4	When we purchased our house, we knew that we were going to need to invest some money into it to make it better suit our wants and needs. One thing I really wanted done was a custom closet. There are a few options in town for custom closets, but no one does closets as well as California Closets. Could we have gotten our closets done elsewhere for less money? Probably, but there is no way they would have looked this nice!Suzi Beirle was our sales rep, we could not have been happier with the level of service she provided. Highly recommended.
4	Completely changing our first review of California Closets.  We are officially FANS!There as a misunderstanding when we had written our first review.  Since that time, California Closets and made us extremely satisfied in their price and quality.  We couldn't be happier with the installations we have had done and can't wait to add more to the house.Like others have said, we could have gone with other companies but if we had, the end result would be no where near as pleasing!  Which ultimately is why we chose to go with CC.  They were going to produce exactly what we wanted.  When all was said and done, we never envisioned the customs we contracted to turn out the way they did.We love our closets and have California Closets and Megan the owner to thank.
5	We contacted the owners of California Closets, Megan and Larry.  They quickly stopped by to see what we wanted to have done.  Initially, we just wanted to redo two bedroom closets and the pantry.  After speaking with them we decided to do another bedroom closet and our coat closet. We also had them install 2 big heavy duty racks in our garage.  The work they did was exemplary. We were so pleased, we have told all our friends and we have shown them how organized we now are. I have a huge number of shoes and now there is a place for every pair. In addition, I got at least 4 more feet of hanging space for my clothing. The pantry is awesome. I don't know why we didn't do this earlier!You will not be disappointed with their work.  Megan and Larry gave us great suggestions that we would not have thought of. They have been in business for nearly 12 years.  The price was fair and I would highly recommend them.  They finished the job exactly when they said they would.  They were a pleasure to deal with.
5	I initially had my closets designed by another company and they did a nice job but I soon realized that what they had designed for me was not functional for my needs. There were way too many shelves and not enough hanging space. I had hired a professional organizer and she was in the process of helping me put my closet back together. Once she had evaluated what needed to go where, she suggested getting rid of most of the shelves and instead adding several pull down hanging racks, a few extra hanging bars as well as some pull out belt racks. She contacted California Closets for help. She was only in town for a short time and expressed her interest in having someone come out right away so she could finish this project the way it should be done. Fortunately enough, California Closets was able to accommodate me and sent someone out to my house the very next day. My new closet is finally perfect. I was so impressed with them and the fact that they saved the day that I'm going to hire them to organize my guestroom closet once I'm ready. Thanks again for everything California Closets! :)
2	California Closets came highly recommended which is why I did not question the work they do. Everyone that I came in contact with was nice and professional. HOWEVER after the installation when my husband got home from work he inspected the closet only to find 2 holes in the wall. I am not angry about the damage about about the business practice. They NEVER said anything to me about the holes or even asked how I would like them to proceed with repair. One hole is literally the size of a full hand extended out about 5 inches, and the other about the size of a tennis ball. Both holes they filled with puddy only. It was already sagging down and one puddy patch work has already separated from the wall. No warning from the installers to watch out for those spots, No words of we will be back over to fix this with the wire mesh and puddy...NOTHING. I am not a picky person, I am a person that expects to get good service when going with the leader in custom closets. Keep in mind that when CC comes out to do your closet, if there is damage done to the wall, they only repair holes with a wire mesh and puddy, no matter the size of the hole. That being said the Unit itself is very beautiful... After spending a little over $4000.00 dollars I am left disappointed and lied to and having to spend more money to fix a hole that they offered to fix improperly
3	I moved into a new home and compared closet companies before going with California Closets.  The quality of their product is superior to the others and the cost only slightly more.  During the design of my closet, I was unsure how many shelves I needed.  My designer said, "you don't have to order everything now, you can add shelves any time after installation, we keep your design and you can get additional shelves, even years from now, if you want them for $12 each."  The closet was installed and I am very happy with how it looks and the quality of the finished product.  After 6 weeks, I realized I did want 6 more shelves.  At that time we also considered having California Closets design an entertainment center for us.  I called my designer and scheduled a meeting to discuss the entertainment center and tell her about the 6 added shelves I wanted.  At that time, she indicated that the cost could be more than $12 each, that the $12 was only the price for the initial project but she would get back to me with the price.  Well, the $12 per shelf was now almost $30 a shelf.  When I reminded her of what she had told me during the initial planning, she said, "yes, I remember saying that but the price has gone up and there is nothing I can do about it."  I questioned the price rising over 200% in 6 weeks and she said, "that's what it is".  I decided to forgo the shelves and seek an entertainment center elsewhere.  I won't do business a second time with a company that does not stand by their pre-purchase promises, no matter how good their product.
5	Maria was great to work with! I am very pleased with my master bedroom closet! Total time frame from the moment I met with interior designer to installation was only 2 weeks! The quality is great! The installer was friendly, quick, and knew what he was doing. I found them to be cheaper than closet world. I would recommend california closets.
