2	The following is a precautionary tale.As I was eating, I started to think about what I would write as a review. And it was going to be pretty good, you know... for the money that is. It's cheap for an all you can eat setting. Everything was going well until I went to the bathroom. And I found myself face to face with the two dirtiest crustiest urinals I have ever witnessed in a restaurant. Let's get something straight right off the bat, they don't clean here. If they're not cleaning the bathroom (something we can see) what makes you think they're cleaning the kitchen?A fellow Yelper mentions that the Kanda on Bishop has failed multiple food safety inspections.I even took a picture, and I considered posting it. But this isn't the place, you'll have to take my word for it.
2	I said the other day that I love sushi. Kanda is one of my go-to places when we are trying to organize a bunch of people to go out together. It's pretty close to where we all live, it suits even the pickiest eaters and since we take our kids we end up getting the "secluded" room.The one complaint I've ALWAYS had regarding Kanda is that their service sucks. Their waiters hardly speak English OR French. They sort of just nod at you and look at you like you are stupid.  You have to ask for water or ice or more food like 3 times before you get it....but then again its cheap and good.Well...the good part is getting worse. I don't want good sushi I want AMAZING sushi. I understand you get what you pay for but their quality has just really gone down hill and the fact that the service is bad makes it that much worse.I have to say that I believe this will be my last visit to the Laval Kanda. :(
2	This place is good for a "quick fix" sushi/schezuan meal. It's not pricey however don't expect great service or getting what you've actually ordered. I have been several times and the service seems to be getting worse and worse. Some things that are on the menu, they don't even serve!! You would usually expect the staff to tell you what was available and what was not, but it's not a the case here. It's a guessing game.I'll be honest with you, the bathrooms are not a very pretty sight. At all. Kind of makes your stomach turn to be quite frank. If the resto's bathroom is that dirty, do you really want to imagine the kitchen??Like i said, for a quick fix, if you aren't scared of a nasty bathroom, it's fine; "fine" being the key word.
