3	A standard Denny's now located where the "gamblers grill" used to be in the Wild Wil West Casino.So Long $1.49 Breakfasts!! They still have a $3.99 Grand Slam but this was one of the last breakfast specials here in Las Vegas.The place has been completely remodeled-no more private boothes, but it looks new & fresh but still the same size.The food is standard Denny's-the McDonalds of sit-down restaurants!3 people with cofffee & Grand Slams $30!Coffee was ok, nothing special, pancakes are NOT made fresh must be frozen then microwaved. The hashbrowns are NEVER crispy BUT they really load you up on the bacon & sausage.I don't like this dumpy casino so I won't be driving out of my way to make a trip back to this Denny's . So Long Vegas Specials & "Gamblers Grill"! We Will Miss You!! :(
3	Par experience considering it was a Denny's in a casino. The pancake puppies were to DIE for though. Definitely try them while you can. the wait service was decent and the food, well it's a Denny's...
3	Decent place if you cant hold your hunger longer...Service was average and joint casino smoke sipped in since there is no division. Big difference from the one at the strip just couple of miles away
2	Denny's with more parking than the one on the strip. Service is still horrible, a standard Denny's signature service marker. Nothing else really different, other than the fact that you're in Las Vegas and probably need to sober up before your long drive home. It gets the job done as you would expect.
1	Terrible food and service.
2	Okay, they say what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. Well, for this Denny's, I think it is true. Right, right, right, knowing what a Denny's is going in, you better have lower expectations. As stated brilliantly by Scott D., Denny's is the McDonalds of sit-down dinning.With all the excellent food options in Vegas, if it wasn't for a free breakfast voucher due to staying at the attached Days Inn, I wouldn't have eaten here. This Denny's is actually located inside the Wild Wild West casino. The casino is actually really a very small and very smoked-filled gambling hall complete with stained carpets and depressed gamblers. Yea, it is enough to lower your happiness points by at least a factor of ten.Anyways, back to the Denny's. We sat down at 11am on a Sunday morning, with checkout being at noon. It appears that everyone else was trying to cash in their vouchers before hitting The Strip. This place was PACKED to the gills. There were three parties of nine waiting at the front desk, plus our party of two. Every table was taken.After a short wait, they did open a booth for us. We were served coffee quickly and the waitress did take our order promptly, but was completely lacking in the smiles or friendliness department. She just jotted down what we wanted and ran off without so much as moving a facial muscle. Yea, we're getting a free breakfast, but wouldn't you like to earn a tip?Anyways, the eggs were cooked well, the hash browns were unspectacular and the bacon was nothing but fat and grizzle. At least the coffee was strong. Despite the place being packed, they did serve us surprisingly quickly.A few notes:- Smoke from the casino billows into the dinning area, ask to be seated near the rear if you want semi-fresh air- Don't expect any customer service or smiles, down to a man (and woman) every single one of the employees looked stressed and annoyed to be there, including the manager- The food is standard Denny's fare, which is consistently blah, thank God for Tabasco sauce- Eat here only if you are trying to cash in your Day's Inn voucher, there are so many better restaurants and buffets on The Strip- They do not allow free breakfasts for the Days Inn vouchers to be taken out of the dinning room, you must sit-in only to redeem them, mehBottom line, go somewhere else if you aren't going for the free meal!
1	Went back for a second (free) breakfast before checking out of the Day's Inn. It was a lot less crowded on a Monday morning than a Sunday afternoon. Nonetheless, it took a very long time for them to serve a bowl of oatmeal and some fruit. I also had to remind the waitress to bring the fruit. My sister ordered juice, but it took an additional ten minutes to tell us that it wasn't available because they ran out. She ordered a different type of juice. Another ten minute delay ensued. Apparently they were out of two types of juices at 9am on a Monday? Try again. Seriously. At that point, we just wanted to get out of the smelly dinning room from the smoke-filled casino nearby. When we went to settle our tab, but the girl still charged my sister for the drinks she never consumed. After speaking to the manager, they fixed the error. Meh, seriously, don't ever pay to eat here. Even for free, think twice and think hard. There are so many better choices in Vegas. If I wasn't such a thrifty person, I wouldn't have given this place a second thought.
1	The worst Denny's in town that I have been to.  We walked in there was no one to greet us or anything. The employees were all at the corner hanging out by the kitchens door. Our waiter couldn't even do a head count. Basically she suck. Worst waitress ever. She had no clue of what she's doing. She doesn't even know anything about the menu. My friend wanted a chicken wrap, she told him they don't have that. I was ordering and I wanted the build your own short stack with the eggs and stuff. She didn't even let me finish what I wanted to order. My food came I wondered where was my eggs bacon and hash brown. Her ass didn't even write it down or whatever. She then gave my friends each others plates. My friend was like this is a burrito. The waitress responded well that's what they gave me. Freaking idiot gave my friend who ordered the burrito my other friends chicken wrap. The waitress upset me. Erghhh. She then gave my friend a diet coke which he ordered a regular coke. Oh yeah. She didnt gave us any fork knives and napkins. How am I suppose to eat my damn pancakes. This isn't a pancake eating contest. We were all done she put the receipt on the table and told us the check is on the table. Every time time she came to our table she kept telling us the check is on the table. I find that rude. I swear she was on drugs. The manager lady was cool but she didn't help us. If you do decide to eat here try to get the Hispanic lady. She's really helpful and has been there a long time from what she told us. PEOPLE PLEASE DO NOT GO TO THIS DENNY'S. If you want to go to Denny's drive a couple blocks to the one on Dectaur and Tropicana. They give better service. I wanted to add you can smell cigarettes from the casino. Not a good place to bring your children.
1	I had to write a review because I don't think this location deserves the 2-star avg that it currently stands at.  Memei has solely managed to lower my review down 2 whole stars that I would have given for my previous 8 visits.  Based on all previous visits, this location would have gotten 3 stars.  We normally stay at Days Inn for business twice a year and they give vouchers for free breakfast from 5-12 every day that you are there.  Food is good, but a little slow.  Thats understood being that our tab is obviously on the lower end, and they do get the occasional paying customer.I have to give credit to CC.  She was sweet & can probably teach Memei what customer service really is.  Memei should really stop yelling back at customers and her manager.  Im not sure she was the right pick to be hostess that day... or EVER.  She needs to stop tossing dirty utensils on empty tables.  Maybe someone can tell her that no one is forcing her to work there...
3	Medium quality food. Waiters are nice and the place after all is clean.
1	You can never go wrong with Denny's, nothing ever changes on their menu.  Veggie omelet with hash browns, cheap easy, fast.  I don't always leave feeling very healthy though.  I was in a rush to get some lunch, and the person I was with wanted Denny's, the Wild Wild West Casino was the closest Denny's to us......soooo it was the way we had to go. GROSS, smokey, trashy, not very comfortable.  I left smelling like cigarets. The service was nice.  We had let are server know we were in a rush and she happily obliged and got the food out in a timely manner.  I won't ever go back to this location, it was just too trashy, too much smoke, and really loud.
3	Yeah, not the greatest location in town, but compared to our horrible experience that we had at the Denny's at 3001 S. Las Vegas (see my review on that one), this one was heaven!  Restaurant was not crowded, and we were seated and served promptly.  Jorge was an attentive waiter, food came out on time and tasted great.  He did mess up on my drink (gave me a real coke instead of diet), but no real worries other than that.  The place gets knocked a star because of its placement next to the smoky casino, and does look a little "dive-y", but food and service were good so can't complain too much (especially since we hadn't eaten in over 12 hours).
5	I'm a huge fan of this Denny's, it's conveniently located just off the strip.  They have the nicest staff, very CLEAN, and the food has to be good when travelers are constantly staying at the Days Inn.  The staff knows us well.  We've been coming here for over 2 years and the service is consistent, delicious and sure it can be pretty slammed during high season but off season this place is the bomb!!  If I had to suggest something on the menu, a build your own burger, meatball sandwich and their Chicken Loaded potato skillet is out of this world (as seen in the picture).   I've had the pot roast skillet (back when it was on the menu), it tastes like a home cooked meal. MMmmMMM!  The Iced coffee has free refills and I can't complain.  Ari makes a kickin' iced coffee, he blends it to add froth on top.  That extra mile they go keeps us coming back.  I really appreciate the staff here.  I've had so many bad experiences at other locations and this one stands out from the rest.  : )
2	Very nice consistent meal.  We ate breakfast as we usually do when we come to Denny's.  It's a good place to bring the family and get a good meal at a reasonable price.  I had to lower a star for the slow service due to lack of staffing.
3	Visiting Las Vegas and looking for a Denny's for breakfast off of the strip-- hoping that there wouldn't be a long wait. The restaurant is part of Days Inn and through a small and old casino. The hotel looks scary. They ask you if you have a coupon for free breakfast from the hotel. I could never stay at such a place but to each his/her own. The waitress was nice and food wasn't bad. Just not the greatest location. Parking lot was also packed.
1	Lol I am doing a M****F*****G review on Denny's seriously! Well my EX has ties to this location so he feeds me on his dime. This is the spot when I want breakfast for dinner. I always order the same, an Ultimate omelet no mushrooms, hashed browns, and a bagel w/cream cheese. Um WTF they do not have a Denver omelet on the menu. Who in the world does not have the capability to make a Denver omelet. We are talking ham, bell pepper and onion.Why not you may ask??? Well rumor has it that to cut cost, they did away with fresh vegetables such as bell pepper. They replaced it with a fajita style bell pepper and onion mix which comes in frozen. They use it for everything now, in 5 or 6 of their menu items. So there is no way to make a Denver because it would taste funky with that crappy seasoned pepper and onion mix (frozen). Anyhow, I like the free entertainment this location provides! The more low end clientele, homeless, prostitutes, and idiot and ungrateful demanding hotel staff management whom holds their weekly pow wow here. This Denny's is located inside of a motel and casino for the record.Just getting from your car to the building is an erotica of funk. Always some prostitute yelling at another, and the "women of the night" switching shifts on the corner!I really feel good about myself as I am walking into the casino to the inside Denny's.I said Denny's is horrible, but not as bad as those call girls just on the other side of the door.The one redeeming quality in this location is that they do have Awesome music bumping every time. I am always doing the booty mix a lot sway in the booth! Lol I do I really do. Then I get hit on by a pimp in which I told to take his baby nuts a walkin before they get let a stompin!
5	Consistently great service.   We love coming here during during the afternoon Wed-Sun our favorite people are working.  Very clean, I always notice the guy cleaning the bathroom. Service is friendly.  Their Sirloin falls apart with a fork & butter knife. I was amazed for the price & the quality I recieved. My friend had the salmon also very delicious. They have a new special on the dinner page.  3 course meal starting at 8.99 which is a great price.
3	For a Denny's in a little hole-in-the-wall casino that seems to mostly deal in free breakfast vouchers from the attached Days Inn, this place is surprisingly clean, comfy and well-run with good service. I only went for breakfast early on but it was never crowded and the food was at least passable. Sportscenter up on 2 TVs that you can see from wherever you sit too.
