5	Get ready Madison! This place is dangerous and sexy!We've all complained about the lack of choice in furniture/ home furnishing stores in Madison.  Well now you can turn that frown upside down!  Vault offers an eclectic mix of modern, rustic, downright cool and sleek to comfy selections of furniture and accessories.  I swooned as soon as I entered the space and couldn't stop looking around at the gorgeous light fixtures, industrial wood tables, cool armchairs, pretty artwork, I couldn't stop! I needed a fainting chaise!  The owner Carrie Simpson, has carefully hand selected a mixture of new, old and antique just for you.  Looking for a cool antique but don't have the time? Stop here!  Want a custom couch, made in the U.S. and don't know where to get started?  Come here!  Need an amazing piece to tie your whole room together?  This is it!There is a whole price range for every shopper from accessories to the big items.  With this variation in prices, gifts large and small, the whole neighborhood and beyond will be happy.  The space has been completely renovated top to bottom.  They have turned a funky layout into beautiful and contemporary in an old space right next to Chocolatarian.I can't wait to go back.  I am SOOOOOO inspired to get my interior design back on!
3	New house means new furniture (especially when you sold all of your furniture prior to moving to the new place)... I had walked past Vault a few times before stopping in - they definitely know how to stage their store and present everything in an appealing manner. Staff was friendly, but the prices - wow. I realize this isn't your standard IKEA grade fare, but crikey. I found a chair that I liked, sat in it, talked fabric options, and then took a peek at the price tag - $2700 is a bit steep for what would essentially be an accent chair. Love the space, and I really like a lot of the items. But I think I'll be shopping at a slightly more friendly-to-my-budget place.
1	I was really disappointed with the lack of diversity in the products. It is a one style shop. If you like rustic, slightly awkward VERY price furniture this store is for you.The woman who was working was very unfriendly and did not offer any help. Will not be back
5	This place is fantastic from the look, the attentive staff and the customer service!  I used to bank here when it was Anchor-I can't believe how the owner reconfigured the odd-shaped layout (and formerly ugly exterior) to make it so appealing. I have shopped here a few times with my wife, and we have always found something to purchase. I picked up some of the funky vintage pieces and candles and we both fell in love with a few chairs, but ended up having Carrie (the owner/designer) design a custom sofa for us.  It is so awesome, we decided to hire Vault to redesign the interior of our home and we can't wait to see the end product! As far as prices go, you get what you pay for, as far quality and design goes.  Since I am a savvy shopper, I have figured out a few of the brands they carry and shopped on line and found Vault to actually be priced better than most everyone-plus they are local.  I am glad Madison finally has a fun, cool, home furnishings store.  We will definitely be going back!
4	The owner told me that some of the furniture was made by Prince's set designer . . . soooo thats where the prices come from. Yeah, its a little pricey, but it is unique.  You won't find stuff like this anywhere else. It is also Beautiful! Even their pillows are luxurious. They also have neighborhood-centric decor which I haven't really been able to find anywhere else in Madison.  They have some really cute and unique gift ideas here too (a throw made out of sweater material? yes, please). If you have some cash and want to spend it on some really cool conversation pieces, Vault is the place to go.
