4	Dropped in just before 5 restaurant I beat the dinner crowd. The decoration in the restaurant is a nice balance of rustic but sparse. Service was excellent and the food was very good. I had the lasagna which was served on a bed of a good marinara sauce. My wife had the gnocchi with the San Gennaro sauce which had sliced Italian sausage and peppers. It was very good without being too spicy. Overall the meal exceeded my expectations and I hope this new restaurant will succeed so I have an opportunity to visit many times in the future.
1	I ordered two pizzas and a salad for pick up and the guy who took my order said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. I was surprised at how quick my order would be ready. I got to the restaurant after 10 minutes elapsed and the host (a lady) said it would be just a few more minutes. I sat at the bar and looked around and noticed there was only one group dining. The restaurant looked nice and I liked how the kitchen was open. A lady with the one group dining went up to the kitchen and asked the cooks/chefs for a side of marinara sauce. The host then approached her a few minutes later asking if she needed anything and the lady told her what she needed, but that's okay because I know you're busy. As I was waiting, another lady came in and waited at the bar for her pick up. I realized I was waiting for more than the time that was given to me... The host was on the phone while getting the other lady's pick up ready. I overheard her say, "Where are you? I'm getting busy." I took another look around and there was still, one group dining, the lady waiting on her pick up and myself. -____- After getting impatient, I looked around and noticed my two pizzas sitting on a counter, but no salad. I waited again and after almost 5 minutes the cooks/chefs finally told the host that the pizzas were ready. The host asked for the salad and the cooks/chefs said the had made it already and that it was in the other order's bag. Come to find out, the salad has not been made. So I keep waiting and finally a guy comes over with my two pizzas and the salad. He offered to take the order to the car, but was pissed off so told him I could do it myself. I told the guy, that he should get his waiting times right. He cut me off and said I told you 15 minutes. I then continued, like I said, you need to get your times right because you told me 10-15 minutes and it's been 35 minutes and for that, I will not be returning to your restaurant. No apology from the guy...IF, the guy told me the correct time to pick up my order I would have had no problem, but he didn't and I ended up waiting 25 minutes at the restaurant for my order. And while waiting for my order I saw how they were catering to the other lady picking up her order because she seemed like a regular customer. Not sure if she ordered before or after me, but I was there first so I could have been first and if so, then I got my order second. Also, the fact that the host was so overwhelmed with one group dining and two pick up orders shows that she couldn't multi-task. When I got back to work, which is literally about a minute away, the pizzas were cold... but decent, and the salad was decent as well.Overall, the food wasn't over the top, service was no good, and I will not be returning.
5	Here's the deal. I've been to a lot of places in Europe and had a lot of Italian food. I absolutely love this restaurant. The owner came out and talked to my husband personally and to top it off the pizza was AMAZING! My husband said to the owner, "this tastes just like the pizza in Europe."  The owner casually replied,  "oh yes we import our flour,"  and at that moment I realized, of course! the bread tastes amazing on this pizza. My mother had the Talapia which was so good! It's done in a garlic lemon reduction that is beyond perfection. Drinks and the old timey feel is great for dinner. Plus the prices were great! With free garlic knots and the rest of our meal and drinks only adding up to about $55 for all of us, this was a deal. Great Italian joint for the neighborhood. Take out I haven't tried but the overall experience of in room dining is fabulous!
5	My husband and I are big fans of this place. The atmosphere is relaxing; the seats at both the tables and the booths are comfortable, and, if you're lucky, the owner plays one excellent piano. Both of the owners and all of the staff are friendly and welcoming, and the food is absolutely delicious.  We've been in three times in the past few months and have had consistently good experiences.  Last night, we started off with a very reasonably priced bottle of Coppola cabernet, had a house salad (for me) and the shrimp scampi appetizer (for him), both of which were fresh and tasty.  I'm a big fan of their house dressing, sort of a balsamic vinaigrette that's on the creamy side. I passed on the house garlic knots (the owner's specialty) as I'm watching my waistline, but hubby loves them.  For main courses, I had the vegetariana pasta with the white wine sauce and angel hair, and he had the chicken picatta.  Both arrived fairly quickly, even though there were five other tables being served (on a Monday night).  My love and I were both totally full by the end of the meal, and had enough food left over to have a lovely lunch today.  We totally recommend this place and know it will become one of your faves, as it has become one of ours..... Buon provecho!
5	New location, same great service, same great food!!!!!
4	Let me start by saying, I'm giving them an extra star out of sympathy. We arrived Monday at 6:30p and for the hour duration of our meal only one other customer showed up.  So...right away I'm worried that if they're doing that little business, how fresh is the food.  That being said, my Chicken Marsala was pretty good, say 7/10.  My wife's Spinach Ravioli was about the same.  Not outstanding, not bad.  My wife wanted to order a pizza, but we were told it was not being served tonight...it must cost a lot to keep that big brick oven fired up.  At any rate..unless the food changes to outstanding and they do some major promotion, I predict this place will be gone in a few months...the fairly poor location will spell certain doom.  Who knows, maybe they can turn it around...they did have a large wine selection and a nice bar area.
