5	What a terrific experience for a really crappy situation.  I bought a used car yesterday and the A/C was working fine.  Today I take it for a ride (about 15 minutes) and hot air is blowing out.  I bring it to this Meineke and...bad news.  The compressor is not coming on which is a $500 repair.  Josh, the guy behind the counter, tells me that he will not charge me for anything if I just want to stop diagnostic services and take the car home.  He also gives me a quote to keep going to see if there is something else going on.  I take that option and hope for a miracle.  After hooking it up to "the machine" and putting some dye through the system, he finds out there is also a leak. He gives me a quote for the new part which he would need to order.  I decide to take it (about $175 for the part and labor).  He got the part same day and fixed the A/C.  He explained everything to me with a diagram and showed me exactly what was wrong and what he was going to fix.  He also was very upfront and shared that while although the A/C is running cold now the compressor will eventually need to be replaced because it is damaged.My only disappointment was that it took nearly 5 hours of me sitting there and waiting.  However, I was a walk-in with no appointment and he had to go get a part for me.  On a side note, I did really appreciate him helping me get my laptop connected to an outlet.  I needed a three prong outlet and there were none around me.  He went into the shop and brought out an extension cord, hooked it up behind the desk and got me situated.  Honestly, I'm going back here for any other services I need.  I really do trust, Josh.  He did not push me to go forward with fixing it because he was not 100% sure it would work.  He also thanked me at the end for my patience because he realized how long I had been sitting there.  Small thing - but that's what us Yelpers look for when we give 5 stars!
1	I have brought my car here more times than I can count.  I will not be bringing it back any time soon.  My shocks were broken in the back of my car.  They told me they needed to be replaced and they had the parts in stock.  They were 350 a side and the labor would be about another 300 so it came out to about 1,000 bucks in all.  Well I took the invoice and drove back home thinking what I could do to come up with 1,000 bucks.  I googled the part number and on amazon the same part was selling for 110.  So they were going to charge me more than 3 times what it was selling on amazon for????  Is this normal???  Then I did a little more research and found out that wasn't even the right part!  They were going to put in the shocks meant for the front of the car instead of the rear.  I ended up getting the parts off line and had them installed elsewhere.  Anything more than an oil change, I wouldn't trust them.
1	I  schedule my appointment online for the morning of my 1,400 mile road trip. After receiving several confirmation reminders via email and text I showed up to my appointment to find that they ARE CLOSED for the day. I even got a thank you for your business email a few hours later that day. I will never go there. I got a late start on my trip. I it is ridiculous that I was allowed to set up an appointment for a day they are closed on; on their own website. I cannot trust them. I do not recommend.
1	Horrible place , the lobby is dirty and the workers are rude . One guy said it was going to be 9.95 more because my car is a newer car (08 beetle ) and that they had to use a different oil filter . I told him that i had never heard that before in the many years i had my car and he just walked away and said well i can get the manager to explain to you and didnt even give me a chance to say anything else. Not the first time i take my car to a Meineke but it was the first time i bring it to this one and the last !
