4	I cannot believe no one has reviewed this place yet. A-Mazing.This hidden treasure is located in the same parking lot as Iron Thunder and Pat Rogers H-D (Harley- Davidson for those of you who are motorcycle-impaired) near Concord Mills Mall. The menu has some truly awesome smoked meat (chicken, pork and beef) dinners and salads as well as burgers etc. The desserts will harden your arteries merely by reading or hearing their descriptions. They have good beer specials (not great, but good). There is an honest-to-god smokehouse on premises. They have a Bike Night. They have a Trivia Night. What are you waiting for?????
3	Now that is a name suited to something other than a smokehouse.Unfortunately, it is really not all that interesting, describing instead the process that an engine (specifically a motorcycle engine) goes through: Suck, taking in air and bang, when the fuel mixture ignites, sending the piston back down, and blow, when the the piston returns to dead center, starting the process again, clearing the air out again.  Simple, right?  And one awesome name.As to the place, it is nice.  Very well appointed, including a Big Ass Fan (capitalized because it is a brand name, but also because it is one huge fan - supposedly this 24-foot monster will handle the airflow of a bunch of its smaller, more common brethren.  Whatever the case, it looks really cool.Service was also great - but the food?  Not bad at all - but unfortunately, not great.  Like many places, it seems that too much effort was put into the place - including the menu - and not quite enough into the food.  Still, there are not a ton of options in the area, and it is worth a look-see at least once.
4	First off, the title of the restaurant isn't what you think (you sick minds.) But once inside and settled, it was definitely not bad. I enjoyed how it was very open and very spacious. So lets get to it, the food.I ordered the philly cheese steak, which must I say delicious. It was loaded with well everything that's supposed to be on a philly cheese. The only problem I had with it was the portion of it. I only wished it was bigger, because it didn't last quite long. However, the fries were, so-so. It kind of reminded me of french fries from McDonalds and it wasn't quite so unique and didn't stand out. And well I believe with the appetizers with wings, there are fries under those wings as well. The fried pickles wasn't so bad either, but I felt it got a little soggy a little too fast. It could be that the water didn't come all the way out of the pickles before they fried them. Overall though, I would definitely come back. It had a great atmosphere and I would like to try a couple more things on the menu. (The cute waiter swayed my vote to 4 stars, haha)
4	Who wouldn't love a name like that?! "Hey, I'm going to Suck Bang Blow tonight!" lol  And as much as I'm not suppose to judge a book by its cover, the name sold me... I had to find out what's going on behind those doors.First off, this place is near Concord Mills Mall, the other side of the Burton Smith Blvd back behind BJ (appropriate choice of reference for a place called Suck Bang Blow haha... oh I crack myself up!!) and all those things.  It's not easy to spot since it's at the other end (not by the street) of a new brick strip mall.  The space is just a big rectangle, with a bar on one end and pool tables on the other and booths in between.  It was pretty empty on a Tuesday night.  Yes, there is a BAF (Big Ass Fan) on the ceiling.  Let's get down to biz-ness, the food.I ordered the beef brisket sandwich with a side of baked mac & cheese ($7.99), and a bottle of miller lite ($2 special) to wash everything down with.  My friend got the pull pork sandwich special ($5.99 last night) with a side of onion rings and it came with a little slaw. Food was solid.  Pull pork was moist and tender.  Beef brisket has a good bounce to the meat but not tough at all.  The house sauce has a mesquite smoke taste to it along with the tanginess.  The portion was good, I saved half for another meal.  Mac & cheese at first taste was a little bland, but it got better as I digged in.  And don't underestimate that little cup, when I dumped them in my to-go box, it's quite sizable.  Onion rings were yummy, and best part... it didn't come apart when we ate it, the onion stayed put.  I give the food my thumbs up.Service was great too.  I know it was empty, but that never seems to guarantee anything.  Our waitress was a young girl who kept the sweet tea coming, made sure I didn't need another cold one, told us about the dinner specials and the upcoming labor day event, and even offered to give us to-go cups for the tea.  And she did all these with a smile... take that lousy waitresses at Mac's Speed Shop! So, with everything said, I'll definitely and gladly going to Suck Bang Blow again and again...  haha (told ya the name is awesome!)
3	The SB&B comes to Concord, nothing could be better.  the food is great but the portions could be bigger. It was a lot of fun. Check it out.
3	The restaurant is out of business.
1	Tried to go. Apparently it's gone. Would be nice if someone had updated the website.  It really did Suck and Blow.
