4	You may think this is a cop out... writing a review of Starbucks. It's like writing a review of water. ("It's wet, delicious and necessary to my survival!") My aim is simple here though. This particular Starbucks location is an excellent place for people watching. Try hanging out there between the hours of 11am and 1pm on a Friday afternoon and tell me you aren't entertained by some of the patrons who go in and out of the doors. While attending school, I was taking a screenwriting class and given the arduous task of writing descriptions of about 35 random people. Where did I go to write every single one of them? Park Central Starbucks. The crew here is also super friendly every time I come in and they do their best to remember my name. It doesn't help that I tell them a different name every time. OK that's not true, but what a fun social experiment that would make.The coffee... been there, done that and there's not much else I can say about it, but for the sport of people-watching, this a great place to hang out in the corner and just take it all in.
4	quite possible the only starbucks in arizona that could be referred to as the gay starbucks and people would know what your talking about, (kinda like gay denny's), i wouldn't even relate that fame to the constant cast of characters outside "people watching" but for awhile, 90% of the employees were gay.this starbucks is a great place to sit outside and chill and chat up the regulars. i miss alot of the former employees of this starbucks, they were all really cool people. some of them just randomly disappeared, whatever happened to that skinny guy who kinda looked like the devil, and that Blondie? what would you need to do to get fired?? being too cool for everyone? oh well. i have been comped so many drinks here its no wonder the last two managers were fired. lol. but that's part of the things that made me love this bux. cool employees who knew how to make you come back. (maybe I'll get a free drink today....no? well maybe next time)chain coffee shops are considered the antichrist to a lot of coffee shop superheros but lets face it. the coffee isn't so great..neither is the food, but it's the status symbol to have that green straw in your cup.
1	This Starbucks has been remodeled and now looks like a hospital cafeteria. Gone are the plush velvety sofas and over-sized chairs which I loved to sit on while flipping through a good mag or chatting it up with a pal. No more warm and fuzzy feeling Starbucks. I hate this new look and will not be back EVER! BTW - The place was empty at 10am on a Saturday. Hmmm?
4	this is the best starbucks i've visited in phoenix: my drink is ready quickly, even when it is crazy busy. every employee seems to be kind, efficient and intelligent. when a snafu occurs, they quickly recover with sincerity. i've sat inside only once, and it was too intense for me on a weekday morning. outside feels peaceful. the level of intensity i measure is based directly on where i am sitting so the offering of a tree to sit under and grass to sit on makes me a lucky girl! this is a friendly starbucks. i like it.
4	It was a rainy Saturday, yes, that's right, it was raining and hot and muggy!  UGH!  But when it rains I just want to go sit in a coffee shop and people watch or just relax a little.  And I don't have a coffee pot at home right now.  Yes, I know, it's somewhat sacriligious for someone such as myself who is a caffine addict.  Sad, but true.  I just needed my fix and it's that time of year people.....the Pumpkin Spice Latte is BACK!!!  HOORAY!!!  It is my all time favorite!!This is the closest Starbucks to where I live.  Just a few blocks away.  When my friend took me here the first time she told me it was the "gay" Starbucks.  Yup, I think that is safe to say.  I'm straight but if I were gay, dang, I'd probably be here more often.  I like this location though.  It never seems to be super busy and there is always a place to sit weather it's inside or out.  It's clean and the staff are friendly.  It also helped that I was cleaning out my wallet and found a Starbucks gift card.  Score!  There is not much else located near this Starbucks.  The Good Egg, which looks like somewhere I might try, and Jamba Juice but sadly, it looks like just about everything else has closed up in this little strip mall.  Too bad because it must have been a hoppin place a few years back.  I may have to go back soon......like, today, maybe....I'm getting another craving for my fave PSL!!!  YUM!!  And now they have a PSL Frap!  I have not tried it yet but I will.  Sounds like pumpkin pie through a straw!  Yum-O!
3	I am waiting in this Starbucks for my friend to finish a conference call so we can go have some shopping time and relax later by the pool. Yes, I am on vacation and I have my work laptop and I really may never be really really on vacation because there is always something to finish, just one more thing, and if I go and do it I won't have to do it later. Enough about me. This Starbucks is near the downtown and near the metro rail line. There are about 30 seats inside and 30 outside, which now is great because it si about 70 degrees outside. I imagine from May to November the outside seats are insufferably hot. I got adequate service here, the coffee is the coffee. I can feel shane m.'s pain because I was a Starbucks supervisor back in the day too. This place passes at this moment, but you can catch the wrong partner at the wrong time and Boom! One star. I will come back here if I am ever nearby when I need a SBUX fix.
4	This is my favorite starbucks. The employees here are friendly and they are pretty quick considering it is *never* not busy. I went today and sat on the patio and had a yogurt parfait and a cup of coffee. It was very enjoyable.
5	Excellent customer service, friendly environment. Got to love a place that remembers you by name. I've been coming to this Starbucks for about 3 years now.
3	Yeah, yeah it's Starbucks. Everyone knows it tastes like burning, yet we always go back for more. Typically I'd not even write a review for such a giant chain, but this location does have a unique vibe that sets it apart from the rest. The staff is psychotically cheerful, and ZIPPY ZOOMY FAST. They can work through a line of 10 people with speed and composure that could humble Speedy Gonzalez! Also, the vast patio is dreamy, and is always buzzing with eye candy. Score. The big downfall, however is the iced coffee. Weak. Like.. 85 year old woman who reuses her Sanka grounds kinda weak.. I've had this problem at other locations, but certainly not at all. Buh. Ambience, and experience, however, are how this transformed from a 2 star review to a 3 star review...
5	Starbucks is Starbucks wherever you go, so this review is based on the location/atmosphere.  I love all the outdoor seating here - there are tons of tables, comfy chairs, umbrellas, plants, etc.  Every time I have been to this location there are always tons of people filling these areas.  It's a good place to meet up with a friend and spend some time.  (Provided we're still in the cool season).  Enjoy!
5	So when I started yelping I pretty much told myself I would never write a review for a chain because let's be honest - they all seem to be the same. The only exceptions would be a terrible experience or a really great experience. Luckily this Starbucks is a latter.This Starbucks is in a great location, has a phenomenal outdoor seating area (some under a roof, other parts out in the open), and the staff is SPECTACULAR! Unlike many of the other starbucks in the area where I find myself waiting a whole lot - this starbucks gets you through the line quick drink in hand! They've always been super friendly and interact with you more than just "what can I get started for you today." Such a great experience every time I've been there!I am by no means a regular at the moment since I don't get into the area very often but the fact that some of the employees are already starting to remember my drink is pretty darn impressive!!Random comment: As a Starbucks Gold card holder (with name printed on the card) isn't it weird that they ask for my name as they're holding the card in their hand? Seems kind of repetitive to me personally. (Doesn't effect my review just wanted to throw it out there into the universe)
4	they not only remember my name, my fave drinks, exactly the way i love 'em and also my lil tricks for it, like my 2 straws.... they r have been the best so far.... wish was not a big o' corporate business so it could feel more cosy
4	Drinks are consistent (as are most chains)Good atmosphere to work, lots of tables with plenty of outlets for laptops if neededgreat outdoor area to relax & drink coffeeBaristas are friendly
4	After only a week here, this is the best Starbucks I've been to yet. The employees are very nice, and they KNOW how to make a Salted Caramel Mocha. This location is on Central between Catalina and Osborn. It's convenient to the light rail. There is some inside seating, though more is available outside.  On the days when I go into the office, I've learned to stop here for my SCM instead of hitting the Starbucks downtown near the office.
3	Not 5 star legendary service. Not one 100% customer service award awarded here. I used to work at starbucks as a batista. I know the standards. The same standards I hold every customer service establishment. Which is just that. Customer service. The cleanliness was sub-par. Wasn't greeted at the door. Maybe because these  7.50/hr baristas simply didn't mind eating their tip. Maybe they just forgot because of the "rush". . . No. There was one person in line. Two including me. Anywhore. The lady was nice. Took my order, and said "next". . . Ok whatever. I sit down, the chair looked dingy. Or maybe because people in phoenix dont like light. It was so dark. The patrons seemed all gay, must have been recovering from their midnight debauchery. Not a happy person in site. Is my drink ready yet? Ahhhhhhh nope. What the heck? There's hardly anyone here, what is taking so long? So instead of waiting impatiently, I caught up on my readers digest. Then remembered I had to knit my neice a scarf, so knit knit, pearl. Knit knit pearl... Ohhhh! My drink is finished! Yay! The barista was hot. But slow. Just my kind of man!The coffee was good. So I guess perfection takes time. I mean look at the 16th chapel. Rome wasnt built in a day. But a espresso machine doesn't take ten minutes to extract a shot.Not 5star legendary service. 100% not satisfied.
5	Who writes a review for a chain? A person who's gone to the same store for four years, that's who! Take a hip coffee place, throw a bunch of Starbucks logos everywhere, and you have this amazingly friendly coffee house. I was anti-Starbucks but now I won't go anywhere else. The staff is friendly, fast, smart, and they don't change every month. The outside sitting area is really nice and cozy. They have tons of seating and misters/shade for the hot summers.
4	This is where all the hipsters and downtown people go after work.  It's pretty packed, but a nice place.  Staff is very cool and you get your drinks out in a reasonable time.  I love the outside seating. There is plenty of it.
5	I Love this Place!!! Alway running into friends when on my breaks or lunches here is nice. And My Lovely Baristas have My Grande Quad Shot Americano with Caramel Drizzle down packed!People always ask me why I selected a Brand name when it came to my morning JOE. Well, just like the bars I frequent, I like regular(s)Have an Amazing Day!
5	This is Starbucks. I love everything about it. It doesn't have the local mom and pop feel, but I knew that it wouldn't before I walked in the doors. Its not mom and pop. Its corporate. I never have to repeat my drink to the "baristas""Four shots over whipped cream" They just grab a cup and start brewin. At most local places, they always look at me with a puzzled look, ask me to repeat it, or suggest something completely different. Friendly staff. Quick WiFi. Awesome vibe. FAST
2	To preface, I LOVE Starbucks and have visited locations in many cities around the world. While the brand changes slightly to accommodate the local clientele and culture, one thing that stays fairly consistent is the Starbucks customer service model of making your drink the right way in a timely manner and doing with exceptional customer service. This Starbucks location is not the best when it comes to delivering an amazing experience to the customer.The baristas are abrasive and the service is not speedy. I tend to order brewed coffee with a side of ice water and something to eat (usually a bagel or lemon pound cake). The brewed coffee is fairly quick but I was amazed at how long it took to throw a bagel into the toaster and return it! After standing and tracking my bagel on the next visit, I noticed that it was sitting in this food line after leaving the toaster getting cold. Has anyone thought about designating a batista to be assigned to simply hand food to the already paid and waiting customer? I don't have to work as a batista to understand that there's a problem with this supply chain.  I've visited this location several times prior to writing this review with an attempt to see "another perspective" but my perception remains the same.
5	THIS STARBUCK'S IS AWESOME! Amazing Cstr Service! ALWAYS Super friendly, always smiling with a positive attitude! HIGHLY recommend this location in particular, as well as this location being known as the Gay Starbuck's.  :)
5	Must have been an off day last time. These partners are phenomenal!
1	My husband and I were out and about and like so many pregnant women, with only a couple weeks left to go, I found myself with the sudden urge to use the bathroom. We stopped into a Starbucks on 7th ave and Camelback in Phoenix and noticed that they had keypad locks on the bathroom doors. I waddled up to the counter and asked the barista if I could please have the code for the ladies room. He asked if I was going to buy something because he could only give me the code if I made a purchase. I replied that I'm pregnant and need to use the bathroom now. He again repeated that I would have to purchase something. I glared at him and walked away to my husband and told him that I was denied access.Understandably, this upset Brad who marched right over to the Starbucks employee and in a forceful tone again stated that I am pregnant and should be granted use of the bathroom. They went back and forth for a moment, all the while the employee repeating that toilet access comes with a purchase. Finally Brad put his credit card on the counter and said, "Charge me for whatever and give me the code!". To this, the barista said no and refused to sell him anything, insisting instead that we leave and go to the Fry's down the street and use their facilities. A woman in line behind Brad who had been witnessing this bathroom denial insanity said that she was about to be making a purchase and asked for the code. The unrelenting employee refused and instead told my husband that if he didn't leave, he would be calling the police.At this point, Brad realized that my urge was becoming urgent so we left and used the bathroom at a much more accepting Subway next door. I don't know if there is any civil or federal code that permits access of a toilet to a pregnant women in the state of Arizona, but there should be extenuating circumstances regardless. Especially when there is no signage stating that the bathrooms are for customers only.I have never experience anything like this in my life. To unapologetically deny a very pregnant woman the use of a bathroom is wrong. This male barista exhibited a total lack of compassion and understanding, not to mention zero common scence. I hope that other pregnant women never have to experience this kind of embarrassment.
