2	Arby's has to be worst of the worst of fast foods. The meat tastes unreal like it came from a polyester cow or something. I have yet to get anything at Arby's that I like. It is one of those places one goes with the crowd not because you want too.
2	I have been eating at Arby's since I was a kid and like some of their items. However, their breakfast was really bad. I will never eat that breakfast again, it was disgusting. Sorry Arby's....please dont do breakfast !!
4	I would agree with Jacob as well since Arby's is reliable, tasty and has different items than other FF places.   Ah, they have tasty Roast Beef along with those curly fries / Arby sauce (also like the Chicken CordonBlue).
1	here is the latest failed health inspection done at arby's on 07/02/2008......enjoy. this can be found at ...http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/business_search.aspx?as_page_title=food%20establishments%20search&as_type=foodestablishment ran out of gloves and employees were handling food with bare hands. employee went to store to buy gloves and came back with latex gloves, which are not permitted. employee returned to store to buy non-latex gloves.tip of large knife was broken off. knife was set in manager's office to be discarded.
4	Fast Food is not my favorite place to dine but we decided to stop in and try the new Philly sandwich they were promoting and put it to a test.Let me say that I was pleasantly surprised as the sandwich was hot, juicy and full of flavor.  The shell of the bread was crusty yet soft and delicate inside.  When I placed my order, I told the woman behind the counter I had not eaten here in sometime and this might make or break my decision to come back.  She was very polite, used my name, promoted the new item and then brought it to my table when it was ready.Overall the customer service at this sore was exceptional for a fast food joint.  The sandwich was tasty and I would certainly go back for another.
5	Arby's is an old favorite. The market fresh sandwiches are awesome. But it's their curly fries that bring me back. If you want something different for fast food not the same old burger joint give this place a try.
3	Was late coming home from work and was TIRED.  Hubby called and asked me to get dinner.  I liked my swiss, bacon, & chicken comb.  My hubby got 4 of those roast beef sandwiches.  They have shrunk in size!  Honey, I shrunk the sandwich.  LOL!  It was still good but much smaller.
3	I usually drive through for food.  Friendly and quick service.
4	I love Arby's and this location is never skimpy with the meat on the sandwich.  They are super friendly to me and my dogs.  What other fast food restaurant gives your dog (when you are going through the drive through) a bone!
4	Arby's is good you know it is
2	Manny from modern family was here
5	Arbys is so much better now that a new manager works there.I give big props to Adam! He keeps everyone happy like any manger would. I just want to know why isnt he the GM???..Scott hes just a sweet guy hes fast ,clean and friendly!arby looks clean! Everyones friendly and the environment feels good now that Adam is working here! I love coming into a good manager and facility.I dont like Arlette so much I see how she works and shes always in her office.the  performance of the workers  at its best with Scott and Adam leading the team! Keep up the good work guys!
4	Really good meal tonight at Arby's. I got the Chicken Bacon & Swiss (without the honey mustard) and curly fries. Had to wait a few minutes but all the food came out hot & fresh. I was surprised to see the amount of fries that were in the small! Arby's was on point today.
4	Decent service and food is about par with other Arby's - either you like it or you don't.  I liked their curly fries.
1	I inquired about a diaper changing table, since I did not see one in the lady's bathroom. One of the employees suggested (in front of the manager) that I ... wait for it ... change my daughter's diaper on one of the dining tables!Um, uh, what?!?! I should expose a dining table to urine and feces? Yeah, I guess. We don't have a changing table? Really? Am I being punked? On a table?Yeah, sure.Needless to say, I didn't want to eat good prepared by people that run a place to think it's a good suggestion to change a diaper on a dining table. I went to Burger King next door.
