5	I love attending Concerts on the Square! Every Wednesday, typically from late June through early July, the Wisconsin Chamber Orchestra sets up stage on the Capitol grounds at 7pm to provide Madisonians with a weekly free concert. Each week is themed (from Classical to Disney and everything in between). Get there a little early, brings chairs or a blanket, have a picnic or enjoy food and drinks from local vendors. A great way to spend a nice summer's eve!
4	Loving me some Concerts on the Square. Nothing beats packing up a small picnic basket, grabbing a blanket, and enjoying the wonderful performances. The fact that they're offered free of charge is mind-boggling. It gets crowded early, and traffic is usually a nightmare. If you can, ride your bike or take the Metro to avoid the headaches. You can usually find a spot somewhere around the square where you'll be able to hear the music; you just may not be able to see the performers in certain places.I've found that a nice picnic blanket makes a world of difference; I sourced a waterproof quilt-like thing that is just superb for events like this. JJ Cole Collections makes it - look online to find one.The themes for the performances vary by night; we've heard everything from harmonica features playing Beach Boys tunes to spoken word ensembles to Disney themes. It's never the same from night-to-night.Pro-tip (aside from getting a good blanket): get yourself some Ernie's Kettle Corn. They're located on the corner of Hamilton and North Pickney. $3 will score you a good-sized bag of this sweet and salty popcorn/crack. It's so addictive and tasty!!
5	It is wonderful to hear good music and share good food, drink and conversation with good friends. This is one of the best things about a great town. When our mothers were alive, they loved to go with us to the concerts. It gave them a chance to help feed us, which ranked as high on their favorite things to do as spending time with us. Remembering them also adds a nice dimension to the experience.
5	Yes. More.Like MONTHS more. Why, why must you end after 5 weeks. (such a tease)
5	A Madison summer classic.Grab a picnic blanket, some snacks (I recommend cheese, sausage, & crackers), and a bottle of wine and enjoy an evening outside listening to music!It doesn't get much better than that.
5	Concerts on the square is one of those things that makes Madison, "Madison."  Do you like picnics?  I do.  With wine?  Yep.  The Wisconsin Symphony?  Yes, please.This is the superbowl of picnicking.  Better bring your game.  People go all out to execute the perfect picnic.  BYOP--3 course minimum.  Cheese and meat plates for appetizers, some awesome main dish out of one of those summer cooking magazines, and a fruit cobbler for dessert.  This is my routine (with help of the girlfriend).  ((lots of help from the girlfriend)).They're held on Wednesdays.  You're allowed to show up as early as 3pm to put down your blanket to claim a spot.  Most people will return around 6pm to start munching and wine sipping.  The orchestra starts at 7pm and lasts till about 8:30.  Such an awesome way to enjoy the summer.  I think they have only 5 concerts per summer... don't miss it!
5	Always a good time!There are some rules about how early you can stake out a spot and other rules about general courtesy, otherwise, it is pretty much a free for all. Get there early (or get your friends to get there early), and don't forget your wine and cheese!
5	Pack a picnic and grab some wine! Concerts on the square is a great way to spend a warm summer night in Madison. Concerts are Wednesday nights in June/July---check the website for dates.You can start putting blankets down at 3pm to save a spot. Most people put a blanket down and come back around 5 or 6pm. Traffic is terrible. If you can avoid it, I wouldn't recommend driving.There are lots of food tents serving delicious food if picnics aren't your style.If you run out of wine, head over to Square Wine Co. to grab another bottle!
5	One of my favorite activities during the summer in Madison.  Grab a blanket, bring some food and a beverage or two (note that alcohol is allowed) and lay back and enjoy.  It's a great social scene to be apart of.Tip:  You can start claiming spots starting at 3:00 pm by laying down a blanket.  Spots fill up quick, so if you are a large group, best to get down there early!
5	I was in town for training and accidently found this concert. Def. a very classy place to listen to some music and support local hot spots!
