1	My bestie and me have been trying different places in south Phoenix to find which nail salon we like the best and went here based on someone's recommendation.   Um, not again!  The girls that work there are really nice and can hold a conversation in English but that's about it.  The paint from our pedis chipped, mine the next day.  And our nails started lifting not even a week later, I get hers lifting a bit since she works in healthcare, but I don't work and don't do anything where my nails would be lifting that quickly.  We both got our brows waxed and since we spent more than $50 it was free but would gladly rather pay for it if they are going to do it right.  Might not have been so bad if they didn't rush us to get to other people.
5	I am happily abandoning my nail salon to come here.  They do a FANTASTIC job, their designs are A++.  My set is nice and thin, looks really natural, feels great, and doesn't have that sore "new set" feeling.  The prices are fair as well.  I am going to address the review below me and tell the reviewer that if you let nail techs wax your brows, you are an idiot, and their bad job is irrelevant, as nail techs are not licensed or trained to wax. You should be seeing an aesthetician for waxing, or at the very least a hairdresser.  You do realize that waxing removes the top layer of your skin and is a bacteriological hazard?  You let people who put a sign in their nail salon pull your skin off?  Your fault.  Do your research.  It is your responsibility to make sure that the licenses posted on the wall are current and include all of the services that you are paying the technician to perform.  You are lucky that the worst thing that happened is that your brows looked ugly.  They will grow back.  You could easily have ended up with your skin lifted and ended up with permanent scarring.  Get it together, girl.
4	Wife gets pedicures here every month or so. Every now and then she drags me along for a foot scrub.  Not a pedicure, mind you, just a manly procedure whereby all the dead skin and garbage on your feet from doing manly things is removed.  Not a pedicure.  They do a fantastic job and don't make it feel like you're getting a pedicure or make it uncomfortable in any way.  Great place for men and women alike - in fact the love of you life will take pleasure in seeing the pain in your face as your feet are scrubbed down.
3	Am I ever going to find a great nail spot in South Phoenix? Ugh.. There were no magazines while waiting in front, and my nails chipped the second day after having them  filled. I type, I do not hammer in nails all day.. There is no reason for gel nails to chip this fast. I will give them another chance in hopes it was a fluke, because the guy that did my fill was really nice. Update to follow.
5	I am sooo picky when it comes to my nails and toes and this place really does a nice job. I go there every week for a manicure - the polish stays on for the enitre week. And I get a pedicure about once a month and I have yet to be disappointed. Often times, at places you think "you get what you pay for" but, here you get much more than what you pay for!
3	Location, location, location...they are a mile away and I always get serviced right away.Basic mani/pedi nothing special.I wish they gave a better pedi for the money but I feel that way about most nail salons in AZ, they could all try a little harder.
2	I arrived before 10am so the place was empty.  A woman greeted me, asked me to pick my color and I sat down...before I knew it, 7 sleepy eyed, yawning Vietnamese women strolled out from the back room...I think they were all sleeping back there and I woke them up.Mediocre at best pedicure...foot massage was more like a light pat that lasted a minute.  Before I knew it, it was over. Worst part,  I spent extra for a spa pedicure, which wasn't the $$$.  Gel manicure was just OK.. nothing special. For $72 (with tip) I found this to be well overpriced for the uninspired service.
4	Took my 9 year old daughter here for a "date" on Sunday afternoon.  I was impressed.  It is not super fancy or sparkling clean but it was still decent.  We were seated at 2pm on the massage chairs for a pedicure with our feet soaking in hot water.  We were left there to chat and adjust the massage pressure/location for about 25 minutes.  Then we got our pedicures including a little massage and hot rocks.  My daughter even had big flowers painted on her toes.  I think the cost is very reasonable.  I was charged $17 for my daughter and $22 for myself.  The lady did a wonderful job on the trimming of my nails and cleaning them up.  I will be back.
3	This place consistently has SLOW service, but I end up here often because they stay open so late. They do a decent pedicure but skip any designs because the price will amp up to $30 really quickly and for me $30 is a bit high for feet! The workers here are friendly but they don't speak much English so I suggest you bring your own music or watch the one TV they have mounted in the back. A lot of Ghetto Bird clientele so don't be surprised if you hear someone going bananas on their "baby daddy" via cell phone.  Oh yeah, great Massage Chairs here.
3	I came to Legacy because it is close to my house and I was desperately in need of a pedicure. I usually drive out of my way to go to another spa, but their service was making it not worth the drive anymore, so I needed to find something closer. I went in on a Sunday afternoon and they were able to take me back right away. Its nothing too fancy inside, but nice and clean. I'm usually not into massage chairs because they are almost always broken but the chairs at Legacy were actually pretty nice and worked well. The woman working on my feet was pleasant and did a thorough job. The sugar scrub was nice, the massage was ok. She did a nice design on my toes which I always like. My only complaint is the price and lack of a la cart options. I don't usually care for the massage and sugar scrub, but I wanted my feet scraped so I had to choose the more expensive option that included this service. All together with the designs and tip I paid $45... At my old spa I got all of these services for $25. I may need to give my old place a third chance, but I will probably continue to come to Legacy for basic touch up pedis which look to run $15.
4	I've never been here before but its in a common shopping area for me close to my house. It's clean with a good atmosphere. Oh, and they just gave my daughter a valentines day heart balloon as I am writing this. The woman doing my feet is very friendly and held good conversation with me. Her name is Tina. She is doing an excellent job! I really like it here. They hooked up my daughter's nails for only $5. My pedicure was a bit pricy though at $35 for the special. The price is the only reason they don't get 5 stars from me!
2	I come to this place quite a bit but I'm gonna start seeking other options because it seems like the people here get even more rude.  I walk in and the owner and her friend or employee were speaking in their language and I waited until they finished because it's rude to interrupt people when they're talking but then it's rude not to greet a potential customer.  The girl that did my pedicure was rude as ever and I hate to stereotype people but it was necessary in this situation. She did a good job but was rude as hell. I didn't wanna give her a tip but luckily I came here right after church and the sermon stuck with me. Had this been a Saturday she wouldn't have received a dime. And also if you don't mind ghetto hood boogers screaming at their kids telling them to sit they ass down then you've come to the right place. I'm done with this place for good
3	Service standard was cuticle etc but no callus clean. The guy who did my nails didn't satisfied me. The nails didn't paint straight and over the cuticle. Since I have to go for another appointment, I don't have a time to wait for them to fix. This is my first time in here. I might go back someday and try with other staff. The basic price was $15. I added $15 for gel.
1	Do not go here! After receiving acrylic nails here I had a patch of fungus underneath my nail. Never in my life have I had this issue with any other nail salon. I've heard horror stories but not I'm in one. They're equipment is either not properly sterilized or their technique is lacking. Never going to step foot in this place again!
