4	Gave this a try this afternoon while they were parked at Coffee Buddha with PGH Taco Truck. Nice selection of specials with some sandwiches and I think there was mac and cheese on the menu as well. We just wanted to get a basic taste for the first time.We ordered the make your own-pepper jack, cheddar, bacon, and a side of sauce to dip the sandwich in. The sandwich was nicely browned, perfectly crisp, and the right amount of melt.Will definitely try them again. Will venture into their actual specials next time!
4	I've patronized the Oh My Grill truck a few times and tried several menu offerings....but the Number One always gets me.  It's smoked gouda with bacon and carmelized onions and it has become one of my favorite sandwiches.  They also have the Sicilian and a make your own option.  But, I mean, it's grilled cheese.  It's comfort food and it's comfort food with unique options.  You're not going to hate it.I love supporting the food trucks because you can tell that the people running them really enjoy what they do.  Service at the OMG truck is always friendly and grateful for the business.  The only thing I don't like is the $7 cost.  But that's not enough to keep me from going back for more.
4	Very tasty! Got the Number One, great sandwich with great sauce for dipping!
5	Tried them for the first time today.  I can take or leave grilled cheese sandwiches, but the number 1 was delicious. : )
5	I've hit up this truck several times at various locations and every time it is glorious.   It's such a simple concept of gourmet grilled cheese but executed perfectly.    It's even better that they include a dipping side appropriate to the sandwich being sold as well.  My personal belief is that this is the best food truck in the city area that I have hit up, and I am a fan of a good food truck.   Though every sandwich I have had has been great check out the Number One which is no less than grilled cheese perfection with Bacon and Gouda.
4	The Number One is my number one!For some reason I can't stray from the smoked Gouda, caramelized onions, and bacon. I love the fresh bread and the dipping sauce, whatever it's secret is, it's safe with me. Pretty much because I have no clue what the sauce is, only that it's good!I haven't tried any of the sides, but I'd imagine they're just as good as the grilled cheese sammiches!
3	Finally tried this food truck at the Tar and Feather event at Wigle Whiskey tonight.  My friend and I arrived a little after 7 and got in line immediately afterward, since we were both very hungry.  The line moved extremely slowly, and it was over an hour before we were served.  By the time we were able to order, they were out of the side that we both wanted (pasta salad), which was disappointing.  We both ordered the Number One, and when it finally came up, we agreed that it was "pretty damn savory," as was the chive and cream dip that came with it.  So, win on the food angle.Having said that, was it worth an hour's wait?  I'm afraid I have to say no, since to me, it had better be haute cuisine to justify that kind of wait.  While I understand that good food takes time to make, my time is valuable, too.  Even after we'd ordered, it took a good ten minutes for our order to come up.  At an event as packed as this one, that's way too much time.  Clearly, they need to streamline their process or hire someone to help.  There is such a thing as being a victim of one's own success (cf. Burgatory).I'd recommend this food truck only if the line is reasonable.  Given my experience, I feel that I need to dock a star.  Since the grilled cheese was very good, I'll award 3.5 stars, but I can't justify increasing my rating to a 4 until they learn to get a move on at busy events with a line of ravenous people waiting.EDIT: Two women standing behind us decided after waiting for 15 min. that the line was moving too slowly and decided to patronize another food truck--so we're not the only ones with this complaint, and they're losing sales due to this problem.
4	I had been wanting to try oh my grill since last year during the final home game for the pirates I spotted it packing up because they had sold out of food so I knew it had to be just that good. I went to a food truck round up at Coffee Buddha and finally had the chance to partake in the grilled cheese and I was not disappointed!  I ordered the number one-smoked gouda,carmelized onions, and bacon with a potato soup dipper. The potato soup dip absolutely made this sandwich! Grilled cheese is hard to go wrong with but it was just that much better with the soup dip. I saw a lot of people getting their mac and cheese which I will have to try the next time. I love a good grilled cheese and this just hit the spot!
