5	We were in Scottsdale for a baseball tournament and were headed to our resort. Our plan is always to go to the supermarket to pick up snacks and breakfast items so that we do not have to eat out every single meal. We had already been in AZ for a day and had a few baseball games when we drove by again. Armed now with the need for many snacks for double headers and the convenience of the TJs to our resort, I decided to stop. The place was crowded, but did not feel that way. It is a pretty spacious store with a good layout. I ran in while SG stayed in the car resting. I felt like a kid in the candy store. I was hungry and Tjs has the best stuff! I grabbed fruit, yogurt and granola for breakfast. Some ice cream bars for dessert. And several bags of trail mixes for out on the field. I am not a sunflower seed fan, but needed something nut like to fit in in the stands at the game, so I picked up some spicy pistachios, mmmmmm. The young man who rung up the order was very nice and asked me about the Pre world series baseball game that would be on TV that night and made a little conversation. And then it was off with my treasure!Tj's is the best! And this one is in a good spot , good prices, open really early in the morning (before 8am), and some super nice people work there!
5	When it comes to Trader Joes, I think this location really takes the cake.  Even with it being across the parking lot from Whole Foods, the place is always busy and always full of happy employees.  I enjoy their fruit section which is not something I usually find appealing at other Trader Joes.  Great selectionGreat producePlenty of parkingFriendly employees
4	Trader Joe's has a great selection of fairly priced foods.  This location opened somewhat recently and has become a favorite of mine because of its more spacious floor plan (relative to most other TJ's).  The only gripe I have is that the parking spaces can be a bit limited.
4	Before I shop at Whole Foods (which is on the same lot), I buy organic produce at TJ's because it tends to be much less expensive.  Also a fan of the delicious frozen gluten-free pancakes, the organic vegetable pizza (which you can microwave in a pinch), the gluten-free ginger cookies, the should-be-illegal-they're-so-delicious lemon madeleine cookies, and the canned cat food, which has a minimum of junk.  Hubby also loves their frozen chocolate bananas.  I just wish that all of the TJ's stores stocked more organics.
4	this is a great trader joe's! i especially appreciate the live plant selection here ... other locations, like arrowhead and camelback, seem to sell out of live plants quickly, but this one always has beautiful ones available. and they come with excellent care instructions, which make them a great hostess gift. the produce selection feels small to me, but what is available is always fresh and ready to eat. hard to find items like pomegranate seeds are pretty much always available and healthy stuff like almond meal and flax (whole or ground!) are always available and inexpensive. even when the local chain grocery is out of strawberries, trader joe's delivers. oh, and do not fear the pre-packaged sushi - it is delish!
5	The hardest part of going gluten-free for me is the sweets... I had some genetic-gift of being able to eat all the sugary stuff I want without really gaining any weight... at least I thought it was a gift... until my doctor told me that the digestive issues that I have suffered my whole life - one that  really kicked in this past year - is caused by my consuming gluten. She said that if I continue to eat that way, my pain would get worse and I could even be at risk for cancer or a paralyzed colon... I just know it sucks because I am forced to change my diet. Trader Joes has been a life-saver though... with a gluten-free butter cookie that tastes sooooo gooood! It's like it's a regular cookie - verses some of the cardboard-chew I am finding. I don't know the name of the cookie - but if you go into Joe's, their awesome people will point you in the right direction.  I LOVE IT - I LOVE IT - I LOVE IT!
5	This location has become my #1 favorite location in Phoenix.  I used to go to the one at Town & Country because it used to be closer to where I live, but it was always so congested in there--- like crazy busy that it seemed to ruin the experience.  This location at Tatum/Shea is much more roomier and not nearly as "mad-house"- ish.  The employees are so nice (well, most TJ employees are fabulous!) and helpful.  They will always go look something up for you or help you find what you need.  Around the holidays, they all have some of THE BEST holiday treats ever--- ranging from cookies, teas, chocolates, etc.  I can't even function in December without the Gingerbread Coffee or Winter BLend coffee.  The prices are unbelievable affordable and the packing of their products are so cute.  I really can't say enough great things about Trader Joes, if you have never been to one, I suggest you get moving to your closest location asap.
5	This location is the best in the area...by far! The next closest to me would be Town & Country - although that's a great location, it's terribly small and you are constantly bombarded by carts and people. There is hardly any space to move through the store whereas this location is larger, has a bigger selection and not nearly as busy all the time. The staff (as with all locations) are always super helpful and friendly. The items are constantly being stocked and they go out of their way to make sure you have everything you need.
5	Do you kow that last week they had bottles of wine for $1.99?  Now, let me tell you, I was beyond Skeptical.  (being the wine snob that I am).  But then I thought, well we do  get a lot of visitors who either don't care what we serve  or don't appreciate the $20/30/40 dollar bottles I like, so why waste them?  So, I got about 5 cases or red & white.  That was my biggest deal of the year.  (I'm just mad I didn't buy more and it's all gone now - the store, that is!)Fantastic place to pick up an instant picnic!Pita Puffs?!  I can scarf down a bag in 2 sittings. Coffee Beans? Can you say Organic & Free Trade?Chicken skewers? Fastest little meal to BBQ on earth.  French Thin-Crust Pizza with ham and Brie?  (OMG)Luv their imported things Moroccan Rosemary Almonds.Lemon Pepper in its own cute little grinder?  Can't do without it.Dim Sum - Fabby little snack ready in minutes, like their edamame & pot stickers.
5	This is my neighborhood store and I am so glad that it is, shopping here allows me to get a quick healthy meal or snack whenever I wish. The store is always clean and the staff is friendly. About 3 months ago when their ground turkey breast was in their Fearless Flyer  Ad and they couldn't keep it in stock, after my 3rd trip there I gave up on it and purchased a higher priced item but then asked the manager when would the next shipment arrive they told me the date gave me a card to call them to have the item held and refunded my money on the higher priced item making it free. You gotta love that kind of service. Oh and bananas for .19 cents each is always a treat.
5	This is the closest TJ's to me. The people are always friendly as usual with allTrader Joes stores. I regularly go on Sunday nights super busy, I buy the pre-made salads for my weekday lunches. I am a vegetarian so my favorites are Greek, Shrimp and southwest Yummy!Wine lovers go here for great deals on good wine, Some of my favorites I can only get here, organic Well Red, Zarafa Pinotage, the Sangiovese  for under 3 bucks. cant be em. Frozen veggies are a good deal and the meatless meatballs soo good with spaghetti squash and or just plain BBQ sauce. Also buy the hummus Eggplant or roasted red pepper.Produce is a little pricy. so I buy elsewhere like Sprouts or Sunflower. Cant go wrong with free samples and wine tastings daily.
5	This has out beat whole foods for sure!!  The quality of food, the variety and the cost you can not beat.  Some of my favorites are the pecan encrusted Salmon, White bean hummus, Goat cheese covered in blueberries, Vintage reserve cheddar cheese, Carne Asada. I Love their Well organic red wine and the Chariot Gypsy Red wine both $4.99!!  Buy them by the case because when they are gone they are gone!  I love their ready made salads as well.  You really cant go wrong in this store!  These are a few of my favorite things:)  And the customer service is  A +++++  Also right now a case of fresh organic nectarines $4.99 my kids ate them in 24 hours!
3	When travelling to the bizarre hellscape that is Phoenix, it's important to note that finding a good grocer is actually a bit difficult. The Whole Foods on Shea, for eg., sucks balls.I generally like TJ's and upon entering I had a comforting feeling after seeing that the selection here was on par with the TJ's I go to in CA. Also, I was tripping balls on veterinary grade tranquilizers.So, I traipsed around TJ's on Shea, perusing the delicious produce and procuring all sorts of organic, whole-wheat, products. I even got a little flower pot - I was in that sort of mood.Then I checked out and a friendly lesbian woman (edit: TJ's & lesbian = likely a redundancy) began scanning my shit and putting it in paper bags.And then I noticed she was fucking bleeding all over the place. Was this the tranqs playing with my mind? Nope, she had a flesh wound on her arm that was fucking bleeding on my shit. I pointed out to her, "It looks like you are cut" and she gave me a "Oh, ha. Yep." And then I look at my grocery bags and notice that there is fucking blood all over my shit. She was BLEEDING ON MY SHIT.So, 5 stars for the consistent selection. Minus 1-star for the blood on my shit. And minus 1-star for being in Phoenix, which is a racist-ass crazy city that wants to make it illegal to be brown, make Presidential candidates show proof of circumcision in order to get on the ballot, and kick hundreds of thousands of people off Medicaid because the fucking Mensa society candidates in office (Brewer, Kyl, Pearce, Kavanaugh, McCain, Arpaio, etc.) can't figure out how to create jobs in the state. Here's a tip: large multinational companies generally don't like crazy state legislatures.BTW, try the flax-seed pita crackers. They are delicious!
5	i love the staff at this store!the iced peach pops and ginger/ice cream are amazing
4	I really like this Trader Joe's. It's within walking distance to my place in cooler weather of course. The staff is super nice and friendly. I like all the natural personal care products they have. My dog really likes the holistic dog food. I love all the different flavored hummus and the tort they have. I also find the marinated packaged carne asada and Korean bolgogi pretty delicious. Trader Joe's prepared meals are great for people that live alone and they are pretty tasty and come in good portions. The only gripe I have is that they got rid of my special secret sauce. It was the garlic herb sauce in a glass jar and I used it for cooking and everyone used to compliment my shrimp and pasta dishes because of it. People would ask how i made it and i would say "it's my secret sauce" So bummed they discontinued it.
5	Grocery shopping is one of my favorite things to do. Seriously. I love discovering new products; even the potential of it! With a list, I'm compelled to go up and down every aisle. This is why I love Trader Joe's so much. First off, the stores are generally smaller than a traditional grocery store, so that whole "up and down every aisle" thing doesn't take as much tread off the ole tires. The price is ALWAYS right, at Trader Joe's. It's a great value, especially when you're shopping for one or two people. The quality of their products, most of which have the Trader Joe's label is superb! There have only been a few items that left me disappointed. (Not the best crab cakes, for example) Staples in my kitchen include the dry roasted and salted almonds, the dried mango, the mushroom turnovers, mini chicken tacos, tom yam soup (frozen), yaki onigiri (I can them "rice triangles"), lemongrass chicken stix (spring rolls), individually wrapped chicken (refrigerator section) and heat & eat falafel. I can eat -- and eat well -- for weeks on under $75! Also, the cioppino is surprisingly good, though it needs to be served over rice or pasta and I love the scent of the Orange Blossom Honey hand soap.So, technically though, I'm rounding up. There are 2 things that could make me love Trader Joe's more: if they carried coca cola products, and even more so, if there was a location in the 85020 zip code!
5	Loves me some Trader Joe's...Only disappointment I have is their tortellini.  Thank god I bought it for myself and not to make for company...more than half of it was garbage.  Oh well...everything else here is great--including the staff!
4	Cheap prices for high quality food, um win! Trader Joe's has a decent health food, organic produce, soups, snacks and frozen item selection. The stores are generally small and sometimes you can't find the same item twice in a row, thus not being able to cross everything off your shopping list, but that's how they are able to keep costs down. It's a give-take type of relationship. The cheese selection, however, is pretty impressive for the size of the store. Also, who doesn't love shopping in a Hawaiian theme store and buying $2 bottles of wine?
4	I love Trader Joe's! This location in particular is always well stocked and has super friendly employees. They keep my fridge well stocked and I love a lot of their pre-made items. Some of my recent favorites: Carne Asada, Pizza Thins, Tikka Masala Simmer Sauce, Biryani Rice, Hummos, and Frozen Tamales. I could go on for days. The wine selection is awesome for the size of the store and the sweets are addicting. They also have a great amount of vitamins and supplements. Now if they could only improve the produce section I wouldn't need to shop anywhere else.
5	Trader Joe's Cashier: Hey, weren't you here yesterday?Me: (Embarrassed) Uh... yes. But I came with different people this time!It's true. I could go to Trader Joe's every day of the week and never get bored. I make friends with the people behind the sample counter (I like to think they will judge me less for taking multiple samples if I am friendly). I have numerous favorite items that are TJ exclusives (ginger cat cookies, anyone?), and they are all priced so reasonably!This store is a bit small and always full of shoppers, but the workers are nice, the floors are clean, and if you can survive the parking lot the rest of the visit is stress free.
4	I'm a Trader Joe's junkie.  I get most of my food from here.  I love the atmosphere, selection, samples and of course the friendly employees.  The only thing I don't like is the seasonal availability.  You fall in love with something then you gotta wait a year to see it again!  Back home I had 2 stores closeby to choose from and watched as they opened up two in Manhattan (finally!).  So of course I move here and one of my requirements was to live near one (or more)!This location feels smaller than the one in Tempe, but much more streamlined.  Both are a bit out of the way for me,  but this one makes more sense since I do most of my shopping in Scottsdale.  There are less people shopping here (yay) and I feel like I can get in and out quicker.   The employees are always right there when you need them.  Bonus: It's right next door to The Vitamin Shoppe, so I can kill two birds with one stone (is that pc? ah well)! Next stop: the TJ's in Paradise Valley to compare.
5	I always make the mistake of bringing only one bag in with me, and then I end up buying 3 bags worth of groceries!! I could just walk up and down the aisles, filling my cart with every other thing I see. They have so many unique products. Cookie butter, anyone? The prices are terrific, although the meat is a little pricey. But everything else is priced great! I saw this documentary called "Dive" about TJ's, and I hope it isn't true, or at least this location doesn't do what the documentary portrays. I'll leave it at that.
5	Some more favorites to share:While THEIR crab cakes may not do it for me, I've invented my own using supplies from Trader Joe's: in the refrigerator section they sell a 1 lb. can of all claw crab meat for about $8! I mix this with 1/2 c. panko break crumbs, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons Trader Joe's Aioli Garlic Mustard Sauce and a couple shakes of louisiana hot sauce. It makes about 5 fairly large crab cakes which I pan fry in olive oil for about 4 minutes per side. Now, THAT's a crab cake! Another favorite concoction, thanks to Trader Joe's is their light champagne vinaigrette, black mission figs, crumbled goat cheese tossed with sliced red onion, arugula and a cut up apple -- it's an AWESOME salad!Dessert? Trader Joe's dark chocolate bar caramel with black sea salt -- F'n A!! There are NO words!
5	I admit it, I am a Trader Joe's junkie.  I love TJ's!  Their demo counter becomes part of my household staples.  Everything is so good and their Staff is always friendly and helpful!  Some of my favorites are:- Frozen mashed potatoes (ok, this is one of those items that it is almost embarrassing to admit that I don't make myself but, they are so darn good that if you tried them, you would understand)- Frozen breaded chicken tenderloin breasts- Wine Country pecan and cranberry chicken salad filling- White meat chicken salad filling- Frozen Mandarin Orange Chicken along with Veggie Fried Rice- Sliced cheese platter- Asiago bread - dip it in olive oil & balsamic vinegar...mmmmm- The red licorice from Australia- Frozen leeks (no more washing the dirt out of ever crevice!)- Oh the nuts!!!  The omega trek mix, sunflower seeds, pepitas, marcona almonds and dried cranberries- Potstickers- Frozen Thai Sticks- Mushroom Tortellini with asparagusIt is the best for Single Girl dinners:- Chicken Chile Burritos- Tikka MarsalaIf they were a publicly traded company, I would be the first to buy their stock!  Love them.
4	This past Sunday I had a FUNdraiser for a non-profit which helps bring holistic practitioners to do service globally.  TJ's donated the beverages for the event called 108 Sun Salutations Challenge.  We are so grateful for the generous donation and support of the mission of Seva Centers and it commencement event!  Special thx goes out to Ralph!
3	It's a typical Trader Joes - lots of interesting food and lousy parking. But what's really interesting is its location. This TJ's is located in the same parking lot as a Whole Foods and across the street from the fanciest Fry's Marketplace in town. If you can't find the organic or healthy food you want in one of these stores, it may not exist.My only question is, does Trader Joe's purposely pick locations with the worst parking ever? I've never found a TJ's with good parking.
3	Great place to grab some quick groceries.
5	my wife does our grocery shopping, but when i do my monthly bike ride on trail 100, i drive by trader joes and pick up things on our list. i'm always torn by trader joes. i like their prices, their products, their customer service. yet i always feel like it's full of uppity customers, often glaring at me for wearing sweaty, dirty mtn bike clothes, wal-mart flip flops, and not driving a car over 50k. it's a good thing i don't really care, because trader joes is for all us middle class yokels.
4	Well I can't really say much more than what has already been said by the many reviewers here.....but I can say that I am very glad there is a Trader Joes in my neighborhood. The have all the local.....organic....healthy.....and unique items just like all other Trader Joes. This one however is very clean.....very well organized and the customer service is world class....that's right world class. I know that sounds funny but in this day and time when everyone has the "ALL ABOUT ME" attitude......it is nice to go to your local shopping destination and find people who care about others and want to assist them in ANY WAY POSSIBLE. I really appreciate that kind of service....despite the fact that items here can be pretty expensive. However due to the quality of what is being sold.....paying a little more is acceptable. KUDOS to the staff and remember to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	What can I say about trader joes that hasnt been said before, its great and this review is more so for all trader joes of the world that equally rock faces.  And by rock faces I dont mean that in the UFC way where you will get injured or injure other customers in the store because thats rude and completely ridiculous but it rocks your face with deliciousness.  Its hard to find something I dont like at trader joes and at some times I'm like hey this is over priced then I buy wine thats fantastic and half the cost or a regular label at a normal store like Albertsons of which i truly hate.  I hate Albertons, im sorry they are terrible, that is all.
5	I love this Trader Joe's because everyone who works here is so nice and helpful.They also have the salad that I love and adore and want in or around my mouth always.And I've never had a hard time finding a parking spot.Sometimes people can't park their cars and pay no attention to anyone else in the lot and almost smack right into your quarter panel, but that isn't TJ's fault.
4	I wouldn't normally shop at Trader Joe's because the higher prices scare me, but I had a $25 gift card as a thank you from a pet sitting client. This TJ  was easy to find, located on the Northwest corner of Shea and Tatum, but parking was insane. Car were stopped in the middle of the lot waiting for other cars to exit their parking spot, blocking all through traffic. So annoying!!I shopped around for things I wouldn't normally buy at those higher prices and ended up with a container of 70 gummy multivitamins for nearly the same price I normally buy 150 at Target. I also got a guacamole dip mix ingredients in a cute little mesh bag, a bag of artichokes, and some multigrain nut bars. The store was clean, but that's to be expected in a grocery store.I had to wait in my car for cars to park and pass before I could get out of my parking space and the lot. I don' know how frequent shoppers put up with the poor parking situation. I know I wouldn't.
1	My abject disdain for Trader Joes continues and if not for the wife , I would not have stopped.This place is a lie.It portends to be healthy and organic, but the shelves are lined with processed sugar pulp. Cookies, marshmallows and the occasional guilt assuaging (yuk) seaweed crisps..Trader Joes, I'd ask you to shut your pie hole, but it's too full of, well, pies.
5	I am a fan of Trader Joe's in general, but this location is my favorite amongst those that I frequent. Parking: I'm always concerned I won't find a spot, but I always do. They have a lot of shady parking spaces. In Phoenix, that earns at least a star, right there!Staff: friendly, efficient and not too weird.Cleanliness of store: clean and organized. I haven't been to any TJ's that weren't.Product selection/prices: good to great. Of course, there are things you just can't get at TJ's but the stuff you CAN get is high quality. Grass fed NY strip steaks for 10.99/lb??? GET OUT!Biggest criticism is that sometimes the fruit is nasty! I've wasted money on inedible pints of figs, etc. It's hit or miss, though, some stuff is very good. I just don't concentrate my produce buying in TJ's. The biggest reason this is my favorite location is that it is not as cut-throat as the one on FLW Blvd. The Scottsdale Ladies up there are friggin' ruthless and make shopping a very unpleasant experience at times. Not TJ's fault at all, just a characteristic of that location.
4	LOVE all of the Trader Joe's.  This one, the parking lot is a little tough and an odd size for the location.  Otherwise, always great produce for a great price.  Always walk in and walk out with a ton of groceries without spending a fortune. Such a gem!
5	Great location. A little smaller than most but its the perfect location for me. Very clean, well organized store with an extremely friendly staff just like most  Trader Joes. Any time I have question about a product or need a suggestion (even if its a recipe suggestion.) The staff is always extremely helpful and seem to have a "this is the best day ever!" Attitude... Everyday.The only downfall of this location is the parking situation... ALWAYS hectic.All in all great location.
5	I swear every Trader Joe's I have been in, has such great customer service. Quite honestly, the best in the grocery business, and this location is no different. They always are so friendly, happy and helpful! Every single time I am checking out, they will make conversation and seem to really enjoy there jobs. Must be a great company to work for because they seem to hire fantastic people. Not to mention, love there produce and food in general! And the prices are reasonable. Just an overall, great experience!
5	Trader Joe's is a great place to get healthy/gourmet foods at comparable prices. Small country store feel. Very friendly employees. My son who has social anxiety can tolerate coming with me because it's a much smaller grocery store.
4	Great place to get some unique items or the basics all at good prices. We usually only get a few specific things here, but are always pleased. I love the "loosy" beer section.
1	I have been a regular customer at this Trader Joes for a couple years and I can tell you right now I have no plans of ever going back.  I went shopping yesterday and noticed there was corn in the organic section but it was not marked "Organic" because it was the genetically modified corn not Organic.  Most people probably just picked a few ears and went on their way with the rest of their shopping thinking they picked up "organic" corn.  I actually noticed the label did not state "Organic" so when I asked the produce boy working next to me when they would be getting Organic corn ears in, he responded condescendingly "we never have organic corn".  At this point I had to tell him that "Sprouts" has it in periodically.  You would have thought he owned the store, he went on a rant something like "Yeah, but they advertise we don't" so instead of being professional and saying something like he will make a recommendation, etc.  he stood there and tried to start an argument with me in front of the shoppers....  Then I walked over to get some Organic "green apples" and realized they didn't have any and came back to him and asked where are the Organic green apples.  He proceeded to point in the direction of where they typically are.  Need I say more he didn't even know or didn't want to say they didn't currently have any organic green apples.  At this point I knew speaking to the produce boy was not going to help because he was helpless and non-professional.  I then proceeded to the checkout and mentioned my unpleasant experience with the checker and he smelled like he had been drinking all day and could care less that I had a bad experience with an arrogant, clueless, rude  employee.  Looks like I will be giving  Sprouts and  Whole Foods my $$$ instead!
5	Where have I been? All this time I've been spending $$$$$$ at costco thinking I'm getting a great deal, when I never considered Trader Joes! I went in last week, loaded up my cart and thought that between all the organic items (organic butter!?) and other delicious foods I was looking at a $150 bill. I was rather blown away when it totaled less than $75!! The layout was super easy and efficient, and all the staff were friendly and happy. I have found my new spot to pick up all my family's tasty needs!
5	Since I changed to 100% plant based eating TJ's still fits the bill for great priced quality options. They even have a list of vegan foods that you can ask for to save you time while shopping. Of course many items are marked with the "V" to let you know what is vegan. Right now my favorites are the falafel wraps, soy yogurts and soy creamy ice cream. The staff is always friendly and helpful and when they see me with the list they offer to help me find the items listed.
5	I love Trader Joes for their fair priced products. I get their organic stuff. The best part about this store are the friendly employees. I especially like that big Teddy bear guy..i don't know how to be politically correct or properly describe him..i don't know his name. He's the big chocolate dream machine ? Is that ok?  You know who i'm talking about probably.  He deserves a raise for his wonderful friendly upbeat personality.. Give that man a bonus for making us all chipper when we go shopping there. I hope you know who i'm talking about.  Anyway, the food that they make in the back of the store for us to sample  is always superb. I know that the food in the store is usually delicious unlike when i go shopping at Whole Foods there isn't the same taste quality and satisfaction. The Trader Joes premade meals are really good especially the chicken pot pie, the turkey and mashed potatoes..yum.  The frozen foods are good..the edemame fried rice is delicious..the orange chicken is great.  And the sushi is low price and good.The only complaint i have is that i wish Trader Joes would show proof their label is non GMO.   I'm still hesitant to believe without proof as you know how corporations kind of sometimes lie to  we the people...NO..i didn't say that...   yes i did!     Also, i wish you wouldn't allow companies to put that food coloring in your foods..i see 'caramel color' added to the labels.who wants paint in their food?  Is that necessary?  I wish your salmon lox was from New Zealand..as i don't want U.S. fish anymore..since Fukishima because the govt is lying about the fact our ocean is filled with radiation and they don't care about the people getting cancer. I wish you imported from New Zealand or other countries in that area where the ocean may be safer.  I wish you had other oils like Safflower oil, organic.  I really don't want to go back to Whole Foods for anything.  I wish you had non gmo corn when in season..fresh. yum.  And i wish you sold puppies and cats. Penis extenders and garter belts. Just kidding on the last items. Not the penis extenders though..my boyfriend can use it. Oh, but i bet that big teddy bear chocolate love you have working for you probably doesn't need one. :)
5	Love this store. It is a weekly ritual for us to do our shopping and try something new so TJs definitely helps us with that. They are fast and friendly and provide a great experience each visit.
