4	It was one of my friend's birthdays the other week so I popped into this Body Shop to get her favourite White Musk perfume. Not the most imaginative gift but it something she always asks for and we used to buy it for each other every Christmas when we were at school together so it's a nice little memory for us. I love how scents can unlock memories and this one unlocks lots for me.I also purchased a nice natural sponge for myself, I really know how to go wild. I've been looking for one for a while. The staff in the branch are friendly and although not the largest store it's well stocked, bright and fresh.
4	Whilst lathering myself up in lashings of rose-scented shampoo and body butter isn't something that's near the top of my to-do list, there is something about the smell in The Body Shop that continually drags me in.It's just so clean, fresh and invigorating. I almost feel guilty now for having never once bought anything.
4	The smell of The Body Shop draws me in. I wander around thinking how much I would like to eat whatever it is I smell. I admire all the fruity products with colourful packaging and play with all the testers.Then I look at the price and think screw this I'm going to Boots for some Dove!
4	I want to eat everything in here. It just smells so delicious and looks even better. Their body butter is TO DIE FOR. Especially Pomegranate, it's absolutely delicious. Other favourites include Strawberry, Orange and Apple.The body shop is a shop dedicated to your body, and I often wish I could spend hours in here, but I often find the staff pounce on you and put pressure on you to buy something. Don't get me wrong, everything in here is a high quality, but I like to browse. It's amazing though!!
5	I've got a love/hate relationship with the Body Shop, the love being directed at their products and the hate at their prices.Although the Body Shop is quite a popular chain, I'm never amazed at the sheer deliciousness of the place everytime I step into one of their stores. They've put so much detail into each and every product I feel as though I'm in a one of a kind shop when I'm there.I've spent hours agonizing over their body butters, and my favourites, after trying quite a few indeed, have to be the coconut and almond ones. The body shop also used to sell a vanilla/chocolate smellgasm perfume, Amaretto, which I was sad to find out had been discontinued. Thankfully, the range of perfume oils definitely make up for this sad loss. The current sales going on, which are even better online, have instilled new faith in me about the Body Shop, and they do seem to be undergoing a general price reduction. It is a little silly though that it would take a whole recession for them to come to their senses!
5	Great store , really friendly service and good size store with just about everything they stock on the floor! All their products are so great and impact consciousness on global trade and resources !
