3	Everything is great but the staff! I've been there three times and every time I go the same girl is always working! Her nails are always very dirty... it is really gross.
3	Went here today and no dirty nails!! The staff (just the lady that was helping me) was really friendly and my ice cream was good. One thing that I found extremely odd and kinda inappropriate was the fact that one of the ladies working there asked my husband and I if we were at the hospital last night when her boyfriend got SHOT!! 0_o I must have gave her that "wth, have you lost your mind" look because she tried to explain really fast. This is how our conversation went - Crazy lady : Were you guys at the hospital last nightMe: .... what?!Crazy lady: You look like that couple that was in the emergency room when my boyfriend got shotMe: No, we weren't at the hospital last night. Wait, your boyfriend got SHOT?!?!Crazy lady: Yea, he got shot in his back. Are you sure you wasn't at the hospital? You guys look just like the couple I talked to last night... especially him (my husband). They said they wanted to know if he was okay.Me: ....definitely wasn't at the hospital (in my head I was thinking this lady is super weird and what was her boyfriend doing to get shot in the back?!) I felt so uncomfortable... probably not coming back.
4	I'm a fan of the chain - the overly decadent, humongously portioned servings of yummy ice cream creations!So it was where we headed to when I was visiting family in Pittsburgh. A like it portion of Chocolate Devotion to share with my wife - and the world is a happy place!The staff at this location was super nice too!
4	mmm mm so good! this place is delicious! the staff that works there isnt so helpful or nice but the ice cream is awesome! i will be back!
3	I got the shark week ice cream sundae and it was okay, not to much flavor.  Everyone else I was with however looked like they had some good stuff.  I will have to go back and try something else to be a better judge of how much I like this place
1	I just never have a good time here, no matter what the location.  I think Cold Stone Creamery is so over rated better to just save your money and go to Paige Dairy Mart.
1	The ice cream isn't that great and the workers look like they're half dead. No smile, no thank you, nothing. The tangerine sorbet also tastes like chemical ice.
5	I have never been so excited as I was the day that it was nice enough to go to Cold Stone. The lovely Cotton Candy ice cream really spoke to my wanting it to be spring/summer. I always think that I want to try another flavor, but I always go to my one true love, Cotton Candy. The bright blue color, the delicious taste. Why would you try anything else when perfection is found in this one flavor. I can't wait for my next trip out.
