3	Wa I liked about Big Wa the most wa the service.  They were attentive and polite without overdoing the service.I went with my oldest daughter and we split an appetizer and one entree.  The appetizer wa their version of crab rangoon - crab puffs.  They were pleasantly fluffy and plump with filling. The filling wa pretty good but could have used a little more crab.I can't remember what the name of the seafood dish wa.  It wa one of those dishes with a light white wine sauce and 6-7 types of seafood.  Most Chinese places have some version of this called "Happy Family" or "Ocean Delight" or "Little Mermaid Bits" or something like that.  Anyway, it wa pretty good, the seafood wa not overdone which I always appreciate.Prices were the going rate, so we walked out after an appetizer and our "Seafood Medley" for about $16 bucks.
2	Aspires to mediocrity
3	Wouldn't say it's the best Chinese food I've had, but certainly not the worst either.Stopped in here for a quick lunch one day while driving by the area, and for the total of $9 I spent (including tip), I was happy I made the pit stop.Ordered the chicken and broccoli lunch special.  What a deal!  For $5.75 you get soup, egg roll (one of the best parts of the meal actually), crab puff (way more puff than crab) and the entree and rice.  PLENTY to eat.  You won't leave hungry that's for sure.  The broccoli was fresh, and chicken tender.Service was good (didn't have to wait too long for them to re-fill my water - which is just one of my tests for good service!).If I'm in the area during lunchtime, I would not hesitate to stop in again.
3	Big Wa is CLOSED! We called for take out on Saturday and no one answered the phone.  On Sunday night, we stopped by the restaurant and saw that there was a sign.  Apparently, there was a lien on the restaurant.  Oh well.
4	Now called Chen's (not to be confused with the Chen's restaurant on Gilbert and Riggs). Stopped here for lunch and for $5.50 got alot of food. Sweet n Sour chicken w/rice, small salad, hot n sour soup, and an eggroll. with my drink my bill was under $8 and I did not even finish all my food.
