2	Located in the most haunted graveyard of Edinburgh, this shop sure sells overpriced souvenirs. It's the stuff that would appeal to small kids or work perfectly as a joke, but to be fair most of the stuff you buy here will loose their novelty quickly and end up either at your local charity or at the back of your shelves. Basically, they are creepy and gory stuff you find in most "scary" gift shops around the city, from plastic gooey eyeballs to witch puppets and spooky stories of Edinburgh. And there sure are plenty of stories!The shop is certainly wee, and the staff are friendly enough, if not terribly bored to be surrounded by this gimmicky stuff. What works is that if you are after something along the lines I described above, then it all seems to be congregated in this one room just at the entrance of the graveyard.
4	When I first crept into the graveyard a couple of years back, I nearly wet my pants at how exciting this tiny little crypt of a shop is!It sells all sorts of creepy curiosities, supernatural ornaments and a selection of books. I don't know if I got caught up in the atmosphere and expected to be met with a chalk faced ghoul, but the shop assistant is actually really bright and friendly! Not to mention informative.Its small size and ramshackle appearance makes this place utterly delightful....if you like graveyards and oddities. Which as it so happens, I do. Small, unique, and worth popping in to speak to the assistant if you're wanting a tip off on the ghost tours. Go on, I dare you!
3	Located in Greyfriars Graveyard, The Creepy Wee Shop in the Graveyard is a bizarre little oddity. I remember being hoarded in here when I went on a ghost tour of the graveyard last year. It was pitch black outside and we had to come in here to collect our tickets. I remember nearly tripping over a rubber rat that was just chilling on the floor which just made the whole experience even more surreal. If graveyards are your thing then why not come here to get a souvenir to say you've popped into Edinburgh's most famous one.
