5	The food is great. The employees are friendly, helpful and curteous. The place is spotless- always. You can get a great hot lunch. The menu selection varies from day to day. But it's always very good. And they make frozen dinners you can take home and cook. Everything about this place is much better than Donatellis. What's not to love?
5	Living near Groceria Italiana is like having my Italian family nearby.  Easy access to excellent food.  Homemade pasta, sauce, desserts, etc.Their ready to eat food is delicious.  There is no reason a meatball sub should be a weekly part of my diet - but I can't help myself.  Everyone that works there is so helpful.  I've had a few parties catered by them - and they were overwhelmingly gracious.  I highly recommend stopping in this place to grab dinner - either for ready made food or their pasta and sauce.  You're about 10 minutes away from deliciousness.
5	It's a nice small and authentic market that's just one block off the main strip. I absolutely love this place! If you come at the right time, you'll be able to see the fresh ravioli being made right in front of you.
5	7/31 - Move to Bloomfield.8/1 - Go to Groceria Italiana.8/3 - Go to Groceria Italiana.8/4 - Go to Groceria Italiana.8/5 - Go to Groceria Italiana.It's just that damn good. This place is what it would be like if your Italian grandmother opened a grocery store near you, so that you could still enjoy her homemade goodness while you're away. Everything I've had from the hot foods table is phenomenal -- the oft-touted meatball sandwiches, the eggplant parm, the stuffed peppers (brought 'em home to my dad dahn in Washpa, and he said it was THE best stuffed pepper he'd ever had), the chicken cacciatore, the Italian sausage, the rotini with meat sauce, and the pepperoni rolls. OH, the pepperoni rolls! They're big, they're stuffed with quality pepperoni and cheese, they're crispy on the bottom, and have what I consider the determining factor in what makes a pepperoni roll awesome -- tons of burnt cheese crusted on the outside. (Side note: If you want a pepperoni roll and are in Bloomfield, come here; don't go to Pizza Italia.) But, it doesn't stop there. It's easy to walk straight over to the hot foods and ignore the rest of the store, but don't. The freezers are packed with good food glory! Grab a bag of the frozen, homemade gnocchi and a quart of the marinara sauce (kept in the cooler with salads), and you've got an incredible meal in 5 minutes flat. The gnocchi are perfection -- dense, yet light, and the flavor screams, "I'm homemade! Boxed, pre-packaged gnocchi ain't got nothin' on me!" I'm going to buy 4 more bags of them today. They also have frozen, homemade pierogies (haven't tried 'em yet), pastas, sausages, Italian ice, and -- drumroll, please -- tiramisu. There's a sign on the front door that says, "We have the best tiramisu!" and they are not lyin'. It's phenomenal. Because of that, it's also super dangerous stuff. Diet-ruining, can't-stop-eating kinda stuff.They have a nice li'l selection of pantry stuff, too -- quality olive oils, vinegars, anchovies, olives, spices, mayo, etc., as well as a small refrigerated section with milk, and some local produce, like lettuce, cukes, tomatoes, etc. This is definitely a place you can pop into to try and avoid a Giant Eagle run!Last, but not least, something good to know: I asked one of the guys working there if they had certain days of the week designated for certain dishes, and he said, "No, the two ladies just come in early and see what's in the kitchen and make whatever they feel like making that day!" I love that. Somebody's grandma really is making this food, and you can tell it's all made with lots and lots of love. Groceria Italiana, I will be patronizing you for years to come!
5	I consider myself a lucky girl to live in Pittsburgh's own Little Italy (although it has taken it's toll on my waist line, truth be told). Two separate and delicious family owned Italian grocery stores and countless amazing restaurants.Groceria Italiana is one of those quintessential corner stores that make you think of the way things may have been when your parents were young.If you're one of those on the go-doing a million things at once types who rarely find the time to cook a meal, look no further than the hot food options they offer. It's that perfect delicious comfort food that these up coming autumn days.Skip out of work early and make a pit stop here on your way home, you'll thank me later.
5	I hit this spot everytime I visit Bloomfield for a haircut.  The homemade ravioli and Italian sub are my favorite!
5	Delicioso!I shopped here today for the second or third time. I had previously tried some of their desserts which were very tasty! Today, I tried a small sampling of their pasta and meatballs and purchased an amazing loaf of bread and Turner's milk (which is by far the best milk I've ever tasted). The employees are very nice, and the owner seems like a real gem. If more small businesses were like Groceria Italiana, we wouldn't have chain stores!
5	I first visited Groceria Italiana as part of a Bits and Bites tour.  We had returned from Rome only three days before, so I was skeptical of most things American that claimed to be Italian.  I was pleasantly surprised by the store!  As part of the tour, I was able to sample meatballs and pasta.  They were very tasty and left you wanting more.  We bought several types of ravioli, two types of their home made pasta, some meatballs, fresh bread and a few other items.   I can't wait to make some amazing Italian meals at home with their products.  I wish we were closer to Bloomfield.  We'd be back much more often than we likley will be.  That being said, I found the store awesome enough that I'd take a trip to the area just to return to the store.
4	Best Tiramisu ever! But a sub-standard attitude? I was flying to Florida to visit my sister and wanted to gift her the tiramisu. Reached the shop 15 minutes before closing time and was treated to rude customer service. I was told that the store generally closes earlier than the closing time as there is a lot of cleaning. Well I do sympathize with that, but I dont see that as a reason to deprive a fan of some divine Tiramisu!
5	What can I say about Groceria Italiana that hasn't already been said? PLEASE OPEN ANOTHER LOCATION! The south hills needs a place like this. If I didn't live so gosh darn far away, I'd be here multiple times a week. I stopped back to Groceria Italiana after a food tour in Bloomfield a few weeks ago to pick up a few things for dinner. I decided to purchase the special- sausage ravioli because the owner had informed us that everything is made in house. Even the suasage is ground and tested in house before putting into the ravioli. I also left with marinara sauce and pepperoni bread. The pepperoni bread was light, fluffy and delicious. The ravioli is easily the best ravioli I have ever had. Each little pocket of heaven was hand made and was slightly different in shape and size from each other. The tall tale sign that they were pressed by hand. We followed the directions on the box and BAKED (not boiled) them in sauce. I've literally thought about those ravioli every time I have had italian food since. If you are anywhere near this place, stop in immediately!
5	Groceria Italiana is seriously our favorite place to go for any of our Italian food needs. The staff has always been incredibly nice to us, and they'll remember you after only one or two trips. Great people! You can tell it's a family-run business!Of course, even if the service was awful, I would probably be able to overlook it for the food! The pastas that we've tried are all really good. The ravioli is excellent! We like their lasagnas, but haven't quite perfected how to cook them in the little pan. They just never crisp up for us, but it doesn't really matter. The flavor is still a winner. Be warned, though...the lasagnas are VERY cheesy (which I love), but that might not be everyone's thing. My go-to would be the eggplant lasagna or cheese ravioli if I was in a heavy pasta mood. If you get their plain pastas, you won't be disappointed, either. There's just something about fresh pasta that can't be beat!Their pepperoni rolls, if you're there early enough to get one, are my another favorite. They practically taste like pepperoni croissants...and who wouldn't want that? Not to be overlooked by my sweet-tooth having self are the desserts. The almond cream cake and the tiramisu are two of my favorite desserts around. Just let them sit out to thaw for 20 minutes, and then allow yourself to be overwhelmed by the deliciousness! The tiramisu just blows my mind. We usually buy two when we go...and they don't last more than a day!If you're not in the mood to do your own cooking, you can always hit up their prepared foods section, too (where you'll find the pepperoni rolls). The meatballs are soooooo good, but don't forget to grab a batch of their marinara!Places like this are too wonderful to overlook. I'm just bummed that it took me 7 years of living in Pittsburgh to find out about Groceria Italiana!
4	What Groceria Italiana does best is prepare Italian dishes such as lasagna, ravioli, and pasta for customers to reheat at home. I bought some meat, cheese & spinach ravilois to heat up at home. Your instructed to bake them for 45 minutes at 350 deg F on a layer of pasta sauce; if you follow these instructions, then they will come out great.I also picked up a bag of 12 perogies for $4 which are the best I have found at that price in Pittsburgh.My favorite part is the deli counter where you can pick up both American and Italian specialty deli meats such as capicolla, prosciutto, and sopressata. The sopressata is housemade and fantastic.The staff is very friendly and helpful. Don't hesitate to ask questions if you're unsure about something as they'll most likely be able to point in the right direction.I'll likely upgrade GI to four and a half stars when I am permitted to do so.
5	My review will be short and sweet.  I AGREE with everything everybody had to say about this wonderful little Italian store in Bloomfield.  I hate grocery shopping (especially big store grocery shopping like Giant Eagle) but love to shop in this lovely little store.  Prepared foods are fantastic and the lunchmeats are always fresh and delicious.  I always manage to find everything I need here.  I am Italian and grew up with grocery stores just like this.  I feel like I am home every time I enter.
2	I had such high hopes. And though they clearly pride themselves in their pasta and ravioli, mine fell apart like crazy. It was a mess. An expensive mess. Artichoke and Gorgonzola everywhere. Not only the seams fell apart. The pasta broke all over. I may go back for tiramisu in time, but I'll definitely hesitate before spending 9 bucks on a dozen pieces of watery mess again.
5	I visited after work last Fri. to pick up dinner.  I considered getting the raviolis, but decided against it because (1) I already had some frozen raviolis in the freezer (though I'm sure theirs are much better); (2) They're not cheap, at $7ish per box; (3) I wanted a hot take-out dinner.  Since I'd heard good things about the pepperoni rolls but had never tried a pepperoni roll, I asked the guy working behind the counter if they had any.  He confirmed that they did, so I bought one of them plus a tiramisu, which came to about $12.Upon arriving home, I decided to heat up the pepperoni roll in the toaster oven.  It was excellent, with light and fluffy but substantial bread, plenty of pepperoni slices, and a layer of mozzarella cheese.  While I liked the flavor, it occurred to me that some marinara sauce would make it even more flavorful, so I heated up some in the microwave and proceeded to dip the roll in the sauce as I ate it.  (As a newbie to pepperoni rolls, I don't know if this is a common practice.)  Ideally, I should have asked if they had any marinara sauce for dipping, since a higher-quality marinara sauce would have been even better.  Oh, well--I'll do that next time.The tiramisu was even better than the pepperoni roll.  I've had tiramisu a couple of times, but I don't seek it out since I'm not a huge fan of coffee-flavored desserts.  This tiramisu is addictive, however, and the espresso-soaked ladyfingers had me wanting more every time I ate a piece.  Even if you're not a big tiramisu fan, I'd suggest trying their version--it's tiramisu the way tiramisu should taste.Perhaps the most notable thing about this store is that the majority of products appear to be homemade (i.e., non-commercial).  Aside from the items I've already mentioned, they have an assortment of cheeses, pasta, and pizzelles.  I look forward to visiting again and partaking of some more Italian goodness soon!EDIT: I tried the sun dried tomato basil ravioli, and they were absolutely delicious. Just make sure to bake them according to the directions--the reviewer who said they fell apart on him obviously tried to boil them.  Looking forward to trying more delicious flavors of raviolis soon!
4	Out of 5:4.0 - spinich linguini4.0 - garlic herb pasta linguini2.5 - fettucini: Harder to ensure separation, unlike the linguini 2.0 - gnocchi1.5 - Ham Capicolla4.0 - tuscan bread: fresh and soft throughout.  on select days it isn't as good, but most of the time it is awesome.
5	I love this place! So far I've been there twice for pepperoni rolls, once for pizza crust and pizza sauce, and another time to grab some frozen ravioli. Everything has been super tasty, especially the pepperoni rolls that everyone have been raving about. We got the prosciutto ravioli to cook at home and it was tasty! I would also recommend buying pizza crust here because it's super cheap and much better than any store bought crust. Some of the prices are high (I think it was $8 for ravioli), but you do get a good amount and everything is legit so I think it's worth it! They also have a meat/cheese counter and a small menu of hot prepared foods ready to go!
5	Years ago I discovered this quaint grocer and their awesome lunch counter. The meatball hoagie and weeding soup are seriously are amazing and authentic. I have not had better wedding soup in the city. I'm also in love with the homemade raviolis, (read the directions, these are baked not boiled.) My favorite is the artichoke gorgonzola, they are often sold out. If you're lucky enough, you'll get a chance to see the raviolis being made in action by one of the lovely pasta making ladies. Make certain to use the homemade sauce as well, we're talking heavenly good. Also, if you get there early enough, grab a warm, fresh Tuscan bread, (but maybe I shouldn't be telling you this.) it's crispy on the outside, and warm and soft on the inside. I dream of this bread. The deli counter is as well fantastic, get some meats and cheeses and have a banging sandwich. Anything you try from here is sure to keep you coming back for more!
