4	Yelp Alert!   Near the office, this is my favorite place to go for fish tacos (see pics above) -- their salsa is fresh and flavorful, too.   Newly upholstered booths reflect their focus on seafood -- which despite the "couldn't-be-farther-from-the-ocean-location" is really really good!  If I'm feeling under the weather, they have great soups -- nothing like albondigas loaded with fresh jalapenos, cilantro and lime to help chase the cold away... one day in particular, my server fixed me her version of "get well" drink (sparkling salt water -- with lots of lime -- it's an acquired taste, but it definitely helped... not to mention it was incredibly kind.)At lunchtime, there's really only one server and she's attentive and caring -- and very proud of the food they serve which is great.  She usually tries to seat us in the bigger room, but I really like the smaller table with the glassed in (?) bar in the center closest to the kitchen.Update:  Today, I grabbed a menu so I could give you all a little more information on prices and their menu options - so, here goes -- Fish Tacos are $3 each -- Their small shrimp "coctail" is 6.95 -- large is 9.99 -- they also have ceviche, crab, octopus, mixed (pick any 2 seafoods), oysters, abalone and clams. I love that they have a Vuelve a la Vida -- only large  - which means Return to Life ...hmmm....Their 7 Mares is $13.95 -- and the bowls are enormous.Seafood Tostadas -- see above for choices -- start at @ 2.50 and go up to 9.99 for a super mixed version -- They have a page of Dinner plates served with rice, beans, salad and tortillas (showcasing all their seafood options, 5 shrimp dinners, plus a Huachinango  -- a whole fried red snapper, which I adore).  There's another page of Especialidades Mexicanas -- with breakfast signatures like Huevos Rancheros and Nopales con Huevo, tamales -- both meat and sweet versions, chimichangas and quesadillas.  Another page of Antojitos with Picaditas, sopes, queso fundido (simple, chorizo and con hongos available!)  Then they have a random page with Americanized sandwiches and salads using their mise en place  -- tuna salad, tuna melt -- with two sizes of menudo hidden here  -- which totally cracks me up (!)  Then yet another page of Especialidades Mexicanas -- featuring huraches, gorditas, empanads, panbasos (meat choices include pollo, chicharron, deshebrada, picadillo, costilla, carne asada), enchiladas (rojas, verdes, camaron, mole, too) and caldos (pollo, albondigas, res, pozole -- note move menudo here!) And finally, the last page of their menu features their beverages -- from freshly squeezed juices (carrot with celery or orange or beet juice), agua frescas (limon, naranja, mango, papaya, pina, horchata, guanabana, jamaica and melon) -- milk shakes (yes, they have a soursop milkshake!) to beers ($3 for domestic, $3.50 for mexican, $4.50 for a "cerveza preparada" - a red beer, I think) -- and then last but not least, a tiny mention of their singular dessert -- flan...I forgot to mention they include their catering options -- or large party portions for big groups -- and their Lobster Dinner which I'm intrigued by -- prepared with butter, LA Palapa (called their house specialty), with garlic butter or diabla...hmmmm.....Aside from the fact that the menu is chock full of really tasty, all homemade options -- with photographs that look like I took them (and that's not saying much) -- don't miss this very humble, yet completely genuine Mexican slip past you -- I can't imagine anyone being disappointed.
5	This wasn't where I planned to eat, but it's where I ended up.  I'm glad that everything else didn't work out.  The salsa was the best I've had since some salsa in a tiny restaurant outside Chicago in 1972.  But don't let you think that means I'm some corn-fed midwesterner whose idea of wild seasoning is a dash of cinnamon or paprika--my dad was a chilihead from way back.  This was fresh, sharp, FLAVORFUL and spicy salsa with fresh (not even wilted) cilantro, tomatoes, onions and I don't know the rest.  I had the entire bowl wiped out before my order arrived.  It is that good.Having learned the hard way that if you order what you think is "enough" at any Latino restaurant in this neighborhood that you will need a moving truck to get the leftovers home--never mind that everything is reasonable to the point of cheap, I only ordered a fish taco and a shrimp taco, and a glass of melon agua fresca.  The agua fresca came in a glass that could give Lake Mead competition, but oh, it was good.  I've never had it before, and a mix of melon, probably a bit of sugar, cold water and ice cubes was absolutely perfect on a hot evening.  As for the tacos, the batter on both the fish and the shrimp was superb, light and golden--comparable to the batter on a very good tempura.  The cabbage slaw was fresh, not limp, the dressing was simple (probably just a bit of sour cream/crema mexicana), and the tortillas were perceptibly fresh, too.  Both tacos were very generous--I think there were at least 8 large shrimp in the shrimp taco.  The fish was perfectly cooked inside, as well--not even Gordon Ramsay would have fussed about it being over- or undercooked.  And...NOTHING tasted greasy.My only warning about this place is that the menu isn't completely translated (although most of it is).  Even so, my junior-high-school and riding-the-bus Spanish got me through whatever wasn't translated.  And the staff didn't laugh at my very strange Spanish pronunciation (Spanish overlaid with a German-influenced Russian accent).  The waitresses were quick and friendly.This is the kind of food I hoped for in Las Vegas.  I found it in a little strip mall next to the new Super King Ranch Market.
5	La Palapa is great! Their food was delcious and the service was really good. The waitress gave me lotsa chips and salsa, always checked on my drink, and got my food fast. Their salsa is SOOOOOO good. The chips were fresh and not greasy. I had menudo because I was feeling slightly hungover that day . They have a HUGE menu. I would like to try lots of other things here. The restaurant is very clean and relaxing.  The prices are decent too. I will definatley be going back soon.
1	WARNING TO VEGETARIANS...DO NOT GO HERE. I was questioned by the waitress, "Do you even like Mexican food?"  I do. I REALLY do. However, I do not like YOUR Mexican food.....My boyfriend and I were vacationing in Vegas, and wanted to eat a a local taqueria. Using the highly recommended ratings on yelp, we decided to hit this joint on the way out to the airport. This was our last outing in Vegas, and after four days of excess and all nighters, I was admittedly cranky, and we stopped here just so I could get out of the car. I was super pleased with the chips and salsa, so tasty! I was super excited for the food.Until I got the menu...That said, NOTHING on the menu was veggie friendly, and it was primarily seafood. I asked the waitress for the tortilla accompanied by black beans, lettuce, tomato, mexican queso and salsa verde. I also asked for avocado on the side. I really wanted to stress that no meat should be anywherwe near my plate, which prompted the the nasty question from the waitress, which got us off on the wrong foot. I have even had veggie friendly foodstuff IN MEXICO, but due to time constraints and the fact I am unable to understand insults in Spanish-- I did'nt want to start in on it, so I let that snideness ride. My boyfriend ordered a Torta, and was told several muinutes later that the kitchen was not making those today, so he settled for a chicken empanada. This place was also out of soda, so I ordered and orange-mango juice. After a VERY long wait for a seemingly simple order at a seemingly empty restaurant, I got served a nasty surprise of a gross thick tortilla covered with a smatter of sour cream and a quartered avocado smeared randomly on said tortilla. The whole dish was DROWNING in a sea of runny salsa verde. No beans, no rice, no lettuce. no tomato.  My bf was also non plussed by his unflavorful empanada. The juice tasted like super watered down Goya. I had two bites and two drinks- and I was done. I would have sent mine back, but we waited FOREVER, and at that point we needed to haul ass to get to the airport. This hot mess was $16 bucks. Pretty reasonable for two people,no?  But, if you wanted to follow menu prices--- This bill was supposed to be about $10. I give this one star because the salsa and chips were good, and apparently I can't give zero stars.
3	I'd been wanting to try this place for a while and I have to say while it was good, it wasnt' what I had envisioned. First, I loved the music selection. All of Vicente's greatest hits. The sign near the ladies room said they have karaoke on sat. nights. I ordered menudo and I don't th ink I'd order it again. It had onion?? who puts onions in menudo? My bf ordered chilaquiles and they were good. gotta say. He also ordered a gordita which fell into last place. The salsa was def. not my favorite. WAAY too much onion and salsa at room temp not the greatest. If it had been a tad bit colder it would have tasted better. I'll definitely go back for a huarache or try their flautas, but definitely ask what has onions and what doesnt.
1	I went to this place thinking it was another place and they were very rude. A waitress started to talk to me in Spanish and I told her sorry I didn't understand she laughed and went to find someone else. So about after 5minutes another woman came out and asked me what I wanted. I told her I ordered over the phone and she began arguing with me, which I responded with that sorry maybe I got the wrong place. She asked me what I ordered I told her and she told me that they don't sell that there. I apologized and she was very rude. I was leaving and in Spanish she told me to hurry up. Also to add to the rudeness of their employees to a potential customer they had a good bit of flies flying around their restaurant. I probably would have thought about trying this place at some point since I enjoy trying new places. But after my experience with the ridiculously poor customer service and which seems to be possible non sanitary conditions I want to warn as many people as I can away from this place.
4	Great authentic Mexican food, and the waitresses are sweet and willing to accommodate. I came hoping for pozole; the waitress let me know it wasn't available that day but gave me some great alternatives. Food was great; just like my mami used to make. Try it. This place is truly a hidden treasure.
2	The food is nothing special and a little overpriced. Seafood doesn't seem really fresh. I actually prefer the Mexican markets taqueria next door, better food and prices. The only saving grace for this place is the drinks. They have some of the best preparadas in Vegas. So go here for the drinks but there are many better food options in the area.
