5	My wife and I are exploring our birthing options and at the top of the list is home birthing with a midwife. We've done lots of research and narrowed down our prospective search to a few highly qualified midwives in the LV area. At the top of our list is Sherry Hopkins who is President of Well Rounded Mommas.WRM has a small baby shop where you can buy baby stuff for your little one. They also have a very welcoming and friendly staff who greeted us and made us feel very comfortable. I do not know all the details as of yet but WRM offers many free and very affordable classes to pregnant woman, pre and post-partum as well.I'm going to be adding Sherry as a midwife on Yelp but thought that WRM should be recognized for it's positive commitment to the Las Vegas community. If you're interested in a natural birth or just becoming more educated about the process I highly recommend you contact Sherry and WRM.
4	Sherry Hopkins was my midwife and was excellent. She took great care of me and took her time at each of our appointments, I never felt rushed. Her assistant Tiffanie was fantastic as well. I highly recommend them.I did end up transporting to the hospital for an epidural after 14hrs at home (baby was posterior and his head was presenting sideways making labor painful). Sherry & Tiffanie both accompanied us to the hospital (they called ahead to let them know we were on our way) and stayed with us. Tiffanie comforted my through my contractions, while Sherry helped get me registered with the nurse and answer any questions about my medical history. My experience with them and the hospital was great. I saw her for all my post natal appointments too. Tiffanie answered my call when I had a question about breast feeding at 2 months too. Overall great midwives!
5	I knew about this place on yelp. I was desperate for help after painfully breastfeeding my baby for 4 weeks. I watched videos, read articles, tried every single advice but nothing seemed to work, so I decided to look for professional help. I called to schedule an appointment and after probably 30 min the LC on call contacted me and scheduled an appointment the next day. Amanda checked my baby girl and found out that she had a tight jaw and upper lip, so it didnt matter what I did, she couldnt open her mouth wide enough and she was hurting my nipples. She recommended going to a chiropractic and gave me wonderful advice. I really liked the service they provided, I highly recommended them!
