5	This is by far the best nail shop I've tried in the area...and believe me I've tried a lot of places!I would suggest making an appointment, but when you walk in they greet you, always offer you something to drink and they never rush! For new customers there is a bonus card where you get $5 off after 5 visits.They just got new pedicure chairs and a new floor, all the employees are nice they always have new colors and if you're bold like me they will let you try just about anything on your nails!I am a regular, love, love, love this place!
5	I am still totally in LOVE with this place! They offer consistently good service and really do a great job making you feel welcome!You will not regret going here!
5	I love this nail salon. The manicurists are nice and always do a good job and it's clean! Yes, I said it clean! Check the baseboards and and floors next time you visit a nail salon - they're usually nasty. This one actually cleans!!
5	I'm in Charlotte for work and I stopped by to get a simple gel manicure. I have to say I got one of the best gel manicures I've ever had! The male manicurist who helped me was so quick but extremely detailed. My cuticles were raggedy and he cleaned them perfectly. He also applied the gel with such a clean edge (heavy application near the cuticles ruins everything) that I know it's going to really last without lifting. I highly recommend the male manicurist! And the place is clean with over 60 gel colors
5	In Charlotte on business. Decided to get a mani-pedi. You know, just to pamper myself a bit. Turned out to be the best ever!
2	I just moved to Charlotte and have been looking for a salon. I got a regular pedicure and a gel polish. The pedicure was great although I waited almost thirty minutes with my feet soaking until someone came to do anything. The polish was good and he was mindful of my blisters from running. However the gel polish on my hands was terrible. It was applied way too thick and while it was drying it moved and pooled near the edges of my nails. There are several places where it is over my cuticles and off the edge of the nail. I'm going to have to get them redone in probably a week (instead of the two I normally wait) and I definitely will not be going back here.
5	I went in for a pedicure (regular $25). The guy that attended me was very nice, took his time and did a great job. I can't imagine how the deluxe would've been. Very nice staff, clean and pleasant atmosphere even though it was jammed packed.
1	I have been a long time customer, but will never return after today. I made an appointment for today and waited over 20 minutes past my appointment time. They kept taking others back and when I asked the owner about having an appointment she gave me attitude. They are like any other cheap nail salon. A dime a dozen. I'll take my business elsewhere.
5	Relaxing trip! Love the staff and the quality of my mani/pedi is perfect. Comparable price to other salons in the area with excellent servuce!
