3	Grade: C-My favorite part was the drunken diners doing shots and smoking throughout their average meal. At least the service was horrible so we didn't have to eat our decent food while it was warm.
2	I had heard wonderful things about Rossario's (best restaurant in Monona, great Italian food, etc.).  I was extremely disappointed after dining there last night.  I ordered the portabello mushroom lasagne, which consisted of an indiscriminate mass of limp noodles, cheese, and mushrooms drowned in sauce.  Not lasagne.  My husband, who is Italian, ordered the chicken Puttanesca.  He took two bites, then stared despondently at his plate.  Even the salad was disappointing.  In three words: Ugh, Ugh, Ugh.
3	It's one of those neighborhood places where regulars come eat on Tuesday evening.Decore is cozy. But unfortunately I have to echo Michelle C's review on portabello lasagne, which was sub par (but it sounds good, doesn't it?).My bf and I did make one discovery, though. If you want to try here, Go for hard liq drinks and the fried calamari. The fried calamari made us forget/forgive the "ugh" on the lasagne. We also received cordial service, so yeah, let's just say 3 stars.
1	"Quite possibly the culinary center of the universe" is what was printed on the front door. I'm not too sure about that. At all.Picture this: Take some WW2 nuclear ration canned spaghetti sauce, 3 types of left over hodgepodge noodles, make sure it's barely lukewarm and literally throw it all on top of a wood table. Insert fork and knife, a gross salad soaked in Italian and room temperature bread straight from the super market down the road and you have the recipe for my Saturday night. I didn't get the chance to order off the menu but I will most definitely not be coming back to test my luck.I have 3 reasons for my one star. 1) Once again, I cannot give it 0 stars. 2) The bartender was a good dude who served a quick Spotted Cow. 3) The decor was a laughable mix of a pirate ship's hull and a 60 year old woman's fake art collection.This place is definitely the center of some universe but one that I live on and I think later on tonight, my stomach will agree with me.
1	Like most people I had heard from friends about how good the food at Rossario's was; so I had to try it. It was a Sunday, and one of the specials was "Famous" sausage on some sort of pasta. I ordered a salad as a side, and we were brought bread to share. The salad was fine, the bread was fine, then our dinners arrived. I looked at my plate and I was started thinking, a steak may have been a better choice.I cut up the sausage and started chowing.  The sausage was a little hard on the outside, and pretty dry. The pasta and sauce were very bland, like the sausage. The friend I was with, had the same thing, and we came to the same conclusion. It was all very bland, no flavor what so ever.  I really couldn't understand how this place could be voted "best of" anything. The service was friendly and prompt, price was reasonable, but the food just wasn't good. I might go back to have the big prime rib, but I'm apprehensive after the grey tastelessness that was my Sunday night dinner.
4	Very nice dinner. Good quality food, very friendly and accommodating staff, and comfortable setting. This was our first visit, and we will certainly go back.
1	We went to Rossarios for the first time last weekend and had the Spaghetti on the Board dinner. It was so bad. It's literally a bunch of overcooked lukewarm noodles (noodle type was undetermined, looks like a bunch of cut up lasagne noodles) tossed together with a flavorless tomato sauce and then poured over a wooden table. Then you are supposed to eat the pasta right off of the communal table. Kind of scary eating off a surface that never gets run through the dishwasher and it is probably not very clean. Speaking of clean the dining area is dirty. There was dust everywhere, on the picture frames on the wall, on the bottles of wine, on every surface near our table. There was a cigarette butt on the carpet near the bar area. Along with the spaghetti on a board you get some blah Italian bread served with some sort of margarine, not real butter. Along with that you get some iceberg lettuce soaked in Italian dressing. I would not recommend this place and I will not be back. The best part about our dinner was our server Ian, who was very attentive and friendly.
1	It closed last year, as was no loss, IMHO. A neighborhood favorite for some unfathomable reason, but stopped by several times and it was always the worst Italian food I and my dining companions had ever had--couldn't even make a good marinara sauce:-(
