5	This was a birthday outing with a dear friend and we both loved it. Our therapists were amazing, the price was great, and the location was convenient. We cannot wait to go back; best birthday present I ever gave (well, one of the best).
5	A friend from work recommended these ladies to me.  It's in a small strip mall on the N/W corner of Thomas and Hayden but don't think that's too far to go if you live in Central PHX like me - this place is definitely worth it! Amazing treatments. I was so relaxed during the reflexology part I felt I was floating. They do different therapies but I like the 45 minutes chair massage for my neck, back, shoulders (amazing and complete) followed up with 30 minutes of foot treatment which includes reflexology, energy work, soothing warm water foot bath  - You just have to go and experience them for yourself. Very reasonable price. I have already been twice and will be heading back this week.
3	Being trying various reflexology places in Scottsdale to find the right one for me.This one did a great job on my head, arms and feet, but they did not turn you over and do any back work.  That is an add on session, in the chair.  I like it when it is all combined, so i going to keep looking.  No complaints  if you do not want any back work.  Prices were average.Therapists were very nice.They do have a reward card, where they will stamp a card each time you go and then you will get a freebie - like that !
5	I was having a back and neck pain, stop by Long Zu to get it work on it, after few times visiting, I feel like I have reborn again.  Definitely would recommend it to anyone!
4	I found this place on Yelp about 6 months ago.  I should have written a review the first time I went, but I got side tracked.  I went here for a 2nd time this past weekend and I cannot believe I haven't been back sooner.  There is a reflexology place a bit closer to my house that I have been going to, but I think I will be switching it up to here now, Worth the extra 2 miles for;1) Better Price2) Free membership (the other place I had to pay $50 for a year)3) They are VERY friendly and customer focused4) They use bio-freeze on your neck and shoulders 5) They put a hot compress on your neck and shoulders post chair massage while they work on your feet.They offer any combination you are looking for between chair and foot massage or you can get just a single service.  I personally recommend 30 min chair and 1 hour foot.
5	I looked at other reviews and noticed they do not appear to be done by a male. I have had many chair sessions, foot reflexology and combination of both. The chair would seem to be better if you have back issues. The place is spotless and truly restful.I have heard clients snoring more than once.Both Beri and John are interesting and caring practitioners. Price is reasonable and quite a value.Parking is adequate. Location is central in S Scottsdale. My experience is very positive over the entire period of being in business. Other clients appear to be highly pleased. Highly recommended.It would be a good idea to make an appointment.I have just walked in and either waited or come back.
5	Oh my god. I cant believe how amazing I feel. I only popped in for a quickie and received a 30 minute chair massage because the tension in my shoulders and neck were disrupting my shopping expedition - but I will be returning next week for reflexology and to become a member. Clean, attractive facility in a convenient location in South Scottsdale, serene music and peaceful atmosphere, competitive membership pricing, family owned and very customer keen. My massage was given by the wife of the husband and wife owner team. She was incredibly gifted and knowledgable. What's not to love? This isn't a day spa, so if you're in the market for a lot of fancy fluff go elsewhere and leave the place open for people like me. I'm so glad Yelp led me to this neighborhood gem.
