4	I was a but shocked to find skinnyz transformed into a new tavern.  The changes on the inside are mostly cosmetic and probably for the better.  Modern meets old in a neighborhood bar feel.  According to our waitress the place stayed open during renovations and will have a grand reopening party on 2/22/2014.The menu is a bit different which soups and sandwiches.  There is heartier fare and entrees to order: fish and chips and steak options on the menus. The app that caught my eye were the truffle deviled eggs which I will be trying soon.I do miss the large beach chair booths but they used them in their remodel.
4	We wandered over early to what we thought was Skinnyz. To our very pleasant surprise this has changed owners. The food was great! We had the calamari app and it was really awesome. One of the best I have had. Then hubby had the salmon which was perfectly cooked. As chicken wing snobs I had to try the "famous" moochie wings and they were excellent. We will be back! Loved the atmosphere. Small and not many tables.
4	Amazing transformation from Skinnyz into Moochies Tavern. The waitresses are stellar, polite, funny and very friendly. Owners Jody and Rhonda are there from what we can see every night and always make a point to welcome every customer, and check in to see if you enjoyed your meal. My family used to own / be in the food industry and owners being 'present' is important to the success of any establishment. The calamari is excellent, very fresh, not salty. We tried their specials (not on the menu) Steamed Oysters - FRESH FRESH FRESH! and Steamed Crab Legs - EXCELLENT price, not salty and not water logged. They did a great job with a tricky ingredient (most places ruin crab legs). Teriyaki and Sweet Chili wings are our favorite though there are other flavors. They serve flat bread pizza which is a nice change, we'd recommend they crisp the flat bread a little more and lighten up on the toppings. The flavor combinations are wonderfully done, no doubt about it, its just too top heavy to hold up while eating. Flat breads are meant to mirror thin crust pizza: Light, crisp, snack food versus an entire meal. Still doesn't stop us from ordering them lol! They also offer a nice cheese and grape platter if you want to get together with your girlfriends and catch up. I'd recommend that you stop by and give them a try, we've not had a bad dish yet and they also have a great patio area now that the weather is warming up.
4	Longtime Skinnyz fan. Place looks nice and service is as good as ever.   Only suggestion would be to bring back the Grouper (nuggets and sandwich) and Blue Moon on tap.
5	I, like the others, was pleasantly surprised when my husband and I stopped by to find this was not Skinnyz.  It is the closest bar to our house for many miles.  We had stopped begrudgingly.  LOVE the changes.  We LOVE their burgers and have now made it a regular hang for us and our friends.
5	Wife and I stopped in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. We had a few apps, you gotta try the Mac and cheese bites and flat breads. My wife had the chicken sandwich which she said was really good. I enjoyed the Italian flatbread, will definitely be tempted to get that again the next time we go.  Overall, it's a nice bar and restaurant, lots of beers on tap and bottles, and the service was excellent.  It's also the closest bar to our house which is just an added bonus. We will be back for sure, as this will most likely become our neighborhood bar. It's a nice spot, check it out.
5	My daughter and I went there for dinner. We had heard a lot about it and wanted to check it out. The staff was awesome!!!! We had the calamari and wings for apps. It was the best we have ever eaten. Great place to go!!
4	Nice, friendly local pub. Food was above average as was the accommodating service.Both my wife's salad and my grilled chicken sandwich were prepared well.
2	Buddy and I went here to have a few brewskis and some food. We ordered the oysters. The cook complained (walked out of kitchen) to us about shucking the oysters. The oysters were gritty, felt like they had sand in them and were not very good. The bartender was not very friendly she seemed rushed. Every time I have went here service and food has been bad but I thought I would give it another chance since it's under new owners.
1	I live a mile away and have always longed for a place close by I could get a good beer and some good food.  We visited last week to give it a go...didn't get a beer since I saw the taps and know what they taste like (good selections!) and we wanted to spend more on food. So we ordered:First we ordered the guacamole deviled eggs, taste was very bland and needed help.  Didn't taste like a deviled egg and didn't really taste like guacamole either...needed something to get it off the fence, maybe lime and a little sea salt or something.Next we got the Italian flat bread, the topping tasted good but considering on 2 different locations pepperonis were still stacked on each other 5 high I would say someone in the kitchen wasn't paying attention.  The bread was "sorta" flat but was still thing and chewy...I assume they get this and just put the toppings on it.  Didn't like the rubbery chew to the bread and it's obvious the bread is bought elsewhere.Lastly we had the blackened fish tacos and house chips.   Some of the chips were really good and cooked to the browner-burned color I liked, others were VERY undercooked and had grease puddled on them which we didn't eat.  The fish taco's were just awful.  A little seasoning on them, not blackened at all and was a small piece in each taco with a little cabbage and I didn't see any cilantro at all....this and chips for $9???  (I admit when it comes to fish tacos I go to Cabo Fish Taco in NoDa but still....)Service was very good and attentive, we sat outside which was set up really nice and besides the 3 older guys (regulars you could tell) sitting near the door that were talking like they were a mile apart and cursing like sailors the patio was really nice.Maybe this was a bad night, not sure as we expected WAY better considering the reviews here.  Were giving it one more shot on the 30th of Aug for the benefit for the 5 year old cancer patient (AWESOME for Moochies to host a fundraiser for this girl!!) we hope for WAY better.
4	Good place to go to grab some good food and cheap beer. Plenty of TV's to keep an eye on the games. Outdoor seating is a plus too.
4	Massive improvement since ownership change.  Service has improved dramatically.  Tons of options.  Boneless wings are fantastic as well as Pig Wings (pork shanks in wing sauce....A+).Good diverse kid menu options.  Super cool ambiance with live music outside.  Great place to have a beer at with good drink specials.
5	This is our new local hangout!We went here once under the old management are weren't impressed. When it changed over to the new folks and was rechristened Moochies, we tried it again. It's one of the local places, some people always at the bar in the middle of the small restaurant at the edge of the shopping plaza. Lots of TVS, booth seating plus a really nice outdoor area that also has games. The perfect neighborhood not-a-dive.My husband orders the same thing: fried chicken sandwich which is golden brown and crispy and then dunked it a sauce of your choosing (he likes mild which is more like a medium to me). I order the same thing 90% of the time! too. Fish and chips.Yes, fish and chips. Being from New England, I ordered fish and chips at the PIZZA place so having it at a tavern-like pace makes perfect sense.Their version has two golden brown, crunchy fish pieces, a pile of seasoned fries and 2 wonderfully addictive hush puppies. I sometimes mix it up with their burgers which are huge and very good. We've gotten to be regulars here and they even know our order. Nice people, a menu that covers pretty much everything but focuses on what people going to places like that want: good wings, lots of interesting appetizers and plenty of choices on tap. My one suggestion: I'd like to see a sampler plate for an appetizer. Sometimes you can't choose just one thing and it'd be great to throw together a sampler with a couple hush puppies, some wings, a deviled egg, a couple pig wings, Mac and cheese bites, sweet potato fries...they have some great things to choose from. A,good little place, friendly, doing what you want them to do: serving crunchy brown food and a cold drink. Love it.
3	I'm very mixed about my opinion of this place. We came here on Sunday during the games to grab some food and watch some football. The place was packed and our waitress was completely swamped. Luckily another waiter was able to jump in and take care of us.The wedge salad was great and so was the blue cheese dressing. It was full of blue cheese crumbles and tasted homemade. It was excellent especially for the price. My dad really liked his side house salad.The oyster po boy was my meal. The oysters themselves were fried perfectly but I was turned off by the bread. It tasted like they drenched it in margarine or I can't believe it's not butter. I would also like to see them offer a remoulade to go with the po boy. The fries were terrible and tasted like they used bad oil.  My dad got the Reuben. The meat was sliced extremely thick and much thicker than he had expected. The sandwich itself was average. However he absolutely loved the onion rings and so did I. They were perfectly fried and the breading was great. I don't know how the fries tasted so bad and these tasted so good.Overall hit or miss. I will give it another try. It seems like there are some really amazing items mixed in with some not so great/average ones.
5	We went here once a couple of months ago, and really had a good time. We have been back for lunch every Saturday since. Really nice atmosphere, good food, good prices, and very friendly staff. The chili and onion rings are especially good.
