5	Joe (the owner,) at Golde's is fantastic...  He asks good questions when you come in, and tries to point you to the mattress that will be best for you.  His sales technique is all about knowledge and customer empowerment...  There is no pressure involved.  The prices are very fair, and compare well to good prices online.  Further, if you like buying local, he sells mattresses made in the area, as well as some very good, well-priced options from afar.  Going to Golde's isn't at all like going to Slumberland, thank God.  As long as I'm in Madison, I'll go back to Golde's for all my bedding needs.
5	These folks are the best.  If you need anything futon related, go to Golde's.  We were moving out of state, and needed a cover that day.  We walked in and the couple behind the counter (assume it was the owner and his wife) began to help us in a non-intrusive manner.  They worked really hard to help us find something, and advised us quite well on which covers do not collect pet hair.   They have a great selection in-stock, and if you can wait to have something made, the fabrics are endless.  Great experience.
4	Great priced quality futon!The salesman (also the owner) did not put any pressure on me at all. I actually had to pressure him to show me more expensive options. I found the perfect futon for me at a great price and the owner helped load it into my car.This place is worth going to next time you are looking for a futon.
5	I bought my bed mattress here and love it. They have lots of local and sustainably made options for mattresses. I've also bought a couple of futon covers here over the years, a must have for college apartments and moving every year.
4	We happened in here after not seeing many options at Slumberland across the street.  They were very helpful in discussing our options with us and letting us take our time in choosing our first futon for our new house.Once home and assembled, I noticed a crack in one of the frame pieces and they replaced it next day, no questions asked!Plus, by then I had noticed a substantial coupon in the mail and he honored it after I had already made the purchase!I highly recommend Golde's for their friendly, fast, helpful and gracious service.
5	What a great place run by great people!  Business the way it used to be, friendly service, appropriate and relevant questions aimed at getting you to the right futon for your needs.  No obnoxious upsell or steering to merchandise you do not want.  Could not be happier with our shopping experience here!!!!
5	Golde's Futon Warehouse is a great choice to find your futon frame, mattress, and cover. Joe is a good guy, I enjoyed working with him - he's knowledgeable and genuine - I think he's been in business for awhile.  I like working with a local, family owned business.  Excellent selection, we ordered in a custom cover and arrived on schedule.  Nice when everything goes according to "Hoyle".  Thanks Joe, I am pleased to do business with you.
