5	Great quality at good prices. I was the only and first one to use a coupon. Elyse was awesome!
1	Worst experience ever, the sales guys in store say they are not paid commissions, but they are behind your ass every minute.Really the worst experience in a furniture store.
1	My delivery was schedule for June 7th because I had a special order piece (couch).  The delivery arrived without the special order and one of the dressers was damaged.  The couch was delivered the next day, but the dresser that needed to be replaced was left off of that delivery.  I still do not have all of my furniture and I have already had to give up 2 days waiting around for delivery.  Additionally, when I purchased my furniture I was told that I have 36 month of 0% interest but when I spoke to GE Capital they told me that I only have 18 months. This entire process has been disasterous and I am extremey disappointed.  Before this weekend I was telling everyone to go to Living Spaces for furniture, but after the delivery being screwed up not once but twice and being lied to about my financing I will tell everyone I know not to buy anythiing from Living Spaces.
4	Awesome service and very kid friendly.  Charlie and Joe were amazing helping me find what I needed while shopping with my 3 kids.  I would highly recommend Living Spaces...great service, good prices and impeccable service.
5	We first came to Living Spaces two days after they opened, and were very impressed. Beautiful, spacious, and well thought out floor plan. Nice furniture and accessories, set up in room settings. Sales associates friendly and knowledgeable and anxious to please. Johnny helped us select our dining room set and was great. The second trip was to use the $25 coupon I got for my first purchase. This time I bought a rug, coffee table, and end tables. And, because they wrote up the order as two separate orders, they were able to give me two more $25 off coupons, which I used yesterday on my third visit! I bought another rug and some lamps. Unfortunately, this time the rug was damaged when we unwrapped it. Had to take it back, which sucks because it's an hour drive to get there! They would not agree to pick it up and deliver another one. Good news is they are going to build a new store in Chandler in early 2015. I find all their merchandise to be of good quality so far, and consider it the best furniture store in Phoenix. Ask for Dana in the rug department--she is very helpful! Be sure to ask about restocking fees if you're not sure about your purchase, and inspect your purchase carefully before driving home with it.
1	They sold me two nightstands that were broken. After having the technician take a look at them they determened that they needed to order replacement parts. 1 month later I receive the parts. I call the customer service number and they said they would send a technician out on my next day off.. Nobody shows up. After I called they said that the representative made a mistake because they dont service my area that day. I reschedule for my next day that I was available (about 5 days later) I specificly advised them that It needed to be before 2pm because I had a shift that day. I get no call and nobody shows up. Then the tech calls at 3:30pm and said he was at my front door. WTH!!!!  I'm going crazy with this company I work for a living not stay home and wait for something to be fixed that was should not of been broken in the first place..Now they want me to call the day before just in case I dont get a reminder call.I NEED MORE FURNITURE FOR MY HOUSE BUT I WILL NEVER EVER GIVE THESE BROKEN OVERPRICED AND NO RESPECT FOR THEIR CUSTOMERS PERSONAL TIME!!! PLEASE GO ELSEWHERE! THANKS!Hopefully they fix my two nightstands that cost me $499 each!
5	I have to say these reviews surprise me!  I've been to Living Spaces (I-10 & 67th Ave) twice now and have been thoroughly impressed with the selection, price, quality, and staff.  We've added a number of new pieces to our home and although they're still "new", we're really enjoying them and love the look.  I think the price and selection, for these modern pieces is really outstanding.  Most important to me is the service and experience aspect of business and this is where I am most impressed.  In general, I find these "big box" stores to lack in service, but this place is doing it right!  I've worked with four different associates and have been impressed with them all.  My last trip the staff actually pulled some strings with their manager to help me accomplish my goal (piecing together a dining room set).  The "elements" section at the front of the store is great and will keep me coming back for things here or there!  I think you should check it out!
4	Great furniture store with awesome customer service. I didn't feel haggled when walking  in... Unlike other furniture stores my wife and I have been too. Another great thing is the huge selection they offer with same day delivery . It's also conveniently near the house which is great for us.
4	I am a new home owner and I was referred to living spaces by my mom. I ended up buying a dining table with four chairs and a living room rug. I took it home and assembled it, one of the chairs leg was shorter than the rest causing the chair to wobble back and fourth (we probably assembled it wrong) When we called, they sent someone to come and fix it for me within two weeks. Customer service is great.
4	Everything was great, from the non-commission sales staff and being able to take our time looking at all the different styles of sofas and not being hounded by salespeople. To the wide open sales floor, the sales floor wasn't cramped or hard to move around.  Thomas our salesman was great, he answered all our questions and after answering my question he was not pushy at all about if we were going to purchase the furniture.Only issue I had they never called to tell me my 3 hour window for delivery.
5	I spent hours picking my furniture, the staff was always friendly and willing offer as much detail about each product as I wanted and with seamless knowledge. They moved things around so I could see them together or in different light. Monica helped me choose the right fabric for my chair and find the perfect match sofa.  I couldn't be more pleased with the experience or service (and I'm picky) a special shout out to Monica and Thomas you go above and beyond and for that I have a new living room  and then some. Thank you Thank you from me, mom and the dogsNow hoping to get my buffet there too.
2	Bought a couch and love seat from and was promised delivery between 4 and 6 pm. Called at 6:30 and was told the delivery was from between 10 and midnight (who has furniture delivered at midnight). Asked customer service to speak with a supervisor and was denied our request. We were told that the delivery personnel would call us before they arrive, because we made it clear we would have a sleeping young child. No phone call was received they knocked and rang the doorbell waking up our small child. At least they ended up giving us free delivery. I wasn't happy, but sadly to say it was still a better experience than we have had with Ashley Furniture.
1	Once again yet another failed attempt at living spaces. I was in the location in phoenix to pick up my coffee table and purchase a painting. From the second I walked in the door and not being greeted by the sales manager Xan. Once I walked up to her and asked if the table we order could be pulled so that we could pick up her response was if you scheduled it to picked up it will be ready. I had explain to Xan that I purchased the table online and never scheduled a pick up date. She finally called and had everything set up for me to get it. In the meantime we walked around the store and purchased a $200 painting which when I walked the cashier I had to wait while once again everyone was to busy to help me. The gentlemen who walked in the back were great and got everything loaded. Got my product home after inspecting to make sure nothing looked damaged and go figure it is missing 4 screws. So I called in knowing I wasn't going to get help in hopes they had worked on their customer service since the last time I had to deal with them.   Well to my shock they haven't. The customer service agent told me I could buy the screws else where or wait 2 to 6 weeks for the screws from the manufactor. She said that they could pull one for me to pick up and when I asked for them to deliver it for free because of the issues I have been going through with this company her response was we can't do that. I asked to speak with a manager and she placed me on hold came back and said there is no manager avalible and that one would call me back in 24 hours.  Once I get this product I will never purchase from this company ever again. So your time and shop else where you can actually find their products else where. I would rather pay a little more money and deal with this crappy company. Because of your crappy customer service you lost out on $1000 worth of sales. I will keep updating with the crappy service I receive in this sale.
1	We are still going to leave this at a one star review because of the service. I went 36 hours with no manager every calling. I called in the next day and finally got them to deliver the table for free but they could not deliver that day. I went ahead and set up delivery for the next day. I never received a phone call to confirm the delivery the night before like promised. When I called in the first rep explained to me they didn't have a time but that it would be there before 6 pm as promised. I called back around 5pm to check on the time and they said it wasn't being delivered that day but will be delivered the next day. I began to get annoyed again because they keep making mistakes. I explained to the gentleman on the phone I want to speak with a manager immediately. He placed me on hold two different times but still never got a manager on the phone. He kept saying there isn't one available but I can have them call you within 24 hours. I told him that I will sit on the phone until he gets a manager on the phone. He tells me I can't be on the phone that long.  He finally gets me in touch with someone in the phoenix location. To my shock the store took care of everything for me. I did have to drive to the store to pick up my table which was disappointing but Xan, the supervisor(young lady forgot her name), Abraham and the gentle that loaded it were all amazing. If you are going to purchase form this company make sure that you pick it up yourself and before you leave inspect the product. Never deal with their customer service number. They will push you aside and don't care about you. They only care about you spending money and leaving them alone. Thanks again to the people in the phoenix store. You have all been great to bad the bads of the customer service overshadow your efforts.
4	Very cozy environment. The staff is friendly and not pushy. I can sit on their demo furniture for 20 minutes without been interrupted. However, their FREE Starbuck coffee taste like water. Well. It's FREE. I went there for the painting and rugs. Unfortunately, their products seem to be over-priced comparing to other wholesale furniture warehouse. Since I came all the way from Gilbert, they said that I will have to pay for extra shipping cost? Or I have to pick it up by myself? I wonder if the sales rep is new or simply telling me the wrong story? I did not buy the painting there, because you can find identical one online from other warehouse at lower price. I guess that's one of the reason they don't even offer Free WiFi. I will still give them 4 stars for their friendly and cozy environment.
5	Stopped at Living Spaces to see what they had on the way to Ikea with my friend. Fell in love with a couch and bought it immediately. I have been looking for a couple of years for the right one, this was it. My friend also found a chair and night stand and bought them. Loved the Starbucks coffee, beautiful decor and very friendly, helpful staff with no pressure sales. Did not even go to Ikea. Totally satisfied with my beautiful new couch. Delivery was great, prompt and efficient, less than 10 minutes! I have told my friends and coworkers about this great new store.
4	I am sure others had their reasons for the scathing reviews but our experience was very, very good and certainly a much better experience than a recent visit to Conn's Home Plus.  I applied online for a LS credit account, had a approval instantly, went to the store on a Friday evening, very impressive facility, clean, nice displays!  We were pleasantly greeted, we were not hounded by any sales associates, when we needed assistance we received it gladly.  We picked out our items, the cashier was very, very nice and helpful, they arranged for our new furniture to deliver the next day, a Saturday, we received a confirmation phone call before we even left the store, the called to confirm in the morning, arrived on time.  The furniture was just as we expected.  We will shop again and would recommend.
1	I've had 3 of the same dressers delivered to my house only to have all 3 broken!!! Trying to return that and the bed frame to shop some place else and they won't let me.. very disappointed! !! I should have never shopped there after they sent me a  stained bed
5	Super nice people. Answered all of our questions. The furniture is amazing, and they take their time to make sure you pick the right stuff. Can't wait to go and shop their again!
1	Bought a bed that was setup broken. Item was supposedly fixed but still not correct.  I can't return this unused bed without being charged a restocking fee. Would not recommend this store poor quality and service has been a hassle to deal with
4	I had to furnish a new place recently. I am generally indecisive so the prospect of buying all new furniture was overwhelming. The staff at Living Spaces doesn't get commission so they're helpful and not pushy. I teamed up with one of their designers who looked at my floor plan and helped me pick out pieces that fit my needs, personality, and budget. She made the process so easy - 5 stars for her!The delivery is where they lose a star. I was given a 3-hour window for my delivery. The delivery guys arrived 45 minutes after the end of my 3-hour window and they delivered a box spring that had a 3-inch rip in the fabric so we had to schedule an exchange. Again I had a 3-hour window for the delivery (3pm-6pm) and they arrived at 5:55. The third delivery was my custom couch and they arrived well within the delivery window and delivered it with no problems..
1	Their products are fine, but their service is THE WORST.We bought a chest of drawers and large dresser in May.   4 months later and a million calls and service calls, they finally fixed the drawer hardware so we can use them.The customer service people make promises and commitments and do not follow up.They are like the anti-Nordstroms.    When it happens to you, do not say you were not warned.
1	This is just a message regarding feedback on the store. I'm not sure that it will matter or that someone will even read it and care. But I feel I must as I stayed up until 3am last night doing research on Living Spaces. I discovered LS while googling this past weekend for new furniture. I went in the Phoenix location yesterday and spent at least 2 hours there-the place is beautiful! I've never seen anything like it, either. I was immediately greeted and told that the employees don't work on commission. That's fine, but I didn't ask so I'm not sure why I was told. Well if I was a betting woman, I'd put everything I have that they DO in fact work on commission because they won't leave you alone while you're there! OMG, it was ridiculous. Every 5 seconds someone was asking if I needed help. When I said no, they would proceed to ask me what I was shopping for, if they could show me something specific, etc. NO, JUST LEAVE ME ALONE MY GOD! There was one woman (think she was a designer-foreign accent) that was basically trying to force me to use the free design services. I am a pretty skilled designer and don't need it but she wouldn't stop talking about it every time she came up, which was at least 10 times during my experience there. There has GOT to be some other sales incentive because I was pestered more than I've ever been, even when car shopping. They need to BACK.OFF. So I continued to shop because most of the items are exactly how I'd want my house to look. I even took pictures of everything I liked so I could narrow it down and buy. I only came for a couch/sectional but found a bed I liked and was going to buy it too. When I left I was so excited that I called my husband in the parking lot. Later that evening, I googled Living Spaces and my screen was full of nothing but complaints. Literally, I hadn't seen a single positive review unless it was by someone who I would bet money on works there. SO fabricated-technical terminology, straight out of a commercial-sounding. Terrible experiences once furniture is paid for, it's like Jekyll and Hyde. Furniture being delivered broken, damaged, deliveries not showing up at all, showing up at wrong times, taking days, weeks, in some cases months longer than stated. Repairs taking MONTHS. Items being delivered back in the exact shape they were picked up, without repairs being made. Literally being told that "it's not our problem" when customers contact you with issues. Lastly, the absolute refusal from LS employees to allow customers to speak to managers. Now I'm back at square one, trying to find a good furniture store. You'll be closing your doors faster than you opened them if these reviews keep pouring in. Such a shame...well, I doubt I'll hear back from anyone but I feel better walking away with my several thousand dollar purchase I was going to make...UPDATE: against my better judgement, we've purchased a few items from LS. We had 2 rules-it had to be in stock and ready for purchase and WE would bring it home, not their delivery service. I actually feel sorry for this company because it's not going to survive due to their customer "service" call center. They refuse to let you talk to the individual stores when you call. They're like Ft Knox. There is NOTHING you can say or do to talk to the actual store you shop in. We wanted a bed but apparently it's constantly out of stock (according to the employee there). He said they never have it but continue to display it. He stated to call back on a certain day and they'd have it-we could call and pay and pick up. Well, the call center refused to let us talk to the store and said it's not possible to pay on the phone. No less than 5 phone calls and hours later, we were in the same boat. They assured us they wouldn't sell out because the store "just got 50 of them". Went to buy it yesterday and guess what? Sold out. Shocker. Mind you this is an hour drive one way for us. We couldn't find out over the phone as we couldn't talk to the store. Huge cluster f*ck of a store. Mind=blown.
5	Needed a bed in two days. The sales person was very helpful and friendly, she found me exactly what I was looking for and it was delivered in two days.
1	Just terrible - We purchased a bed for our son with a next day delivery between 8AM and 3PM. After waiting all day, we were called at 3:30PM with notification that they were an hour away, which didn't work for us since we had plans. They informed us they would come the next day, and showed up, but with the wrong piece (They delivered parts for a twin bed, when we purchased a full bed) and after speaking to a very defensive-sounding customer service agent, were told they would deliver the correct piece the next day and that we would need to speak to a manager to get any kind of refund on our delivery fee. We left a voicemail with a manager and never got a call back. The next day the delivery man came, this time again with the wrong piece. The customer service agent said that while they apologized for all the errors on their side, they would only reimburse half of our delivery fee and that they would deliver the correct piece in two more days (5 days after the promised delivery date) and it's at this point that I informed them that I would not accept this and that I wanted them to return the product. The delivery man for some reason got mad at me and rushed back into the house to grab the other pieces of furniture that was already delivered the night before and off they went. He informed me that they would refund my money until all of the pieces were returned back to the warehouse so now my fingers are crossed that this truly happens. I have never had such a poor experience with a furniture company and will not shop here again. Such a shame - my wife and I were big fans of the furniture displayed here and the prices too. But if you don't trust a company to deliver the product correctly, there is no way we can shop there again.
1	I have to say this is the worst furniture buying experience i have ever gone through. The woman at the store who helped me, Maude, was fantastic but that is where it all ends. Don't buy from this store if you intend to use delivery or if you have to talk with customer service. I ordered a sectional custom made and when it was delivered (2.5 hours after my scheduled 3 hour window) there was a rip in the bottom of one side of the bottom of the sectional. The deliver guys were going to put it in place as if nothing was wrong. I told them wait a minute and then they acknowledged the rip. The main guy did not speak much English. He called somewhere to report the rip and asked me if I wanted to refuse the furniture. Keep in mind I moved into a new house and had no living room furniture and it was just before Christmas. I said I didn't want to refuse but I want it fixed. He then said something that I never could understand and then finally told me to call to schedule the repair. I called the next day to schedule the repair and was told the damage was not reported and not documented. I then had an argument with the CS rep and told her the driver even took a picture of the damage. She finally said they would fix it and not charge me the $99. That comment infuriated me since they caused the damage. The repair was scheduled for today, one week after I scheduled it. I also scheduled the delivery of the remainder of my order. I called last night about the time for the repair and was told it not scheduled yet but someone would call me back. Of course that did not happen. With the first delivery when it was past the 3 hour window I was told someone would call me back with the time of delivery since the truck was running late and that did not happen. Don't trust they will ever call you back. So I just called again today about my repair scheduled for today and I was told my repair was not scheduled today. The CS rep said it was not scheduled no less than 6 times. I told her at one point to stop saying that since it was scheduled for today and even last night I was told it was scheduled for today. She told me again it was not scheduled for today. So now I have to wait another week since I refuse to take any more time off from work for these losers and of course I have to wait from 7AM to 7PM for work on furniture they ripped. I will never buy anything from these people again. Do not believe all of their hype about delivery etc. It is a nice store and some good prices but their customer service is horrible. I called back and got the name of the owner of the company and I am sending him a letter. I wonder if he knows how lousy their customer service is. He probably won't respond but he needs to know what is going on with his stores. Buyer Beware. I wish I would have looked on Yelp before buying from them.
1	Do not, under ANY circumstances, purchase ANYTHING from Living Spaces. I am going to post this on the Yelp page of all of their stores in hopes I can convince at least one person to spend their money at any other store and not get SCAMMED the way I did.I read all of the negative reviews about Living Spaces horrible customer service and how they will do whatever they can to void your warranty, and honestly - I just took it as a bunch of people that were butthurt cause they broke their furniture or something and Living Spaces caught them, but boy was I wrong.My girlfriend purchased the "Savannah Chest" for me for my birthday. I had just purchased a new house and she thought it would be the perfect fit for my bedroom which doesn't have a ton of closet space (the house was built in 1905). She had it delivered to her house so she could wrap it up and surprise me with it, and boy was I surprised - it was a beautiful piece of furniture and it was a perfect match for my bedroom. After opening it I moved it over to my house, you know - cause it was a birthday present for my room and all, but nope! I should have left it at her house, you see - if you move a piece of furniture from the address it was delivered to the warranty is automatically voided. Now okay, I can totally understand that if I were to say that the piece was all scratched, and something broke in transit - that would be understandable, but that is not what happened, there is not one bit of accidental damage to this piece of furniture - it sits right now in my room with naught a scratch or ding in it, but - the handles have started to randomly fall off. Even this I would understand if Living Spaces were to say "They probably broke in the move." - but you see, my birthday was in July - and while it's clear nothing on the chest is scratched or dinged or anything, these handles seem to just be falling off. I found one on the floor two weeks ago, I looked carefully and noted a screw and small bracket (I'm talking like 5mm bracket) had fallen off - so I re-secured it and then two days ago, I found another on the floor, same deal - but the screw and bracket and still attached, I CAN'T EVEN FIGURE OUT HOW THIS THING FELL OFF! So my girlfriend calls and explains this all to Living Spaces and initially is told this is a known defect and someone will come fix it, but upon further questioning they discover the piece is at a different address and say "Oh, well the warranty is voided." She explained a bit more but was stone walled - TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. So I filled up with an email and get the response "HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY, your warranty is voided." No joke, I'll forward anyone the email.Customer service is huge to me, I gladly pay extra for good customer service, this is why I have all Apple products - customer service. But I implore all of you to never shop at this store - just read the many other reviews saying how people got shafted, it's terrible - and while I previously didn't believe them, I totally to now.I honestly would have rather gone to Ikea.
