5	Awesome service go see Tiffany!
1	I rarely review services unless I find it absolutely worth my time to either rant or rave. I will say this much... The store itself is fine. It is clean, bright, and well-stocked. The associates were all very friendly, minus a little Miss Mindy. And it just so happens she was the one to help me with my transaction. She was rude ("Well, I told you the iPhone would come out to $88 after taxes before I went to the back to get it!"), degrading ("Why do you want International access? You wanna call Mexico or something?"), and bossy ("Don't touch that or the security sensor will go off.") Well, my dear, that is what you are there for. In the event that the alarm goes off on one of your non-operable display phones, those little keys you keep around your wrist on the spiral chain to make yourself look important are used to stop the alarm. I truly hope a manager reads posted reviews regarding their stores, because Miss Mindy needs ettiquette classes. I understand the economy is tough right now, but Lord Almighty, if you hate your job that much, try to find another. As I was leaving, the other associates looked as if they wanted to say, "We're so sorry". Well, AT&T friends, I'm even more sorry you have to spend 8 hours a day with the witch.
5	Probably the best AT&T service I've EVER had. Go see LEANN TRUST ME she is so sweet, funny and helpful. Service: my boyfriend & I walked into this AT&T which was HUGE and CLEAN. To find their was an AT&T door hostess? I guess she took down our names, what we were there for and asked us to wait a couple minutes we'd be helped next. Leann an AT&T associate was very kind and helpful. We told her we wanted to upgrade my boyfriends phone because he was due to for upgrade. We got the last Iphone 4s in white so my boyfriend swears it was MEANT TO BE. Leann really helped us with informing us about AT&T's new insurance plans with the Iphones because before there wasn't an insurance option for iphones. She helped us decide what plan was best for his needs.
1	I seriously just had the worst service ever here! I told the girl what I was looking for in a phone and my price range and politely asked her to help me narrow it down to a phone that would work best. Her first and only suggestion was WAY out of my price range. Um okay... "That's out of my budget" I told her... "Can you help me find something else without all the extra bells & whistles?" Then she told me "Well all the other phones are all the same so just play with them and see for yourself."  WOW... thanks for that great piece of information... that really helped. I'm sure Samsung, LG, HTC, and Motorola did not all make the same exact phone in every way. Obviously she just didn't want to help. If you don't want to actually assist customers then please don't be in customer service! BTW she was a tall, skinny, blondish/brown straight stringy hair with no make-up on. Ughhh... get a new job girl cuz you suck at this one. Needless to say I left without a phone. I'll take my business elsewhere.
4	So, I dropped and broke my phone last night and decided to see what options I had until it was time to upgrade in a few months. The salesperson approached me quickly and went over all my options with me. He seemed upfront and didn't try to sell me on anything too crazy. He gave me some great options and although I didn't end up getting anything I felt he helped me quite a bit and was appreciative of the help.
4	Apart from the constant upselling, we had a great experience at this AT&T. I took my grandparents here to set them up with iPhones (yay iPhone fam). As soon as we walked in, we were immediately greeted by Tony and he shook all of our hands. I love the customer service that they trained their staff with. After looking around for a little while, they were ready to take the plunge. We went to grab Tony so that he could discuss service plans and such. My grandma decided that she wanted the black iPhone 4, which they did not have in stock. He looked it up and an AT&T, about a 15 minute drive away had it in stock. Then he offered to drive there instead so that we would not have to waste gas. Wow! We took him up on the offer and purchased the iPhones when he came back. Fyi, their private lot is very crowded but there a few spaces directly in front of AT&T reserved for customers.
1	If I could give this location a zero I WOULD.  Glancing at the reviews before me, I'm not the only person who left upset. I had to replace my damaged phone and this was the location I picked because I THOUGHT they would be nice considering it was a decent area and I knew it was 15 minutes from the house. It was a Friday at 2:30 PM.This entire experience at this store was not just confusing but nothing but an anxiety trip.  The greeter has a poor attitude when I told him I was not here to add a line or purchase anything but I needed to replace my phone.  His attitude went way down.  Awesome.  After he ever so kindly told me I was misinformed from customer service on the phone that i could exchange my phone here. He hands me a piece of paper with the Asurion number. Mind you any other store you go to they at least HELP YOU, get you situated maybe even call the number and let you USE their land line since you have NOTHING. Nope, I used had to borrow a mobile device from a friend.  After th headache on the phone with this ignorant woman from Asurion who was incredibly unprofessional.  I walked back in WITH A SMILE ON.  Through this whole hair pulling process I stayed calm with everyone!  Instead I was the one who received poor attitude.Mind you now it's close to 4 PM, Lee Ann the store manager came over to ask us what she could help us with.  She said she had seen us here awhile & I told her the greeter of her store has a poor attitude.  She then let him know to have I needed to be helped next and bumped me up the line. Tony tried to help me but he seemed to not be all there today from the rush of the new iPhones.. I told him I had to fill out the afidated process and get a copy of my recent bill.  He tried to look up my purchase history at the store instead (which was wrong) and asked me "Do you have the Moto Atrix"?  I said "No, I have the galaxy note II and I didn't buy it from this location".  He then tells me, " Oh, well I don't see it here so I can't help you".  At this point I just want to throw my hands in the air and leave.Coleen the assistant manager overheard the conversation and came over to see if she could help. I told her I was simply trying to replace my phone, I had gotten off the phone with customer service and was mistaken and was corrected by my friend it was Asurion I has spoken with. My nerves were just though the roof. Well Coleen did help, i filled the form out, she faxed everything over for me.  She said, "Not to worry", and the process was "all set".  I'm thrilled because I had this done before the cut off date that day so I should of gotten my phone the next day.Yesterday my bf calls the insurance company to find out where my phone was, and the kind woman over the phone says to him, "let's finish the process so we can send out your new phone".  So apparently I should of called the insurance company to make sure the paperwork was faxed over, and finalize the transaction.  I returned to the store to let Lee Ann know that I had not received my phone and that the paperwork wasn't finalized and I did feel as though I should of been told to make a call to the insurance company.Well after we went back and fourth as polite as I could be with Lee Ann she just wanted to lock horns with me. I told her I was simply there to let her know how the situation went yesterday and how I was unhappy with the service. I should of known about this finalized call.  She then proceeded to tell me, "Well if we had to call every time that happened, I just don't know".  I could tell this conversation was going no where fast. I'm pretty good at reading body language and she was making me uncomfortable with her tone on top of it, like I did something wrong for bringing this to her attention.Mind you earlier when we were waiting for her, she came out of the backroom and wished other customer's to have a great night..  I took it personal when she didn't even bother to say that to us when we were leaving after I had told her, " Well I hope you enjoy your vacation".  I can't believe how bitter she came off to not only me but this guy that interrupted our conversation saying he needed help. She turned to him and says, "WELL, I'm with a customer and you'll just HAVE TO WAIT".  My point being, this WHOLE thing could of been resolved, swiftly and promptly within a 20 minute spand if I was helped correctly. But Lee Ann couldn't be BOTHERED at her job, I just wanted to leave before I wasted my breath anymore. Sorry, I was an inconvenience and I will take my business where it's appreciated.I'm not happy Micheal (the guy we bought our Note IIs from) was transferred to the Meadows Mall! I will make sure to deal strictly with him since he treated us well, never hid anything from us, told us everything we should of expected and then some. He went above & beyond our expectations. I liked that he basically held our hand through all the entire process, that's customer service.
1	I would never go to this store again. So my husband was looking to get a new phone and to be added to my family plan (the plan is under my dad's name as we've had AT&T for 10 years now). He ordered his phone from the AT&T website and designated the retail store on Decatur and Blue Diamond as his pick up location since it was so close to our house.  He received an email stating his phone is ready for pick up.  He goes down there and speaks with one of the reps (female, extremely petit, around 4'10" - you would know who I'm talking about if you saw her) and they go through the normal conversation - what's your name, the number of the original account, is this a new line, etc.  She told him he can't pick up the phone because he's not a authorized signer on the account but if the account holder can add his name, than he's good to pick it up.  I called AT&T and the rep walked me through doing the additional authorized signer online.  It took less than a minute and she confirmed that he can get the phone now.    The in-store rep refused to give my husband his phone.  She said because he is newly added on, he would have to wait 2 days but if there is another authorized signer already on the account (myself), I can come anytime to get it.  I go to the store after work and was refused the phone as well.  Not only did the rep (Asian male) not give me the phone but he tried to sell me on a home wireless box.  Seriously!?!?Their manager was rude and all she kept saying any new line has to be handled directly with the main account holder in person.  I asked her, shouldn't the store policy reflect AT&T corporate policy?  And since I spoke with AT&T directly they confirmed I could pick up the phone as I am authorized signer.  In addition, the little female rep that my husband spoke with earlier said I could pick it up as well AND she knew it was a new line.  I wouldn't be surprised if other people have customer service issues with this store.  I cant believe how inconsistent they are and the moment you have a discrepancy they all turn rude.  I would never go to this store again and recommend for everyone else to seek AT&T assistance somewhere else.
1	The customer service here could be a lot better. The guy who helped me, Marcus, was not that helpful at all. He didn't seem like he wanted to come into work today. He didn't smile or act professional. He actually didn't look like he knew what he was doing. I came here for one simple thing and that simple thing was not fulfilled. Terrible service and disappointing visit. Definitely going to a different AT&T tomorrow.
1	I came to purchase a replacement USB cord for my iphone. Im currently being ignored in front of the registers without service provided!!!
2	I have been to this store many times as I reside within 4 miles of it.  They have always been polite to me so far.  My gripe is actually with the colored iphone 5 recharge cords they sell.  My initial cord from apple went around a year ago.  I stopped into this authorized AT&T store to purchase two cords to replace my broken one.  The only cords they sell are these purple, green and white ones from FROGZ.  I have had to replace both of my cords 3 times within the last year because they JUST STOP WORKING!!!  The last time I had to get new cords wasn't even a week ago and I need to take back one of them because it isn't working correctly.  That is 4 times my cords had to be replaced by AT&T because of a faulty product.  Why don't they just sell the d ang cord that apple sells???  This one obviously doesn't work.  This cord issue is really a pain.I finally decided to just to get a refund and the store manager Cindy had an attitude and didn't want to refund my money.  Eventually she did but what a biotch.  She should not be a manager at all
1	Worst customer service of any att store I've been to. Customer going all the way back to 1999 (before Cingular). Almost made me want to cancel my service and walk down the center to Verizon.
1	Very bad customer service! They made me wait a whole hour (no joke) for a simple 3 min transaction. ..i had to beg the lady (who by the way, helped someone behind me in line, first). I noticed everyone working there has a snails pace, there was definitely no sense of urgency even after seeing a line building up....never going there again. ..i hope you don't too
5	have nothing but praise for this store. marcus helped me get my parents' cell phones for christmas last year. so patient. derrick nevens helped me figure out the best way to get the new iphone 6. never rushed me, answered all my questions, and gave me his cell with his personal cell # to text if i had anymore questions. never have to wait long, even on a saturday afternoon (15 minutes). best at&t store i have ever visited.
5	This review is based off of the customer service we received from Phil. He made the trip to At&t visit quick easy and was a huge help with everything we needed. Thanks for your help with everything Phil!!!
