2	omg Becky, look at the white flour on that pizza... okay not only is this pizza NOT very good, but every time I order on line they mess up my order.  I am so done with you Papa John's.  When I moved I thought well this is the only pizza joint nearby that delivers but I have since found a few others to try.  I only went to you out of inertia. Do NOT, Do NOT try to trick me with the free pizza award for my latest complaint that you gave me extra sauce when I ordered light sauce.  Because i will THROW it away.  I hope I will be giving some other delivery pizza joint a good review soon.
3	Why am I reviewing this place?  Because upon arriving in Phoenix after a six hour drive and having a whole moving truck to unload, this place was a welcomed source of food for me and the entourage helping us to haul stuff into the new apartment.The pizza itself was nothing really all that special.  In my opinion, Domino's actually tastes better, but the service was good, my wife likes the dipping sauce, and we all got perfectly serviceable food exactly when we needed it.Thanks.  We'll get pizza here on occasion.  At least you can easily order here on an iPhone.
1	If I could do less than one star I would.My ordeal with these people started Super Bowl Sunday 2012. Pick the coin flip and win a free pizza. Nothing to lose right? My wife and I chose heads, America chose heads, it was heads in the game, everyone wins a free pizza. Generally we only order pizza from mom and pop joints as they are better quality, taste and seriously the chains are just terrible, but this price was right.Move ahead two weeks and we order the free pizza. And then we waited. And waited. And waited. 90 minutes later we get the pizza, nasty and cold. A week later, in an effort to right their marketing wrong Papa Johns offers us a free pizza, two liter, and free side of our choice. We order and wait. And Wait. And wait. An hour after they were supposed to show they finally get here. Pizza is cold and nasty. And they forget the side. I realize $8 per hour doesn't exactly inspire the best work or get the best employees but when I called in the guy on the phone was rude and extremely unhelpful. No doubt he was used to fielding calls from angry customers. The bottom line here is that this is terrible pizza, with even worse service and delivery. We didn't pay a dime (except for $2 delivery fee...twice) and we still feel like we got screwed. With so many other places to go to get your pie, save yourself the headache and wait of this dump. They should be out of business and hopefully will be soon.
2	A friend and I decided to order a pizza that was close enough to pick up, to save the delivery charge.  Starving and excited for pizza, we set out to pick up an order we'd placed online.  The first problem wasn't their fault: they appeared  on the NE side of the intersection on my GPS, rather than SE.  As we drove around hoping to stumble upon PJs, I called the store.  Second problem was that phone call.  After I endured a 4 minute spiel from a recording, the call was finally answered just to ask me to "hold please".  He did come back and give me better directions, and within 40 seconds we were pulling up to the right parking lot.  The storefront was TINY, I'd never have noticed it if I wasn't looking so hard.The interaction inside was just kinda strange.  The guy at the counter seemed confused by us wanting to pick up our order, confused that I was trying to also purchase two soft drinks, and confused by the fact that we would be paying in one transaction.  He was totally baffled by the request for extra parmesan packets, and required us to explain twice before he could give us more pepperoncinis.  After all that, the pizza was fantastic.  It could have had something to do with the fact that we were so hungry, but I have zero complaints about the food.  Maybe if we'd chosen delivery been able to avoid the experience with the man in the store, I'd add another star or two.
1	Waste of money. Pizza was cold. Ordered carry out & had to wait 5 minutes for someone to help me while my pizza sat in the window getting cold. Pizza was cold, the toppings were skimpy & they shorted my order of chicken poppers which were gross anyway. Wouldn't order from here again.
4	This Papa John's location is our regular location for ordering pizza. My girlfriend and I have been very satisfied with their service. They have a very friendly staff and are very fast at delivering without compromising the quality of the food. There have been a few times where they accidentally put pepperoni on our entire pizza when we always order half pepperoni because my girlfriend is a vegetarian but in both occasions they immediately sent us another pizza with the correct toppings free of charge. We understand accidents happen but we are primarily happy with the way they correct them.
1	hour and 15 when it said 15-20. Pizza was old and not hot at all.
1	Have to say the worst customer service I have had in a long time. When calling on the phone to place my order it seemed as if I was bothering the person who answered which should of been the first sign. When I finally ate my pizza when I got home it was less than satisfactory. There were onions on my pizza and I hate ONIONS!! This was not a topping I had requested. The breadsticks seemed old and were very hard. I love Papa Johns but this location just put a really bad taste in my mouth.
