4	Barro's is out favorite pizza in Anthem.  It is also one of the few that also offer sit down area in a clean, comfortable environment (not waiter service).Also they have the best wings in Anthem, with an overall rating of very good (I'm so picky about wings - it is hard to get to great on my scale).  Their biggest sin is the pool of sauce for the wings.  By my calling, you should not need a napkin after each wing, they should have a light coating of sauce.Anyway, Barros is good pizza at a good value (with a coupon)  standard pricing tends to get a little high.Given the options in Anthem (and the loss of Rosati's - which got the other 50% of our pixzza business), this is our go to place for 'za.
4	Tied as far as I'm concerned for best pizza joint in Anthem (with Streets of New York). The restaurant is clean. The pizza crust is good. LOVE the wings!
4	So i was in town with a friend visiting her brother in Anthem and we decided to have some pizza and wings delivered,and i have to admit,it is great pizza,i would have to say better then Domino's and Pizza Hut and i might sound crazy but up there with Shakey's Pizza (out here in Cali) . Tasted their Pepperoni Pizza and Mild Sauce Wings. The pizza was just yummy,thick with cheese and that pepperoni kick that lacks on others,wings were all drumsticks,no small parts like other chain restaurants have,you know what i am talking about,the side pieces,these were all drumstick's,who does that? This people do,awesome! So if your in the Phoenix Area and surroundings,try this spot or their other locations,i am sure it runs in the chain family. Hope to hit it up soon,maybe around the NFL season!
4	Very good pizza, clean restaurant, fast service. I'd say it's the best pizza in Anthem, though I don't get pizza all that often. Not as good as Round Table, but we don't have any of them in AZ, so Barro's wins. Much better than Pizza Hut and that gawd awful Papa John's.
5	I am not big on Pizza but this place is definitely a winner!!!! The best Pizza place in Anthem!!!I love the selection and the food tastes oh so fresh. From the pizza to the ravioli. The pizza is good, the pasta is good, the bread is good, and the chicken wings are also... you guessed it. GOOD!Their delivery is quick and the people are nice. Prices are good for the quality of the food you get and I'd rather spend money at Barro's than waste it on Pizza Hut or Dominos any day.Their meat pizza is really good and the italian sausage they put on the pizza sare these huge chunks of italian yumminess.  The chicken pizza is good too and I love how much green peppers and onions they put on it. It gives it a crunch and makes it taste very fresh. Chicken wings have good flavor and HOT means hot... I even like the honey hot flavor which is not something I usually get. The spagehtti comes with this giant meat ball that is cut in half. The meat tastes soooo good. Like it is home made. Ravioli has good flavor too but I am not a big pasta fan so I usually eat the meat ball and  move onto the pizza or wings.  The garlic bread that comes with the pizza.... SOOO GOOD! We always order extra because I will not share... hahahaha
5	Great pizza!
4	Best Pizza in Anthem, for sure. Not sure how exactly to explain it, and it isn't "rock your entire world" level pizza...but it's good. We get something like a "meat-lover's pizza" (my husband's choice, of course). And though I don't usually love sausage and all that meat, this pizza is really good.We also love the antipasti salad--highly recommend a large pizza and a salad, for only two people we always have leftovers.
4	Barro's pizza looks like a chain, smells like a chain and may even feel like a chain (ahem - I didn't "feel up" anyone, I am talking about the ambiance) BUT THEY ARE NOT A CHAIN!!  Their pizza taste way better than any chain pizza joints!!This particular Barro's is very good! Fantastic service ~ friendly, fast and eager to please.  They are also consistent from visit to visit.  They have a good selection of pizza's to choose from but don't let stop you from getting creative with your order.  They will accommodate even the most finicky pizza peeps and will make what ever type of pizza your craving.   Some of favorite pizza's that Barro's cooked very well: Cheese pizza ~ extra cheesy goodness, my son loves it!  Their meaty pizza is also a fav of ours. If your wanting a pizza and your in Anthem, this is the place to go!!  You won't be disappointed.
4	Good pizza.  Best in anthem but not the greatest ever.  The place could use an upgrade to enhance the atmosphere.  The lunch specials are great.
4	Barron's is our favorite pizza place in Anthem. The toppings are good, the service and selection are good, and the pizza isn't as salty as many pizza places.
5	Always great pizza and ready when promised!!
4	We've gotten pizza here many times by now, and we continue to be impressed.  The food is excellent, the employees have always been very nice.  Never gotten an order wrong, and typically the food is done on time, or early.My father is not big on pizza but went back for seconds, and thirds when we took him here. . .And naturally we had to bring friends here when they came in from Ca--it got rave reviews from them, too!
4	Once again I found myself taking us to Barro's for the lunch specials.  Great specials and good food what else can I say.  Thought I was done didn't ya, I think they need to expand their drink variety just saying sprite and lemonade gets old when your looking for non caffeine stuff.
4	Can't beat the price of Barros. Consistently good too.
2	Eh...  Ok, but not really inspiring.  Thin crust was THIN, and the toppings kind of slid off.
2	Food is ok. Salad bad, such as it is, is poor. Call ahead if you reserved tables for a party. We reserved several but they allowed others to take them, even though we were on time. Luckily for them Anthem doesn't have much competition.
5	Consistently great pizza!
5	Some of the best pizza and wings I can ever remember having. Once we took our first bite we ate like starving children. So good! Hot wings were perfect. Still eating but had to write the review! Had a pepperoni sausage and garlic pizza... Heavenly!
5	There is only one pizza that I like better than Barro's Pizza and that's Valentino's in Nebraska. Most Nebraskan's will tell you the same thing - that Valentino's is hands down the best pizza there is. Maybe it's because we cut our teeth on it. Anyway, since I can't get that here, Barro's is the next best thing and I'm thrilled that we finally found it.We have tried all the pizza places in Anthem & north Phoenix and Barro's is always the one we agree has the very best pizza. Why do we sometimes go elsewhere? Convenience. We don't live in Anthem so there are times when it's just too far to drive when you're hungry and other times making the drive isn't an option. I love the regular crust pizza with pineapple & jalapenos while my husband prefers pepperoni & jalapenos on his. Barro's uses good quality ingredients and their pizzas always have the perfect cheese/sauce/topping ratio. The crust is cooked to perfection, never doughy or burnt - just right. Whether we dine in or carry out.the service is always fast and friendly and this restaurant is always clean. When it comes to pizza in the valley, Barro's serves the best!
5	Best pizza in Anthem by far! Actually the best pizza I have found in phoenix so far.  This particular Barros has way better pizza than some of the other Barros in the valley. ..not sure why but it is worth driving to this one if you want a great pizza.  The prices are awesome too.  Great value! Large 2 topping for under $10 it's a steal.  Way better than a $20 pizza at a major chain.
4	I'm used to eating Pizza in Italy and the New York market, but when I tried the pizza at Barro's in Anthem last night it was fabulous. The thin crust was exactly as it needed to be. We ordered half Vegetarian and half Barro's special - well divided with no crossover and superb taste. Speedy service and pleasant staff. The atmosphere is a little too casual - meaning it was like a fast food joint. Not sure what target market they are trying to attract, but the Anthem market is a little more upscale. I'd like to see a whole wheat thin crust since I rarely eat white bread but I'm very happy with the experience and will definitely go again.
5	Great pizza with very good crust. I think they're wings are the reason I keep coming back though. Best pizza in Anthem
2	Barros pizza is average. However, this review is about the kid unfriendlyness of Barros(no kid menu? really?) and the sloppiness of this particular Barros and its number of dirty and unbussed tables. The highchairs were disgusting and the staff seemed only to care about takeout pizza. I wont be back.
5	Great food and good management. Good place for the family.  Good gluten free pizza. They do need a gluten free alcohol option, like a hard cider.
5	My family and I moved to Anthem last summer from California.  We love pizza and Barro's pizza is the best. Great service.
5	Pizza was great but I have to say I'm very impressed with the professional young staff at barro's due credit to the management team and the staff. Friendly, courteous and happy. I believe the girl who helped me was named Elle, she rocked! Super nice and even asked my 3 year olds name. They were supper busy but the staff took the time to be nice. Rare in az nice Job Anthem Barro's!
4	Pizza is very good. The best thing though I think is the prices, which probably makes the pizza taste better! I'm here just about once a week and get a large slice with a drink for $2.49-can't beat that! Pizza everything has been excellent. I normally eat in-that's prob the only area to not write home about. But there sports on TV so who really cares???
4	Our favorite local pizza and boneless wings.  Always do pickup and it's ready when we get there. We get the white pizza or BBQ chicken regularly. They are always friendly.  Wish we weren't put in hold EVERY time we call, but it's just a couple minutes.  With all the pizza choices we have in town we always go to Barro's.
4	Yum! Never disappoints! If you live in Anthem and want good pizza, this is the place to go.
3	Great pizza but was told 30 minutes and it was an hour.   Service expectation was flat.
