5	I was downtown doing some record a shopping at Revolver Records and killing time before a Suns game when I remembered that Phoestivus was going on at the Phoenix Public Market.  I had been meaning to make it down there, but due to my career choice of Wage Slave (not as glamorous as it sounds) I hadn't been able to make it out to Food Truck Friday.  Food trucks are so hot right now.After perusing my choices of sustenance (BBQ, Hot Dogs, Po Boys) I found myself in front of a white and orange sparkly GMC.  It was the Sunshine & Spice truck.  I was intrigued with the options of stuffing rather traditional Asian fare into a burrito or taco.  The idea of teriyaki beef, or curry chicken in a California style burritos sparked my interest, but I settled in on a mushroom burrito, a pink lemonade, and apple pie wanton (oh, they joy).The burrito was a decent size for the price, but it was when you started maowing on it that you discover that it is a hearty wrap of tummy stuffing awesome.  You know how sometimes you get a burrito that contains rice, that turns into a rice burrito?  Not the case here.  Plenty of killer to the proper amount of filler.  Speaking of filler, the mushrooms worked as flavor sponge for the soy marinade.  Tasty town.  The home made guacamole had a nice way of pulling it all together.  The wasabi sauce was really what drew me in to ordering the mushroom burrito in the first place.  It added a very interesting flavor that set it apart from anything in the burrito/wrap lineage that I have ever put inside me.  It was awesome... except for one bite where it kicked me straight in the sinuses.  If you have gotten a bonus glob of wasabi when eating sushi, you know how it will wake you up.  Woah.  Other than the one bite that went rogue, it was good gastro-times.The pink lemonade was pink lemonade.  Wouldn't deserve a mention if the fiery redhead who took my order didn't ladle a few strawberries into my beverage.  Nothing makes you feel more like a man than fruit in your drink.Now we come to the best part of my food ingestion experience.  Apple pie wontons with whipped cream.  There isn't anything that you can fry that I won't eat (I proved that on a sex tour of the orient a few years back).  If a crab wonton raped a McDonald's Apple Pie from the 80s (not this baked crap they have been trying to pass off), this would be the love child.  Evidently, Goldschlager would be the god father, because this baby sparkles.  No, literally.  There was gold sparkles on my dessert.  I felt so opulent.It reminded me of a Chappelle show skit.  I told the aforementioned fiery red head that they needed to add a tagline to the apple pie wontons of "it'll make your dookie twinkle," but I fear she dismissed my genius marketing.
4	Sunshine and Spice was downtown at some 'To Do' for 12 news. I think Al Roker was supposed to be there, but decided not to show up at the last minute. Anyway you can't blame Sunshine and Spice for that, that wouldn't be reasonable. That was just Al Roker being too cool for school. The gal that took our order was friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the curry chicken burrito. It included veggies, rice, curry chicken and some cucumber raita. It was tasty and held together well, which isn't what I would expect of a curry burrito. The raita made the burrito quite mellow and seemed rather healthy. I also had the potato/yam chips with onion and tika sauce, which comes on the side. The chips were good, but the tika sauce was great. I topped it off with an Arnold Palmer, which was  strawberry lemonade and mint green tea. Next time I will do one or the other.I look forward to trying the teriyaki beef burrito con wasabi!Oh, and take the time online to learn their "password of the day". I myself never did, and I feel I've paid a price for it.
4	I have been out to try each food truck vendor that shows up at the Downtown Phoenix Market whether it be for the Wednesday evening market, the Friday Food Court or the Saturday market, they are pretty consistantly the same vendors.  However some show up more than others.  Well and I am not all that consistant as well so we keep missing each other.  Today I took a walk to the Friday Mobile Food Court.  And since I have tried almost everyone else there it was their turn.  I ordered the bacon wrapped stuffed jalapenos and their crab rangoon.  Yes this was my lunch.  I got some veggies, dairy, protein in... The jalapenos were roasted sliced in half and each half was filled with a cilantro lime cream cheese and wrapped with a piece of bacon.  The crab rangoon tasted like the same cream cheese filling with crab in a wonton. Both were very tasty and the rangoon came with a home made citrus sweet and sour sauce  that was really good. I like the touch of the girl taking your order and then placing it with the chef in the truck.  I would have liked to try their chicken curry burrito but it was sold out so obviously everyone else wanted to try it too.
3	I first passed this place up while walking around the Melrose Street Festival today, but decided to check it out on the way back.. the menu is full of Asian fusion tacos, which is cool. they also had some teriyaki sliders and a cold noodle salad. I had already eaten, so just went for a coconut curry chicken taco and got the wife a $2 order of fresh made tortilla chips and Tika Onion dip, that was pretty good. The taco was pretty good, but the meat was a tad dry for my taste. I prefer chicken thigh, and I'm pretty sure this was breast. Overall it was good and the service was quick and pleasant. Not sure I'll search this one out, but I'd get another taco if I was at the food court again or happened upon it at some other festival.
4	I am absolutely in LOVE with the bacon wrapped jalapenos from here!  They have a cilantro lime cream on them (which wasn't what was on them last time I went...they said it had cayenne or something in it...not as good) and they tacos are great too.  They're not greasy..I'm usually not a big fan of tacos but these have rice and good meat on them.  The prices are reasonable and the staff is always so friendly.
4	The only thing I have had here were some bacon wrapped jalapenos with a cilantro lime cream, which were delicious.
3	I had a burger and it was pretty good.
