3	I have to say it like it is.  If I happen to be in the area - and I usually am not - then Wendy's is probably not my first choice, even if I am looking for something fast.  Bojangles or Chick-Fil-A will probably get the nod, and maybe even Jack-in-the-Box.  If I want something better, there are half a dozen other places.But if I happen to end up at Wendy's, this is not a bad location.  It can be something of a challenge to get into simply because of where it is.  You can really only access it if you are headed down Sharon Amity, and that is the only way you can exit as well.  If you are going in the other direction, or on Randolph at all, you are pretty much out of luck.  That can make things challenging, and somewhat defeats the purpose of fast food, right?In any case, assume you do get in (and by extension, that you can then get out again), the place is actually fairly clean and the staff is pretty friendly.  It is a bit dated, but the menu is typical for what you would find in a Wendy's.  Nothing special there.  It is not the new style of building, but it works well enough in a pinch.
3	Ah fast food joint, that's not even close to my fave... what can I say about you today? Well, I have to admit when I first saw you close to my humble abode, I was pleased. I drove on past you that first time, and told myself we would become aquainted VERY soon. I know you aren't my fave as I'd mentioned above, but your cheap prices for those Crispy Chicken Cesar wraps just gets my heart a pitter pattering. The first time I came to meet you it was easy, and I figured we'd be friends in no time flat. I ordered your delicious wrap, and the drive thru was fast like, I truly could just eat and run. You were perfect for this busy lady. However, the next time I came for a visit, it wasn't as easy as the last time. You see the great state of NC has these things in the roads called a median, and well, Wendy's it's really just a pain to get back to see you when I'm on the opposite side of the road. I mean, in this situation, it really is me and not you...I don't want you to feel totally rejected though, I mean I do still walk to you on occasion, but your staff are never very polite when I come in & I feel like they are jealous of our relationship. You really need to tell them that there is enough of you for everyone. I mean seriously, you're a fast food chain, and we all have just one belly to feed. Sigh, I hate notes like this, I really do... but Wendy's if I'm headed the other way I'll just hit Bo Jangles on the way home because there isn't that pesky median dividing us, and well frankly... it's a much healtier alternative with that grilled chicken sandwich they've got. You'll always have a soft spot in my heart Wendy's, but this just isn't working out for me. Friends?
1	Just in case you don't live here and need some Wendy's...this one is permanently closed.
