4	Stumbled into this restaurant on our drive down Washington Rd between Pittsburgh and Washington. We arrived mid-afternoon, well after the lunch rush and were seated promptly.We sat in the lounge area where there was 1 other table being served. Our waitress was really friendly and chatty and tried to help us figure out what we wanted. There is so much on the menu to choose from we needed a "couple extra minutes" at least twice.There are several options for appetizers, stone oven pizzas, soups, sides, a gluten-free section, chopped salads,burgers, pasta, sandwiches & desserts.I ended up getting the lettuce wraps off the appetizer menu since we weren't too far from dinner time. (see photo) The wraps were delicious. Chicken, water chestnuts, almonds, and celery in a soy sauce served with lettuce leaves. Yummy, but a little messy. So good. My husband ordered the chicken quesadilla and said it was really tasty too. We also had the spinach artichoke dip. As all spinach artichoke dip should be it was creamy and cheesy and very tasty. Served with multi colored tortilla chips.Great place for lunch or dinner (I'm guessing, but would definitely try it for dinner).
2	My dad and I check this place out for dinner.  We ordered the chili shrimp, the "full house" pizza, and had the brownie/ice cream desert.I often passed this place when driving on Route 19/Washington Road and wanted to check it out.  My experience in one word: underwhelmed.The shrimp was ok, nothing that great especially for being marked as one of their well known items.  The pizza - blah, the sauce was too sweet and it tasted like a pizza chain pizza...what's all this about being baked in a brick stone oven, well I couldn't tell the difference.  I think the highlight of the meal was the brownie/ice cream...but really how can you get that wrong.  Take brownie, make warm, scoop vanilla ice cream, serve, enjoy.Recommendation: keep driving.
2	Food was delicious, but service was awful. It took several minutes before we were acknowledged and seated. Waitress took a long time to come back to take our order. Waitress forgot to place appetizer order. Made no offers to just give us the appetizer anyway. Great food, terrible service.
4	Cobb Salad Heaven!This place has a great assortment of salads.  I am sure it is not good for me but what other way to get my vegetables in my diet!I had something similar to fire cracker shrimp on my salad and it was quite good.   All the veges were fresh - no crazy rust spots on the lettuce.   The server was attentive.   The meal was quick and needed since it was during lunch.The overall experience was really good.  I need to go back for a Happy Hour and see what it like.Cost:  Salad - around $10Service:  Awesome - quick and attentiveAtmosphere:  Nice - I cannot wait for a Happy Hour there :-)I will definitely go back.
2	I have to agree with Patrick here that this place has a great assortment of salads.  Usually I would never think to order a salad, but after a non-impressive crab cake sandwich, I think next time I will try what my mother ordered: the Bang Bang Shrimp Salad.  It was absolutely phenomenal.  It definitely made the meal for all of us The lettuce wraps were passable but nothing special, and my mother's Bisque soup was complete broth: it was terribly watered down.  When she said something to our waiter, he did not even offer a reason or a suggestion to get her another soup.  He just said, "I will take that off your bill and tell the manager."  Well, the manager never came over to apologize or give a reason for the watery soup.  What really bummed me out was that the soup was what my mother had been bragging about and what she had been so excited for me to try.  Maybe we will have to try again someday.
3	This is your run-of-the-mill suburban chain restaurant. Friendly staff, nice outside deck when the weather is fine, nightly drink specials... but the food is... meh... at best. I usually get a salad and it is decent. This place is convenient and consistent and kid friendly so we eat here from time to time. Especially since there is a dearth of top notch restaurants in my 'hood. Don't go out of your way for this place.
4	Went at 7:30 on a Saturday and the wait was only 10 minutes tops. Good prompt service. Had the Pasta Jambalya. Absolutely delicious.
3	Good food and good service... nothing too memorable.
3	I've been to Stone Peppers on a number of occasions and overall, the food an service have been good in the restaurant.  They have a large selection of pizzas, sandwiches and salads that all have fresh, quality ingredients, and it is a relaxed atmosphere.  My review would be better overall, but the bar has never been a good experience for me.  On one occasion, I went with a friend during a Penguins playoff game.  It was crowded, but not excessively so.  Since no tables at the bar were available and all the stools were taken, we stood near the bar and waited.  It was next to impossible to get any of the bartenders to respond to order drinks.  We ran into some other friends who were sitting at the bar and had requested more beers and had been waiting for 20 minutes for their drinks.  I had another similar experience when the bar was not crowded; the bartenders just seem to not be interested in serving customers.  In both cases it seemed like they were more interested in talking to their friends or flirting with regulars.  I'll go back for the restaurant, but never again for the bar.
2	We went for a Girls' Night Out, a party of 6.  Right away we noticed how unfriendly our waitress was, never smiled, didn't offer us specials, seemed like we were a bother to her.  We ordered appetizers, and they were really great - came out fast, very delicious. When our entrees arrived, one person from our party didn't get hers, another was missing oil and vinegar for her salad, my chili was stone-cold. The waitress didn't come back for more than 10 minutes, to the point that one woman from our party went to find the manager.  He went to check on it and the waitress came back to ask if she'd ordered a half or full portion, but told us that it was made already.  Another almost 10 minutes later, she returned with the entree, but not the oil & vinegar.  We didn't see our waitress again for more than 1/2 hour.  She never came to check on drink refills or anything.  When we did find her and ask for our checks, two came back wrong.The food was hit-or-miss, some was great, some average, but the service was horrible.  We won't be back.
5	You MUST TRY their pizza!!  Sooooo good!  I could eat this every single day and not get tired of it.  In fact, I wish I COULD eat this every single day.  Management, if you are reading this, please consider opening a location in the DC area.  I can pretty much guarantee that I would single-handedly keep you in business. ;-)Aside from the food, which is reason enough to make this a go-to staple whenever I'm in the area, the service was also excellent.  Our waitress was great.  I also like that they didn't keep their AC at ridiculous levels... I didn't have to wear a sweater over my outfit and sit on my hands to keep warm, which is usually the case at 95% of restaurants during the summer.
4	Just ate the most incredible avocado bacon cheeseburger. Incredible. Definitely recommended and will come back again for it.
1	Beyond mediocre... Sub-mediocre food, questionable cleanliness, non-motivated staff and apparently uncaring management that couldn't be bothered to make something right when she was told that a customer had a problem. Too busy hanging out in the empty wine bar with the two young, bored, male employees to actually help out the overwhelmed and untrained hostess, waitress, and frustrated bartender.  We won't be coming back, and hope that something better will take over the space some day.
1	Never, ever again. Let me start with the postitive: the Margherita pizza was good.  It's small, and expensive at over $11, but it was fresh. Now the bad....I ordered the fish tacos. I took one bite and immediately knew something was wrong. They tasted like garbage smells...ugh!  It was one of the worst things ive ever had at a restaurant. I sent them back for the pizza. No apology from staff, no money off. Nothing. We also ordered the big bang shrimp appetizer to split. The menu claims it's a "generous portion". At over $10 I expected more than 9 small shrimp on a plate!! I regretted it as soon as I saw it. It was decent but when an appetizer is $10, it should be enough to share. This wasn't. My friend got the chicken Alfredo and thought it was ok. Severely underseasoned. For the shrimp, pizza, and alfredo, our bill was $27.50 EACH with tax and tip!! With no alcohol or dessert!
