5	We ordered flowers from this florist for our wedding and they were beautiful, reasonably priced, and exactly what we wanted! Beloved Lily was an easy florist to work with and navigated our many requests with ease. I can't recommend them enough.
1	First, this didn't ruin our wedding or anything that dramatic. But I wanted to share what happened so others will avoid a disappointing experience. Perhaps if we had placed a larger order it would have been handled better. But based on the response afterwards, I don't think it would have changed much. We had a small wedding on 1/5/14. This date had been pushed out several weeks, due to schedules, so it was by no means a rushed event for the florist. My wife had made decorative wine bottles for center pieces and delivered them to the store. They merely had to place some sprigs and 2-3 roses in each. Seems simple , right?  Well, when my friend picked them up from the store, there were several broken roses and most had begun to wilt already. There were several dead leaves on them as well. It gets better. There was even one bottle with no roses at all. The person tending the store said they didn't have any more roses to replace the broken or missing ones on the order. So, the florist doesn't have enough roses for even a small order? We ended up rearranging them ourselves (after taking pictures) and moved on. Then comes the bouquet. We were shown some very elaborate "bling" wraps, that my wife loved and was very excited about. This was to be wrapped around the stems of a silk bouquet. When we went in to the store a couple weeks prior to the wedding to confirm our order, we discussed, with a new person, the potential of changing the flower color. She showed us an example of the potential new color in silk and we agreed to stick with what we had already selected. Some how this was confused with changing to real roses instead of silk. This made no sense, being that my wife had always planned on keeping the bouquet. Not good, but mistakes can happen. But, then the bling wrap we were shown was not used either. Instead a sloppily glued ribbon with some basic bling beading was wrapped around the stems. This all feels like a case of "we under bid this small order, so lets cut corners". Just my opinion.After the wedding I emailed them through their website. I received an email back from Aimee, the owner. She professed she would look it to this and get back to me "ASAP". That was over a month ago and not a peep since then. I emailed her again today letter her know I would be sharing my experience on Yelp and FB.  All I can say now is to steer clear of Beloved Lily (same owners and Mind Over Batter, which thankfully we didn't use after hearing similar complaints about customer service and order accuracy). They just aren't getting it right Good luck,
5	Great selection of flowers, cute store with a cupcake and candy store next door....def a great location for pit stop on the way home for a special night with wife.
4	Seems like a legit place, but it was expensive. The lady working there was nice enough, and my dad had ordered my daughter flowers for her birthday via the phone. They made it up and it was really nice, but $100 for a vase with flowers and cake pops seemed like a lot of money.
4	Walked in and greeted by a friendly, yet mellow, woman. She walked me into a small cooler and showed me what they had. It was a limited a selection, but the quality was top notch! She threw together a beautiful bouquet, and it was extremely affordable. I would definitely give them my business again. My wife LOVED the roses.
