4	An extremely traditional Persian restaurant that preserves its loyalty to what Persian cuisine is really about: perfectly executed meat and rice dishes; nothing more, nothing less. Even though this place smacked of Persian mafia connections, the staff was warm, friendly, and efficient- neither annoying and obtrusive, nor eschewing and unwelcoming (it's hard to find a middle point in terms of service at traditional restaurants, so I was pretty happy about this... although, it may have helped that my dining partner's doppelganger was performing Ibiza-worthy Persian dance music on stage that night). In terms of ambiance, the American iconography decorating the walls was perplexing and ugly. As for the food, there are no veg options here- this place is a meat haven, the shirazi salad being one of the most acidic, unsatisfying incarnations I've ever tried. The dolmeh, contrary to their menu description, are straight out of a can. That being said, the meat here is defuckinglectable. The stewed lamb shank was tender without being reduced to pulp, it was served bathing in a braising liquid that was insanely rich and flavorful (cardamom, tomatoes, wine, saffron) without being overly fatty and greasy. This was a stewing worthy of consumption, unlike your grandmother's vomit inducing attempts at rendering the most economical cut of meat palatable by stewing it in its own rancid, acrid fat for a week. The shish kebab was... how do I put this without being superfluous... it was a $16 dollar plate of meat that tasted like $80 Kobe beef. Seriously folks, I'm not fucking with you. The beef had the consistency of a banana- I didn't even have to chew, it literally just melted in my mouth. The traditional Persian rice dishes were flavorful and balanced without being either too sweet or savory- cinnamon, cherries, dates, lentils, sumac, and basmati. Overall, straightforward traditional Persian cuisine that would only disappoint those looking for something fresh and healthy.
5	another one of my "if im going to see my parents, they better plan on feeding me here" places. lol Carlys review is so true it is the spot to find old persian men drinking tea. the staff here is always at their 100%. even knowing my parents by name. (i assume they kick it here without me)we always get the family platter which comes with beef kobideh (ground beef), beef pieces, grounded chicken kabobs as well as pieces of chicken. i especially love the ground beef and pieces of chicken. my little sissy always gets the yogurt with mint and cucumbers.a lovely place
4	Very nice yogurt and cucumber (mast-o-khiar) appetizer. Excellent quality meat in the koonideh but a little bland or maybe my taste buds were off.Monday evening very quiet.
4	Pretty authentic Persian food. I got their chicken koobadeh and hubby got their beef shish kabob. The meats were moist and tender, cooked just right. I wish the rice had more flavoring, it tasted just a little bit dry.I am not sure how this place is like during lunch hours or the weekend. We were there on a Thursday night and we were the only 2 there. I recommend this restaurant if you are in the mood for some Persian food while in Vegas.
2	Really not great. Went with 3 other people and none of us really liked any of the dishes. It was like all of the dishes lacked any depth to the flavors to make them interesting. I thought a long time about just ignoring this place and not reviewing it because its independently owned and others seem to like it so much however I just wanted to put it out there what we ate was blah.
5	Wonderful fresh Persian food! But even better, great customer service!! We arrived after the kitchen closed, but to help us eat a healthy, hearty meal, Aram took our order and gave us great take out. Generous portions and kindness to strangers are much appreciated. Don't miss Royal Persis and try the Fesenjoon.
4	We have two sets of middle eastern friends who introduced this place to us on different occasions.  We absolutely love this place. Their kabobs are yummy and not dry. We got the chicken and steak kabob.. Awesome place and great service.
5	If you're looking for AUTHENTIC Persian food in Vegas, this is the only place to go.  The restaurant is VERY clean and the service is fabulous.  As a weekly patron, I can say they are consistently yummy!  Must go!
4	Our Iranian friend bought us here to try Persian cuisine. Generally, he tends to stick to restaurants in the LA area, but found that Royal Persis delivers authentic eats.We shared a couple dips to start. Maust' Moosier is yogurt with shallots. It was creamy, cool and savory. Kashk-E-Bademjan is loaded with bold flavors from eggplant with whey, onion and mint. Both are spread on lavash. I had Chelo Kebab Soltani, which is a combo of filet and ground beef. The husband had stew with beef, kidney beans and a bunch of seasonings called Ghormeh Sabzi. Our friend's favorite dish is the Chelo Kebab Barg which is the filet kebab. He said the secret to the side of rice was to add lots of butter. I still enjoyed it without. We finished our dinner in the traditional way by enjoying a cup of hot tea. I've had kebab before at various Mediteranean and Middle Eastern restaurants and none have been as tender or tasty. I loved the marinade for the Barg. I definitely recommend it.
4	Descent persian food, came here on the recommendation from a Persian friend, who knows I love Paymon's, so he told me I would like this place better, do I, uh well I think they are two different tastes. For starters we shared the Maust Khiar, which is always my favorite app (yogurt cucumber dish) and the Kashk e Bademjan, which is the eggplant app that was the table favorite, it was very different and savory. We all tried something different, I went with the Chelo kebab koobideh which is the ground beef kebab, one friend had the shish kebab and the other the chicken kebab. I wasn't a huge fan of the ground beef kebab, it reminds me of sausage and I don't love sausage, I liked the shish kebab the best. The basmati rice is ok, I've had better, but if you spend an extra $2.95 you can choose a different rice, and my friend got the Adas polo which is basmati rice with raisins, lentils, dates and saffron and it was delicious. Almost like dessert. Prices were reasonable, and the dishes were large, I had enough for dinner and lunch the next day. The iced tea was so good, I drank half a pitcher. They also have what they call a full bar, but it's pretty limited, and the wine is limited to, merlot, cabernet and chardonnay. If you're in the neighborhood, it's a place to check out for sure.
5	Location is closed
1	Went there on a dinner date with the hubby we both ordered lamb shank. Well somehow mine was not well cooked and lets just say I had food poisoning after that. Enough said
