5	Best in town n I have been coming here for long time.
5	Loved this place! Went here looking for a good nail salon in champaign that wasn't as expensive as on campus, and had a great experience. They are under new ownership. Did an awesome job on a fill and have reasonable prices. Also offered me a soda and gave me a shoulder massage while my nails dried!
5	I was looking for a reasonably priced place to get a pedicure since the weather is getting warmer. This place had good reviews and was conveniently located, so I decided to give it a shot. They take reservations and walk-ins. There was only one other customer there when I went, so I was helped right away. The pedicure was well done and the woman who did it was very nice. They even give you a shoulder massage while your nails dry! They only charge $22 for a pedicure and have a very clean salon. I will definitely be coming back here!
4	Update: I think I may have gotten an infection under my toenail from this place...I can't say for sure, but it hurts like hell! Not sure if I'll be coming back now...
5	I had an amazing experience at this salon. They were running a special where a regular mani/stone pedi was $25 (regular price $30.) I think they did a fantastic job.  They will even do nail art if you want. They offer you water/soda and give you a shoulder massage while your nails dry.  I saw them thoroughly clean the spa basin between customers instead of the usual spray and rinse they do at most places.  It's a bit on the small side so there may be a wait during peak hours. Overall I will be going back here whenever I am in the area.
5	Under new management.  What a great pedicure -- with a hot stone massage for the calves & feet at the end. Very nice staff too.  Able to get an appt. at short notice, I would recommend making an appointment, though you may be able to just walk in.Definitely recommended.
5	Personally, I had a great experience at this place. I got a manicure, a pedicure and my eyebrows waxed and was impressed throughout the process.The place only has three pedicure chairs, which were occupied by friends who came in as a group when I was there. (Note: They mentioned that more may be installed, so this could change). I walked in at the right time so that I didn't have to wait, but I would consider making an appointment in the future.A lady started to do my manicure right away. She was professional and was very good about asking for my preferences. My manicure turned out exactly how I wanted. Next, I moved on to the pedicure. Although it was priced similarly to other pedicures that I've had in the past, it was way better and went beyond the scope of those. It included a hot rock massage that felt awesome. Also, as my nails were drying, I got a brief shoulder massage that definitely added to the experience.My eyebrows were done very well. They weren't too thin and the arch was perfect for my face. (I also noticed that I liked the shape of all the female employees' eyebrows, so I felt much better about getting them done there.) Overall the service was good, the work was awesome, and the price was entirely fair. I would highly recommend this place and hope to return in the future.
4	My husband and I just had pedicures and we're both very happy with their service.  They go beyond what other salons I've been to in town do in that they do the hot stone massage and then a shoulder massage while your nails dry.  My husband didn't get polish but he still got the massage.  I feel confident in their cleanliness.  I think I've found my nail salon home.
5	Best pedicure I've had in town - for $22 it cannot be beat. I have never paid a similar price in town and received a hot stone massage. I have found my new spot! Yay!
5	Really enjoyed my experience. The nail technician did a top notch job. The massage chairs for pedicures are really relaxing. The people working there were professional and nice. The place was very clean. The price for a mani-pedi, $25, was really reasonable, especially for the high quality of the services. I'll definitely be back.
5	I called in and made an appointment even though they take walk ins. I just really hate waiting. As soon as I picked out a polish, my technician was waiting for me. The massage chair (which, in reference to another review, they did install more) was phenomenal and the hot stones were great. The polish was done beautifully and, after my manicure and pedicure was done, she waxed my eyebrows really quickly. Great shape on the brow, couldn't be happier. There was a nice set up for the drying, both toes and fingers at the same time. A quick set spray and a shoulder massage made the dry time pass extremely quickly. Will definitely be returning!
5	I've tried several salons in town incl. Modern Nails, etc., and I can say that without a doubt, Anna's is by far the BEST, CLEANEST, THOROUGH and MOST RELAXING.  They even give you a five-minute neck/shoulder massage too after completing manicure!  Prices are VERY reasonable.  BTW, your nails will be perfect!  Highest recommendation!
5	$22 pedicure was amazing! It included the hot stone massage and all those little extra things. They really take their time and it's a very clean and relaxing facility! Also for only $3 you can add on a mani!
1	Really disappointed in my customer service. I came in needing a shellac manicure. I had some leftover polish from a previous shellac manicure that needed to be soaked off. I came in and there was only one other customer  who walked in about the same time needing a pedicure.I sat down and my technician (I believe the owner) asked how I was. I told her I was very stressed and busy with finals and just needed a quick break. She put the acetone on my nails and then another customer walked in needing a shellac fill. The owner then left me and went to help this other customer. I assumed it would just be a temporary thing, take that customers nail polish off and come back over to finish my nails since I was there first. 50 minutes later, the first customer I walked in with finished her pedicure, and that nail technician finally came over to me. 15 minutes later, the customer needing a full was done and the owner decided to come back to me.I sat down in the chair at 5:15 and was not finished until 6:55. What I came in for was a standard 45 minute manicure as a study break. Instead, I was left sitting in a chair, with foil wrapped around my fingers, unable to do anything for 50 minutes, while another customer, who arrived after me, received full attention and service. So disappointed in this customer service tonight. Moral of the story IF YOU HAVE ANY TIME CONSTRAINTS, DO NOT COME HERE. If you have all the time in the world, then sure. But if you are expecting to get in and out in under an hour for a standard service, go elsewhere.
