3	This place is a solid choice in this part of town, but the food and prices are nothing special.  I liked both the feel of the inside and the option of dining outside.  The service was very good and friendly.  We got the bigger pizza and an appetizer, and that was not quite enough food for two people in my opinion.  The pizza itself is square and super thin, making something that looks very large on a plate not seem so very large in your stomach.  It did taste good though.  The beer was super expensive, even for Montreal.  All in all a decent place to go, especially if you aren't starving and don't mind spending a little more money than usual.
4	During my wife and my 4 hour walk around old downtown and the plateau neighborhood we decided to stop into Pizzedelic and sit on their patio.  We split the thai chicken and spicy sausage pizzas, which were the perfect filling yet light lunch during a day walking in the hot sun.  The thai chicken could have used a little more thai flavoring, and both pizzas could have used an improved topping distribution, but the crust was perfection and the portions that were full of toppings were absolutely delicious.
3	My wife and I were looking for an inexpensive place to eat.  The pizza was pretty good; however, be aware that the crust has a matza-like consistency.  The Belgian fries were decent- salty and crispy. Our waiter was very helpful.  On the downside, a glass of soda will cost you $ 4.00.
5	I found this place to be fabulous! The service was great, our waitress was helpful, kind and very quick. Even when she brought the bill at the end they bring the machine to swipe your card right in front of you if that is you payment method of choice.I personally got the exotic Thai pasta with chicken and thought it was delicious. Slightly spice with a traditional Thai taste and it was cooked well. My companion got the margarita pizza and ate it quickly. The thicker crust was the way to go, slightly chewy but in the perfect way. We also split the fried squid appetizer (calamari) and it was very good. The sipping sauce was plain but that is the way I personally enjoy it.Although the menu can be a little pricy, it was worth every cent!
4	Nice restaurant! I love their service even I do not speak French!French onion soup is the one I love the most! Very delicious. Due to my diet plan, I did not order the pizza, and I ended up ordering dinner special. It is pretty good bit expensive. Anyway, nice and friendly place!
5	We took our son to Montreal for the first time. We wanted him to get a taste of the city and culture of Montreal. Went here on a whim. Sat at a great table on the sidewalk, sampled some delicious cheeses, poutine, and he had his first taste of snails. He got something he recognized from the menu. Good old fashioned pepperoni pizza but also got to try out some of what Montreal is really known for. Prices weren't bad and our waitress was super nice.
3	we were just walking around notredame st looking for places for a quick grab...and this one did scream pizzas....they have individual size square pizzas :)...californian shrimp was delish....the asian something pizza was OK...their desserts are really fancy...the floating island and the the one i had cant remember the name...fancy french names :P...
4	Although it took forever to get our drinks, we were thrilled at the flavors of their freshly baked pizza! The thin crust pepperoni was mouth watering and delicious! Only down fall was the high sticker price for our table of six. 1 beer. 8 sodas.6 individual pizza's... $$$ 190 !!  $$$
