4	This place manages to stay pretty under the radar even though it wins awards left and right in local publications.  The reason I would guess is because it is situated right in downtown Guadalupe.  If you are not sure what Guadalupe is, it is a small community  founded by Yaqui Indians that incorporated their own town right in the middle of Tempe and Phoenix.  The town is now mainly Native American and Hispanic and is about one square mile in size.The Farmer's Market has an amazing assortment of super fresh produce and they even make their own honey.  Right inside the door you can see some live bees hard at work making the delicious varieties.  Because this market is in an area with a lot of Hispanic residents they carry a large selection of Peppers fresh and dried.  They get a lot of their produce from local farmers and offer some organic choices.I know some people who are intimidated about going here because they fear the neighborhood it is in is 'different' than their stucco and chicken wire Stepford neighborhoods,  but I have never had a problem going here day or night.One thing to be cautious of is the fact that this town's speed limit is 25 MPH everywhere and you better observe it.  For one thing there are a lot of dogs and people crossing the street all over the place so the slow speed is safest for everyone.  Also, Guadalupe has their own police and they will not hesitate to pull you over because you think 25 is just too slow.
2	I went there today to check out the Hatch Chili Throw-down that was starting at 1:00pm. We got there and noticed that is location is just like the market on Power Rd. named Guadalupe Farmers Market Too. Then the light bulb goes off "ding"...wow talk about a blond moment. I guess the names give away the relation. Anyway.. The cook-off was no where to be seen, but they were roasting fresh Hatch chilies. I was not really impressed with the selection inside and the prices were a bit high. We ended up getting some delicious smelling chilies and fresh tortillas. (Food City has cheaper roasted Hatch chilies on the weekend). It was a nice trip but I'm not sure it is worth a second try.
4	I've been a customer here for years and have seen it go through various owners, and, as a result, various levels of quality. A few months ago, it was sold.Under the previous owner, Fred, it thrived -- produce was fresh and plentiful, local products abounded, and Fred was a joy. After he sold it, I went twice and vowed not to return. The bins were nearly bare, and what they had was often rotting.BUT ... (cue hopeful music) I did indeed stop in again this week, and things appear to be turning around. The mostly local produce looked pretty good, and they still have the awesome roasted chilies that they're known for. It's wonderful to find local produce at a decent price (I'm talking to you, Urban Grocery).They seem to have cut back on some of the third-party jams and salsas, but they still have plenty of their own label of canned goods and a decent choice of salsas and tortillas. So, if you've been lately, like me, and wondered what happened, like I did, I am happy to report things should be stabilizing. I love to stop here if I just need a few things instead of having to wander through Safeway and stand in line. This is an easy-in, easy-out stop, especially if you're a commuter cutting through Guadalupe to work and back, or driving north or south on 48th St. in and out of Ahwatukee. It's just a quick hop from 48th St. The only bummer is they close at 6 on weeknights.
5	Unfortunately the store is a little out of the way for me since I don't often go through Guadalupe. Stopped off and did a little browsing and chatted with Loyola? the new owner. Very friendly lady who gave me a run down on the various local products she stocked.  Ended up with some great cherry butter - tasty salsa from O'doyles and locally made cheese from Gilbert. Also appeared to have a good selection of vegetables and friut and chilis etc.Just a pity they are located a little bit out of the way
4	Love love love local farmers markets. I personally don't like going into Guadalupe, but I needed to. I stopped by and loaded up on Paleo supplies. Great stuff!!
4	A hidden away Farmer's market, drive too fast and you may miss it. I came here because I saw it on the Food Network with Bobby Flay and I thought I would stop in. The counter lady was very friendly and the store was small with an outside chili roaster. I am not sure if they were cleared out for Thanksgiving or if supplies had not come in yet because they were on the low side. However, the golden apples I purchased were delicious, I ate 5 of them that night! I love that I can come here for local honey.
5	Great little store. The cashier was extremely nice and helpful. The prices were great. I will make the journey out here again for more honey.
