1	F724 She didn't even look at me, didn't bother asking why I was entering her place of business, didn't reply when I spoke and in no way acknowledged that I was even in her presence. Just handed me a ticket and was done with me. If this happened anywhere else, I would make an effort to never return, tell all my friends how horrible this experience was, and write a scathing review about the deplorable customer service of this business. Sadly, this was my Saturday morning at the DMV, a place I think is modeled after the agonizing depths of Hell. With the same musac score playing...and the same voracious stench in the air..and the same spastic children running around (only in my version of Hell, it's politicians campaigning around me). So, I was already running late because I had to complete my emissions test early. Those nice people there not only told me there were only three DMVs open on Saturdays, they gave me a map. How precious. I was fortunate enough to be near one of the only DMVs open on Saturday (Seriously? Three DMVs open on Saturday for the entire Valley?) After receiving such a magnificent welcome, I knew this was quickly going to be among the most painful experiences of my life. To simplify what was so bad, let me make a list of what I feel constitutes acceptable behavior in public: 1) Bathe. The combination of water and soap, along with massaging the skin, creates an outcome that is most pleasing. Be sure to scrub behind your ears and reference this website about another notorious spot : http://www.craigslist.org/about/best/htf/755891987.html 2) Sit still. Yes, I know we're all waiting here for about an hour. But tapping your foot, rocking back and forth in your chair or bouncing your leg aren't going to make time go any faster. Trust me, I was watching the clock. If you feel anxious, get up and walk around. 3) Leash your children. If they cannot sit quietly, leave them in the car. It's winter, they'll be fine. It's not cute when your little monster is running up and down the aisles with his honey bun squeezing out between his fingers. It's even more not cute when he fake-falls five times in a row right in front of me. 4) Maintain quiet tones and ensure appropriate conversations when taking/making calls. To the lady behind me, I'm sorry you're not that experienced in stripping. The first thought that popped into my mind was you had a failed audition for Le Girl. Thanks to your continued conversation, I was able to figure out you were a woodworker. 5) Acknowledge the humans around you. Yeah, I get it. I'm not that big. In fact, if I turn sideways I disappear. But, I'm still right in front of you so pay attention, quit bumping in to me and hitting my leg. Unless that was flirting, in which case you really need to find someone more your level. Oh, the DMV: You have a brilliant recipe for dashing dreams and gutting humanity. And you manage to do it in a painfully lit room that reeks of a combination of my brother's old gym shoes and my dad's dirty underwear. There has to be an award for that, but I don't have the motivation to research it. Oh, and F724 was my number upon entering. I spent and hour and 15 minutes looking at that slip of paper. Just so you know, that one star is for the website (which should probably get 3-4 stars but anchors like this oft sink the ship).  Le sigh... Open T-Sa 8:00am - 5:00pm; information only after 4:30pm
5	M830Only stared at our number for about 20 minutes if even that. We made sure and went early. Early meaning 9:00am. We were very courteously helped by two ladies immediately upon entering the MVD, or is it DMV. Anyways, they answered all our questions regarding our car registration.Now, the public. Hmmm... The public or customers should I say in this area are not that economically well to do. So..hmm...there was a couple next to us being helped and the guy was clearly drunk or on something because it sounded like he was told something that he did not want to hear and he just got up and pushed his chair away and stormed out mumbling something. My husband at one point asked me if I wanted to go sit in the car when the little'un was being rowdy and I turned to him and said, no way, I did not feel safe out in the parking lot by my self. Looking around the room it self, there were just a ton of sad faces staring blankly in to space waiting for their number to be called. So after waiting for about 20 minutes we were helped by Mary at Station 8. She was a joy. When we asked her some questions, she patiently answered and also made nice comments about our family. When she forgot to hand us the registration form that had printed on her printer and we had to point out, she promptly apologized. Mary had a smile on her face from the beginning to the end while helping us.When leaving my husband made the comment that this was the best MVD experience he had ever had and I completely agree. I never would have thought I would give a MVD place 5 stars but here they are. Thanx Mary!
2	Hate the wait and why is this place not open on Saturday? People do have jobs and there are more personal costs involved when you leave work early to come here for a required transaction. ALL about the government.You gotta be kidding...
3	Yeah, it's not pleasant.But at least you're well informed as to what number they're on and they have lots of places to sit down, in a/c comfort.
3	Within seconds of walking in I got a "Damn!" from a young gentleman standing next to his girlfriend. Gotta love when men disrespect their girlfriends right in front of them.  I went in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week, hoping to avoid lines.  I received help in 20-30 minutes at a window and had a woman who was expecting me to be a huge B to her and had her defenses up.I managed to schmooze and get her to smile and hopefully brighten her day slightly.  It's a typical DMV, not too amazing, not feeling too safe while I was there but the reason why it went down two stars was that I believe there need to be more bilingual people that work there. I saw many people who needed assistance while I was there that could not be helped and it was depressing.  This area is just like Guadalupe and needs more Spanish speaking employees.  That's all.
2	It's a DMV. Don't expect friendly service, fast service, or honestly any service. You go to the information counter when you first arrive and the girl checks that you have all your information in order. She will then give you a number. They are very smart with the number system, it's not your typical 1-1000, it's random blocks of 100's. This gives the illusion that your wait is not going to be as long as it really is. But it's just an illusion.Kudos for licenses lasting until you retire. Boo for the fact that SB 1070 means that my license only lasts until the expiration of my green card.Also, while I was there the ID printer broke down, and when it was finally repaired they "lost" my application.
5	Unbelievable FAST, FRIENDLY and efficient service!  I'm blown away by how nice everyone was....big smiles, kind conversation, joking attitudes and everyone seemed genuinely happy to work there!  Each customer service rep has a card on their desk with their full name so that you can go to AZDOT.GOV to leave a review of their service.It's a Thursday morning....I was there to change my last name and I was in and out in under 20 minutes!!!
5	Let's face it, everyone dreads the MVD. I almost don't want to review this hidden gem because well, I'm selfish. How often do we see an efficient MVD office with friendly staff ready to serve the public? Exactly!!!! See Monica at window 6. She's a unicorn. Love her. Friendly. Customer service oriented and she makes you smile.
