4	Great atmosphere for a DD.  Service and coffee is still top notch.  Clean and family friendly.Most importantly, if you're on the go, they have a couple of speedster checkout cashiers.  Bonus, their to-go lids are probably the best designed of all coffee shops.
2	Booo! You used to be Boomerangs! I miss the bar! Donuts are smaller.(b)
1	This place is horrible. Donuts are always stale. Coffee always tastes burned. Staff is rude. I never have a good experience here. Worst dunkin donuts I have ever been to.
1	I just may officially be Done with Dunkin. Well, this location at least.I will preface this by saying that sometimes it is the little things in life that keep us going, like finding a fiver in an old pair of jeans or pulling up to a parking meeter that already has 30 mins on it. This same holds true with store chain punch cards. On this day, I has enough punches on my DD sandwich card for a free breakfast sandwich and boy was I excited. As I handed my card to the cashier (who seemed a bit flustered already), he stared at it a if I had just tried to use foreign currency. After consulting with the manager, he returned and, with a haughty tone, informed me the "this DD location does not honor the cards because we are a Kosher restuarant and our prices are higher". Really? Did you really just say that? Pal, this is Dunkin Doughnuts. It costs 5 cents to make your sandwiches and I doubt the eggs in the sandwiches are even real egg. The cheese is sub par Kraft slices and not even melted, ever. Are you kidding me with this?Needless to say I will not be back.
2	I'm rating this compared to other Dunkin Donuts I've been to.  I love the atmosphere with the fireplace and bookcases--very cozy compared to many other Dunkin Donuts.  They have a kosher menu which appeals to the neighborhood it's located in and makes it pretty unique, though personally I'd prefer the meat options too. The staff there are always friendly. The problem I have with this place is that they are always so incredibly so that there is a line no matter what time of day I go.  Often they don't even have both registers open and some staff look like they don't know what to do with themselves.  And when they get overwhelmed they start screwing up people's orders.  I typically order just a black coffee on my way to work and I'm usually in a hurry so having some efficiency is pretty important to me.  Especially when you have to pay the parking meters!Update:  I'm taking this down another notch. Recently I was there and the person serving me was downright rude.  First she makes a comment that it was so unusual I ordered a large black coffee, because "women never drink black coffee."  Really?!  Then even after making that comment she gives me a medium.  I say "Excuse me, but I believe this is a medium."  First she ignores me, then after I try to get her attention again, she says "Yep, it is."  So I then have to add "So, do you remember that I ordered a large and that's what I paid for?"  Then she grabs it from me and fixes it but is obviously pissy and annoyed about it and not apologetic at all.  If there were another Dunkin Donuts nearby I would never go to this location as the service is so awful.  I've never had such terrible service at a Dunkin Donuts before and I've been to many all over the country.
4	It's Dunkin Donuts-- but this so happens to be one of the nicest I've been in !! Friendly staff! THEY -- HAVE---A --- Fireplace !! Lol
4	I have to say, I'm not really understanding all the hate on this location. I think it's totally awesome that this place is Kosher, and I think it speaks well of DD as a company that they'd recognize how to best fit the neighborhood where they're placed.Anyway, I tend to come to this spot in the later hours. The service is always quick, and they usually have what I'm looking for in stock. (Sometimes, it being an hour or two before closing, they've run out of my #1 choice of Boston Creme, which keeps this from being a 5-star.) Even though I come in late in the evening, the staff is always friendly, and they don't give me crap when I ask to buy one or two Munchkins (for my spoiled-as-hell dog). I can't comment on the fake-bacon sandwiches, but I can say that this is a well-designed, well-staffed location. Thumbs up!
1	This is the worst Dunkin Donuts I have ever been in, and I am frankly surprised the franchise doesn't come down on them. This is especially odd as they claim to have the same owner as the Oakland DD, which has very different practices.Most ridiculous is their practice of making their fresh donuts right before closing at night.  If you go in after 11 PM and ask nicely, they will serve you tasty fresh donuts from the back.  Go in any other time and you are basically getting yesterday's donuts.If you like filled donuts (buttercream, custard, etc.) it is a crapshoot.  When they are in a rush they dial back the filling setting and you end up with almost no filling.  Other times they will be fine.  If you ask first, sometimes they will tell you the situation, and sometimes you get a blank stare.
1	The associates at this store are not the most attentive. I was waiting out front for a few minutes before I decided to yell back that I was out front. Had I not come in for someone else, I would have left without purchasing anything.At least my persistence paid off; I was able to purchase two donuts for my friend and I. If only those donuts had been fresher...
4	The only kosher Dunkin Doughnuts. This is a really cool place. Actually it has become a regular hangout for me and a few friends. They have lots of comfy seats and the atmosphere is very open. A perfect place to study or socialize. p.s. One barista gave me the "happy hour" price for my iced pumpkin spice coffee 15 minutes early! So that was pretty cool.
1	The current staff lacks any customer service skills. Everything you would expect from a friendly neighborhood place, it is not. It is before 9am and they have 8 empty doughnut shelves sitting out. Have been here for the last 20 minutes and no shelf has been replenished, when clearly there is a demand. When asked why there is no variety, the reply was depending on whoever is in, that person makes a decision of what's needed. I would think there has to be a better approach to running a business.
5	I really love this Dunkin' Donuts location because it's all kosher and vegetarian. I squealed with delight when I ordered an egg croissant with a vegetarian sausage and cheese. I don't think I've ever been able to do that at a fast-food restaurant! This is certainly the star point for me. I wouldn't go to Dunkin' Donuts otherwise. The donuts here are a little more unique too. I can't remember names, but there are specialty donuts that I have never seen before. That's a plus! The coffees are pretty tasty, and they are a fraction of the price of Starbucks. However, they can be a bit sweet! I think next time I will order one of the non-sugar ones instead. The environment here is busy and friendly. I've never had a bad experience at this location. The staff and patrons are usually there with a big ol' smile on their face. If you're a vegetarian, and you want something quick and very cheap, this is definitely the place to go! You can even get something moderately healthy if you play your cards correctly, and you can't really beat that.
4	I give it 4 stars because the staff are friendly.The problem is that they do not have lots of options
2	For some reason, I was craving donuts/munchkins so I came here. I honestly, don't even like DD so I don't know why I came...But I was trying to satisfy my craving and asked about the munchkins because the menu didn't make it clear that you could get any number of munchkins. The lady confirmed so I ended up getting a random number of them but what the lady should've told me is the deal I could've gotten if I actually bought one of their set numbers... Kind of annoying.Like all DD locations... not the cleanest. I did see some people sitting in there and doing work on their laptops. So they must be doing at least something right?
4	This is a good location for a DD's and I really like the fact that there is a pretty big parking lot behind it. There are plenty of seats if you are staying and free wifi. All the food tasted like regular DD's food.
4	This is a really great DD location.  It's nice to have a place with fasting friendly food during Lent in the neighborhood (because it's kosher and vegetarian, there are some vegan options to be had here)!  The staff are friendly and the decor is nice, especially the working gas fireplace.  The only thing that prevents me from giving it 5 stars is that it is frequently packed with middle and high schoolers after school and on the weekends, making it a less appealing place to study or read than Starbucks or other coffee shops in the neighborhood.  I don't mean to sound like a crochety old man, but sometimes it's very difficult to focus in here.  Then again, I'm a Boston native, so you know I'm still coming here anyway on principle for nostalgia's sake.
1	This dunkin no longer has non-vegetarian options. I'm all for having kosher/veg choices - but fake bacon was an unpleasant surprise.
