4	My favorite Starbucks.  Not sure what makes this one special, but they seem to be very consistent with their drinks and all the baristas and cashiers are friendly.  I'm a chai fan, and they seem to always get my drink just right (which I can't say about other locations).  There's not a lot of seats though, and most that are there are right beside where everyone walks, so there's not really any good place to meet or enjoy a drink.  When the weather is nice you can sit outside, which may be a better option for those that like to stay on premise.
1	My worst Starbucks experience, ever. Every time I go in there the staff is rude with the exception of two girls, both of which make killer drinks. But speaking about everyone else, they're goal is to push you through the line as quickly as possible, even if you're the only one in there. When you need a modification made to a drink they get all bent out of shape for it. I'm sooo sorry to make you reach for nonfat milk.  My advice, restaff your store or lose business.
3	Strange layout since this has two entrances located on the endcap of the strip mall. Still gets the job done. Apparently there are a lot of college kids that frequent the location.... which is fine but when the employees ignore customers to chat it up with friends.... not too cool in my book.
4	Ha, apparently I am on a world tour for Starbucks!This was my first visit to this one, situated at the edge of "The Arbors" shopping center.High notes: Fast & friendly service. My boyfriend & the barista bantered back & forth about baseball.  The place was clean.  To echo Adam's comments, it does seem kinda small. It's in an "L" or "E" shape.  Of course, there's seating outside, should you want to sit out in the elements.A plus, I wanted a salted caramel mocha & they fixed it! They had the ingredients left over from this "fall only" offering. The drink was perfect!I love that there's other shopping & eating to do in this area.  Get a Starbucks to start off your shopping & eating pleasures.
4	Politeness overload in this part of town. All manners and such. But it's nice. The lady behind the counter had no blond roast left, so she gave me some Pike Place in the venti size for a free upgrade.
4	This is the friendliest Starbuck's in Charlotte! The staff is fast, courteous, and fun! The drinks are consistently good and perfectly blended. I enjoy going in at 6 a.m. every morning to be greeted by the friendly staff - I feel like Norm in "Cheers"! My only complaint...I wish it were a drive thru! Keep up the great work - you're always a great start to my day.
2	Wow, it's amazing what a difference it makes when you (A) lose half your staff and replace them with the inept, unsocial, and untrained - and (B) you add a bunch of new food items that not only suck but most of the tried and true items are no longer available. I guess it's true what they say..."good things don't last forever." Best of luck Starbucks...you're gonna need it! You may be the biggest, but you're not the only game in town. Time to find a new breakfast watering hole.
4	It's a Starbucks with pretty quick service. You'd have thought that with an end unit they would have a drive thru. That would give this place another star.
4	Smaller sized Starbucks that's not far from the Interstate. They do not have a drive through.Inside, the usual stuff that I've seen at dozens upon dozens of *$ in the US and Europe. Staff was friendly and quick, accepting my empty foil bag of store-bought coffee for a free tall coffee.
