1	Only came here because we had a $10 off certificate. Will not be returning.Came here in a Friday night around 8. Terrible service. Took our waiter forever to even come up and greet us. This is the type of place that serves peanuts and you throw em on the floor, so come expecting griminess. So we filled up mostly on peanuts, because again it took our waiter forever to even come take our food order.There was a cover band playing, which even though we were on the other end of the place, could barely hear ourselves talk. We had to basically yell at each other just to converse. Our ears were seriously ringing when we walked out. We're 25 and 32 years old, so it's not exactly like we're old foggies here complaining about loud music.The food was just so-so. I had the Hawaiian Burger and he had the Roasted Turkey and Bacon Panini. Good, but nothing to write home about.After we were done, we asked for a box, and finally another server had to go get it for us because ours was MIA. He finally came to give us the check, and went to go get us change. We waited, but he never returned, and while I may have left him more of a tip, we just left, since apparently he didn't seem to care. It's too bad because this place is right down the street from us and we occasionally like to go to bars to watch a game and grab some food. Will not be returning to this place though.
1	We gave this place 2 chances, both ending with a FAIL!  This place is close to where I live so we were hoping to find a great bar with good food.  Unfortunately, what we found was quit opposite.  First time, I ordered a chicken sandwich and got a burger instead... Second time- We went in to watch the UFC fights since they post all over the outside "UFC headquarters"... right when we walk in... the place was still not busy so we thought "great, here before the crowd"  well... this lady came up to us asking loudly "IS IT JUST YOU TWO?" as we go to a table she asks if we can MOVE to the table next to us, "because it gets really busy" so we went to the bar instead and sat.... So I really felt like we as customers, were not appreciated!! They wanted to MOVE US out of the way for "real" customers I guess....  SKYBOX YOU FAIL
5	Awesome wings, especially the "Skybox style."  A surprisingly great item is the five-cheese sandwich with a cup of their amazing tomato-basil soup.  It has four cheeses inside and is grilled with parmesan on the outside to make it ultra crispy.
4	My first time here was in April.  It was quiet, the staff was nice, the drink selection was fair and the good was rather good.  I went back after the 1st of May, where I found out the place was under new management.I've tried more things on the menu and rarely have yet to be dissapointed.  Their wings are quite good.  They have a bacon and cheese crisp with mild chilli which is really good.  The sliders and burgers are a must for fans of each I think.  They've had a few nights where they were a bit light on the wait staff, which they did apologize for and they've been quite friendly every time I have been there.  Between that factored with the good food and decent drink offerings, I think they've found a new regular.
