5	Someone decided to throw a very large rock through our window today at Abby Bella. Smashed the window in broad daylight opened the cash register, took the cash and got away before anyone saw.Just as quickly, Speedy Glass showed up, cleaned up the mess and replaced my window with an even better pane of glass than we lost. What could have been a very long and difficult day, was made much better by my tech, Jeff, who saved our day.I highly recommend Speedy Glass, very prompt, professional, and helpful.
5	The weekend I bought my car, I drove it on the freeway, aaaaand you already know - a rock hit my windshield. At the time I didn't think it was a big deal, well the crack grew and I had to replace the windshield!I called around a few places and Speedy Glass had the most competitive prices! Not only that but they come to you at NO additional cost! Talk about convenience! The installer calls when he's on his way so you're not surprised when he's knocking on your door! The installer that came to me -Steve - was his name was very friendly and professional despite the 106 degree weather he was working in!I'm VERY satisfied with Speedy Glass and would definitely recommend it to anyone in need of their services!!!
2	I picked these guys because they had a few good reviews on yelp and used that to sway my decision.  They did a great job getting back with me and scheduling someone to come out to get the measurements done on the house.  However, after that I never heard back from them.  I would call, and they would tell me someone would be installing the window the next day.  Nobody came out or called, and I would have to call back and see when the work was getting done. That happened 3 times.  If I didnt have to go through another quote process with another company, I would have just not used speedy Glass and gone with another company.  However, I needed the window installed with the hot weather we have here in AZ and couldnt afford to miss any more days haggling on pricing and installation times, etc.   I would not recommend them going forward based on their service time and response times, unless you can wait a few weeks to get a window replaced.
5	I have worked with speedy glass for years. They have replaced my windshield twice over the last couple years - one of the joys of living in a rural area - and are always professional and respectful. Never had any problems with the work done and love that they use manufacturer glass. Thank you speedy!
5	I needed the side window of my Volvo replaced ASAP and, true to their name, Speedy Glass was able to come out and do it the very next day.  The price was excellent and their installer (I think his name was Kyle?) was on time, friendly and professional.  Definitely recommended!
