4	This place only serves one dish, falafel sandwiches, and they are delicious!   Fast and cheap, don't expect friendly service from the owner-operator who's been there for years.  I usually pick up my sandwich to go and start digging in as soon as I'm out the door.
4	Maybe the best falafel in montreal. However, don't expect friendly environment. The restaurant is ran by a Lebanese man and his wife who both can be rude
1	BY FAR THE BEST TASTING FALAFEL IN MONTREAL!!!! -HOWEVER.....,the service experience can be a hit or miss all depending on their mood. Most of the time it's a miss. I always get nervous when I walk into this place. They never say hello when you walk in, they could be watching their Lebanese soap opera and you might be disturbing them in the process of trying to give them your order. So sometimes you wait, and wait, and wait until they actually look at you. They take your order without any acknowledgement as if they're doing you a favor. Furthermore, they talk in Arabic among others and make you feel stupid. Over the years I used to laugh and would tolerate their behavior thinking that it was just like in a scene from a Seinfeld episode except this was only darker.  After today's experience I decided to NEVER step foot into this place again. You will notice on their walls they have almost 50 pics (if not more) of the Virgin Mary. this is probably due to their guilt by treating their customers like shit. They can take their falafels and go to hell because I'm not going back. The FALAFEL NAZI's are not funny!
1	I confirm all previous reviews of this place to be 100% true.Walked in at 12:30 PM on a Friday with not even one actual client in the joint. How is this possible? The lady who seemed to be "working" here was far more interested in chit-chatting with some 'friends' about their homeland and completely and utterly ignored me and my friend for a solid 5 minutes. The food station didn't even look prepared and I seriously contemplated how this place EVEN STAYS IN BUSINESS for being this bad service wise.Maybe it's good, maybe it's not but I won't be back to find out. I have certain expectations to be actually.... you know, acknowledged when I walk in your resto.What the hell?
