3	This FedEx store has what I would term the large franchise feel. Staff is helpful and you'll get everything that FedEx has to offer when it comes to meeting your needs....BUTfor such a large chain, I'd have thought they'd provide superior PC workstations. When one pays by the minute to perform certain PC tasks (surfing, designing, etc), it does work in the company's favor if the PC is slow. I'm sure its this way in pretty much all FedEx locations, so if you're using one of their workstations, make sure you don't end up staying logged in for long.
3	I frequently stop in here on my way home from work when I need to ship out a package. Staff is always friendly and helpful.
4	I had a very immediate need to print something that someone had emailed to me and I was too far away from home to go back there. Here's FedEx/Kinko's to the rescue!Sign in to their workstation with a credit card swipe, bring up the email, print the email, sign out. $1.32 and done. I didn't have to wait in line and I didn't even have to deal with a clerk.Note: I do not suggest that anyone ever use one of these public "kiosk" machines to access your email account. Instead, create a "throwaway" mailbox and forward and sign in to that one. This is how hackers get access to your mailbox - by capturing the letters you type on a public keyboard! With doodads like this: http://www.amazon.com/Keyllama-4MB-USB-Value-Keylogger/dp/B004ZGXU48Kinko's is great, just be aware!
4	I've used this location several times for printing and shipping needs.  The staff has always been attentive and helpful.  The self-print set-up is convenient and cost effective, even though the software is a little clunky to use if you're printing a few different documents.
1	Do yourself a favor and go to another kinkos location. This one is the absolute worst I've ever encountered across the country. Slow is an understatement. They are under staffed and they don't care at all. I waited 25 minutes for 5 pages of black and white text to print. FIVE PAGES. There was literally not one person in there when i walked in. In that moment, they were over staffed and still didnt care. At all. Consider yourself warned.
