4	I recently went to the Outer Limits for our friends bachelor party.  We had private strippers coming to the house later night as a surprise so we weren't getting that wild. Just chilling by the stage having drinks and dishing out dollars.  The girls varied in hotness and their stripping styles.  Some girls would just shake their ass(weak), others rub their tits in your face (typical), others even more (gymnastics vagina in your face). One great thing about Outer Limits is their stag setup.  Two girls at once on stage, then one rotates to the nude side and a new one . One half just topless and the other totally nude.  So if there is a girl you like you can move seats and see her twice and fully nude.  If your not digging the lady they rotate pretty frequently.  The girls were nice and seemed to really enjoy their work.  One chick in particular, Mia. Damn. What a knockout.  Hottest chick in the place by far.  Got a lap dance for our bachelor and he said it was top notch.  It was 40 bucks for two songs and came with t-shirt.  Cover charge is a little steep.  $10.  Interior is nice and chairs at the stage are comfortable.  Average strip club drink prices.  4.50 for a Highlife.  Not sure about mixed drinks. I never get them in clubs.   Better than two times I have been to Visions and the once I have been to Chubby's.
4	When four friends simultaneously text you to get out of bed at 10:30 on a Sunday night to come meet them, it's probably going to be for a ridiculous reason. Last night was no exception. The combination of one friend's birthday and the state-wide party that was the Packers defeating the Bears to clinch the NFC Championship led to only one logical outcome: go to a strip club. A couple miles out from where University Avenue and the Beltline intersect in Middleton, Outer Limits feels like it's in the boonies, tucked away across from a golf course and in between industrial buildings. Despite the seedy-seeming surroundings, Outer Limits is by far the least creepy and gross strip club I've been to. Everything looked clean, the girls didn't look sad and coked out, and while the clientele was mostly male, there were several mixed-gender groups. Since it was a Sunday, admission was two-for-one ($5 a person), and ladies do have to pay (in my previous strip club forays, ladies got in free - but those places were gloomy dens of sadness so it made sense they'd cut women a deal to get them in). Going to a strip club isn't something I'm necessarily going to recommend, but if you find yourself in the position, there are far worse places you could end up than Outer Limits.
1	I took a group of people to this Establishment for a Birthday Party.  I would highly encourage everyone reading this review to AVOID this place. The Bouncers at this club are absolutely obnoxious.  What could have been a great time turned into an absolute nightmare when they kicked our birthday girl out for accidentally walking outside with a drink in her hands.  Seriously?!?  I have been attending similar establishments for years and have never seen a more incompetent set of bouncers.  Typically, a bouncer is supposed to bring business into the club and encourage them to spend money.  If someone steps out of line with the girls they should step in.  The bouncer at the front door didn't even walk us into the club, offer our group a private table, or encourage us to go VIP.   This group of idiots is more concerned with kicking people out, flexing their muscles, groping the girls, and talking with each other than bringing people in and encouraging them to spend money on the dancers. If you enjoy being heckled by bouncers on a power trip you might enjoy this place.  If not I would definitely try the other establishments in town.  I can tell you they certainly appreciate your business a whole lot more than this place.  I will NEVER be back.  This place doesn't even deserve the one star I had to give it.
3	First, I love strip clubs. I've been to a handle full of them and this is one is average. It's really expensive for the quality. Not saying the girls are bad, they're actually pretty hot most of the time, but the private dance areas suck. Why aren't there private rooms or booths? I had to deal with a creeper in another booth watch me with one of the dancers. That's just not my idea of a good time. I always get a private dance at strip clubs, but not here. Sure, it can be fun getting stares for the girl-on-girl action going on when I tip at the stage, but when I'm in the back I want it to be private.The first few times I went here was just a random night with friends. The girls were fairly nice and plenty attractive. The place was fairly dead so we got to camp out at the stage without getting death glares. That was pretty nice. The most recent time I went was for the oh so lovely Joanna Angel (who was a total peach, by the way). That night the place was packed! Either time was fine. I see the benefits of a dead strip club and a packed one.Ok, this may be odd, but I've always envied the way strippers feel and smell (note here that I'm a female and not just some old, creepy guy).They're just so soft and they usually smell intoxicating. If I could smell like a stripper, I would in a heart beat. I've tried to figure it out and just can't seem to. The girls here don't seem to usually have the same feel or smell. It makes me a little sad.Anyway, I tend to have more of an issue here with the girls than other places. I know I'm a girl in a strip club, but I can promise you I'm way more interested than the guys I'm with. Being in a relationship with a guy doesn't mean I don't like women. I'm not giving you death glares nor am I hanging on my boyfriend looking upset. Maybe I have "resting bitch face" or something. Either way, please don't treat me like I'm just a tag along. I'm tired of my boyfriend getting a better show because you think he'll like you more. I'm probably going to get the final say when we get a private dance together and I usually push for them more.The only other issue I have here is that the women tend to be too small breasted for my taste. They also seem to get confused with my glasses when they go to rub them on me after a tip at the stage. I know glasses can make it awkward, but it's ok to take them off or ask me to. I just don't want to take them off until I have to so I can actually see when you're dancing in front of me.Quick mention, the alcohol isn't badly priced, but it's not good. The drinks tend to be on the stronger side and not bad. I have yet to try the food here.Well, as far as local clubs go this is going to be the best you find. If you have the time and money, I HIGHLY suggest going to Chicago.
5	Silk Madison is the ultimate adult playground with the best in adult entertainment the area has to offer! They have monthly events with national feature acts along with great specials for each night of the week! Hot girls , great drinks , and excellent service from the staff...
