5	This place is a hidden gem! First and foremost, the coffee is unreal. Easily the best Americano I have had in Montreal. The food is also delicious and incredibly affordable. All bagel-style sandwiches are made on St. Viateur bagels. You can add a side salad and potatoes for a few extra dollars. The atmosphere is perfect- amazing decor (eclectic) and the place is never too busy! I guess that's because it's a bit hard to notice from the outside, since there isn't extensive signage. Bonus features: the male cook is a babe! :)
5	Amazing breakfast! The entire menu was in French, so I just picked something random and hoped for the best (although the woman behind the counter helped me the best she could). I cannot remember the name of the exact thing I ordered since the entire menu was in French, but it was a bagel with spinach, tomato, and a sunny side up egg, and a salad on the side. Being a New Yorker, I am a bagel aficionado, and this was my first experience with a "Montreal bagel." I was impressed, and although both are very different, they both are very good. The interior was very cute and modern, and the prices weren't too terrible for the area. It's everything you hope to expect from a small cafe. I would stop by again if I was visiting Montreal.
3	The place is pleasant and comfortable, and the coffee is fantastic. The Montreal style bagels were good, but if you are coming from NY/NJ and expecting something you'd find at home you will be disappointed. Still, the bagel sandwiches were good (I had the "Alaska" and the lox was plentiful and tasty).  Giving three stars mainly because of the service - the food came out at all different times and they completely forgot my order and brought it out after the rest of my family had eaten.
4	The juices here are excellent - super fresh, no added sugar. This place atmosphere is great too! Super cozy. The staff was really helpful and nice to help me decide on my order. I am not a big fan of bagels but I got the montrealais and it was really yummy. The only downside would be that the bagels come with chips.
