1	I came in here at 9 pm on labor day which was Monday September 5th. when I got there the doe was locked and the open sign was off? I looked inside and saw a teenage guy and teenage girl run in the back and try to hide..wow the place doesn't close until 1030...are you joking? So I left and have them a call asking if they were still open. By now it was 930, the kid responded with of were closed now and I asked what time do you close? He said 1030..I told him its only 930 and the dumb kid responded with of I'm and hour backwards ok were open! This place is filed with little high school kids that are disrespectful and do not want to work. Honestly there lucky that I didn't show up the next day and let the manager know about it. I hope that the owner or manager reads this and takes care of the problem.
4	Sometimes there is a line, sometimes there is not. But I always receive the same amount of good service and food at this Subway. The staff is friendly and they know how to make a sandwich. The breads are always fresh, as well as the meats, cheeses and veggies. What more can I say? Subway. Eat Fresh.
4	It is Subway - chain fast food (although they don't call it that). While most of the subs are healthy, it is the stuff you start putting on them (extra mayo, cheese sauce, etc) that makes them bad for you.This particular Subway, and the rating - the service here is FAST. Don't worry if you see a long line, you will speed right through it. All the ingredients are always fresh.LOST STAR = The dining room is not always the cleanest. The few times I have ate in the dining area, I had to clean my own table before sitting down. They just need someone to come out from behind the counter every 15 min to wipe and broom... this would be a 5 star place.
4	It's been dead in here every time I've been, which is fine by me. That means no wait! The deals are great and the food is always delicious!
4	I like Subway all around, and this is a good location.  During lunch and dinner rushes the place can get really packed, so I generally try to avoid those times if possible.  Service is always fast and friendly.  Since there's so much traffic you know everything is rotated and fresh.  Pretty easy location to get in and out of.
5	Is a kiss just a kiss?  Is every Subway created equal?  I think not. Despite living in the area for seven years and being a big Subway fan, I had never been to this one.  Walked in at 12:30 PM in the heat of the lunch hour rush and there must have been a dozen people in front of me.  I wasn't in a hurry so I settled in for what I thought would be at least a little wait.  Not really, they had the place staffed with a great crew, everyone was extemely friendly, made a great sandwich and I found a clean table to eat at.  They offer fresh brewed ice tea and have a cooler full of other beverage options.Subway does a great job of being consistent on the food at their restaurants, but it's the attention to details at the franchisee level that makes the difference and this one is definitely a gem.  Looking forward to going back (and it'll be sooner than seven years).
