3	After eating breakfast here during their FREE Grand Slam promo. I thought I'd hit a few more during the day.I drove to 2 other locations before I stopped in here. This promotion publicized very well. Alot of people must haved called in and every senior on the planet was in line for some grub.This time around I took the free grand slam but I also ordered some Hashbrowns and toast. I decided to be bold and order my eggs sunny side up-what the hell their free so if they fail no biggie.I was very impressed-my eggs were perfect-the hashbrowns slightly crispy and my toast was not burnt.This one was much better than the 1st but the refills were a little slow coming and this place wasn't nearly as busy as the others.Well after being completely egged out for the day we both got some cheesecake for dessert. They have 3 new flavor-we tried turtle & raspberry. Incredible for a fast food diner.Next time I'm starting with the dessert.
5	I was thinking about the Denny's promo and how bad I felt for the servers who didn't get any tips since the meal they were serving was free. For you mathematically-challenged Yelpers - $0 meal = $0 tip :) Then I started thinking about all the Denny's I've been too and if any of them stood out. And this is the one that stood out...well not specifically this location, but a server we had one morning. This lady was AWESOME!!! I can't for the life of me remember her name though. I don't even know if she still works there, but if she does you have to hunt her section down!! She is the most motherly, loving, sweetest lady I've ever met!! She immediately greets you as you sit down and gets your drink order. She even offers suggestions if you're not sure. She includes with her service a good dousing of "honeys, sweeties, dolls" too. I know some people hate being called that...but you'll immediately fall in love with her gushing over you. She repeats your order to you, jokes with you and is always smiling. And she always checks on you. She even knows when you're slowing down and will immediately ask if you need a box. The icing on this wonderful experience is that she brought out our drinks in TO GO cups so we could have something to drink on the road!! I was floored...shoot...I still am! Her service was sooo outstanding I think we tipped her what our bill came out to be. And we told the manager about how awesome her service is.
1	I ordered food to go and it was a disaster. I had to send my food back four times and they still couldn't get it right. When a refund was requested, I was told that i'd have to wait for their IT guy to call me and set up the transaction since I paid with a credit card. Still waiting to be contacted...
4	We stopped here for an early dinner last night after an appointment.  It's a typical Denny's that caters to people of my age--gray hairs.  I had the Super Bird, a turkey sandwich with cheese and bacon.  It's been a long time since I had one and it tasted very good.  My wife had an omelet and she was quite pleased with it.For dessert I splurged and got their new Red Velvet Pancake Puppies Sundae.  Red Velvet dougnut holes with cream cheese frosting and vanilla ice cream.  Super!  Probably 1,000 calories in dessert alone.  :-)Our server, Travis, was excellent.  He was polite and very much on the ball with answering questions, taking the order, and refilling drinks.  I am a fan of this location!
1	Its always something with this location they have the rudest staff i have ever come across in my life and this review is to cover the six or seven times i have been here over the last two years..........I guess the only reason i went back was too hope they had a staff change but I'm always disappointed their air conditioning is always broken so its usually muggy and sticky  (but don't worry the staff has already aired the owners dirty laundry and said they are too cheap to fix it) So if i don't leave because of that its usually because the servers are sooooo rude i have to leave.  I have called for to go orders several times and they either don't answer the phone or whom ever does makes me feel like the biggest inconvenience i just hang up....i think i have actually only stayed one visit out of six or seven ...i finally reviewed them today because once again i call for to go and i called three times and the first time it rang and rang the other two i got hung up on after a few rings BUT!! The Dennys on Charleston and Torrey pines super awesome every time i will NEVER return to this location
4	Great service, looks like new staff who know what their doing!
2	Krystal was pretty cool i guess... she did forget my appetizer but was apologetic and compensating....my food was ok but i got a message from a fellow yelper to give this place another try ..the a.c. was on so i wasnt dying in sweat and after my expeirience today i might go back maybe.........
3	It's 2 am and you're hungry. That's what Denny's is for, right? Ok, maybe not all the time but that's what  this particular location is for me. I've never had bad service here, the staff is always friendly and reasonably quick.The food, well, it's Denny's. No it's not AAA Mobile diamond rated but it almost always fits the bill...literally, because it's cheap too.So thank you Mr Denny or whoever founded this American institution of road side fare, without this, millions of hungry late-nighters would be lost.
5	Very fast to get seated the two mornings we went. Service was pretty good, didn't matter much since I was eating here to recover from the previous nights! It's Denny's what else can you say.
4	Ok so it's a Denny's. I am mourning the demise of the Baconallia menu. Fear not I was allowed to have the Bacon Brownie, are you kidding me? Now of course once they run out of the materials, then its really over, but the point is (not only to create a horribly structured run on sentence) but to let you know that the staff and especially the night manager, will go the extra mile to make the customer happy, sadly a rarity in this day and age. So if you are on the West Side, God help you (Hey just kidding) Stop in. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	Denny's food is just whatever but the service sucks. My fork had food on it for one. There was only one server and she didn't even ask us if we needed anything. I wouldnt recommend this location
4	We used to go to this Denny's and then the service was so bad we stopped.  Had breakfast today and the new management has whipped this restaurant into shape.  The service is great thank you.
1	This place has the worst customer service.  I had to get up 3 times to get more creamer and napkins!  This place is awful.
1	Never eating at a Denny's in Vegas again.. I thought it was just the Denny's on fort apache and trop but I guess it's this one as well.. First of all the establishment is filthy! They need a surprise health inspection ASAP! My glass came out with lipstick on it so I asked for another glass and the server just looked at me like I ugh.. Okay!?! Then our food came out and it was swimming in oil.. Hmmm yummy! Then I notice hair in my food =\  can you say gross! After that I completely lost my appetite.. Never again..
1	Service is beyond bad.  Have currently been sitting down for the past 20 minutes without service. :(
2	It was just okay.  Tables were dirty ... looked at tables around us and they were all dirty.  I scraped off the cream cheese mix off my part of the table.  Kinda gross.   Had to wait until we got our bill to get the kids cup my son wanted - which by the way we ordered when we ordered our food.  Husband got steak and eggs (steak over cooked), I got the philly cheese steak omlet (lets put it this way the cheese didnt melt) it was luke warm, kids breakfest was as expected.  Waitress was slow.
1	Walked in at 1:15am August 10, 2014 & walked out 1:30.. A waitress touched pancakes with her dirty ass hands after she rang up seven people at the cash register . & serve the pancakes cold as well.
1	I mean it's Denny's, the "McDonalds of breakfast." Can't really be mad that the food quality was poor and the service was mediocre. Our waitress simply provided piss poor service because we asked her to do her job. Won't be back to this place.
5	I always get great service here!
1	"Grab a seat where ever it's clean... If there's any!" Was the lovely greeting I received as I walk in ... So I proceed to grab a seat... I'm sorry but this is already a terrible experience at this all time famous favorite breakfast restaurant... I think it's time to revise customer service skills from their employees if u ask me! I just want some steak and eggs for my post workout not to be treated like some inconvenience to your business... There's too many incredible people out there with no jobs to have this quality of employees running your business! Ugh it's so annoying to see!
1	Well it took about 20 minutes before they came in and took our order that food was really good now we sit again for another 20 minutes for our bill
5	This is off the strip and worth the fifteen minute drive.... we were seated within 3 minutes, the service was amazing. Anna was very attentive to our party... The manager, Marvin even checked on our table to see if we were doing ok... The food was hot and ready within a few minutes of us ordering it... if you want great service and a great experience go off the strip and come here...
