4	Pool is heated , nice and warm ! this is where bch swim team practice is , the coaches are very nice and help the kids a lot . you can do all you want at the multigen while your child is at swim team . they have a great activity pool that runs during the summer. big slide and lots of water features .there are lots of classes that kids can do here find them on line and check out all they have.
4	Awesome place with fantastic courses for young children. I have enrolled my 8 year old in cooking and swimming and she has loved it. Great asset to the community!
2	This is a fantastic pool for the kiddos...however not so much for the adults who have to play Where's Waldo with their offspring because its so dang crowded. The lifeguards are good but they border being the swim gestapo (you have to be within arms distance of your kid under 8 at all times...gimme a break) and they are always excited to use their whistle. You can't use your own individual floaties...you must use connected ones or another Coast Guard approved life jacket.Overall it was a fun day....cheap to get in ($3 for adults, $2 for 3-17 year olds and 2 and under free) and you can bring your own lunch. However get there at 11am on the dot (maybe earlier) or you won't get a good spot to lounge and be prepared to wade in a warm, salt water pool keeping your kids unreasonably close to you. Unfortunately for me the monkeys had a blast so we will be back.
4	By the People, for the People.Being that I've been here numerous times in the past 5+ years, I guess it's high time I write a review.  Maybe I should preface my review by saying that this is the only community center I've frequented.  So I really don't have a lot to compare it to.  Being that as it may, I am giving this place four solid stars for one simple reason: it keeps my family entertained.The activities and class offered year-round are reasonably priced and are a great way to get the kids to try something new.  Whether it was toddler dance classes, kids' swim lessons or art for the little ones, there are a ton of choices.  Some classes are as little as $35 for six one-hour lessons.  That's a steal!  Hard part is telling my kids they can't do something.They have a small fitness facility and indoor walking/running track that my mother-in-law utilizes.  I believe it's only $2 per visit of a 30 visit punch card for $20.  They've got monthly and annual rates, as well, but I don't know pricing on those.  During the summer, the pool area is fantastic for the kids.  Unfortunately, it gets ridiculously crowded.  But hey, that's the trade off, right?  In addition to all that, they host concerts, craft fairs, farmer's markets and sporting events.  This really is a place our community can be proud of.  Like many things, there are improvements that can be made and activities they could add.  However, since it is a community center, they operate within a tight budget and obviously cannot be everything to everyone.  That said, I am knocking off a star for not having enough parking at times, especially on the weekends and special events.  It's a gripe that cannot be fixed without major expense, so I'm not expecting a miracle.Regardless, parking far away and walking is not going to kill me (though some of the drivers who speed through here might).  For the numerous benefits my family takes from the Multigen, I am most definitely a fan.
4	The Henderson Multigen Center (HMC from here on out) is better than your average rec center. With a rock climbing wall, reading room for parents waiting for their kids, pool and a multitude of fitness and wellness classes, it is THE rec center.I wish I took advantage of the classes more but so far have only taken a Hawaiian dance class (super fun!) and yoga. The classes are cheap and run for 6-8 weeks each. I think I paid $30-40 for the dance class and the yoga was $36 but I only paid $30 because I'd already missed two classes. You can drop-in on classes  (usually $8) and see if you like it which is a great option especially if it's something you've never done before.It's very family friendly, offering lots of classes for kids and I believe you can sign kids up for soccer, basketball, etc leagues through the center. Like I mentioned there is a "quiet" room for parents waiting for their kids and it looks like a mini library which comfortable seating and lots of books.The parking lot can get kind of busy, but they have another lot across the street (that one can get pretty crowded as well). If anything, you can probably park at the Paseo Verde library and walk-you're going there for fitness after all and a 2 minute walk won't hurt you!The center is clean and organized and again has many classes!
5	I have been going to the black mountain rec center for a while now and yesterday i went here and it is AMAZING its huge and has every class imaginable did a drop in spin class, having never gone to a spin class ever the instructor was nice enough to help me with my bike and told us do what we could.Well we happened to drop into an intermediate spin class,It kicked my ass.The customer service here is great the girls that work the front desk are patient and took the time to help us. i will defiantly keep going to this rec center it makes the black mt rec center look super ghetto.
4	nice facility, great cheap programs for my kids.
4	I've been coming here for about a month for an exercise class, so I've only seen a very small portion of what the center offers. However, what I have seen is pretty great. The facility is clean and spacious. The signage is great, which I love, since I hate getting lost in a building. There are indoor and outdoor pools, ping pong tables, some kind of daycare situation and a lounge for the adults. I've seen someone getting a private piano lesson. There are a few large rooms for exercise classes, as well as a room for spinning classes (definitely want to do that!).The most problematic part is the parking situation. My current class is in the evening, and being girl by herself, I prefer being able to park close to the doors, in a nice well-lit lot. Rather, the closest lot is a bit small and isn't too bright at night. There are auxiliary lots, but they're farther away and darker. All in all, I'd sign up for another class. This is a great community resource!
4	They have plenty to offer as far as classes and exercise programs for all ages. My favorite class I've been going to here so far are Hot Hula Fitness classes. Fun and energetic! It is a core cardio workout to drumbeats. They offer this class both morning and evening times. Classes are held in the aerobic room.  It is huge, has a cool view of the Vegas valley, well ventilated, and the acoustics from the sound system is good, music can be played loud but it doesn't interfere with other classes next door and vice versa. What's cool you can also drop in and try out different classes here if you don't want to sign up for a full session.   The rec center itself is pretty impressive looking inside and out. The inside layout is a semi circle shaped with the rock wall as the main feature when you enter from the front entrance. I have yet still to utilize the indoor track, indoor pool, fitness center but intend to when I sign up for the Healthy Henderson Fitness Program. A big plus they keep all these programs affordable for residents. Only negative is the parking lot is not large enough to accommodate this busy center.
4	Henderson Multigenerational Center is basically a rec center located off Green Valley in the Henderson area.  Because I live about 25 minutes away, I probably will not be here too often.  But it's also not uncommon for me to drive to different gyms in Vegas throughout the week to mix it up.  Parking is small, but not an issue in the mornings.  The track is free and that's why I go here. Features:-Full size indoor basketball court-Olympic size pool-Fitness room with cardio and weight machines-Dance classes.  I need to see the Hot Hula Class in action. I said see, not participate.-Yoga classes-Pool tables and ping pong tables-Small track-Rock climbing wall-Kitchen classesI was actually surprised with the size of this place and all the features.  If I'm working on my cardio (which I hate) and in the area, I will make it a point to get a quick workout HMC.  During the summer, the pool will definitely come in handy for a couple quick laps. Overall, Henderson Multigenerational Center is a great change of pace for me.  I prefer to hit the weights, but know that cardio is just as important.  I see myself coming back.  Most likely really soon.
4	I am currently coming to Henderson Multi-Generational Rec Center to learn how to swim and so far, I enjoy it.  There is an indoor track, basketball court, ping-pong tables, pool tables, and they offer many different types of class such as dance, self-defense, cooking class, etc.  There is also a rock climbing class that cost $2 a climb or an all day pass for a small fee.  I really enjoy this Rec Center and when we do have kids, I would take them here for the various classes offered.
4	With an indoor walking track, and several classes being offered-everything from exercise classes to cooking and hobbies for children and adults, this is a nice community center. They also have a gym as well as a swimming pool with aqua classes. Its family friendly and right next to the paseo verde park and library. With a new baby, I plan to spend lots of time here this summer!
4	I have been coming to this center since we moved to Henderson in 2008. Have taken hula, jazz and currently tap. Our tap instructor is fantastic. She is fantastic!!!!! Takes her time, and will make sure that you are not left out. Highly recommend her class. You can't complain about the price either. The Multigen offers something for everyone (age, skills, schedule). Best value in town!!!!
5	Love the activity pool here. We are new parents, and it is so kid friendly.Just be ready for the jerks who are in the parking lot.Especially the ones who think that they, and their children are just too fragile to walk. They will mow down just about anyone,  including the handicapped and the elderly.and 15 minute parking should be enforced! There's signs up, but so many people abuse it.
5	Soo my husband and I were looking for a place with an indoor pool! And I found this place on yelp! We checked it out and it was huge! They had an indoor track, indoor basketball court, indoor and outdoor pool, rock climbing, and they also do activity a for the kids (all different ages) and adults there. Zumba, cooking classes, karate, swimming classes, and even classes for the little kids i think 11months and up (I was happy about that bc my daughter is 14 months). Anything you could possibly think of they do it there! Yes this place is pretty popular soo expect it to be PACKED with people. :p
4	Over the years my daughter has taken many classes from educational, swimming lessons, dance/ gymnastics.  Teachers have always been great and we will continue to use them.
4	Dropped in for the first time yesterday to take a spin class.  The multigenerational center is just another example of the awesomeness that is Henderson.  This city really goes all out to provide excellent community spots and resources.  There is such a wide variety of fitness and activity offerings available that span across the age groups.  Judging by the activity lists there really is something for everyone.  For only $8 I was able to join a friend in spin and for $40 you can join the full 4 week session.  There was a pretty good turnout although the class wasn't overly full.  The equipment seemed great (but I don't have a lot to compare it to since I've never done spin before). Downsides: The center itself was really packed.  My friend mentioned that it was the start of new classes that day and people taper off after a week or so.  There was a long line at the cashier which moved very slowly.  The parking situation was pretty horrendous and you'd think it'd be better considering that they serve such a wide range of people within the community.  But I feel lucky to have this place at all so I can't complain too much about these inconveniences.  Definitely plan on taking more spin classes here and possibly checking out some of the other fitness options.  (Although another yelper did tell me that Gold's Gym is only 15 bucks a month and includes unlimited courses so if I do get into spin I may go that route instead.)
4	The Wife and I just started the spin classes, they're great! parking is a challenge; but you're there to get in shape so if you're complaining about the walk, you're an idiot.
5	Very clean for the most part. I use the indoor pool on a daily basis and I do find some bugs on occasion, Im sure it is because they leave the doors open which I don't quite understand but whatever. Locker rooms are kept very nice and usually smell clean at 5am. I hate germs and am very paranoid but they take care of the facility. Staff is pretty friendly & helpful. Lifeguards seem to be high school students which kinda worries me if someone were to have an accident but I suppose they have had proper training.Overall its a good place.
5	Great Swim classes, events, and dance class. We have a 4 and 2 year old so we are here almost every week!
5	This place is great!  I've had my daughters take tumbling classes, my son do the seasonal sports and all five of my kids have used the swimming facilities.  It's affordable, safe, and diverse enough that we all look forward to trying the different classes.  My spouse loves cooking and is excited about the different types of food courses offered!  My daughters are interested in learning guitar and piano.  My sons may take karate or any number of age appropriate classes.  There is a limited day care that I haven't used yet, but am excited about the potential.  The gym is small but has what you need for a pretty good work out.  The indoor track is really nice, especially in the summer time.I just can't say enough good things about them!  I really am glad that it's here!
5	This was actually the highlight of my last Vegas trip I know, not the gold, not the girls or the alcohol but the one day to really unwind here and get to use the facilities here. I loved the pool tables, basketball courts were amazing. it was cool on a 97 degree day. My friends and I loved it coming here.  I had not really been hitting the gym lately so I had the best time ever grabbing one handed rebounds with my old and new friends, showing them I still have some BASKETBALL game left. My jumpshot was still really nice.  I hit a lot of three pointers and my team won more than 80% of the games we played here.  It was really relaxing, I mean we could have been stuffing our face again in a buffet that day but this really worked.it is the best place to visit, leave the strip next time you are in Vegas and drive over here. I wish the exact same facility was in NY, I would go all the time.-Swimming pools here looked amazing, but didn't get to go.
5	Huge place with a variety of activities to do!
5	This place is awesome, it has a indoor outdoor pool area, exercise room, indoor basketball court, rock climbing wall, dance classroom, kitchen room, pilate/yoga room, dance room, exercise room, indoor track, playroom for children, minutes away from public library, shopping center, 4-5 star hotel resort and office buildings, and parks and trails.  There are many outdoor and indoor activities for all ages.  Definitely a must see for new residence and visitors.
1	We went for the indoor pool since Heritage Complex is a bit too far. The front dest was rude, the girl who checked us in at the pool was not friendly and the pool area was pretty dark, and it was small. We will Not be going there again!
4	The Lap Swim ConnectionShort lanes M-SatLong Lanes T/Th till 10:30Over zealous Tri Athletes make long lanes hardFor the fitness swimmers to enjoy- they yell, blowWhistles and cause a lot of wake. Best to wait for tri's to clear pool or get there beforeThey do to get in a long nice stretched relaxed swim. Pros: 365 outdoor swimming,  alert  non texting staff, you are ignoredUnless you make direct contact. Most are engaging nice kids. Have never experienced pool shut down due to chemical imbalanceSeek off peak hours to swim: M-F 5:00 -2:30 pm  is pretty good 6:00 pm - closing is usually primo. Upstairs has a suit spinneret but this locker shower room is poorly organized... Mothers drag in  small boys and give you dirty looks if you  shower naked . Seriously water drainage in downstairs showers is poor. Activity pool noise and crowds in summer attending activity pool are best avoided. Hopefully the new water park in town will start getting most of the local traffic.  Kids from activity pool crash lap swim lanes in summer- lifeguards don't enforce the rules. Indoor pool is a chlorine  kid screaming  screech dome- avoid  Unless this appeals to you, you're deaf or have Aqua iPod to drown out the racket. It's  warm water in the indoor pool which is great for small kids, elderly - if you seriously swim it's just too warm. Overall, the outdoor pool needs floor work, stains and drains cleaned of gum. After school  Swim teams are full of great kids but the coaches strut  and yell.  I always meet the nicest people. Swiping there!
5	They have a fitness center, gymnasium, indoor track, wall climbing, dance classes, cooking classes an indoor, lapse and outdoor pool so make sure to bring your swim suit and gym clothes to enjoy all the fun!Check out their website for pricing and classes! Giving 5 star for clean amenities and for different things you can do all at one place!
5	I love coming here no intimidating people with perfect bodies. Warm greetings from receptionist. New workout equipments. Everybody is really happy and they are always fun to watch. They have a lot of nice activities for everyone. They also have a ton of classes. The fee is nominal. It is always clean. I lost my expensive swimsuit and guess what I found it next day.
1	I wouldn't know how this place is.. the direcrions for the address listed ended me up at "the district" shopping center on green valley parkway..
5	This is an amazing place! I was so excited to learn about this fantastic center when we moved here last year. They have a plethora of great classes ranging from fitness, cooking, music, arts-n-crafts, etc. I had my daughter in the summer camp for a couple weeks last summer and I was pretty impressed. She's also taken 2 cooking classes, a cross fit type class, and a we signed up for theatre, but because too little children enrolled, it was cancelled. The staff is friendly, the place is pretty clean, and the facilities are greater families. There's an indoor and outdoor pool, which the outdoor pool has a huge slide and fountains. There's a few fitness rooms for exercise classes and a spin room. They have a couple basketball courts, a decent gym and an indoor track for walking/running.  I feel pretty lucky to have such a great facility so close to home.
