5	I have gone to Cheri over 5 years and I have been receiving facials and waxing over 20 years.  Cheri is always on time!  Cheri has an energy that is peaceful and tranquil. Her methods and technique are beyond compare.
5	Cheri is absolutely the very best in her field I have had many facials with her.She is the only person I will let touch my skin! So very knowledgeable in everything she does! Cheri is always learning new techniques & only uses the very best products, including Young Livings oils. Wish I could afford to get a facial once a week! ! So proud of this beautiful Lady!!!!
5	I love oasis to zen and cheri!Cheri truly cares about providing a wonderful experience for her clients. She takes the time to listen to your needs, problems areas and what you want for skin care. For instance, I wanted a very simple regimen that was natural and easy for me to follow. Cheri developed that for me and it's honestly the first regimen I've ever been able to stick to. I also receive facials from Cheri and I kid-you-not people were saying the "you look different" line when they saw me. I couldn't believe it! She takes such great care of me and is a hoot to be around :) I have no problem driving to her location from summerlin. I think anyone that uses Cheri's service would not be disappointed.
5	I have been going to Cheri for over 5 years now and absolutely can't wait for my monthly visit. She is THE best at what she does and a true professional. Cheri has improved my complexion dramatically. My skin just glows! Her room is inviting and relaxing. You will not be disappointed.
5	I have been going to Cheri for all my waxing needs for years now.  She is the best at what she does and truly cares about her clients! I would highly recommend her services to those out there looking for high quality service with a great personality to boot!
5	I had never had a facial before and I was looking for somewhere that could take me the same day as my acne had flared up (a fun combo of whiteheads and cystic acne). My mistake, I didn't know that you had to make an appointment ahead of time with facials but Cheri gave me Megan's number who also works with Cheri and thankfully she had a cancellation and could see me.Megan was so sweet and thoughtful. As it was my first time I was naturally nervous but Megan explained every single step before she did anything and made sure that I was comfortable. Not only that but she shared some great skincare tips to help me with controlling my acne and gave me straight answers on how many times I should keep up with facials or microdermabrasion.I definitely recommend this service (especially as a newbie and that it fit my budget). I have been through thousands of dollars of acne treatment kits. After the facial, my skin is renewed! I wanted to cry I was so happy of how my skin felt and looked! I will be buying gift cards for my loved ones for Christmas and going back!
