5	I have been a customer of all three Madison area Octopus car washes for years and have never had a bad experience.  I get my car washed at least once weekly so in that time, I estimate that I have had at least 500 visits.  I wish I had all that money back, but I really like my car clean.  In all of those visits, I have NEVER had an unpleasant visit and always received excellent customer service, a topnotch wash, and never any damage to any of my cars.  My bottom line assessment is that for around ten bucks, this is an amazingly excellent value!
1	I was extremely unimpressed with the service at Octopus.  I paid around $50 for a interior detail only to find my back seats still dirty after leaving.  I know that I could have taken it back within a couple days with the receipt, but I was on my way out of town after the car wash and didn't have time for that.  Really, I expected it to be done nicely the first time.  I'm so sad that I paid this much for what I received. Also, I found the customer service at the  cash register to be really unfriendly.
4	I hate getting my car washed. The entire process feels pretty sleezy to me. I mean, the fact that you can spend $10 or you can spend $199 on a wash and the only difference between the two is the number of scented bottles they squirt on your coche. I fear pulling up to the attendant and hearing the pitch. It gives me more anxiety than I can explain. Add to that the fact that my car never looks as good as I want after and the whole things just irks me.BUT, Octopus is slowly changing my opinion. I needed a wash on the fly last week and went Wednesday afternoon when there was barely anyone there. I pulled up to the guy and his clipboard and said, "I just need a basic wash, nothing fancy." He said, "that would be our classic for $9.95." And just like that I was off to the vacuuming area, then the waiting area, then back in the driver's seat in 20 minutes. The setup there doesn't allow you to really give it a good look and make sure they didn't miss anything, but for ten bucks it didn't really matter to me. They have free WIFI too which makes the wait productive.
1	I hate the cost of getting my car washed, but I am admittedly lazy, so it is a necessary evil for me. I've gone to Octopus for a few years without incident, but today's trip will be my last.I've never understood why the "Diamond Wash" is their best value (and most expensive), and I've never asked, but that they lead with that seems to me akin to entering a steakhouse and being asked/directed "you'll have a filet and lobster tail?" (To be fair I have a former waiter friend who did this regularly with great success). At any rate, it's never been high pressure or problematic.I am likely trading-in my car in the coming weeks and so asked for a basic wash today, with the add-on that they clean my floor mats. I was up-charged $2. No problem. I paid, my car was pulled around, and one of the cleaners came to me to tell me it costs more to clean cloth mats because they have to steam them. I informed the gentleman that I had told the man who rang me up that I was having my mats cleaned and that was what he charged me. The employee then replied "well it's more expensive for cloth, would you like your two dollars back?" I told him, "No I wanted my mats cleaned."I approached the cash register again and informed the girl there that I had been told I needed to pay her more money. She apologized and then charge me another four dollars. I informed her that in the future it might be wise to let the customer have the mat cleaned since it was their mistake and let them know for the future it would be more expensive.Nothing.I informed her my example was a hypothetical as I would not be returning.Nothing. Then the gentleman who wrote up my ticket came in and asked "was that my ticket?"I said, "yes."The Register person said "I don't know."Nothing.No further apology.No further car washes.
5	Wow, awesome and old school! Nicest car wash I've ever been to and for $9.48 and getting the interior all done its a sweet deal!
2	As far as automatic, non-do-it-yourself car washes, this is where you'll get the bang for your buck and a quick wash.  If that's what you're shooting for, this place has the whole routine down!Even with a basic wash, they'll wipe down the interior and clean the insides of the windows.  That's pretty cool, but they use ammonia-based cleaners to get the residue to evaporate faster.  That's fine when it's used in your house, but prolonged or repeated use of the stuff will dry out the vinyl and rubber seals on your car. They janked up all the seat settings (slid them all back) so that they can get in there and wipe the dash.  Again, that's cool given how quick they wipe it down, but annoying.  Even without paying for the stinky perfume, the car still smelled like it anyway.  Eww.I believe that a DIY car wash (like the place out in Middleton or Sun Prairie) would be a better clean for ~$6, given you have your own sponge, cloth, soap, and bucket.  If you're short on time, Octopus has got your back.  Like Joyce said, it is what it is :)
1	no appt possible for detailing on weekends.  this is how this business's advertising should read.  always call ahead on weekends for detailing!!!!!!!!
3	They do a decent job with the automatic wash. And most times the detail work is acceptable. But I've had a couple experiences (today was one of them) when the express detail sucked. Lots of missed areas that I didn't catch in my haste to leave after a 30 min wait. Advice: go through your vehicle before pulling away. They are kind enough to fix the error; it just annoys me that it isn't done right from the start. First world problem, huh?
3	Well, don't go here if you're in a hurry. I took my (admittedly filthy) car in today for 'express detailing.' I got there at 8am just as they opened and I didn't drive out of there until almost 9:15. All of the staff are very polite and helpful, they even have someone to greet you when you come in from outside to direct you to where you pay and then where you can wait. And they did a very thorough job on my car. Three gripes besides the fact that it took more than a hour when the "bay time" sign said the express detail was less than 40 minutes. 1) It's obnoxious that even when you're paying $39.95 for the express detail, they also make you get a car wash (minimum of $9.95). I didn't want a car wash. I just wanted the inside cleaned. 2) When I got back into my car, I found that they had just shoved all of the contents of my car (hairbrush, pens, vehicle registration, coins, etc.) into a plastic bag and left it on my back seat. They even put trash items in there. Now I get why they wouldn't want to throw away anything, even if it looks like trash, but they've now put my hairbrush right next to greasy fast food napkins and crumpled up my vehicle registration. If they want you to take everything out of the car first, then they should tell you that (they don't). 3) The "Express Detail: Interior Super Clean" package does not include the cargo area of the car. You have to pay extra if you want them to actually clean the cargo area, otherwise they just vacuum it. That's bs for a $40 pricetag. Overall, this place is fine, friendly staff, and conveniently located. But I'm gonna shop around for deals before I get my car detailed again..and plan to spend a lot more time there next time.
4	Not the best Octopuss in town (that would be Park Street)... But these guys get you in/out quickly. Not very good detail work at this location
2	Same experience again today. I did a careful check of the interior before driving away and noticed a few areas they missed. Not just 'left a few spots,' but completely missed with the towel. I hate that they just don't get it right from the start.
