4	Charlotte sure has a nice variety of frozen yogurt shops. In fact, we may be verging on over saturation. However, what I do not find enough of in Crown Town are pies. Glorious pies filled to the brim with various fruits, creams and other delectables. Therefore, I'm quite grateful for cool places like Divine Pies!This shop is right off of Independence, next to a handful of fairly sketchy looking pawn shops. But hey, anything for pie, right? I knocked on the door and a very kind woman opened up for me and I stood, mouth agape, perusing the various varieties of mini and standard sized pies. Apple, cherry, pumpkin, blueberry, strawberry rhubarb, chocolate cream, key lime and more. Yes, even chicken pot pie! I selected three mini pies, paid the very affordable $16 and change and went on my merry way. Note - she also makes cakes and cupcakes and can create a variety of requests, just call a day or two ahead! The cherry pie I sampled last night was legit. No craptastic bright red, high fructose corn syrup in that little pie. It tasted almost like a spiced cherry pie. The strawberry rhubarb filling was just about perfect...I'll certainly get another mini of that variety again in the near future. My only ish? Because the pies are stored in plastic wrap, the crust was a bit tough and chewy. I pulled the other two mini pies from their plastic wraps and stored them in foil for future snacking. If you seek pie, try out Divine Pies! Now...maybe it's time for me to have a little bite of the mini apple pie on my counter...
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my visit at Divine Pies.  The store owner is such a delight!  We got to chat for a bit and I learned about her vision and passion for the bakery.  She's definitely an inspiring woman.  I purchased two pies and they were so pretty and delicious.  I'll definitely be back!
5	I have had the strawberry pie, coconut cream pie, sweet potato pie and chicken pot pie.  Divine Pie is a "little" hard to fine.  Once you cross over Wendover on Monroe Road get into that left turning lane and look for the pawn shop.  To the left of the pawn shop is Divine Pies.  The owner is sweet and sincere and she remembers your name.  These are so beyond what you get at restaurants or grocery stores.  No comparison.  The chicken pot pie was beautiful and tasted wonderful.  I may be getting one of these on a weekly basis.  Take care off the beaten road and try this gem.  Great
5	My friend and I had a wonderful lunch and dessert at Divine Pies.  The owner is friendly and was gracious enough to eat at one of her tabes.  (Divine Pies is a take-out only establishment.)  The chicken pot pie was AMAZING with a crust that was flaky and flavorful.  Then came a yummy coconut cream pie that was not overly sweet like other cream pies can be.  This place is well worth the trip to an 'interesting' part of town.  If you're in Charlotte, make a trip to Divine Pies.  You won't regret it.
4	Charming owner just trying to live the American dream and making me very proud that she can. Had the mini Coconut Cream and mini Chocolate Cream and both were "divine"!
3	Highly impressed and hopeful for this little shop and sweet baker. Only had a taste of 2 of the dessert pies (the crust was a little underdone for my taste) but may need to go back and try a Pot Pie. Good to know this shop is in the area when you're craving a piece (or a whole) pie!
5	These pies are delicious! The shop is just around the corner from our home, and yet it took us 3 years to drop in for a taste. What a waste of 3 years! We tried the blackberry and pecan pies, and both were amazing. The owner is very sweet. Be sure to knock on the door as she keeps it locked.
2	These pies get 1 star for filling and 1 for humor. The humorous part was watching my brother trying to cut through the bottom crust of one. After 10 minutes I grabbed a sharp knife and went to work on the second pie. Soon we were ROFLOL and a circular saw was suggested as the solution. Well, we debated on circular vs other saw types. Seriously the fillings were good, but the crusts were concrete.
