4	Well I'm currently on a tour of sushi establishments in Henderson/Green Valley area.  This place was second on our tour and was very different that the I Love Sushi experience we had.  The wait staff is very attentive and also very happy and jovial, it definitely helped the atmosphere.  I will say that is what Sumo lacked and the odd music was certainly a detriment, it was very distracting and I was hoping it would end.  Anyway the sushi was great, the specials are listed, but no ingredients listed.  If requested a list is provided, but it was explained to us that their customers as usually regulars and are familiar with all the special rolls.  I absolutely loved the monkey burrito, but everything seemed to be a step above previous sushi experiences as far as freshness and quantity.  We tried a raspberry sake and drank the whole bottle, we also had some plum wine, which was very sweet.  The wait staff does push the libation a bit. My friend ordered the green tea ice cream and was happy with it.I'm sure I will return, I'll get that monkey burrito to go anytime!
5	All I can say is Wowzaa!! My friend introduced me to this place tonight and I was so impressed!! Seriously this is some of the best sushi I have tasted in my life!! (and I have had a lot of sushi) We had  2 of the chef's specials...The "69" Roll and the "Ex-Wife" Roll!!  The "69" roll being my favorite had tempura shrimp in and out with cream cheese and topped with fresh yellow tail, salmon and ahi tuna and a special spicy chili oil that I could have drank a gallon of!! The owner Jay was great at his craft and and fun to watch and drink sake with!! Will definitely be back again!!
3	They have just opened for lunch, which is awesome, because now I can finally eat sushi on my lunch break without having to drive thirty minutes. Sumo offers decent prices on decent sushi, but since they are the only sushi joint around, I guess they have lay of the land. My favorite thing about this place is the chefs. If it is slow, they will teach you all about different kinds of fish and rolls. I was lucky one day to come in late on a Thursday afternoon. The chef was nearly bored to tears, so he decided to pull out a huge salmon, skin it, slice it, and then eat it! We shared some pieces, and then I had to get back to work. My advice is to go at an off time during the week, because only then will you be able to receive a private sushi lesson while you eat!Recommended sushi roll: Their Rainbow roll is always fresh, and big enough to share.Recommended appetizer: Edamame is fresh as well, but the Miso is on the saltier side.
5	Sumo is by far the best sushi restaurant in Green Valley. I eat here 2-3 times a week, and it is always amazing. The staff is very fun and friendly, If you dont like fish, try the Sumo Special short ribs...Korean style beef dish that is awesome. Or if you like Tuna, ask for the cocaine at the sushi bar...its not on the menu, but they will no what you mean. This review has made me crave it...going there tonight. :)Also, probably one of the largest sushi bars in the Green valley area. The sushi bar takes up the whole room, and there are only a few tables.Also try Tuna Karai, baby tako sansai, Kamikaze roll...my Favs. And let me know what you think... :)8/15/07 Ate here again last night, and had the Spicy garlic tuna sashimi....a new favorite. The spicy yellowtail rool was very good too.
3	I went to the one on Warm Springs and Durango.  There are so many Sushi Bars in town they are all beginning to be the same to me.  Is the fish fresh? Yes. Is the service good? Yes.  Typical Japanese greeting when you walk in and cute over-eager Japanese waitress to serve you? Yes.It's right across the street from my apt. and they have late hours so that's a plus. Now they just need to do something about that rap music...it was a little distracting to listen to Chingy while trying to enjoy my sushi.
5	great sushi!  try the something wrong 69 (their #1 roll), the super white tuna sushi, and the tuna karai (their version of spicy tuna).  and if you like realllly spicy - go for the sushi bomb!!  the staff is fun too!  sit at the sushi bar and occasionally get free rolls handed to you!
4	Nicest servers and sushi chefs.  Free shrimp/cucumber salad appetizer, and later the chef made a special roll for us that involved salmon, tuna, torching and yum yum sauce.  (I'm sure we're not the only ones who get this wonderful treatment, but they definitely made me feel like a VIP.)Sushi was good.  Better than a lot of places I've been to, but only 4 stars because my friend said his yellowtail was a little too gamey for his taste.The premium cold sake that you can buy by the carafe (for $20 instead of the $95 bottle) is incredibly smooth.  I would drink that every day if I could.Atmosphere is ok. Very small dining area, not too many tables, but the sushi bar is great with lots of seating.  A little strip-mall-y feeling; some of the walls that seem to separate the dining area from the kitchen looked pretty flimsy.  There must be something about the ceiling height or the materials that were used to build the place that traps sound - loud group at the other end of the bar was a little annoying at times, but not totally disruptive.Overall this is a great place.
5	This is my favorite sushi joint!  The atmosphere is relaxed and fun.  Sitting at the sushi bar, there is always something new.  You might even get a free surprise from one of the chefs.  Yum!  They have a "frequent buyer" program, and when you turn in your little Sumo card after you eat they will give you a credit on it.  When my credit gets high enough I turn it in for a meal on the house!  Free food-what could be better? The plum wine is sweet and the fish is fresh.  Even green tea mochi to finish the meal.  This is top-notch stuff!
5	i only review joints i love..and i HEART sumos..their fish is fresh man...i mean like..they have lil crabbys skivvy across the bar just for giggles...the uni is still moving and the chefs are so great..they remember you..they drink with you..they make you special meals and there is ALWAYS a wait..and its worth it..they will serve you complementary edamame while you wait..:)sit at the bar..the tables are not the same..they suck in fact..(thier new joint in summerlin has a HUGE bar to accommodate that demand..thier tuna karai is to live for...spicy..fresh and HUGE!ask them whats fresh..let them do their thing..their menu is rediculous..so so many rolls..screaming orgasm and whose your daddy is great..enjoy..and go with the evening to spare..you might just want to stay and close down shop with them..i stick with the sushi..
5	Probably the best kept secret in Henderson.  Sumo's is well hidden from the street and most people who are not looking for it, next to Blueberry Hill coffee shop off of Sunset and GreenValley Pkwy.  The atmosphere is very casual with a long sushi bar as well as table seating.  Whats different about Sumo's is that 90% of the customers are locals from the area, and most know the staff and sushi chefs.  This makes a huge difference imho.The quality of the fish and seafood is as good as it gets.  They receive daily shipments of fresh fish and ingredients.  You can order traditional sushi (fish on little rice balls), or what makes them special are their interpretations of sashimi and specialty sushi rolls.  Some of their favorites and more popular dishes are:  Live Uni served fresh in the shell, Kampachi (fresh yellowtail, served with a citric dressing and thinly sliced jalapeno peppers), tuna kara (tuna cubes, marianated in a soy, oil vinagerette, seasoned with chili sauce and dried seaweed flakes) and my favorite WO7 roll (tempura shrimp, served in an outside in roll, covered with sliced avocado, and WO7 sauce).  The sushi rolls are described as an asian, american/european fusion type of combination.  No doubt the innovative sauces combined with the fresh ingredients make a huge difference.Its seems everyone has a favorite sushi chef that they like to be served by and share the sake tasting experience with.  Personally, if you are going there for the first time, ask to be seated by Jay or Betto.  It can be loud and super busy on Friday and Saturday nights.  Probably what I like the most is the other customers who patronize Sumo's, everyone is very friendly and their is alot of sharing of sushi rolls and sake at the bar.Finally, make sure you ask for a Sumo's Card, which lets you accrue credits of 5% towards future meals there.
4	Just came back from Sumo and I feel like a Sumo wrestler! I am so full that I want to pass out. Ordered 3 rolls, unagi , yellowtail, and a Screaming Orgasm Sashimi Salad.  The food was beyond exceptional and it was quickly made. We made it in for lunch at 12ish and came out at 1250pm.  This was for 2 people and was more then enough to make my friend and I satisfied.  The rolls ordered were the : Caterpillar roll, a roll with tuna that had yummy pieces of chopped up tuna on it.To start off they give you a deliciously marinated cucumber salad with some sesame seeds.The service was great, and at the end of the meal, green tea ice cream was added to a surprise thanks for coming!
5	I wish this place was in Chicago!  As soon as I get to Vegas I will go here for dinner.  Order a large Asahi Beer and fill up the chef's mug, KAMPAI!  The Tuna Karai is the bomb! Dam I am hungry thinking about this place.
5	My favorite sushi place in Vegas! I hear they are closing soon though. Waaaaah! My fave roll is the something wrong 69. The sushi here always tastes super fresh. The chefs are friendly and knowledgable. The waitresses are great too. I will be very sad if Sumo closes. I"ve been an addict for quite some time now.
5	Great shusi for a great price. Fresh fish taste in the middle of the desert. Will be eating here again!
5	This place is the best. I come here every time I hit up Vegas and I always love it. The chefs are great and the customers are usually pretty rad themselves. If you like good sushi and a good time you will like this place.
2	I was in Henderson for two weeks and I decided to try out Sumo Sushi based on the recommendations on Yelp.I am sorry to say that I was not impressed. I ordered the Sumo combo dinner (Chicken Teriyaki, Beef Short Ribs, Shrimp Kabob, Tonkatsu, Sashimi, and a Rainbow Roll). The chicken, shrimp, and Tonkatsu were OK and the short ribs were excellent.  The sashimi was fresh enough, but it had no flavor. The only way that I could detect a difference between the salmon, tuna, and red snapper was by color. I could not taste any difference between them. The Rainbow Roll (Usually one of my favorites) was bland. It was also small, four pieces about the size of a quarter.The next week, I returned to try it again. Hey, they could of just had a bad night on my first visit. Right?Wrong...This time I ordered the Pot Stickers, a Spicy YellowTail Roll (My absolute favorite), and a Spider Roll. The Pot Stickers were good. No complaints about them. The Spider Roll was tasteless. The Spicy YellowTail Roll was just-plain-BAD.  The spices were seriously messed up. The YellowTail looked like it had been ground to a goopy paste. Not cut, chopped, diced but ground, smashed, liquified.  Yuck!So, I'm sorry that I had to write a bad review for an obviously well loved sushi bar. I really wanted to love it, it just didn't go my way.
1	I first tried this place 6 years ago and decided that I had made a mistake and would not be wasting my time when there were so many other places to go for Japanese.  However, after reading scores of positive reviews I decided to give the place another shot thinking maybe ownership had changed and things had improved.  I was sadly mistaken.I ordered the Katsu Donburi.  A standard of Japanese restaurants all over.  The waitress didn't know what it was even though it is on the menu.  I pointed at it on the menu and she still wasn't sure of my order.  Fine, whatever, I fully expected to get the wrong dish.When she did bring out my food, it was the correct dish but I thought there still had to be a mistake.  It was the size of a side order of rice at any other Japanese restaurant.  There was almost no pork, no egg, and no onion on it.  Considering Katsu Donburi is pork, egg, and onion on rice, this is completely unacceptable.  After I finally found the all of 3oz of pork, one egg (maybe) worth of egg, and couple of slivers of onion under the mound of seaweed flakes, I decided to see how it tasted.  It tasted like nothing.  It tasted like the soy sauce I poured over it and not much else.  I did notice a textural oddity and realized that they had put white button mushrooms in the dish.  It's not a standard ingredient in the dish and there's no need for cheap, tasteless filler in a RICE dish.The worst part of the entire thing was getting the check and finding out this pathetic, tasteless, side dish they had the gall to call an entree was $15.There are so many good Japanese restaurants in Las Vegas that it is a shock to me that people still eat here.
4	Atmosphere atmosphere atmosphere.  For some reason, I was able to forgive Sumo for playing an entire Shania Twain album while my husband and I were there.  And I really don't know why; we were the only two customers and could have easily requested something else.  Something magical happened I guess. The Pink Lady Roll (spicy tuna and sprouts with salmon on top, then topped with garlic ponzu...yum) was indeed pink, but not so much lady, because...man, I feel like a woman.  And that's a compliment.
4	My husband and I went to Sumo Sushi last night for the first time. The place was a lot smaller than I expected , but it had a cozy feel to it. The sushi was great. Fresh fish & very creative rolls. However the service was sporadic and it seemed as if the waitresses were not communicating with each other about who was serving which table. The food did not take too long to appear, but I've had faster service. The saving grace is that the entire staff was very engaging , and personable. They also did not charge us for our drinks, as to apologize for the less than perfect service. We will definitely try them again, after all everyplace is usually busy on Friday nights anyway.
4	Pink Lady Roll, XXX, Spicy Tuna, Tuna hand roll. I gotta say very fresh and super delicious. I ordered the plum wine.. while very strong was uber sweet. Don't think it could have been any sweeter unless I drank maple syrup from a tree. J/k. I'd def. go back. The chef was awesome, Woody from Hollywood was super cool & I'd def. go back just to hang out with him. He joked w/ me and my bf the entire night and was just cool w/ out trying to hard. Someone near me ordered a screaming orgasm, looked declicious... Might order that one nxt time. I highly recommend trying this place.
4	Very good sushi.I had two orders of yellowtail (2 pc), one order of tuna (3 pc?), and a caterpillar roll. That with a soda came to about $30.A little more expensive than your standard AYCE place, but the quality was very good, the fish-to-rice ratio was just right, and Sushi Master Chase was very entertaining.I will definitely be back.
4	Went there for the first time a couple of weeks ago, and have plans to go again tomorrow night :)   Nice, friendly staff, the place was packed and even though we had to wait sometimes, we had plenty of sake to hold us over.  The sushi is great- It's not the BEST ever but it's fabulous enough for me to want to go back.  Last time, we ordered toro (very good, at MP, and he even threw in an extra piece for me) it was soft and creamy and delicious and a bunch of rolls ( The "Pink Lady" roll was fabulous and the "what the heck" roll, is really good, can't remember the other names), 2 orders of sake and 2 beers and our total was $85 (I don't think they have an All You Can Eat option). The sushi chef partook in drinking with us, he had his beer and was cheering everyone, saying "Otoo" or something I couldn't understand, so I just made the noise "Otooo" and drank as told,  with him, haha.  Sake was tasty, had it cold.  All in all, I'm definitely a fan, as it's pretty close to where I live and has a nice atmosphere.  We did have a "pretty folk"  (trendy/fusion places worry me and made me think "Nobu") couple next to us, which worried me, 'cause I'm a very laid back, don't care about being "cool" kinda chick, but they seemed like regulars there, and they were nice enough, even though they ordered Uni (gag)......  We did spend a good amount of time watching the very inebriated chick a few spots down from us eat with her mouth open and slurrily talk, it was awesome, she said she had a bad day; I just liked watching her carelessly chew and shove things in her mouth...haha.  I'm a glutton/fatty so as long as you are enjoying it and you aren't spewing bits of food ON me, I'm cool witcha.  Like I said, good solid place, good, solid sushi and good folk.  Edit:  I'll be there tonight, stuffing myself to the gills, badumtish.
5	It was March 2002 that my good friend first took to Sumo's.  Since then, I am hard pressed to be interested in any other Sushi establishment.  I've tried others, but none are as fresh.I order:1. Angela's Rice, Bart Style in Soy wrap (AMAZING!!!!)  Every person I've ever taken for their first visit pass out from "over joy" while eating this dish.2.  Tuna Karai (Tuna sashimi, made spicy...clean and healthy).3. Something Wrong 694. Tomatoes (salmon topped with Spicy Shrimp)5. Screaming Orgasm6. Tiger Salad We get sushi too, but these dishes offer tastes that will be indelibly etched in the medulla oblongata for eternity and cause you to have fits of withdrawal.  Give into them.  There is no escape from this craving.
5	By far, the best sushi in Henderson (along with I Love Sushi). We've tried just about every sushi bar in Henderson, and Sumo Sushi is at the to... but you have to know what to get and who to get it from. If you can, ask for Beto or Jay as your sushi chef. These guys work six days a week, so you're likely to get at least one of them. These guys know the menu, know the heat indexes, and can always play around with the rolls to make up unique combinations to your likings... (but you have to ask nicely, of course!). If you're a sashimi lover, definitely try the tuna karai. If you love lots of heat, ask for it extra spicy, and they add in (among other things) thinly sliced jalapenos. They never go over the top with the heat (at least not with us), so don't be afraid to ask for it extra hot. Their baby tako sansai is great too, as is their stuffed tomato, XXX roll, monkey burrito, jay burrito, and their something wrong 69 is among the best. If your kids are sushi bar-friendly (and by that I mean they understand and follow sushi bar etiquette), have them sit at the bar and the chefs will accommodate them. My boys have been going to Sumo for years and Beto takes great care of them. :) Otherwise, there are plenty of tables for families, and lots of menu items for children (standard kid-friendly Japanese fare like teriakis, udon soups, and edamame). Sumo's chefs are great, and always accommodating to special requests (don't forget to thank them by sharing your sake...). Definitely a must-go if you are looking for sushi in this part of the valley.
3	More like a 3.5 score.Loved the Tuna Karai, very goodLiked the Pink LadyOk Something Wrong 69 (its a fried roll)Ok XXX (another fried roll)Sushi chef was friendly and talkative. I'm still searching for a sushi place I love.
5	Went there last night, I  was on  a date ....first the moment we walked in super friendly staff..Had Jay as our chef.. the guy is just awesome.. taking sake shots while telling you the menu..I'm not to sure if it's a place to bring the kids.. Unless they are use to a wild crowd~The Hostess will come by  and do a sake shot about every 20 minutes..lolI ordered  The Caterpillar and the date had  Something Wrong 69~both were EXCELLENT.. I will  be back ,I can't say the same for the date......
5	After living in Las Vegas for 7 years, this has always been my favorite Sushi spot off the strip. So much so, that now, after moving away two years ago, it is always a required stop anytime I make it back to town.Tuna KaraiBest Classic Shrimp Tempura Maki RollFresh and Tasty Fish- and they actually season their nigiri- meaning, they put thought and craft into in, not just a slab of fish on a mound of riceGreat Chefs- Skills and PersonalityGreat Frequent Guest Program- Earn money every time you eat, it may take a while to get to the $30 min. to cash it in, but I am going to eat there regardless, so might as well earn some $$Friendly Staff that will remember you!My only complaint is that they recently changed their order sheets, so they no longer have descriptions of most of the rolls. Though I am a big fan, I have a bad memory, so I forget which rolls are which, or I would like to try something entirely new. So now, I have to play 20 questions with the Sushi chef to place my order. Not a tragedy, but a touch annoying. If you make this your regular spot however, it is a hurdle easily conquered.I hope you enjoy it!P.S. I've never had anything but their sushi here- maybe some tempura ice cream. So I can't vouch for any of their non-sushi japanese dishes. Why bother when the sushi is on point? Just sayin'.
5	My second night in Las Vegas, and my second sushi joint for dinner.  I just can't et enough sushi when I'm in this town and Sumo sushi rocks!  They have outstanding sushi and a super-friendly staff.The evening did start a little disappointing, as my cousins and I went here to meet up with some friends to watch the UFC fight, only to find out that they did not order it.  The disappointment quickly turned to glee as we ordered some really fresh nigiri with generous portions of fish, and washed it down with a few Sapporos, which were on special that night for $2 each.Our sushi chef, Beto, was super-friendly and made the evening a blast.  After a while he and the wait staff even treated us to some free sushi samples and a couple of shots of sake.  Beto even broke out a personal bottle of tequila that he had behind the counter and passed it around.Great sushi and great atmosphere; I'll definitely be back here again!
3	Went for a bite after a movie with the wife. I wanted to try a none all you can eat place tonight that u had not been to. I'll start with the server seating us. After we ordered water to drink she really got an attitude. Then she got even more attitude when I wanted a minute to look at the menu. I was very close to leaving. It was about 80 degrees in the restaurant. Those are my complaints now for what was good. The sushi was really good. The fish was fresh and the sauce on the rolls was perfect. The sushi got this place 3 stars it would be 5 if not for the 2 problems.
5	This place is awesome. Its off the strip, prices are reasonable, and the quality is superb.tuna karai is something worth mentioning as its my standard app... the hawaiian sunrise is also worth a mention...
4	Quality is excellent!  I love their garlic tuna nigiri and this is the only sushi restaurant I've been to who serves salmon nigiri with lime (just the way I like it).   My favorite is the Something Wrong 69 roll.  It basically has everything in it.  The sushi chefs are very friendly too.  If you are a regular, they will give you some kind of small box cup that you draw / scribble all over, and you can use this as a drinking cup for sake or whatever you want.  When you're done, they will keep this box cup for you on the wall, so you can use it again the next time you come in. One of the best sushi restaurants in town!
4	This place been here for years(guessing maybe 8yrs) so now they offer AYCE for $25.99. I love the tuna karai, something wrong #69, yellowtail was good also. Mussels were not what I expected, usually sushi places make it with baked mayonnaise drizzle eel sauce. They make it w/ponzu with scallions. Not my style. I asked for handroll yellowtail with oshinko(Japanese yellow pickle) and Chef said only what's on the menu. C'mon now....they had both on menu but just not together. What's the big deal? It's NOT like adding more fish, only a vegetable. Point deducted for service here. Asked for mochi(NOT included in AYCE), of course she doesn't mention this. It came out hard as a rock and just dug out the ice cream in the middle and ate that. She did take it off the bill.  I guess overall I like this place because of tuna karai.
4	This place was a lot of fun! I went with my boyfriend and one of our friends when we felt like trying a new sushi place. Yes, it's a bit of a sacrilege to cheat on our usual spot, but this was a venture well worth making. Service was polite but not entirely enthusiastic when we started out. It took a few minutes for our drinks to arrive and a bit longer for our first orders of food.  There are lots of items are available on their AYCE menu. Some of the highlights: Tuna naruto roll! (cucumber wrapped around fresh fish & crisp veggies with the screaming O sauce- very similar to Pumi's "Rock n' Roll" that Jaime's sought out ever since I met him & he was very happy to have found), FRESH grated wasabi root, scallops, yuzu yellowtail, screaming orgasm (sashimi special), large menu of hot appetizers, sweet shrimp and several other nigiri and sashimi options I haven't seen at other spots. On a thursday night the bar was fairly busy, which is a good sign for a spot that's a little off the major street. The staff openly spoke in Japanese while in the front, but with a bit of a sardonic laugh afterwards.  Since the music was pretty much all K-Pop when we where dining here, we asked the chef if he knew about jindo dogs, which is what our pup is. He was from Korea and opened up quite a bit when he realized we were interested in and knew a little about his culture. We had lots of hot of sake and he did multiple shots with us, talking excitedly about different foods and sayings. They may have been a little distant at first, but the service was MUCH more friendly after that. They even gave us a small bowl of house kimchi to sample, as well as some pieces of fried halibut. I asked him about the saying "Aigoo", since I'd heard it tons but never grasped the meaning. He explained (it's kind of like "Oh shucks!") and then used it every chance he could get; "Aiiigooooo!!! More sakeeeee! Aigooo!!! I burned the unagi!"We'll be back! Once they opened up to us, the atmosphere went from awkward restraint to jubilant party-time. I can see that leading to mixed service, and the girls who came in later in the evening as we were getting ready to go didn't seem like they were very happy. Our experience, however, was fabulous and I look forward to returning. The main downsides are that they do not have salmon, outdoor seating and the service could be iffy.
3	Without the sake in my system, I was a bit more disappointed in the quality the last time around. The screaming orgasm is pretty good, but the yellowtail looked weird. Uni looked good but had a weird, somewhat off flavor. Oysters were drenched in sauce that totally over powered them. Sold out of takoyaki. Fried baby octopus had a slight burnt oil flavor. Croquettes were made with sweet potato & also had the burnt oil tinge. Meh. I'll keep going to Bluefin just around the corner.
1	This used to be my favorite sushi restaurant for 5 years or more. The last time I was there, service was very disappointing. They took my business for granted as far as I'm concerned and I will never go back!!!
4	Tuna karai was soooo good!We did AYCE and once again "no sashimi" for all you can eat. Does any place in vegas do that?After telling the sushi chef, who was hillarious, and drinking an Asahi the entire time that we loved sashimi he made us the tuna karai with garlic sauce, and it was amazing! He also made us a complimentary (not included in AYCE) bowl, similar to the karai, of fresh white fish, including hamachi and shrimp with a mixture of lemon, spicy sauce, cucumbers, and I'm not sure what else..... but it was great!My favorite specialty roll:  the Candy Cane Roll. My least favorite: The Mistake Roll (literally that's what it's' called)It was a strange mixture of crab and spicy tuna baked with cream cheese and eel sauce. WAAAYYY too heavy for sushi!We told our sushi chef that it was indeed "a mistake" and he did not grudge about "eating everything you order during AYCE" but instead threw it away and made us something else. However, we did get punished for complaining.....He hid a huge glob of wasabi underneath a fresh piece of fish that was lying on top of a roll and doused it with an obscure spicy sauce. My boyfriend popped the whole roll into his mouth and looked like he was going to explode!The sushi chef started laughing and said, "That was mistake". HAHA! I'm glad the boyfriend tried it before I did! We finished off the meal with red bean and vanilla ice cream and some hot green tea.It was a fun place with great fresh fish and good service, I would definitely return!
4	So, I'm one of those weird people who is allergic to fish, but not shellfish, so my sushi options are limited.  A friend introduced me to this place years ago and I've been coming back ever since just for the Lion roll: shrimp tempura on the inside, topped with that scallop/crab/mayo combination and avocado slices--heavenly!  I had dinner there last night with a friend.  I started with miso soup, had a Lion roll and a Johnny roll (shrimp tempura rolled in cucumber and topped with mayo), and finished with strawberry mochi.  The kalbi is excellent, too, but we didn't have that this time around.  The sushi chefs are friendly and if you get Sonny, he usually throws some concoction together and presents it free of charge.  I am never disappointed in the food, but sometimes the service can be sketchy: drink refills galore, but then wait forever for the check.  That isn't enough to stop me from coming back whenever I get that Lion roll craving, though!
1	I was very disappointed. The sushi had no taste, the sushi rice on the rolls were warm, the service was slow, and really for an AYCE menu they didn't have that many choices. My all time favorite AYCE sushi joint offers far more choices, the staff is always checking to see if we need to order more rolls (so there is no wait in between our rolls) and the sushi has flavor.
5	My friend turned me on to this place and it has since become my favorite! Apple #1 roll and Candy Cane roll my favs! Beto the sushi chef is awesome....only go when he is there which is pretty much every day!  He Rocks!
4	Sumo sushi oh how I love thee. Part of my feelings of this place comes from it is the first place my wife and I felt welcomed to after we moved here. But the food is good. It is tasty and fresh. The cut of the fish on the individual pieces is a little lacking. It would be nice if it was a tad thicker but that doesn't take away from the taste. I have never tried the sashimi which I am upset at myself about actually. We always do the all you can eat for 25 dollars which is well worth it. The AYCE menu is very expansive; a whole lot of variety to boot. There are a couple "sashimi dishes" on the menu. There is tuna karai and another called cocaine. They are a bowl of sashimi with sauces and other little bits mixed in and they are very good to the palette. There are also several appetizers and some desert to choose from as well. The chefs are interactive, friendly, and entertaining as well. And we have met several really nice and interesting people upon our many visits. The atmosphere is inviting and comfortable. We have brought three of our friends from back home to this place and each one has been pleased with the service and menu. Like I stated earlier, my only complaint is the lack of girth on the sushi pieces but other than that a constant in our eating out preferences.
5	been eating here since we arrived in Vegas back in 2001. Very consistant quality. Although we have gone thru about 5 chefs, Jay remains in charge and the creator of thier menu. Some of those chefs now work at Sumo 2. The $26 AYCE menu has all of our favorites and is a great value and they dont really keep track of time. It has also allowed us to try many different things we normally wouldn't. Sonny is Ichiban and told us last night that next month they will be offering AYCD draft Sapporo for $15. Plus they have the traditional frequent eater cards at 5% return and now frequent AYCE cards that gives free meal after ten meals. The chefs don't mind custom orders, the food is always fresh. They are proud to serve stuff you don't order to let you try once they see what you like. They like thier tips in beer if you too are drinking. Sumo Sushi forever!
2	Was looking forward to hitting up a Good Sushi Restaurant during my extended visit from the SFBA... Decided on Sumo after reading all the other Yelpers positive feedback/posting/ratings... Sorry, but my expereince was no where near any of those that highly rated Sumo... I will say the service was good and the Sushi Chef's were very friendly as were the Cute-Pretty Waitresses, but as for the Sushi itself, it was lackluster @ best We ordered some of our fave types of Sushi/Sashimi & they fell short of our expectations, we also ordered a couple of the "Popular/Recommended" Sushi Rolls & the rice was over-cooked. I won't go into grave detail, but for 2 ppl spending over $100.00 per person I expected a lot better quality & fresher seafood... Needless to say I'm still in search of a quality Sushi Bar...
4	Sumo sushi has friendly service and a great AYCE menu! The variety is good and I like their sashimi! I would high recommend this place. Fish was fresh.
1	Went here coz people told me about how they love this restaurant and how the food and service is so consistent and excellent. So I decided to give this place a shotI was really disappointed with this place. Where should I begin. I decided to have the all you can eat. I was looking at the menu. And asked the server what was this thing called the cocaine?  The server told me that it was a salad on top and bottom of some kind of tuna with some kind of spicy sauce. I told her that doesn't tell me anything so please go and find out what exactly it is. So I proceeded to order my food various nigiri sushi and apps since I really don't like rolls. I am Japanese and I like traditional sushi. Oh! I ordered the chicken karrage and they told me that they don't have it today. But they have Teri chicken. I asked them how they can have chicken teriyaki but not karrage? They told me that this restaurant is lazy.  The kake udon is supposed to be noodles and soup only. It came with shitake mushrooms tempura flakes. And fish cakes. And the noodles taste like one of those instant noodles that is sold at the store in bags and not sanuki udon which is a higher quality udon noodles. I got my sushi but I didn't have any wasabi and the server noticed that and she will bring it right away. Which turned out to be 10 min later. The wasabi was old and dried up so all the heat wasn't there anymore. And they only have low sodium soy sauce so I asked for some regular soy sauce. They told me they only had low sodium soy sauce. Which was hard to believe. So needless to say the sushi was terrible with no taste what so ever. I guess when the people told me that this place was very consistent they probably meant consistently bad. The owners are Korean. So that would explain a lot. If you want good sushi you have to go to a Japanese owned and run restaurant. Personally I'm getting tired these Koreans and mexicans that think they know how to make sushi and is teaching their customers bogus things about sushi and now they think they are professional sushi connoisseurs. If you korean owned you should advertise as such and say you are Korean and serve "kimbap" not sushi.
3	It's not the greatest sushi in the world, but they get points for the extensive menu of specialty rolls. They have an all-you-can-eat option now, and I say take it; you can try a few of the specialty rolls and easily save some money in the process.You want to sit at the bar when the bald guy is the sushi chef. He's a lot of fun to drink with!
4	I had this place last night , sushi was good service was fast nice people i ordered the spicy tuna and rainbow roll , sushi portions are nice spicy mayo was good and eel sauce , ill go there again when im in the henderson area =]
5	AYCE sushi is back!Went in and got my sushi grub on.  Really fresh fish and really yummy seafood bowls (karai and tuna bowl was the best).  Plus, the sushi chefs love to have beer with you if you let them.. pretty cool in my book.  Definitely coming back to grub here again and with a AYCE sushi dinner price of $23.95, I'll definitely be back a wayyyy more often.
5	It's not simply sushi when you go to this place, it's a journey of tastes and textures with little surprises with each dish.Sushi Master Betto elevates the sushi experience to a conversation where your words become his master creations.He is not limited by the menu and achieves unsurpassed flavors with stunning visual presentation.
4	First off, my main props gotta be for location, location, location. Definitely a great place to have sushi for those of us who live in areas that aren't near Anthem or Chinatown or a certain area on Flamingo. More impressively, it was pretty nice coming in at 7pm on Wednesday and having the place almost to ourselves, although I feel that this will change in the near future...I feel like recent reviews haven't talked about the food much, so here we go: the karai salad is an interesting spiced (I said spiced, not spicy) fish dish. The sweet shrimp dish has a unique accompaniment of battered/fried shrimp heads (bonus presentation points). The coconut shrimp tempura is quite pleasant and not batter-laden. The dynamite and baked mussel are both delicious and, amazingly enough, not overwhelmed by a blatantly mayonnaise flavor. The nigiri has fresh fish (always a plus, right?) and a very reasonable portion of rice. And of the rolls that we had, the lion roll impressed me the most.Sadly, I can't give this the full five stars, and here's why: the rice on the nigiri seemed to fall apart a bit too easily. The Japanese lasagne roll had a cream cheese flavor that overwhelmed everything, including the sweet sauce drizzled on the plate. The caterpillar roll did not impress at all with the texture of that faux crab and the small portion of eel. The touchdown roll was just meh.And finally, even though the server made a big show about some homeopathic or Eastern medicine concept of taking my green tea ice cream back because it wasn't compatible with the baked roll that we had ordered at the end of the night, she proceeded to ignore me for around 10 minutes after we had finished the hot roll. I had to call her over and kinda hint that I might want my ice cream back.But they generally try hard at service, I'll give them that, and hopefully I'll give them another visit in the near future.
5	Dang, I forgot to get coconut shrimp tempura...Second visit to this restaurant was a celebratory lunch. Upgrading to 5 stars because of these improvements from last time: I found that the rice nigiri seemed to hold together better, I finally figured out that the caterpillar roll actually has real crab, and the service was fine this time, although we couldn't convince her to compensate for the out-of-supply uni with a small sample of the daily special, which was the ever elusive toro. That would have put them over the top.I also tried a few new things this time. The spicy garlic edamame was pretty awesome, and so was the (spicy?) garlic tuna nigiri. I also tried another (read: accidentally ate half of my friend's) roll, which had shrimp tempura and was topped with avocado and an orange dressing. He didn't remember what it was, so I didn't know. I also had the green tea mochi, which was delicious and not too doughy, and plum ice cream, which was pretty decent.Sumo Sushi has some of the best AYCE on this side of town, and it's definitely among the cheapest. There is no reason that local sushi lovers should not check this place out.
4	Went here the other night to celebrate a girlfriend's birthday.... and we had a GOOD time!Fortunately, we had 3 things going for us....1) it was a Thursday night so it was not busy2) they put our party of 8 in a separate area of the restaurant where we were all by ourselves so we could make as much noise as we wanted3) my friends were friends with the sushi chef... who just sent us stuff so we didn't have to order and the food just kept coming outThe only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is for the following reasons..1) they were out of Kirin Light and Sapporo Light... all they had for Light beers was Miller Light and Coors Light... seriously??!!2) the service was a bit lacking.... our waters went unfilled for longer than preferred and several guests had to ask for their sodas multiple timesWhat was REALLY good!1) salmon sushi... it was fresh and not metallically tasting at all... it was buttery and rich2) the garlic tuna.... tender... garlic-ly.... sooooooo good!3) yellowtail was light and refreshing... again.... soooo good!4) spanish mackerel.... this is not like regular mackerel... it's not fishy... in fact... it's a bit sweet... will totally be ordering this again if it's availableGood place if you have a group.... definitely make a reservation and ask for the separate little room where you can then have your own "party".  :)
1	Terrible sushi. We did all you can eat. All the pieces stick to the plate and when picked up they fall apart. AWFUL service! It took me 15 minutes to get a cup of Miso soup. I thought id try a simple CA roll at the end of our meal because I figured it was a simple roll so they couldn't screw it up. WRONG! Again, it fell apart and it tasted like chlorine. DO NOT GO HERE!
2	The server was drunk and spoke really loudly, frequently yelling across the restaurant! The service was sub-par, and I never got the Ponzu sauce I ordered.The food was pretty good, although I've had better for the same price range. My sunomono salad tasted like it was literally made of pickles. My friends enjoyed their AYCE however.I won't be going back to Sumo. Sorry guys.
1	i usually don't eat sushi anywhere besides my 3 choice locations in las vegas. but none of those locations are near my home. and i love sushi so i decided to try this place because it was right across the street from my house. i thought the place looked really nice. so i got the caterpillar roll. its the same everywhere. avocado eel cucumber eel sauce. i get it almost every time i eat sushi. i ordered it to go. and i do live across the street so i'd say that it had been in its to go container for not even ten minutes. i opened it and i thought it looked alright. i took a bite. and i just thought it could use more eel sauce. but then after my second or third bite i was like ughhh. and i really looked at the roll and it looked like the avocado had a mushy glaze to it. it wasnt brown like it was sitting out. but it was kinda mushy. well i ate like half and threw out the rest. and chalked it up as a loss and figured i would try the place across the street today. but when i woke up for work today i had the worst cramps. and for lack of better phrase... i was pissing out of my ass. its been 24 hours since i ate it and im still in pain. i regret ever trusting anyone else with my fish. the service was friendly but the roll was not fresh and now im sick. the next dayand i had to call in to work today!!! i'm still sick!! i am so glad i only went there for a snack and not for dinner. i would probably be in the hospital if i had ate more. i haven't slept because of how often i am going to the bathroom. 3 days lateri went in after work to talk. the woman didnt want to hear what i was saying. i said i am going to the hospital now because i have no other way to pay for health care. she said your not going to the hospital. she never made eye contact with me. unless i was going to make another purchase she was going to listen to me. i really urge people not to eat here. they had great customer service until something was wrong. and now there company has lost me my jo
4	Been trying some new sushi places lately and saw this one got relatively good reviews so stopped in for lunch. They turned on the open sign at 11:26 (4 minutes before actual open) and we were in and seated immediately. We didn't see our sushi chef for a good 5-10 minutes even though another group at a different part of the bar was already ordering away. We were given our wasabi and ginger with a small cucumber and crab salad which was nice. First up we ordered some nigiri: salmon, smoked salmon, red snapper, garlic tuna, and cajun albacore. Each of them had a generous portion of fish (actually some of the thickest pieces of nigiri I've ever had) but the rice fell apart on most of the pieces that had any sauce on them. The garlic tuna was amazing, my friend really enjoyed the red snapper, and the rest was good. I will say though, sprinkling spices onto albacore does not make cajun albacore, I can't stand when places serve it like that, but the fish itself was still good. I also ordered a spicy crab hand roll, and it was easily the best one I've ever had. It was perfectly spicy, not overly full of mayo, and even had some sesame seeds sprinkled in it which gave it a great taste.They apparently don't let you get the full menu when you do AYCE, which left out quite a few tasty sounding rolls, and leaving mostly the basics. Which I wasn't too upset about because I was impressed enough with the nigiri. We did get a few rolls, nothing overly noteworthy. The heart attack was interesting: fresh jalapeno, cream cheese and salmon. It didn't taste much like sushi, but it was pretty good. My only real complaint about this place was the sushi chef. No name tag, and no introduction, but another guy came in and called him Sonny, so I guess that's his name. He didn't say anything to us except when handing us our plates. He seemed pretty friendly with the woman sitting next to us though, which only made him seem even more rude. Even when I said the hand roll was the best I'd ever had, he just shrugged and grunted a reply I could barely hear. Our waitress was pleasant though, so I guess I can't say the entire staff is unfriendly, maybe he was just having a rough morning.Overall, food was 4/5 - good big pieces of fish, but menu was a little limited. Service was disappointing, maybe 3/5. Hopefully next time I stop by he'll be in a little better mood. Price was good. $20.95 for AYCE lunch, buck or two for canned soda with free refills. Definitely worth another try.
4	After stopping in for lunch on Tuesday, I hadn't quite kicked my sushi craving so I stopped in with another friend for dinner on Friday. Mostly the same food-wise as my first stop, but this time I had a different sushi chef and a much better experience. Not only was he friendly and engaged his customers, he kept trying to toast with us, so we ended up getting some raspberry sake ($15), which was probably the best sake I've ever had (I'm not huge on sake, I mostly just like the flavored stuff, so take that as you will). After our first order had all been consumed, he started handing us things we hadn't ordered, all of which was really good. I'm not a huge fan of yellowtail, but he handed us a few pieces of fish with some onions on top and a lemony taste, which he then told us was yuzu yellowtail. I would have never ordered it, but ended up really enjoying it. He also made us some poke, which I also never order, but usually enjoy. My last order was a few pieces of salmon, and he even sliced up a few extra pieces of fish sashimi style for me. So after stopping in a second time, I'm still pretty happy with this place, especially with a more fun chef. Price was still fair, even for dinner, and the sake was well worth the price tag for it. My only two complaints about this place: The fish could be a little fresher (though it's not bad, and that could be true almost anywhere), and the waitresses were a little slow with the check  (but it was relatively busy and they were at least friendly). Still a solid 4/5.
5	Depending on your expectations for Sushi you will either LOVE Sumo or just like it. They are loud and greet you in Japanese upon your arrival. The rolls selection and pure creativity is second to none. They also have some great Sashimi offerings as well.The property is older but people are great. The service is usually consistent although I have never sat at a table. We always sit at the bar.If you have not tried Sumo, please do and be open to some of the crazy creations they have on their rolls menu. The 69 (somethings wrong) roll is one of our personal favorites.
5	Sushi was amazing! Good prices for the quality of food you receive. All you can eat deal is the way to go. Sit at the sushi bar, it's more fun!
4	Amazing AYCE sushi bar experience when I visited in July 2012.  The sushi chef was so nice and friendly, and it was obvious that he was classically trained.  I was recovering from drinking at the tables all morning (and horrible second hand smoke), and didn't really feel like eating, but my stomach was growling.  I went all nigiri and tried pretty much every type of fish they had.  Everything was very fresh, even the ika and ikura which are sometimes questionable at sushi places.  The udon appetizer was also very good and necessary to settle the insides.  The yuzu yellowtail nigiri was my favorite.  I will definitely eat there again the next time I am in town.Edit: need to knock down 1 star for certain items not being available at lunch.
4	Incredible sauces made up the the chefs.  Always a great place to go. The kiri and rolls are unique and very good.  Staff is always great.
5	Very simply put: World class sushi and sashimi. This was a terrific experience and to all willing to travel a bit off of The Strip, it is well worth it. The staff was attentive and helpful, and we saw NONE of what KR mentions a few days later (we were there on the 20th). In fact any time I am back in Vegas, I will find my way here again. Last note: We hit Sumo just before catching the Dead Kennedys at The Hard Rock and it made for a truly memorable night.
1	I gave one star because it won't allow me to give zero and also the servers tried to be nice...  I went here with my friend and we did the all you can eat.  The first roll we got had crab in it but they didn't say it was deep fried and it was the worst tempura I have ever had, also they put this shredded papery stuff over the roll, Ive never seen that before so idk what it was but it did not enhance the sushi, it made it gross.  I also got an eel and avocado roll and it tasted alright but they drenched it in a sauce that seemed like a watery teriyaki sauce and every grain of rice was literally soaked.  My friend got a spicy tuna roll which she normally loves but this one was like a paste of tuna and tasted so horrible she couldn't eat it.  Also it was suppose to come with eel on top, which they ran out of and didn't tell us. But with the all you can eat, you have to finnish what you order or pay extra for what is left over so she stuffed some into napkins.  It cost us $50 and we both felt sick after.
5	Never really got into sushi but this place is off the hook. I was introduced to this place by my girlfriend Tina on a trip to Vegas a few years ago, and we make a point of coming here whenever we come out to Vegas to visit friends.
1	Never made it to eating here. The sushi bar was half empty but they wouldn't let us sit there. The soda (which costs $2, like most places) came in a can with a glass of ice. We said we were there for AYCE sushi so they put menus down and then left, only coming back to see what we wanted, never explaining to us what you can/can't order and that we needed to fetch a pen to fill out a sheet. We asked for our check & just left, we weren't comfortable with the environment or service. Maybe we just hit the place on a bad night. I won't be back to find out.
2	The food was good. The service was extremely disappointing. After we (my girlfriend and I) placed our first order, we were pretty much ignored. Our server was not ignoring some guy at the sushi bar who she was chatting it up with. Maybe we ate too much to start with. I'm just saying, if you don't want to really serve people all they can eat, don't offer it. And, it was kind of odd how they were out of several of the kinds of fish we tried to order halfway through our meal. There are only about 20 other AYCE sushi in places in Vegas/Henderson I'd recommend instead.
5	My Favorite sushi place in town, Love Beto the guy on the pic, he always make the best sushi and he can definitely hold his beers down :). it can get slow in between rolls when they are packed but some understanding and ordering more rolls than normal at a time will help with that.
5	One of our favorite AYCE sushi places to go to and it's close to my house, so this is a big plus. I love the staff. They have alot of repeat customers and they know many of them by name. Which is great to see! They also have Electronic dance music playing throughout the restaurant which is pretty cool. I definitely recommend this place for AYCE.
4	Stopped by at random, chefs are friendly and the food is fresh! All you can eat! Try the Tuna Karai if you like sashimi, delicious!
4	I've heard it multiple times from the Terri R and Alicia R.  Sumo is one of their favorite places for sushi.  And for them, it's all about the Lion Roll and Screaming Orgasm (Sashimi). Both of the Twins also claim that they haven't found a place out here that can make the Lion Roll as good as Sumo.  I'll just take their word for now. I've driven by this place a handful of times and with Blue Fin just around the corner, I never had the opportunity to eat here.  I got that opportunity recently when TR and AR invited me for a dinner with their co-workers.  No way I'm turning down food.  No way I'm turning down sushi.  No way I'm turning down food and sushi with my favorite twins.  This restaurant is located in the Henderson area off Sunset and Green Valley.  The restaurant itself is averaged sized, quiet, and the staff is amazing.  When I first walked in, the staff greeted me with a smile and started flexing their muscles.  Not sure what that meant at the time.  I assumed it meant that I better workout after eating here because eat is what I'm going to do. I had their Garlic Tuna Sashimi and Yellowtail Nigiri. The Yellowtail Nigiri is a little bigger than most and taste is about the same with most.  My nigiri was fresh and I didn't have a problem finishing it.  Now for the main event...their Garlic Tuna Sashimi.  First of all, no one warned me about the size of this dish.  I thought I was getting about 5 slices of tuna.  What I got had to be 15+ pieces of sashimi.  If I knew this, I wouldn't have ordered the nigiri.  This was so good, so fresh, and for tuna not fishy at all.  Texture was perfect, simply rolled down my throat and into my belly.  I tried to share, but everyone got their own dishes.  Next time I know better, this is a dish for two.  But don't worry, I still finished it on my own. Am I a fan?  I can't speak for the rest of the menu.  All I can say...it's all about their Garlic Tuna Sashimi.  Garlic Tuna Sashimi:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=mcacEQbVaYaqExhwXZxG_w&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQYou Need These:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jVQBoohYcI0JVFCU-4ubYA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQYellowtail Nigiri:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=apQNpR8bhs5VdTuEm_38MA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
4	Decided to go here for my husbands birthday. We have a "usual" sushi place, but it's a lot further away then Sumo Sushi, plus Sumo Sushi is open for lunch. We did go for lunch and they have pretty good lunch specials. Their sushi is fresh and their actual meals are decent as well.
1	I work in a business that get a lot of our new customers from yelp so I had to wait overnight to make sure I was really as upset about my experience as I thought I was. Turns out, I am. My boyfriend and I have visited Sumo a couple times and always had ok experiences. Not amazing, but ok for the price and good. Until last night. We went into Sumo at 8:30 on 6/21 for dinner. It took 5 minutes to get us seated, as the waitress was fiddling with menus and things on the front counter. We finally got seated and our drinks brought to us. We marked off our 4 rolls on the all you can eat menu and proceeded to wait 20 minutes to place the order with the waitress. We continued to wait as parties were brought in, seated, and served ahead of us. At one point a different waitress brought us a roll we didn't order, telling us it was only a few more minutes until our order was ready, but the roll she brought was nothing more than piles of terrible tasting imitation crab meat with just a bit of salmon. Finally, over an hour later, I said something to my boyfriend, to find out the table next to us, a couple with two children around age 8 who had been there before we say down, hadn't gotten anything either. When I brought my displeasure up to the waitress, we didn't get an apology or anything, and she attempted to charge us for the terrible tasting roll we didn't order. Ourselves and the family next to us both watched the entire place arrive after us and be served, and we all left without eating. I thought Sumo might be our new place, but this was such a disappointing experience I doubt I will ever be back again.
5	The all you can eat dinner option is worth every cent.  They are attentive, quick and everything is delicious.  Be sure to get the "who's your daddy?"  It's the best roll I've ever had. The only reason this place isn't 5 stars all around is because the atmosphere is a little bland.  Check it out, eat your face off and thank me when you do.
2	Between the servers being quite rude and aloof, I was disappointed with the lack if selection on the menu. There were maybe 10-15 different roll options and none looked that appealing. When we finally placed our order with a waitress that appeared to have no idea about what was going on, she came back 5 minutes later telling me that the didn't have the roll I ordered. Why is it on the menu if you don't have it? Did the fish go extinct? We had also ordered miso soup and edamame. The soup came out right away, but I had to ask the waitress at the end of our meal if the edamame was still on the way. "Oh, did you still want that?" No, I just ordered for no reason. When the edamame made it to the table, it tasted old and over-cooked. I definitely will not be returning.
4	Very good. Especially the Something's Wrong #69 roll. All I can say is, Lord have mercy on my palate.
1	I feel like this place should be rated in WTF's instead of stars because if I was rating in WTF's this place would have like, the highest score of all time.I went in with a pretty large group at lunch time and my they were eager to eat all of the sushi. So it's not like we were wasting their time. I mean, lunch time... restaurant... hungry people: It all made perfect sense!We waited several minutes to be acknowledged. WTF? Once the hostess came out of the back we noticed she was on the phone. WTF? Amazingly, she looked at us and went away again without acknowledging us. WTF?When she came back she was still on the phone. Really? WTF.Then she pointed and grunted towards the dinning room. WHILE STILL ON THE PHONE. Seriously?We sat and she gave us one menu. ONE. There were 5 of us. We had to ask for more menus when we saw her again. She was still on the phone, and without a word she went and grabbed like 2 more menus and kind of threw them at us. WTF? I can't believe that was even real life.At this point we were all just madly uncomfortable. Like what if we wanted to ask her for something more complicated than a menu... like SUSHI? She was still on the phone when we walked out and barely glanced at us. WTF.I guess I can't say anything about the food because I was too busy WTFing to order any. But I definitely wouldn't go back so it doesn't matter if the food is the best. If I want service this terrible I can eat at home where my private cook is NEVER around.That is like 8 WTF's in the condensed version of this story. That is like 1 WTF/ minute for this place! Great job!
2	Yuck. First, the fish was stale and definitely not safe. Second, both sushi chefs were SO drunk they couldn't keep it together. They made everything wrong, served dishes to the wrong people, forgot orders multiple times,  and we're stumbling over themselves. The hostess was all over the place but had no idea what was going on around her.Wouldn't waste 26$ there again.
4	Food was excellent! The server was super friendly. The menu was just too busy! It should be more simple, makes the decision too hard! Prices are extremely fair! Will def go again.
3	I went here twice for the time I have been in Las Vegas.  The first time, it was pretty good, Service was nice and fast, the food came out at a good pace, everything tasted pretty good.  The second however, I was not a fan at all.  There was one other table that was seated so I assumed things would come out at a steady time.  Boy was I wrong.  On my second visit everything was the complete opposite, and I wanted a nice bowl of ramen.  Please do not get it here, it is actually the instant ramen stuff, which made me so sad.  I feel like i should go in one more time to see how it is, but after the last visit I dont plan to anytime soon.
1	Yuck. This place smelled funny. When we walked in the hostess and chef were acting very odd. We were given a dirty menu... Didn't even stay to try the food because we were so turned off by the weird atmosphere and filthiness of the menu.
2	I give this place 2 stars only because the waitress was very annoying, she was walking back n forth and all around us talking very loud. Even when approaching us to ask questions when no one but another couple was in the restaurant she was very loud. I could not enjoy my lunch on my day off from work when all I wanted to do is go out to eat and relax. The chef that served us was very nice, friendly, and I enjoyed his service. I do want to come back because the sushi was great but service like that is not pleasant.
5	If you weren't looking for this hidden gem you just might miss it :)I was looking for a supermarket when I stumbled across it...I sat at the bar where the chef betto hooked me up...im new at sushi so he asked what I like and went to work making me feast...good food good people good time :) I will definitely be back!!!!
1	No thank you. I don't like sounding like a snob or suggest that it is not possible to run a successful Japanese restaurant if you are not Japanese, but this place is horrible.  These folks aren't Japanese and their inexperience with the food shows.  The sushi rolls are very sloppy and loosely rolled, the crab is not crab, but Krab... Fake for sure.   The worst was the yakitori. Don't bother, because it is really a teriyaki shishkabob with broccoli and squash. The meat was over marinated and under cooked.   Run away and don't look back, there are plenty of authentic places around that don't cost any more than this place and will give you real Japanese food. The only thing Japanese about the place is the beer.  Very disappointed and won't bother a second time.
5	If you end up in  Henderson for any reason, stop by this little gem. Excellent quality sushi, classic and innovative rolls.  Unagi sashimi is delicious. Highly recommended!
4	Can't be hit or miss on quality and rolls but overall good. Last time we went it was for my birthday and the chef made a random special till based off the fish I like and it was amazing! Deserving to be in a sushi bar on the strip. He's why I'm giving them four stars.
1	Had the same problem as a lot of people here with the server being rude, comically rude. The sushi was averageCame in with a buddy at 10:20pm; forty minutes before closing and the hostess/server says "oh my god" in what seemed to be a reaction to our arriving so close(forty minutes) to closing. I asked her about something on the menu and she responds by stating we can only place orders until 10:50, never answering my question. We finish at 10:55 and ask for separate checks and she strongly urges us to pay with cash instead of credit. We tell her we don't have cash. She then urges us to pay with a single card until I adamantly refuse. Please fire this bitch
2	I have been to this particular sushi restaurant on 4 separate occasion.  Each occasion getting progressively worse.  The pro's- maybe one or two dishes are good.The con's- the service sucks.  FIRE YOUR CRAPPY HOSTESS WHO DOES NOT KNOW THE FIRST THING ABOUT CUSTOMER SERVICE.  She is just rude...like she does not even want to be at work, ever.  Not to mention all female servers are arrogant and just not nice, taking 20 mins to refill a water cup.  Please.I only gave a second star because I happened to like their screaming o.
5	Once again, we stopped in for All You Can Eat sushi at lunchtime and had the best sushi ever. We sat at the bar with Sonny and he handled our requests with poise and ease. Our server was great, she was so sweet. Sumo is the only sushi restaurant we go to and I always bring my family there when they come from Hawaii to Vegas. Thanks Jay and Sonny!!
4	As the duchess of Sumo Sushi, I'd be doing it a disservice if I didn't post a review. :) Positives: always delicious. Generous portions. Negatives: on many occasions I've gotten a roll that was different than what was according to the menu. They hand you two menus: one with pictures and one for AYCE. The rolls on each are listed with different ingredients. You may think you're getting one thing, but you end up getting another. I've mentioned it to them more than once, and the language barrier(?) has gotten me nowhere. Good luck!
3	One of the ol' school sushi joints in Vegas, these guys are doing an OK job. I was told by one of the owners that they were the originators of what is known as "Las Vegas sushi" I can neither confirm nor deny this claim.Came here with a bunch of peoples who were on the lookout for some AYCE sushi. After we came in, we were shown to our seats in which they used banquet chairs. The tables are a little smallish for 4 peoples but we were able to squeeze in. I had to hold my breath.Now off to the AYCE. Everything was good, some standouts include the tuna karai, the coconut shrimp which tasted like TGIFridays version, and salmon kama.One thing though the service was inconsistent. Sometimes they were thoughtful, other times, I had to flag down a server several times to refill our water.Another note, the portion size was a little bit too big for AYCE. Normally, I complain when a business is too stingy. But for AYCE, I wish they were smaller so that I could of had a chance to try the nigiri, and other rolls. I would come back here as a fallback in case bluefin was too packed. But it is what it is, so next time take care of yourself.. And each other.
2	food is ok, pretty good actually. I used to get to go often. I stopped coming due to the rude hostess. Husband wanted all you can eat and was tired of our usual lunch spot, omg never again! This hostess is awful, rubbed her wet hand on my back.. WTH? Mimicked me with an annoying voice when I asked for tea? REALLY? that's it NEVER AGAIN
3	The place is ok. There's plenty of ayce sushi places, & this is place is surely not in my top 3 or top 10. The sushi is average, but still decent.
4	getting the derisive waitress out of the way, (you all know exactly who i'm talking about) i find no fault with this restaurant. come hungry, it doesn't make sense to order anything but the AYCE for the price. sashimi isn't included on the AYCE menu so scoot around that by ordering a bunch of nigiri and the screaming orgasm- which is tuna sashimi drizzled in spicy mayo. a word of caution: if you order the AYCE and don't finish everything you've ordered, you're charged for it. i've eaten here a total of three times, and each time the sushi was super tasty and fresh. the portions are large and i enjoyed everything i ordered, especially the wrong turn #69 roll, vampire roll, and caterpillar roll. make sure your table has a picture menu, because you can't really guess what's inside most of the rolls without a visual.fried ice cream was also tight. would def hit up this place again if ever in town
4	Food is fresh and very delicious! They have AYCE sushi for only 25.95(dinner) has a alot to choose from. And 50% off sushi 7 days a week! Its great gotta try it!
1	My husband and I recently moved to this area of town, and my husband was looking for a new sushi place to frequent near home. We decided to try this place about a month ago. My husband got the AYCE. When he ordered, the waitress said, "are you sure you want to order that much? You get charged for what you cannot finish... " He orders AYCE all the time, so he knows how much he can eat. He got a roll or sashimi (I don't recall), and he said it was so awful, he could not eat it. This coming from someone who will eat practically anything. He forced himself to eat as much as he could. The waitress had the nerve to say "I told you so." He politely said "It's not that I could not eat more, I just did not like the taste." Despite him telling her this, and him eating part of the disgusting roll, she charged us for leftovers. Oh, well. Their loss. We will not be going back again.
4	Have been here twice and have no complaints except I fumble with the menu a little.  Meaning that even with the description I don't really know what to expect.  Whatever I have ordered had Been to my liking. The rolls have always tasted fresh and the portions are great.  If you order the AYCE and the waitress comments on that being a lot of food,  keep in mind that she is trying to help you and is not being rude. You can always make a second or more order as the night goes on. Will be back soon and would recommend to anyone to try it. Remember that is 50% of food Sunday thru Thursday.
5	My friend brought me to this sushi restaurant about 6 months ago and ive probably been about 10 times since. It doesn't look like much from the outside or the inside really but actually it's really good sushi. I would have to say I really love the food but Sunny the sushi chef is my favorite part about the restaurant.  Give it a try, you won't regret it.
2	The AYCE is great and the price is better but after multiple let downs I don't think I will ever return. The service here is atrocious! Be sure to bring your patience to dinner if you choose to visit this establishment. If you can't stand going through the drive thru more than once to get your order right then I would strongly advise you to steer clear of this place. Ultimately you'll end up leaving without half the items you ordered.
4	My roommate has been raving about Sumo Sushi for months.  We haven't made it out because its kind of far from where we live, and there are places that we enjoy that are closer...but Friday night, we had a going away dinner for a friend, and she wanted to come to Sumo, so we finally got to try it.Let me say this, I would have LOVED to give Sumo 5 stars, truly.  The food was phenomenal, which I'll get to in a moment.The reason for the 4 stars is that the service did not match the quality of the food.Service was nice, and very polite, but oh my goodness was it slow. I had to order my bottle of hot sake ($3 more expensive than the other places I go, which also figures in to the 4 stars instead of 5) twice before I actually got it.  It took ages for the waitresses to come back over to take our 2nd and 3rd round orders.  Once they were there, they were super nice, and the food came out quickly, but it was the in between times that were borderline ridiculous.Now, for the food.I don't even know where to start, I was so impressed with the quality of the fish. We almost always order just nigiri and some appetizers...this time we did that, but also got 3  of their "specialty" dishes:  The screaming O, the Tuna Karai, and the Cocaine.  I don't remember what all was in these dishes, but they were all served on daikon radish NOODLES (I seriously had no idea this was daikon, I though they were noodles.  Delicious), with huge portions of tuna, and were all flavored very well.The garlic tuna is perhaps the best garlic tuna I have ever had in my life, and I've eaten a lot of it...It was smothered in delicious garlic, and while I can't put my finger on exactly why it was so "omg amazing"...it just was.  I'd come back for this alone.I tried amaebi for the first time here, as well.  We were disappointed that they did not offer the heads, but my fella tried it first and insisted that it was some of the best he's had.  It was wonderful...almost a buttery texture, and so sweet!  I loved it.The rest of the nigiri was just above standard for me:  cajun albacore, super white, unagi, ebi...we were very pleased with our experience. They also offer a spicy ramen bowl.  Caution: this is NOT a small bowl of ramen, so if you fill up easily, you might want to skip it.  The gyoza was delicious, although they did not bring out the gyoza sauce.  The spicy garlic edemame was great too.All in all, I was extremely pleased with my experience here, and would definitely come back...
1	Not impressed....  Service was okay speed wise, however even though first order was written done by server , We were brought two rolls we did not order... Other rolls were unrecognizable and hard to figure out what they were suppose to be, since they were delivered to the table without explanation...looked nothing like the photos.... Decor was outdated, music choice was 80's theme which I enjoy however when Bon Jovi came on  ( don't get me wrong I love Bon Jovi) the servers turned the music up so loud it felt more like a concert arena than a sushi restaurant...than there was a strange smell that overtook the place...still not quite sure what that was... I was very disappointed especially after dining at Sushi Sumo II the previous week, with a totally different outcome...
