1	I have been going to this office for a long time, but the quality of service has really gone down.  I recently had an appointment, for which I was 30 minutes early, but then had to wait over one hour past my appointment time to be seen.  After all of this my trial contacts were lost (apparently I picked them up, which I never did) and it is unclear whether or not another pair will be ordered.The front office staff is not particularly helpful and definitely make you feel like they are doing you a favor by letting you into their office.  Do yourself a favor and go to another optometrist.
1	I'd give this place -10 stars if I could. Like reviews before said, it's not the doctors it's the staff. Picture 3-4 mid life crisis ladies holding up the desk work with no manager supervision and can basically get away with everything. Yes picture their attitude. They spelt my sister's name wrong and had the audacity to YELL (and I'm not exaggerating about yelling) at me saying I must've spelt it wrong on the paperwork. Dude, I'm 21 filling out paperworks. They are 50+ typing on a computer. Really? Who's more likely to make the mistake here? I told them in a nice normal voice and they start yelling. I don't even care how nice the doctor was anymore, their staff just killed it. They need to hire people who actually appreciates their job. If those ladies hate dealing with customers, then quit. I'm sureeeee they can easily find another job at their age. Get your eyes checked somewhere else and bring the prescription to Costco is what I suggest. This opt office is not a part of Costco. You complain to Costco, they couldn't even do anything.
1	Just like an earlier review, IT'S NOT THE DOCTOR, IT'S THE STAFF (the manager to be exact).  I'm a repeat customer and returned in 2013, and I definitely will not be going back after the manager's demeanor when I asked her a question.  She talked to me in a patronizing and condescending manner, which left such an impression on me that I will never go back.  Fortunately, Dr. Rath has an independent clinic in Henderson and Dr. Rath, not Red Rock Vision, will continue to receive my business.My 2012 ReviewI almost cancelled my appointment after reading the negative reviews, but it was too last minute.  Good thing, because I had a great experience.  Maybe they fired all the staff since the last negative reviews.  The employees I met were very friendly, and apologized when I had to wait only 10 minutes.  Dr. Rath was, by far, the best optometrist I have been to yet.  He was very receptive to my questions and took the time to make sure my contact lenses fit comfortably, including trying on multiple brands until finding the right one for me.  The price for a contact lense fitting was very reasonable ($120).  This office also has state-of-the-art equipment.
5	The doctor was absolutely incredible.  I have never seen this well in my entire life.  After he hands me this magical pair of contacts, he takes me back in and says "I'm a perfectionist when it comes to contact lenses and I think I can get them even better".I have never had an eye doctor care that much and as a photographer, my vision is everything.   I see what people are saying about the front desk staff, but those people aren't important - it's all about how well you see and how good the doctor is!
3	My big complaint... OMG!  The benches outside the office which is in Costco are ridiculously uncomfortable!The exam and paperwork were fine and I liked the doc.  They didn't accept VSP but made sure I had the paperwork necessary when I left to make a claim.The best part was walking outside and being able to get really affordable glasses at costco. (which does accept VSP)    Between $85 exam and cost of glasses it was probably half of what I paid last time in regular doc office.
3	Like other reviews for this business, love the Doctor but the front office staff is complacent when it comes to good customer service. It seems to me they hate their job or something. I keep going because of the quality care I have received from Dr. Griffith over the past few years and the location in Costco, but if it weren't for that I wouldn't go back.
4	Unlike previous reviews, I had a blast with the front office staff. They were swamped with walk-ins and technology issues, but they still made me smile and were helpful. The gal who did the preliminary exam stuff was obviously flustered over the technology issues, but who wouldn't be? She still managed to be friendly and thorough. She even took the time to grab one of the technicians from the glasses department, (which by the way is owned by Costco, whereas the Optometrist is it's own entity), and had her measure my pupilatory distance so I could be able to order my glasses online.The doctor is great too. She was not only thorough, but was very knowledgeable. When I asked a question, she answered it instead of making me feel like it might be too complicated of an answer. She also didn't try to up-sell me on something I don't quite need yet (ahem, bi-focals).Yes, the waiting area is uncomfortable: but I am not there to be comfortable. I am there to have an amazing  doctor check my eyes.I've never used Costco to purchase my glasses. Since discovering zennioptical.com, I can get a complete pair of glasses for less than $100. (This last time, I got them for $60 with the best of the anti-reflective coating and two sets of clip-on sunglasses...)I'll definitely return, again, for my next annual eye exam. Thanks guys!!
3	I came in yesterday for an eye appointment with Dr. Griffith, he was very friendly and extremely professional. However the staff in the front were not exactly my cup of tea. The tests that I took before I saw the doctor weren't explained to me very well. Also, they overcharged me by $20 for the I&R(insertion and removal). Which was ridiculous to me because I told them that I had previously worn contacts. I put them in and took them our all on my won within a couple of seconds. So I don't see why they charged me for something that I already knew how to do.
5	Great customer service!!! This is my 3rd year here. The Dr and staff were very apologetic & professional about the wait. The testing is "painless" ( no more poofs of air!)!
