4	Bark Avenue Pet Resort is right next to Bark Avenue Pet Supply as well as Bark Ave Hospital, super convenient. I have been searching for an alternative to our mobile groomer recently based on budget cuts, cutting the dog's expenses means less cutting of mine ;) I HATE grooming my dogs because it seems so unnatural (& I hate them being lathered in products, especially scented ones, ew) but between the little one getting dread locks and the bigger one having some weird curling dew claw toenails, it is sadly necessary. Bark Avenue uses more "eco-friendly" products than most and every time I have gone in there the people are SUPER nice. Today was their first time being groomed there and it was the best haircut my little dog has ever had! Most of the time he looks ridiculous and some groomers do a poof ball on his head (he is not a poodle, he is a Bichon/Pomeranian) or cut his face too short or don't cut enough off of his ears but the guy at Bark Avenue (Sergio) got everything just right! The big dog just gets shaved so he couldn't really mess that up, but regardless, she looked beautiful too! We will definitely be going back and as far as price - it was $82 (ideally it would have been $70) for both as opposed to $110 with our mobile groomer so definitely still an improvement!
3	My dog "caught a case" and was imprisoned here for a 10 day stint.  Considering it was a county mandated visit I can't complain too much.  If I was a dog this is where I would want to go for doggy jail.  Much better than the county facility where he ran the risk of kennel cough among other infirmities.  They seemed to care about my dog and were very accommodating during visits.  They let us bring him toys from home to make him feel as comfortable as possible.  I recommend this place if your dog is ever accused of a crime and needs to do some jail time.  You can buy some good food and toys next door but they are all a bit overpriced if you ask me.  At the end of the day my dog is just that, a dog and I buy him better than average food (some type of protein should always be the first ingredient) but no one at the dog park can ever tell which dogs are the ones that eat the expensive food instead of the cheap food. I love my dog and I'm glad he's home.
5	I have 2 full grown Golden Retrievers; one is actually a senior with bad hips. I researched Bark Avenue thoroughly; read all the reviews; showed up several days at different times, always unannounced to tour the facility.  They were always very pleasant and accommodating; the kennels were always clean and bright; the dogs all looked very calm and happy.  We decided to board our 2 girls for a 5 day  weekend.  They shared a suite and got extra outdoor time (huge grassy play area).  When we picked them up after their stay, they were, of course, happy to see us; however, they did not seem stressed or upset in any way!  I have nothing negative to report; and, we are boarding them at Bark Avenue again.  I have no worries!!
5	Boarded my cat for 2 weeks.  They took great care of him in his "kitty condo".  Prices are reasonable, very clean and staff very friendly.  Will use them again!!
5	I can't thank the staff enough at Bark Avenue for how they cared for my dog of 15 years as he neared the end of his life. They were loving as if he was their own.  I am forever grateful for their care and support.  Highly recommend this kennel for not only the 'how' they provide service, but the larger variable of the 'way' that they deliver it - with caring and compassion. Top notch on all fronts.  Kudos to Angie and Roberto who really are stand outs on a great team!
1	Another regular customer run off by the new manager, Susan.I have been taking my dog here for a couple years and loved the staff and the facility, particularly the real grass area.  But this last time both check-in and check-out were rude and difficult.  I had called to make two reservations on Friday, one for two nights then and one for 8 nights this next Friday. The sweet girl taking the reservation said Novia's shots were a month overdue but to bring her in for this short visit and get them for the longer stay.  When I arrived, Susan said the shots were required.  She said even with the shots, other dogs can be "carriers." She did NOT mention that they had a recent (8/15) outbreak of kennel cough, which I later discovered from another reviewer. When I told her that was not what I was told, and I could have accomplished that, she said, "looks like some training is needed." She then left the desk and me standing there.  I asked the young girl who was very friendly if she could check me in, which she did. In all the commotion, I don't know if the young girl told me I had to pick up Novia by 2:30 Sunday or not, but she did say they were closed Monday.Sunday at about 2:15 I called to say I was on my way to pick up Novia by 3:00, the published closing time on their web-site. Susan said I had to be there by 2:30.  I said I could not possibly make that, but I would be there by 3:00.  She asked if my bank stayed open for me?  She said they are a business.  I said if I cant pick Novia up, then I have to pay for two more nights, because they are closed Labor Day.  She said, "right." I said the web-site said 3:00.  She said, "there are a lot of things wrong with the web-site."So, when I went to pick up Novia today, not even sure if she had enough food and water (which I bring in) for four nights, I had the unfortunate experience of Susan again.  She said your bill is $110.00. I again expressed concern about the events and that I had a reservation for Friday for 8 nights. She said, "rules are rules, and the owner has hired me to enforce the rules."  She said the girl who took my reservation was going to get fired for telling me I didn't need the shots right away.  I said, "that's unfair to her." No response.  I said, you should consider I have been coming regularly for a couple years and have another reservation.  No response.  I said cancel the reservation for 8 nights.  She said, "done."  I paid and left.No more Bark Avenue for me.  Susan gets the credit; she won. But she will run off half the wonderful employees and all the regular customers.Reply:So, Susan's response was an effort to discredit me.  Not surprising.  She has NO customer satisfaction intent and her lip service is in vain.  Every single word of my review was absolutely honest.  It is also not surprising she confronted the employees she said she was going to fire.  When I left that day, shocked at her attitude, I went into the vet and spoke with the medical director.  She said, "this is not the first time we have had complaints about her.  I will let the owner's know."  Susan is still on her reign of terror.
5	When I got to the facility I was notified that my dog Nippy was not updated on her vaccinations. I was already in a hurry to get to the airport and was distraught thinking that I was going to have to miss my flight to make sure Nippy was taken care of. I asked the manager, Susan, if she could make an exception just once considering my desperate situation. She explained to me that she could not make an exception due to the potential health risk to other dogs. The solution she offered was exponentially better. The kennel has it's own veterinary clinic on-site and Susan offered to accept Nippy if I agreed to have her vaccinations taken care of by their vet. Ecstatic to receive this resolution to my problem, I agreed and filled out the necessary paperwork. I will always be grateful to Susan and her staff. Not only were all of my needs met in a moment of turbulence, when I picked Nippy up she looked happy and healthy as ever. I will surely be back and highly recommend to anyone that this is the place to go.
1	SCAMMERS Clueless as to what causes bordetella, and are forcing people to get  vaccine from vet when the one you get from pharmacy is perfectly fine!!!!
5	We have been using Bark Avenue for the past couple years and love this place. It is always clean, the staff are wonderful and our dogs really enjoy their time  ther
1	my dog stayed at bark avenue pet resort in mesa for 6 days..when i picked him up he was hacking and apparently caught kennel cough! very displeased that it was not brought to my attention since clearly as they walked him out to me he was sick! I paid for 6 pet and plays and not one person there( whom im sure they would be familiar with kennel cough) didnt inform me a day or days before that he was sick? or maybe the pet and plays were not done???called the manager to see if a dog was sick and that my dog caught something she said not to her knowledge and to take my dog to the vet..nothing about being sorry or any signs or empathy or maybe saying we will check what kennel he was in and see if any dogs are sick..nope just take your dog to the vet and that they cant guarantee that dogs arent sick there! we wont be going back there and i feel the manager was completely rude and uncaring!
5	The staff have been incredibly helpful during a very difficult time. Their compassion and understanding has helped ease some of the stress that resulted in the need to board my dog. I know he's being well taken care of and their doing everything they can for our situation.
