3	In futile attempt to support a spirit of Cinco de Mayo me and my dear kitteh eneded up at the friendly corner of Bonanza and Eastern.  I've been to this fine establishment a couple years ago and I didn't recall having any unforeseen consequences so I thought that it shouldn't be bad this time either. I'm not going to talk much about food which is a solid OK for a mexican (or in this case mexican-salvadorean) restaurant except the fact that shrimp in my fajitas was a little overcooked... What I'm going to talk is about the "dining experience" itself. Sometime between our sitting down and first appearance of the waitress we got to witness enterprising individual dressed in saggy pants (and colorfully displayed underwear) peddling fake perfumes. He avoided our table probably thinking that we are not likely to be his customers... however, next businessmen was not as intimidated and proudly offered to purchase screen copy of Avengers for mere $3. I had to politely decline because we already planned to part with $30 same night for 3D IMAX Dolby Surround bone rattling experience at the movie theater. So I thought... wrapping my shrimp fajitas in a hand-made tortilla, how good does it get? Can I possibly get a hair cut with my meal here? And right at this moment another vendor showed up in front of my face offering (I assume hand-made too) rosaries and bracelets. Great! It was already like a flea market that comes to you.What I really needed was a wireless router so I really started thinking that I can save a trip to Fry's and just get it while snacking on chips and salsa but no luck... all we got on a way out is another smiling individual with half a head of cheese "Queso, queso?". Uhmm... I'll think about it next time.
2	Don't worry be happy. The poor waitress seemed so depressed or moody better yet said. I didn't want to ask for anything, I didn't want her to go all psycho ninja on my ass.I didn't receive 1 smile from this lady. The whole time I was there I just wanted to leave.On with the food. I had a Caldo de albondiga, honestly though it tasted like it was from a can. It wasn't all that great. Even I could make this soup better. The cheesy salsa was bomb.com  It was a spicy salsa with cheese melted inside.$2.00 for a canned soda because they don't have fountain drinks. Speedy service is a fact at this jointSolicitors are welcomeBeer is served coldOverall this place is cleanFor now this places doesn't meet the standards for Mexican, perhaps Salvadorian.I wouldn't recommend this places at all.
