5	This place is fantastic... a baby boutique that carries clothing, shoes, toys, and gear that you don't see at Babies 'r' Us and Target. They also have several eco-friendly items. It's a lovely, much-needed departure from the giant corporate stores that we have so much of in Vegas.And it's really close to St. Rose hospital in Henderson. I made several stops there before and after doctors appointments when I was pregnant!
5	Great little boutique! There is a definite shortage of baby stores in/near Las Vegas, and this store helps fill the void. There are definitely up to all the latest trends in diaper bags, strollers, toys, books, clothes, and accessories. I checked out their website before I went in, and I emailed them to check stock on a sale item. They emailed me back in a matter of a few hours, and I rushed over. I got about $20-30 off a Petunia Pickle Bottom diaper bag (that is in stores in nordies :)! They also have the best books for all chewie babies! The different books of tails (for about $2 less than nordies)! This store is awesome! check out their website for sales too :)
4	This place is so nice. I always have fun in this little shop. They have a great selection on baby gear. Its nice to shop someplace else other than Walmart or Babies R Us.If your expecting or know someone who is this is a great place to check out, you will be glad you did.
5	This is by far the best baby store in Las Vegas.  The amount of clothing and baby gadgets that they offer is unbelievable.  Most of the stuff they have I have not seen anywhere else.  I love the selection of shoes they offer as well as the gorgeous headbands and flower pieces.  The girls are very knowledgeable and helpful with everything.  I love how they do not try to rush you or make you feel like you are asking too many questions (because we all know us new mommies have a million of them).  It is about time that Las Vegas offered a baby store that didn't mean having to compromise customer service for value or value for customer service.  This store really does offer it all.  I recommend it to new and not so new mommies alike as well as anyone who is trying to find a unique and amazing baby gift.
4	Great selection and friendly staff.  They even have Hooter Hiders for nursing moms!  Fabulous!
1	Terrible service!...I think it must have been one the owners. Not quite sure how long they'll stay in business with that attitude.
5	The ladies that run this store are so friendly and they provide GREAT customer service. I'll def be back for more baby gear.
1	How this place stays in business is beyond me. They are run by a rude person that overcharges for everything in the store. Avoid this place and head to a Babies R us.
4	I went in October before I had my son to this adorable store. The customer service was great and the lady was very helpful! She helped me pick a baby bamboo tummy belt to help my stomach go back into place after my delivery! It was a great buy and the lady have me great advice! I definitely will go back and will recommend this store!
5	What a cute store!  Bought my stroller here and it was the same price as it would have been from the manufacturer website minus the shipping and handling.  The owner was friendly and upbeat and gave me and my dad a great tutorial on how it works.  They also have all the accessories I will need in the future for my stroller and growing family.  Stop in here if you are expecting or know someone that is, you will be sure to find that perfect "something".
1	I was excited to check this place out and I heard that they had some very cute stuff and I drove a little out my way to go to this store but the attitude of one of the workers... Who I actually think is the owner ,was horrible!! She was very rude and snobby. I felt like I wasn't worthy or good enough to come into her store. Whenever I asked her about something she seemed like she didn't even want to talk to me. I overheard her say something rude about me to one of the workers and I immediately left. They had some great stuff but their customer service is horrible.
5	Love this store! My premie twins were about to be discharged from the NICU and I hadn't had time to buy car seats. Angela at Lovebug Baby spent time with us explaining different features and rush ordered a second seat that they didn't have in stock. Amazing service from nice people who know their  baby products.
