5	This is the wholesale bakery of the world famous St. Viateur Bagel Shop.  THEY ARE OPEN TO THE PUBLICIf you need to come up with serious dozens of fresh bagels in an instant - this is the place.  No, they don't have all of the nice little extras, but what did you REALLY come here for anyway?But wait - Hate to wait? On Saturday and Sunday morning when the lines are REALLY long at # 263, a leisurely stroll down the block will get you as many of those fresh hot beauties as you can carry!
5	My dad lived in Montreal back in the 70's, and every time he comes to visit here, he gets roughly eight dozen bagels. If he knows he's getting bagels from St. Viateur, he'll often borrow my mom's minivan to drive up to Montreal, to make sure they'll all fit. We've had problems at the border, a lot of US agents who have never had the fortune of going to St. Viateur think we're smuggling drugs amongst all the bagels. But no, there's really just nearly 100 bagels in our trunk. They're that good.
4	Montreal's bagels. everyone telling me about how good they are.... so I guess visiting St Viateur is on top of my to do list for my weekend in Montreal.This location is the first I visited. Nothing fancy here, bagels... and more bagels.For this afternoon only plain, sesame and poppy seeds are available. We also pick up some smoked salmon spread to go with them.If you love your bagels dense, heavy and sweet... these babies are for you!
5	I don't think I've ever eaten almost three bagels in one sitting. That's wrong, right? I mean, people eat 2,3,4, donuts in one sitting, so why not bagels? I'm just comparing shapes here, people. I have to say though, the only place that has ever led me to the verge of gluttony was St. Viateur Bagel Shop. I really don't enjoy pointing fingers, but I have to blame them for giving me my two dozen while they were still warm. This just set me up for a downward spiral of bagel shame. They are just so delicious you can't eat just one when they are that fresh! However, when they are a day or two old, I can easily refrain from eating more than my standard serving of one. The bagels are made fresh at the shop every day, and you can even spy on the dudes in the back working away. Made there, sold there - plain, poppy seed, whole wheat, sesame seed, cinnamon raisin - stop me now! Grab a dozen or two and you're set for at least a week...unless of course you're weak like me...and you keep telling yourself, "Just one more...then I'll stop." Addictions are bad.
5	I was a tourist, and on the first night my friend took me out to the bars and then to try the bagels. This is THE place for a bagel at any hour. No frills, as it should be.
3	They're different that's for sure.  Maybe I'm just a NYC bagel kinda guy, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.  They're dense, hard, and have a different texture from NYC bagels, a bit grainier I think... they're okay.  Sorry Canada.
3	3.5 (0.5 is for their prices)Some nut rated this place and five and said they were better than NY bagels. BLASPHEMY!!!!I know Montreal bagels are thinner, have a larger hole, and are prepped differently than NY/NJ bagels, but honest to goodness, NY/NJ bagels are on a whole other level! I find Montreal bagels so much harder to eat. Where is the surface area to spread the cream cheese? And where's the doughy interior? What kind of 'All Dressed' (or what we Americans called an 'Everything') does not have salt on them? =(But for what they are this place was good, prices are excellent, the amount of cream cheese/hummus/butter spread selections is great. Drinks too.I was able to walk out of there with a dozen bagels, a large orange juice and some Liberty cream cream for less than $18. Not bad. I must say their cream cheese is way better than Philadelphia. Will I come back? I'm not too sure. Maybe if I was stranded in Canada and not just visiting for the weekend.In a perfect world, Liberte Cream Cheese on NY/NJ bagel.
5	They really are that good. So is watching them come out piping hot from the oven. I ate mine still warm, nothing on it, soooo good.Go here for the best bagels. Enough said.
4	My first breakfast in the city of Montreal was spent here. It was a superb choice. I highly recommend the cinnamon chai tea as it was excellently made.I ordered the ham, egg, and cheese bagel sandwich with a side salad. The salad took a little getting used to but the bagel was a trophy in and of itself!
5	This place is the most bare-bones, to the point bakery in the world. Don't expect some sort of trendy looking place selling overpriced baked goods. You're here for the bagels, and if you're stuck needing bagel accessories, they have those too.If you're not familiar with Montreal-style bagels, they're not what most people are used to. Most people are familiar with the New York style. Montreal-style bagels are smaller with crispy and sweet crust and a lighter overall texture. They're simply phenomenal with a nice schmeer of cream cheese, and don't even need toasting in any form to be excellent.They're sold at a few locations around Montreal (I bought more at the Marche Jean-Talon before leaving town) but getting them right out of the massive wood fired oven at the source on St-Viateur is so much better.
5	St-Viateur Bagel Shop is an Institution it's that good. Since 1957, 24/7 they've been pumping out amazing Bagels, selling over 1000 a day.   I've been coming here since I was really young and I remember  Joe the owner was always cracking jokes and let me make my own bagel, dip it in the Honey Water and put it in the wood burning furnace, and get to eat some dough.. Yumm.   This place is just the best and the workers love their job and put Love into the Bagel, that's why it's that tasty.  It's light and Crunchy on the outside, chewy inside, delicately sweet, and depending on your preference the Poppy, Sesame, Plain, All Dressed all have different overall tastes to them, so pick your Fav! Also they have a good selection of cream cheese, Hummus, butter, and beverages if you plan on having a Picnic.   My favourite is the Sesame seed Bagel fresh from the oven, just plain.  When buying the dozen ( or more) and bring it home , cut them in half and freeze them. That way you just pop the frozen bagel halves in the toaster and it comes out tasting fresh. Their website also offers info.   I also strongly suggest bringing the Montreal Bagels on your trips, they make great gifts. The Montreal Pierre Trudeau Airport when flying International offers the  St-Viateur Bagels in sandwiches and Bagels for sale by the half Dozen/ Dozen, so if you forget or don't have time to pick up your presents, here's your chance!   Yes I love this place and will be back as long as its still making Fresh Montreal Bagels.  This is a place I would take my kids when I have them.** Featured on The Layover , Antony Boudain Recommends: St-Viateur Bagel Shop"One of the best examples of the local style (of bagels), St-Viateur's hand-rolled, wood fire-baked, using the same Eastern European recipe they brought over half a century ago. They're very, very good."  **
4	Really very good bagels and thats coming from someone who was born and raised in NY. There really is no comparison because the texture is extremely different and Montreal bagels need to be appreciated for what they are.We ordered the traditional bagel which had lox, capers and onions on it. It was perfectly toasted and came with a small cup of soup or salad. We enjoyed our breakfast bagel so much that we bought 6 more to go-- eating them for lunch and dinner on our drive back to NYC from Montreal. My favorites are the sesame seed and the cinnamon raisin. I still love my NYC bagels and like that I dont have to toast them to enjoy them but I can appreciate Montreal bagels and their distinct taste. I will be craving them sometime soon!
5	My coworker is from Montreal and lives near here.  When we dined nearby, he said we HAD to stop afterwards and get some "montreal bagels".  I was kinda full from the meal, but I went along.  He bought a dozen to take back to his family and he bought another half-dozen for me to take back to the office the next day.Let me describe this place as "an authentic, ethnic bagel shop".  There is little fanfare or decor, except the sign that says they have been open since 1957.  After one bite (mind you it was next morning), I can see why my coworker says there is a line out the door most times.These guys handmake bagels and cook them in a wood-fired oven - by the hundreds.  The pricing is so cheap (the 18 bagels were $11CAD I think).  I had seasame seed and he got poppyseed.  They also sell cream cheese and salmon fixins.  Honestly the bagels are so good they don't need anything (I didn't even toast mine).When I showed up at the office the next day and offered up my six bagels, I was lucky to snag one before they disappeared in 2 minutes.  Next time I am in the area, I am definitely going back
3	I think it's overrated. I've had better bagels. But it was still good!
4	It's hard to find a bagel this good anywhere. A local reviewer recently recommended getting the sesame, fresh, and eating them soon after, and it's true that they just aren't the same the next day. But you can stop in pretty much any time of day, any day, and get sesame bagels that are still warm from the oven. The seeds are perfectly toasted, and the aroma hits you as soon as you walk in the door of this spot. The texture is slightly chewy, more dense than bread but lighter than the super-doughy commercial bagels you'll find. Addictive.
5	Most Montrealers are St-Viateur fans or Fairmount fans.  Personally I fall into the St-Viateur category.  They have a small selection of flavours but I prefer it that way.   I'm also a fan of the wood-burning oven they use to make them as well as the fact that they boil them in honey water.  I always load up on sesame seed and poppy seed bagels when I'm in the area.  The best part too  is that they make them all day long so they're usually very fresh when you pick them up.  It's next to impossible not to eat one on the way home and your car is filled with the aroma of freshly baked bagels as you drive home.
5	What's not to love? Fresh and hot right out of the oven sesame bagels that will make you cry with delight. Had them pack up a dozen or so for the trip home. Were they as good the next day? Not even close but hey that's life. I like that they sold individual servings of cream cheese so no need to have delayed gratification.
5	Friendly waitstaff, delicious food and lots of deserts! Definitely try the tasty bagel sandwiches. You also have an option of salad or soup on the side included with the sandwich. Your trip to Montreal will not be complete without stopping here.
3	Solid bagel shop, but a bit too sweet and some of the bagels were a little stale (not fresh?) and doughy.
5	Best bagels I've ever had. The end.But actually. Bagels are such a simple thing that're sold everywhere, but no one really does them quite as well as St. Viateur. Also the place is open 24 hrs. That's freaking fantastic. High quality bagels at any hour of the night!!They've got quite a number of flavors and options, but I honestly think the plain bagel is the best bagel. The thing about this bagel that differentiates it from other bagels out there is in the dough itself. While normal bagels need cream cheese to accentuate and even flavor the bagel, even the plain bagel can stand alone when it's being eaten here. It's got its own unique taste and god it is fantastic. St. Viateur also has quite the extensive collection of cream cheese, toppings, drinks, etc and yeah it's pretty awesome.But actually. Best bagels I've ever had. I was struggling when I was reading the reviews between this place and the other place, but I honestly have to say that I have probably not ever had a bagel better than the ones that I've had here. This is no exaggeration. Friends got the cinnamon and sesame ones which I think were fine, but you gotta go plain.tldr; best bagels ever, go plain.
4	I tried the everything bagel with salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes and capers.  It was the best bagel I've ever had.  It's also the only 11 dollar bagel I've ever had.  Service was great, they accommodated my group of 5 on a very busy Sunday.  It was a good brunch, sangria, bloody Marys and tons of bagels.  Very close to a 5 star rating.
4	$0.75 per bagel.  Choose from sesame, poppy seeds or plain!  Employees even offer to take pictures with you :)
4	that's a good bagel.
4	Make sure to be there when the bagels are fresh out of the over and hot. You're gonna love it.Also open all night, so you can snack on bagels at 4AM if you feel like it.
5	very simple great fresh bagels made on site.you can see and talk to the guys making the bagels.order a dz. to bring back. these are great bagel not better than NYC but totally different.must stop and have one there's alway room for bagels!
5	We walked in, bought an assorted dozen, walked out and headed for the airport. We froze the bagels as soon as we got home and there are still a couple left (it has been a month). The one that we toasted yesterday still tastes as wonderful as the first one we ate. These bagels may be the best food we got in Montreal.
2	*single tear*Wow, so disappointing! At 11:30am on a Sunday we grabbed 3 of these supposedly famous bagels to enjoy outside with our yummy lattes from Cafe Olimpico down the street. Our order: 1 sesame, 1 poppy, 1 everything...and 3 mini cream cheese packets. A recipe for deliciousness, no? NO. The bagels were cold, hard, nothing special at all.Were they having an off day? Perhaps. Still.....*single bagel tear*....very disappointing. Next time I would request "WARM bagels" if I were you :)(Bagel tips for Toronto: my favourite light fluffy bagels come from Gryfe's on Bathurst; my favourite Montreal-style bagels come from Bagel House on Avenue Rd).
5	I don't know how to really write a long review here because this place is simple and to the point.Delicious, fresh bagels at a super decent price. That's it! They also sell juices, water, and soft drinks as well as cream cheeses (even individual packets), hummus, and yogurt.It's definitely a place I try to stay away from, but on nights when we do go, it's bagelmania. Why do I stay away if it's so good? Because, unlike those lucky ones among us who can inhale 5 bagels a day and not gain a pound, all I need to do is just look at one, and I feel my jeans tighten..... But really, go. If you like bagels, you'll like this place!
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I'm a born and bred New Yorker and know a get bagel when I bite into it. With that being said, this was one of the most delicious bagels I've ever had...EVER!I was given the name of this bagel shop by friend who had once been. She told me that they're not your traditional bagels, so I'll admit that I was a bit hesitant. The location to which we went was jam-packed but waiting on line was a pleasure. My friend and I were able to watch the bagels get baked in the back, and it was absolutely fascinating. It was like being at a museum, but better - you could actually touch...and eat...everything you saw! I kept it simple with an everything bagel with vegetable cream cheese. The bagel was warm, crispy, and absolutely mouth-watering. It was so good, I was tempted to go back and get another dozen. I wish I had known ahead of time that you could sit down and enjoy a meal here. I would've enjoyed picking some other items off their menu!Please, if you're in Montreal, hunt down one of their locations; you won't be disappointed in the piece of heaven you're about to enjoy!
4	Ouvert 24/7!!!Open 24/7!!!Enjoy
4	Got the recommendation from our hotel as one of the best places for bagels - definitely these bagels were delicious and are no comparison to what you buy at a chain grocery store. We bought a variety including cinnamon raisin, everything, and rosemary (my favorite). The texture is chewier. Glad we stopped by. Friendly and quick service.
3	This was a fun breakfast stop during an October trip to Montreal. It was neat seeing the bagels being thrown into a pile after being freshly made. I enjoyed my bagel, though the taste was different from a NY bagel - growing up on Long Island, those were my default bagels, so I may be biased. I did enjoy the option of a rosemary bagel though. I would say this place is worth a stop overall if you're in the area or don't mind traveling a bit off the beaten path. I would give it a 3.5 if I could.
5	I grew up on these. They are my late-night drunk food. They are the go-to's that I bring on weekend trips and brunches. No other bagel can compare to the awesomeness of a St-Viateur sesame seed bagel. Especially when fresh, piping hot and slathered in cream cheese.
4	Located in neighborhood of Mile End in the borough of Le Plateau Mont-Royal, St-Viateur Bagel has been makin bagels for over 55 years. They claim to be the longest running bagel shop in Montreal.  They just do 9 kinda bagels, (Sesame, Poppy, Plain, Whole Wheat, Rosemary, Cinnamon Rasin, Multigrain, Flax & All dressed) and boy are they delicious.  Sorry NY friends, But New York doesn't make Bagels as good as St Viateur's. No place to sit here. You buy your bagels, pay (Cash only) & Walk out.  You hardly walk half a block and then you notice "a glitch in the Matrix" Deja Vu............There's another St-Viateur Bagel on the other side of the roadMy point is..... The Bagel's are awesome
4	St Viateur bagels are an iconic Montreal food and there's a good reason for that. These are possibly the World's Best Bagels and most certainly North America's Best Bagels. Enter the bagel shop: stoked up brick oven at the back, with a slew of guys rolling and baking fresh bagels on the spot, just for you. Bagels are slid into the long oven all lined up on a plank, turned once or twice and then pulled out, piping hot. It's an eat-in diner type of spot, with a little side counter if you're just there to grab a bag of fresh bagels and go. I've done both. Nothing says 'weekend' like a hot, fresh, sesame seed encrusted St Viateur bagel with a coffee for breakfast. They've got a fridge full of cream cheeses, smoked salmon and spreads next to the takeout bagel counter, too, in case you wanted to try something new. Pleasant staff, good vibes - definitely one of my regular stops on Mont Royal.
5	Ambrosia.   With the fresh cream cheese they sell in store there are few better food experiences on the planet.  To walk in at any hour and get one of these fresh out of the stone oven is a must have experience. I go here every time I am in Montreal and always bring a dozen back for others.
5	PERFECTION! It almost seems ridiculous to write a review about an institution like St. Viateur but I guess there's still people out there that haven't had a bagel (or 6) from here. If you're not familiar with Montreal bagels or bagel shops you may be a little surprised. St Viateur is a 24hr bagel shop, they sell bagels, cream cheese and little else. There's no ordering your bagel as a sandwich, no selection of cream cheese flavors mounding in the case, no fried eggs on them, I'm not sure they even sell coffee there ... and there's no seating, this isn't a dining destination, you order and then leave, you can stand on the sidewalk or find a bench nearby to eat. It's not unusual to eat outside or walk around the Mile End area window shopping with a bagel in hand.  The selection of bagels always includes sesame and then, seemingly random, there might be an everything, a rosemary or a cinnamon raisin, but sesame is the mainstay. Liberte cream cheese is available in the case and is typically limited to regular and low fat. Bagels are continuously being made here at all hours of the day and night, they're pulled from the oven and piled high, still warm. When you order the bagels will still be warm (they're always warm and should be eaten warm). The technique is to grab a container of cream cheese and your bagels and then "rip and dip" as I like to say. I had a discussion with some coworkers, most of them, like me, rip the bagels up and dip them in the tub of cream cheese like a dip. I've heard of people cutting them up but Montreal bagels aren't really suited for making sandwiches with. There's some debate between St Viateur vs Fairmont bagels, my preference is St Viateur as they're typically less "done" than Fairmont making them a little more chewy and soft. St Viateur always seems to have more sesame which gives them a nice nuttiness.
4	Poppy seed bagel, 0.75 each. Smells so good!!!! Soft and yummy : ) I love this area!!!!!!!
5	Heard rave reviews about this place and had to try it.  We had our 2 year old with us and he got to see how bagels were made.  We ate everything bagels fresh out of the oven with simple cream cheese and it was delicious.  They have your choice of various cream cheeses or hummus to purchase.  Prices were affordable and the bagels lived up to expectations.  Highly recommended, plan on grabbing another dozen before we leave!  Cash only.
5	A lot has been said about NY vs Montreal bagels. I want to say that while there are similarities, these are not the same. Montreal bagels are sweeter and denser. St-Viateur Bagel is a great place. What they do is make and sell bagels. You walk up, pick what you want, and leave. They sell cream cheese and will give you a knife. They also sell salmon. They do not make sandwiches for you - think H&H in NYC and you get the picture.The line moves quickly, and you are treated to watching the people shape the bagels and cook them in the wood-fired oven as you wait. If you are a fan of trying local foods and don't mind a slight detour out of the normal touristed areas, this should be on your schedule of things to do while in Montreal.
5	Best bagels in the world - better than New York better than Toronto - just come get 1 from the wooden stove and ask for cream cheese and plastic knife - so u can open it up and eat just outside the store. Amazing
5	There is a reason Montreal bagels are famous. Make sure to ask for a hot one, ooh my goodness the best bagel I've ever had!
5	Food- This is a must when you visit Montreal- Its a 24hr joint- Bagels are always being made fresh- At night, the selection is limited, but regardless the bagels are amazing- Bet you can't just eat one- Great selection of cream cheese and dips as well- Prices are great tooService- No complaints and for it being late, the staff was pleasant to deal with
4	OH! Such a cute place with delicious bagels! The Montreal bagel is quite different from the New York bagel I've known all my life, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. The bagel sandwich combos are delicious with a very reasonable price point to match. I wouldn't buy the cream cheese or other items in their fridge -- that is rather overpriced. However, when buying just bagels, it is extremely well priced, particularly when considering the taste!Just be sure to bring cash -- they don't take credit.
5	What a great experience! I've been wanting to visit here for years. I wasn't sure what to expect as I'm accustomed to Vermont bagel shops, where most order toasted and with cream cheese. You basically order your bagels to go, 1 to many dozen. You can grab a cream cheese to from the cooler. I asked about coffee and the lady at counter said we can get an awesome latte and eat our bagels down the street at Cafe Olympica. Which is what we did. Our bagels were fresh and warm, right out of the wood fired oven! We pulled them apart and dipped them in the tub of Greek cream cheese I bought. I do you think it was funny that they had to Philly cream cheese as an option considering we were in Montreal and what looked like a Greek/Jewish community. We brought home six with us and two days later they're all gone but one I wish I had more. Next time I will be buying a couple dozen to split and freeze at home. A little out-of-the-way but definitely a classic Montreal must taste!
