3	For all your Whisky needs!!...Cadenhead's is exactly what you would expect from a whisky shop on the Royal Mile. It's aimed at tourists who want to experience Scotland, but I have a family friend who frequents Cadenhead's as their selection is whisky is amongst the best in the city.I'm not a whisky lover (yey - i think it's the sort of thing that comes with age) and so I didn't appreciate it totally, but I do know that Cadenhead's is a brilliant place to stock up. They even offered samples so I could see which one I would have liked. If you're looking for whisky, Cadenhead's is as good as any.
5	This part of The Royal Mile is definitely far less repellent than the area closer to the castle, and it's evident in the manner of which it's tourist shops feel just that little bit less contrived . Cadenhead's has a slightly treasure trove, fascinating feel about it, and can be worth a look just for a gawp at how much gullible tourists will stump up for a 25 year old malt that tastes the exact same as a bottle of Lidl's gutrot.Plus, anywhere that has a bearded nut in full fishing gear (waders and all) manning the counter is deserved of five stars.
4	I agree with the other reviewers, Cadenhead's Whisky Shop is the best there is if you're looking for a wee tipple to put in your hip flask of an afternoon. The shop is very traditional in style, is well stocked and well organised to. As soon as you step in you find yourself surrounded by every whisky under the sun. Heaven for a whisky drinker; a bit overwhelming for a tea drinker like myself.Candenhead's is an excellent choice if you are a whisky fan as the staff are very knowledgeable about all the malts and will be able to help you out. Also excellent for gift ideas for the whisky lovers in your life.
5	I stumbled into Cadenhead's with a friend that was visiting from London... to be honest I'd never noticed the place from my 2 years in Edinburgh!  Being in Canongate, the less frequented end of the Royal Mile, the tiny store is easily missed..My friend knows a thing or two about whiskeys and was well impressed with their selection. They even had a whiskey from our native New Zealand!! (Neither of us even knew NZ produced a whiskey, and we both worked in hospitality for a long time so we're expected to know about these things!!)There is a huge board telling you about all the cask whiskeys they have, ie. stuff which isn't bottled and labelled already, like the stuff you see in all the other stores... this is apparently the "raw" stuff which hasn't been blended and tweaked with, so even if you manage to get two bottles of the same stuff, there's no guarantee it'll taste exactly the same, as one might have sat in the barrel longer etc etc. (I wont pretend to know the intricacies...)I never knew you could buy whiskey in this form!! They are also very well stocked on lots of whisky books and magazines, my friend bought two books which he hadn't been able to find anywhere else...The guy who runs the store, whose name I should really remember, is amazingly knowledgeable about whiskeys and he'll talk your ear off all day if you give him the chance!! He's very approachable, and I didn't feel stupid for asking some (probably rather obvious) questions... He's happy to let you have a few tasters, if you ask him, as well...As someone else mentioned, he also runs whiskey tastings at the toll booth pub across the road once a week.. each time has a different theme.. I should really get along to one!Yes, some of the stuff is a bit pricey but for friendliness, range and knowledge of product, this place can't be beat!
5	If you are visiting Edinburgh, this is the whisky shop to visit. Great service, super patient, incredibly knowledge and cask whisky available to be bottled while you wait. If you are looking for a gift to bring back home or just a for an unusual whisky - they have many whisky's that you will not find anywhere else at any price. I can't say enough good things about the whisky I bought and for the great service I received.
5	Unbeatable knowledge and selection. Our visit was truly an education and I very much appreciate Neal's patience with us. We knew next to nothing about whiskey when we arrived (and most of what we knew was wrong) and we left much wiser.I love that they seek out gems, set them aside for aging and add nothing - absolutely nothing to the whiskey. Few distributers/distilleries can say that. Get yourself some unadultered, additive-free whiskey right away - you can taste the difference. Their handpicked selection they're calling 'Campbeltown' was out of this world. Hurry before it's gone. Our friends raved about it as well.
4	This excellent little shop at the East end of the Royal Mile has a relatively small selection but what it has is very good -- including a number of special releases -- and well priced (within reason, of course).  The staff seemed a bit snobbish, although very knowledgeable, but if you show more than a passing interest in and understanding of whisky then they warm quickly and seem happy to share their knowledge with you.
5	Unrivalled
4	Cadenhead's: Go for the atmosphere. Go for the smell. Go to learn everything there is to know about whiskey from the excellent staff.But don't expect to actually purchase anything unless, unlike me, you find yourself with an abundance of money and no idea what you could possibly do with it. That is to say, you'll be paying for this stuff. It's partly worth it, because it's of course very high quality, but it's also partly because you're on the Mile.Well worth a visit if you hold on to your wallet.
5	Amazing place. Make their own Scotch and give samples from the kegs behind the counter. Unfiltered, not colored. Staff was very knowledgable. Learned a ton about what to look for when buying in states. Bought a couple bottles for home. This scotch is high octane. Add water to your liking! The store is located on the bottom of the Royal Mile on the right hand side walking from the castle.
