2	I didn't think they had a very good selection of yogurt. There are no sample cups to try the yogurt. A few of the flavors came out as pure liquid. The ones I did try were not very good. They do post the nutrition info which is nice.The person working clearly didn't want to be there.
4	Yum! Very clean & refreshing! Needs a fat free and or sugar free choice.
4	Great selection of yogurt flavors and toppings, all reasonably priced (40 cents an ounce) The staff was friendly and offered to help us with samples. The two I sampled, (pecan praline and cake batter) was delicious! There were two sugar free choices, but skipped them this time. I ended up with a small cup with both, plus some peanut butter.  The toppings were all fresh and ranged from granola, to all the typical candy toppings, and fresh fruits.My hon got vanilla, chocolate and peanut butter and a mix of toppings.  He devoured it and said it was great. Total bill was under $8.The place was very clean and bright ... a bit on the plasticky side, but it's a yog shop, not a spa. The staff was sweet, and despite four TVs on the walls, it wasn't a sensory overload with noise.Will definitely go back again.
5	Very friendly staff.  If you are not sure of the flavor they are serving, no problem they will give you a sample.  As any other Frozen Yogurt shops the flavors do change.  It is nice to have something different than ice cream.
1	I cannot believe this place!!!!! Truly the worst experience I've ever had in a frozen yogurt place. They advertise "family friendly" but they are NOT!!! The staff totally ignored me (she was reading a magazine). The yogurt was soupy and had a poor flavor! Worst part that while I was there the staff played a movie on the public television screens. The film said the "f-word" five times (mind you, I didn't stay to watch the entire film)as well as several other profanities. Not to mention violence, sex, and drug references. I looked up the film later and discovered that it was rated R. STAY AWAY!!! Do not bring your children to this place! Go to juju berry or Yogurtology or ANY other place!!!! Three strikes is bad enough to never go back again no matter how much I want froyo!!!!Also, I wrote the company to complain trough email and snail mail and they didn't even have the courtesy to reply. I also left a message with an employee on the phone-- no replyhere is the update since the owner made a reply to my comment:So though I do not appreciate the owner's comment below (it implies I'm a liar) he was courteous enough to reply to the email I sent him (after 10 months of no reply, but I appreciate the effort). Fortunately, I keep a very detailed journal. I was in this shop (wrote down the location as I left) on December 16, 2011 between 7pm and 8pm. He was nice enough to offer me free yogurt and an apology. I won't take the yogurt because that's not what I was after though I do appreciate that he was willing to apologize for the occurrence.Here is my conclusion:I LOVE small businesses and do my best to support them, but NOT when I have to endure profanity in a "kid friendly" environment or eat soupy yogurt!Hopefully, the yogurt isn't as soupy as it was in December-- I am not the only one to complain about this issue in my reviewIf he had answered my complaints in December, he would've been able to investigate the problem immediately.My post will remain because, as I mentioned, it was my worst experience I have ever had with customer service, food, and experience in a restaurant. At least until I visit Phoenix again and perhaps I'll give it another shot (though, there are so many froyo shops I LOVE, why would I waste valuable Phoenix time in a place I don't like? I'll have to be really desperate).
4	I really like the cake batter, and cookies and cream. Staff could have been more friendly though. Not the same as Yogurtology.
3	This place is all right. I guess I'm spoiled by places like Yogurtland. I am just really surprised by places that won't let you take your own samples. This is the second yogurt place in this area I've been to where the attendant doesn't just give you the sample cup to try the flavor - they go out there for you and fill the sample cups for you! Really? How cheap is that?If you have a problem with kids taking too many samples, you give them two sample cups, watch them carefully, and make sure they know you're there. If you really think that these little half-ounce (if that?!) cups are taking away from your profit, maybe you're doing something wrong.If it's some kind of health ordinance, well... my mistake for thinking this is silly.Anyways, there were good flavors available (I liked the strawberry and coconut flavors) and a good variety of toppings. It doesn't seem that they made use of all of the stations, though, and probably could've had a few more flavors available. Some of the yogurt for the tropical flavors was a bit heavy - good, but heavy, even icy, so wasn't sure if it was all at the right temperature... or whatever it takes to make the frozen yogurt the best. The quality just seemed mediocre.All in all, it was all right. I still think I like Yogurtz a bit better.
4	We've been here before with no real issues, and we stop in periodically for yogurt. The price/ounce here seems to be a bit less than at other places near us. The peanut butter yogurt is really good and creamy. Oddly enough, the chocolate yogurt is probably the least tasty- it was very chalky and icy. Toppings are the usual. Fewer sugar free options here than at the place near us, which I consider a good thing since I don't like artificial sweeteners.This time the girls at the counter couldn't figure out what to do when the empty scale was reading .2 ounces. One girl went to get the other girl and they were both confused. Hubby pushed the "zero" button to reset the scale, and we went on with our day. Both of the girls were still puzzled though and I don't think they ever figured it out.
5	Great staff, great owner, family-orientated, delicious yogurt!
2	Not the best frozen yogurt. Limited flavor choices and limited toppings. Frozen yogurt was not cool enough and was very runny. If you are looking to get fruits in your yogurt this is not the place, fruits appeared dry and not fresh. A little to pricey I want to say I paid over 40 cents an ounce.
5	The workers at this yogurt shop is the best, they were perfect with no flaws. Then the yogurt.... The yogurt tastes amazing!! It's the best in the valley. So clean and organized. You will not regret going to this place.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!! people are SOOO SO SO RUDE!! the yogurt is SOOO GROSS!! noone go here !!!! its the worst frozen yogurt place in the valley! needs to be shut down!
4	Just had a great experience here. First time here and I asked to sample some flavors. Girl was very helpful and polite allowing me and my boyfriend to sample everything we wanted. I ended up with vanilla and thin mint. It really tastes like thin mint cookies!! Also has a great selection of toppings.
4	I only get the plain tart because I am a creature of habit but also because this place has the best plain tart ever!!! It's so rich in flavor and I love the consistency of the yogurt. Other places can be a little watery and I'm always disappointed when I have to go somewhere else because I don't live by this location. I also love that they will not let you help yourself to samples and do it for u with gloves. I have seen way too many kids at Yogurtland reuse their sample cups after already slobbering on them and shove them back up into the machines. No thanks, I want to feel good after my yogurt experience not get sick from all the germs lurking all over the machines. The only negative I have to say about this place which is why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because they don't seem to have fresh fruit. It seems like it is frozen and then thawed or from a can. Not my favorite but other than that their yogurt is outstanding. As far as the staff goes I have never had any issues, they are always friendly.
2	Last night my dad had an epiphany...he purchased Groupons for AZ YO CO that are about to expire!! Ahhhhhhhh. So after our family dinner, we hopped in the car and headed to get frozen yogurt.There weren't any other customers in the store when we walked in, but it was pretty late on a Sunday night. First thing I noticed was the lack of frozen yogurt options. They had a lot of machines but not a lot of flavors. So I looked around for the sample cups and to my disappointment I quickly realized this is one of those places that gets your samples for you. I HATE THAT!!! We will drive out of our way to avoid places like this. I don't know why it irritates me sooooo much, maybe it has something to do with the fact I'm a big girl, I can get my own sample of yogurt without making a mess. Careless folks ruin it for everyone I guess. The yogurt wasn't good. It was very soft, borderline runny. The toppings were lacking. If I wanted tons of candy, I would have been all set. But, since I wanted fruit, my options were limited. I could have strawberries, but they weren't fresh strawberries, it was like a chunky syrup. I could have cherries but I'd have to pick off all the stems, I could have pineapple...but I don't want pineapple, that sounds horrible on my half peanut butter, half cake batter yogurt. So despite my dad telling me I needed to get $6 worth, I just couldn't. I'm glad this place isn't by my house since I have no desire to come back. But, it is by my parent's house...guess I should check yelp for better options for them.
4	This is my favorite yogurt place in the valley. The staff is friendly, especially our first visit a few months ago. The prices are fair. The yogurt is tasty and there is a good selections of addons. If you are next door looking for ice cream it may be worth stopping in to at least taste some of the yogurt.
3	AYC is about average, but could make a few changes to be a four or five star. First, they have only one giant cup available. A normal one serving looks really small in it. This is a simple marketing mistake. I understand that they want you to fill it all the way up, because they sell it by the ounce. But if you do, you end up with a $15 snack, a belly ache, and are a disappointed customer.Also, the toppings are limited to mainly candy. For a business that is touting a healthy food, you would think that they would offer more fruit and nut options. If I wanted a really good, artery clogging, belt stretching, fat bomb, I would go next door to Cold Stone Creamery.Last, for yogurt in a paper cup with some candy, the pricing is on the high side. If you are going to charge a premium price, you must offer a premium product.
2	Used to love this place, but I feel like it's slipping slowly into a comfort zone that favors laziness. The last three times we've gone, it's been a disappointment. I'm big on customer service, and it's seriously lacking here.The first time, the two cashiers couldn't be bothered to look up from their cell phones while checking us out. I'm not kidding -- the cashier looked at me to take my card, and that was it. Her coworker sat on the half wall/counter next to her, buried in her phone the whole time.The second time, they closed an hour and a half early on Saturday night for "cleaning". Part of me thinks that's code for "we're bored and want to go home early so we're getting a head start." Had I not had the first experience prior to this, I might think otherwise, but the staff is always so aloof and distracted that I have a hard time buying in to it.Then, last night, I wanted some FroYo, so we headed over to AZ YO CO to see if we could get in before they closed before their posted hours again. We arrived at 8pm to the overwhelming smell of cleaner (bleach and lysol maybe?). All the machines were pulled back, so we had to reach in to the cutouts to dispense the yogurt. It felt like we were inconveniencing the girl that had been cleaning by using the machines. When we got to the counter, several toppings were missing or not refilled. The cashier didn't say much to us again, and we left. In the 2 minute drive home, my FroYo turned to basically soup.To be honest, I've got problems with three things here: the staff is usually unprofessional (through no real fault of their own, I think that's on management to put systems in place and not rely on a 16 year old to run a store autonomously), they have slowly been cutting back on flavors (felt like half the machines were unused last night), and the temperature/consistency of the yogurt is way too runny. I also found their pricing to be really high -- we paid $11 for a couple of half-full cups last night. More than I remember paying in the past...I'll drive the extra couple of miles and go to Yogurtology at 67th and the 101 next time. Bummer, but it seems like ownership just doesn't really care anymore.
2	Giving this place 2 out of 5 stars simply because the yogurt is actually pretty tasty.Unfortunately, the service is absolutely terrible. They hire teenage kids who act like they're at school and that it's a chore to be there. As others have said, the service is severely lacking and I know for me, no matter how good the food may be at a place, terrible service can make it a bad experience and not worth going.  They also have a very small selection, usually only about 5-6 flavors from when I go.I would recommend going to just about any other yogurt shop instead of this one. Yogurtini, Yogurtology, Menchi's, etc. are all much better.
4	This place is now closed! :( very disappointed. There are no signs out front mentioning the closure but a lady that works at a store next to it mentioned it has been closed for a week and she is not sure why it closed.
4	Closed.
