3	Centrally located near restaurants and a grocery store. Right on the flight path of the airport - so be forewarned - flights start up early in the morning! The hotel room was not as clean as I expected, but the owner of the hotel was nice and very accommodating. Our room was nowhere near the office, but we had WiFi access - which was a great surprise! I'm not sure I would stay here again...you definitely get what you pay for.
1	How is this place in business?  This is hands down the worst hotel I have ever stayed.  If you are a fan of no customer service, bed bugs, roaches, non-working appliances, broken furniture, smoke detectors that do not work, mounds of old carpet dumped in the parking spaces outside your room, and filthy rooms (I took pictures of all of this too), this is the PERFECT hotel for you. When we found bugs in our room we asked to be switched to another room and this seemed to really inconvenience the attendant.  We were also told that bugs had not been reported in that room before so we must have been mistaken.  With persistence we were able to move to another room.  Our second room did not have a working air conditioner and the temperature in Charlotte was in the 90s.  When reporting that our air conditioner issue to the front desk, we were once again questioned about the truthfulness of our statement.   Sure enough, after the hotel attendant came to our room, it was confirmed that our air conditioner was not working.   This was after midnight and we had to switch rooms once again.  We went with the attendant to another vacant room.  Sure enough, bugs.  Giant water bugs in the sheets (the attendant saw them too).  We once again went on a trek to find a room suitable for people and two rooms later (far past midnight) we found one.  At that point it did not matter that some of the appliances did not work nor that our table did not have a table top (it was just the base of the table).  We just wanted to sleep without bugs crawling on us.During this process we asked that we get a refund and we would just find another hotel but were informed by the attendant that there were no refunds.  My friend decided that he had enough of this and went across the street and got a hotel room at the bug-free Red Roof Inn.   Long story short, our stay here was HORRIFIC.
2	This is a hotel for a couple night stay not for a long period of time. The bed was hard and the pillows too soft. The front desk clerk in the morning had a major attitude for what who knows. Like I said good for a 1-2 night stay only
1	Horrible...just horrible is what I have to say.Your money is better spent at another hotel/motel in the area like Red Roof. The lighting was very dim and one of the light fixtures on the wall kept flickering when turned on. One of the wall sockets was very loose and needed to be replaced. The tiles in the bathroom were very loose. Every time you took a step you would hear them shift like they were cracking. Plus the tube TV in the room needs to be replaced as well since there was so much static while watching TV.Don't stay here. Once again, you're better off else where.
