4	Today was my second visit to Granny Mac's and it was really good!  We tried several different kinds of doughnuts this time and they were all yummy.  My sister also snagged some Italian bread and croissants this week and praises both highly as well!I will grab a photo or two on my next trip - maybe even tomorrow morning :) to add to this review - but I am SUPER excited about this new business in Harrisburg!  They have many different varieties of doughnuts and I saw croissants and Italian loaves and some super cute cupcakes during todays visit and I can't wait to sample some fresh bagels soon too.  They offer coffee, Coke products and protein shake/smoothie type drinks too - so a little something for everyone!  Go check it out!
5	Ok, I'm a believer...my first couple of trips were good, but this one sold me on our newest Harrisburg company.  I decided to do some samplings of the various pastries and share them with a friend of course!I purchased the cinnamon roll (my favorite this trip by FAR - flaky, heavy on cinnamon and not too heavy on icing - YUMMO) strawberry cupcake (delicious, moist cake and sugary icing) the apple turnover (flaky pastry with a yummy apple filling) the blueberry lemon croissant (my second favorite this trip I think) the cherry cheese pastry (very good) and a creme filled chocolate covered doughnut (okay, but definitely not my favorite).  I also purchase my own loaf of the italian bread and it was by far the best I've had in as long as I can remember.  I used it from breakfast toast, grilled ham and cheese sandwiches and just with peanut butter for a snack - it's been great!If you haven't made it Granny Mac's yet, you oughtta go try it!
4	Just got some doughnuts here this morning.  Now, Charlotte, that's what I'm talkin' about!  They're good basic 95-cent doughnuts, you know, the kind you used to get at that place in town that closed down when all the chains came in, with the Formica-topped tables and the giant pots of cheap coffee.  The baked goods aren't fancy but they taste like they're made with ingredients that are recognizable as food.  Powdered sugar covered thumbs up!
5	The best bread in town- just like we used to have up north!
1	I was craving a donut and wanted to give Mac's a try based on the great reviews. I had a regular glazed and a chocolate icing yeast donut it was a no go. They were tough, dry and very dense. The batter for the donut had no flavor what so ever. The chocolate icing was bitter and someone did mention that in another review. I was hoping for a light fluffy melt in your mouth donut..oh well the search continues.
4	The Mini Canoli was one of the best I've had in a long time (maybe a decade).  The Cupcake was very good too!  The staff was as sweet as the baked goods, three sisters and another lady.  Very friendly, helpful and patient!The place is cheerful with, a lot of natural sunlight!  Comfortable with plenty of room to stay, enjoying baked sweet goods and or Coffee.The big differences I see in the other great area bakeries and this place are in the Ratios:  Canoli Wrapper was sooooo thick and the cake part of the Cup cake was so much more and the icing was so much less (these are factors I think someone wanting to be conscious of their calorie intake while still enjoying the occasional sweet would appreciate and since I could fall into that category (hopefully six days a week) I was very thankful today!  I enjoyed the Mini Canoli and a full sized white Cake, Chocolate Butter Cream Cup Cake!  Of course you can see my photos!
5	Just had my first doughnut from Granny Mac's... Wow! Step aside Krispy Kreme and Dunkin Donuts...
3	I gave Granny Mac's three stars instead of five because of the following.We frequent them on a weekly basis and really love the idea of having a doughnut shop that's so close to home.  The doughnuts are made fresh, and they serve excellent coffee.  But I have to say that the last few times we've been there,  the quality has suffered a bit.  It seems as if they have been trying to get control of food costs, as the size of the doughnuts have gotten smaller and smaller (they were already on the smaller side).  We really love the apple fritters and they used to be the perfect size a fritter should be. Now it's seems as if they they are half the size, if not smaller.  The Bavarian cremes are out of this world!  I have never had a Bavarian creme that was this good.  I think that more attention could be payed to the front of the house.  The coffee station was depleted and dirty.  We mentioned this to the counter girl, and she acknowledged it,  but remained at the counter staring off into space, ( trying to wake up I imagine).  This is a really great local bakery that we'd really like to see succeed.  But these "little" things will really hurt them. .
4	We are in the area for the NASCAR races and stopped by for Ice cream shake which was excellent.  The apple turnover was really good as well. Definitely recommend.
4	What can I say I love donuts !  Loved the old fashion donuts.  forget about DK.They also sell breads.  I m glad that I do not live near  this place.   Heard they might be building a Krispy Kreme in Huntersville.  Oh boy !
4	This place is pretty good. I'm a big fan of cake and these people do it right. I never understood why people wanted mountains of sugary icing on a tiny little cupcake, but Granny Mac's has a great ratio of really flavorful, moist cake to yummy, sweet icing.The muffins could use a little help, but all in all, everything has always been very good and the service is always nice.
5	The staff here are amazingly friendly, and the food is great.I stopped here on my way to Asheboro from Charlotte with my girlfriend for some quick breakfast snacks on an early Sunday morning. I got a raspberry scone, one of my favorite baked goods, and it was among the best I've ever had. My girlfriend asked if they had fruit-flavored cream cheese for her bagel, and they didn't, but offered to mix some jelly with the cream cheese on the spot. The overall friendliness and quality of the food really brightened our day and our trip.
4	As has already been mentioned, the staff at Granny Mac is excellent. They definitely make the trip worthwhile. What makes the place a challenge, especially on a busy morning, is the parking lot. It is on the small side, and finding a spot can be tough. That is of course a good sign, but it makes things difficult, since unless you happen to live nearby, there is no way you're going to walk in to pick up your sweets (and let's face it - Charlotte is not a very walkable place).Once inside, there also is not much room to sit an enjoy your sweets - so prepare to take them with you. That's not altogether bad - just that it would be so much better to see somewhere like this in a location like Mike's Pastry in Boston, where you could walk in, and perhaps enjoy the sweets on premises. Of course, at Mike's you would probably be stampeded, but that's another issue entirely.The treats themselves are overwhelmingly worthwhile. Definitely stop in and try something if you're in the area - but you'll want to get there early, as like many bakeries, they tend to run out of some of the favorites early in the day!
5	Great locally owned bakery!  Fresh donuts, bagels, pastries, and cupcakes. Consistent quality and selection. They'll even custom fill and frost/coat your donut!
5	I live near by, and only recently tried Granny Mac's...what a mistake! They are awesome! They have the BEST PIZZA in the Charlotte area, and I have lived here 18 years!! I love to support locally owned businesses, and will be supporting them for years to come.
4	Now serving lunch! We stopped in to try out a slice of pizza. It was really good. Expect a thin, crispy crust with a good amount of sauce and cheese. I also ordered a greek salad, which was huge. I like that they added banana peppers to it. My hubby ordered the daily special, which was a cheese steak wrap. It was pretty good.
5	Went there for first time today.  Delicious, fresh & flavorful doughnuts.  Friendly staff. I highly recommend this excellent local bakery.
5	Wow, this is a great local bakery. It smelled like a NJ bakery I grew up with when you walked in. The doughnuts are fresh and delicious. I had the apple turnover and it was crusty and the icing and filling perfectly sweet. The cinnamon roll was soft and buttery throughout. They do a great job packing individual cupcakes to go. We tried the salted caramel and the vanilla vanilla.  They also have pizza. Which looked really good but didn't try it since it was breakfast. Wish I lived closer.
2	I really want to like this place. The staff here is super nice and friendly but I bought 4 cupcakes tonight and they were disgusting. I had to throw most of the first one out and I ate part of the second. No thank you... By the way, I am not one to turn down desserts. Red Velvet: regular, vanilla buttercream frosting and NOT cream cheese frosting as advertised. Isn't that why everyone loves red velvet? For the cream cheese frosting? The icing was so dry I lifted it off in one piece and replaced it with canned Target cream cheese icing. However, the cake was flavorless and dry. So it wound up in the trash and not in my stomach. German Chocolate: again you could tell the cupcake was way too many days old. The frosting was dry, and so was the cake... Also flavorless. Please make a comeback, Granny Mac.Sorry, I can't speak to the other menu items.
5	We loved everything we have tried so far from Granny Mac's. Just recently stopped by before Snowmagedon 2014. You know the 6 inches of snow that brought Concord/Harrisburg/Charlotte to a screeching stand still???Anyway we decided to hit Granny Mac's to check them out and pick up some treats. We were surprised at how big their cupcakes are. These are not standard sized cupcakes. They really load them up with delicious homemade icing. I went with their German Chocolate and it was simply spectacular. My fiance went with a lemon cupcake  and loved it.They also have homemade doughnuts, turnovers and other bakery goodiesWe will be frequent visitors to Granny Mac's. The staff was super friendly and seemed to enjoy talking to people about their bakery and the bake goods they have for sale.UPDATE:Big fan of their Salted Caramel cupcake, lemon-filled doughnut. Everything we have tried has been spectacular. Huge Fan!!!!
5	Five stars because this shop is a lovely family owned business that provides quality goods and a friendly atmosphere. The owner's son was at the register last I was there and he was charming and polite. I stopped by for cupcakes twice while I visited from out of town. The staff was welcoming and attentive both times. If I was a local I would be back again. The cupcakes  were tasty (caramel better than double chocolate). They also cater. Sounds like the new owner is going to make some nice changes to the decor and add an ice cream parlor. I would encourage the addition of booths and/or comfy couches and chairs. It is a quiet friendly place to grab pizza, sandwiches or dessert and bread. I encourage you to check it out.
5	Everything about this place is top-notch. Great doughnuts, cupcakes and pastries along with really good pizza and ice cream. What's not to love? A great place to make a quick stop in for a box of doughnuts or cupcakes to take to work or to give to friends. The staff is the real star though. Great people who do their best to get you in and out in a hurry with your tasty treats!
3	I've been eager to try this place, but I don't know if it's worth the rave reviews. The doughnuts I tried were good, but I can't say they were any better than Harris Teeter's.   The glazed twist is exactly what it should be: yeasty, soft, doughy with a sweet sugary glaze. However, I was very disappointed with the maple bar. There was no maple flavor at all. Maybe I was given a plain glazed bar by accident? This place is good enough if you're in the area, but I wouldn't drive way out of my way again.
3	I really wanted to like this place especially after reading all of the rave reviews. Unfortunately I was extremely disappointed. The donuts are just not that good... They have a bland taste and aren't nearly as sweet as I would like. The icing is just blah. They don't put enough filling in the donuts either. The bagels are pretty good and I did like them. I would go back for the bagels but would have to pass on the donuts. 3 stars because this is a bakery so the homemade baked goods are the determining factor
3	Inconsistent hours and basic pastries. Nothing to really wow you here. I can never figure out their hours.
5	Recently moved to the neighborhood and this place is a Gem! We plan to start ordering bread from them every week! Have already tried the rye bread and sourdough both fantastic! Ordered baguettes this week to make baguette pizza at home and they look beautiful! Donuts and pastries are delicious too! We love this place!
2	I have been interested in visiting this shop ever since I moved into Harrisburg.  I had heard nothing but good things about it, and it seemed to be in a good location, so I stopped in this evening.  I got some doughnuts and a cupcake.  I was surprised at the service, the first three items I requested had run out... and when I asked for a paper menu to take home, I was told that it could be found online (however, it cannot, the website doesn't work.)  Didn't seem like the associate was interested in helping me, but moreover getting me out the door. The doughnut was nothing special, could have found a better and cheaper alternative at the supermarket.  The cupcake was dry, the frosting was hard and had a strange taste to it.  Not impressed overall, I wish this would have been a better experience, it would be great to have a nice bakery in town.
4	Another gem of a place I found thanks to searching around on Yelp! I was in the mood for quality donuts (there's only so much krispy kreme a girl can take) so I decided to stop in thanks to yelp's suggestion and I'm so glad that I did!It's very reminiscent of a little bakery I used to frequent during my years living in Jersey. I only popped for their breakfast offerings and was very pleased to see the array of freshly-baked donuts (they even have red velvet donuts!), pastries, and bagels. I went home with a glazed twist and pumpkin donut. The glazed twist was delicious! Light, airy, and the glazed topping wasn't overkill. I had it a week ago and I'm still thinking about it! The flavored donuts are of a cake consistency and the pumpkin was good. The pumpkin was a little more on the spice-y end of the flavor spectrum but still had good texture and taste.There are more flavors to try so I'm looking forward to my next visit!
2	Is this place under new ownership?  We've always liked it here: a charming little hometown place, but the last time we were there, a guy was occupying a table in the front, on his cell phone conducting business while a younger man with long hair was running his fingers through his hair at the same table while putting together donut boxes.  I didn't recognize either one of them.  Very unprofessional and not what we're used to at our favorite donut shop.  Just learned today that Granny Mac's is closing.  Sad news for a local place that was such a treasured and rare establishment in the 'Burg.
