3	No wonder this hotel was featured in the movie "Vegas Vacation". Between the jungle feel of the casino, the mini-volcano out front and Siegfried and Roy (RIP), this hotel - the first of the Strip mega-resorts - has enough hokey Strip personality (now almost a cliche), to fill ten thousand coin buckets.  The last time I stayed here was five years ago, and I understand from others who've stayed more recently that it has deteriorated but the parent company, MGM Mirage, is planning major renovations.
3	Nice hotel and beautiful pool area.  The rooms are pretty decent.  We hit up the Cravings buffet for breakfast/lunch and service was fantastic and the food was decent.  The breakfast food was fantastic; lunch was decent.  The sushi was very bland and full of rice.  The dessert was alright - the oreo cake was just hard and the gelato was mouth-watering.
5	I am down to my last 40 dollars. I am sitting at the bar with my brother and a friend when I look down at the end of the bar at an absolutely gorgeous woman in a black dress.She sees me looking and waves. I stupidly look behind me to see who she is waving to. I play another 20  dollars. I am now down to my last 20. I look down at the end of the bar and this beautiful woman waves at me again. This cannot be happening. I stupidly look behind me to see who she is waving at. I still could not figure it out until I saw several people approach her. Holy shit she is a lady of the night. Damn she is hot ! I go for a walk just me and my 20 dollars and after looking around for awhile I see this lady escorting a man up to the elevators. I go back and sit down and play 2 hands of video poker and win a progressive for 4800 dollars. Holy crap I won 4800 dollars. The reason for the 5 stars is 1 -I won 4800 dollars, and 2 - I won this after this Hot,Hot,hot, looking escort left so I kept my money to myself. Not that I am weak willed and an easy target for sinful distractions. Did I mention she was Hot?
5	this is by far the best hotel i have been to in this nation.  it is more amazing than any film could attempt to display it as.
4	The older MGM brother, there is a little touch of a more mature Vegas here and a bit of refined flavor.  The lush interior was refreshing and the huge aquarium behind the front desk was very cool.  When Jet tried to charge us the full $30 at 2:30 in the morning, we searched for another alternative.  The other lounge we found was playing some head-aching hip hop and the restaurants were closed so we relaxed in the sports bar.  It was a very stately room with high & ornate ceilings, where we sipped decent dirties and planned out our next move.  The Cal King back at our hotel sounded perfect but I'm glad we experienced the resort that kicked off the growth spurt of the Strip we see today.
5	Don't doubt, just do!  Go ahead, book a room here, and I'll tell you why...Well situated on the Strip, fabulous tropical atrium, insane buffet, friendly service, spacious rooms, and a fantastic pool area.  Okay, about the pool....The Mirage has a beautfiul, large, refreshing pool with plenty of waterfalls.  Behind that large pool is "Bare."  It's an adult-only pool area that was incredibly fun for two gals looking for some Vegas indulgence (that would be myself and a friend).  You don't need to be bare to enjoy it, but you can go topless if you'd like. Bare charges a $10 admission fee, but we got free passes after making purchases at the Mirage swim shop.  They have super comfy lounge chairs and beds with thick, thick mattresses.  They have yummy cocktails, play great music, and change your towels whenever you get up to take a dip.  Now, the Bare pool is NOT refreshing.  It's totally warm (too warm) because it's tiny.  They also have a glass-enclosed jacuzzi area.  The bathroom is fantastic....it's clean, sleek, and offers all sorts of goodies like mouthwash, lotions, etc.  We had a great day sunning ourselves here!To wrap up, let me just say I really loved almost everything about The Mirage.  The service was really friendly and we loved eating and drinking at their newest restaurant and lounge, Japonais.  My only complaint is that the rooms are not sound-proofed at all.  Mornings were a little rough with neighbors taking showers, making calls, etc.
4	I wish the good ole days of Steve Wynn and the Mirage Reorts were still around.  The Mirage was the most sought after property right after Caesars.  The shows are cool, the landscaping is beautiful and the rooms are very nice.  The downside is that MGM owns them now....
5	I didn't stay in this hotel but I did a lot of gambling here for my 21st birthday. I spent more time playing roulette than not. The decor and staff are FANTASTIC. The tram that goes back and forth to Treasure Island helped a lot...when drunk and trying to get back to go to bed. The Jim Beam is great!
5	Mirage is one of the first hotels on the Strip. At first I thought it would be some 3 stars hotel. But hey I was wrong.The pool is so huge with nice design, I loved it when I was floating around. Also many good restaurants are located here. On top of that, my room got upgraded and we got a very nicccccceee room. Yippee Did I mention the pool??
5	You're soooo money! ;) Ahhhh, the Mirage, my favorite of all the Vegas hotels to stay at! Great food, great people, central strip, reasonably priced tables and enough cocktail waitress' going around to keep your buzz going! Who says you have to stay at the Bellagio or the Palms to have a kick ass time in your hotel? ***Word from the wise though, if you're a guy and you're using a girl to roll your dice for "luck" at a craps table... you better give her some money to play with otherwise we'll crap you out on purpose. Just think about that next time ;)
3	I was really excited to stay at Mirage but it was one disappointment after another.  While the Casino is nice and relaxing the rooms were pretty shitty for price.  Our toilet didn't work properly, the decor was out of date, and the furniture was beat up.  In the evening we tried Revolution Lounge, the waitress was friendly, but unattentive, they were not busy at all, so the fact that we were only served one drink an hour was ridiculous.   The interactive tables were fun for about a 30 seconds.  The next night we decided to hang out at Japonais Lounge, the staff was rude, made our drinks wrong, and when I asked for them to correct it, they got attitude, we skipped out on the bill.  Screw them.  What is good about the Mirage?  The Spa has a nice layout, yummy juice drinks, a great steam room and whirlpool, and the staff is attentive.  The Cravings Buffet was delicious, the staff met our every need, and the champagne poured until we couldn't pronounce champagne.  Word to the wise, stay somewhere else but if you're looking for a good brunch or relaxing in a steam room venture over.
4	Took hubby here for his birthday in Jan 05'.  Nice rooms, clean marble bathrooms.  The best thing we loved about it was the jungle forest in the casino and the guy feeding the fish in the HUGE fish tank behind the reception desk.  That was fun to see.  The buffet Cravings was wonderful.  Great food. Got so full we sat there for an extra hour.
5	This is one my all time fav hotels, love the lighting, the vibe, the plants, everything... I have stayed in there Hospitality Suite (for my wedding), and let me tell you it was great, we had like 15 people there for the cake + toast, really beautiful... the bathroom A+ w/ jakuzzi... nice.
4	I stayed here for my first trip to vegas. LOVED that the tigers and dolphins were here. Nightclub was good. The rooms were ok. My shower was a little dirty. i wasn't in the room much anyhow. The casino was great, busy but not ridiclous. I got a manicure and a pedicure, and it was honestly the best pedi I have ever received. I paid about $70 for it. the restaurants, casinos, bars, shopping, spa.. all that stuff was very clean and very nice. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.
3	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.The Mirage in my books is about as standard as you get for a hotel on the strip.  The hotel draws a variety of different people of all ages.  The hotel has undergone many renovations, so you shouldn't experience the transitional phase.The rooms have a bit of a cabana feel, so it really has that tropical feel.The pool at the hotel is pretty nice and has a tropical feel to it.  However, there are now some better pools on the strip.TIP: I think that the hotel front desks bluff by telling you that they have upgraded you to a superior room.  I think that the standard rooms are called superior rooms, so don't be fooled!
5	Favorite casino/hotel on the strip, I love the smell & zen like qualities at this place.  It also has cool lounges & clubs.  When I return to Vegas I will definitely stay here!
5	OMG My favorite place to stay in Vegas! The rooms are beautiful, the buffet is huge, the pool area soo pretty, and the decor is rockin!! The spa is also wonderful...the best facial I have ever received!
4	I have stayed at the Mirage many times and have been very satisfied every time.  The best part of the Mirage is location on the strip.  It's right next too the Caesar Forum Shops and just across the street from the Venetian.   Though it doesn't feel the same since Sigfried and Roy ended their shows, it's still nice being able to see the white tigers on display.  I've had good experience gambling here.  I'm a craps player and the dealers have always been very friendly which helps keep the game interesting.
3	The Mirage is definitely one of the "older" places to stay on the Strip, but I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel and its prices.  The hotel is a huge labyrinth (as to be expected), but it has all of the necessities - a decent pool (and, of course, a topless pool too), a CPK, a deli, a few clubs, etc.  The rooms were pretty decent - relatively spacious though the bathrooms are a little old.  My friends stayed in the suites which were huge with tons of space - highly recommended for bachelorette parties!
4	I stay at Mirage once or twice a year.  I come here for the strip location, spa, gym, and restaurants.  There's also the semi-new Jet nightclub downstairs and a sportsbar to check in on your favorite sports.  Check-in is pretty easy and they also have a vip check-in with a stocked/hosted bar if you roll like that.  A better bang for the buck in my opinion and the rooms are clean and big enough.
5	Just went to Vegas and LOVED this casino.  The dealers were friendly and funny and the place is beautiful.  We didn't stay there, but I would  like to try it next time.
5	$100 on black.  Damn.  The rush was worth every penny.
4	Vaaaallllllcaaaaaannnooooo!!!!!Check out that fish tank!!  DAMN!!What the heck?  No Siegfried & Roy??!!White tigers?  How much bleach do they use to keep them so white???Da rrrooommmss....ahhhhh.....pleasant, comfort, quiet......nice....Nice package really, of course the last time I stayed here Siegfried and Roy were still work'n.  The NY NY hotel was still being finished and the Desert Inn was still standing.
4	When it opened in 1989, The Mirage was revolutionary. It defined the tone for Las Vegas for the next 15 years. Now, it's beginning to show its age. It still wants to be a top tier property, but can't match the luxury of newer hotels.The Mirage succeeds in many ways. I've always found service to be a strong point. Registration has been friendly, organized and, dare I say it, serene. In general, I've found employees to be pleasant and efficient.The pool is another plus. If I were to compare it to any pool, it would the one at The Flamingo. The Mirage pool has much nicer greenery, and less of a crowded feel (although it can still be quite a zoo at times). A new European style pool - Bare - has opened recently.The remaining facilities of the hotel struggle - unsuccessfully - to keep up with the luxury Joneses.I've stayed at The Mirage twice: once in a standard room, and once in a Tower room. The standard room is small by today's standards, but comfortable enough. Its biggest liability is a bathroom that is very small for a luxury hotel. I thought it was fine, but two bathroom-intensive folks would get on each others nerves. The Tower room is the same size as a standard room, but part of the foyer is sacrificed in order to create a larger bathroom.Restaurants are another weakness. The term that comes to mind is "good enough" - not a happy description for a top property. In the last couple of years, the hotel has tried to upgrade its restaurants, with the introduction of Stack, Fin, Japonais and Carnegie Deli, as well as a revamped buffet. However, of the restaurants I've been to, none wowed me - and the remainder don't get me excited enough to try even once.Lastly, the casino. I don't have anything especially negative to say, but I don't have anything especially positive to say either. It's "good enough."The Mirage is a solid step above such properties as The Flamingo, and a solid step below places like Wynn. As long as you're not paying luxury prices, it's worth considering.
4	My fiancee and I stayed here because of the discounted rate I received for being a Players Club member.  I have been to Vegas regularly but haven't stayed at Mirage before.  Anyway, the check in process was smooth but expect to see fellow tourists cut in front of you.  I wished there were stanchions to control the crowded lines.  I booked a deluxe tower room and it was above average.  There's really nothing exciting in this room besides the tropical color scheme and partial view of the Strip.  But for the price I paid, I can't really complain.  The casino was easy to navigate around, and it offered a variety of slots and table games at different denominations.  I was quite disappointed with the dining options at this hotel.  I wished there was a food court that offered cheap eats when fine or casual dining wasn't preferred.   There's really nothing to choose from, especially if you are on a tight budget.  The only place I tried there was Cafe Caribe, but it was still on the pricey side.  My fiancee and I mostly ate the Venetian food court.  In terms of attractions, there were many to choose from.  For free, you can watch the erupting volcano or view white tigers at the Tiger Exhibit.  For a nominal fee, you can visit the Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat.  Overall, the Mirage was better than I expected.  As the first mega resort on the Strip, the Mirage is due for a makeover.  The rooms are dated and they need to add more restaurants.  We'll see what Steve Wynn has in store for the Mirage.  I do recommend staying here.  The room rates are cheap, and even if you are not a Player's Club member.  I have seen rates as low as $89 for a weekday rate.  Not bad for a hotel that's in a great location and easily accessible to the Las Vegas Monorail.
4	I will always have a soft spot in my heart for the Mirage. My parents have been staying here for eons so the smell of the place reminds me of days gone by. That being said, they really have changed a lot of the venues inside the hotel and the remodeling suits them. Not only have there been additions of new restaurants like stack and japonoise, but they have also revamped the lounges and overall look of the casino. (it was looking a bit dated and still is by the snack bar area....) Now they have added things they really needed like an extra coffee bar, the first one by the pool always had a big line. It is much more pleasurable to come here now that they have made it more hip and up to date.
5	On our first trip to Vegas, we stayed at the Golden Nugget.  Very nice, but VERY far away from everything.  As we explored Vegas we came upon the Mirage and decided when we returned that we would definitely stay there.  We stayed in the "gold" elevator section.  Absolutely worth the few extra bucks.  The pool is incredible.  Buffet was "good".  It's central location on the strip is hard to surpass.   I prefer the Paris buffet, but if you don't feel like trekking, the Mirage one is not bad.   No matter how many big, knock your socks off casinos they add, the Mirage will always have a special place in my heart.
5	I stayed at The Mirage back in May for my first ever visit to Vegas!  I cannot describe the amount of fun that I had while I was there!  First of all I went with 20 or so people... Frequent stops to the bar by the pool were necessary to regroup!  Went to Beatles Revolution/Love show.... AMAZING!!!  Nobody can stop talking about it even 2 months after the fact!The Revolution Lounge was also a frequent meet-up location. The Spa was great, too... trust me you need a daily spa treatment when you're on Vegas time!  Gym/Sauna/Spa.... are a must to keep up with the pace.The hotel itself was gorgeous and the room was great!  I suggest the Mirage if you plan on hitting the pool... one of the best that I saw while I was there (didn't see Mandalay Bay, though... and I heard that was good).
5	Loved it.  The staff is super helpful and the customer service is fantastic.  Had a lovely view of the strip, room service was fast, the pool was gorgeous.  The craps tables were hot.  Came in on Friday and stayed an extra day just couldn't bring myself to leave.The pool area is awesome, rented a cabana for a half-day and hosted some friends that we officially love to travel with.  The service was spectacular, they prepared for us a couple of cold dishes and they had ice and soft drinks prepared.  We spent a wonderful afternoon there.If you love to play, this is your place.  Olga the pit boss is fabulous, the crew at the craps tables were awesome, Ron the pit boss was great.  The team there appreciates your play.I cannot wait to go back.
5	There is only one way to stay in Las Vegas and that is in a penthouse tower suite in several high-end Nevada hotels. The Mirage is definitely one of them. If you're lucky, you can get a 1,600 sq feet two-bedroom tower suite to enjoy sweeping views from floor to ceiling windows overlooking the strip and pool areas at $300/night.The master bedroom features a king size bed and an upgraded bathroom containing a double sink vanity, whirlpool jet bathtub, separate glass enclosed shower, and illuminated walk-in closet with safe. Double doors separate the large living and dining area from the bedroom. The living area is equipped with a wet bar, dining table for four, and a state of the art stereo with a 5-disc CD changer.
3	I didn't stay here, but I did check out the White Tiger Exhibit and the Volcano.  I was a tad disappointed that there was only one white tiger in a tiny exhibit area....but at least the Volcano was badass!  It erupts for quite a long time, and it's a must-see for tourists.
5	Okay, so my review is tainted by the fact that my buddy got us an awesome, huge suite.  While probably not all that wonderous by the standards of the whales, but for a middle-class guy like me this was huge!  I had a separate, connected room that by itself would have been great.  The staff was great, the hotel upscale and the casino excellent.  And the Mirage is constantly updating itself.  This is a definite must stay.
4	We've just come back from here. The weird thing about Las Vegas is I never really feel "rested" when I get home. Its usually like, OMG....how many times did I hit that ATM? We spent a couple great days at their pool. The strawberry daiquiris served poolside are highly recommended! Over all is a nice place. The flowers are beautiful, hundreds of orchids. In fact, I was wondering how they kept them looking so fresh! Well, we saw them switching them out on the morning we left! Good trick. The restaurants were all good, although we drank more that actually consumed during this trip. Stack was a great place for ap's, and of course Carriage Deli (the real one in NY is better, duh). The one down side of the rooms is the doors. They are really heavy and tend to SLAM shut all hours of the night.
5	I've never actually stayed in the hotel (though I'm planning on it on my next trip).  I've only gambled here, and I love it.  Right down to the smell of the casino (yes, the smell).  And I always win money here.The dealers are all very friendly and so too are the other gamblers.  I have run into many a sour dealer/gambler in other casinos.  Never once here.And this is the nicest casino I've found that ALWAYS has $10 blackjack tables (even during extremely busy holiday weekends).  Especially considering its location near Caesars, Venetian, Wynn, etc.  And I'm not talking continuous shuffle or single deck like you find at the other classy places around here for $10 min - this is real, 6 deck blackjack, dealt from the shoe.  They do use an auto-shuffler in between shoes, which doesn't really give you that break in play to go to the bathroom or buy some smokes.  But other than that minor gripe, this place has never done me wrong.
5	I have to say the Mirage is my friend when it comes to playing the slot machines. I mean I didn't hit a huge jackpot or anything, but I'd at least walk away with enough for a nice dinner for two or a spa treatment.  Anyway, the last time I was here was two years ago, and with the addition of the beatles show, boy it's gone through alot of changes. It doesn't feel outdated anymore with all the new restaurants, bars, shops. And from what I saw they renovated their spa! Me thinks the next time I come here, I'm going to have to check out the spa since it's right across the street from the venetian and their spa blows (i've made the choice to always stay at the venetian now when i'm in town)Oh, during the day, you have to check out the secret garden and the dolphin habitat. very nice change of pace from the craziness of the casino!
4	I had mixed feelings about the Mirage.  First off, the tiger on display made me sad.  He was panting, walking around trying to find shade, and it was before noon, so he had hours to go of being out there.  Secondly, we had to wait an absurdly long time at Carnegie Deli for there to be so many empty tables and so many staff working.  That said, the fact that the Mirage has the Cirque Love show bumps them back up to 4 stars.  Best show I've ever seen, hands down.  They did an amazing job on the theater: even the costumes of the ticket-takers, program-sellers and ushers were utterly fabulous.
3	Ah Mirage..time to update the rooms!   We on floor B which is one of the very top floors of the hotel, so perhaps other floors are better/updated (although it is nice to have keyed entry into the elevators).  The annoying thing is that if you are on floors A-E, you can't get a nonsmoking room (I would have rather checked in without VIP status and received a non-smoking room than get one of these!) However, if you want to rock the early 90s, the decor might be up your alley.  I should also note that they have very nice shampoo/lotion etc (Gilchrist and Soames).Apart from the rooms, this is a great property.  I always have loved their casino, they have a great selection of restaurants, great location on the strip, and the pool area is beautiful: tropical lush paradise!  If not for the rooms, I would be back.  If you are going to stay at a MGM property, stay at Mandalay Bay.PS- go see LOVE, it is amazing (and this is coming from someone who is not even a Beatles fan)
5	If I could compare the Mirage to car, it would be the BMW 3 Series. The Mirage is low end luxury. Its not the Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian, or any of the those "baller" hotels, but the Mirage can definitely hold its own when compared to those hotels as well. Not taking anything away from it, because its pretty swanky itself.I just got back from a 3 night stay at the Mirage and would definitely come back and stay here again. The rooms were large, and very clean. The price I got was decent too, $420 for 3 nights (December 26th - December 29th), we requested a view of the Strip, and they gave it to us as well, so that was pretty nice.As far as gaming goes, if you come down in the early morning (4am - 9am) you will find $5 black jack at multiple tables. On high volume nights, the lowest will be $10 or $15. They're really generous w\ their drinks, and they will comp you fairly often if you're playing the table games.Went to Jet and Revolution as well, and I have nothing to complain about. Good crowds, just kind of pricey.  I consider $20 for cover a lot tho, just because I tend to bar/club hop.I love how the clubs and lounges are basically right downstairs from the hotel rooms. Theres just a really good feeling about getting piss drunk then only having to take a couple steps to be heading up the elevator towards your room.The only bad thing about this place is its overpriced piece of shit buffet. Check out my review on that for more specific details. But overall, I was very satisfied w\ my stay at the mirage and would definitley come back here. Good place to stay and gamble at.
2	Overall it was a fairly pleasant experience. Check in people was super nice, and we got a nice room with a kick ass strip view. Unfortunately we found a suspicious large brownish stain on the bedspread and when I squirted my contact solution (with a hydrogen peroxide base) on it, it bubbled up. EWWWWWWWWWWWWW... You don't need CSI to tell you that hydrogen peroxide reacts with blood! Called housekeeping and management and they remedied it with giving us new linens. What I don't understand is how they're still using bedspreads in this day and age! This was the first hotel I stayed in, in a long time that still uses these outdated festering pools of bacteria!Two stars... one for the nice service and the fact that they had that nifty REVOLUTION lounge bar area where I could take pictures with the letter "V"
2	I do not like being forced to go through a stinky casino to get from the reception area of a hotel to my room.  The rooms were also bland - and unspectacular, even a little shabby.  I would never stay there again.
4	The casino that set the Wynn template.  While more dated than successors Bellagio and Wynn, it also comes w/o some of the pomp.I come here for the poker room which has decent cash games and ongoing $70, $115, and $175 sit-and-go tables (sit-and-go means 10 people at a table, everyone starts w/ same # of chips, in this one, first gets 70%, second 30% of the total pot).  These tables are a boon to anyone who plays a lot of Internet poker tourneys.  The downside is the chip allotment & blind structure all but guarantees the first 10 hands end up with several all-in confrontations.  This adds more luck to the equation which is good or bad depending on your skill level.The sports book & bar area is solid.  Not a first choice casino for food, bar, and club but better than many.While Siegfried & Roy are gone, the Mirage luckily lives on.
5	The suites here are amazing! Big rooms, big bathtub, big entertaining area. Room service was timely and tasty- plus we had cake and coffee service to the room after our wedding ceremony. Everything was top notch.
4	This is the hotel that started it all for me and my love of Las Vegas.  My parents brought me here for my 21st birthday.  The rooms have long since been renovated (I've heard) but back then, the style was very tropical, complete with paintings of parrots on the walls.  I totally got lost in the casino - which I didn't like.  The indoor rain forest is amazing.  As a huge lover of animals, a tradition I've made for myself is to visit the white tigers display EVERY Vegas visit - regardless of where we stay.  The Secret Garden is worth a visit if you love animals.  Dolphins, white tigers, white lions, a beautiful black panther... they're all there for you to enjoy and see close-up.  The Siegfried and Roy show was fun, but unfortunately, as you know, it is no longer there since Roy's accident a few years ago.The volcano out front is still amazing, even though it's more lights than fire nowadays.  It's definitely toned down.  You used to feel the rumble of the blast of the volcano.  Not so much anymore.
4	Did not stay here, but spent a lot of time here because we were at T.I. which is next door and they connect via tram.  Hung out at the Beatles' Revolution Lounge, saw LOVE, lost 50 bucks here and ate at Cravings.  Seems like a cool hotel and I'd like to check in and actually stay here once, my parents seem to like it a lot there.  The pool though, amazing.  Huge area, waterfalls, all the goodies you could want let's say.  In a good spot on the strip so that if you want to shop you can walk, or hop on the Monorail from Harrah's right across the street to get to the other end of the strip by New York, New York and MGM.
3	Just got back from the Mirage.  The entire hotel is undergoing changes to get it updated.  The volcanoes were getting revamped and the casino area looked like it had been given a makeover with cute lounges and a nice inside garden.  Unfortunately, our rooms were still old and outdated.  (The Mirage is getting new rooms and are supposedly showing their remodeled rooms this Spring.)  The bathroom is small with the dumbest, tiniest sink I have ever seen...or maybe the faucet was just too big for the sink because it made it hard for me to wash my ace without almost hitting my head against the faucet when I bent over the sink.  The fan in the bathroom was loud and the toilet is situated right in front of the bathroom door so you feel really crowded.  The bedding was really old and the bed uncomortable.  The towels were old and worn and the ironing board had stains on them.  The rooms had paper thin walls so that you heard everything and everyone walking down the hallway.Service-wise, this place really is not up to par like some of the hotels on the strip.  Check-in was kinda weird with no organization.  People kinda just hung around the front desk...no line...so you were not sure who was next.  Front desk was not as friendly; not mean or rude, but not great  either.   We had reserved a room with a king sized bed, but all they had were doubles.  They did offer a room change for the next day which we accepted,  but you really have to pursue this and call the front desk to remind them.  Then after our room change, my husband realized he left his shirts hanging in the old room.  We called the front desk who said they would look into it.  An hour later, we did not hear anything and called the front desk again who told my husbad they did not find anything.  He asked if anyone had been checked into that room yet and was told no so he has asked them to check again, but whoever he spoke to told him no shirts were found.  He called back, frustrated and not understanding how his shirts could have disappeared so fast, and spoke to someone else. A few moments later he had his shirts. The maid service was not great either...our room was barely cleaned yet we were woken at 8am by a maid trying to come in our room.  We did forget to put the privacy sign....but jeez 8am?BTW, everything in this hotel seemed to be extremely expensive.  A small 12 oz latte is $4.50 + tax.  Starbucks across the street was tastier and cost $3.50 for a grande.  Ice cream on a cone was $6.00 + tax.  The spa had one of the most expensive prices I have ever seen.  A 50 min. massage was listed for $160.  Yikes!  That is almost $200 after tip! (In all fairness I passed on the spa b/c of the prices so I cannot say it would have been worth the premium charge.)  A bottle of 12 oz Dasani water is $3.00+tax.  (We ended up buying some extra bottles of water from the ABC store in the Fashion Mall, where large bottles of Fiji water were $2.49.)  Internet also costs an additional $12.99 per day.  This hotel left me in sticker shock as I expect this from the Belllagio or Wynn, but the MIrage?  Maybe they are gearing their prices for when they get those new, swanky remodeled rooms which from the pics look like the Wynn rooms.The good points, this hotel is situated nicely on the strip and will probably be fantastic in the summer...just bring extra money.
5	Stayed 2/7 -2/11 and had a perfect experience at the Mirage! All the rooms are getting a makeover soon. While I might not have personally picked out the decor for my house, the room was still very nice. A lot of people have complained about the rooms being old and outdated. I really didn't get this feel at all. The Mirage is centrally located to everything on the strip. The Cravings buffet was deelish and a great  value. I'd go back to the Mirage in a heartbeat.
3	sure they give you free cohibas and cognac for $1 tips and comp you dinner tabs worth hundreds. and what about those free tickets to see hong kong singers, circus acts. etc.they're not free. they're thanks for the thousands you and your friends have contributed to their bottom line.
3	There are extremely mixed reviews of almost all Vegas hotels, and I just figured out why:  (other than the brand spanking new Wynn) they have vastly different room classes for the same price, so everyone gets a different experience and Yelp cognitive dissonance ensues:  how can y'all be SO WRONG?I like the Mirage for its Asian lounge near the entrance, the Dr. Seuss-like exterior of Samba, the Revolution lounge (and "LOVE"), and  good location.  OTOH, there was much construction going on at a fabulously leisurely pace, so I was treated to the sight of 200 feet of glass fragments and mechanical guts where the moving sidewalk was for the whole time I was there.  That and randomly awful smells inside and outside, and a broken volcano.  As a kicker, the room I had was really, really ordinary.  Like: Holiday Inn ordinary.  If I had it to do over again, I'd answer the "two queens or king size bed?" question with, "Whatever has been remodeled most recently."  Because they have some swank-ass rooms to be sure, and you might score one.  It's Vegas:  take a gamble.
4	It was a pleasant  stay when I was there on business. The Concierge, Security, and front desk staff were friendly and definitely made sure we were doing well.I appreciate the bell bellmen that took care of our luggage. Delivering our luggage to our suite and taking care of it while we checked out of the hotel as well.The restaurants and lounges they had in the casino was a nice experience as well. It was inside and we did'nt have to step out of the casino.  The view from the 15th floor was breathtaking and I enjoyed the spacious suite we were in. I only wish they had a small refrigerator, coffee maker and mabey an iron with a board. Please check out the revue on the Jet nightclub in the hotel.
4	Wow, my stay in the tower suite was GREAT! The room was HUGE! There was a bar area, living room, dinning area, and the master bathroom was larger than my bedroom and bathroom at home. I have a pretty large bathroom, but this was ENORMOUS!!! It was perfect since I was staying there with 5 of my girls. So the huge bathroom and mirrors all over really let the stay a great one. One bad thing was the door to the toilet. The knob kept falling off and htting the girls feet. Ouch! When I found out, I called downstairs and someone came right up to fix it. Love the pool area too if it was not so cold that day. Also, there is a BARE (nude) area. So this makes the pool area more interesting than other hotels. hehe. Also, they are remodeling the place to a more modern look. Can't wait to come back to Vegas and stay there when the remodel is done!
4	I have been to Vegas on 4 occasions and have stayed at the Mirage for 2 of them.  It is the nicest of the hotels I have stayed at.   The layout is quite good, as is signage.   They have a super nice poker room, and a wide variety of poker games, and levels.   It is home to a very tasty 2/5 NL holdem game daily.     Very solid dining options thoughout, especially the deli near the poker room and sports book.The table games are decent, as are the dealers.   Catch the Danny Gans show downstairs if you enjoy impressionists.Big fan of the Mirage, will stay again.
2	So I went to Vegas for the second time this year, I know I'm addicted. I did the hotel hopping thing. I stayed at 4 Queens the first night, Mandalay Bay the second, The MGM Grand intermittently, and at the Mirage Last. I must say that I am not impressed with this hotel AT ALL. I have so many things to yelp about that I am going to make a list. For EACH PART OF THE ROOM.BATHROOM:*Toilet would take two flushes to flush everything down. Gross!*Bathroom fans did not defog mirrors after showering or get rid of unpleasant smells. What is the point in a fan then?*Shower head was weak. It took me 3 washes to get all my conditioner out of my hair.*The toilet lid kept slamming everytime my boyfriend tried to pee. Need I say more?BED:*The bedcover looked like it was made out of a 70's couch.*The bedsheets were itchy and smelled like baby butt. (You know like that cloth diaper service?)*I got tons of little red bumps on my skin from the sheets. Bed Bugs? I don't wanna know. All I know is that I felt super self conscious about my skin at the pool after that. NOISE:*Doors on this floor slam, hardcore, even if you just let it swing shut. Get some hydraulic springs for the damn doors!*When other people's doors near ours slam, it rattled our door. Loudly. At all hours of the night and morning. *Their little renovation project woke us up early every morning, and kept us up. Do you know how awful it is when someone is hammering in the room above you when you just went to bed four hours earlier and you have a  raging hangover? Not cool AT ALL.*Someone's alarm in the bedroom next to us went off at the same hour every morning. I don't think anyone was staying there, but it would not shut off! It went off for like an hour, no exaggeration. I need to get one of those renovated rooms you yelpers talk about IF I decide to stay there ever again.So what did I like about the room? Well, the only thing I liked about the room was the fact that it had marble floors in the entryway and a little vanity table and chair to get ready in. The room was not the only thing that bothered me, either. I understand why that the pathway from the parking garage goes through the casino before you can get to your room, but must it go through the lobby, the casino, the atrium, another casino, to the elevators and then to the room? By the time I had hauled my luggage (which is not light at all) through all the casino, the crowds of annoying people trying to take pictures where everyone else HAS to walk, and all those other places previously mentioned, I was pissed.Oh and the pool is not that great as cool as it looks. You rarely get a lounge chair in the sun, and people hog the few there are. Its a small pool, with only one jacuzzi. And the water is cold. I got a great lounge chair next to the walkway where everyone could see my little mirage rash if they wanted. How irritating. Oh and the worst part? I paid more per night for this hotel than I did to stay at Mandalay Bay. Ouch.And yeah the Volcano doesn't work. Sweet. One star for the vanity table and one star for the aquarium behind the Check-In counter.
4	Two words: Tower Suite. Oh my!  The room was twice the size of my San Francisco shoe box apartment, and oozing with luxury!  Although some of the decor is a little dated, and I'm still not sure what to make of the boudet, the bed, linens and two couches were comfortable. The wet bar is cool, and the jacuzzi tub is excellent. The service is top notch- flowers and chocolates every night, maid service twice daily. The pool at the Mirage is fantastic! Never had a problem finding a chair or a server, and the water/waterfall were sparkling and warm. All staff was helpful and courteous.  Plenty of food options on site. Buffet was marginal, but coffee shop and Carnagie's Deli were great. Minus one star for an extraordinarily expensive casino- $15 minimums in the middle of the night on a Monday?!?, but overall a great comp system (true of all MGM/Mirage properties).  We'll definitely return!
2	I'm reviewing this place not for a hotel stay, but hanging in the casino, eating at Stack, and partying at Jet.  Synopsis: has more 'tude than the Palms, less refinement than THEhotel at Mandalay, and crappier food and service than both.  Good thing MGM owns one of those other two so it can cover many bases, but there was just some panache missing here....
3	Three stars because of the lovely pool area and great girls who work hard to bring you your drinks. Good basic food in the hotel grounds. Our superior room look back over the pool to the strip and mountains - was clean, quiet and a good size.Gaming tables need an overhaul and the volcano was being renovated when we were here.Overall a good experience. I'd come back again, but might shop around for deals just for a comparison.
3	This is of the casino not hotel.I thought the Mirage was decent, but definitely cheesy compared to other hotels. Props to the indoor tropical paradise with several kinds of orchids. Boo to the fact the volcano wasn't working.
4	This is a great hotel for the price (only $100/night!). Compared to some of the other newer hotels, it's looking a little tired. Everyone is friendly and helpful, the concierge definitely got used. I'm sure they were a little tired of us by the time we left, but they were so helpful in finding exactly what we were looking for, even if it was in other hotels.The rooms were huge with great views. Be careful when you go near the mini fridge! Everything on there has a sensor and the maids check the sensors daily. If anything has been moved, you get charged. Unfortunately, that makes using the mini fridge as an actual fridge impossible. The maid told us we could call the front desk and get a real fridge brought up, but in the end it wasn't worth it.The pool is very nice. Surprisingly, the pool wasn't that crowded. Everyone was tanning, with very few people swimming, which made playing in the waterfall pretty awesome. There are also several hot tubs hidden around the main pool. They are huge and claim to have a capacity of 15 people, but you could easily fit double that amount. I thought about going to their new topless pool Bare. I stopped by the tent, but they were playing "Big Pimpin'" loudly and there was a skeezy guy standing in front, so I decided to pass.My only complaint with the actual hotel is the distance from my room to the elevator. There are 45 rooms on each wing on each floor. And of course I was the one who had to walk past all 44 rooms to get to the end. Generally I wouldn't have cared so much, except I was in tourist mode, walking everywhere and trying to fit everything in. By the end of the day I was exhausted and the hallway was so long. When you check in, ask for something close to the elevators.Also, if you're really into the volcano out front, you need to be prepared: the volcano is being remodeled and won't reopen until October.
4	A group of us got two rooms this past weekend and ended up at opposite ends of opposite wings instead of getting attached rooms (whichi we'd requested and were told we never had).  That part ended up being a blessing so I will not remove stars.  We were given a pool view room....super nice with two queen size beds.  The room was large enough for 7 girls to play some drinking games as well as a few bachelorette style games (like Pin the Junk on the Hunk, to give you an idea of the space needed only hahahha).  We got a noise complaint at 9pm...but you can't fault the hotel for that. Something was wrong with the temp gauge...it told us it was 72 in the room at all times but there were times it was definitely cooler and definitely warmer....we couldn't figure out how to control the broken thing.  Overall...I'll be back....it was a great time!
3	Overall Hotel Stay is 3 stars.  We get there and they try to give us a smoking room because they are all booked up, they made us take it, even though we requested non.  then our door key does not work, they give us another one. it doesnt work.  they tell us to come to the front desk, there is a problem with our bill, so they locked us out.  OOPS!  there wasn't a problem, it was another room's bill.  so thanks for wasting 2 hours of our vacation time.  Are you serious? No "gee i'm really sorry" no nothing.  give me a break!!!Room service, not so much either.  do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!  **Pool was pretty nice though.
4	Stayed the past week; we were excited cause we received one of the newer remodeled rooms. The room's decor was super nice, the only problem was that you can hear whenever someone walked by our room or when our neighbor opened/closed thier door. The staff was super friendly and especially the host at bare. He gave us a tour of bare before it opened.
4	The Mirage has always been one of the classiest places on the Strip.  Props to Steve Wynn for ushering in the resort era with this beautiful property.  (Jeers to him for destroying the Dunes sign in a meglamaniacal gesture during the opening of Treasure Island...but I digress)  The Mirage has stood up well to time, wear, tear, countless invading tourists, varying economies, changing corporations, MGM-Mirage excecutive meddling, Ray Horn getting mauled on stage, as well as American Idol visiting.Overall the Mirage is still a gem on the strip!  The volcano show is still amazing.  The casino is beautiful.  The atrium is amazing.  The pools are very gorgeous.  The pricing is generally reasonable as well.  If they'd open up their own micro-brewery in the hotel, I'd give this place a fifth star.  Until the day I enjoy a micro-brewed "Danny Gans-weizen", it'll give them some perfection to work towards.
4	okay, this was kinda hard for me to grade...1. the rooms were pretty well decorated, with ikea type stuff.2.  the bed and the covers were super nice, soft and comfy. it's definitely not the motel room feeling.3.  the casino is acutally quite big, plenty of all different type of games. mine are roulette and blackjack and i had no problem finding a seat.  4. no where to eat, all the restaurants suck big ball sacks. i guess this is one of the better hotels i've been to in vegas, considering the price on a holiday.
4	I like the Mirage because its the only place i made money this weekend in Vegas.  It wasnt like the movie where you hear "YOUR DEAD GRISWALD!" but i did get a lot of 6's.  Anyhow, the staff is very friendly, and the Beatles love lounge is pretty cool.  Ive never stayed here, only gambled, so ill update if i ever stay here...thats up to mgm marketing.
4	Date of stay May 21 - 23We managed to get a new room...20th floor...overlooking the strip.  *The new decor , nice. *Beds, comfy.*Linens, crisp and clean.*Bathroom, beautiful but with bad shower.*HD flat screen TV with no HD cable?!?!? *Pool, AWESOME.  They need to have more cocktail servers though.*Service/guest facing personnel, had a few "rude" encounter but service was good for the most part.  Oh and if you go to Siegfried & Roy's Secret Garden, don't ask the Dolphin habit  women anything.  They're super rude, especially it seems, to guys.  My boyfriend and another guy that was there both had unplesant encounters.Pleasant dinner at Onda...FANTASTIC Garlic Crusted Sea Bass...quite tasty Veal Marsala...unimpressed with service and my mixed green salad was limp under a thick coating of creamy dressing...ick!Carnegie Deli...huge portions of sub-par food (bland, dry rye. gummy Swiss. dry corned beef).  Although the fries were PERFECT!Carbibe was decent, went for breakfast.  They do a 1 item breakfast which is great if you don't want to stuff yourself.  It comes with 1 egg, 1 slice of toast, 1 piece of meat and 1/2 a serving of hash browns.  It hit the spot and I didn't feel bloated in my bikini at the pool! hahahaGambling treated both of us well.  At Roulette I put down $10 and walked away with $100+.  Slots, put in an $18 credit slip and walked away with $300.  I pissed away about $100 here and there so I'd say I actually WON about $300 in our 2 1/2 days at Mirage.  Can't beat that!  It paid for at least  half the trip (& my boyfriend's winnings paid for the other half).  All in all we had a great time at Mirage and would go back.QUICK NOTE: The volcano is closed until late 2008 AND they took away the free White Tiger exhibit.  It will be replaced by a restaurant.
3	I have stayed at the Mirage 3 times already, and my opinion has declined since my first stay.During this past stay, the service was sparse and not so capable or friendly.  As early as 10 a.m., the pool was packed and impossible to find chairs together, not to mention that  people just about lay on top of each other.  (To think of it, some of them might have been... this is Vegas after all!) The private pool was somewhat redeeming, but too much of a "scene" for everyday people. The worst part of my stay was a computer glitch, which kept charging us a different room rate than the one we had obtained.  We had to fix this three times.  At checkout, the glitch had added two nights to our stay as well.  What?! All was taken care of, but imagine if we had not been diligent in checking out!Ahhh...  I should stop being so harsh.  I did win some cash on a slot machine for my first time ever!!!! Woooooooooo!  The Beatles Love show was pretty good too, albeit expensive.
3	Danny Gans is everywhere.  On the outside, on my chips, on the brochures, on the flyers, on the website.  Lucky for my boyfriend, the Danny Gans chips brought him luck at the Blackjack tables.One star for location and cleanlinessOne star for the beautiful poolOne star for  all the restaurants and mostly friendly dealersI took away one star because we were told we'd get a remodeled room (as everyone else in our group did) but we didn't.  They must have been remodeling the room above ours because at 9 am we'd hear everything they were doing up there.I took away another star because some of the staff (not dealers) were a little rude.  I got charged for a buffet on my credit card even though they told me the scanner was broken after my card was swiped.  So instead I paid cash and later found the charge on my card.  When I called to dispute they wanted nothing to do with me.  I also wish they had more servers around the pool and that the tasty frozen drinks weren't $16-$20.  I paid the price, though, so I guess I'm not that thrifty.I'll probably stay here again since all the rooms should be remodeled by the end of the summer.  I wish the volcano was working, but again, it should be the next time I visit.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the Mirage; it was much classier than I expected anything in Vegas could be, minus Jet Nightclub and the tacky dancers in Union Jack minidresses at the Beatles lounge. (Insert "John Lennon spinning in grave" line here.)  The rooms were extremely nice, and the selection of restaurants is very nice and very diverse.  The casinos are, well, casinos.The pool is great--if you get there early you will have no problem getting a chair in a choice location--and I had a wonderful time at a private party at Bare, although we weren't aware that it was topless-optional, so nobody took advantage of that.
3	Decent Place to stay. Is in the process of a full room renovation so the rooms which are a little dated now will be much nicer. I had a nice view of the strip and the pool from the 24th floor.  It was just a standard room with a large bathroom and good water pressure in the shower (something I have had trouble finding in Las Vegas). My only complaint about the room, besides being dated, is the icthy sheets.Casino is nice but I didnt have the best luck. It is in a good location to walk to the TI or other casinos across the street.
4	Ya know what?  I don't think this stay could have been better.  Wait.  No, it could have been a little better but we didn't mind that part for the most part. Basically, I got a great rate online, booked and called to request adjoining rooms (two).  So..the day before traveling I call to confirm that they know we're arriving late (they didn't) and I ask again about adjoining rooms.  I'm told BOTH times that it's GUARANTEED.  That's a word you don't often hear when discussing hotel rooms.  I know.  I used to book them.  I verified.  "GUARANTEED?"  "Yes, ma'am, guaranteed."  "Okaaayyyyyy."Get there, no adjoining rooms for the first night.  Not kidding.  Ugh.  So I speak up and let the gal checking us in know we were "GUARANTEED" adjoining rooms.  I explained that I even double checked about whether or not late check in would effect that.  She was super great and told me she'd get us adjoining rooms for the following two nights on a much higher floor with a better view.  We didn't even have to go downstairs to switch keys...it was all over the phone.  That was nice. We stayed in the newly remodeled rooms....SWEET.  It was great...comfy...pretty....lovely.  What more could I want?A working volcano.  That will come. xo
3	For the most part the biggest gamble I'll take is a road side taco stand. Just not a betting girl.But our company has had a few outings here. None of them were Siegfried and Roy though. But I did get to see that show once. I remember whispering to my boss, "This can't end well in time." Huh. I'm sorry but white tigers were not meant to live around tourists in Old Navy shorts and crappy flip flops.I prefer The Venetian. Where the biggest gamble you can take is hitting on 16. The Mirage needs a facelift. Badly. But I give them kudos on the room-service. It's actually quite good.
3	We got a 1-bedroom Tower suite for $200 on a Monday night. They haven't started renovating their suites (or so we were told). The room was decorated in white/cream/golds and it was HUUUGEE!! There was a bar with two fridges (one a minibar we dared not touch--the nuts were upwards of $9. A sitting area with two couches, a large coffee table, a dining table. The bed was a queen with a tv that comes out of the food of the bed. The bathroom is ginourmous!! Large glass shower stall, bathtub with whirlpool, double sinks with a vanity mirror and a vanity chair, walk in closet, a THINner scale (which said I was 3 lbs less than I thought I was? Do I really weigh as little as I did 8 years ago?), wall to celing mirrors across from the closet and FINALLY a room with the toilet and BIDET(!!), with a mirror directly to the left of the toilet so you can watch yourself do your business.I took my first bubble bath since about oh...10 years old and let me just tell you it was absolutely divine. Pour the bottle of shampoo they give you into the tub and you'll be covered in 6 inches of bubbles. For the price we paid, comparing to other hotels we've stayed at over the past four years, this was a steal.
5	Boyfriend won major $$$ in the poker room after only playing for 20 minutes. THANK YOU MIRAGE! Much shopping was done with his winnings which makes any girlfriend happy :-)
3	Our first stay at Vegas was at this very hotel.  I'm not sure if my expectations were too high, but this definitely did not live up to those expectations.  The deluxe bedrooms aren't exactly deluxe as they say they are.  I had no good luck gambling at this casino and when we tried booking our group's rooms to be close to each other, we ended up being spread far apart making it inconvenient for all of us.  Not to mention, we didn't get a good deal since we paid $500 for three nights (I didn't plan the trip and I definitely learned how to get better deals now)  Don't get me wrong, I like this place and everything and will probably stay here later in the future once all the renovations are complete, then I would probably change this review, but for now, I would say that it wasn't exactly worth it for the three nights we stayed there.
4	On my most recent LV excursion, The Mirage offered a great deal for our 2 night weekday stay (which is about all the time my granny-ass can handle in Vegas). After some cajoling of the front desk people,  we were able to get two rooms on a floor which had been renovated.  I was very happy with our "newly renovated" room and highly recommend booking one of these if you decide to stay at the mirage. Flat screen tv, NICE crisp linens, $150 goosedown pillows(trust me, I know my pillows),"contemporary decor" complete with an accent pillow that looked remarkably like a giant Cheetoh. Everyone agreed that the hotel is definitely going through an indentity crisis. Only one of the elevators was remodeled which looked kind of funny and the old carpets desperately need to be ripped out. Once the remodel is complete I'm sure it will look awesome.  Two thumbs up for the pool (where I witnessed some frighteningly tan individuals) and for the Secret Garden where adorable tiger cubs are currently on display.  Also, the Cravings buffet was awesome, there's a panini station and some chocolate brownie banana cake that promptly put me into a food coma. Oh, and FYI...don't touch ANYTHING in the fridge/mini-bar, the volcano is currently under construction, and beware the 25cent Wheel of Fortune slots.
5	Oh dear, what a beautiful place.The rooms have been recently remodeled and they were amazing. Very plush, very minimal, very comfortable and clean.The pool is pretty awesome, definitely a lounge pool. The depth doesn't exceed 3 ft. and there are chairs galore.The staff there is very helpful and nice and I never had a problem with service. There was no volcano show though...It's being remodeled until November of this year. Probably a good time to go.
5	I love this hotel.Every year for the past 8 or so years, my dad's company convention was held in Las Vegas and he'd take us with him.We always stayed at the Mirage and over the years it had grown into a magnificent hotel & casino!When I was young, I didn't pay much attention to the decorations or the things I could do as an underaged kid.But this year, I realized a lot has changed, for the good.We eat our breakfast every morning at the Caribe Cafe and it's always hearty.We loved their Noodle Kitchen but apparently it closed :(Their set-up for the Cirque Du Soleil show LOVE looks groovy and fun! It's colorful and very artsy. The way the new Revolution bar/club looks really attractive however, i didn't get to go inside because I was underage :(The other restaurants here like Craving Buffet, Fin, Japonais, BLT burger, California Pizza Kitchen, etc. are also yummy!The Craving buffet serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.For dinner it cost us $24.95 each, i think. However, they label their sections to the types of food they have, like: Chinese, Seafood, Italian, Salads, Roast meat, Latin, etc.If you're going to Las Vegas with underaged people, this place is great! It's also close to the major shopping places and hotels on the strip!
5	From deluxe to a private suite, I honestly don't know how my "ordinary person" mother did it but we got the upgrade for free! And as far as I'm concerned, that alone is deserving of a 5-star grade.I still opted to go shopping, dine, and go clubbing outside the hotel (although we got priority VIP at both Jet and Revolution). But everything you need to experience Vegas is already at the Mirage. From nightclubs to casinos to Cirque de Soleil, four-star restaurants, shopping, and even a secret garden (whatever that is). So I vowed to stay there, and only there, the next time I come back. I felt like I deprived it of showing what its got by going someplace else.
4	The Mirage has hip places to drink (Revolution Lounge and JET), a cool pool (Bare Lounge), Cirque de Soliel shows, and a fun casino. The hotel is very nice and the rooms have an ipod stereo, a flat screen tv, and the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in.
4	I forgot to write a review of this place when I came back from my trip, which was almost a year ago, but here goes anything.Good hotel and my friend got a good rate.To the housekeeping ladies:  I sincerely apologize for the horrendous mess I made in the bathroom the last night of our stay.  I guarantee you that the pain that you went though cleaning that mess up was nowhere close to the pain I endured when I was making that mess.  I'm surprised i held it in stumbling through the hotel.  It sure did make for a good story.  I never thought it was possible to urinate, shoot diarrhea, and vomit at the same time.
4	My hun and I stayed here for a few days to celebrate the big thirtay and were both surprisingly impressed with how lovely our room was. Our overall experience here was pleasant without any glitches.The rooms were recently renovated and stylishly done! It had a Jetson style feel/look to it with a mod look about it. The best thing was we had a plasma tv AND Ipod docking station which allowed me to pop in my Nano and play my tunes! NICE touch Mirage!The only complaint we have is how small the pool is. C'mon folks, ya gotta  work on the pool area! There was barely any space to wade in the pool to cool off in the freakin' truple digit heat! We had to walk around like morons for what seemed to be forever before we clawed (not really) to some free chaise lounges! It felt like an outdoor club with all the bodies one ontop of the other which didn't really allow much relaxation.It has Jet nightclub in the hotel which saved us the trouble of leaving the hotel to endure the insane taxi line and heat which is another plus! We both agreed it's a reasonable price for what we got and would come back....after we check out other places...
4	This was a nice place to stay.  The rooms have recently been renovated and were very nice and new and comfortable.  The bathroom was a little small but the rest of the room was pretty big.  The beds were super comfortable.  I have two main complaints: the walls are very thin and you can hear a lot of noise from the hallway and everything that someone might be doing in the bathroom (note to self: always bring earplugs), and they messed up our comps so it took forever to check out and get it right.  They also charged us for something at the pool bar that we never had (we didn't even go to the pool bar) and the girl at the desk just could not figure out how to remove it and correct the bill.  It was so frustrating that we finally gave up.  But, everything else was good.  Everyone was friendly from the baggage service people to the players' club people to everyone in the restaurants.  There are a few popular lounges and clubs in the Mirage (Jet, Revolution) so expect to see lots of clubby people running around.  Also, the pool at the Mirage draws quite a crowd and it provides excellent people-watching as scantily-clad people are parading along the edges of the casino to get to the pool.  The price was right to stay here (very reasonable) and I would definitely stay here again.
4	I've probably stayed more at the Mirage than any other place only because I didn't organize the trips.  I prefer the Bellagio or would like try the Wynn or Palms in the future.  But this place has a pretty good balance of everything for every age.  Rooms are okay, buffet is famous and Cirque de Soleil usually has a show going on there.  Good stuff.
2	Ruined birthday surprise!: Our mini suite was great- it had a wet bar, comfortable bed, marble floors and a great view. There were several things wrong of a maintenance type: light bulbs out (dining area and shower), bath tub drain broken, phone near bed broken, profanity in amenities book, and the shower didn't drain.What really ruined it for me was The Mirage ruining the surprise I had planned for my husband's birthday. I asked for Strawberries and Champagne sent to the room on his birthday. When I called to order this it took the girl 20 minutes to get my name spelled right! It isn't that difficult! Then when we arrived they called my cell to confirm... Hello! I'm with my husband! Then for God know what reason, the stuff shows up 2 days early! And what does the card say??? "Happy B-day Love," not even my name, and they couldn't write out "Birthday"??? Horrible! When I called they apologized and didn't charge me but it had already been ruined. I'm kind of tainted by that experience. Otherwise it seems like you are bothering a lot of the staff- from the reception desk to the hostesses. And tipping the bellman for taking the bags from the car to a 'holding area' then tipping a separate guy for taking them to the room? Please! Next time were staying at The Bellagio!Oh, and a little trick at the pool... go any time of the day and ask an attendant to help you find a chair. They will locate chairs where people have left towels for over an hour and remove them for you! It saves you from being the 'bad' guy!
4	The value for the money is great at the Mirage.  You get great service, nice decor, and the rooms have recently been renovated (so they are no longer absolutely crappy).  The common areas are great.Only one word of caution:  Skip the restaurants here, and stay away from the buffet unless you enjoy food poisoning.  Absolute must:  Hang out at the Revolution Bar.  It's a great place to be, and the bartenders are friendly, courteous, and well-versed in all things drink-related.
5	This is such a nice hotel. I used a good promo code and got a great room for only 77 bucks a night. The promo code is summer08. It was such a nice room. Its well air conditioned in the rooms and the casino floor. It didn't even smell like an ash tray, in fact unless you were sitting next to someone who was smoking, it was really nice and fresh.It was a really good location. They have a shuttle to the TI and the Forum shops are right next door.I like their pool it has a really nice waterfall and like 20 life guards.You can't go wrong with the Mirage.
4	The renovated rooms are gorgeous, and smell like some kind of aromatherapy infusion rather than the usual grandpa cigar stank. The mirage is indeed having an identity crisis, as the dated Siegfried and Roy  tropical theme clashes with the new Beatles-LOVE Cirque du Mod theme, although it is not nearly as bad as the Treasure Island Pirates vs. Strippers identity crisis.We went in July for the $77/night special (make sure you ask for a renovated room!) and were able to get right up close to see the baby white tigers in the secret garden (so cuuuute!) We decided against Jet Nightclub due to the high volume of tweekers in line, but the Revolution Lounge was pretty nice.No cover, club/DJ on weekdays, and they even had a free punk show there the second night. It's pretty cool to see a big shot casino lounge hosting acts like that. Another plus: Casino elevators are close to the action. The volcano was closed for renovation when we were there though...hopefully it won't be covered with a mural of the cover of Sgt Pepper or anything like that . Then I will have to stop staying here-haha!
1	I hate you!!!!Although, nice touch with the mirrors next to the bed! Yes sir! =)
1	Booo on getting rid of the tiger habitat (the one across from the gift shop).  Now the only way to see the white tigers is to pay to get into the Secret Garden.  Don't get me wrong.  The Secret Garden is absolutely worth the price, but I miss seeing the white tiger on my way into the casino.  Instead, there is a BLT Burger in the space.
3	I have very mixed feelings about the Mirage. Some things were great, others just OK, while some things sucked ass.First the good: The renovated rooms are very nice. Flat screen TV's plus all kinds of ports for computers, video games, and an Ipod dock. Lots of granite , very comfortable chairs, all around a tasteful, comfortable room.  Also the air-conditioning was quiet and very cool. The only complaints about the room were the cheap plastic toilet seat that wouldn't fucking stay up when I was urinating, and the shower/tub combo seemed claustrophobic and I couldn't help but get the entire floor wet when bathing. The buffet was also very good, and laid out well, no bottlenecks of people standing holding their plates impatiently waiting for food (hear me Paris?) The asian items were my favorite along with huge cold crab legs. Japonais restaurant was excellent. Though expensive, the service was amazing and every single item was yummy.  I did have good luck in the casino on the slots, despite Mirage's reputation for having a tight casino.  I played ALIEN slots and won like $150 in a matter of seconds when I hit a bonus round and blew the alien out of the airlock.  I screamed out loud I was so happy.  I never ever win anything. That made my fucking day!!Now for what was bad:  Caribe Cafe--this place sucked big steaming brown loafs! The service was atrocious, the menu very limited and expensive, and the food was dog shit. All big strip casino's have a diner/coffee shop usually open 24hrs, but this place was awful in every way, even the coffee sucked!  Downscale, older places i have stayed at such the Imperial Palace, or Tropicana had better  coffee shops.  There also seemed to be a lot of small technical problems which were frequent.  The card keys were stubborn and had to be inserted repeatedly EVERY SINGLE TIME I entered the room.  When I contacted the front desk they talked down to me like i had in IQ of ten.  Scripted, condescending answers and questions--"Did you insert the card right? Make sure the strip is facing this way, etc. etc" I also had problems with my MGM-Mirage players card having to get a new card TWICE within a four day visit. Each time the ignorant, inept employee gave me a totally different (wrong) explanation on why my card kept malfunctioning.  I hate it when places of business refuse to honestly answer questions and give scripted or made up bullshit answers.  The final demonstration of incompetence was on my final day in Vegas when I had a slot machine voucher I wanted to cash in.  The computers were down and it was impossible to cash in the voucher, even by going to a live teller instead of a machine.  Thankfully the voucher was only for $7.67 but still...The only time the hotel incompetence worked in my favor was the mini bar in the room.  Me and my friends had some of the tiny liquor bottles in the mini bar and should have been been charged approximately $36.  Well, it's been over a month and no charge on my card!  Woohoo! I shoulda drank more;)So, would I stay at the Mirage again? Probably not. Despite the reasonable rate of $77 a night and the nicely updated room and excellent location, there was just too much spotty service and general hotel incompetence to make me wanna risk it.
4	The Mirage is one of the landmark casinos of Las Vegas and it's easy to understand why. This place is beyond awesome - especially if you go during an "off season" time.I will warn you that I'm not much of a gambler, so I can't really comment on how good the games are here, or whether they ripped me off and stole all my money. I'm one of those types who only pretends to play when the waitress comes around taking drink orders and throwing a dollar or so at her for bringing it back to me. Because to me, that's what Vegas is really about... getting wasted for free. That and walking around the sidewalk with countless number of alcoholic drinks in my hand. This town is awesome.Our reservation for the piddly lowest suite was somehow upgraded to one of the nicer King suites for no extra charge... which might give me a slight bias in my high rating of the Mirage. This room was something else, I've got to admit - and this was before they had done all the remodeling, so I'm anxious to go back and see what the new stuff looks like. The bathroom area alone was bigger than my entire apartment in Los Angeles. And that see-thru shower with the tub facing it? Yeah... nice touch, somebody. You can actually see a video tour I did of our suite with my digicam if you're so inclined on YouTube. Scope it out at: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PV7Vkr2VT74 if you're interested.Everything was totally on point and comfortable as hell. The only thing I would complain about would be getting lost in the casino... but that happens everywhere because all these damn places are so friggin' huge. Being drunk to the point of idiocy (just like most of the tourists my age) doesn't seem to help very much either.So maybe the Mirage is getting an unfairly high rating from me from just having an overall awesome experience in Vegas. I didn't really interact with the staff, I didn't gamble in the casino, but the waitresses were on time with the drink delivery and quick, and the couch I ended up sleeping on was right up there with the most comfortable couches I've slept on. Way to go, Mirage!Could there be better places to stay in Vegas? Yeah, I'm sure there are. But this wasn't a bad experience and with the free upgrade to the better suite, it was a value well worth our money (at least I think so). The Mirage has proven to me that Vegas is one hell of a kick-ass town. That's for damn sure, son.
4	The first time my parents went to Vegas they stayed in the Mirage and sent me back a lot of postcards and bought me a super tacky shirt. Thus the Mirage to me signifies Vegas, so I was really glad to stay in this classic hotel.This was also the first hotel resort or resort casino or whatever they want to call it that I went into, so now it's really been cemented in my brain as Vegas. Just walking into the lobby of this hotel for the first time, my god. It's astounding and such an assault on all of your senses. Disney for adults doesn't even begin to describe it.Prices here are reasonable, and it's a pretty good location. The room was really nice, too, and very comfortable. All the staff were great. I loved two of the restaurants here, Cravings and Stack. Loved the aquarium, heh.One thing I did not love is the layout of the hotel. It's shaped like a Y and the elevator bank is right at the base. Our room was allllllllllllllllllllll the way down one of the arms, so the long walk was annoying. Other than that, great hotel to stay in. I'd recommend it. Yeah there are flashier places, but the Mirage is an icon and pretty reasonable prices. Oh, try not to get a room by the volcano or you will be up all night. Not that you wouldn't be anyway. This is Vegas, after all.
4	Even though the Mirage is under construction in many areas, there were some definite perks to staying here.  Perks: 1) Great entertainment. (Jet, Revolution, Love) And we got to do it all for free since we're ladies.  I definitely recommend getting the free PINK vodka drinks.  They are tasty and give a shot of caffeine so you can hang with the Vegas crowd.2) Well decorated room.  We stayed in a suite for a bachelorette party and it was 3 times the size of my apartment, I wish I could move in forever.  The decor was modern and clean.  Very nice.3) Great location.  Near the Ceasar's Palace, Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn.  It's right on the best part of the strip.Drawbacks:1) It stank.  The air was not clean smelling like the Bellagio's air.  It had a mildewy stench I blamed on the construction.  It was really bad in the room area.  Seriously, I wanted to upchuck every time I went back upstairs.  And it wasn't all the PINK vodkas either. Even if you're not staying at the Mirage, it's a notable place to visit for the entertainment.
4	I was surprised how much we liked the Mirage. We had a suite (D12) that was bot spacious and affordable considering it had to be 1000sqft. You have a cool little bar and gift shop at the bottom of the escalator. Jet (nightclub is in the hotel and the tables are convenient. The main pool was never overcrowded and "Bare", the adult pool was easy to get in and find a seat. the one negative I would mention was the California Pizza Kitchen and the BLT Burger place next door... AVOID and stick to the higher end restaurants. Easy tram ride next door to Treasure Island and their new Club (can't remember the name) and a quick walk across the street to the venetian and Tao Beach.PS Go see "Love", the Cirque de Soleil show with music by the Beatles!
4	They have great summer deals and it's really worth it if you can stay here for under $100 a night! For the full review and pics go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/09/so-much-better.htmlThe pool there is AWESOME! It's breath-takingly beautiful and I just feel relaxed looking at it.  Tonight my pal was telling me about the wonderful food she had at Japonaise.  Got to go back to get some of that!I will tell you why I liked the Mirage... We stayed in a Suite at the Luxor on the weekend and switched over here on the weekdays.  OMG! The Luxor Suites is CRAP! A RIP OFF! I was in disbelief at how much we paid for such a horridly ugly room that lacked a good AC unit.  The room was tiny and dim unlike the Mirage.  I stayed at the Venetian before the Luxor.  It seriously was falling from grace! I would rather stay at a cheap motel then spend 3x to 4x as much on a lame suite.The Mirage was a blessing after the Luxor.  I loved the room's decor.  It was clean and refreshing.  I can't stop raving about them.  Sure it's no Venetian, but for the price... HECK YAH! I will take it any day for the price I got.  Only thing I have to say that sucked was they are still under construction and every morning we would hear them drilling.  Of course it woke us up early, so big minus! But other than that... great! ^_^
3	The rooms are a lil outdated...they really should change the wall papers, curtains, beddings...it's not worthy of a 4 star unless they make some changes. Oh yes, the bathroom was not as clean and nice as they should be....by the way, walls are pretty thin here...had to endure listening to the neighbor's sexercise early in the morning.Aside from the room, everything else is nice.  I like their pool very much....and also enjoy gambling there as well.
4	Stayed here for a last minute business trip. Got an excellent rate. $129 for the first night (a Tuesday) and $109 for the second (Wednesday). I'm told the rooms were remodeled in March. The check in was a bit ridiculous. It took about half an hour to check in and all the lines were stacked. This was on a Tuesday, don't want to imagine what the weekend is like. The staff is friendly though apparently overworked. Like all Vegas hotels/casinos finding the elevators is a chore but once you find your way, you're set. The rooms are nice and big. The minibars are well stocked and when you take something out they immediately hit your bill so no taking stuff out and replacing it later. The room do seem a little lived in but comfortable. I was especially impressed by the electronics equipment and connections in the room. All the AV equipment is set up to plug into the flat panel TV. There is even a USB connection in the wall allowing you to use a USB cable to charge devices like a Blackberry or camera. You need to bring a cable but this is a very convenient feature. The beds are fluffly and comfortable. The design of the rooms is very retro 70s chic. AC is quiet. The gym is only open from 6 to 6, they need you gamble. The breakfast may seem affordable but if you order coffee they bring you a pot and its $17 per pot. The delivery is fast, especially for breakfast which is a huge plus.
2	Location: Very convenientCasino: Pleasant and not flashy, pretty large tooRooms: Unclean:  Chipped glasses, Bathroom was dirty from last people (unclean bathmat with hairs on it and what looked like a soiled toilet handle)When we requested for the room to be made up, it never was during our 2 night stay.Also: Remote for television needed new batteries.And cruelly: No coffee makers in rooms whatsoever.  That is an additional room service cost which to me is cruel and unusual punishment.  If I can get a coffee maker in a dive motel in no-where USA, I should get one on the strip in Vegas, right?
3	rooms - yeah, it is true that the rooms are kind of dated, but the mirage is currently going through a major renovation.  we stayed in a suite adjacent to the elevator and it was HUGE.  as you walk in, you have a large living room with wet bar.  to the left, you have the master bedroom that has a tv that disappears and rises out of the end table at the foot of the bed.  the bathroom was as bigger than the master bedroom.  off to the right from the living room was another bedroom with two queen beds and another shower/bath.  the view is great!  we could see the palazzo, venetian and the rest of the strip looking down towards caesarsspa/gym - unlike the bellagio, the mirage was nice enough to include free passes to the spa/gym for us since we stayed in the suite.  the spa and gym were recently renovated and are A+ quality!  the sauna and jacuzzi area is my favorite.  this area includes a dry sauna, steam, sauna, and jacuzzi.  the jacuzzi can accommodate at least 15 people.  the dry sauna is standard.  the steam sauna is the BEST!  it is dimly lit with "mood" music.  the is also one of the few steam saunas that have ice cold towels available.  the steam sauna experience is totally different if you have the ice cold towel over your head to maintain your head temperature as the rest of your body is exposed to the hot steamgambling - lady luck and i meet here whenever i go to vegas :).  there are ampe double deck blackjack tables located near the high limit room.  two thumbs up for that.  the high limit room is a lot of fun.  friday/saturday night blackjack minimums run $100 to $300 per hand.  drinks are top shelf.  another set of thumbs up!
3	Nice room, helpful staff.  The rooms have been redone so they are more modern, which doesn't make them decadent, but they are attractive.  The place is huge.  I didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel, I don't know if the amenities are great.  It's a decent price for a centrally located, decent hotel.  Expect no frills.
4	I always get lost on the casino floor of the Mirage. It's just so big and well, I'm short, so I can't see above all those machines to figure out where the hell I'm going!! The nightclub here at Mirage is fantastic! It's called JET, and there are 3 different rooms with 3 different sounds (techno, top 40, and hip hop). LOVE IT! I actually got to party with Zach Braff and Donald Faison from Scrubs (no jokes!!).
4	I stayed at the Mirage last week and I have to say I absolutely loved it!!!!  The rooms have all been re-done and they are really clean and quiet.  My only complaint is how far the elevators are from the front of the casino - its at least a 5 minute walk.
3	PROS: Nice location (right in the middle of the strip), newly remodeled rooms which is always a plus, friendly staff, and good restaurants inside hotel (Carnegie Deli rocks!).CONS: The mini fridge has no room for you to put your own things because everything in it is on a sensor so it knows when things are moved so they charge you for it. Also was extremely bummed out that you now have to pay $15 dollars a person to see the white tigers! It used to be free, they should really do something for their guests that pay to stay at their hotel to see the tigers for free. I know I know its Vegas and really I shouldn't be worrying about $15 dollars but I cant help it. :) Very nice, cant give it more stars cause I really got bummed out about the whole tiger thing, sorry can't let it go.Also side note: I read another review about the remote and they all work like the need new batteries, pretty sure so that you don't want to take the remote home with you . FYI
4	I had walked about the forum and now found myself in the Mirage as darkness replaced night.  It was all a blur but I must admit that I was seduced by the hedonistic architecture of the many restaurants in the Mirage.  Of all the areas of Vegas I visited, the Mirage had the most electric atmosphere.  It was the 4th inning of Game 1 of the World Series and everybody was checking everybody out here.It's a sexy environment to say the least.  Although I only journeyed through the Mirage on my way to the Rialto Bridge and Doge of the Venetian across the street, I was permanently seduced by this place.It's like being seduced by hell.  For some reason the album cover of Black Sabbath's "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath" comes to mind or Berlioz's Symphonie Fantastique.
4	When I first stayed here, I was amused to find a little pile of white powder on the ledge next to the bath tub in my room. Anthrax, baking soda, Colombian snow? I just rinsed it off....anyways, this hotel has an awesome rainforest themed interior, with cool waterfall in the pool area. The hotel has the standard Vegas feature, but one facet I thought was a interesting was the topless lounge outside called "Bare." It seems to be popular with European tourists who favor no tops....
3	Finally got enough time to catch up on my Las Vegas trip...We stayed at the Mirage right on the strip, pretty nice hotel.  I had not been to vegas in probably 13 yrs so I remember things a big differently.  I noticed that everything was totally in excess, i guess it wouldn't be vegas if they didn't go over the top and dangle their sacks (of money, duh) on our face just to show us how much money they have floating around in vegas.  I liked the way the mirage was decorated and layed out, everything was pretty straight forward, and if you got lost keep walking in one direction and you'll eventually hit a wall and just move along the wall.  Also, boo on the volcano not working.Our room was pretty nice and comfy.  I really liked the oversize chair that was in the room, great place to catch monday night football on.  Boo on their no HD service to a HD tv set, nothing I can't stand more than standard def on a HD TV, even if the Tv can only do 720p.The buffet was my biggest disappointment.  I wanted to do some damage there, since I lost all my money at the casino.  I realized though that is pretty tough to do some damage at a casino that charges 20 bux for the buffet.  Nothing really special, just your standard food stations, kind of boring.  Next time I'm going to check out the other casino's buffets, but i'll probably stay at the Mirage because of it's central location on the strip.
4	*My review is for the casino only*We had reservations here, but Venetian came through with free nights, hmmmm,  yeah, no cost hotel = more shopping and gambling $.  No real decision there!I do love this casino though, it smells good, comes with great cocktail service, and they have a great bank of progressive VP!  So we sat ourselves down and in no time at all, WOOOOHOOOO, Liz hits the progressive royal flush.  In hearts.  On our anniversary!  How cute is THAT??So now the Mirage has a special place in MY heart, hilarious, since there are those who swear I don't even possess one.
5	I don't think I can find a single bad thing to say!  We got a great deal, something like $80 a night in July.  Did the $20 trick and was enjoying a strip-view room at 1PM on Saturday.Restaurants were great (Japonais: pricey but tasty.  New burger joint:  AWESOME!).  The pool was perfect, although in July it was just too damn hot for us to stay outside.Spent enough time in the casino to get the $10 dealers to know me by name.  Even won enough money to pay for tattoo at Vince Neil Ink (see separate review). Location is perfect.  Right across from Venetian, TI, even a Mickey D's and Chipotle is right there.  Take a walk down to O'Sheas for some cheap craps and Beirut ("beer pong").We even did the corny Tiger and Dolphin tour.  Only regret is not checking out Bare on Monday, but like I said it was too damn hot.The Mirage is friggin' awesome.  Makes you feel almost like a rockstar without emptying your bank account.  We're headed back this spring for sho.
5	I havent stayed in very many casinos along the strip, prior to The Mirage, I have only stayed at NY NY and The Venetian (which are both amazing hotels btw!) My stay here at the mirage was awesome!! We stayed in a penthouse suite!! They have private elevators for the suites in which you need a key card to go up to the suite.The room was amazing!! It was huge!!! =) lol.I LOVED the bathroom, it was beautiful and since i dont have a big bathroom like that at home, I took my sweet ass time getting ready. =p It has a shower, a hot tub, his and her sinks, walk in closet, toilet (duh!), and a bidet or is it bedet! (sp?) The living room area was huge, very comfy, with a bar on the side, two rooms in the suite, both beds were so comfrotable!! you can easily sleep 3-4 ppl on there. Our view was on the freeway lol, but it wasnt bad!I enjoyed my stay here, the hotel service was excellent! =) McDonalds is right across the street from the hotel, which is super convinient for the late night munchies after all the alcohol consumption! I would love to stay here again in the future...
2	checkin/checkout is really slow and crowded with the huddled masses, public areas are very smokey, restaurants are over priced, wish we had stayed at the venetian.
4	Oh no the white lions are gone. I always remember seeing the white lion enclosure at the entrance to the Mirage once you get inside the casino. I don't know if they're gone for good or if they moved to another location in the casino. Instead of watching the lions scratch themselves and devour raw meat, there's a new, "hip" burger restaurant with a modest looking yet bored, snooty hostess. So that's the direction Vegas is going but c'mon, nothing beats white lions.Years ago, the Mirage was the best place in Vegas. But now I see how the place has taken a step back. It still has great restaurant, one of the best sportsbooks in town, but you can see that it's still a little small and a little outdated. Overall, it's still a great place to stay and have a little fun. It's still in the middle of the Strip and that's always good. So there's probably more changes to happen at the Mirage for it to reclaim its former glory. A high, high recommendation.
4	My family used to stay at the Mirage all the time before 2001.  The last time we stayed, we knew it was time to move on since:1)  They still use actual keys (not card keys) to unlock hotel rooms.2)  Everything in the room, from the bathroom to the bed is outdated.3)  Seigfried and Roy don't perform anymore! :(Despite all that, I still love Mirage.  It holds a special place in my heart just because it's always "been there for me", whether it's the nostalgic volcano show, a restroom I need to use (one right next to club Jet, after the escalators from the parking structure), or the V.I.P. room.  Now the V.I.P. room is what I'm talking about.  You go in and there are basically couches and chairs for you to lounge in; and a bar with little snacks such are biscuits, cookies, and other desserts.  Refrigerated soda, juice, and water in bottles and cans are also available underneath the bar in the cabinets.  And all that for FREE.  That's what I'm talking about, living the good life :)
5	Staying at the Mirage was quite a trippy experience... I remember staying here with my family when I was about 8 years old.  Now, 15 years later, I'm paying to stay here myself.  And I'm glad I chose to come back, because I can finally appreciate the Mirage for everything it is.I stayed in a 2BR Penthouse Suite.  I originally booked a Tower Suite but they hooked up a free upgrade to the top floor... +2 stars right there.My bathroom was humoungous.  Seriously though, just the main part of the bathroom had enough floorspace to fit a kingsize bed.  Dual sinks, huge tub, and big shower.  Bathroom hallway with a separate toilet/bidet room, large walk-in closet, and empty dressers.The toiletries were very nice, and the amenities were excellent.  My girlfriend said that the blowdryer in the bathroom is worth almost $200... not that it mattered to me.  But pretty cool nevertheless.The beds were super comfortable.. I slept better than at home... and the bedding was clean and soft.  The furnishings in the living room were also very nice, and room service kept our room clean and stocked with fresh towels.  I loved the couches... they were super-comfy.  The TV's are all old CRT's (no Plasmas or LCDs everywhere) but that's fine, we don't need to watch TV in Vegas anyway.  The stereo system (with a real receiver) was great for bumping the party music, and being on the penthouse floor, we were able to stay up late and be loud without anybody complaining.  They also did not charge me for a roll-in cot I asked for (had a couple friends staying in the living room).  +1 star for general satisfaction with the suite.Check-in and Check-out were quick and efficient.  The bell service was very quick with our bags too.  Valet found my car within 15 minutes even though I had lost my valet ticket sometime during the drunken stupor of 72 hours in Vegas.  +1 star for good in/out service.Two days before arriving, we decided to buy some tickets for the Beatles Love show.  However, the only tickets remaining on the website were for very crappy seats and very overpriced.  I called the concierge service at the hotel and informed them of my dilemma.  Once they verified my hotel reservations, the concierge was able to get me excellent reserved seats for a ridiculously good price (they were about $30 less per ticket and 6 rows closer than I could find online). They were also able to help me check availibitly at a couple of MGM Grand restaurants, though I didn't end up making any reservations.  +1 star for the helpful concierge desk.All in all, I was very pleased with my experience at the Mirage.  Even though it's one of the older casinos on the strip, everything is still quite nice, without the pretentiousness of other places.  There's a good reason why the high-roller room at the Mirage is always waaay more packed than any other 4-5 star hotel on the strip.  I definitely felt like I had a 5 star experience.
2	Yes, they did add the face lift to the room - however, the bathroom remain small and the room just doesn't have the taste of luxury.  I think the only reason you'd stay here is for the proximity to the rest of the strip.  We stayed here this trip only because the comedy festival was at Caesar's Palace and noway in hell I was going to stay there.  A quick 10 min walk was all it took each night back and forth.  No worries about getting a cab after the mob scene of 3000 leaves each show.My biggest complain about the room - it's dirty!!  Yes, it's 100% bad housekeeping!!  The first day we walked in, there was lint all over the carpet.  So much so the husband actually thought it was part of the carpet.  The only way we found out it wasn't was 'coz the next day, they actually vacuumed!!  Ridiculous!  The second day, I found a strand of LONG hair in the toilet.  I don't have long hair and the husband certainly doesn't.  YUK!!  At least it was a free room for us but I certainly wouldn't go back.
4	I hadn't  been to the Mirage since the 90's, so I was excited to see the renovations. To be honest, this place really is the best value for your money. Spent a few nights here for 80bux a night and was very satisfied.To make it short and sweet for you, here are the pros and cons:PROS:+ Across the street from Venetian & Palazzo, next to Caesar Palace (Forum Shops!) & Fashion Show Mall+ Rooms JUST renovated, and come equipped with the following: iPod mount, hair dryer, cable flat screen tv, robes, iron/board+ Has two coffee shops located at each end of the hotel+ Shuttle in back of hotel entrance to Treasure Island + Tram in front of valet entrance to Treasure Island+ Discounted LOVE Cirque Du Soleil & Mystere Cirque Du Soleil if you are a guest here (buy one ticket, get one FREE of which is a great deal!)CONS:- Rooms do not have coffee machine which is quite odd- Room Bathroom amenities are barebone (only shampoo/conditioner, bar of soap)- The white tigers are no longer free to watch by the large glass window, you now have to walk to the pool area and enter a small "park section" and pay an admission of $15 to see the white tigers, this was such a pisser- DO NOT DINE HERE! Unless you want to eat at California Pizza Kitchen, the buffet is below average and the restaurants have mediocre food with expensive prices. Overall I had a great experience here (minus the food) and you can't ask for more when you get good, clean rooms at a good price. The location is also hard to beat, you are by the best shopping & best clubs.
4	We have yet to stay at the Mirage, but we always stop by here to gamble.  A couple of years ago I won $400 on a double diamond quarter machine, so always come back to try again.  The casino is always busy, especially during the evenings.  Cocktail service has been very good on recent trips.We have enjoyed visiting the dolphin habitat/secret garden several times.  The cost is $15 to enter the exhibit, which really isn't too bad considering you're paying Vegas prices.  The dolphins are entertaining to watch, but the large cats are usually asleep and mostly out of view during the daytime.I first saw the volcano "explosion" the year the Mirage opened in the early 90's.  It was exciting to watch then, and I always look forward to everytime we come to town.  It was out of operation for renovations when we were there in July and October this year.  I hear it's back in operation again, new and improved.  Looking forward to seeing the new version in 2009.  I would like to stay in one of the remodeled rooms next year.  That may become a reality because of the very reasonable room rates offered online these days.  We'll see.
2	If I only had to judge the Mirage by its remodeled rooms, it would definitely get 4 stars from me. However, I'm basing it on the entire experience and here's how it went.We arrived well after the 3pm check in time. My friend had requested an upgrade for me but the gal who checked me in didn't mention it at all, nor did she say 'sorry we can't offer it to you' or anything to that effect. Just no mention. She did however mention the fact that it was our 10 yr anniversary and said she was giving us a bottle of complimentary champagne. Oh well, better than nothing right?So we go up to the room and guess what? Housekeeping was IN the room cleaning up. I was super pissed now. I was exhausted and really just wanted to relax, but instead, I went back downstairs and had the gal give me another room. OK, so back up again and I called my friend who requested an upgrade for us and he informed me that he had arranged for the upgrade to a suite and for me to call back down to the front desk. So I called and found out that the suites only had one bed and we needed two, so we decided to just decline the offer and stay where we were.About an hour in the room, we get a call from the front desk asking us if we were going to upgrade. Hubby was like "WTF? Don't they communicate amongst each other?". We had to tell them NO. Believe it or not, after a few more hours, some housekeeping manager comes to our room, knocks and then opens our door. When she saw us inside she was taken aback and then asked us "you're leaving tonight right?" I was like "NO, we JUST checked in today".So I was really annoyed with this whole check-in process and even more so by the fact that they were all clueless. We did eventually get our complimentary champagne, but we weren't in the room and it was left outside when we returned later that night. Wasn't anything special -- something we'd never heard of .... we never drank it, brought it home still unopen.Now to the room itself. I liked the large plasma tv in the room which accommodated our Wii. There is a mount for your iPod which is nice if you brought your's along. Bathrooms were much smaller than other hotels, but it was alright.... I don't spend a lot of time in there so it doesn't really matter to me. The beds were very comfortable and they had the nice quilt blankets which I like. I hate those polyester blankets with a passion and I don't stay in hotels which have those if I can help it.There is a mini bar in the room but don't touch it at all costs. The gal told me at check in that it's weight sensored and if you touch it you'll be charged. Hubby looked at the menu -- $4 for a can of diet coke, $71 for the Hennessey and mind you, it's the little teenie bottle -- SHUDDUP! RIGHT?The hotel itself shows its age. The young man said it felt "Hawaiian-ish" in the lobby which I guess is true. The casino was really boring. I spent 2 nights in there on the slots but since this is an older hotel, the casino itself isn't very big so everything is jam packed into this small space. I got bored pretty quickly, and even though I spent  2 nights there, it was only for a few hoursOn our last night I called down to see if they could offer us an extra night at the same rate. The woman who picked up the phone was very curt and sounded impatient. She said "this is our rate" and that's that. I thought it was interesting how at a time like this, when occupancy rate is down and the entire economy of the country is in such shambles, that they'd rather have an empty room than fill it, and also, the display of such bad customer service is laughable.The only thing I liked about this hotel was the room, but then hubby thought it was smaller than the other hotels we've stayed at on the strip but gives off the illusion that it was larger due to furniture placement. For me, I was more appalled at the customer service from check in to check out (which thankfully we did over the tv so I didn't have to deal with another moronic staff member) rather than the room itself. For the same price, you can get better service and better all around on the strip than the Mirage.
5	Love love loved the poker room here! The boy and I played just a few hours on two separate nights, but found the action to be ridiculously soft and easy to make money!! The players are friendly, a good mix of aggressive young guns and super tight older folk, but they all seemed incredibly willing to call down to the river with a second best hand. Yay! The boy sat down to play a little blackjack on our final night and we won at least 10 hands in a row. I wish I got that dealers name because he needs one serious raise. He busted so many times though, its more likely he'll get fired.
5	I stayed here twice, in 2007 and 2008. Both times were excellent. We stayed in the older rooms back in 2007 but they were still in good condition. In 2008, I stayed in the new room which were way comfortable. Later in the trip I booked a room in the Penthouse suite. Awesome view but a little dated. The renovation was to begin later in the year. Overall, great location and nice rooms. Oh yea, definitely a great pool!
3	Overpriced. With that said this is a significant step up from say, The Stratosphere. Rooms are fairly basic with no bells or whistles, but the casino itself is fairly well kept and extravagant. Cool reception aquarium, tiger den, Beatles lounge, and volcano show out front. All food is overpriced, but cheap eats across the street. Very tight on comps! Pool was pretty good, but be careful ordering drinks. We got some massive mojitos that were like sugar water and cost 20 bucks a pop. Not sure about Bare, but probably not as cool as it sounds.This place is flashy to an extent, but you pay to enjoy it. No real handouts
4	This is a fabulous four-star hotel/casino, and with the economy the way it is, you can get it for a two-star price.  I recently paid $60 a night.  So, get a slot card and wait for the deals to be mailed to you.The gambling isn't bad here:  $10 minimum on blackjack, interesting slot games.  Lots of things to look at, like the tiger's lair, grottoes and restaurants.
4	WOW! I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel!  I honestly didn't expect much when my mom told me she booked the Mirage for our vegas trip.  I hadn't been here since I was younger and I was hoping we would stay at Paris instead.  We pulled into the parking lot to selfpark because we were leaving really soon and we could valet later.  We ended up parking next to another 4runner.  I got out and I stepped in all this glass.  I looked and realized the 4runner was missing its window!! yup it was broken into crazy shattered and stuff had been taken.  That is when we moved our car to valet.  It was around 12:30pm and check in is at 3pm but we had a scheadule to follow so we decided to try to check in early.  To our luck we got our room.  We went up to the 6th floor where our room was located and I was VERY pleased.  The room was spacious wayyy bigger then the rooms at Paris Or PlanetHollywood and for WAAAAAAY cheaper.  The bed was also comfy and the pilllows were awesome!  The curtains are also seriously amazing if I was a heavy sleeper I would have slept the whole day not knowing when it was morning because not a peep of sun shone thru.  We also did a majority of our slot playin @ the mirage and we were VERY lucky.  shoot with around $100 we came up around $800 very nice plus we played for a long time.  Everything about our stay was pleasant and at the end we only paid $80 ( thats with tax) a nite! niiiice def dont mind staying here again!! loved it!
2	I agree with many yelpers on the cleanliness of the bathroom.  It's definitely not spotless...and I really don't need to see brown spots on the bath mat or hair in the tub.  Walls are thin and you'll hear noises outside your room.  T]But, the rooms are nice, and the renovations look good. Personally, I love staying at The Hotel at Mandalay, and would probably spend a little more to have more luxurious accomodations and nicer dealers in the casino.  Although, I'll give the Mirage the nod in terms of location, I think it's situated closer to more things on the strip; I wouldn't stay here again.
4	Overall this a great hotel in Las Vegas.  Casino is huge and plenty of  tables to lose you cash at.  Their sportsbook is in good shape and comparable to the Bellagio.  I spent about 10 hours in a black leather chair there losing every possible bet.  They have a deli... I forget the name, but they have bad ass Rueben Sandwiches.  My gramps and I split one and we were both stuffed.
4	I read most of the reviews on here before deciding on where to stay in Vegas. Despite some of the one-star reviews I read here, I ended up picking the Mirage anyway since we got a good deal on their website--$88/night for a tower deluxe room. I was really glad with my decision. We had an awesome room, especially for the price. It was definitely remodeled with a huge bathroom and a great view. Since we were on the 25th floor, we had our own elevators, which was also awesome. It's in a great location, right in the middle of everything, and we were able to walk everywhere. We also were able to rent a car at the front desk for a day trip to the Grand Canyon. There are definitely better casinos in Vegas though. I thought the Mirage's casino was a bit too smoky. The restaurant selection is okay, but again, there are definitely better restaurants in Vegas. We tried BLT Burger, which was pretty good. Otherwise, there's a California Pizza Kitchen and an overpriced Carnegie Deli. I wanted to try Stack, but it was closed the whole week I was there. The volcano show is also neat and we got to watch it every night from our room. Overall, a nice hotel and a decent casino. Even if I paid more for my room, I would have been pleased.
4	120 bucks for a penthouse suite!  stayed here for 3 nights and it was 3 nights that i did not regret.  the suite was HUGE!!  service was quick and speedy.  only gripe i have against this place is because the elevators are at the back end of the entrance. you have to walk pretty far just to get there, through all the people smoking and gambling.  i wish they put the elevators closer to the front desk as it would eliminate a lot of walking.
4	I'm very happy with our stay at the Mirage.There's a Deli in the casino called the Carnegie Deli, little expensive but I was surprised at the amount of food!  jeeez!  My ham and egg sandwich was humongous... like an omelet on bread with cheese... soo good too.The room was really nice and fresh lookin? as in modern and clean.  We were south wing, 3rd floor, single bed.  I'm reading these reviews of small bathrooms... eh it wasn't huge but my girlfriend and I fit in nicely and the shower was roomy and there was enough counter space for all her stuff so... seems good to me.The bed was really comfy... one of those pillow-top posterpedic things I think.The aquarium is sweet.. so want a 1/10th of that in my house :)  We also went out back to the Tigers and lions and dolphin thing.  $15/ea wasn't that much damage and got reeeeaaally up close to the dolphins.  There was just a baby born a couple months back too so got to see that.  Also there was Java, a 9 week old leopard that was cool to see - don't get many of those.Out with the younger tigers there was a trainer guy inside the pen answering tons of questions and giving some really useful information about the tigers and how they care for them, where those ones came from (Florida evidentally) and he was cool to have around for inquiring minds.Overall I really enjoyed our stay at the Mirage and I'll be back in the future.
4	*this review is only for the casino, not the hotel.Nice ambiance, great casino.  my friends and I all split up and had great times.  they had $5 blackjack tables!!!!  the dealer we had was awesome, and very accommodating to my noob friends and I.  Minus a star because it was FREEEEEZING.
4	My parents always get comped rooms at the Mirage, so I can't complain. The room is free. The rooms are nicer than most. The restaurants are all yummy. For some reason, all my relatives are really lucky here. So I 'm a fan!!!I would recommend this hotel solely on the location. It is close to all the happenings.
5	BoooYaaaa!!! Up $500 in three hours at the poker tables... Not that that is unusual with my experience, but awesome none the less. My girlfriend saw the Beatles "Love" Cirque De Sole show and I played my little heart out in the beautiful poker room. Everyone had a great time and I only wish we didn't have rooms at The Palms because this is one of the nicer casinos in Vegas. Didn't get to eat, but this place is super friendly, clean and fun.A+
3	Somehow, in six trips to Vegas, this was my first stop at the Mirage; we ate lunch next door at Treasure Island.  It's nothing to write home about, but we had a good time until the last hour.  We found $10 minimum pai gow tables at 1 pm on a Saturday.  They raised the mins to $25 around 5 pm, but of course we were grandfathered in.  The whole time, the dealer alternated between Helen and Theresa.  We liked Helen, but Theresa was a bit bristly.  Then when we started to smoke cigars, she got really bitchy, stopping all banter, constantly telling us to hold them under the table, making annoyed body language, etc.  I hate cigarette smoke, so I understand, and we were as courteous as possible, but come on--you work in a casino.  Get over it.  Her sour attitude really killed the fun atmosphere that we had going.Three other things:  1.  They serve Glenlivet here, one of the rare casinos where you can get single-malt scotch on the main floor.  But three of us agreed that it had a strange aftertaste.  We decided that it was probably Glenlivet based on the nose and initial taste, but perhaps they don't clean their glasses well enough?2.  They have handy shoulder-level shelves above the urinals in the men's room--to keep your drink nice and high and out of danger.3.  The cigars were comped without a fuss, but they were labelled with the Mirage logo, so I don't know what brand they were.  They were okay, smooth but maybe a little bland.
4	In all my trips to Vegas, last week was the first time I stayed here. I came with the fams, and my mom had a free room voucher she wanted to use, so alas we ended up here. Considering we got a free room, registration felt it was necessary to give us a room on the 16th floor with a view of some buildings and part of the pool. the view was whatever to me, but you see access to certain floors are divided among 4 sets of elevators. Access to floors 9-16 were assigned on one of them. If you don't see where I'm getting at, picture this:Our room is the last floor accessible going up and down. It doesn't help when you're going up and there's others in the elevator that are getting out on floors 9-15. It also doesn't help when going down that there's a stop on every floor going 15-9. It wasn't like that all the time, but 2 to 3 stops in each direction guaranteed. FML.Besides that, my other annoyance with the Mirage is the volcano show. After hearing about the improvements and watching it at night, I was thoroughly disappointed. Its one of those "That's it?!" moments. Now onto the good stuff. $5 minimum craps tables for most of the day up until midnight. Jet is a fun nightclub to go to. Apparently I heard Aubrey O'Day from Danity Kane was supposed to be there on Friday night to celebrate her birthday, but I left for home that evening. They did a lot of interior remodeling for their rooms to make it look modern and stuff, almost Ikea status. Well not really, because there's a catalog in the room that tells you exactly what came from where and where to buy that stuff should you feel like copying the room. I'm pretty sure the beds were pillowtops too. I do enjoy their buffet Cravings, but I was kinda turned off from trying it last week because the food wasn't that great. Maybe because it was a weekday lunch menu. Whenever I see Japonais I chuckle to myself over a name like that for a restaurant. Location is key alone the strip, and the Mirage is in the middle of it all. Short walks to Wynn/Encore, Caesar's, Venetian/Palazzo, and the Fashion Show Mall. There's also a walkway that will lead you to a crosswalk to Harrah's, the side where McDonald's and Chipotle are. Sweet. Mirage has been around for a long time, and after all this time, it still doesn't disappoint. I'd stay here again.
4	Some of the nicest rooms in Vegas for the price.  Just like the ones in Vegas Vacation!  Yes, I notice these things.Getting through the lobby can be daunting with all the crowds with place draws.  They have one of the coolest front desk/check in areas with the aquarium.  One of the cute girls at guest services gave my friend and I the rundown on the coolest nightspots around.  She was dead on.
4	Mirage is a good hotel. I got a room at a cheap price, and it came with a buffet credit at Cravings and 2 free tickets to the Habitat thing in the hotel, so I basically got my money's worth. I wanted to take a look at Bare, but there was no time to go swimming in the nude. The room was nice, surprisingly comfortable. For the price I paid, I wasn't expecting the bed to feel that good either. The volcano was still in its renovation period when I came recently. Can anyone tell me if it's better now than in the past shows?
4	The suite here is actually pretty good and definitely a lot cheaper than the rooms at Bellagio hotels. Although, the views are not as nice, but you definitely get more for what you paid for. For merely $80 more you can get a suite here with full on spa bath, living room with a giant flat screen TV a giant bed. The amenities were great and service was outstanding. Highly suggested if you're looking for a comfy stay in Vegas.
3	Feb 2009We booked the Mirage only b/c it was pretty central on the strip and only pool opened. Room:We got upgraded to a "deluxe suite". I really wonder what a regular room looks like. This is the only hotel that didn't supply a coffee maker and the bathroom was tiny. We got this through expedia so maybe they cheaped out on us.Walking to the guest elevators each day and night was such a stretch even with cutting through the casino floor. Transportation:We like catching a taxi via the back door in order to avoid the lines in the front (and the strip traffic) but the staff back there wasn't helpful and did not want to get us a cab. Love the tram that connects Mirage and TI. Just note the hours in case you go clubbing in high heels. We were so tired one night that we had to cab it even though the walk would have taken us 5 minutes in flats. In heels...one bloody long night with broken toes, etc.Pool:Loved it.  Restroom was large and clean. Whirlpool was nice. Bad: long walk from the guest elevators, hours (10-4pm).Other:Can't believe you have to pay $15 to see the lions and dolphins. Water and other drinks cost $3. Go to Walgreens and stock up.
5	For my first trip to Vegas, I stayed at the Mirage. I was very pleasantly surprised! We had a really nice room... newly renovated with a nice flat screen TV. (Although I will have to say that the bathroom was just OK.) And the had a gorgeous pool... too bad it was still too cold to lay out. One thing, though, is the pool/hot tub was only open from 9 am- 4 pm. I thought that was kind of odd. And, I thought the location was perfect! It was close to many of the nice hotels and not too inconvenient to go anywhere on the strip. Plus, I love that in the casino they had a video roulette machine right when you walk downstairs... and it even had a double chair!
5	Still a great place to stay and gamble.
3	Great price. Rooms are renovated and comfortable.  Got an  to a "private floor" however never had to use the key to access it, as they said, so doesn't seem very private.  Couldn't get the wireless internet to work, they offered to send someone up, but being here on business didn't really have time for that.  Check in was slow.  A tad loud in the halls in the mornings.  Good central location.  Weird sort of faux furry pillow thing on my bed.  It's orange and looks like a creepy giant macaroni with cheese.  Whoever designed that needs help.
2	The volcano show sucked!
4	Yay for the Recession!!!My room was only $95/night. Total Sweeet.I got a non-smoking w/ a king size bed. The room was fairly pimp. One king size bed + 40" flat screen TV in front of it, a desk for your laptop or whatever, two drawers on the side of the bed.Bathroom was clean and I got new soap + shampoo every day even though I barely used the ones from the day before. Some hotels don't replace them daily (aka Imperial Palace).The food was pretty expensive downstairs. Everything usually came out to at least $20 per person. Even for one quesadilla + ice tea. Hamburgers + fries were $20+.I ordered room service, some strawberries to be delievered in the morning. The total came to: strawberries + room service fee + tax + tip. Aw well.I'd stay there again if it's cheap like this.
4	This is one of the hotels in vegas I always get stay for free. In that case, there's not much to complain. They really know how to take care their VIP customers... They got one of the hottest club in vegas Jet nighclub close next to the lobby area. It's so convinient to stay there, go back to your room after partying. other than that they have couple pretty nice bars & lounges too.  their 2 bedroom penthouse suite is absolutely beautiful.. great for families & b-day parites.  beautiful view too. I really enjoyed staying there, and definitly I will go back .
4	I stayed at the Mirage this past weekend with two girlfriends. Because my friend had vouchers to use for an MGM property, we each paid next to nothing for a deluxe strip view room on the 19th floor. The view was awesome and I snapped some good pics. The room itself is a very standard hotel room and the bathroom is pretty small. We had a problem with some of the outlets in the room not charging our cell phones very well. The self park area is a bit hidden, but allows you to enter the hotel near JET. This was lucky for us because we had barely taken ten steps in the Mirage when we were approached by a JET host who put us on the guestlist and gave us wristbands for free drinks until midnight. Normally I am skeptical of such an offer, but it actually worked out really well and we had a fun night.Check-in was quick; the concierge was very helpful in assisting us obtain dinner reservations at Japonais; and our floor was very quiet. The pool area is a nice little oasis, although the drink waitresses did not come around very often. Are there better rooms in Vegas? Yep. But if you are looking for a room in a good location on the Strip with a manageable sized casino and lots of dining/nightlife options, the Mirage is a good choice.
2	Dear Mirage,It is with great sadness that I write this.  I have loved you for many years.  I always chose you over the others.  You were special.  From your tropical decor and aromatherapy- to the tiger habitat.  I even had my wedding reception with you.  Well, it's been a few years and I am shocked and disappointed at what you have become.  I could almost say that you are close to sleazy.  Yes, I know that you're trying to stay "hip" with your new art deco rooms with orange accessories that could trigger a migraine.  Sure, it's probably hard to control the odor of cigarettes and beer in the casino. But- somehow you used to do it. The Wynne does it, as does Bellagio, Venetian, Pallazzo and many others.But what I really found distasteful was the new Revolutions Club where anyone walking past- on the way to the elevator- was given a show of half naked go-go dancers.  You know I'm not a prude.  There are some women that enjoy going to a strip club with their man and I say "you go girl".  That's their choice.  But I'm not one of those women.  I don't like anything pushed in my face.  And I do mean "pushed in my face".  The dancers are in little arched doorways between the casino and the club.I know it's Vegas, but I expected a little more class from you Mirage.Good bye forever.
5	you're preeeettttyyyyyyy...5stars for caging wild animals...tee hee (they're gone now though)5stars for ridiculously absurd volcano show5stars for the tropical waterfalls & queer gargantuan aquarium 5stars for lilting aroma upon entering/plenty of oxygen from tropical plants5stars for location location location5stars can't beat the pricewow i still hate vegas thoughevil evil place
1	The Mirage.. I will not be returning to you!.. I stayed at the hotel with my fiance in late January and hated every moment.  I seriously felt that I was in a funeral parlor at times.  The rooms were yuck.. a nasty cordouroy pillow, awful view and the smallest bathroom in the world!.. I would have rather stayed at Motel 8!! The only highlight of my trip was going to CPK at the hotel!! NEVER EVER AGAIN
5	My stay here was perfect! My boyfriend and i stayed for 5 days last week. Everyday the bedding was changed and made up. Garbage's were emptied and carpet vacuumed. I found the bathroom surprisingly small, but when you're only using it to shower, brush teeth and quickly get ready for a day out, it works just fine. The house keeping staff were very friendly. Smiling and saying good morning or hello as you passed. The pool is amazing. I spent almost every morning there. The layout of mirage is easy to get around. There aren't many choices for shopping, but i found it a benefit as it kept the people traffic down to a minimum.I will definitely be coming back for another stay at Mirage.
3	For being a 4 star hotel in Vegas, the Mirage really needs to have more than 3 front desk personnel for checking people in, especially when the line was out the door! We checked into the hotel at 9pm, and the front desk staff weren't able to accommodate us for our king size bed room on a higher floor, instead he gave us a room which had 2 queen sized beds on the 4th floor. They did a pretty decent job on revamping the rooms, but the bathroom was very small, and the walls were paper thin, I can hear people walking by and talking throughout the night and early in the morning. The next day, we called down stairs to asked for a room change, which they agreed to, but instead of saving us the hassle and offered to move the luggage from our old to the new room for us, they wanted us to checked our luggage down stairs, and wait in line to check in again later in the day, since the room wasn't ready yet. In any rate, they did give us the room we requested, and on the 17th floor, the decor was a bit newer than the room from previous night, but I can still can hear music playing from the night clubs downstairs from the 17th floor! Over all the room was nicely decorated, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was way too small, the water pressure on the shower was low, the elevators were very slow and made crackling noises, the people at the front desk weren't friendly~ I would stay somewhere else next time, unless they can comped the room again. PS. For those of you who can't stand cigarettes smell, well, you just have to try to hold your breath walking through the casino...like I did~
3	Nice hotel rooms...big bathroom and great toilettries left for you. It was nice to have non smoking floors, but it is set up so that you have to walk through some heavy smoke to get in or out. Hotels in Vegas are this way but others do a better job with the ventilation.  A safe in the room was great and a mini bar but no frig. Getting info on hotel ammenities was difficult. For example, to find out anything about the spa/salon, you have to physically go there for prices, etc.  The dolphin/tiger exhibit was nice and the location of the hotel on the strip is great.  Internet access is $15/day so we just used our phones. Don't reccomend the Caribe cafe for breakfast...or probably any other meal. It was expensive and not very good.
4	Stayed at the Mirage between April 9-13, 2009. We got in on a Thursday afternoon and check in was a breeze. Early check-in was readily available. I asked the girl at the front desk if the room had a fridge aside from the mini bar and she told me she could get one up to my room at no additional cost. It was to my satisfaction and I gave her a tip for being so accommodating. The staff is extremely friendly and the property itself has a very refreshing vibe.We got to our room and it had a contemporary design and a flat screen TV. The bathroom was a bit small, but still nice. There were USB ports and high speed connections ready to use. A big plus, we had several electronic devices during the time. This is my third time staying at the Mirage, 2005, 2006, and 2009 were the times I have stayed at this property and they have given all their rooms a great upgrade. I can appreciate this.Now here's one thing that bugged me a little bit. My buddies and I went down to the swimming pool and there were no chairs available. In the past when I have stayed at the Mirage property, they have had cabana boys who walked around trying to get chairs together and make some room for the late arrivals at the pool. This year, I didn't see anything of the sort. Just extra cocktail waitresses and that was it. So we ended just laying a towel out in front of the pool, but we had a good spot so it didn't bother us much. The cocktail waitress who served us, Camille was very pleasant. Great Mojitos! Give them a try.Now for the gambling. Their dealers seem to be very friendly and I was up the first couple of days I'd say about 300 bucks on roulette but I went down about 400 the next couple of days. Had a lot of fun, but losing kinda sucked, oh well. If you're looking for a property with high ceilings and a brighter, more contemporary feel to it, I would recommend a different casino because Mirage is somewhat dark and has lower ceilings in the table area. But a lot of that stuff is not important to me. The dealers are the most important aspect in gambling for me so the environment doesn't really phase me.The Mirage has several different places to eat, a couple different clubs (Although not my favorite clubs, Jet sucks) and is a very well-rounded property. It's not as extravagant as some of the new properties, but it's nicer than a lot of the older properties and continues to stay up to date because of the surrounding competition. I would definitely recommend staying at the Mirage to any first time Las Vegas visitor. I have stayed at this property three times now and have been satisfied every time. Great place to get your feet wet for your first time Vegas experience, but I find myself coming back to the Mirage more often than other properties. And you just can't beat the location. It's perfect!
4	Recently stayed at the Mirage in Las Vegas..i will say they have really stepped this place up..it looks so much nicer now that they have renovated and revamped the entire place...The hotel rooms are clean...which to me is super important.  The rooms are spacy and the decor is nice...Each room has an IPOD dock and a large screen plasma mounted on the wall...The bathrooms are a bit small...and the lighting in the rooms kinda stink (for ladies that are trying to look good before heading out.!)The service is pretty top notch, we did get a refridgerator in the room to put our stuff in...the check out and check in process was a breeze.The pool...the regular pool had some chairs left around 9-10 am...not many but did have a few...the music was good and there are servers that will bring you cocktails...there are kids running all over as well too..on the other hand, the Adult pool (BARE), was really a lot of fun...they have very very few chairs...and some bed/cabana style things as well (if you want to pay the price for them)...the drinks are pricey...the girl:guy ratio is 20:1 (yes boys this is where you should be going), the music is good...but overall good times...The food...Onda sucks...Japonais is good...CPK (how do you go wrong) was good...JET is not so good...the coffee shop Roasted Bean is a pretty good coffee place (open 24 hours too!)Overall Mirage was good...its not super posh..but I would stay there again for sure, especially because the location is central....
4	I've stayed at the Mirage many times. I've been here since they first opened and now i heard they have remodeled their rooms. I have yet to stay in their new renovated rooms, but will soon. I've always enjoyed staying here, it's a good location, it's across from Venetian which is also connected to Palazzo...take the connecting bridge and you'll be standing in front of Wynn which also is connected to Encore. Mirage is also right next to Ceasar's Palace where you can visit the Forum Shops..and once you're at Ceasar's you just need to hop on the bridge to get to Bellagio, etc.And for a cheap gambling night.. you have Casino Royal right directly across from the Mirage entrance.Also at the Mirage, you have JET to go to at night, or Revolution to lounge, and there's the buffet, Cravings, which is pretty decent for the price per person. Also they have LOVE cirque du soleil (havent seen it yet, but i heard good things about it, especially if you like The Beatles).It's just a really nice location, in my opinion..i'd stay there any night
4	Didn't actually stay here but our friends did and I was actually really impressed with their room, which reminded me of something you'd get at the W.  The casino/shops/restaurant level ambience is standard las vegas strip nightmare, but I wanted to point out how impressed I was by the rooms. I might well stay here if the price was right.
3	Ok, So I stayed 3 Nights in Early May. It was a guys trip we went to gamble and for the Pacquio Fight.. So I will start off how our trip started off- Valet Parking- Most of the time rather quick, as soon as we pulled up they were there and it took no more than 4 minutes to get the rental car. So Two Thumbs Up. Check in- Ugghh Slowww they have a lot of lines but it moved really slow. I will give them credit because I was there at 11ish and they checked me in, although check in time was 3pm. You have to walk through the tropical rain forest through the slot machines, through the crap tables, through more slots, past the Revolution Lounge then past some shops to FINALLY reach the elevators! To me that was dumb especially when you have to drag your luggage. Now the Mirage usually stays busy so I was hitting people with my suite case and I didn't give a fuck, I had an attitude cause I really do hate people I don't know. So after bullying my way to the elevators, we went up to our room. Room- 11th Floor- Facing North, North Strip View. Usually this would be nice, but our view was obstructed with bird shit. Whateva fucking bird shit on our window had a real bad case of the shits. It wasn't just one splat, it was like 10 splats, I asked my friends if they wanted another room but everyone was tired so we said fuck it and looked at Bird Shit View the entire stay. The Decor was actually kind of nice, weird that we had a purple room but umm it was ok, the double bed room was very spacious, they had a desk with a lot of connections, nobody had to fight to charge their cell, or lap-tap or digi cam. Nice HD TV on the Wall with HD Channels, MINI Bar that we didn't touch because 15 for a can of beer is kinda steep. They had a nice iron (which is always important) luckily this was a guys trip and we don't care about the bathroom but it was really really small! Overall- The room was really nice, beds super comfy, well I think I was soo tired I could have slept on a rock. But the beds did justice after nights of partying and gambling. They had a nice ipod docking station in the room. THis came in Handy because we would put on music while getting ready, we pumped it up and never had a complaint! We we're acting a fool. jumping on beds and the room held up pretty well. Haa. The Casino was ok- Mostly $10 mins a few $5 mins.. The only thing we ate was the buffet, it was ok for 20 bucks... Did justice. We spend a day at the pool- didn't get a cabana but found pool chairs easily. I was not impressed with the pool at all.. Kinda of boring if you ask me. MGM pool, MB Pool and Flamingo pool are a lot nicer. The sports Book was nice, comfy seats nice and spread out- Oh wait I did eat at the Carnegie Deli, Lil pr icy but it was good, it was the only thing open when i stumbled in one night at like 4am I think. I don't know what I had but it was open and I remember it hit the spot. So overall- The Mirage is nice, it's showing it's age and I'm not sure If I will stay here again, I like kind of a rowdy crowd and the crowd here was kind of lame!!! Even the Pool Scene Sooo Lame... NO Music at the Pool nothing.. I think I may have scene like 10 looking chicks at the pool that day . Blahhhh. Overall- Great Trip- Great Fight- Great seeing that English Bum Ricky Hatton getting KNOCKED THE FUCK OUT in the 2nd Round!!! Good times in Vegas. Ok times at the Mirage..
4	The hotel famously known for Siegfried & Roy and the white tigers. I stayed here over this past weekend. My experience here was pretty satisfying. The regular room seemed like it just got a facelift. The penthouse was obviously nice but it did lack some new flat screen tv's. The location of the hotel is also perfect, a central hub to the Las Vegas strip. We were able to walk to nearby hotels within minutes. This hotel is clean, classy, and considered as one of the "OGs" of Vegas.The staff was professional and friendly. Alicia checked us in and if her manager was around, I would definitely give her boss a compliment about her. Checking in/out was no problem.They also have an adult's pool area in this hotel for those of you who are looking for a topless joint. I believe it's called Bare. I believe that you might need to be staying at the hotel to get in to that.If you want to do something different or have the kids/family with you, try checking out their dolphin's exhibit.The only downfall: Jet (the club downstairs) didn't want to help us much besides the fact that we were staying in their hotel. They still wanted to charge everyone $30. Then again, it was the weekend. Who knows.
4	The Mirage has undergone a modest evolution of late, but the wonderful location, beautiful atrium, and fantastic pool remain the same. The rooms have undergone a terrific remodeling job. Like most hotels that have remodeled, they've ditched the themed rooms in favor of a basic modern motif. However, I actually liked the retro-modern redesign of the rooms, which now boast plush mattresses, a flat screen TV, and dark woods with accents of colors like pink and orange. Now to the bad news. The bathrooms, while remodeled with nice granite counters and tile accents around the mirror, are still tiny. Fine for a solo traveler, but not ideal for a couple or family. And here's the deal breaker for me, as a light sleeper. You can hear EVERYTHING from these rooms. Every door that closes, every word uttered in the hallway, the maids knocking on doors and saying "Room keeping," the halls being vacuumed. It's a light sleeper's worst nightmare. That said, the Mirage is still a great choice for most, due to its ideal mid-Strip location, excellent pool, and probably the nicest rooms for the money of any four star on the strip.
4	Location matters in Vegas. If you plan on partying at XS, Lavo, Tao, Pure, etc, there is no better location for the money in Vegas. Assuming you're not paying Palazzo, Wynn or Caesars prices, this place is a killer value ! Rooms: The decor was AWFUL. The hallways are a serene black, red, and beige palette. You walk into the room and you're accosted with hot pink and purple. EVERYWHERE. The art, the drapes, the bed, the chair.. all neon pink and purple. Honestly I think it's a sad attempt at making sure people don't stay in their rooms and instead gamble.. Who knows. Either way the designers should be shot. The bathroom sucked. It was built in '89 so I can't really fault them for missing the huge bathroom trend, but wow.. it was tiny. Single sink, no robes, itty bitty bathtub. Definitely not a bathroom 2 people can comfortably get ready in at once! Beds are quite important to me and I actually loved the bed. I slept really well and was super comfy. It is the *cushy* bed type, so if you crave a hard bed, look elsewhere. The pool was actually really nice. I could almost ignore the strip in the background pretend I was in Hawaii. As a tip - buy the beers at the gift shop right by the pool for $4 and tote them in (or hell, go to Walgreens if you're feeling uber frugal). Make sure to get the Bud bottles that are aluminum, *not* the glass bottles.. you'll stick out! The same bottles go for $7 at the pool. Overall it's a 3.5 star, but I'm rounding up ! These guys were the first mega-resort in Vegas and I have to give the Mirage props for that. Anytime you can get this place at a significant discount to the luxury properties nearby, it's worth it! This is not a luxury property (imo), but it's great for people looking to spend most nights club hopping and days sitting by the pool. This isn't the kind of place you'd want to lounge around in your room!
3	seeing that all the action is happening at the end of the strip (xs, tao, lavo, tryst, etc..) this is a great location to be in the middle of it all! the room renovations were well done. flat screens, bright bedding, and backlit bathroom mirrors. too bad the same cant be said about their casino or the rest of their hotel. the casino floor still feels like old school vegas, no smoke ventilation, front desk was pretty run down, and their god awful atrium... sucha mess!  ist just a buncha plants everyehwere! nevertheless, the location was pretty spot on, and the prices were reasonable.
4	Beautiful hotel and LOVELy bedding and surroundings I would have easily given this hotel a 5star review, but the housekeeping staff sucked, and really needs to learn how to clean.  Nothing personal but ain't nothing like a good latina or filipina housekeeper!  NUFF said!
4	Good location, but still prefer the newer hotels... although it's hard to beat getting hooked up with a 25th floor suite with a view of the strip!
3	The Mirage is typical Las Vegas, glitzy and garish but in a good way.  I stayed there for one night on a recent trip but be forewarned the casino doesn't have any Wizard Of Oz slots (what no flying monkey bonus?)  The food is uber expensive in the hotel but the rooms are nicely redecorated with sort of a Laugh In retro feel and are pretty comfortable. My room had a lovely view of the parking structure and was at the end of the very long hallway, it was a trek to just get to the elevator from the room.  The went to the  revolution bar where i paid a pretty penny for a Jameson on the rocks but it was cheaper then losing all my playing video poker just to get a "free drink" After check in there is a very long and i mean LONG walk to the hotel elevators so get a bellmen to help you if you have any luggage at all its worth the tip.  The hotel staff was very  friendly all except for the valet, cranky is the word i would use. I had luggage and they basically  just park your car and get your car they wont help you with your bags ... at all... or maybe  the tramp i got just wouldn't help me. bitch i got tip money! overall it was just dandy there especially because i pricelined the room  and got a great  deal if i had paid rack rates i might not have been as happy.
4	The Mirage is a great hotel if you are looking for a nice hotel, in the middle of the strip that doesn't break the bank.  I especially enjoy the Mirage pool and their newly renovated rooms.  The only downside is that their suites are in desperate need of renovation right now as well, and I think they are in the process of doing that, so perhaps my next visit will warrant 5 stars.  If you are looking for a great hotel to have a party (bachelor, bachelorette type thing), then Mirage suites are perfect as they are large and not too expensive.  Don't bother with the Siegrfried & Roy Gardens....for $15 it's a rip-off, however, the "be a trainer for the day with the dolpihns" package sounds cool (but not sure how much that is).  If you do stay at the Mirage, be sure to check out the Beatles LOVE show and BLT Burger.  Japonaise is also awesome. As for gambling....cross the street and play at Imperial Palace for looser slots and cheaper table games.  Good luck and have fun!
4	We were there from June 11-15, 2009, as part of a Southwest Airlines Vacation deal.Pluses:*Nice room with a 42-inch flat screen....which was awesome for watching game 7 of the Stanley Cup finals in Hi-Def.*Cool pool area.  We had some friends in Vegas join us, and their 2 young girls loved playing there.*Early check in.  We arrived there in the morning, and yet they let us get in our room at around 10am.*Easy self-parking.  Yeah, you have to walk a bit, but I think far it's worse at a place like Caesar's or the Luxor.*Cost.  Yeah we had a back-side view on the 17th floor, but it was still a good deal.*Business office -- cool guys that let us make an emergency fax on the house.  Normally, I think they charge $5, but they were cool about it when we said we didn't think that was a fair charge.*Handy Starbuck inside if you need a caffeine fix!!Minuses:*Volcano is pretty "blah".  Yeah, it's free....but I'd rather walk down to the Bellagio and watch that water show 10x before watching the Mirage Volcano.*Bed was a little soft.  I like my matresses firm.  But that could just be me.  Took me til the 3rd and 4th nights to get use to it.*Not many cable TV selections.  Yeah they offer a few in HD, but I was expecting more.  Why can the Super 8 motels offer free HBO and not the Mirage?  Doesn't make any sense!*Sigi and Roy's Dolphin Exhibit was pretty....um....tame!  If we didn't have so much by way of Mirage gift cards, I'd probably say it was a waste of money.  It was decent....just seemed a little pricey.*Cravings Buffet should change their name to Shavings Buffet.  Supposedly, it was one of the Top-10 buffets in Vegas.  If that's the case, then save your $25/person and eat somewhere else.  My wife and I spent $50 at Wolfgang Puck's Lupo (Mandalay Bay), and the meal was better and just as filling as Cravings.  It's not that the buffet is *bad*....just not worth $25.  I'd probably not complain if it was $15/person.  Our $22/person buffet at Mandalay Bay was noticeably better.We don't gamble, so 'no comment' on the casino and betting rooms.All and all, for the price in our vacation package, it provided what we wanted -- a good deal in a nice hotel in a very central location.
4	Probably one of the more well known hotels on the Strip, Mirage sits somewhat near the middle of the glamorous Las Vegas Strip, connected to Treasure Island and fully equipped with a couple of white tigers and mini man made pond/lake thing in the front. I stayed at Mirage for the first time this past weekend and was pleasantly surprised.I figured it would be just a typical overrated hotel, but they were pretty accommodating. We were a group of 6 girls packed into one hotel room. First of all, they didn't ask any questions when we requested 3 extra blankets at an ungodly hour in the morning; they sent someone up right away. We had planned to spend every waking moment of Saturday afternoon poolside, but we found out their pool had exploded or something and was closed down until further notice, so we called front desk and asked where we should go instead. They rerouted us to the MGM pool (it's a sister hotel), saying that they would let us in no problem (usually you have to be a guest of the hotel or pay) and gave us $50 hotel credit for the inconvenience for us to spend on whatever we wanted. Overall, not too shabby and pretty sweet location. I would go back.
4	We booked this hotel for a quick weekend getaway, 2 days 1 night. We chose it because it was the cheapest of all the nicest hotels (that we found). We booked the regular suite for $200 and ended up getting upgraded for free to their tower suite (a $450/night room). The suite was amazing! We heard amazing things about the pool. It wasn't that great. Very crowded, but what can you expect. We went to the Siegfreid & Roy Secret Garden, its $15 to get in and so amazing. They only let a certain number of people in at a time so it wasn't crowded (but it was also right when they opened, so it might be a different story later in the day). This place is truly amazing, you can get so close to the dolphins and all the animals. They are all out, not tucked away under a log where you cant see them. Very much worth the money. The buffet was good. I don't think I'd go there for it if i wasn't staying there. Over all a great experience. Friendly staff. They lack the 5th star because it isn't as great as a lot of the other hotels, with things to see and do inside.
4	This is a totally do-able hotel.  middle of the strip, middle of the road budget, and people of average attractiveness.the pool had a nice oasis set up (very green with a waterfall and little rafts you can rent) but the chlorine tank exploded in the middle of the afternoon, forcing everyone to evacuate.  the unfortunate pool attendees that day were compensated with free entrance to the bellagio and treasure island pools, so i thought the staff handled that debacle pretty well.  the next day, we went to Bare instead of the regular pool, which was a good call and something i would recommend to anyone who is looking for a bit more of a party atmosphere.heres the deal with the music throughout the premises...  i think that the mirage was built in the 90s and im pretty sure the soundtrack hasnt changed since.  i get the nostalgia / ironic value of listening to rod stewart and "safety dance" but after a while you feel as though you are in a time warp.  not a good one.  the rooms are decent, kind of standard for vegas strip rooms, ie "modern" decor and cheesy abstract paintings from target or ikea.  on the last night of the trip we upgraded to the penthouse suite which was totally guady and off the hook.  1,600 square feet of gold glitzy decoration and totally useless and showy pieces of furniture, plus a bathroom the size of an average studio apartment.  the cost?  $400, split between 4 people... not bad.
4	Hotel was defintely a bargain.  Locked up a rate for 5 nights including the weekend at an average of $85 a night.  Upon entering the hotel, we see an area with tropical trees in front and the checkin area on the right.  The checkin area had a huge fish tank.  We arrived early, so our rooms werent available yet.  We dropped our bags with the bellhop and off we went to lunch.  After lunch, we received a call from the front desk telling us our rooms were ready.  We head up to our rooms and wait for our bags to be brought up to us.  The Mirage has recently gone thru renovation, and the room looked very nice. While waiting on for my bag, i decided to lay on the bed.  The bed is the most comfortable bed i had ever slept on.  I slept really well every night.  The room was nice size, but the bathrooms were a bit small but it didnt really matter to me as i wasn't in the room that much.  I liked the pool as it was really big and had a waterfall.  Didnt get to check out bare as the regular pool was good enough for me.  Overall, the hotel was enjoyable stay and would recommend.
5	Great value- rooms are almost free if you go in the heat of the summer.  Great mid-strip location.  Nicely remodeled rooms with wide screen HD TVs and comfy beds.  One of the better poker rooms in vegas, particularly if you play limit HE (10-20 or 20-40 on weekends).  A variety of good food potions- I usually stick to BLT Burger, KPC, and Japonais.  Avoid the buffet though.
3	Not a bad hotel.. not bad considering the only time we spent in the hotel was to sleep, shower, and change clothes. Didn't really do too much gambling/clubbing/eating at the hotel at all, so I can't really speak that. Next time I guess.. Our room had a pretty nice view of the strip. We could see the Wynn, Encore, Venetian, etc. from our room. So +1 star for that. The Bathroom was nice... double sink, stand in shower (water pressure was a little weak) and separate bath tub that I'll have to try the next time around.Sucks that I didn't get to really walk around and explore the hotel more, but I'll try and do that next time. But from my experience there this time, I'll give The Mirage 3 stars. Might rate it better next time.BTW.... the peeps that flag the Taxi's for you in valet, yeah - they fuckin BLOW!!!! Yea, almost forgot! F**K those assholes! Those people are very rude and do not understand the meaning of customer service! They can go to hell and Suck It! ...should knock a star off because of those fuckers!
4	This is the first time I've stayed at this hotel. I've actually stayed at most of the surrounding hotels before (The Venetian, Palazzo, Bellagio & Caesar's), and so I can tell you that The Mirage is definitely the best bang for your buck! I heard they recently renovated their rooms and so everything is very contemporary and doesn't look aged at all. The furniture was comfortable and clean. In comparison to the hotels that I've stayed at, the only downfall in their rooms are the bathrooms because they are so tiny! I'm used to a his/her sink, a full shower and bath tub. I know, beggars can't be choosers but we are talking about Vegas here! I utilized the housekeeping & room services frequently and their normal turnaround time was 45 minutes. Room service food was impeccable! I highly recommend just about anything on the menu. I also went to their pool every day I was in Vegas, and I must admit that this is the reason why I would come back! It's just as entertaining and friendly as any pool party that's being advertised, plus no cover! AND they have plenty of space for large parties. There really is a lot more to say about this hotel, but if it isn't already obvious, I think it's worth your stay!
4	My first hotel experience in Vegas was at the Mirage, lucky for me it's one of the better hotels to stay at. Located in the middle or the end of the strip pending how you look at it (some people don't think Circus circus should be in the same league as the other hotels). With so much to do and one of the best spa's I've been to, I almost never left the Mirage that weekend. There was Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden & Dolphin Habitat (which sounds kind of dirty), which I got to see the white tiger. The Aquarium which spans the whole front desk, it kind of sucks you in, lucky for me the check in lady had a lot of patience. An Atrium, it was like a mini rainforest and with a 100ft dome ceiling the Palm trees had to be around 60ft tall, the whole thing is very peaceful. And lastly step outside to see the raging volcano which erupts every hour on the hour starting at 8pm. Rooms were nice, but you never stay too long in them anyways. It's my favorite place I've stayed on the strip... so far.
4	I recently went to Vegas for a double whammo!  We had to be there for a wedding on Saturday August 15th and that's the same weekend as my Birthday, which was a great relief!  I got a great deal from the Mirage and never had stayed there before.  I was a little concern because a few of our friends had told us it was an older hotel.  But since it was such a great deal I decided to stick to my guns and stay there for 3 nights.We checked in on Thursday at 1:00pm and the check in was a breeze.  We walked from the Hotel Front Desk through a mini tropical garden to the elevators.  It was just breathtaking.  The garden was so beautiful and serene.  I was hoping by now that when I reached my room I would be happy with that as well.   I got to the elevator and got to the floor... The front desk girl gave me a room that was so far from the elevator I thought I needed a day just to hike to it.  In any case when I finally stepped in I was pleasantly surprise because:1.  The room had a comtemporary chic look to it.  It was just so nice. 2.  I quickly realized why she put me in that room, she gave me a view of the pool!The room is a little bigger than other hotels and the mattress was so comfy I can't complain.  After settling in I went to the pool.  It was so nice.  It was a tropical paradise right in the desert.  It's not quite as fabulous as the Mandalay Beach but close enough.  It was a huge pool but of course like any Vegas pool in the summer it gets crowded by 10am.  Service is great and is a breeze.  Check in and out are awesome no complaints.   I'll definitely be staying here again.
3	Good basic hotel rooms.  Yes. like most state in reviews, the bathrooms are small but they are nicely done.  King room was very enjoyable, had mini-bar , and nice 40 inch LCD tv - overlooked the pool which was nice - birds eye view. Check-in staff was excellent!  Dealers need to learn how to smile and interact- this was no fun to gamble at and too many high limit tables - $25, 50,100 even with tons of folks looking for a blackjack table with $10 or $15 limits all day!!!  Ate at the burger bar here and it was medicore at best. McDonalds across the street would have been better!   Walk down to Margaritaville and you will get a really great burger!! Pool was really nice!  Lagoon shaped- lots of cabanna's and lounge chairs- pool was crowed .  Spa looked ok - they would not let me get a tour of the locker rooms for some reason when I asked?? I like to see them before I sign up for a treatment. Security was a little gruff at the elevators each night - 5pm -12am - you must show a key etc.  Elevators were slow and crowded also. Good location on the strip.
4	let me bust one.....It was cool! i'll keep it short and sweet,not like MGM where it stank and reeked.the room was roomy and the bathroom was small,i didn't smell the cigarette smells at all.the mirage, yup i'd stay there again.and i'll even recommend it to a friend.burppp, haahaa, burppp, burppp!thank you all for coming out! god bless good nite!
3	The first time I stayed here I LOVED IT the second time I HATED IT. The first room we had was splended with a nice high view. The last time I went with my boy friend it seemed as if everything in the room was broken including the toilet. I will go one more time and I hope it will be like the first time I stayed there and not the second. However, we did go to a nice place to eat at the mirage and the servers were terrible and snobby. I cannot remember the place but it was across from the check in. My boy friend was trying to take me to a romantic dinner and it was NOT good.
3	I only stayed here once and wasn't actually in the room all that much.  Pretty much was downstairs trying to see the shows or out doing something.  I came in slept, shower and left didn't really get to "enjoy" the room and see how everything is, which is why it's only a 3 stars since I can't remember anything bad but I can't remember anything spectacular about it.One thing I did remember was the free buffet though.  We were shown a different line which had like 4 people waiting instead of the one with 15-20 people and was let in quickly.  The food was alright, better than standard places you find outside but maybe because it's vegas, i left feeling it could've been so much more.
4	Out of the plethora of hotels on the Las Vegas Strip, The Mirage is one of the better ones because it has one of the best locations on the strip, it's more of a hotel for normal people in their early to mid 20s and I like Jet.  I've always had a good time here.Their rooms were recently remodeled I believe and they are perfect for a group of girls because there's a lot of counter space in the bathroom and mirrors everywhere so you can get ready.  It's a nice hotel without being extremely pricey.
5	I just got back from a 3 night stay and I really enjoyed it.  The room was clean and stylish, the bed was reallly comfortable too.The Casino is a nice size with a homey atmosphere, not too smokey, not too big either.  I really liked the layout and look of the pool.  It was hard to find seating though, it can get packed around 930am up until 5 or so.  Location was perfect if you enjoy hitting the fashion mall and some other nice casinos like the ventian or wynn, and its a nice manageable walk to bellagio/paris/ceasers.  After I've had te chance to stay in some other marquee casinos I'm sure I'll be back for another time at the Mirage.
5	I had a 3 night stay at the Mirage and it was wonderful. The room is well decorated - pretty colors, HUGE Television, and spaced out well. The bathroom was a little small, but no biggie. The bed was amazing, very comfortable and much appreciated after a long day of walking.The casino is nice, the usual, and not as smokey as others, so that was good. Pool is pretty nice also, love the waterfalls, but get there early since finding a seat at around 9am can be a headache. Or you can wait until right before it closes at 8pm. Roys Secret Garden was a nice stop - got free tickets to see it, but don't know if would really pay the $15 for admission. Great for kids though I'm sure.
4	If you aren't prepared to flash the cash for The Wynn or The Bellagio (and I don't blame you) The Mirage is the way to go. I would have never stayed here prior to the room upgrades but this is now my regular Vegas hotel. They have great restaurants (BLT Burger) and a Starbucks on premises. Staff are always friendly enough and there is everything you would expect to be able to have a serious gamble in a major Strip casino.The real gem here is the Beatles/Cirque Du Soliel show 'Love' - I have seen it twice and it really is the best show I have ever seen period.
3	I'm really confused about all the high ratings for Mirage on here...my friends and I stayed there over the past weekend in two (remodeled) deluxe rooms.  I received a good promotional rate for them, but even so, I still don't think my stay was anything above average.  This was our first time at the Mirage.  I've previously stayed at the MGM Grand, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Paris, Bellagio, Palazzo, and TI, and felt I it was about time to see what the Mirage would be like.Honestly, compared to my previous stays at TI next door, I was pretty surprised how mediocre the rooms turned out to be at the Mirage.  Other than Mirage having a tad bit nicer lobby, casino, and pool, I believe TI has better rooms and amenities, and lower rates to boot.There were several things to point out about our room at the Mirage.  Firstly, the room was not very spacious and the bathroom was probably the smallest I've experienced in all my hotel stays in Vegas.  The furnishings, though appearing new and remodeled, felt cheap and some drawers were falling apart.  The flat panel TV was on the nicer side, but still fairly typical for the average room on the Vegas strip.  The beds were extremely soft (my back hurt the next morning from the weak support) and the sheets were stiff and kind of abrasive.  The pillows were pretty flat too.  I may sound picky in terms of bedding, but the beds at TI, MGM Grand, and Palazzo were superb and I expect nothing less from Mirage since it's a 4 star hotel.  Also, the shower head was leaky (half of the water dripped down) and the spray was not adjustable and it basically sent out a non-uniform blast.  There was a water leak onto the floor coming from the toilet too.  And finally, the curtains were not able to keep out the sunlight in the morning -- there was a lot of space at the end that I was unable to cover.Overall, Mirage is a pretty average hotel for its price range.  Sure, the location is great and the staff was friendly, but I'd personally recommend TI over Mirage if you want a more comfortable stay at about the same location on the strip but with lower rates (sometimes significantly so).
4	I had the pleasure of staying here for an evening recently and I have to admit the accomodations were very nice. The room was clean and sleek. and the staff was very friendly. The pool area was great and carried almost a Miami-esk vibe. The only downside I really have to comment on was the fact that you have to pay for internet access and the elevators to our room were at the back of the casino.
5	I really enjoyed my stay here last June-no complaints at all.  The location was pretty good, it was nice being close to Bare pool which we usually frequent on trips to Vegas.  Had some luck in the casino and enjoyed dinner at Japonais.  The rooms were well appointed and comfortable, even though we had 5 girls staying in ours! They only charged us once for the roll away bed, while most other hotels charge by the night.  Would definitely stay here again, prefer it to Bellagio and Paris.
4	This review is only for the gaming floor and not the hotel.  The gaming floor is actually quite big with many rows of slot machines (it is actually quite easy to get lost).I was at the craps table, and I actually did better than I expected.  They have a good range of minimum bets too ($10 to $25 on craps table) so The Mirage is a good place to stop if you are in a big group, where there is a wide range of betting thresholds.Many complain that casino gaming floors are too smoke-filled.  From my experience, Bellagio is one of the better ones for clearing out smoke (I think Caesars Palace also isn't bad).  In this area, the Mirage was decent as well.
4	Just came back from my first stay at the Mirage and it was pretty great. I stayed in a Deluxe room which they just refurbished recently, great strip location and some new restauants. The BLT Burger is good, CPK for a quick bite. Japonais had 7$ drinks and apps from 5-8 pm which was nice (don't miss the Kobe sliders) My only gripe is that there's not much open for late night food.Gambling is the same, most the table mins were 10-15, but i found that on most the strip all week.I've heard the beatles Circue du Soleil show is good, the vibe overall is great and its a pretty young crowd at the mirage. The nightclub JET really get hopping on Monday night
4	Stayed here this past labor day weekend. Made reservations way ahead of time and got a great deal for 3 nights at 425 including tax.  This weekend didnt see as busy as I thought labor day weekend would be. But I would have to say that this hotel is pretty awesome. The rooms were pretty spacious for two couples to stay in. The beds were comfy, the bathroom was a bit small, but overall a good place stay. We tried BLT Burger, Carnegie Deli and Rhumbar. They were all good choices. Having a Starbucks inside was also very convenient, when we needed that pick me up. The pool area was awesome! Pretty packed so you have to go early to try to get a chair, but we were lucky that an older couple gave us their seats after we walked around the whole pool area. I dig the water fall, dunking your head underneath that is like those massage shower heads X 10!  Too bad we didnt get to check out JET on Sunday, supposedly Fabulous was performing.Overall I have to say I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and if I ever find another good deal like I did, I will stay here again.
4	I've stayed at the Mirage many times but not since they remodeled it. Over Labor Day weekend, my parents, husband, and I stayed here to celebrate my birthday and my mom's birthday.The remodel served the Mirage well. The guest rooms look like the waiting room in a spa. They are comfortable and tranquil. Hubby kept up with his ESPN on the big flat screen tv.The casino floor is big and there are a variety of games. My mom won $1000 playing slots!! There are also a bunch of new shops and restaurants on the floor like BLT, Sugar Factory, and Rhumbar.We also spent some time at the pool which, in comparison to other Vegas pools, was quiet and peaceful. There are actually two pools, a small pool, and a larger pool with waterfalls. We sat by the small pool and had a great time. My only complaint is that my mom bought a bloody mary that cost $22.00! Yikes!I love the Mirage- especially because my mom spends so much money gambling here that we can go back soon, comped!
3	So coupled with my review of Treasure Island, those of you who have read both know I much prefer TI.Im not saying there is anything wrong necessarily with the Mirage, it is simply not my taste.The friends got a penthouse suite for Thursday night. It was a cool layout but the decor was something I would have been disappointed in if I were paying for it myself. I thought the finishes were extremely outdated but I imagine you cannot remodel/update a huge hotel quickly. Beyond the decor though, as I said, the layout of the room was bomb.The decor of the second room was really cool. It had purple leather like headboards with pink and purple accessories and it was extremely cool. My taste is boringly simple and the clean lines of this room appealed to it greatly. (:I was really disappointed that the Secret Garden closes so early because I really wanted to see the baby pets. ):Overall, if I ever were crazy enough to go to Vegas again, I would not pick the Mirage to stay at.
1	One word: Terrible! Charging money for a tasteless cup of tap water despite my coffee purchases. This review is for the starbucks at the mirage. 3600 S. Las Vegas Blvd. Las Vegas, NV  89109 Terrible customer service. They charge 85c for a tap water in a plastic cup. Way to go MGM Mirage
4	The Mirage Hotel is probably one of the nicer hotels I've been in. They have several good restaurants inside, huge casino, nice pool, and most importantly, the rooms here are very nice. For a busy casino, the check in and check out process was a breeze and the front desk staff was very friendly. When I got to the room, I have to say that I was impressed. It had 2 nice queen beds, a nice desk are for work, and about a 40 inch flat screen TV mounted on the wall. The room also had a nice little wet bar with plenty of drinks (they charge fairly high for this) and plenty of drawer space if staying for an extended period. The bathroom was nice and clean with the only drawback being that the sink, shower, and toilet were in the same room. I prefer the toilet and shower being in a different room than the sink as one person can be in the shower and the other person can be at the sink and still have some privacy. The bed here was comfortable. A bit soft for my tastes, but after a long night of partying, you just kind of melt right in when you go to sleep. Plenty of pillows and room service does a decent job in keeping the place clean. We also got a roll-away and have to say it was one of the nicer roll-away I've seen, but they do charge about $30 a night for it. Also on a side note, they do charge you $1 a phone call for all local calls. I also spent some time in the pool area and have to say that I had a good relaxing time there. The pool itself is pretty big with what I will say 4 areas you can wonder too including 1 large waterfall area that you can walk under and a "rock" area that the water drips down on. If you're looking for slides or wake machines, sorry, they don't have them here. For food and beverage there are plenty of waitresses bringing you drinks and the pool area has its' own Cafe and Full Service Bar. There are a ton of chairs, VIP cabanas, and chairs you can rent, but the place gets packed by 10:00AM, my best advice is if you plan on spending the day at the pool, make sure you reserve your spot first thing in the morning. On average spent about $175 night. Service and hotel was good and we had a good time crashing here. Would definitely stay again if the price was right and would give the Mirage a 4 Star rating.
4	We wanted to see Love so we decided to make Vegas our last trip of the summer. Probably. I checked The Mirage website and they were offering a package with 2 nights in a deluxe room plus 2 Love tickets at a great rate. Sold. I don't think I'd been inside The Mirage before and I was expecting something old school. The rooms have recently been remodeled so they look modern and clean. Our bed was super comfortable, the TV was big and the size of the room overall was great. My only suggestion would be to modernize the bathroom more. They had granite counter tops but the shower and some of the detailing in there were from another era, the 80's. The pool area was nice although the waterfall was harsher than I expected. Since it was in the 90's, I wasn't complaining. We got out there in the mid afternoon and had no problems finding chairs. We had a good time and aside from housekeeping waking us up every morning before 9am, service was great and I'd have no objection to staying here again, especially if Love tickets are involved.
4	I've stayed here a few times and its one of the nicer Vegas Hotels I've been in. It has a pretty good buffet and it has a little tram to Treasure Island where I would play the arcade games with my brother before we could gamble.
4	What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas right? Ha! Not with me, I LOVE to share my adventures, well some of them at least ;-) Can't reveal ALL the good stuff, however I can tell you that one of the places I like to stay in Vegas is The Mirage. I have a rule, and my one rule I'll ONLY stay on the strip, I like to be in the middle of the action. The Mirage has always been good to me which is why I keep coming back, they always offer me a room upgrade when I come in so I've ended up with suites every time I've stayed here (maybe they think I'm someone I'm not? Whatever it is I'm not complaining) Reality is, I really only paying to store my things and to on occasion sleep for a few hours, other than that, I'm out living it up in Sin City.
4	The combination of a recession and a well run hotel can be of great benefit to a traveler with a company credit card.  This is a gorgeous hotel and is very well maintained, even in a bad economy.  So you take a great, well run hotel, throw in a recession, and subtract the thousands of people usually swarming the tables and restaurants.  The result is a great value, only $90 per night, and no lines, for anything.
4	The buffet here is just the bomb... every single item we tried tasted like it should have been served at a fancy restaurant.. I had tilapia, sushi, a delicious salad (I got to choose my own ingredients and add the dressing), ribs, just to name a few. It's spacious, chic, and the place settings and tableware are beautiful. Not your typical cruise-ship type of buffet. I am a huge fan.
4	What can I say? At first I was really skeptical about staying here because I  didn't think anything of it from the outside .. but.. I was wrong because our room was up-to-date and really nice! And, yes, this hotel isn't new but it's in a great location, great price, and really nice/clean rooms so I think it has a 1 up on the other hotels because although some look extremely gorgeous on the outside, they are much more expensive and aren't as clean or nice on the inside (room-wise). It was my first time staying here and I didn't do anything in here besides gamble.. but from the looks of the pool it's much nicer than some pools at the other hotels! It has a pretty waterfall area..I was impressed with their service as well as our towels came quickly as did our bellman when delivering and picking up our luggage.I would recommend this place to anyone coming to vegas!
4	Bachelorette Party 2009 = 13 girls, some but not a lot of money saved up, and lots of breaking the diets.We decided to stay at the Mirage because of the location on the strip, the pool, and the renovated rooms.  Couldn't. Be. Happier.  The pool, Bare, which is adult (I don't need screaming kids on my weekend of boozing), the rooms, and the proximity to everything else is awesome.  And the prices were just right.  I just like the no hassle vibe of this place.  It's fun to go to NYNY, Paris, Bellagio, Wynn, to visit, but for me, this is the right place to stay.  I will definitely be coming back to the Mirage the next time I come to Vegas.  If I ever can muster the energy again.
2	People sometimes say that this is the best buffet in town... *rude game-show buzzer*... wrong. Not too shabby, but really nothing to write home about. I was totally bugged when we went here during their transition (remodeling) phase and they seated us in a storage room with a makeshift food line and stainless steel spoons provided to use as serving utensils - they were so hot, no one could even hold onto them. I promise, the next time a place like this (upscale buffet) tries to pull something like that, I'm going to demand my money back. I don't like to be disrespected like that. Close down if you're going to compromise class... and safety, too... I burned my freaking fingers!
4	The new rooms here are awesome!!! The beds are comfy, everything is new and sheik, and the 42 inch plasma mounted to the wall isnt too bad either. The lighting in the room is stellar and there is plenty of space in the room to move around without feeling cramped.Downstairs behind the front desk has this amazing aquarium full of tropical fish, and if you go down a little further there are some white tigers   that are just amazing.The buffett was just remodeled back in 2007 or 2008 be fairly new, and it is awesome. Everything is nicely sectioned out, they have an awesome salad station, the have pretty much everything you could possibly ask for and more! my suggestion if you are looking for breakfast and lunch, go around 11:30ish cause you can get lunch and some breakfast is still put out =) cause shrimp cocktail and crab legs are good to go anytime! =)
3	Cool back in the day.Day has become tomorrow.Time for an upgrade.
4	Stayed here a few years back when my family and I watched Cirque de Soleil.  The rooms seem smaller than most standard rooms on the strip, but still nice.  There is a lot to see at the Mirage, like the seigfried and roy's and dolphin habitats.  The volcano is a nice added touch to this tropical theme, like an oasis.
4	Very good stay. A friend and I each had a one bedroom tower suite for 3 nights in October. The only concern I had before arriving was that the Mirage, being 20 years old, might be a little dated; however, the entire property seemed to be very well maintained and updated. With the 10% AAA discount the rooms were $160.00 per night, which seemed to us a very good deal relative to the other hotel-casinos for similar rooms. At check in we requested and got strip view rooms, and tipped the front desk agent.  The weather in Las Vegas was the best I'd experienced there- about 75 in the day time and mid 60's at night. We only ate at one food outlet, the Cravings buffet, and the food was excellent. Would highly recommend the Mirage. Tip: If you book directly with the Mirage, either by phone or on their web page, keep checking every so often and if you find the price has decreased you can rebook at the lower rate. We did this three times.
4	Our group of four stayed in two of the new rooms and loved them. Must emphasize the awesome unbelievably comfortable beds....they were like sleeping in big fluffy clouds....fantastic after a night of celebrating....can honestly say I have never felt more comfortable in my life!....The Secret Garden is also within this hotel's grounds....a great viewing if you love animals.....there are dolphins, wildcats etc....The Volcano show is also spectacular! It happens after dark on the hour at the front of the hotel.The pool is also very cool.....I regret very much that we did not have time to swim there...we did take a quick walking tour and loved the lush surrounds, bridges and endless pool lounges......It is also convenient as it is right on the strip so nearly everything is in walking distance. There are also plenty of eateries within the hotel and a great little gift store. We did the Beatle's Love by Cirque du Soleil package and got a great little deal. The show is also a wonderful experience for any Beatles or Cirque fan.The missing star is due to the fact they kept trying to overcharge us when we were checking out. It did eventually get sorted out though.
5	For overall value Mirage is probably one of the best places you can stay on the strip. The pricing is definitely not as expensive as Venetian, just a bit more than Bally's. But the rooms are very nice (I believe all of them newly renovated) , the hotel itself is also nice. The casino minimums sadly stay relatively high, but the place rocks. Probably one of the best hotels on the strip, and the location is pretty damn central.  The upgrade to the volcano show as well was a nice touch. I also like how it's very easy to get to the casino from the strip and back out for the Mirage while other hotels require you to literally walk like a quarter mile just to get to the front doors (IE. Bellagio, The Wynn). That can get tiring real fast.  If you're planning to hit up Vegas, looking for the medium-high end experience. Mirage is probably your best bet. Oh yeah and their buffet is also probably my favorite buffet on the strip (yes better than Bellagio, better than PH, and probably on par but a much better value that the Wynn).~G
3	The best thing about this hotel was that it was comped! YES!! but the bad thing is that... they lied to my friends mom telling her that they will give her tickets to the Pacquiao fight and on the day of her picking up the tickets, they told her it was the close circuit fight not the actual fight.. the boys were BUMPED.. but they had vip tickets to close circuit fight and they said it was fun watching it there. They got free drinks and food, and got to sit with Joe Jackson. haha. One thing that REALLY bugged me was that... their toilet handle was broken! I was having a hard time flushing the toilet... its twice as hard when you're really tired and drunk. I wanted to complain and get a new room, but everyone was okay with it so I didnt want to be the one comaplining. The bed was comfortable.. but the room was pretty small for me. Ever since my stay at the Palazzo, I just cant go back!!  It was just sooo spacious and nice there! and the environment is so much more fun and so much bigger. Mirage is just too small for me... but the nice thing is that its right on the strip so you;re so close to everything and can walk everywhere! but I wouldnt pay to stay here.
4	The rooms here rate 5 stars in my book! Beautifully decorated; Very modern & roomy. The most ginormous flat screen TV I've seen in any hotel room, a mini bar, & plenty of closet/drawer space. It even makes up for the tiny, bit dated bathroom.Unfortunately, the Mirage lost a star with me for the following: Bathroom sink kept making a loud noise, tub was difficult to take a bath in because it does not have a diagonal sloping end where you can rest your head at the top comfortably (sounds querky but you'll see what I mean), very loud cleaning ladies chatting outside of our room every morning.I only denoted the Mirage 1 star for all  of the above because I didn't give them a chance to correct those points during my stay (bc it wasn't that big of a deal to me). I am almost positive they would've made it up to me if I had asked because their customer service is top notch. No doubt, would stay again. Esp. for $65/night price that I got from PRICELINE NEGOTIATING!
4	It's a classic and it seems to keep pace with the newer hotel/casinos that keep popping up. I have stayed at The Mirage a couple of times and each time has been a very good experience. The Mirage is perfectly located in the center of the strip within walking distance to The Venetian, The Palazzo and Caesars. I visit Vegas for trade shows and the location of The Mirage is why we stay there. The only down side to The Mirage is the long walk from the front door to the room elevators. Yes, I understand it's all about getting their customer in the casino but it is a hassle, especially when the hotel is booked. Checking is has always been hassle free and the front desk agents are always helpful. The hotel has plenty of good food options covering all kinds of prices levels and cuisine. The rooms have been recently updated in the last two years and from my understanding it really needed it. The decor is contemporary and simple, large flat screen but a tiny bathroom. I like the casino because I rarely see kids running through, it's classy and I seem to win when I'm there...so what's not to like. Since my first visit the volcano has been renovated and it is a huge improvement. I was told that the company that did the Belagio fountain renovated the volcano. It goes off every hour in the evening until 11pm and if you've seen the old show it's worth the time to see the new show. I travel to Vegas a couple of times a year...for the value and the location I wouldn't want to stay anywhere else.
3	Used to be pretty good but now it seems to be getting run down after Wynn sold. Pool area is better than the other casinos I've stayed at. Other than that, nothing special here. Again, all the rooms on the strip look the same.
2	Great location - I had a conference at Caesars. and it's right "next door" which still entails lots of walking.  Beds very comfortable and the windows open!Our problem began with the fact that they gave us a room on the strip side.  9th floor.  We had our windows open, and it was quiet till about 1 a.m., when there were strains of rock music till day break.  (I'm a child of the 60's and I can deal with the music, but not through the night!)  The next night, we just kept the window closed, but could still hear it.    Sure, sure, I know I could've used my ear plugs which I always carry.  We then asked to change rooms.  During the phone conversation there was no apology or even questions about why we wanted to move.  At the front desk, when we mentioned our problem with the room, again, no eye contact, no apology.  We had been using a roll away - they rolled it into the new room, but left it standing on end - didn't set it up as they did the first time.  Do you know how heavy those are?  It took 3 of us to position it and lower it to the floor.Just dinging them on customer service - also not enough towels and no bath mat.  Next time I'll go back to Caesars.
2	Perhaps my loathing of this property started with the botched room assignment where they tried to put us in a room with two beds, instead of the King I reserved months ago. "But, really, it is only for one night and then we'll move you to the room you actually reserved."  Ugh, no.  Or maybe it was when we got to the room and realized that it was looking pretty rough and not the nice-to-luxe accommodations I was expecting for the price. But I really think they moved into never to return territory by the way they handled these issues. Which was not at all. I felt like I fell for the old bait-and-switch. We'll promise you a beautiful resort, but delivery whatever is available and quit your whining.At no time did I feel that the staff here cared one whit about our stay. We requested that maintenance come and repair the most glaring issue (the shower faucet that became a projectile and attacked you when the water was turned on), but they never came during our 3-day visit.  No apologies and no offers to move us to a decent room, nada. There were more cosmetic issues, but in some ways I didn't want to look too closely and ponder how the room arrived in its current state of disrepair.I chose the Mirage for its central location on The Strip and reasonably positive reviews. But after spending time walking through, eating and shopping at about ten other properties, I've realized that The Mirage just isn't for me. They also just instituted a $15/day resort fee, so it really adds insult to injury if you don't like the property. They are going for a Polynesian/Asian theme, but since the property is 20 years old and has been partially renovated, it is not cohesive at all. I spent the minimum amount of time at the hotel and focused on finding a better property for my next visit. I'd like to think this isn't the best or even in the top half of what Vegas has to offer.
4	Just like almost everything in Vegas,...everything was at the foot of my door when I woke up every morning. Checking in was a breeze & easy. When I got to my room the space was very nice, but there were a few minor specific things that I would have liked to see changed. It smelled like someone had taken a shower every time I walked back into the room (because it was that type of stuffiness). Our window had this dripped paint, or bird poop (I couldn't figure out which one it was) and one of our light bulbs was out next to the TV which was sort of annoying. But the service was really great and if I had called in to have those things changed I know for a fact they would have fixed it for me without asking any other questions. The Casino in the Mirage was smaller than other properties on the main strip, but the restaurants were my favorite. Everything was at the foot of my door, or a few steps away. I would absolutely come back again for my next trip.
4	Reasonably priced Strip hotel, decent casino.Friends and I stayed on (and subsequently laid waste to) the eighth floor. Our rooms were all recently renovated and much nicer than expected, thankfully nothing like the MGM. For what we paid, we got clean linens, soft beds, and good lighting. Of course, there was an iPod dock by the nightstand.The Mirage's casino might be dark for some, but they've got a pleasantly vegetated bar area near the front lobby. If you're hungry, there's a light selection of restaurants. Table games have reasonable minimum limits, and not-so-reasonable limits are available for those who like the thrill of gambling. Played multiple deck Blackjack (didn't know that existed!) and roulette, and lost, but all of my friends won. Go figure!Service was good. Called the front desk for various reasons, and friendly concierges got me details for a restaurant when I needed it.Anyone know of the tram between the Mirage and Treasure Island? It's so convenient! Not like it was an issue stumbling to a neighboring casino.
4	Stayed at the Mirage last week for a conference.Due to its age, I went in not expecting that great of a room product, but I was really impressed with the room decor.  Clean, trendy without being over the top, and with all the bells and whistles.I came in on a negotiated room rate that was pretty decent, so can't really speak to booking for a personal trip.  I was definitely happy with what I got for the money I paid.Restaurants looked good, although I ate convention food the whole time, so I don't have any first-hand experience.My only problems were that my non-smoking room had the odor of whatever they use to try to mask the smell of smoke and some poor room upkeep by housekeeping.  Not enough to hurt my visit all that much, but enough to keep away that 5th star.
4	This hotel is older but has been renovated with modern decor, flat screen TV's, and USB/IPOD inputs in rooms.  The location is perfect, center strip, and amenities what you would expect from a top-tier hotel.  The staff was helpful and friendly.  The only restaurants we ate at was BB Kings (decent, nice when the quartet was playing for dinner) and Carnegie's Deli (open 24 hrs, a bit expensive but convenient). I don't like the $15/day resort fee, especially since they make it sort of confusing (and ever changing) what that fee includes.  In our case it was water, robes, paper (have to go to desk to get), Internet OR entrance to secret garden, and airline boarding pass printing at the business center.I found the casino just right- dim and relaxing with a variety of tables, slots, video, and other machines.    I don't think you really could go wrong with this hotel/casino and if not to your taste many other options are within a 20 minute walk.
4	We just got back from the Mirage from New Years. My My My how Vegas dies down after the New Years madness. I love it, because you can actually get service again. The Check-In: I never understood why it takes some people so long to check in. Every freaking time I go, I get stuck behind some Barney that wants an even floor with all even numbers facing 45 degree from the sun both east and west, non smoking but smoking sometime request. I mean, ask and then go!! The girl was very helpful. I always ask for my preference, no 4th floor or any floor with a 4 on it. Non Smoking and a King Bed, that is it. I am in and out. I just don't get it. She did hook a brother up on the 10th with a view of the volcano - overrated. The Room - nice make over, I was at the Mirage about 2 years ago, before the renovation and they really needed it. Clean crisp sheets and good lighting. They provided IPOD dock and also a 42 inch flat screen. The damn remote sucks! You can't change the channel unless you point it at the lower left corner. House Keeping: Overall a good experience, however they refuse to replace our soap with a new one. We had to ask every time. I understand a cost, but come on, really? You can't give away a soap? I don't know what happens to the soap when I leave. I want a new one! The problem, the doors slams! Every morning when the monkey suits gets up and goes to their meetings and conventions, the doors slams all over the place. This is Vegas, we just got in at 4. Other than the minor issues, the place was great, we got a good deal and for sure will come back. You pay a little more for comfort without breaking the bank and it is in a great location.
5	The wife and I stayed here last year when we came out on our trip to get married. We got an upgraded room - Tower Deluxe - and it was amazing. the double sinks and jetted tub were great, especially on the day we got married since we needed as much room as we could get!About the only thing we didn't like was that there was not really any cheap eating places. The restaurants were good, but all were mucho money and sometimes you just need a burger without going all out.
4	Oh Mirage, you complete me.  Well, almost.  My husband and I usually go to Vegas a couple times a year and last year the Mirage was one of two hotel we stayed at on the Strip.  We got a Tower Deluxe room with a view of the strip.  All I can say is yes, yes, yes!!!The Tower Deluxe rooms have keyed private elevators that take you directly to the upper rooms.  This is really nice, since the hotel's regular elevators constantly have a wait.  The TD rooms boast a upgraded bathroom that includes marble double sinks, jetted tub and separate shower.  The travel shampoo/shower gel/lotion are all from Mirage's spa and the sink area also has a nice lighted magnifying mirror.  Additionally, there is a huge full size mirror outside the bathroom door so you can get a view of of of you :)  The bedroom area had a King size bed with a fluffy comforter. It has nice closets on each side of the bed, complete with robes!  There are also nightstands on each side with a safe and a iPod dock (alarm clock).  Over by the window is the desk and on the opposite wall of the bed is a nice sized flat screen.  I have to note too that the Mirage Volcano is a must see at least once when in Vegas.  It is free and happens every 15 minutes in the evening.  It is a spectacular show of fire balls dancing to drum beats and lava erupting to the music.  It was designed by the same people who did the Bellagio fountains. Their pool area is a series of pools and waterfalls and has a nice resort feel too it.  They also have the Secret Garden near the pool where you can see Dophins and the White Tigers (for a fee of course!).  My only gripe with Mirage is the food on site.  While I do like to hit some nice restaurants while in Sin City, I need fast food from time to time - the Mirage just doesn't have it.  There is a deli on-site that is quite good, but my turkey sandwich set me back $15!!!!!  So if you want fast food you are out of lunch at the Mirage!  Still, it was one of my best Vegas experiences.  No real complaints.  I give it 4.5 stars!
3	With all of your options in Vegas, I would say that the Mirage offers a fairly decent array of amenities that make it a desirable place to stay. It's centrally located (for me at least since I like to stay on the east end of the strip) and the decor is pretty cool on the inside. There's a huge waterfall-looking thing as soon as you enter. Guest services were quick and efficient. I don't think I've ever gone to Vegas and NOT had to wait in a long line to register, but I simply walked up to the desk at the Mirage. Thats's major KUDO points in my book. The lady was friendly and met all of my requests. One MAJOR DRAWBACK is that the rooms are pretty far away from the front desk and unless you have a bellboy take all of your luggage, you have to walk THROUGH the casino with all your stuff. The elevators to the rooms are all the way in the back of the casino near the Beatles "Love" arena (highly RECOMMENDED BTW!). I know that's something that shouldn't bug me, but I just don't think it's cool to maneuver your things through the casino, especially since it can get kind of packed when idiot tourists are stopping to take pictures at the most inopportune locations!The room it self was nice, but nothing outstanding. It had an iPod deck (major plus for an iPhone user) and a flat screen TV. It was one of few rooms I've had in Vegas where you can actually OPEN the window and get some fresh air. Needless to say it's pretty loud, but I enjoy a cool Vegas breeze every now and then (during the winter time at least!). The only complaint I would give is that the bathroom was pretty small in comparison to the rest of the room.  Also, as others have mentioned, there is no real place to eat in the hotel other than the buffet (not recommended) and a VERY OVERPRICED deli. You definitely need to leave the casino to get some sort of midnight snack.
4	I can't really complain about Mirage either. My experiences here have been great. The room was decent in size and also had a strip view, though I couldn't really see the volcano show. The last time I stayed there, we were behind Brian Friedman (dancer/ judge from SYTYCD)... so I guess it's not that bad of a hotel!Oh, and I wrote the same about Treasure Island: I think The Mirage easily balances out price, quality and convenience (center of the strip).
5	Short and to the point - Mirage is beautiful!I went to Las Vegas for the very first time last week and stayed at one of the rooms at the Mirage.  Wow, what a treat!  Everything about the hotel is beautiful!  The room - amazing!  I was told that they had undergone renovation not too long ago and definitely worth every penny!  The bed was quite possibly the most comfortable one I have ever slept on in my life!The staff is incredibly friendly and welcoming.  Not one complaint in that department.  Everything I requested was swiftly done with a smile.The restaurants are pricey, but so delicious!The next time I go to Vegas, I would love to stay at the Mirage again.
5	I'm not a rich person that can spend thousands of dollars a night for a room and I felt like The Mirage is a fairly nice hotel to stay at. With Asian blood flowing thru my vein, here I am online looking for promo codes to stay at the hotel with the cheapest rates. And I found one that got me two nights for two hundred bucks. As I arrived there with my now exboyfriend, they told us that they were gonna upgrade us to a penthouse suite with the STRIP VIEW! THAT WAS SO NICE OF THEM. I believed the suite had to rooms but one was locked. The suite had a bar and sink. The living room was humongous with the privacy of two doors to separate the bedroom from the living room. The living room bathroom was really big. The bathrooom in my room.... WAS AMAZING. ITS WAS SO BIG!! There is a jacuzzi surrounded with mirrors. (for all you young birds going out to vegas to have a wild time, you get the idea ;).) Unfortunately, I couldnt find the switch to the Jacuzzi till we checked out. The bed was soooo comfy, they had a pop up TV from the bed and the room was really clean. I will come back but I would also like to stay at other hotels. Btw, when I was there for the summer, they we're renovating their elevators but I'm sure theyre done by now.
2	So they charge you a $15 a night resort fee. They very kindly tell you when you check in, but I mean, by that point, what are you going to do, argue?We had a really nice room though, it was a corner room, so windows on two walls of the room, so we had an amazing view of the strip. If I were rating solely on the view, it would get 6 stars. Excellent view. My friend and I wanted to get a nutella shake, and BLT burger was closed. So no shake.Thought we'd try to see the volcano (you know my many attempts to see it, and how it never seems to be working), and surprise surprise, it wasn't working. Again. The light switch in the bathroom stopped working at one point. How am I supposed to do anything in a dark bathroom? The trip from the check-in to the elevator was much too far. I wouldn't stay here again.
4	Last two times to Vegas I have stayed at the Mirage because i have gotten free show tickets to LOVE both times and i love the location on the Strip. The only reason i gave this 4 stars is because its a nice lil hike to the elevators. The casino is easy to navigate and the gardens are beautiful around the pool. Bare pool club is always a hot spot for me. got to love the topless pool lol.
1	Was not happy with the Mirage. After waiting in line for 45 minutes in lime to check in with only 3 people in front of me. Then to be told an additional $52 dollar resort fee will be added for my three night stay. Are you kidding me. Then my Shower had a leak when I got out on my first day I fell and injured myself. Ruined my trip. The floor was covered with water. No matts or rugs.The waiters are so slow, each time I was at the bar tables I would have to go to the counter to get a drink. Don't rely on the waiters.
4	Stayed here with some friends for a 3 night trip.This really is the best bang for your buck hotel on the strip. Location is perfect. The rooms are top notch since remodeling. The service is always nice. And the hotel bars that are around are pretty cool. This place is also home to Love, which is my favorite show in Las Vegas. The only reason it gets -1 star is because Mirage does not own Jet Nightclub and doesn't give out any special passes for hotel guests. I would definitely consider staying here again.
4	I enjoyed my time at the Mirage. I stayed here with my family for one of my Cousin's Birthday in January 2010. I had a special room rate one night free if you stay three nights. I also received a Dining Credit at Aria Hotel. I told the hotel clerk we were having a "girls weekend" and he gave us a special room that was decorated in Purple and Pink. Very cute and the Birthday Girl was very happy. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was a bit small. Went out to Jet Nightclub. We enjoyed the free passes from the doorman. My only problem with the club was there are NO seats unless you pay for bottle service. That sucks when you are wearing 4 inch heels. Yikes! We also made our way to Revolution Nightclub. More free passes. I really enjoyed myself here also. The night we attended had old school Hip Hop and R&B. Hit up the buffet "Crave" it was ok. I wish they had more seafood. Hit up BB Kings for Dinner. The drinks were good. They don't make a good mac and cheese. Pass on that. It looks like an Italian dish. Hit up the Rumbar. I really enjoyed this place. I will definitely check this out again. The drinks were great and I enjoyed sitting out on their private patio. I think we hung out there for a couple of hours. In all I enjoyed my time at the hotel and plan on going back again really soon.
3	Staff isn't very friendly. Our "remodeled" room is alright except for a mysterious pubic hair on the bed, broken lamps, gum on the carpet and ripped furniture. My fiance and I have loud obnoxious neighbors listening to loud music and singing at 12am but then again it's Vegas. This hotel is average not too expensive but not too cheap. Probably my favorite things are the shopping, free wireless internet, and 24 hour room service.
4	Mirage is a good hotel for the price. The rooms are a tad small but very accommodating, clean, up-to-date and comfortable. The whole place is well-kept, with a touch of luxury. It's near the center of the Strip, so a lot of convenience. Definitely recommended.
4	**UPDATED**  I haven't even stayed yet and I am thrilled. I made a reservation yesterday online, but had to change dates today. When I called to make the change, it was hassle free and the customer service rep was friendly. I am THRILLED!** I had a great time.  The accomidations were clean, modern and in great shape.  Hotel staff was a little lacking, but still a good experience.
4	I enjoyed my first stay here. They have nice looking rooms, it seems like it is on a good spot on the strip. The casino itself has pretty much everything I would want. The eating joints here are somewhat lacking, though I prefer their buffet over most. The room was affordable... $130 for a Saturday in March. I might consider booking with them again in the near future.
5	The Mirage is a tropical oasis, rising out of the Mojave Desert with towering palm trees, waterfalls, and even a volcano! It is the hotel that defined the term destination resort, and even 20 years after its original inception, she still holds her own against even the newest megaresorts of the Las Vegas Strip. The Room: The standard room at the Mirage is smaller than most new Vegas hotels, and lacks a few amenities (floor to ceiling windows, separate tub and shower, etc). The bathroom is also a bit on the cramped side. Other then that, it has a 42" lcd tv, extremely comfortable beds, minibar, etc. The CasinoThe Mirage casino is modern, and very comfortable. Table games are concentrated towards the middle and back of the casino, adjacent to the Poker Room, LOVE Theatre, and Cage. It is not too expansive, and has all the standard games (baccarat, pai gow, blackjack, craps, casino war, etc). Minimums for baccarat can go as low as $10, with blackjack and craps following suite as well. Nightlife JET is the nightclub at the Mirage. It has 3 rooms with 3 distinct sounds. Better clubbing can be had across the street at the Venetian (TAO), Palazzo (LAVO), Wynn (Tryst), and Encore (XS). Cravings - The Ultimate Buffet Dining ExperienceCravings is awesome! best buffet for the money on the strip!Tips: If you want to live large and eat cheap, the Mirage has a McDonalds, Chipotle, and Panda Express located directly across the street. Cheap gambling can also be had at Casino Royale.
5	This is where my wife and I stayed for our honeymoon.  This was our first visit and we were really impressed.  We arrived in our limo and were greeted by a bellhop who gave us a ticket to call down when we were ready for our luggage.  When we checked in the HUGE aquarium behind the desk was very very cool.  The atrium was really cool with the huge palm trees, vegetation and flowing water.  We REALLY enjoyed eating at Sambas and had a fun time at JET.  We tried to make it to revolution, but I was tanked and couldn't make it back down.Staff was friendly and our room was cleaned daily and restocked with towels.  The room wasn't anything too fancy at all, but we had a view of the strip and THAT was what made it that much better.  Also, we had a view of the Volcano.   It was fun watching it go off all the time while we were getting ready to head out for the night.We did a afternoon at the pool that was really nice.  I love the pool with its waterfalls and large area.  What DID SUCK about the pool is that it's about 3 to 4 feet deep all the way around.  I'm 6'5" and like to dive in and swim!!  Can't really do that but from what I hear all hotels pools are shallow.  That's ok, didn't cramp my day one bit.  The have waitresses that take your order for a drink while next to the pool which is really nice too.I know it was our first time, but still the experience and time we had earned them 5 stars. We're heading back to Vegas in two days and are staying at a different hotel.  We'll see if these 5 stars stay for long.
3	The hotel check-in attendant never welcomed us or even smiled at us.The room was nicely decorated. The plasma TV and iPod player were nice too. However, the vanity mirror light didn't work and the shower light didn't work. The bathroom tile over the tub was broken also.We enjoyed the BLT Burger and the Carnegie's chocolate mousse cake. However, most of their restaurants were overpriced.  We didn't like the food at B.B. King's restaurant. The live music was nice, but the food didn't taste like SOUL food to me. We walked across the street and enjoyed the Grand Lux Cafe at the Vienna hotel and some other restaurants instead.I didn't like the fact that the hotel wanted to charge me for one band-aid. I feel that it should have been included in the $15 daily resort fee. The hotel also charged me for the in-room bar even though I never used it. It's a good thing that I checked out in person so that I could catch the error and have them correct it immediately.
2	Well me and my crew were only lucky enuff to visit the pools and spa area during spring break. Cant say I was super impressed! The wave pool was nice and relaxing, but I would have loved an inner tube, but saw them here and there and couldnt get my hands on one. so0o whatev.. it was gettin cold, so we went into the "spa". I guess if you wana call luke warm not even warm water in an over crowded bubbling circle a spa. We went to the other 3 spas in the area, and they werent any better. what a bummer. we stayed for a couple hours, and left... not worth the 5 bucks we each payed to get in since we werent actually staying there (door guy totally pocketed it, nice lil hustle hes got tho cause the dumb guys in front of us payed 20 each)... whooomp whooomp! wont be coming back!!
4	I love this place and I am so happy we stayed there again, the room we got was beautiful, still feeling the casino vibe and the short walking distance to Wynn, Caesars.The pool was amazing, def. not the Palms where you have to look... weel a certain way, definately all looks/sizes/ages here, loved it !
4	For the price this place is really nice,  Mirage is one of my favorite hotels that I can afford.  The pool is awesome, the nude pool is lame just a rip off small pool they charge you too much to get in too.  This place reminds me of marine world and the jungle its really got a lot going on and full of fun energy.  Its just a really great hotel with a good vibe.
4	Most people probably underestimate the Mirage just because it's an older hotel but they've actually done a good job of maintaining it and keeping it up to date.  It's not posh and glam like some other hotels on the strip but it's far from mediocre too.  It's nice.  The rooms are clean, comfortable, and roomy.  I like the poker room here.  It's pretty big with a variety of games going on.  I've never had to wait for a seat.  I've never eaten anywhere in the Mirage, so I can't comment on that.  I wouldn't mind staying here again.
5	This is still the best in Vegas..... I love it here. I feel at home when visiting.
4	Great stay at The Mirage Hotel and CasinoAhhhhhhh! Finally got to our destination after a 5 hour drive.We stayed down at the casino's for 4 hours.Las Vegas has really changed, my last visit was 8 years ago.The Casino and Club Jet at The Mirage were crazy busy when we arrived.Our room was very nice, two queen beds, flat screen TV, great view of the strip.We spent quite a few hours down at the pool and jacuzzi. They have great service down there and amazing drinks.We all had a great time and plan to come back soon.
5	Hotels in Vegas are always so gorgeous looking, with spectacular stuff. I loved my stay here.
4	There are many hotels to choose from on the Vegas strip, but when it comes to a hotel that still remains classy and cool, the Mirage is the place to be! I have stayed here a couple times and I like the standard rooms for it's comfort, elegance, and space. The room has a flat screen TV, ample table space to place your items, and a great view. I did give one star off for the not so roomy bathroom. The elevators are located at the end of the casino across from the Revolution lounge. Be prepared to show your room key, the security is a little strict. Oh and here's a tip, go inside the store by the elevators where they sell snacks, you can find free admission passes to Jet nightclub. However, if you are a hotel guest, you can show your room key to get in for free too. So if you plan a Vegas getaway, look into the Mirage, worth the stay!
5	We've been staying at The Mirage for years after a bad experience with another high-end casino.  We are VIP's (which I think almost everyone is now-a-days) and we are treated like one.  It always makes us laugh to see the older folks who eat nothing but the freebies in the VIP Lounge.  We are VERY low maintenance and I know they appreciate that.  They pool is fabulous as well as the spa.  We always stay in either a Penthouse or one of the Villa's (we like the Villa as there are no loud teeny boppers slamming doors down there).  Jet is your typical nightclub...nightclubs were so much better 10 years ago, when people dressed in classy clothes!Prices are very reasonable and the restaurants are great...especially Japonnais.
4	#148Although the Muse concert (04.10.10) was at Mandalay Bay, we decided to stay at The Mirage. One of the great things about The Mirage is its central location on the LV strip. It really is within walking distance of where most folks want to go.As the room was under my friend's name, she had to check in. Unfortunately, the $20 trick didn't work. We were told that it was a busy weekend so they weren't able to offer any upgrades. I think it's because we checked in on the later side on Saturday. It was almost 5:00pm so they may have given out everything. We probably would have had better luck if it was a Friday - who knows. I do not recall the exact room rate, but I believe it was quite competitive given that we booked the room only days before.For a relatively older hotel, I was impressed at how nice the standard deluxe rooms were - quite spacious and modern with two queen beds and a 40" or 42" wall mounted LCD TV. There are several ports (USB, HDMI. S-Video, etc.) near the desk if you want to connect something to the TV. On the dresser between the beds there is also an iPod alarm clock. The bathroom is a bit on the small side and I didn't find the water pressure in the shower to be great. That said, it was manageable."Free" wifi is available, in the rooms at least - you just need to enter the last name of the reservation and the room number. I tested it to about 3mbps download - not terrible. You really are paying for it in a room fee, but you also get two bottles of water each day.The only negative was that a hotel worker came around knocking on doors at 9am on a Sunday for "room checks". I'm still not exactly sure what that was all about, but it woke us up. Maybe it's our fault for not putting up the DND sign.Overall, The Mirage rooms exceeded my expectations. I'd definitely stay here again - hopefully with $20 trick success.
5	Awesome place... beautiful rooms... the pool area seemed awesome but we were there for only 3 days and there was so much to see... the service was great and the stay was great, I got the player club card and was comped a free breakfast buffet, the day we left, so I have to go back beore it expires... haha!I love it and I want to go back!
3	I stayed at the Mirage for my first trip to Vegas with my wife and father-in-law. Since my father-in-law paid for the trip he chose the hotel and the Mirage was a great option. It is centrally located between Caesar's, T.I., and The Venetian. We requested the newly remodeled rooms and were not let down. The rooms are decorated very well and are very comfortable. The only downside is that the bathrooms are very small by Vegas standards and you can still tell it is a little older hotel.There are far better properties in Vegas but the Mirage is an institution and I'm sure if you decide to stay here you won't be dissapointed. Just make sure to get a newly renovated room, the old ones are probably cheap but they'll look it too.
4	VEGAS BABY!!! We just got back after a great weekend in Vegas! My fiance and I went, along with three other couples for our Bachelor/Bachelorette and it was fantastic!  No need for the newer, pricier hotels...you've got your one-stop shop kind of place right here!When I thought of the Mirage, I was thinking of old school Vegas, but I have to say that I was pretty surprised at how much I enjoyed staying here.  The rooms were redone...very modern, roomy and clean. The staff was great, professional and polite.  SInce we came as a group, we wanted to stay together.  We knew it was a busy weekend because of the fight, but the front desk worked together and got us all rooms on the same floor.  There are tons of choices for dining...fine & casual dining...and the prices were pretty reasonable.  Their fine dining offered prix-fixe menus at $39.95/person.  They also had a special for their restaurant Japonais...a special couple's lounge dinner from 5-8pm,  for $45/couple. Pretty cheap for Vegas! Some great casual dining choices included Carnegie's Deli, BLT and California Pizza Kitchen.The shopping was good. Paridiso has some really cute "vegas" shoes...and some very reasonably priced.  The pool was pretty huge, and they had tons of lounge chairs.The location was great too...usually when I'm Vegas, it seem like we're walking all over the place.  But at the Mirage, we had Caesar's Palace next door and Harrah's and the Venetian across the street.If you're planning a trip to Vegas, Mirage is a great place to stay.  Reasonable rates, friendly staff, tons of dining choices, and a great location.
3	Mirage has become one of my favorite destinations to stay on the Vegas strip lately. I love the remodel rooms, the classy brown updated look, and the area it is located. JET is not bad either. However, this review is more the the 1 Bedroom Penthouse Suites. Something is serious amiss here. The hotel has been completely remodel so I think these expensive floors would be the same too. Last weekend, the gang of us came to the Mirage and booked 2 Penthouse Suites and where totally excited about it. We cruised up to the Top floors, open elevator door and a draft of smoke hits you like a runaway prius. WOW! I am getting 3rd hand smoke. It's okay considering 7 of the 9 guys smoke. We looked around and the decor was dated, extremely early 90s dated. The wall paper was old and crusty. We open the double door and looked around. It was quite impressive. The room was huge. However, old decor, Jack Griswold from National Lampoons would be proud. They don't have an IPOD jack. They have a 32inch tube TV. So we preparty up watching Lakers take on the Thunder - Victory, split up the rooms and I dedicated 1 non smoking suite. Thank goodness. Then the night came, every other room on this floor had a suite party, the hallway was so loud, it sounded like a Friday night dorm room back in college. Everyone left their doors open, drinks and bottles were on full display. The walls were insulated so it was rather quiet unless you count the base traveling in every direction, but hey, everyone was prepartying. I would not recommend these suites to impress a chick, rather to party it up with a group of people. It is like 1100 sq ft of fun. It is not for the romantic. For the old decor and 2nd 3rd and 4th hand smoke, 3 stars.
4	beautiful/classy property.  stayed in deluxe room w/huge-ass tv & internet, MP3/movie capabilities. don't forget yer cables to plug in.  always renovated & sleek & clean.  pool a 4 stars(compared to MGM & golden nugget which are 5star).  brazilian steakhouse(didn't try it).  cool house of blues-style bar/restaurant w/noon-6pm happy hr.  love the theme, gimmicks & volcano. currently has beatles circus solei show & mod bar to accompany it. my deluxe room was worth $100 per weekday stay. i didn't mind, but my brother was pissed there was no in-room coffee maker.
5	I loved this hotel! +1 great atmosphere+1 great staff: front desk was nice & house keeping with excellent+1 great prices. I think It was $100/ night when i stayed here in May+1 walking distance from caesars, venetian, palazzo. So you dont have to take a taxi to get to the night clubs+1 aaaaammmmmazing pool!
3	I'll keep it short, nice hotel for the price and great pool area. Close to all the good stuff.
3	I was surprised at how much I liked the regular rooms versus the suites here.  The rooms are comfortable, considering there were 4 of us girls staying in the same room.  Regular rooms have a modern trendy like feel versus that of their suites. I felt that the suites had a stuffy and mature vibe...that was 3 years ago, so they could have revamped the suites for all I know.  The room was comped, so that made it even better and free wi-fi is a big plus!  Great location...walking distance to Ceasers, Harrah's, TI etc.  I think they need a better pathway to get to the guest elevators.  Each time leaving and arriving into the casino, it just seemed like there was no clear path in getting to the elevators.  I'm not super impressed by this hotel, but I'd stay here again for sure because it is a deal when you use your comps :).
4	I really liked this hotel.... It was my first time in Vegas and I was expecting a lot.... This hotel has great prices, an awesome atmosphere-- it seemed like one of the busiest hotels on the strip.  There is also a Starbucks in the hotel (oh, you won me over right there!) It's also in good walking distance to Caesars, Venetian/Palazzo, and Aria.  If you're into buffets when you go to Vegas, they have an awesome buffet here-- I don't remember the name tho =(.  The rooms were very big and clean.... We left our room at weird times and after I called house keeping to come up and clean our room, they were up in minutes-- awesome service.  Unfortunatey, I did not gamble at this hotel so I can't give you any review on that.  They have an amazing pool too, so if you're going in the summer... DEF. A PLUS.  OH YEAH, did I mention they have a Starbucks in the hotel? =)Overall, awesome experience.... Thanks Mirage!
1	I do not have much love for the Mirage.  Actually, I have none.  Booked the Love package.. so for the price, maybe I should  not complain, but the experience bordered on zero stars.Checked in upon arrival - were told there was a room on the 2nd floor, at a corner, that was bigger, and had a great volcano view.  We said sure thanks- go up to the room, the guy must have meant view of the AC units and systems to power the whole hotel, because that is all we could see (and hear!).We call down, they say oh that's weird, come down and we'll hold your bags and get you a better room, strip view, within two hours.  They say they will call our cell when it's ready so we do not have to sit around the Mirage.  We think, ok maybe this place is not so bad...FOUR hours later we return, they say oh sorry, we forgot to call, and give us keys to a new room.  Girlfriend goes up to room to get the bell boy to bring our bags up, and I go to pick up the Love tickets now that I have an actual room and they can process it.Stand at the Love counter for no less than 45 minutes while the guy seems to be on the phone processing our tickets, then talking to his manager.. and they inform me that the room number I gave is not my room.  WHAT?  I call girlfriend who is in the room, the room number I gave this guy, and she is watching TV and our bags are on their way.  They tell me that is it not my room, I should be in another room.  I say, well I am not moving, they say we have to as there are other people who have checked into the room we are in.  WHAT?  Isn't this why they have computer systems at hotels?I go back AGAIN to the front desk, get a new room, girlfriend moves, and we have to reroute bags to this now THIRD room.  And Mirage offers us $50 to spend at the hotel, but not to be used for that stupid resort fee.  We were so frustrated by dealing with the employees after wasting our entire day, we just did our best to enjoy the rest of our Vegas trip.  We will NEVER go back to Mirage.
4	whooo hooo vegas baby!!! our room had the sickest view of the strip!! the casino was super cold tho. the room was pretty nice. the decor was great but the bathroom was a little small. they had a lot of mirrors but not enough light in front of them so it was hard to do make up. i like that they had an ipod dock so i could charge my iphone and play good beats througout the day. one thing that i didnt like was the food options...nothing really cheep in the place. we went to the deli and got $7 hotdogs. little did we know it was going to be 15 inches long. we also got the blt which had about 4lb of bacon...a bad idea at 5 am lol...the buffet was uhhhh ok i guess. planet hollywood and bellagio were way better. the pool here is amazing!!! its so big and soo lush. the water fall was great to walk underneath. they had a cool little bridge and lots of loung chairs around. the bar wasnt that far from the pool but not inside :( swim up bars would be pretty nice. other than that its a coo hotel...more like classic vegas probably wouldnt stay there again...
4	I kinda had low expectations as I had stayed here some 10 years ago and had vague memories of it being outdated. But clearly some rennovations happened and I was pleasantly surprised. Room was comfortable and nicely appointed. Loved the big almost-love-seat as a reading chair. Enjoyed the pool area, too. My alabaster skin is a testament to my sun avoidance and I was happy to find a little shade to relax in. I'd definately stay here again.
2	Too much noise from the hallway. At ALL hours of the night. Trust me. This place has potential with decor, location, pricing,(minus resort fees) and comfort. But the noise was unacceptable. We were woken up with everyone strolling in at all hours of the night and morning shouting epic things like: " WWWOOOHOOO VEGAASSS BABY" !!"That's cute, the first 4 or 5 times, but seriously at 4 or 5 am, it starts to get old.Resort fees for anyone that is interested, is what makes your deal on priceline/internet go south. Vegas adds resort fees. Which they say is for 'using the resort and getting the paper"etc. We never got a paper, or used the "gym" and had to pay. Mandatory fee. But seriously if I am getting charged $25 a day extra I better get a paper at my door or something. I never did. So, to me, the resort fee is a scam that you have to factor in while reserving a place in Vegas. This is apparently the "norm" in Vegas so be aware as your planning. I am sad, I didn't even get a deal on the new dolphin show.If your gaming in their casino, well expect rude insensitive a-holes to neglect you. It was like a desert when it came to getting a drink while gambling. I spent quite a bit and nearly died of thirst.When I did get a drink,  I sat at the bar and they pre-fix the pouring spout to a 2 count (vs 4 count) and say they "can't control it" on the comped drinks.The best deal was the giant cocktail for $20 we got before the LOVE show, in the love amphitheater . It was strong, good, and huge! The Love show was awesome. It made up for so much disappointment in the resort.The bottom line in pricing: We paid for 2 nights ( Wed and Thurs.) and the 9:00 show with good seats, according to the web sites 'Love package" $358. According to their rep, that fee included taxes. Final bill in reality, was actually $448, with resort fees and other taxes that they "apparently did not include". Well, that is what the manager said when i questioned the price difference.
3	The Mirage was better than I expected, but I'd still have to say it is only about a 3.5 star rating. The location is phenomenal, very short walk to the strip (right out the side door), plenty of great chain places to eat (Chipotle, CPK) all within close vicinity.After comparing it with other locations though, the renovations are nice but just don't cut it for a hotel that used to be on top. The bathroom is small and dated. We did try to get into JET for free but of course, the hour wait pushed us past midnight and tried to charge us $40 both girls and boys! By 12:30p the entire line was gone for JET. For that price we could have gone to XS at the Wynn. The pool was pretty but disappointing as well. They were regular pools with a waterfall in one. It just seemed small for the amount of guests staying at the Mirage. The service at the pool was excellent though.Our towels we requested (twice) for our room also never showed up... And there were also "room checks"? Not sure what that was about.The casino also feels smaller from the lower ceiling, also causing the smell of fresh smoke to sting harder than at some other casinos. If you're a little sensitive to cigarette smoke, this probably isn't the best place for you to spend long hours in.If you're able to score a room for a really low price, this is a good option, I just wouldn't pay over $100 for a room here. Oh yeah, they also wanted to charge a resort fee. I thought that was funny since it didn't really feel like a resort.. It felt like a hotel... .... I paid over $100 for the room and was given the 2nd floor. Let's just say most of my view was a wall and the top of Trump tower.
5	I love this place (made lots of $$$$ at the tables here).  Would love to stay here next time I hit up Vegas.  Good food too.  The Beatles show was subpar.  But the music was great!
4	First time staying at the Mirage, and I was very happy with the experience.  Awesome pool, cabana at Bare on the first day, ridiculously fun bartenders at Kokomo's every night that kept our party going until (gulp!) 6 in the morning...not to mention Carnegie Deli *right there*.  The RhumBar is killer, and the spa will help you "detox so you can retox" right up there with the best of them...We literally had everything that we needed right inside the hotel, and we appreciated that there was no smell of smoke anywhere we went.  Rooms were comfy, and soundproof! Did not hear any of the outside noise that other yelpers here have complained about.  Pool service was great, though I docked one star for the non-hotel guests that seem to make it in.  Club promoters seem to have no problem, though we can't really complain about the club comps that they provided our group.   Still though, makes you wonder.  With the pool that packed, they would do good to make it a bit more exclusive...
4	This was the first time I've stayed at the Mirage in several years.  It was nice to be back and I was satisfied with the overall experience.  Before booking my stay at the Mirage, I have read numerous reviews whether or not I should I go for it or not.  The other reason of course I chose this property was because I was comped--didn't feel like paying out of pocket.Pros- fast check-in service and courteous/friendly staff- valet brought out the car super fast- nice renovated guest rooms supplied with modern tech items- surprisingly hallways not too noisy- gaming area fairly spacious- centralized location to all major attractions- plenty of eatery choices (but go elsewhere...for the $)Cons- elevator area way too far from the check-in lobby area- outdoor pool area too small of an area to relax- guest room bathrooms a tad bit small but somewhat manageable- lobby area could use a little more remodelingOverallSo the question is would I stay there again?  YesThe location is nice and doesn't require the use of a car unless you're really planning to go out of your way (south side strip/downtown, etc)
4	I'd like to start off by saying that I looked at Yelp to help me with choosing where to stay after my hideous experience at the Luxor this past April.  As I went through all the reviews, it was looking as if Mirage was my best bet.  So, I went for it.  I reserved a deluxe room with a strip view, hoping for the best.  We get there, it takes us less than 8 minutes to check-in, went to our room and was surprised to find that we had a great view of the pool area and the strip.   The room was very modern.  It had wi-fi, a flat screen TV, fabulous bed and everything we could ask for.  The Mirage is also situated in the heart of the Strip.  The Forum Shops at  Caesar's is right next door, the Monorail is across the street at Harrah's, free tram from the Bellagio, etc.  One of the best parts of our trip was the Mirage staff.  They were all helpful, courteous and seemed genuinely concerned with our hotel experience.  The concierge, Brandon, was fantastic in going above and beyond with helping us find the perfect seats for the shows we wanted to see.  To make the trip even better, I won money at the slots, had great drinks at The Rhumbar and great breakfasts while watching The World Cup matches at BB King's.  The combination of wonderful hospitality, beautiful surroundings and central location make The Mirage my go-to hotel for now.  I can't wait to go back!
5	The Mirage is always my favorite place to stay in vegas. Especially with all the rooms that have been revamped and improved... I always have a good experience here. The regular rooms are a bit small but its never been a problem. It seems like I always see the most beautiful women at the Mirage, not to mention the most women. I also love Rhumbar and Revolution just to hang out and have good drinks. I also seem to win pretty often in the casino at the Mirage... I just wish I knew when to stop lol
4	I wasn't expecting much since a friend of a friend got us a comped room here last minute for the weekend.  Free parking! Check in is at 3pm and be prepared to wait in line...check out is at 11am.We must have stayed in one of the renovated rooms because it was nice!  Very clean and modernly decorated.  The room is laid out well enough that there is a desk with 2 chairs, and another upholstered chair next to the king size bed.  The bed was pretty comfortable too. Nice size flatscreen tv, but no HBO :( The bathroom was tiny, but nicely done, with a back lit mirror, subway glass mosaic tiles, and  granite counter top. Bathtub/shower could have been nicer, but this was the standard room, so we were pleased. It is also a great location on the strip.  We will be back!
4	Ah Mirage, I have to admit I booked this place with 15 family members with visions of Chevy Chase and Nick Papgorgio dancing in my head. The Mirage is nice. There is a nice mod-Asian feel to the casino and rooms. Everything is nicely decorated and very clean. The check-in is painfully SLOW, but once I made it to the front of the line the staff was very kind and gracious. They even accommodated requests for the folks who wanted to be on the same floor or near each other. The beds are very comfortable, the rooms are pretty spacious and the bathrooms have what you need. My husband and I were very happy with our room and appreciated the ample drawer space and seating options. The pool is a good time, just get your bum outta bed early, reserve your spot and come back down when you are ready. Otherwise you will be sharing a lounge chair with your buddies. Drinks are not cheap, but you can get ice and bring your own drinks. Trust me the poolside $11 iced tea tastes the same as the one you buy at a convenience store, that said - the $32 margarita is pretty good on a hot summer day...The dealers on Saturday night were cold as ice. During the day and at others times they were a more fun and expressed some personality. Jet was a scene, if you like that scene - go you'll spend a lot of money but chances are you'll have a good time. Bare - the pool itself is small and while it is adult only, the main pool offers just as much drunk-chick entertainment.
3	I liked it here - this place was like 3.5.  Came to Vegas with one other girl so chose Mirage more for its affordability (there weren't enough girls to split a Venetian suite) and the fact that the pool seemed cool.  Came in mid-July from Thur-Sun and paid $444.The rooms were nice and spacious.  No complaints about any of it - oh except the fan in the shower was a bit useless so it was a steamy sauna in there after each shower.  Besides that, great comfy beds, good tv, a/c wasn't too loud - it was good.Cardio room was good, really clean, had 8 treadmills, about 6 ellipticals, and a few stationery bikes.  Had water, magazines, towels, snacks.  There was a worker stationed in the cardio room whose sole purpose was to clean up a machine when it was done.Did not get a chance to check out the pool, but my friend did and she really liked it.Food choices were ok.  We went to Starbuck's in there and also tried the frozen yogurt place.  There are some other decent choices, but we just didn't get to them.Every night there are people trying to get you to go to JET.  They gave us a card with the promise of no wait, no cover and free drinks until midnight, but when we got there the mean bouncer guys in black suits said we'd have to wait in a looooong line so we went elsewhere.The best part about this place was really the location.  We walked to the Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn/Encore, Caesars, and Bellagio really easily.  The only time we ever needed a cab the whole weekend was to get to/from the airport and to go to Aria.
4	So for so good, things at the hotel have been good, no puke on the windows, the room is clean and the free wi-fi is a huge plus(writing my review from my room) We would stay again if the price is right.Still need to hit the pool and other things that the Hotel offers.  more to come....
4	When I was a kid, the Mirage seemed like the best Vegas had to offer. We'd walk through the atrium and past the white tigers and I'd fantasize about the day when I could stay there. Luckily for me, the Mirage isn't the most luxurious hotel in Vegas anymore. Because of the Bellagio, the Wynn, and others, the Mirage has become an affordable medium ground between cheesy and cheap strip hotels and fancier ones. My only complaint is that the lobby is pretty over run and crowded. But I guess they're all walking through just like I did when I was a kid. I was also really overwhelmed by how crowded the pool was. But we found a quieter spot on the far end of the pool, drank one of their $18 blended cocktails, and we were good to go. We lucked out and got a 25th floor upgrade. To me, a bathroom is almost more important than the room itself so I was stoked on the glass shower and super well lit mirror. We even went to Jet. Make sure you get there really early - like at 10:30 - so you can take advantage of the free for Mirage guests before midnight deal. Also, get yourself into the invited guest line. Just be sweet and ask the door guys for a favor. You'll thank yourself for it when you cruise in hours before the hundred people in line behind you.
3	I stayed here for my friend's birthday back in April.  We got adjoining rooms, both with two queen beds.  The rooms were all the way down the hall which kind of sucked when we came stumbling back in the wee hours of the morning.  There was plenty of space, so we had lots of room to throw our stuff around.   The beds were nice and comfy with fluffy pillows.The only complaint I have is with the a/c unit.  It worked fine until we all went to sleep.  We think there was some motion sensor because it seemed like it shut off once everyone stopped moving.  We would wake up every now and then because it got so stuffy, and once we moved, the a/c turned back on.  The pool here was pretty nice, but we got there too late to get a good spot.  We were only able to snag two lounge chairs at first, so we hit the pool and ordered drinks.  There's nothing better than waking up and having a Bloody Mary for breakfast!
4	My spouse, 17year old son,and I met up with some friends and stayed at the Mirage for 3 days.  We loved it!  Firstly, because it is centrally located on the Strip, easy access to many other places (yes, we walked to Ceasar's Shops t the Forum next door and The Venetian across the street, as well as to the Pirate show at the Treasure Island).Secondly, it is very pretty, beautiful lobby-- and a smaller, more friendly feeling to the place (altho it is still pretty darn big!!).  We got a room in the tower, with a wonderful view of the Strip and the nightly Volcano show.  Room had been refurbed, and done very nicely--  granite counter in bath; nice storage and flat screen TV;s, etc.  The pool area is beautiful.  The dealers and stickmen in the casino were super friendly and helpful (a couple of our friends were learning to play craps, and I was learning Pai Gow).  We had lunch at the Carnegie Deli-- huge, wonderful sandwiches, great pickles and Matzo ball soup.  One night we ate dinner at the Brazilian steakhouse, it was delicious and great service.  On our final day we ate breakfast in the BB King Blues club.  Excellent omelets, etc. at a very reasonable price.  We were very happy at the Mirage, and would definitely stay there again!
4	We visited the strip two summers ago.We chose the Mirage because of its central location to all the action. Back then they just started with The Beatles show and did not finish with the Volcano in front. But it still didn't take away from the splendor of the building You never realize how huge these resorts are. Kind of gave it an impersonal feel and also promoted long check-in line.  Still staff was nice and attentive. I really disliked walking through the long cold air-conditioned lobby. Rooms were very roomy, comfy with nice scenic view of the strip. Nice A/C & good size flat screen TV. Wi-fi was not free (huge bummer). Pool was very nice, though it did get crowded at certain times. I had fun lounging around. The only restaurant we dined within the resort  was BLT burger, which made for a delicious lunch. I took my profile pic from there :-)All in all, I hold fond memories of the Mirage. After visiting many other places, still think it's one of the best hotels on the strip.
4	aww i love this place!! got an amazing deal for my 21st birthday. we got two rooms that had the connecting door between them so me and my 7 other friends had a lot of fun!the newly renovated rooms are awesome. they definitely modernized the mirage and did a great job updating all the furniture, decor, and quality of the rooms. the service was great and theyre pretty good about letting you check-in early as long as you ask nicely =)the pool here is awesome too. its huge and we didnt have to get out there too early to find a good spot.  the waterfall is a lot of fun and definitely adds to the wow-factor of the pool.ate at kokomo's for my birthday dinner, see my review on that, and also did quite a bit of gambling. they have a lott of roulette tables so if youre into that this is a good place to play since there's so many tables.  definitely one of my favorite hotels, but the rates have gone up a lot since my 21st birthday... you can pay like $30 more and get a room at the encore...but i still love the mirage because it does have a great location!
3	The Mirage was the first hotel I stayed at in Vegas 3 years ago. It has really made a turn for the worse on my last visit August 2010. We stayed in the 2 bedroom suite on floor A. The room was really spacious the theme of red and black was a little dark but nothing terrible. What saddened me about the room were multiple elements that overalll made my allegiance to the Mirage wane. For one was the appearance of the hallway to our room. It smelt of spoiled food, pot and there were multiple balls (that resembled hair) that littered the floor, GROSS! There was also air conditioning problems due to the size of the room. The room was always stiflingly hot when you first walked in, we ended up most of the time in the small bedroom attached to our suite just to cool down instead of enjoying the other section of our large room. The guests before us had obviously tried to open the window and ended up breaking the mold that covered it. So at night there was a terrible whistling sound that woke me up constantly. The lobby also failed to mention that the room next to ours was under construction. All through the day you could hear the banging of hammers and drilling also very loud workers. This could have been an attempt to keep us gambling but left me angered by the lack of consideration. With that said the Mirage does offer a nice space for the down to earth gambler. It is not as flashy or judgmental as it's older sister the Bellagio can be. The Mirage offers a sanctuary for families with children of all ages (where at most casinos they are looked at as the plague). BB King was also in town during my stay being able to see him play was truly once in a life time. I have to admit I am protective of the mirage and my stay could have been a fluke therefore I'll admit that I plan on staying there in the future.
3	This review is for the Meeting Space facilities at the Mirage.I attend a lot of Trade Shows throughout the year and a few of them are held at the Mirage.  I have a bittersweet feeling about those shows as the Mirage is both a good and bad spot for them.  Here's why:PROS- The meeting rooms are in great condition.- The ventilation is just right.  The temperature is appropriate for the large crowds....whether it's AC in the Summer or Heating in the Winter, they get it right.- The banquet and meeting staff is always professional, both in terms of appearance and manners.-  The layout of the meeting rooms allows for good foot traffic flow between rooms.CONS- Parking here is a mess.  The Self Parking Garage can get full very quickly and the parking spaces are tight.  Valet is a nightmare....you can count on at least a 45 minute wait for large conventions if you Valet.- Distance from parking to meeting rooms.....it is a very long walk from the Parking Garage to the meeting rooms.  Valet is not much closer.  It can make for a very long day, especially when you're walking around the Trade Show floor all day.- Restaurant options are far from the meeting rooms.  Yes, there is a coffee shop nearby that sells sandwiches, but that line can get really long during large shows......your only option is to venture out into the casino floor and the restaurants are scattered throughout the property.  There aren't any good quick eats option there.Overall, it's a good experience....not great.Will I return?  Only because I have to.
4	We stayed at the Mirage with a large group of business associates for a convention. In all we had 8 rooms. The hotel has excellent restaurants although the service in the steakhouse between the cafe and buffet is hideous.The rooms are pleasant and a fair size for Las Vegas. We had a strip-view room which was excellent especially since we could watch the "volcano" from above. The rooms are not large enough to have a business meeting with more than 2 people.The room furnishings were comfortable, the bell hops were fabulous, the valet was good and fairly priced, in-room internet access about average cost for the area ($11 for 24 hours), rooms were quiet, water pressure in the shower a little weak.There are plenty of interesting things to do in the hotel if you have children although Vegas is not exactly family friendly - especially if you have very young children. The lush cool interior of the lobby and casino areas is very soothing after being out on the strip during summer.If you are looking for a mid-range hotel with reasonable prices but by no means a low-budget hotel you should be happy at the Mirage. Even during conventions when the hotel is very busy the staff tried to accommodate all of our requests, which were many since we had 8 rooms. Overall it was a very pleasant stay for a reasonable price.    * Liked -- Convenience to activities, views of the strip    * Disliked -- Weak water pressure in shower.
2	Hotel is old and shops are not that great.  The worst SW hotels in LV.  The tank behind the reception is not impressive and the volcano is outdated and boring.  The pool is big and the crowd is younger than i expected.  I opened the curtains for the view and windows were dirty and didnt want to look outside.  There needs to be more shops and better places to eat inside.  The buffet is not that great. pros: location near venetian and caesars and harrahs, beatles love. saw 2 low end celebs and retired atheletes.cons: restaurants, girls, rooms, small bathroom, casino layout, sportsbook.
4	was able to stay here at a comped room thanks to Justin B's high-roller status ;) haha...i really enjoyed my stay at the Mirage and even if I had to pay for my stay I would have said the same thing! easy access to the lobby from the parking structure (level 4 of the structure connects you to the walkway to the hotel) painless check-in process *quick tip - we had other friends staying at the mirage and they tried the $20 in btwn the ID/credit card trick and got upgraded to a nicer room with a view* and overall great service...i really enjoyed the location of the mirage on the strip. easy walking distance to other hotels like Bill's, Harrah's, Venetian, and Caesars. barely had to taxi it anywhere. i can only hope that the Mirage will continue to offer Justin B. comped rooms and that I can take advantage haha.
4	For being over 20 years old, The Mirage is not a bad place to stay in Vegas.  Sure, you'll smell like a chain smoker when you immediately walk in, but I smelled like a chain smoker when I walked into the brand new Aria too.  It doesn't make a damn difference.The location is impeccable.  The Venetian (with it's offspring hotels), Caesar's, TI, Wynn, Encore, Paris Paris, and Belagio are all around you.  The rooms are renovated.  Mine had a walk in shower, new LCD HD TV, super comfortable bed, and great strip and poolside view.  In fact, my view featured the topless pool, which wasn't so bad at all.There are many pools besides the topless one and they serve behemoth and fruity tropical drinks ready for you to spike even more.The Mirage has a diner open all night, tattoo parlor, a booji club and bar, and a celebrity restaurant.Unfortunately, they don't sell a bloody t-shirt featuring a magician and a tiger.  (Ooooh...to soon?)  I would have bought that, only if the money went to a wildlife organization.  The corporate owners of The Mirage kept the place up.  It's a little below The Mandalay Bay but much higher than the MGM.
4	Surprisingly got a nice room. I like the location because it's in the center of it all. I can get to Venetian pretty quick and the cab lines aren't crazy long.Service was pleasant. I'd stay here again.
4	We do not stay here, but always spend time in the casino and shops.  I passed through my Beatles phase many moons ago, and reluctantly bought tickets to LOVE - oh wow - it was so amazing.  I notice my smackdown of The Secret Garden got deleted, but let others discover and complain - not my problem.  I tried.  Still a lovely hotel and a place to spend time.
3	We ended up here late at night wanting to play blackjack.  We got our wish at a $5 table in the back by the Beatles show entrance.  Our dealer was great and was patient with some slow learners.  We broke even after playing for about an hour and all in all, it was a fun time.  Quicker drink service here than at most other casinos.
4	Nice, spacious, clean and well-equipped rooms. They have a very large pool with water cascades, large hot tub and plenty of room to sun bathe in. I love playing in their casino, as I feel their cocktail waitresses are more attentive than at other casinos, heh. Also, they house the coolest cirque du soleil: Love!  The location is great! Very centrally located to everything. They actually have a shuttle to Treasure Island if you're too lazy to walk a large block. All in all, I had a great time. Will continue to come here.
4	Good central location on the strip though it can be a bit of a trek to Luxor, MGM, NY/NY, etc.  but Harrahs, Ceasar's, TI, Wynn, Belagio, Venetian, etc. are right around you. Room was nice with a LCD HD TV and a really comfortable bed. Free wifi was a welcome plus (but they do have the evil "resort fee"). No major negatives but a refrigerator rather than just a minibar would have been nice and maybe offer your guests a discount on the Secret Garden tour. Also you can get a free USA Today in the morning with your room key at the store on the first floor. Large casino with good drink service also. I would stay here again.
4	I've been to the Mirage before a couple times and have been satisfied with my stay usually.  Few minor things like maybe a dirty towel I came across last time but other than that it's been good. my major thing most of the time is having a nice clean bed and I was given that and a damn comfy one too might I add.  If you get a room with a view it's pretty good view while the non view ones are fine if you just want to go back to your room to get ready and/or rest for a few hours.  As for the other stuff at the hotel...people there are nice and helpful, the pool I totally like since it's pretty spacious and looks nice...not that froo froo modernish minimalistic nonsense, plenty of restaurants from different ranges to choose from, and lastly...IDEAL LOCATION.  It was one of the main reasons why I've stayed here a couple times.  Overall good experience at the Mirage and it's a good price, decent, clean, and great location.
2	I can only image this announcement being made down the street at Circus Circus...... "for all you high rollers on the penny slots, come on down to the Mirage where you can pretend to be a high roller there too!" When this was under the Wynn umbrella, it used to have class and an understated elegance but now MGM has ruined the place. Sorry but really nothing special about the gaming floor, the restaurants and when the entry to The Beatles Love is the highlight, it's time to find another casino. The rooms? Marginal for the LV Strip and the same people you see in the casino are the same by the pool which is enough to get me closing my eyes. Can you guess that I'll skip here next time???
4	The Mirage is perfectly located and reasonably priced! This time around we got a Tower Suite and it was gorgeous. Huge flat screen TV in the living room, one in each room and one in the master bathroom. Wet bar, ice maker, iHome and a very nice view of the mountains. SWEET!! Or as we were saying SUITE! ;) No hotel is perfect though and this one had its moments. The casino is large and the staff was very helpful when we wanted to learn craps. The pool is huge but hard to find seating in. I love the little store by the elevators. Perfect for a midnight snack, aspirin or whatever else you think you might need.
4	I stayed here this past weekend and it was great! The room was nice: had a very comfortable bed, large LCD TV, nice bathroom, etc. The staff here was friendly, especially the housekeeping staff, and there is a lot to do. The pool is beautiful! Our view was pretty bad from our room, but we didn't want to pay for the slightly nicer room with the nice view, so that's on us. The absolute best part about the Mirage, though, is the location. On one side you have the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, on the other side you have Treasure Island, and across the street you have the Venetian. If you can't find anything to do around here, you should just go home. The only thing that I didn't like about the hotel was the temperature. This hotel is FREEZING, especially in the hallways to the rooms. My room was set to about 55 degrees when I arrived. TOO COLD! Also, seems illogical to have it that low by default because it probably loses them a lot of money. Anyways, I enjoyed my stay here and I would love to return!
4	Great stay, short lines. good service, nice restauants.  Would return and recommend.
4	All in all, mirage had accommodated my friends and I for a strip view part of Las Vegas strip. Though I would prefer a bit closer to the elevator (our room was literally 2 rooms to the end of the hotel towards the emergency exit door). Price wise was reasonable for the amount of days we stayed in. Staffs were very friendly and got a call from the hotel that we were skipped for housekeeping and we can always ask for it whenever we need to. I thought that was very good customer service (high five to Mirage). The pool side was very nice and large (though it would of make it better if they have a deeper side of the pool since it is 3 1/2 ft. all around). Our room was also nice and had a nice flat screen tv. The bathroom was ok since it feel really small (bathroom door had no lock in it). On the other note, I thank Mirage for our complimentary sparkling wine! =)  Overall, I am satisfied with the hotel and the room. I would definitely come back again and tell my friends and family that Mirage hotel have mid-class rooms for a good price and excellent customer service.
5	The Mirage is *hands down* my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. My first trip here was Christmas 2009 (2 Queen Volcano View) and I've had two subsequent trips back (Feb: 1 King Tower Deluxe and April: 2 Queen Strip View) and I've already got another booked for November.The BEDS here are pure HEAVEN! The linens are soft and the mattresses just sort of hold you and make you feel relaxed and soothed. They are available for purchase in one of the stores on the ground floor, but I've never checked out their price.The location is perfect. You're immediately across the street from Ceasar's, Harrah's Venetian/Palazzo and connected by a tram to the TI. It is far enough up the strip that the cabbies at McCarran will most likely try and "tunnel" you -- they will claim it's faster but it is racking up your total fare and making their profit margin look better. Insist on being taken up Swenson. Inside the casino are some pretty great places to eat. My personal favorite is BLT Burger. I haven't tried any of their fancier places, but the food always looks amazing as you walk by some of the places that have seating near the casino floor. I, personally, was not a fan of their buffet, Cravings, but I seem to be the odd-man-out in the group of people I went with as I know everyone else enjoyed it, and it is often rated #1 or #2 in Vegas.Check-in and Check-out have always been smooth. Never an issue, upgraded two out of three times without having to ask. (And keeping my fingers crossed for an amazing Suite upgrade in the future. It has to happen eventually, right?!?)The hallways can be loud with the sounds of shutting/opening doors and the occassional drunk, but I've found that the crowd here tends to be 30-somethings and older so the noise doesn't last all night like it does at NYNY or the Luxor. Bring some ear plugs if you're a light sleeper who likes to complain. Sign up for the MGM Player's Club, too. The rates you start to get after just one trip of light gambling (I think I 've lost like maybe $100 per trip) will get you some amazing offers.I love it here. It's the second happiest place on Earth. :)
4	This is an absolutely fantastic hotel. The Asian-tropical theme is elegantly and tastefully executed. The pool area is lush and gorgeous. My room was beautifully designed and very comfortable. The restaurants I ate in here (Carnegie Deli, BLT Burger, and Japonais) were very good. All of the staff I dealt with were efficient and friendly. The casino is a lot of fun and the location on the Strip (next to the Forum Shops and opposite the Ventian and Harrahs) is excellent. The volcano is great  fun to boot. All in all, I got great value for money and would happily stay here again.
4	I'm a fan of the show LOVE at the mirage, but not so much of the cockroaches roaming around the garden... beware of this place, but watch the show LOVE... it's awsome !!!!
4	Checked in for a weds - friday, standard room, no view.  Travelers ages: 34, and (2) able bodied 70 somethings.  All have been to vegas several times staying at TI, Luxor, Bellagio, Ceasers, Paris, MGM..etcThe Mirage is def one of the older hotels on the strip, with that said, it seems as though they do their best to keep the hotel from showing its age.Check in: very smooth, although a little odd, they didn't have a formal "line", people just walk up.Room: 21st floor, no view, clean, modern.  Initially the room was missing a bath mat, no big deal for us.  Showers are a little smaller than the newer hotels.  Bathrooms in general are smaller, but the room was def a comfortable size for three people.  Air circulation worked well, hallways are FREEZING but I think thats just Vegas.  Quick elevators.  VERY comfortable beds.  Doors slamming is pretty loud.Pool: this is where the hotel shows the most age I think.  Smaller than most vegas hotels, uncomfortable chairs, and old towels.  and the pool was COLD... for vegas at the end of summer, very strange.  Pool area was full for midweek, good thing we got out there around 10:30 to get 4 chairsRestaurants:  Ate at Carnegie Deli, Poolside Cafe, Fin, and had coffee at Starbucks.   Carnegie deli = HUGE portions, decent food, big enough to split.  PoolSide cafe for breakfast and the food was also good.  Fin was above average chinese food.  Starbucks, normaly starbucks, occassional line.Gaming - didn't do much but I noticed an abnormal amount of penny slotsShow - saw Cirque/Beatles/Love show.  I am a HUGE cirque fan but this was probably my least fave in vegas.  I would suggest going if you are a big Beatles fan.Spa:  I LOVED the spa.  I didn't have treatments but did use steam room/sauna/jacuzzi.  $17 per day (including gym)  The service was outstanding, attendants coming by asking if you need something to drink, it was clean, and modern. I loved it.Attraction:  Def do NOT do the tiger exhibit.  It is crazy sad, with the small enclosures, pacing animals, it is not natural in the slightest.  I predict a short amount of time before something unfortunate happens.Internet: worked well, no issuesInsider Tip:  You do pay a resort fee however, you can go to the gift shop and get a paper and bottled water per guest, per day.  This is not well known and isn't publicizedCheck out: easyOverall I liked the lay out of the hotel, I have stayed at other hotels where you have to walk, and walk, and walk, just to get anywhere IN the hotel.  I like the smaller size, easy lay out, and easy to find restaurants pool. etc.
5	I loved, loved, loved the pooldeck. Great rooms, good service, we were treated great. Drinks and food were a bit pricey but overall I would definitely stay there again. Was treated awesome at Jet, got VIP service all night long and the best table in the house for free!
5	Always a good time at the Mirage.  Still the best pool we know of in Las Vegas, surrounded by foliage, able to find shade if we wanted to.  Hotel is nicely updated, with a few new restaurants since our last visit in 2004.  We would go back again in a heartbeat.
4	Very nice hotel and casino! We stayed here for a week, a couple of years ago, and it was a very enjoyable experience. So much to see and do, but above all a very clean place, conveniently located alongside other great casinos, fantastic pool. I especially liked the little restaurant by the pool - nice menu and killer drinks!
5	I was really impressed with the Mirage. I had been here so many times but never actually stayed here.  We arrived about 11 PM on a Thursday night, check in was smooth. Stayed in a one bedroom suite at the top floor, score. The room was beautiful, the attention to detail was amazing. It was enormous and the bed was so comfortable. There was a bar with mini fridge. They even provided a martini kit. The bathroom was ridiculously large, like it was much larger than it needed to be. It was funny because there were all these amenities like scope and a shaving kit, but when I asked for a comb, they said I'd need to get one from the gift shop, ok... Service was really good as well, except that we needed a rollaway. The first night, it never came. We were so tired, the two people who were going to use it fell asleep on the couches. The next night I called for it early. We got in at 3 AM, and it still wasn't there. I called down to the front desk very assertively, and it was there in 10 minutes. Valet is free for those who complained about parking, and its really convenient to everything, not that you even need to leave the hotel. There's so much to do there. Overall, I was really happy, and would definitely come back. Much better than my last MGM experience at the Aria.
4	Ok, well the Mirage was never high on my list of hotels to stay at on the strip.  Nothing negative, I just never had any associatians positive or negative with it.  The Love show is there but that is the only thing I had ever done there, no gambling, pool, or eating.PositivesFREE WI-FI!!  This alone bumped them really high up on my list!Nice room with a huge bathroom and the windows opened - looked out over the volcano and the Casinos across the street.Volcano Show (updated last year)The Beatles Love Show (Amazing)Secret Garden & Dolphin Habitat (animals are amazingly well kept)Good restaurants like BLT Burger  and Japonais Lounge (separate reviews)Decent pool area but it was cold so I didn't hang out there.NegativesHonestly no major ones, just a big Vegas hotel so little things as you would expect (like crazy annoying checkout).The front desk was amazing when we booked the rooms and put everyone in our group on the same floor, no fuss or balking.
4	The Mirage used to be the cream of the crop when it came to Vegas hotels, but with the arrival of greater competitors such as The Bellagio, The City Center, The Wynn, and The Venetian, Mirage has dropped off and taken the back seat to these newer Five Diamond Resorts.  They need to revamp ASAP or they'll end up like "StarDust"
3	Stayed here recently and was pleasantly surprised at the modern touch the rooms had... There must have been a renovation of sorts in the last few years. The room we stayed in was a good size. 2 queen beds,  a desk, mini fridge, lcd tv (no espn news though), bathroom was decent...  The only problem was that our room was the one closest to the ice machine so we could hear the noise from the ice buckets being filled every time someone went for a refill. Wasn't too happy with that... I mean, it wasn't terribly loud. But it was loud enough to be annoying after a while.Another negative was the amount of time it took for the valet to retrieve our car. Not a pleasant experience waiting for your car for about 30 mins in Vegas heat when you just showered and cant wait to jump in the rental, blast the AC and go grab a bite off the strip. The valets did apologize for the delay but I had to mention the wait.Pool area looked happening. There's a waterfall so that looked like the place to be on a blazing hot day. Will have to check it out more closely on the next trip... We were headed across the street to the Venetian pool. Next time...
4	It's been a few years since we stayed at the Mirage & the updates made to the guest rooms (and the overall hotel) are very nice!  A very streamlined, modern, Cal-Asian flair to the decor ... super comfy bed with down comforter & down pillows & a nice sized flat screen tv.  Seems the only aspect of the guest rooms that were not really renovated are the bathrooms.  The shower was like a prison shower - the water spit out with zero pressure & a haywire stream.  It's almost as though all they did was put in a new mirror & faucets. Housekeeping left a little to be desired in my book - they failed to restock our towels / wash cloths properly & took their time when I requested linens.  I actually had to call them twice.  Join the Players Club- it's worth it!  Check-In / Check-Out = a breeze!  The majority of the dealers here are really cool.  The drink service at the slots is a little spotty - - You'll have to be aggressive & flag a cocktail waitress down if you're really thirsty.  The spa is great - I'll review that separately.  Stack is AWESOME!  I'll also review that separately.  BLT Burger is by far the best of the casual-dining.  Skip the Carnegie Deli - over priced sandwiches that are ridiculously too big to even fit in your mouth, (they also don't have basics like avocado or bbq sauce!)
4	Pros: Great location on the stripCons: None that I can think ofBecause I've lost so much money here, I get comped rooms via the MGM Mirage Player's Club (not sure if that's a good or a bad thing).  Anyway, I remember going here as a little kid and the Mirage has come a long way.  Instead of the gaudy tropical theme they had in the past, now everything is hip, cool, and modern.They have a pretty decent number of slots and table games.  The restaurants here are pretty good too.  If you're in the area, you should definitely, try Stack for dinner and Japonais for drinks afterwards.I like staying here because it's pretty central to the strip (i.e. across the the street from the Venetian, right next to Caesar's Place, etc).Also if you feel like trying the "http://www.thetwentydollartrick.com/" for a room upgrade, I've heard that works most of the time here too.
4	Just got back from a few nights in Vegas where we stayed at The Mirage to rest our heads. The hotel was awesome and right on the strip so it made everything so convenient. We got there around 11AM on a Thursday and went to go check in (although it technically wasn't until 3PM) and they were able to give us keys to a room right away. If we wanted a room on a higher floor or with a strip view we had to wait another 3 hours to see if anything opened up. We decided to pass on that and just headed straight to the room.The King Deluxe room was extremely spacious and has awesome beds, very comfortable and the headboard has a cushion so that was nice for leaning back on while watching tv on the flat screen. The bathroom had a good amount of light for getting ready and the shower head was of good quality, a little bit of lighter pressure than I'm use to but nothing to complain about. You could hear the occasional group of people walking through the halls from the room but the casino noise was non-existent. The casino floor was where a lot of our time was spent. My boyfriend and I aren't much of gamblers so we spent more time checking out the nightlife features (restaurants, clubs, bars). They have a California Pizza Kitchen which was awesome and BLT Burger restaurant that was mediocre. The Beatles Revolution Lounge we didn't get to see when it "opened" because the guy at the door said there was no one in there and people didn't start showing up until 2 or 3 hours later. King Ink which is a tattoo shop and bar has staff passing out wristbands on the strip for reduced entry into their place but when you call their employees act as if your lying about the reduced entry  wristband and say they have no idea what you're talking about and that it's full price entry no exceptions. Rhumbar has good prices on drinks however their servers are ridiculously slow. Jet was nice to check out but wasn't anything impressive or special.Bare pool was closed and we learned  was only seasonally opened so that was a little bit of a bummer. We also got to check out the Cardio Center which is right next to Bliss (a frozen yogurt place) and on a Friday afternoon there was only 1 other hotel guest in there which made picking your equipment easy.  Overall The Mirage is an awesome hotel to stay at since everything is up to date and is located right in the center of the Las Vegas strip. Totally recommend staying here for anybody!
4	I used to stay at TI.  The last few visits we have moved around.  Mirage has been my favorite so far.  Nice rooms, good restaurant selection, good gaming, ok price. excellent location.  Our room looked out over the volcano show, which was cool.  Actually were in the room once during the show.If you want to live it up in Vegas without Bellagio costs, try the Mirage.Disappointment: the brass mermaids that Rusty stares at in Vegas Vacation have been removed.  My nephew once violated one of these and I could not get the camera to work.  Shame to miss out on that, especially now that they are gone.
4	Great Hotel and Casino. The hotel has just been revamped, so all the rooms are extremely nice. Very spacious and clean. My view overlooked the strip, which was beautiful, however the sound of the volcano show was a bit loud. I also liked that my hotel room also included free internet and free access to the cardio room. Most hotels charge you extra for these "perks". As far as the casino, the gaming area is clean and doesn't smell nearly as smokey as the other casinos. The restaurants and bars are great (they have Stack, which is one of my favorite) and the staff is friendly and very helpful.I didn't really get to check out the shops, pool, or dolphin show. I guess that will be on my list of things to do on my visit.
4	A comfortable hotel located at a good location on the strip was my top priority. The Mirage definitely fit the bill. I purchased a basic rate non-smoking room from their website, but the sweet girl at check-in upgraded our room 18 floors up. Our room offered us a pretty nice view of the pool and mid strip (Caesar's Palace, Paris, etc.). Stone and marble line our bathroom; the shower was separate from the jacuzzi tub; there were two sinks; the Babyliss hair dryer alone retails for about $100; and that's just our bathroom. I found it peculiar that we had a huge bouquet of lavender roses and room service came by within 10 minutes of our arrival. It turned out the previous person that stayed in our room was a high roller, and that these extras were for her. huh! If I had realized that earlier, then I would have accepted the food. lol. We were on our way to a show one night, when we saw a group of security guards position themselves by the elevators at the casino level. I thought something exciting was about to happen, so I wanted to stay and watch, but we had a show to catch. Then when we returned later that evening, we realized they were there to check for room keys as a part of their security routine. heh.I feel The Mirage is an above average Las Vegas strip casino hotel. There are a variety of restaurants: Asian buffet, breakfast, froyo, Jewish deli, burgers, coffee chain, pastry/coffee shop, national chain pizza, upscale Japanese inspired, bars galore, etc. I saw their (Cirque du Soleil show) Love last summer, and it was simply fantastic. Gambling? Yes, but I'm not a true gambler. My $20 loss at the one arm bandit box didn't exactly get me excited. But when we were on our way to the checkout desk, I could have sworn I spotted a man tethered to one of these machines.
5	5 start for a hotel? yes really! I've come here for work once, and for pleasure a second time. In all I've spent maybe $300 gambling. Sure, the rooms have always been nice, but I'm no high roller. That being said, since I stayed here and joined the players club, I've been innundated with special offers for the Mirage. I finally took one of them. (book 5 months out, come mid week, and you get a suite.) Holy cow, they weren't kidding. I have a massive one bedroom suite overlooking the strip. Wet bar, 3 tv's. Really swanky.High end room, or low end room - the mirage is a great value for the dollar, and they'll be happy to take care of you.
4	Mirage was a great place to stay, staff was very courteous.  Rooms have a good layout, inexpensive due to getting 20% off on their specials on facebook.  The pool is really nice, but gets crowded on the weekends.  I hate the idea of having to pay $25 per chair to get to the other areas other than the main pool.  I should all be open, and then there would be enough chairs for most everyone to get sun.  Anyway, the beds were very comfy, rooms are nice, and we were high enough up to have a beautiful view of the strip.  Plenty of things to keep you busy here.  We also had our wedding reception here, and the staff was 5 stars all the way around.  Catering was unbelievable, reasonably priced, did everything that we asked for them.  The hotel does sneak in a $15 "resort fee"charge, per day,  on top of your regular room price).  You have to pay this upon checkout.  The resort fee is basically a sneaky fee that you pay to use the small cardio gym, pool, and internet.  So people that think they are getting free internet because the hotel is nice, are wrong.  I guess knowing that I would be using the internet, I would rather have it like this than actually having an option to pay for it, because if I had a choice, I would not pay the $12-15 fee for it, and be p'od that I have to pay for it.  I know, it doesn't make sense, but I didn't say I was rational.  Valet parking was very quick in getting my car everytime.  The only downside that there wasn't much action in the poker room at the Mirage.  Its the only game I play, and fortunately for me, The Venetian which is right across the road (and much more expensive to stay) and has a lot of action going on.  So it kept me pretty happy rather than having to drive to the Bellagio looking for a action packed poker game.
4	I went to Las Vegas and stayed at the Mirage for my girl friend's 21st birthday.  Let me tell you, I was so thankful for the pillow top beds and black out blinds.  The instant I hit the bed, it felt like I was on a cloud and I slept like a baby.  The only thing I disliked about the Mirage was the pool.  It was over crowded and there was no place to lay or sit down.  Thankfully a helpful worker invited us to go to Bare.  We had tons of room to lay down and it was adults only.  Although most women kept their tops on, a select few went topless.  Most of the exposed breasts where Tijuana hack jobs.  Not so great but it was free entertainment!
4	newly renovated rooms - i like! affordable rooms and it's in a great location too!
4	The Mirage is a nice, clean, newly-renovated hotel!  My boyfriend was offered a room-comp here so we set out on a five hour drive to spend a cozy weekend together.The room was kept clean and the bed linens were very downy.  I loved the modern decor and the rooms were incredibly spacious!  While it's definitely not the newest, biggest, or grandest hotel on the trip, it's decent and perfect if you just want to spend some time to unwind.  No nightlife entertainment is really offered here unless you count the Revolution Lounge [Beatles themed].  They have a cool Sigfried & Roy's dolphin show in the Secret Garden if that's your cup of tea.  There's also a tram that connects you to Treasure Island so you can catch the free pirate show if you don't want to watch the volcano show at Mirage.  Check-in can be a bit of an ordeal but at least you can stare aimlessly at the gigantic fish aquarium behind the desk.  Yay?One thing I do hate though is how dark and creepy the hallways are!  Our room was at the very end of the hallway so walking by yourself to meet up with he boyfriend downstairs can cause the imagination to go a bit wild.
4	Nice, spacious room that looked like it had been remodeled in the last couple of years. Great location on the strip, close to everything. The spa was great (separate review). All in all, good hotel for a nice price.
4	Let me start out by saying this was my first trip to Vegas...After a short delay in flight and a longer delay from the airport shuttle.  My partner and I arrived at The Mirage on Thursday around 4:30pm.  Check in was a piece of cake and took less than ten minutes.  Hotel common area was very nice. We went up to our room that was located on the 14th floor.  It was very nice, neat and clean.  The bed and pillows were heavenly.  Everything worked like it should have... (we even used the ironing board and iron).  Our floor wasn't too noisy but could tell on just a couple occasions that the walls are fairly thin.  Location on the strip is amazing.  Friends of ours stayed at The Flamingo because their rooms were cheaper and ended up partying in The Mirage for the duration of our stay.  We got free tickets into King Ink Bar and also VIP passes to Jet Nightclub.... Both of which are conveniently located inside our hotel.  I heart this place and would definitely stay here again!!
4	The Mirage is still a very nice property. This was one of the ones that was fairly new when I moved here in 1991. The Volcano has been a popular free attraction for years- you can actually feel the heat as you drive by on Las Vegas Boulevard and it's even warmer when you're there in person. I've been to the Secret Garden- pretty neat, actually; would recommend it. Price is $15.00. There is an island feel with the registration area against a beautiful aquarium and with the large scale atrium. Years later, the property grounds are still very nice. I still have old pictures of the property from when our friends and family visited from out of town- at the atrium, the statues of Siegfried and Roy. As far as amenities, there are two pools- Bare & the Mirage Pool, Kim Vo Salon, the Spa, the Sports Bar, Rhumbar, Jet, Beattles Lounge, BB King's Blues Club, King Ink, fine dining: Japonais, Fin, Stack, Samba Brazilian, Onda, Kokomo's, casual dining: The Roasted Bean, California Pizza Kitchen, Carnegie Deli, BLT Burger, Paradise Cafe, Cravings, & Blizz (fro yo and desserts). Also does wedding receptions BTW.
5	Stayed here for the first time ever thanks to an awesome deal we got through a friend who got an e-mail...Always avoided it because I hate hotels that charge a resort fee... However, now I am officially in love with the Mirage!It's been updated to a very nice, modern look; the casino has many things to offer such as restaurants, bars, a starbucks and more, it is large enough with much to see, yet small enough to not feel like you are walking miles to your room, and the location of the place is right in the center of the strip. In other words, ultra convenient!If you happen to get a deal, stay here. It's nice. However, avoid Jet, their nightclub. Totally does not fit the vibe of the rest of the hotel... (see review)
4	Good bang for the buck. Great staff. Middle of the strip. Mixed group. Not a new property but it's not outdated by any means overall. Would come back
5	Vegas is not the first place I think of when I want to take a long weekend. You have to be in the right mood. BUT, I had to be here for work earlier in the week, and thought I'd extend my stay into the weekend.My conference was at the Renaissance which is off the strip, so my husband & I switched over to the Mirage. Last time we were in Vegas we stayed at the Venetian which had beautiful rooms, but LOUD slamming doors at all hours of the night. No thank you. The Mirage does have a resort fee which includes wireless internet, gym access, and other things you shouldn't really have to pay extra for. But, it's only $15 and there are worse things.The rooms are recently remodeled and pretty nice. Our room overlooked the dome & strip. They have a lot of restaurants ranging from the relatively cheap Carnegie Deli & BLT Burger, to the pricier Stack (among others) which we tried & was very good. I was happy with the poker room which runs $1/2 all day & night. They keep the cocktails coming, never a bad thing. (Side note: there was the most annoying cocktail waitress though...her voice was like nails on a chalkboard. I wish Yelp allowed me to upload sound so you could hear what I had to endure).I think it's actually 4.5 stars, but I'm feeling generous today. Definitely worth the price if you're looking for a great hotel that won't break the bank.
1	Computers were down upon check-in....we were there for one night and waited in line for almost two hours while they passed out water which infuriated those around me. People want something more than water when they have to wait in line for hours to check in. Ridiculous. Waiting so long made it impossible to have our anniversary dinner prior to the Love show. After checking in, we really needing a drink, the bar we went to displayed Corzo tequila on the shelf. We ordered Corzo and Cointreau margaritas......the waitress came back to tell us that the Corzo was new and has not been priced ( why in the world would it be displayed???) and then went on to tell us our choices. After picking a different tequila she then told us they were out of Cointreau.....on a Thursday evening at 6pm? We left and found another place that had decent tequila choices yet when we chose to use the comp that was offered the manager attempted to refuse it. We were late for the show, I gave him what was owed beyond the comp and left.  After the Love show ( which was fabulous) we went to Jet. After one drink ( which was served in PLASTIC!!!) we asked for a glass of water and the waiter told us we could purchase a bottle of water......really??? We asked the other bartender and we were given water with no ice.  I was told, at the front desk that a manager would give me call. They took my number and it's been several days. I have yet to hear from anyone. I cannot in good faith recommend the Mirage to anyone I know.......
4	Top 3 rules of real estate? 1) Location2) Location3) LocationThe Mirage succeeds by having a great location on the strip wedged between Caesar's Palace and TI.  Across, is the cheapest place on the "new" portion of the strip Casino Royale.  Their Buffet, Carvings, is marvelous and the rooms are newly renovated and very comfy and have got a good feel.  The hotel is well priced in the middle compared to other places and with a huge pool, who can complain?  My only complaint is they always seem to take my money.  But hey, that's vegas.
5	It's a Suite life filled with Champagne Wishes and Caviar DreamsGood- I don't even gamble and I left the Mirage feeling like a winner! The gym & spa are great, but mucho dinero. The shopping ahhhh sales everywhere sales. I pirouetted through the stores all the way down to the coffee place. All while being under the influenza and getting progressively sicker. I mean fever, chills, body aches, who knew Vegas could be such a great distraction. I almost felt no pain. Save for the damn hallucinations in the middle of the night. The location is smack in the middle of everything so it's easy to walk everywhere!!! Tons of different restaurants like every other casino.Bad- NEED CONVEYOR BELTS to rooms soooooo far away. If you are sporting 5 inch heels, just forget it, and go barefoot. Heck I did. It's amazing that after a night of libations, even a germaphobe like me willingly throws caution to the wind, and clomps across the forsaken casino floor sans toe pinchers. Dog Help me, if I ever do that sober. YIKES!!!Stay away from the $7 menu specialty drinks at the sushi restaurant. They taste just horrible and I would rather pay more to enjoy my drink. =(Wifi is spotty at best and WHAT THE HELL VEGAS??!!!! Why can't I get decent phone reception anywhere?????? Build some towers with all your money!!Ugly- Show me the money everywhere you go Expensive!
4	The sheets on the bed are heaven.  Great tv, wifi, nice stores. Obsessed with Beatles Love. I felt like the maid could have done a better job.  The bed was made, the towels replaced quicker than you could snap your fingers, but I wondered if they were clean. (and how clean they were...)  Sure, some of it is my fault for eating cheetos in the bed and leaving an orange hand print on the sheets, but couldn't you have changed that sheet for me?  A little loud at night, but it is Vegas...Very accomidating at the front desk-- moved our room away from the in-laws, printed out our boarding passes..  overall, nice and comfortable.
5	I have been to vegas many times and have stayed at many places on the strip. The mirage is by far my favorite.  I love the pool, the central location on the strip, the rooms, and the nightlife. The only downside to this place is that the sportsbook does not have very many seats. If you are coming to vegas to watch games you better get up early and reserve some seats, otherwise you are going to be standing which can get annoying if you watch college sports all day.  If  you are in your twenties and looking for a place to stay thats classy but also has a party atmosphere stay here.  At other places like the bellagio you will find an older crowd and your trip may not be as exciting.
4	The Mirage is in a great location, right on the strip. It has the Beatles LOVE show as well as the Revolution Lounge and the nightclub Jet. Our room had an Asian theme with pink and purple colors which just screamed girly. Large flat screen on the wall and a bunch of fun oddly shaped pillows, which hurt quite a bit during a pillow fight.There is a lot to do and see at the Mirage. They have two different pools with one being the Bare pool - topless ladies encouraged. The Bare pool is significantly smaller than the regular pool. Being a guest at the Mirage means men can have easy access to the pool (otherwise it can be very difficult)Room service was yummy and filling. Loaded potato skins are delicious but I wish there was a little more variety and sandwich choices.The casino is a good size, much like you would find on any on the Strip. Overall, good choice for a fun time in Vegas.
4	As everyone else has said on here, the location of the Mirage is ideal (it is within a block of several malls in the Venetian, Caesars, and Fashion Mall).  The hotel itself is one of the older ones along the strip, but the rooms have been recently renovated and are very clean, with comfy bedding, flat screen TVs, and large bathrooms.  The casino has an older feel (low ceilings, very smokey smelling, dark), but there are lots of new slot machines and even video roulette and blackjack.  We went to a couple of the restaurants and were very satisfied.  At BLT Burger I tried the turkey burger and it had tons of flavor (didn't miss beef at all!), and a couple of friends loved their specialty milkshakes.  They also have the Carnegie Deli there that is open 24 hours a day.  I must say the BEST late night snack is a potato knish and chicken soup (with or without the noodles/matzo ball).  Service was fine... no moments where I felt like I was not treated well by staff.  The price was also very reasonable.  I would definitely stay here again!
4	The most appealing thing about this hotel for me is its location. I can walk out the doors, towards the main boulevard, and stand on the bridge where the Bellagio waters dance to music or walk a few more feet and arrive at the doors of the Caesar Shoppes where you can walk under a blue sky, indoors, discover Victoria's Secret, and watch the story of Atlantis unfold.I also enjoy watching the volcano erupt in front of the hotel.I'm not a gambler so I bypass the casino located in the lobby of the hotel but I do enjoy the food selection. Pricey, indeed, but the quantity you receive is even more outrageous! I swear, I ordered a deli sandwich and fries (which are charged separately) and my sandwich stood at least 12 inches in the air due to being stuffed with turkey meat. I think it was around $15-18. The fries I paid $5 for could fill a 5 lb bag of sugar. I ended up taking out the majority of the meat out of my sandwich, bagging it, putting it in my fridge in the room, and eating it for lunch for the remainder of the week.I will continue  to stay at this hotel since I do enjoy it so much, it is conveniently located, and they are always offering specials on their room rates,  though, I do have to make it to the Luxor so I can see Criss Angel ... mmm
3	This is one of my spots in Vegas for Sports betting and a central hub to park and meet up. However I did stay there for the first time this past weekend. The price was decent except for $16.20 a night resort fee but I won't hold that against them. The room was decent except a lot of loud neighbors in the hall and next door. Make sure to check your bill on checkout because the minibar is extremely sensitive. So, don't touch anything or you will get charged.
3	One of the 'good' hotels on the strip when it comes to fun cool things to see and do.  The interior garden is tropical and there are little nooks to get lost in... sit and think...and then move on with your coffee before another army of kids come rolling off a sight seeing tour truck. They have a starbucks here , from what I was told, but I never found it.
4	What can I say here. My Fiancee and I stayed here for 4 nights this past weekend. It was a good experience after we just finished difficult times at school. From the moment we got there it was just an amazing experience. The check-in staff was very friendly. They got through the lines very quickly, and answered all the questions we had. The house keeping staff always made the room up nice, and were so nice when you would pass them in the halls. The valet was always quick to bring our car around. The most we waited was around like 5 minutes to get our car. The room was super nice. It had a 42" flat screen to watch TV on. The bathroom was clean, and ready to go. The only bad thing was that the tub didnt drain very well. I would definitely recommend The Mirage to anyone. Its almost in the middle of the strip, and provides a great value for the money you spend.
3	My my how times have changed. I hate to say this but the Mirage is finally starting to show its age. When they first starting remodeling/detheming, I liked the new modern look and feel to the place. The restaurants, the club, the bars were all hip and trendy. Now everything is just tired. There is no longer anything unique at the Mirage. You want modern decor? Aria's got that. You want a hip trendy steakhouse, the Light Group has offerings at both Bellagio (FIX) and at Aria (Union). The rooms are still nice, with comfortable beds, and a nice big screen tv. The bathrooms are a bit on the small side, but are very functional. The walk from the parking garage to the room is quite a trek, so dont forget anything!My last trip to the Mirage had very disappointing service. You could have the nicest building in town, but without great service to match, its all for naught. We found better service across the street at Casino Royale! During check in, I was never greeted with a "hello" or "welcome," but a "credit card and photo ID please." No casual conversation, or even a smile. I think i would have gotten more emotion out of a Self Check-In kiosk. Service at the Roasted Bean coffee shop inside of the hotel was also subpar. The Mirage is still a good value. Its location can't be beat with easy accessibility to fast-food options, and its proximity to major attractions, its a good base for your Vegas vacation. But with lagging service, and a dated interior (when compared to new places like Aria, Encore, Wynn, and Cosmopolitan), you may be better off staying elsewhere.
4	Normally, I'm a fan of The Palazzo.  Love it there  .... but, when going with kids, staying at the Mirage was simply a better choice.  It just *seems* more kid friendly.  We spent the week in the 2-bedroom version of the Tower Suite and it was, well, SWEET!  Floor to ceiling windows in all rooms, colors were dark woods with red (unlike the lime green on the hotel website), spot on strip view (and truthfully, the kids room had a better view than the master simply because of where the bed was placed), 52" flat screen in the living room, 42" flat screens in the bedrooms and 32" flat screens in the bathrooms and a crazy comfortable bed .......all wrapped into 1650 square feet of fabulousness.  I will say this though .... the shower in the (insanely large) master bath had the worst water pressure evah.  If you have long, luxurious locks be prepared to spend some time rinsing out your shampoo and conditioner.   Location is awesome and walkable to all the places we wanted to go.  The pool looked cool but was closed (and drained) for the winter.  I'd love to check it out when the weather gets warmer!
4	This review is for the Hotel & Casino.The Mirage is definitely in one of the best spots on the strip! The placement makes it easy to get to other casinos and clubs.  The rooms in the Mirage are really clean and beautiful.  They did major renovations on all of the rooms a few years ago and totally revamped the casino.  Every room is decked out with marble bathrooms, wi-fi, flatscreen tv's, huge views of the strip, fresh accommodating beds, robes,  mini-fridges, and iHome's so that you can blast your own music!  They constantly have promotional deals going on, and the last time I went we got a deluxe suite for $110 a night.  The casino is relatively smoke free and the craps tables are great too.  I have no complaints about the casino although I could have asked for more waitresses on the floor, they don't come around as often as waitresses at the Wynn or the Venetian.I'll finish with the most impressive part of the Mirage.  THE POOL.  The pool is off the hook! They have a huge sprawling pool with thousands of beach chairs, cabanas, restaurants at pool front, waterfalls, and full bars at pool front.  Lounging at the pool is by far the top activity in Vegas day-life, and this pool hangs with the best!
4	just got back from Vegas for New Year's, so it's time to begin the barrage of reviews of my second time in Sin City.Mirage is a pretty bitchin' hotel. it has a great location in the center of The Strip. rooms were a little classy, fairly large, and the beds were comfortable. not a fan of them automatically tacking on a $15/day resort fee (which is soon going up to 20 or 25), but it's not overly expensive anyway. it also covers wifi, which is pretty cool.the buffet I'll save for it's own review, but to summarize: jawesome.The Sports Bar (yes, that's the name of it) has a sick deal, $10 for 32 ounces of beer. signed me the fuck up for that one.the casino area is very nice and clean, doesn't smell of smoke like some other ones, and the games are varied. crowd is very varied here.was kind of let down that the pool was closed, but it's winter anyway, so no biggie.I would stay here again.
5	when you think of the mirage, you think of a janky old hotel, but i've stayed here 2 times, and have been very happy with both stays.  there is a giant saltwater aquarium at the lobby, and there is a tropical atrium walkway with waterfalls along the sides leading to the casino and hotel rooms.  they have redecorated the rooms since i was here last (about 10 years ago).  if you're going to watch the beatles love show (which is awesome, btw), you get to go in the vip line for will call.  there is a cpk, a starbucks, blizz froyo, and various other restaurants and shops.  and there's also the siegfreid and roy secret garden dophin and white tiger habitat by the pool outside which is pretty neat.  i don't think a lot of ppl opt to stay in this hotel, so you usually get a room with a view of the strip (and volcano too, if you're lucky).  it's located near the middle of the strip, so it's quite convenient.  it's right between the cesar forum shops and fashion plaza mall, and across the street from the venetian shops as well.
4	I was so ready to spend it big on The Wynn when a nice deal from The Mirage caught me off guard.And it was so worth it.Spent New Year's Eve and a few days before for a hell of a deal. Best hotel decision I've ever made.I've stayed at the Imperial Palace last time and I really loved the proximity of not being too far away from anywhere on the Strip (well, MGM-area doesn't count, that place beyond there is dead) so I was more into finding a cleaner hotel in that area.But I'm talking about lights, nightclubs, free attraction shows, this is where it's at! The heart of the strip! And damn right, The Mirage was the perfect hotel! I checked in way sooner than I was supposed to arrive because of weather issues and flight delays in the East Coast, so my original request of being on a high floor with a straight view of the Strip was somewhat not honored and ended up on the 9th where all I could look down on was a huge glass ceiling. Boo hoo. At first, I was really upset since I've called twice to make sure I'm on a higher floor prior to checking in. It's not so bad though, since a lot of people checked in that day and I still got a view of the strip and large fires from the Volcano regardless, if only it wasn't all black down there. But my hotel room was a LONG walk from the elevators.As soon as I walked up to my room, I already felt welcomed in there. The room was absolutely gorgeous! Had all the amenities there, EXCEPT sandals and showercaps. But the guy who brought me those ammenities was real nice about it. VERY soft pillows, had to stack the pillows up to sleep since I have neck pain (I suggest those of you who have neck pains like me do the same). Clean bathrooms, free wifi (if you're a guest), mirrored windows, flatscreen tv, and even an iHome dock! But what I loved MOST about it was the desk chair. You can lean back all the way you want, it's still solid on the floor, baby. Honestly, the rooms are really far from the entrance to the Strip street. Pass by poker tables, strippers, and lots of smoke. That Revolution lounge is gorgeous, by the way. The front of the hotel is gorgeous though, very calming and relaxing by the waterfalls. Since I stayed for New Year's Eve, they gave a complimentary autograph (no preprinted stuff A-list celebrities like Cameron Diaz, Nicole Kidman, Meryl Streep and Tom Cruise's secretaries give out) signed by Terry Fator and chocolates! By the way, they check your room key at night so make sure you have a room key with you (why wouldn't you?). The only problem I had when I checked out was they charged me $16x.xx for a 4-night stay, including resort feel,  because I opened the fridge occassionally to put the drinks I bought from outside. Huge WTF. Apparently, the fridge is monitored each time you open the fridge, they charge you, assuming you drank/ate something. Doesn't matter though, they send someone to check if you really took something out.Overall, a great hotel and I loved how proximate it is to the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. Very friendly staff as well. You definitely will get your money's worth. I'd definitely come back!
4	I've always really liked The Mirage but had never stayed there until 2009 when a friend of mine and my daughter took our yearly trip together to Las Vegas.I am very happy I got too stay there. We had a great room on like the 20th floor. Our beds were awesome and our view was looking directly at The Venetian and Harrahs. The windows open up here but DONT drink too much and start yelling out the windows because you will have 5 huge security guards break into your room, like we did. No biggy I thought it was funny and it gave me a great story to tell.Now we really enjoyed the pool. My daughter was pool crazy so we spent a lot of time down there and I even got in once or twice. The temp of the pool was perfect so I was very happy. The only bad thing that happen at the pool was it was very windy.My friend and I spent a lot of time downstairs every evening on the slot machines and I even won. I was playing on a penny machine and was on my very last spin and ended up winning something like 229 dollars. I cashed out and left happy.Everytime I come to Vegas I always make it a point to visit The Mirage. This is where I like too do most my gambling and I just really like everything about this place.I cant wait to visit again..,.soon!
4	We a got a good deal on the room and throughly enjoyed it.  We had the basic room with 2 queen beds, nice flat screen TV, great view, no mold, very comfortable bed, very clean.  The kids enjoyed being in the middle of the strip- not to far from any of the entertainment.  The hotel is about as nice as you can get and still have fun with the kids.  The carnegie deli and self serve yogurt were a big hit with the kids.   The sandwiches in the deli were great, but huge- I'm talking about a pound of pastrami on the plate with two pieces of bread.  You have to eat it with a fork.  Nice atmosphere throughout the hotel.  I would be happy to stay here again.
4	The Mirage was the Standard of all of Las Vegas for many years.  They have updated all the room decor and bathrooms.  A solid 4 star resort that has a little bit of everything.  One of the friendlier kid hotels on the strip with a Dolphin and White Tiger encounter (mini-zoo), easy shops, and fun restaurants from CPK to the House of Blues.  The hotel is legendary for it's involvement and helping put high stakes poker on the map.  It was featured in the movie Rounders staring Matt Damon and the legendary Johnny Chan.  The Siegfried & Roy White Tiger show is no more but the Big Cats are still on display in the garden area(s).  The rooms have been redone and resemble Aria Hotels layout and design.  Obviously the parent company felt a need for consistency among it's properties when upgrading.   Every hour the Volcano erupts in front of the hotel, there is a large fish tank behind the registration desk, and an incredible atrium in the front of the hotel.  The Mirage is starting to show some signs of wear and tear but it continuously hanging on to a solid 4 star rating.Gambling is king here as well as Bellagio and Caesars.  Poker is absolutely the BEST here as all the high stakes games are still being played as featured in Doyle Brunson's Super System Book.  The restaurants are still very good and very expensive.  It's hard to find faults in this hotel as it is still one of the best in Vegas.  With that being said, it has lost some of that magical feeling upon entering the hotel that it once possessed.
3	Why do people love this hotel so much? I had way more fun at the Hard Rock and the room was even newer for half the price.Went here recently around NYE 2010 and had a decent time. The rooms are pretty big but the bathroom is tiny. I do appreciate the full length mirrors on both the closet door and wall - this is helpful when you're staying with 3 other girls and need to get ready at the same time.I like the flat screen and the music channels, and convenient location on the strip; but even so, I'd rather stay at Treasure Island next door because at least they have 24 hr pho!
5	Hmm. Ive actually stayed in this hotel many times during my stays in vegas but more so recently since the reno in 2008. The rooms are modern and fresh, the beds are comfortable, and the housekeeping don't seem to knock on the door at 9am on a sat morning! I hate when that happens..I mean I know its vegas and we hardly sleep but I need to catch at least 3 hours before I go again!The bathrooms are clean, the hotel staff are nice, the hotel is pretty much in the middle of the strip with access to everything.I will def stay here again :)
3	The MIrage is cool, but I can't figure out what their theme is... I see trees and waterfalls, then I see aquariums.. I'm just not sure.In any case, we came here to see LOVE by Cirque Du Soleil, which was pretty good. However, it's a popular show, so the casino was PACKED when we got there. Not the usual kind of packed, but the "please don't touch me, oh god, what's that smell, sweet mother of shit, somebody get me out of this clusterf*ck" kind of way. After the show, we stopped by the bar near the registration desks and this self-proclaimed bookie talked our ears off for a good hour. We thought it'd be a good place to people-watch but we turned out to be the spectacles ourselves. Luckily the bartender tried to save us a few times with separate conversations, and luckily the guy got too drunk to speak by about 1am and we ducked out of there.Overall, I hear the rooms are quite good, but due to the clustered casino and crazy long line for a taxi, I'm happy just to visit.
4	I just wrapped up an amazing weekend in Vegas, and I stayed at The Mirage for three nights.Overall, The Mirage is one of the better hotels in Vegas.  It's just a step below The Venetian (my favorite hotel in Vegas), but the price is also a bit lower.  If you have the money to go all out, I recommend The Venetian.  If you have a pretty tight budget but still want to experience luxury and comfort, then The Mirage is a great choice. Positives: The price - My average rate for the three nights was $199.  This was during a crazy weekend with CES and AAE going on, so the rate isn't bad at all.  This was $100 lower than the lowest price available at the Venetian (but it was a regular room at the Mirage vs. a suite at the Venetian...). Rooms - The rooms are starting to show their age, but they are still quite nice.  I also love the beds, and the bathroom amenities are impressive.  Location - It's in the heart of the strip.  Even if you can't afford to stay at one of the more luxurious hotels like The Venetian and The Bellagio, they are within walking distance.  Casino floor - They have just about everything you need here including a nice sports book.  You won't have to go anywhere else because there is something for everyone (even high rollers...).  Negatives: Service -  The employees are ok I guess, but I did have a few issues.  During check in, they only had a smoking room available the first night.    It turns out they gave my non-smoking room to someone else since I didn't arrive to the hotel until 8:30 pm, and the hotel was sold out.  They didn't even apologize for this.   Instead, they acted like this happens all the time and were doing me a favor by transferring me to a non smoking room for my second and third nights.  All I needed to do was to call to see if the room was ready, and they would automatically set the key cards to work with my new room.  I'm not usually one to complain so I went with it.   The next day, I was rushing to get to a show on time, but I also wanted to transfer rooms before heading out for the day.  When I called, they said everything was good to go, but when I got to my room, the key cards didn't work.  It ended up taking about an hour for them to correct the issue, and I was late to my event.  Not cool...Restaurants - Maybe it's just me, but I was not too impressed with the restaurants in The Mirage.  I tried Cravings (the buffet), Carnegie Delicate, and BLT Burger.  They were all mediocre, and I would never go back...Bathrooms - These are pretty damn small...I took a few nice pictures of the room, bathroom, and the exterior of the hotel, so check them out. The next time I'm in Vegas, I'll check out The Venetian first, but if that doesn't work out, The Mirage will be my next choice.
3	The first year this casino opened I hit the only royal flush I have ever hit.  I did it at a bar on the floor that has been gone for over 10 years. I probably dropped all my money back her since then. This trip to Vegas I stopped at the Sports Bar and played for a while and actually won $20.  They also had Widmer Hefeweizen on tap which was a big plus.  If you stop here it is well worth your while to go out back and see the dolphins from underwater and the other animals in the small zoo.
5	So this is long over due, but definitely well deserved and if I could give more stars I would.November of last year on the weekend of the 19th, I went with my boyfriend and his parents to Las Vegas for his mom's birthday celebration. We stayed in two regular rooms on the 6th floor, which had a lovely view of the strip and the rooms were very nicely organized and clean. We stayed til Tuesday and during our stay, the hotel's staff was nothing but welcoming and provided great service.When we left on Tuesday to return home, we thoroughly enjoyed our time spent there. A day after returning home, we received an email from the hotel asking if we left anything valuable. Assuming it was I , who may have been forgetful, I rummaged through my suitcase and tried to recall if I may have left something. They boyfriend then proceeded to ask his parents if they left anything, and that is when we realized his mom left her Chanel diamond bracelet. The hotel's lost and found personnel responded by saying one of the maids found the item in their room and returned it to the Lost & Found office. We were amazed at how kind and professional the Mirage Staff was with the incident. We are very grateful that whoever the individual was that found the bracelet was kind enough to return it. This isn't always the case, as the prior year, my boyfriend and I stayed at Caesar's Palace where he left his ipod touch, and on the way to the airport we contacted Lost & Found as well as the Room Service and Cleaning Staff, they replied that nothing was found. Although it was unrealistic to have that returned, I knew that someone who was cleaning up probably swooped it up. It's reassuring to know that The Mirage Hotel & Casino, have some great people working there.
3	I liked the revolution lounge the most! The vibe is pretty decent and the crowd is pretty young which I like. This place is pretty clean and doesn't really smell bad. I'd want to stay here!
5	This is one of the best hotels in Vegas, hands down. A friend and I stayed there for 3 nights and it was just sheer bliss. I wish we could have stayed longer. I will definitely be back for my birthday in October. The rooms were so sound proof that I couldn't hear anything. Either that or i was on a floor with very quiet old people. The location of The Mirage is very convenient because its kind of in the middle of the strip. We didn't need to use  a car, instead we used the tram or just walked.
2	Didn't care for the Mirage, which is really disappointing because I was really looking forward to staying here. Against the advice of a friend that had stayed here before, I booked 4 nights in connecting rooms for my husband and I and my brother in law. The walk from the front door to the casino was insane. I have never experienced anything like that. It's quite a pain in the ass when you are tired and just want to go to your room and having to walk completely through the entire busy as hell casino and dodge drunken people in the process. Every hotel in Vegas I have ever stayed at had some walk to the room, but the Mirage is in a league all it's own. I wouldn't stay here again based on that alone, but there are a few more things that I didn't like.The resort fee was too high in my opinion, but I have never had to pay a resort fee before so it could have been right. Wireless internet is included with the fee which is good, but they forgot to tell me that is was very, very slow and would be near impossible to use. The rooms were bland, but I liked the mini bar and used it. The bed was comfy enough, but the pillows felt worn. The thermostat never worked the entire time we were there, but thank goodness it was January so it didn't get too uncomfortable in our room.All in all, it was an ok stay, but I wouldn't stay here again even if I get some free room comps next time.
5	I'm completely sold on the Mirage. I really am. I've stayed at many hotels in Vegas and this by far takes it. For the price you pay it's definitely worth it. The hotel is clean, smells good (not too bad on smokey side like other hotels) and the rooms are decent size (bathroom is a little small but manageable). My girlfriends were able to score us a room on the 22nd floor facing the volcano and we were super pleased with that. The only issue I really found with the room was the temperature. It was on the wonky side but once again still manageable. The windows open which was a big help! We didn't get to visit the pool so maybe next time but all in all the property was great. Not to mention the location, it's literally near everything you want to do. I think we took one cab and walked the rest of the time. I cannot wait to stay here again and seriously for the price we paid I can't complain!
4	This is one of my favorite places to stay.It smells good, its VERY clean, and your ears don't hurt from the sound of slot machines like the Bellagio.The rooms are wonderfully decorated with a big 42" panel tv on the wall, and all the connectors on the desk for the business traveller. It was very cool hooking up the laptop to a vga port on the desk and watching netflix in my room as if it were pay perview.My ONLY gripe is the room I am staying in, the water pressure sucks..
4	We got an email offer for $44.00 for a Thursday night and $77.00 for the weekend nights. Bear in mind that nearly all the hotels and resorts are now tacking on a 'resort fee' of $15-$25 per night. For this added tax you get free internet, parking, and can print your boarding pass. Big whoopee, you cannot say, no thank you, it is annoying, why not just slap it on the room rate and be done with it? Despite that, our rate was amazing value and we expected a little room overlooking the parking garage. But no, we had a large room facing the strip and the volcano! The rooms have been refurbished and are airy and stylish whilst feeling comfortable, we were impressed. The bathroom was a little cramped but the free toiletries are lovely and the towels and robes were fluffy and soft. The casino itself is a nice size, not overwhelming, nor poky and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. There are several choices for food and they offer a good range of prices, there should be something for everyone here and if not, then you are in the heart of the strip. We would not have stayed here if not for the deal and now we are glad we did.
4	First, my complaints:1. Trying to get a hold of anyone at the front desk on the phone was a hassle. I was put on hold automatically by the system and had to wait several minutes.2. They absolutely refused to give me a late check out. Not even 1 hour later.On the plus side, the hotel was much nicer than I had expected. The room rates were insanely reasonable for the quality and the nice girl at check-in upgraded me to a fantastic suite when I arrived.Very convenient access to the strip and walking distance to the Forum Shops at Caesars and the Venetian.
4	I was pleasantly surprised when we stayed at The Mirage. The room is decent sized... Choices for late night dining... Bathroom kind if small, but try going to Paris or any other European city and see the size of your bathroom. Just sayin, spoiled Americans.. The check in staff.. Awful.. Rude beyond words. The girl acted better than anyone.. & never mustered a smile the entire time.. We were stuck here after flight issues so it's okay for one night.. But that check in girl.. Wow. The hike from check in to elevator.. Long. And no one offered to take bags when we got out of cab. It's the little things.. Location is good... Mid strip.
3	I'm really on the fence between the three and four stars.  My friend and I were there at 3:00pm (official check in time) and we were told that NO rooms were ready except for one that was a smoking room with no view.  I hate smoking rooms so that wasn't even an option for me.  I booked this room really cheap at $39.00 per night...and I think that they just advertise those prices and once you get there those rooms don't exist or you need to wait THREE additional hours for it to be cleaned.  I think NOT!!!  I just drove 5 hours to get here...I am not waiting three more hours for a 10 minute clean job plus I had tickets to the Love show for that evening and I wanted to get ready and relax before the show.But of course for $20.00 more a night you can "upgrade" your room and have a view of the strip.  I was really unhappy about being backed into a coroner like that but I was tired so I did it.  But I still feel that they ripped me off.  And of course it was the VERY LAST room at the end of the hallway...which I told her I didn't want but she gave it to me anyways!  Other than that the hotel is well maintained.  The rooms are decent...the bed was really nice and comfortable...and I did have a nice view of the strip.  The location of this hotel is great and probably the best thing about it.  They also have some nice restaurants to choose from, a free Volcano show and the Dolphin/Tiger habitat.  I would probably stay here again but I would just book a nicer room to begin with so I won't be hit up with upgrade charges at the last minute.
4	They've got a tropical forest entrance for starters. You walk in and you take on a jungle atmosphere, mist of the waterfall and all. I love Kokomo's Steak and Seafood which is downstairs. At night, you can look outside your window and they have this dramatic volcano fire show, pretty awesome. Cute hotel and I fancy its location on the strip.
4	This review is mainly for the Love theater where the AWESOME Beatles Cirque show is playing, but I first must say to the owners that too many plants is overkill. What if someone was afraid of the rainforest or something? Ok, done.The theater is NICE. It was definitely made for this kind of show. The gift shop window on one side opens up, allowing more people to walk through when it gets busy after the show and the gold balls accentuate the hallway to the casino. Kudos to the owning company for getting this show!
4	The Mirage is a great place to stay on the strip.  You can't beat the location - with good access to walk to the Wynn, Bellagio, or across the street to the Venetian.  There are also good restaurant options on the property - Stack, the hamburger place and the Carnegie Deli are all great places to have a bite to eat.The rooms here have been updated over the past two years and they are modern and well appointed.  The bed is also very good, firm and comfortable.Keep an eye on their website as there are typically several deals available that offer a very affordable price for your stay here.The only downside for me is that the poker room isn't as popular or busy as it used to be.  I played mostly at the Venetian because of this...
3	This place was pretty cool even though I didn't stay here, but I checked in for my friend to stay couple nights.  Walking distant to a lot of shopping mall and assuming it's relatively inexpensive since it's also one of the older LV strip hotel.
4	There's a reason Clark Griswold brought his family and it's because The Mirage is awesome. Regretfully we didnt stay here and that's the reason for the 4 star review, but I had zero problems with The Mirage. It's really a beautiful place with a great entry, well placed gaming and just a great overall design. We spent a lot of time playing a computerized roulette with a live wheel as well as blackjack. Now as with the rest of the city, there are a ton of automatic shufflers, single-decks and the amazingly stupid rule of having the dealer always hit on a soft 17. Mindboggling. Aside from that there's the Cirque show Beatles LOVE that I wish we had the money/time to see, a few great restaurants and an excellent sports book. We probably spent the majority of our Vegas time here and it did not disappoint.
4	I really like the Mirage for it contains an understated elegance in its rooms, setup, and casino / hotel that I have yet to find elsewhere.I always get suckered into visiting the garden. Yes I pay for it every time except for when I get a free hook up from registration. I don't know what it is about it, it's just great.The location of the Mirage is fantastic, they host LOVE which you can get a discount to if you stay with the hotel, which is fantastic, and the rooms are so comfortable, understated luxurious like I mentioned, and the new flat screen TVs are a great touch since everyone in Vegas seems to be getting in on that.The Mirage, contrary to what I thought, was not old and run down at all. Perhaps it was because of the renovations they did, but either way it is way nicer than you think. The only thing I'm not too fond of is the club. They freely discriminate against men, so don't bring your significant others but do bring large groups of girls. Eh.
1	box office service sucks!
3	The beds are way too soft. Good  service and pleasant staff though.
5	For this Vegas virgin no more, I must say my trip to Sin City was all that I expected and a million times more!! And choosing the Mirage to spend four glorious nights in was the right choice. From booking six months in advance, to check in, to check out and everything in between, I was constantly happy with the service of the hotel, the quality of the accommodations, and the overall experience. We snagged one of their 24-hour sales early last year for an October 2010 booking, and ended up paying less than $90 a night. The rooms are classy, very modern, very clean, and spacious. We were on the 12th floor with a Volcano view room, and were able to catch the backside of the Volcano show whenever we were in our room in between doing the Vegas thing.My Mirage highlights include: Watching and rooting on my San Francisco Giants to win game one of the 2010 World Series in the Mirage Sports Bar, much grubbing on California Pizza Kitchen, and riding the same $100 on the roulette table for an entire hour!I would definitely stay at the Mirage again!
4	Stayed here when I went on a family vacation to Vegas.  We were given a room with a view of the strip and an even more amazing view of the erupting volcano.  On top of that, they were having a promotion on their website that included 2 free buffets at Carvings buffet and 4 free admissions to Siegfried & Roy's Secret Garden & Dolphin Habitat... sweeet deal!The hotel is centrally located on the strip between Treasure Island and Caesar's Palace.  They have a tram that takes you to TI if you're not up for the walk.The rooms are newly renovated and very spacious with modern decor.  The beds were also very comfortable.  The bathrooms were on the small side, but I can deal.  Love the theme in the lobby and the giant fish tank by the front desk.
4	Reader beware... this review is not for the Mirage hotel...because i didnt stay there. This is for the bathroom in the mirage hotel, right next to the buffet. We walked over to the Mirage to eat at the Flavors buffet. The buffet was good...but thats not what i am writing about. Halfway through the meal my stomach told me that i was having an emergency. I didnt walk, i ran to the nearest bathroom. As soon as i entered the bathroom my delicate nasal passages were delighted by the fragrant scents. I looked around and everything was sparkling and clean. I said to myself "self, this is the nicest effin bathroom i have ever been in." I then proceeded to unload 4 or 5 shells of the chocolate shotgun into the pristine commode. I definitely left this bathroom worse off than i found it. On a positive note though, by unloading the entire contents of my small colon, it made more room for more jumbo shrimp and crab legs :)
3	Although it is centrally located and has the cool imitation-volcano in the front, I left with mixed feelings for a couple reasons:Even though I requested a Strip-side view of the volcano, I got a room on the back-side near the elevators.  The walls were paper-thin, and hallway traffic (including screaming and shouting from passing guests) could be heard off-and-on all evening.  However, I will confess that the view was still decent and the decor in the room was nice.  But, the hotel was still overshadowed by the lack of solitude in the rooms and the jacuzzi (as of 2/20/11) was far from being adequately heated.  Plus, the hotel attempted to charge me for the entire mini-bar in the room.  Evidently, there are sensors on the mini-bar that detected when I removed items to refrigerate my own.  However, there was no warning present on the mini-bar, and it caused unneeded hassle.
3	I hear good things but realistically the mirage just isn't my style. I dig the modern and eclectic and this place is just old farty to me. We went to see the lions but that didn't end up happening so we took the tram to TI to see dophins.
2	Not so great.  The deluxe room is 2 queen beds with a big tv and plain bath/shower.  The tub had several chips in the porcelain (how does that happen?).  The pillows and bedding are pretty good but I still felt like I needed to check for bed bugs.
4	Perfect location. Nice and clean room. The service could have been improved a little bit (long line waiting for check in, no smile at all), and it wont hurt to include in-room coffee. I am giving this place a between 3-4 stars.
2	The Mirage is OK but this review is more about their gym, or lack thereof.How can you have a resort hotel this size, with massive conference facilities, and have a gym that's so tiny?  The gym consists of 6 treadmills, 5 stairclimbers, and 5 cross trainers.  And 2 of the machines were broken.And there was a line out the door.  Sooooo lame!
4	Good hotel. People where very helpful, clean, fun. Got a great rate with my player card and though we'd try them out. Got a great "$20 trick" upgrade, 25th floor, "honeymoon suite". No view, but the view I'm looking for in Vegas is the stack of chips in my hand. Long taxi lines tho (TIP...walk next door to Cesar's, 7 minutes away, and get taxi from there. Will save you at least 15-20 minutes). Good hotel, great bar across from the check-in. My girl said "MMMMM, best Bloody Mary." Maybe it was, so it was from the feeling the night before left. Will be back to stay as soon as my comps come in!!!
3	I hope they fired the idiotic valet driver that almost ran me over just to beat a red light, and ended up smashing into another hotel guest's Hyundai. Disregarding the fact that they hired a psycho maniac driver, I can't complain too much about The Mirage. Rooms are offered at a decent price, but have been noticeably steeper than what they were in the past. The exotic gardens located at the main entrance make a great photo op. Every dining venue in this building is a tasteful experience and not one to be missed. I especially recommend Japonais, Kokomo, & Samba. And last, but not least, there's a considerable amount of tables scattered amongst the casino grounds. I've seen the basic black jack limits start from $5-15, so it's not a bad place to start off if you're a small gambler. It's a shame they don't pay out for quad aces in the poker room. I've hit some of my biggest winning  pots here, yet no extra cash for the rare obtainable hands. Based on a great location on the strip and being close to all the nearby hot spots, I'd recommend staying here. Just remember to look carefully before crossing the street...
4	I enjoyed my stay at the Mirage. One reason is I like the way the casino floor is laid out and I like to stay where I like to play. I enjoy the buffet here, numerous restaurants at various price points and service levels are generally high. Room service was fast and efficient even at 2 or 3 in the morning.  I will say that their call center must be run by retarded monkeys since they managed to mess up everything about the 2 rooms I booked. However the front desk staff did a great job of correcting the problems and comping us for the inconvenience so I especially want to point out the great job Relita did in helping us.Additionally there are two good dance clubs Jet and Revolution, an outdoor bar and a good quiet bar by the sports book. Most in the party won so that is another plus but one that can't be counted on in the future.The hotel has a great outdoor pool, an indoor adult pool and the dolphin experience where you can swim with dolphins. You can also go through the tiger compound still there from Siegfried and Roy. The gym as mentioned needs a serious upgrade but then it is Vegas you have to check the healthy lifestyle for a few days.I would definately stay here again as it offers better value than some of the surrounding resorts and it's central location makes cruising the strip easy.
3	We milled around in the Mirage on Mon 2/22/11 waiting for Yelp Night at Jet to start. I played the penny slots trying to win the BMW that was spinning around on a lazy susan above my head. No luck there. I went back into King Ink. It was soooo different at night. I left.I went onto Jet with the rest of my friends. I'd return I guess. It's a-ok with me.
4	An Oldie, but still a Goodie. Love the indoor jungle theme, tropical plants and exotic flowers. Nice spa with great service!
4	I really enjoyed my recent stay at The Mirage.  After a few unpleasant encounters at check-in at previous trade shows in Vegas, it was very refreshing that the front desk was so helpful with not hassling about our prepaid card and didn't charge us a ridiculous amount for incidentals when we were just there for work.  For that - THANK YOU!  The rooms are ok.  The beds are very comfortable and they sell their sheets and pillows down in the gift shop.  Lots of restaurants and bars to choose from.  My only complaint is that the ventilation isn't that good and when you turn on the fan in the bathroom you can smell smoke - even in a non smoking room.  Free Wi-Fi was also nice.  I didn't feel like the Mirage was trying to get my every dollar for anything they could think of and that I appreciate.  I would stay here again.
4	I've stayed at The Mirage a number of times and have always had an amazing time. One of the nicest things about staying at The Mirage is the location. The hotel is located in the absolute heart of the strip. Across the street are the Palazzo and Venetian, next door is Caesar's, and you aren't far at all from The Wynn. The rooms have all been recently upgraded to suites. The new layouts are huge step up from the dated rooms that they used to rent out. The beds are really comfortable and the rooms have a great modern feel including flat screens in every one. During the summer the two pools at Mirage are a great place to spend the day. Bare is the adult version of the pool and is significantly smaller and more private. It's a topless pool that caters to a 20's and 30's crowd where the alcohol is always flowing. The main pool is less party oriented, but still really fun. The pool serves the best frozen drinks on the planet, they are the ultimate hang over cure. The Mirage is a great place to stay in the heart of the strip if you don't want to shell out the money for Belagio or the Wynn.
2	Beware  the Resort charge that no one mentions until you see it on your bill at check out! Just what is this for? Especially considering that to use the weight room there is another $25 charge and the cardio room is small with a few although nice machines. Booked through price-line and thought I was getting a good deal but with the $20 a day extra charge,I would have booked another hotel for the same $.Mirage is a decent Hotel that has certainly seen it's glory days. The rooms are showing some wear and the hotel in general is OK but certainly not a 3 or 4 star property any longer. The front desk was efficient and 1 out of 2 desk persons was friendly as well.Food and beverage was decent at Carnegie deli and good at Stacks. Stacks maybe a hidden gem for Vegas food and cocktailsSurf
4	Definitely a good deal for a hotel on the strip. I did not eat at the restaurants there but the salon was excellent! Overall the hotel was clean and the staff were very friendly. I would stay here if you are looking for a room without all the bells and whistles (and price tag) and want to stay on the strip.
4	There's just something about The Mirage. It's a perfect old meets new. It's old enough to have a bit of the old Vegas feel (not Rat Pack old, but dated enough), but also new enough to not feel like it's going to be imploded in a matter of weeks. It's just dark enough, has just the right amount of a/c, and doesn't smell funny. Plus, it has decent restaurants and bars, a fun free show, and an aquarium behind the check-in desk. The table limits are typical Strip-level for the most part, but not so high that I can't dabble in some roulette and waste a few hours. And to top it all off, it's a great location on the Strip to take off on-foot from.
4	-Easy to catch a taxi if need be - right on the strip - Plenty of on site clubs ( revolution/Jet) in case you don't feel like leaving the hotel -plenty of restaurant options -rooms were nice and spacious with very comfy beds -Free tram that goes to several other hotels on the strip -beautiful pool area My 2 day stay here was awesome, and I'd definitely recommend it!
4	Hadn't been to the Mirage in quite a while...but with a Convention located at the hotel, duty called.  I was pleasantly surprised by the detail and decor of the room.  Rather than having to dig under the deck to plug in my computer, there is a power strip at deck level...bravo!  Free wifi.  Nice.  The lobby, casino area is comparatively small and getting about quite easy.  Everytime I go to Vegas I long for the 1986 days when Heinekin was a buck, food was under $10 and the rooms under $50 and you loss your ass gambling.  Now?  Room $100, drinks $10 and dinner at one of the nicer restaurants, $75.  I stayed 3 days, ate and drank in relative moderation, and still forked over $1,000.  There seems to be a line for everything...oh yeah....except the relatively empty casino tables.Mirage has an excellent location close walking distance to Venetian, Paris, Ceasars and some of the seedier spots where you can grab a bite for $10.  I may long for days gone by, but that is true for many things and although Vegas is pricey, where else can you bet on a Lakers game and then play a little pot limit poker with the local sharks? See you soon LV.
2	The WIFI is NOT free, and is slow. You have to pay for a RESORT Fee when you first check in, which covers use of the "business room" including a fax machine and copier, and the slow wifi. About 20 bucks extra a day. Surprise! Welcome to the Mirage....There are no bellhops to help you lug your luggage in, and I think they cut back on windex because there were handprints all over the glass doors. Barfy, when you first get there. Then when you check in, make sure they don't hit you with the resort fees.The room is trendy and comfortable, but beware of the minibar. My snickers cost me 4 dollars! Also, the TV turns up to about 100 level volume every time you turn it on, so even if you turn it all the way down, be ready. I say skip this resort and go elsewhere. Stay somewhere that is newer and trendy. This place is past its prime.
1	Was here for a convention.  The bathrooms in the convention area were spacious and clean.  However, the lunch breaks offered very little for the people with any dietary restrictions.  Even my local sandwich shop in Austin TX can make me a sandwich with gluten free bread.....not so much in Vegas.  I ate salads for lunch and eggs/bacon for supper mostly as I was too tired to find a good restaurant with a chef that can do gluten free/dairy free.  Thought the gambling area smelled like smoke, so I didn't do any gambling there.  Since my only other experiences in Vegas are either at the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay, the Mirage is average at best IMHO.Update later that same year:  Girls weekend in Vegas for 4 ppl.  Reservations made all together on one credit card and one name so they are linked together.  Requested adjoining/connecting rooms as this was a girls weekend.  When we arrived the reservations were NOT linked.  They did not have us in adjoining or connecting rooms.  They did NOT alter that fact, nor did they seem to care that this was inconvenient or a problem.  They did not address it or offer any compensation for this HUGE inconvenience.  It really affected the trip that if two of us went up and were not the two sharing the same room, then we either had to be apart or cart items between the rooms...same goes for sharing accessories, having morning coffee, etc.  It was just a drag.  The Mirage was seemingly unaware of how girls weekends operate.  Their attitude was uncaring and I will NEVER go back.  Why make a reservation for two rooms in advance if the reservation itself is not honored?  Why pay a reservation hold fee if it isn't holding what you want?  Why go out of town for a girls weekend, if you can't spend the weekend with the girls?  We did have fun, but the inconvenience was a bit dampening.  If you expect good customer service go to the Bellagio, if you want clean rooms and no service, then stay here.
4	I'm use to staying at the Palazzo when I'm in Vegas but i was only out there for one night and wanted to save a little money but still be in the middle of the strip this was a great choice the rooms were very nice and updated, the casino had some decent features and it was a pleasant stay, my only complaint was the bathroom was small but that may have been to the room size i booked (guest room). One thing i did have a problem with was the shower felt like a fireman's water hose the stream was so high and hard but that was a minor setback. All-in-All i would stay here again and its in a great location.
3	Definitely not one of my favorite hotels, but definitely not the worst.I stayed here recently for my company's convention that was held at the convention center here and being that everything was paid for through by our company, I guess I really can't do as much complaining as I'd like....though I am.The Mirage Hotels seem to be more darker and dingy (casino wise) compared to the majority of the nicer hotels/ casinos. I had visited this casino many times before however, this was my first time actually staying at the hotel.The rooms are newly updated to a modern/contemporary decor. The carpet in the hall ways however were horrendous and looked like something straight out of the 70s ugh...The actual room I stayed in was ok, though there were more down falls then good. No little coffee maker (I love those things) there was a minimal amount of towels and worst off, I stayed there two nights and NOT ONCE did a maid come in and make our beds and refresh the room ...major downfall and to make it even worse THE WALLS WERE THIN....lets just say you can here EVERYTHING...which meant less sleep...ughh...As for the convention center and rest of the shops? They seem to have a nice selection of shops..Blizz yogurt is a great little place to satisfy your sweet tooth as well as another popular candy shop close by and the rum bar is a chic, beautiful hip bar that's perfect for the night life. The actual shopping areas are cheerful, bright and appear to be well kept too.The convention center that our event was taking place at was gorgeous I must say, the bathrooms were beautiful and extremely clean. The food that was catered to both our lunch in and dinner party that night were certainly nothing to write home about though. Overall, I would come here again to dine at the restaurants and maybe give someone a tour of the place who has not been here, but never would I stay here again.
4	We stayed here midweek for 65 bucks a night and the rooms were newly renovated and were great. The bed is extremely comfortable. There's also flat screens and the room looks trendy and upscale. I'm not a huge fan of the casino and the hotel lacks unique style. The restaurants are good, but there isn't a single restaurant that really stands out in my memory and be prepared to pay a pretty penny for food here. We ate a burger place in the hotel which was really good, and they served big juicy lamb burgers. The hotel is in a great location. If you're looking for really good rooms for a good price then this is the place for you. Be prepared to pay a 15 dollar mandatory wifi charge because they will not tell you this when you book it.
3	My girlfriends and I stayed here for our friends bachelorette weekend. The location was nice since it's kind of in the middle of everything we wanted to go to; right across the street from the Venetian, next to Caesars and the most we paid for a taxi was about $7 and that was to go to XS at Encore (we could've walked but it was really cold that night)Check in and out was quick and the staff was really friendly. They've got some good dining options there; BLT Burger (where we ate), CPK, Cravings (buffet) and other ones I can't remember. The Atrium was pretty and the fish were cute LOL. JET nightclub is there and we were at The Beatles Revolution Lounge only for a quick minute but the music was on point. I didn't really gamble here (well, I won $25 on the penny slots LOL) so I'm just reviewing the room itself, which was pretty nice and spacious. The bathroom was small but it did it's job and the fixtures were clean and modern. The beds were nice but the pillows were to soft for me. Also, housekeeping tried to get in really early, like before nine, if I remember correctly, so that was kind of odd.By the entry, there is a full length mirror and mirrors on the coat closet which, I believe, is meant to be a "getting ready" area; however, the lighting wasn't that great so it was kind of hard to see. The outlets were weird too. Our hair tools kept falling out of the sockets so that was kind of a pain. FYI: Be sure to take a picture by The Beatles Lounge. Great shots there :]
4	Just returned home after 4 nights. Nice room, though I despise a view of the roof top. The shower could use a beef up. It is irritating to chase the water from the shower head that took a long time just to get up to temperature. The pool was very nice, but was woefully short on chairs. A particularly helpful life guard suggested I "reserve" a chair with a towel and a few personal items early in the morning, then leave it all day. Too bad it was 2pm.The service around the event I attended was impeccable. Very attentive and not pushy. The Beatles show by Cirque de Soleil is amazing! 360 degree view of madness & genius all rolled into one.Love the roulette tables. They were most kind. I look forward to next time.
4	4.5 Stars When choosing a Vegas hotel, my two main selection criteria are location and pool; mirage receives 5 stars for both. The moment you walk into the hotel you are greeted by a total tropical, lush ambiance with large palm trees, flower gardens, waterfalls and a check in desk that is back dropped by a tropical fish aquarium. The casino floor itself is a little dated and in definite need of a face lift; however, not to the point where it detracted from the overall atmosphere. The rooms were recently renovated; it has probably the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept on. Alot of yelpers were complaining about the small size of the bathroom's; I found it to be more than adequate. Wide variety of food selections. We ate the BLT, Carnegie deli and their buffet (amazing)...all were affordable and tasty eats. The location is probably the most appealing quality of the mirage; dead center of the strip, right across from the venetian and in between ceasars palace and treasure island...perfect for trekking the strip. There is a tram across the street if you get lazy or if you want to travel to the tail ends of the strip i.e. go north to the stratosphere of south to Mandalay bay. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Vegas for any reason -- you get the best of all worlds without breaking the bank.
4	Booked a 3 day room and Terry fator show package from their website, with a tower 1 bedroom suite (1250 sq feet) . Checked in sunday 4/17 4pm, 5-7 m inute check-in. Suggestion use valet parking and a bellman as the elevators are accross the entire casino in the rear (long walk), private elevators to suites (nice touch) The room was everything and more than the pictures on their website hugh bathroom with a spa tub and a large glass shower seperate toilets, large closet with a safe and many cabinets. King bed with 32 inch pop-up tv at the end of the bed. Living room with a 52inch hd tv great picture and selection of stations. 3 sete of floor to ceiling windows with a great view of venetian and palazzo north on the strip and of the volcano at the mirage (goes off every hour starting at 8pm).Seperate dining area, large wet bar with fridge and ice maker lareg wrap around sofa in living room.  The casino was ok not enough video poker machines and $10 and $25 blackjack. We only ate twice at BLT burger (order a #1 with cheese combo) $18 great burgers fresh the skinney fries were fresh and crisp. Checked out wed morning 9am would have used the express check-out on the tv except the total was incorrect, at the front desk a nice lady named ELSE was terrific the bill i got was correct for some reason the tv check-out was wrong, all done in 5 minutes. All in all a great 3 days, and the Terry fator show should not be missed just do a package to save $$.The entire stay with the show was $925 including resort fees and 12% taxes.
5	What more could a Brit want from a Vegas hotel:- The Beatles playing on a loop in the lobby (right next to a Beatles 'Love' shop, next door to the Beatles 'Love' show)- A mini menagerie of animals INSIDE the grounds of the hotel- A pool surrounded by waterfalls, with drinks on tap- Superb on-strip location- Huge, swish suites Cannot say enough great things about the Mirage! Brilliant breakfast buffets, awesome gift shops, two nightclubs on sight, ace slots, plenty of restaurants... would LOVE to stay there again. LOVE LOVE LOVE the Mirage!
3	I stayed at the Mirage in February with my boyfriend. Do not get me wrong--Mirage has an awesome value with extraordinarily beautiful tropical surroundings, cool nightclub options, nice tasty restaurants, and a couple of good shows, nice buffet though overpriced. But they did not have enough shows for me especially in the cheaper range (I guess that's about the clientele they are pursuing). The slots were not paying out to me and neither was I winning on the tables. I took out money from an ATM and everyone was staring hard at me (not sure why....perhaps no one ever uses because of the very high fees...I did not care). The ambiance is tooo dark in the casino...it made the experience rather gloomy. The people at the player's club were just rude. The rooms were clean and spacious with a cool view but the dark orange and brown tones were too masculine for my taste. I like pastels or light colors, and the colors of a room can affect my mood---no money for Mirage! I still love the out-front volcano and South-beach theme--GORGEOUS!
3	The current review of 3.5 stars is about right for this hotel. Let's be honest, the rooms are nothing special. The hotel itself is beautiful, crowded and full of things to waste money on. The casino is one of the best in Vegas and you'll find this out quickly when you see how much more crowded it is compared to Venetian, Monte Carlo, etc...The whirlpool here is...well pathetic. The pool is awesome. The Dolphin/Tiger "exhibit" should be free or at least not cost more than $10. Hotel staff are friendly.
4	Spent 5 days here for a business conference. It just happened to be the weekend of St Pats Day plus NCAA Mens BBall Tourney, Crazy. So packed every minute of the day..but fun! Rooms were nice. Central location. Pool was very good.
3	A solid 3 star hotel, room was nice, bathroom kind of sucked but I really loved the pool! Tropical, lots of shade if you looked for it and the pool area itself was pretty nice. For the price ($40/night) we had a great time. Be aware that you will pay the $20 resort fee but I used the wifi and the pool so it was worth it to me.
5	I recently stayed at the Mirage last week for 3 nights....loved loved loved it. The rooms were nice, clean and big. Modern decor and comfy bed. The only down side to the room was the bathroom was really small, but hey I'd rather have a larger room than bathroom. They also has a window that opens up which is nice. Not many rooms these days have windows that open up. Its good to get some fresh air!! They have a fridge that is well stocked if you need anything. The mirage is also in close proximity to the shopping mall and a Walgreen's which is great! I would definitely stay here again.
4	Absolutely wonderful hotel.....great location, prices, ambiance, restaurant selection......Spending the weekend with 8 dudes from grade school and high school.  Priceless. I'll give you your precious fifth star, Mr. mirage, if you add a coffee maker to my room. The morning herd is tiresome.
2	VERY OVER RATED!   SLOW check in, SNOW ticket pick up, POOL closed at 4 and 5PM on a weekend.  Charges for in room frig and internet.  Many other extra fees.  OVERPRICED  Beatles LOVE Show was a great show with high ratings.  VALET Service does get 5 stars.  Would never go back to this hotel due to choices nearby.
2	2.75 stars for quality lack and overdue renovations.Co--worker arrived early and was told room would not be ready until 3pm for check-in, staff's inability to accommodate was rather shocking.Unacceptable room assignment - requested upper floor for quietness, still somehow managed to be assigned next door to room of drunk males clearly there for leisure. Co-worker experienced same issue on a separate floor, nearly a security concern.Room furniture requires updating. In two recent visits, desk chair upholstery was peeling and other furniture visibly chipped. Conversely, bathrooms are done well, as is overall lighting.Front desk seems under-staffed and can be rather inefficient, with lines unmanageably long due to long processing times per guest. Front desk area often appears chaotic and cluttered as a result of staff struggling to service guests efficiently.Bellhop is inconsistent and understaffed at peak times, needs improvement.Casino carpet is a complete disaster...causes near tripping in several places due to lack of evenness, as if carpet was simply thrown over poorly built flooring.
5	We stayed here on our most recent trip to Vegas and I loved it! Our room was large and modern and really nice- the bed was seriously awesome- almost as comfortable as my bed at home. The casino floor is huge and there's tons of gambling for whatever game preference you have- I made sure to leave my financial contribution down there- lol.The restaurants are aplenty! We ate almost all of our meals there- Stack was fantastic, BLT Burger had super awesome burgers (and shakes!!!), Carnegie Deli has MASSIVE portions and is sooooo good.  But our favorite was definitly BB King's. We'd have breakfast there every morning and I was addicted immediately.  They have great southern, down-home style food and it is all fantastic. Don't leave Mirage without trying it!The pool is beautiful here- it's one of the top reasons we chose to stay here- it can get packed and hard to find a chair if you get there too late, so set your alarms, claim your chair and you can nap all afternoon there while recovering from the night before! Make sure you try their frozen strawberry daquiri out there- super yummy!
5	I stayed here for 3 nights and enjoyed every moment. Jon at the front desk hooked my GF and I up with a penthouse suite (1200+ sq. ft) for an amazing rate! It had an incredible view of the strip (right over the volcano). The bed was very comfortable (memory foam), the bathroom was the size of many SF apts , the jacuzzi tub was relaxing, and the room overall was newly remodeled (there was granite throughout and everything seemed very luxurious). If you're looking for a VIP Vegas experience, then stay at the Mirage's penthouse. It was incredible. As for the casino, I had a lot of fun playing a few games. There are a lot of restaurants, lounges, and a club in the resort, too. I liked Japonais the most, since I'm a big sushi fan.The staff is very polite and friendly throughout the resort.I also spent time at the pool and the zoo. The pool was impressive (too bad the weather wasn't warmer) and the zoo was fun--great seeing the dolphin acts and the white tigers.All-in-all, the Mirage really made our Vegas vacation. I was impressed by the entire experience and cannot wait to book that penthouse suite again!
4	I went this past weekend to Vegas for a fraternity's installations. Their banquet was here and so we all stayed here. All the rooms we stayed in look about the same 2 queen sized beds and a relatively small bathroom imo.  BUT! huge flat screens and iHomes yay! My friend and I ended up getting our own room - quite a last minute decision at 2 a.m. I called the front desk from the room we were staying in and they picked up remarkably fast and were extremely helpful and courteous. I was informed that it would be $99 for the night. So we packed our stuff and headed down to the lobby. By the time I got down there, the price apparently went up to $209? But, the front desk attendant said that since I was told it would be $99 then it would be that price. Thank goodness! And there was also only smoking rooms left but she made a couple of phone calls and the room we got was AWESOME. So much bigger than the other room we were in AND there was strip view. We could only stay for one night though (and they sold out the next day apparently as well!) When we checked out, I ended up forgetting two things. First, my towel - but I realized I forgot this right away and I saw one of the housekeeping ladies who promptly helped me call security to get back into the room. HOWEVER, I realized when I checked into my next hotel, that I forgot two dresses in the closet. One of them I REALLY needed for that night. I was put in contact with housekeeping lost and found. And here is why they only get 4 stars - I called and I left my contact information and she said she would get someone to go up to the room to check for me. I know that there are many many rooms in the Mirage and I'm sure they're very busy. However, after an hour, I decided that I would call back because in the event that my dresses got stolen (hey sorry thinking worst scenario) I would need to be shopping PRONTO for a new one. Unfortunately, I kept getting the voicemail for the next 30 minutes. I was eventually transferred to the assistant manager, who was THE MOST UNHELPFUL PERSON in this ordeal. All he did was transfer me to house keeping lost and found which in turn led me BACK to the voicemail. I was pretty frustrated at this point but there was nothing I could do. 30 minutes later (and technically 3 hours later), I was finally called back. Then I went to the bell desk and picked up my dresses no problem. Overall, it was a great experience. I've stayed at The Mirage before and it's always been good.
3	Short review: Eh.Long review:Like most places, there were good and bad components.  First off, their location is excellent, pretty spot on in the middle of the strip (sorry Aria, the center of Las Vegas has NOT shifted).  Easy walk to both southern and northern strip casinos, lots of restaurant choices for each price level, lots of gambling space with a good variance of limits.Restaurants we tried:Carnegie Deli - very good, the food is good, as is the service, but the prices are a tad high, but not high to the point where you feel unsatisfied.Onda - only bad part of our trip, excellent food, terrible employees (see my Onda review)Cravings - decent buffet, nothing special, but a good variety.Paradise Cafe - pretentious on a budget?  the menu was littered with food items that tried to have exotic or gourmet ingredients, but the prices were relatively cheap.  found out why when i got my meal, pretty unsatisfying and surprisingly heavy for a cafe that wants to be known as a light lunch place.Blizz - my wife enjoyed it, surprisingly cheap for Las VegasThe pool was pretty weak.  I was very excited about it going in, but it was too crowded with chairs on top of each other.  Everyone was saving spots, so if you don't find one try slipping a 10 or 20 to an attendant there who will clear towels for you.  Still though, it was pretty weak compared to other pools.The room was standard.  I hate the new resort fees that MGM properties added recently, but was happy that it was removed for comped nights.  If I had to actually pay for this, I'd be pretty mad, as the wireless was INCREDIBLY SLOW.  Whenever I needed internet, I just used the mobile hotspot feature on my 4G thunderbolt (Droid Army!!).I would stay there again if I got another comped deal, but the crowd was a bit old for me and the wear and tear is showing.Overall, nothing horrible, nothing great.
4	Most underrated/under appreciated hotel in vegas if I do say so myself. Here is a lil list of why mirage is amazing1. Location location location! Right smack in the center of all the action!2. Younger crowd, wayyy less old foggie degenerate gamblers.3. Great lounges (but jet nightclub is not a personal fave)4. Amazing restaurants!!!5. The botanical garden is a must visit if you brought a date to vegas.6. Taxi & tram service is excellent here.. But lines do exist just like every other hotel.7. Rooms are very nice and up to date8. The love show is amazing!!!! 9. The bakery near the botanical garden has the best red velvet cupcakes of all time!!!10. Last but not least I just love the smell of this hotel when you walk in! There you have it my 10 random facts on why you should stay at mirage.
5	my friends gamble once in a while and we got a good package; basically MGM offered it and mirage is part of it.  they gave us great rooms and some money to play and food tokens and I have been in mirage years ago; forgotten how nice it still isgood views of strip and great pool and awsome service.all the restaurants are around and you have lots of choices and good shopping; we got even Jet passes and good show tickets. O tickets woth 170 each; I have seen almost all cirque del sole not the greatest fan but this one better than beatles and alegra. if you love jumping and circus acts this one is the one for ya.well you need to gamble so you get all these free stuff was worth it.pretty middle of great stuff. you can go across and you are in venecian.good looking younger crowd and lots of good looking ladies walking around; better than other high end casinos..lol hint for the guys
3	My visit was just for the kids.. we went to see the Secret Garden. The baby's loved the dolphins, lions and tigers.. oh my! Can I just say that $38.00 for a buffet is outragous especially for a party of 16, half of our party was under 14....
4	This hotel is wonderful. The rooms were great, the staff was helpful, and the restaurants are awesome.There were two reasons I didn't give it a 5:1) The first night of my stay, I checked in at 11pm and found I was a couple floors above the noisiest nightclub on Earth. The place didn't close until after 3am at least. That was a long, sleepless night. I moved rooms and the next room on the 25th floor was perfect.2) The giant pool was so crowded that we couldn't get a seat. The early bird gets the worm, I guess.The restaurants are amazing and I highly recommend BLT Burger, Carnegie Deli and Japonais. Stacked was only OK and I found their menu limiting. The shopping is affordable as well.I would definitely stay here again.
5	Luxury at an affordable price point... hunt for a deal.Great place to stay. Walking distance to Wynn, Venetian, Caesar's Palace, Bellagio. Great views from the rooms in all directions (some views are extra). Nice calm atmosphere.Find a deal on the Internet, you will absolutely enjoy it!
4	I have stayed at the Mirage once several years ago, so this review will be for the casino.  I enjoy coming to the Mirage.  From the moment I see the fish tanks behind check in and the  atrium, I feel good to be there.The casino is not the friendliest to navigate when you're heading to the back to the Terry Fator Theatre, but after being there many times, there are short cuts to avoid the people who are slow, gawking, tipsy or a combination of those things.It's a short walk outside to the volcano and once you're in the back, you can visit the Secret Garden of Siegfried and Roy or you can just watch the people at the pools nearest that area.
4	Just got back from a weekend at the Mirage...and had a very different experience from our first trip here in January. During our first trip we had issues with them locking us out of our room because they "thought we had checked out" and were extremely disappointed in their nightclub. I had called and voiced my concerns with them, and they offered us a free stay if we wanted to come back. Upon check in we were greeted in the "invited guests" line, and had our room ready for us by 1pm. We were happily surprised to find they had upgraded us to a king tower deluxe with a view of the strip. The room was amazing and the service was great! A great change from our first stay at the Mirage. It is nice to see businesses that care about their customers, and go extra step to make them happy. I definitely think we will be staying here again!!
5	We didn't receive any birthday offer for my dad from Las Vegas hotels on the month of his birthday. I called several hotels asking if they could give us an offer if we stay for my dad's birthday weekend and Mirage said they could give him free 2 nights stay (friday and saturday!) PROs:1. They offer deals if you call them and ask. 2. Nice interior surroundings.3. Big casino area.4. Convinient bridge from the Parking garage to the hotel.5. The give free birthday gift (champagne)6. Their buffet was pretty good.7. Free Tram transportation to Treasure Island.8. Big room.9. Clean and simple bathroom. 10. Decent number of restaurant.11. Has a mini shopping area. CONs:1. No Monorail Station.2. Resort Fee $20/night.Defintiely will go back with a Birthday Celebrant to get good deal!
1	nice work, you've turned a classy hotel into a cheap one, someone had to replace Hilton and Sahara on the strip, it might as well be Mirage..a cheap bottle of champaign for my anniverssary trip was all we got and that was delievered too late..my friends w/ a baby had to change rooms due to urine on the floor..manager was called by host at buffee b/c she couldn't figure out 2 tables adjacet to ech other for a big group and she was rude to boot..no cabana at the pool was available unless you're a high roller..$2000 offerred for bottle service at the jet which we didn't do..didn't let me in the revolution lounge (worst music i've ever heard!)w/ sandals on unless i bought a bottle service..what does that have to do w/ bottle service..wow i can go on for ever but i'm geting frustrated just thinking of our experience there..
5	I love the Mirage Hotel & Casino Resort! My family and I stayed here for my wedding weekend and it was fantastic. I'm not sure if it was because we had stayed in the Penthouse suites, but their service was top notch! Anytime we called for anything, we recieved within minutes. Our car was always ready in valet, and the hotel is just beautiful. Everyone was so friendly and professional. I love the garden area with the water fall which is a great spot for photos. It is very spacious in there and checking in was a breeze. I went to the pool twice that weekend and it's nice to have open space. The only downside was finding a place to lay out! The kids love the water fall into the pool too. The bar at the pool has the best PINA COLADA's EVERRR!I will be staying here again!
1	I visited the Mirage recently with friends and we all sat down to play blackjack right near the Sports Bar.  It was the most unpleasant experience I've ever had in Vegas.  First, the pit boss, a tall woman who glared at all the players was totally unwelcoming.  She tossed my players card back at me and said nothing.  The table across from us was high fiving each other, basically having a good time and she scolded them - saying there is no high fiving at the table, they would have to get out of their chairs and leave the table if they wanted to high five.  In addition, she told them to keep the noise level down and not cheer so much.  Strangest thing I've ever seen, the table was not being too noisy, and I didn't realize we were gambling in a library.  She kept looking over and shaking her head at anyone who expressed themselves above a whisper.  We decided to leave because she was giving off a really bad vibe.  The group went to color up and the dealer refused, she would not color us out, meaning we had to carry chips basket style to the cage...of course, the pit boss agreed and wouldn't give us chips or even a rack to carry the chips.  Absolutely horrible experience, I will never gamble in the Mirage again, head over to the Wynn, much friendlier there.
4	Comfy bed, clean, and quite.  What more can you ask for?  How about a good view?  I upgraded for about $10 a night and it was well worth the money.  I would stay at the Mirage again which is something I can't say about all the hotels on the strip.
4	Oh Mirage, I love you. You popped my Vegas cherry and I will always remember how kind and gentle you were to me! :)The bf and I arrived at the Mirage via the bus that waits infront of the airport. =) Check in was EASY BREEZY but the trek from the door to the elevator is sometimes a journey, especially when you're chocolate wasted. We requested for a room that was on a higher floor and was granted that wish. It had a FANTASTIC view of the volcano and the strip. The only down side was that it was a smoking room and smelled like my uncle's car. blek. But besides that it was a BEAUTIFUL ROOM. The bed was comfy and housekeeping came daily. hehe. The bathroom was a little bit of a let down because I expected something a little more swanky for Vegas. But whaatevers. Everyone that worked there was nothing but professional and the tram connected to Treasure Island was super convenient because thats where our friends were. They gave a free water bottle everyday if you came into the gift shop which was better than buying it off the strip. Beautiful hotel, soo many things to do inside, and smack in the middle of the strip LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU MIRAGE! I will definitely consider staying again if a deal ever comes my way.
4	This is probably my favorite place for seeing a show.  I have seen so many great shows over the years.  However, I'm still sad for the loss of the late, great Danny Gans.  I will always be forever grateful that we got to see him before his untimely passing.  So shocking.  In any event, it's such a pretty hotel to walk around.  I only miss the tiger exhibit.  That was my favorite thing to see, and I would stand there for the longest time watching those fascinating 'kitties."  Well, they have a Carnegie Deli there, so I'll be okay.
5	My first trip to the Mirage was a great one! The hotel and casino are beautiful and fairly easy to navigate (which is saying something for Vegas which has famously confusing casino floors). We had an excellent experience with the front desk staff - Luis was extremely professional and helpful for us in securing our room upgrade. Our room was amazing and the housekeeping staff did a great job. There is a lot to do on site at the Mirage. The Mirage volcano (which underwent a $25 million upgrade I believe) was brand new to us on this trip - the past times we had been it was under construction. Definitely do not miss this! The pool at the Mirage was awesome although nothing too different from most resort pools I have been to. The Paradise Cafe (located by the pool) had great service and food. It's not advertised but the Sigfried and Roy Tiger Habitat offers a $3 per ticket discount to Mirage hotel guests if you show your room key. We gladly took advantage of this and enjoyed seeing all the animals. The Beatles Revolution lounge (located just off the casino) has a really cool ambiance and atmosphere, but $9 for a Heineken bottle is a bit excessive. We loved the Beatles Love Cirque du Soleil gift shop - sadly we could not get tickets for the show, so we spent a good amount of money in the gift shop buying souvenirs instead.One downside to staying at the Mirage is the $20/day resort fee and additional tax that is charged not only on the room but the resort fee as well. To their credit, they are up front about the resort fee - it was NOT hidden, we were well aware of its existence before we booked our room.
4	Having stayed at the Wynn during my last trip to Vegas I was a little spoiled and thus could not help but make comparisons. This is definitely NOT the Wynn but, perhaps because of having been owned by Mr. Wynn in the past, The Mirage still packs a nice atmosphere into a reasonable price. The lobby here is very cool with the huge fish tank and tropical garden; it is almost reminiscent of The Polynesian at Disney except without the Disney-esque fakeness. The rooms are tastefully decorated with mid-range contemporary furniture (better than Ikea but not as nice as Bo Concept) however the bathrooms (although nice, with marble and granite) are rather small and lack a separate soaking tub. Also, there is no coffee machine in the room and when paying a $20/night resort fee they could at least give us the cheap hotel-room coffee for when we need to nurse a Vegas hangover. The beds were EXTREMELY comfortable though. The casino here is pretty lively but there are not many 5c and 25c slots...$1 slots rule here which is fine for a while but once you've lost a couple of hundred dollars at the tables it is nice to relax at a nickel machine for a bit. The palm lined swimming pool with waterfalls and tropical flora is a great feature of The Mirage. It is a wonderful place to relax on a hot Vegas afternoon before a night of eating and gambling. The buffet here surprised me. The night before we ate at the Wynn's buffet which is always fantastic so I had low expectations for Cravings at the Mirage, however I was mistaken. The food selection was excellent and everything was super fresh. One of the better buffets I have eaten at in Las Vegas, though the desserts here were just so-so (especially compared to the Wynn). I would stay at The Mirage again if I got a great deal however I don't yearn for it the way I do other hotels. The location on the strip is great though and all in all it was a good experience for a good price.
4	I've stayed at the Mirage now twice, and my husband has stayed there 4-5 times. I like this hotel because it's not as huge as some of the others. Last time we had a nicer room with a huge bathroom, but our room this time was still nice.One thing is the shape of the building- it gives 1 side a Strip view, 1 side gets the pool, and 1 side is called the "Sunset View." Don't take the Sunset View, it's no view at all!The pool is amazing, one of the best in Vegas I'd say. Huge pool, tons of chairs, plenty of palm trees if you like shade.Drinks at the pool are about $20 for the big frozen one, which was a lot but it's huge and we'd always split them so we could drink them down before they melted in the 110 degree sun. House keeping came around at 9am, super annoying, so put your "Do not disturb" sign up before bed!Also, it was kind of loud and very bright in the room in the morning. Wish I had had earplugs and a sleep mask. The good definitely outweighs the bad by far. It's all about the pool!!!
4	I think that if you're looking for someplace centrally located on the strip, nice and affordable, you can't beat The Mirage. Prices are great, rooms are fairly recently renovated and comfortable (but not huge...not small though), and it's a perfect location in the middle of the strip. The staff are pretty friendly, the sports book is good and comfortable, and the restaurant choices are decent. I'm a fan of The Mirage.
5	We love staying here during Winter months (Mandalay or Bellagio during Summer) but we should definitely try them out during Summer too since their tropical pool is impressive. The Mirage is centrally located, within walking distance to numerous properties: Caesars, Venetian/Palazzo, Wynn/Encore, TI, & Fashion Show Mall.Hotel: spacious modern room with all the ammenities you could hope for. 42in LCD w/ functional media plug ins, powered work area, fridge, & rear lit vanities. The only thing drawback I could see is there is no separate shower & tub. Although, their villas are probably the best Vegas has to offer... check them out they're unreal.Casino: everything you need... even though Mirage is one of the first massive Vegas casinos they've stayed with the times and updated their gaming floor. Nothing seems too dated and they keep with the theme nicely.On-site restaurants: BLT Burger - amazing sliders & shakes. Carnegie Deli - the Woody Allen is a MUST for any pastrami & corned beef fan. BB King Blues Cafe - great service, tasty food, and lively bands. CPK - it is what it is. Rhumbar - great drinks, service, and outdoor lounge. Fin - pricey but awesome Chinese food if you're too lazy to drive down Spring Mt. Road. Kokomo's - perfect for that romantic/special ocassion. I still have yet to try Samba (Brazillian Steakhouse), Stack, & their Buffet but is on the to-do list.Overall it's great value for all it has to offer: rooms, location, ammenities, and if you sign up to their mailing list you'll get offers almost too good to be true. When you check in be sure to ask for any available upgrades. They'll usually place you in a higher room or one with a view of the pool or volcano.
4	It has been awhile since I last stayed here so when I finally came back, I was impressed w/ the way they fixed things up. I noticed that the rooms were alot nicer, it has a modern look to it which I liked & the bathroom looked nice as well. In general I like staying @ the Mirage because of it's location, It's in the middle of the Strip so basically it's walking distance to alot of the hotel like Caesar's, Treasure Island, Venetian, Palazzo etc. although the Mirage is a good sized hotel, you could easily navigate through it and not get lost. The gambling area is big and spacious and the sportsbook area is also big (one of the biggest... I think), the pool is one of the nicest that I've seen so far. The room rates here are reasonable compared to the other hotels on the strip and the restaurants in the hotel areok. One recommendation I would make if you plan to stay @ the Mirage is to watch Cirque Du Soleil's Beatle's Love Show that is showing at the Mirage, It's the best show in Vegas!! I've always enjoyed my experience here and would come back again.
3	Out of all the times I've bn to vegas this was the 1st time I stayd at this hotel and 1st time I even walkd thru ths casino. Room - very nice and spacious and up to date. Very clean and decent bathroom. Buffet - lunch buffet was 20 each. But it suckd! Food wasn't good! Pool - nice pool area but dirty as hell! But to me all vegas pools are dirty! Water was not clear! Kinda foggy! Gross! My frenz daughter saw a mouse in the bushes that's around the jacuzzi area. I wud stay here again.
4	***While The Mirage is not one of the nicer hotels along The Strip (and is definitely lacking in must see places inside), the hotel/casino features nice rooms and a good location at a decent price***I gambled at The Mirage a couple of years ago and won, but this was my first time staying at the hotel.  For a hotel that would probably be considered mid-range (like a Bally's), the hotel rooms were nice.  The decor was contemporary and had a very comfortable feel.  I've been to a lot of hotels where the room felt badly in need of an update, but that was not the case here.  Linens felt new.  Bathrooms were clean.  Temperature got a little uncomfortable at night, but that probably could have been easily addressed if we would have paid more attention to the thermostat.In addition to the good rooms (especially for the price), the hotel had the advantage of being small (at least when compared to other casinos along The Strip).  It made getting around and meeting up with people very easy.  The location is convenient too with The Mirage being near both Caesars Palace and The Venetian.While the nice rooms and the size of the casino were both big pluses, the casino was smoky (a lot smokier than the nicer casinos like Caesars and Bellagio but probably also smokier than the okay casinos like Bally's and MGM Grand).In terms of food, a lot of the restaurants at The Mirage did not sound that good and the one we tried (Fin) was definitely not good; it was also overpriced.  There is a gourmet burger spot here (BLT Burger) that might be worth trying.  I had a mostly positive experience with BLT Steak (same owner) in West Hollywood.  There is also a CPK here.  It would probably make sense to dine there (and save some money) than try one of the many overpriced spots at The Mirage.If I wanted to stay at a Vegas hotel and do everything within that hotel, I would definitely not stay at The Mirage.  Since I like to casino hop (whether for gaming, dining or simply getting some fresh air), The Mirage is a good option for its size, nice rooms and reasonable price.  The smokiness of this casino is definitely a negative and should be considered if you are planning to spend a lot of the time within this hotel/casino during your Vegas stay.For parking, there is a free structure that is also not too big, which made getting in and out of the casino/hotel pretty easy.
4	The Mirage is one of those hotels on the strip that deserves more credit than it should. There's a lot to see and do and I haven't even experienced close to everything yet. I would be careful about the restaurants inside the property as they are overpriced and the quality of the food was just sub-par for me compared to meals that you can get elsewhere which was really disappointing. Other than that the Mirage still shines strong and it's a great hotel if you want to stay somewhere nice but not too expensive on your budget.The casino portion of the hotel is really great, most importantly I like the atmosphere of the casino compared to other casinos on the strip. If you enjoy playing poker then you will love the poker room here. The dealers here are very friendly and the action here can be crazy!
4	I like this Hotel, we stayed here in July and it was perfect for us. The pool is large and there are plenty of waiters coming around to serve drinks. The wine bar is quite fun and we even got a free tasting. I think the rooms are up to date and clean if not a wee bit small. The only thing i disliked about our stay was the lack of a view we had to stair at the top of the building below and nothing else. Not too big of a deal because who goes to Vegas to stay in the room?
4	At first arrival, things were a bit hectic. We had to wait nearly 20-30 minutes for a bellhop to come to the front. Eventually the valet guy had to take it upon himself to take our bags for us. He gave us a slip of paper and told us to call for our bags once we got to our room. We tipped him nicely . Once we got to our room, we called the baggage handlers to bring our stuff to the room. The lady said 15 minutes -- WE WAITED WELL OVER 45 MINUTES TO AN HOUR.Once the guy arrived he placed our stuff down sloppily and waited anxiously for a tip. After eying each other for at least 2 minutes, he left in an abrupt manner without saying anything. Sorry but we're not paying for attitude and basically having to wait with our OWN bags for 20+ minutes.The room how ever was very nice. Just don't expect the bellhop to arrive when they say.
3	I really enjoyed staying here.  Granted, I used a promotional code and got a great deal and probably never will stay here again without one, but I liked it.  Check in was a little confusing, but there was an employee to guide us the right direction.  The girl checking me in had a weird smirk on her face when I answered her questions that I got a weird vibe from, but I was hungover, could have been me.My standard size room was much larger and felt roomier than any other standard sized rooms I've stayed in in Vegas.   It was decorated tastefully and modernly.  Our view sucked, however.It's in a good location on the strip.  We walked to the Forum Shops, Caesar's Palace, Harrah's, Paris, Bally's fairly easily.  If you're leaving by taxi, you exit onto the strip.  That suckkkkkks.They have a lot of tables, machines, a huge sports book, and many restaurants.  They have a Starbucks too which is a necessity in Las Vegas.One complaint I have is about the dolphins.  Dolphins have no place in the Nevada desert.  How sad are they living in a little pool doing tricks for fish to entertain hillbillies?  Set them free.  They have the tigers there that attacked Roy.  No concern about the true welfare of WILD animals.  They are not domesticated pets.  (That's the end of that soapbox)Anyway, beautiful hotel.  Great food.  Great Cirque show.  Big casino.  Great location.  If they dropped their regular room rates, I may be a return guest.
5	I didnt spend the night at this hotel but i was very impressed with what i saw.  I was able to hang out in a regular room and a suite, both were clean with good decor.The pool was great, we took over three cabana that was located in this private pool area.    Each of the cabana had a tv, couches and fridges.  My favorite part was its misting pipes to keep you cool while laying out in the sun.  The staff was also considerate as well because this are was reserved for 21 and over.  That allow us to bring in a children to celebrate a birthday as long as they didnt swim.
4	Great hotel.The sleep quality and cleanliness are good. Everything anyone could possibly want to do is on site. WiFi IS free if you are staying at the hotel.
4	This is a preemptive review! But I have been so impressed thus far that I am prompted to post before we even make our trip. Ive book the hospitality suite and a total of three additional rooms for our yearly Vegas extravaganza in September.  The reservation staff was very helpful in helping me decide exactly what I needed. The location is what inspired us to move away from where we have booked in the past, also the reviews on yelp really guide me along when there is alot of choices, I hope businesses realize how much yelp effects them!  We are very much looking forward to what The Mirage has to offer. I "liked" them on facebook and wrote a quick post about how excited we are and The Mirage took the time to actually reply to most post and offer any further assistance if needed. I haven't even stayed here yet and already I feel as though I have experienced an excellent level of customer service. We booked a cabana at BARE and cant wait! Will update further post-stay!
4	Enjoyed my stay, especially since the room was comped and we got a great view of the pool. Room decor is nice. The hotel is starting to look a little aged, but still a fun place to gamble and drink. The hotel pool is really nice, especially with the waterfalls!  They have a CPK on site and the prices are comparable to other CPK's (not jacked up like most Vegas restaurants).  Also, more than enough taxis, unlike other older hotels where you're waiting forever to get one. Location is great!
5	This is the first time hubby and I stayed at this hotel and I loved it's location because it was literally close to everything that you don't need to drive. Very busy hotel though I must say. Hubby and I checked in on a Sunday night and were surprised to see a lot of people checking in as well. After the desk clerk confirmed our booking with extras (complimentary buffet everyday, 1 king non-smoking) and let us know about the resort fee we were all set. When we went up to our room we were surprised that they gave us a double queen bed. Hubby and I were dead tired by then and just wanted to relax but he suggested I let them know they made a mistake in assigning our room. I called and the desk clerk who picked up rectified the situation by switching our keys to a room that was higher up and was a king non-smoking and it had a great view of TI, The Venetian, Casino Royale, etc...Our room was immaculate. I heard the hotel had undergone renovations and they did a good job. The room had everything except for a refrigerator. I mean, it did have a fridge but it was stocked full of the mini-bar stuff that they want you to sample. Upon check out I was surprised to find they charged us for 3 drinks we did not take from the bar. After explaining to the clerk he just took them out of the bill no questions asked. I'm thinking there was a previous occupant when we came and they didn't get charged for those drinks so they put it on our tab (???),Overall, a great stay and would definitely come back ;)
4	Overall, I had a good experience here. The room was nice enough, though the bathroom was kind of small. We couldn't figure out if the lamp shade in the room was dirty or if it had a weird design on it. It kind of looked like someone spilled coffee on it. But it was a minor thing. The lobby and casino almost always seemed to be really crowded. Trying to get to your room from the self-parking garage at night was challenging at times. But what I really liked about this place was the friendliness of the employees at the table games. I am new to gambling and the dealers at the roulette table I went to were really friendly and helpful about answering my questions. The blackjack dealer I had tried to help us out and was nice to talk to. We were able to find $5 minimum tables here, though it was during the week so it would probably be different on a weekend or holiday. I would stay here again because of the nice dealers and pit bosses and because of the Mirage's central location.
2	ATTENTION LADIES: if you are coming to Las Vegas for a girls' trip with more than 2 people to a room do NOT book here. The bathrooms are painfully TINY! Virtually impossible to fit all hair and makeup needs. The room itself is nice with plenty of drawer and closet space. I was just shocked at how tiny the bathroom is. The toilet is right in your face as soon as you open the door. My recommendation if you have a few girls to a room is Planet Hollywood (double vanities on separate sides of the bathroom!).
3	There weren't any problems that occurred when I stayed at the Mirage, but I wasn't blown away. Checking in and out was a breeze for us. Our room was not that big, but it was nice. The view sucked though! We had a view opposite of the strip. They did have several food choices. We had breakfast at BB Kings and dinner at blt buger. Of course everything was overpriced, but its Vegas! The one good thing was they had a 24 hr convenience store right by the elevator. Didn't get a chance to go inside the pool, but it looked nice. I don't understand why they charge a $20 daily resort fee. The great thing about this hotel...location! Its right in the middle of the strip next to Venetian and Cesar's Palace.
4	This place was great. 7 girls, 2 rooms, plan to party, hang out by the pool, eat good food, drink too many cocktails. The hotel served the purpose. Being centrally located on the Strip we were a $5 cab ride from everywhere that required us to not walk in our stilettos. The pool was PERFECT. The drinks - expensive, but this is Vegas so it's OK. The casino had WAR so my friends were happy. And they didn't judge us at all when we stumbled in late night so that's always a plus :)
4	Very Happy with our stay!!!! I came with a group of my 5 years out of college sorority sisters and The Mirage was the perfect pace for us. We saved our seats by the pool early every morning and 1/2 of us spent our days lounging by the pool and the other half spent the day sitting at the tables. The pool is beautiful and tropical and felt like we were at a tropical resort more than in the middle of the desert!The location of the hotel is awesome, everything is in walking distance (in flats) We got a GREAT deal on the room: around $120 a night. My advice, "like" the hotel on facebook... they run 72 hour sales every so often and post it on their facebook page those prices really can't be beat!
1	Less than happy with the latest stay here.  Have stayed here twice before, both times was in a Suite.  Had a regular room this time,  room was not ready on arrival and after checking in and being told it was ready, ended up waiting for over 45 minutes in the hall outside while room was cleaned.  The whole place it looking a little old and tired,  doubt I will stay here again.
5	I have stayed at the fancy mancy hotels (Bellagio, Caesars Palace, Wynn, etc...) and Mirage comes to me #1 now. Its not fancy, however it is very chill. The location is the BEST! You have access to basically all the good casinos around. The front water show is better then Bellagios (I think) The rooms were not all that expensive compared to others. The Pool WAS THE BEST! The waterfall...so relaxing. The ONE thing I did not like was how we would have to go through the lobby to get to the pool. I don't want random people seeing me go to the pool....just saying...
4	We stayed at the Mirage for one night. This was our first time in Las Vegas.  The staff was great, very helpful and professional.  Lots of restaurants to pick from and a casino. The pool is awesome, surrounded by palm trees and waterfalls. The kids loved the waterfalls.  We loved the poolside service.  Could have sat in the pool and drank all weekend.  The room was very nice.  We don't have any complaints!! Wish we could go back right now!
1	Worst staff ever!. I requested 2 queen beds but they gave us 1 king instead. The lady who checked us in said that they are bringing up a roll a way bed. Told her that if we are not there to put it in the room anyway. When we came back to the room at 3am, there was no bed. I called the front desk and the fromt desk thought I was lying when I said we only have 1 king bed.. "Are you sure you only have one bed up there?" I was like "umm, why would I lie about that?" She told me that they will bring one up in 30 min. We waited and waited and never got a bed. The next day I complained to the front desk, so they moved us into a room with two beds and took $40 off. I personally don't think that's enough for being accused of a liar and dealing with rude unprofessional staff. Next time I will stay at my usual hotel The MGM.
2	It took us 1.5 hours to get our rooms. My friend had arrived earlier and got confirmation on our 2 connecting rooms. She was even shown on the map where they were so it was frustrating to have to wait for that to get sorted out when we checked in 1 hour later. Before we even got to our rooms, we'd realized that they were not "close" to the elevator as requested. "Close" isn't at the end of the hall. While we waited for the bellboy to get our luggage to be transferred to another set of rooms, a family opened the door to one of our rooms. They were rather fast in giving away our rooms.When we got to the new set of rooms, we found out that they weren't connected. The front desk checked and said, "Oh, you're right, they're not connected." Finally, we were given 2 connecting rooms close to the elevator. The front desk informed us that she had to take those away from someone else. Well, in fact, those turned out to the original rooms promised to us about 2.5 hours ago. When we came back that evening, we found that they had left a bottle of champagne in each of the rooms. Also, they comped us the first night which was the most expensive. Nonetheless, it was a pain to lose time when we had so much packed into each night. We didn't get to eat dinner together because we had to split up to pick up tickets here and there. The $20/night resort fee is supposed to cover morning papers (YOU pick them up at the front desk or at the store), wireless (can get really slow), bathrobes, printing of boarding passes...when I requested the bathrobes, they brought up ONE per room. We had 2 people per room so I suppose they expected us to share. We didn't use any of the cleaning service and instead, we swapped dirty towels for clean ones ourselves. One of the cleaning person, a man, was so rude when I asked for toilet paper. He just ignored me and when I asked again, he said, "No." I still like the pool because there weren't any pool parties. When I go to the pool, I like to relax instead of fighting for a spot to lie down or be exposed to loud club music. On one of our last days, there was an "accident" so everyone had to evacuate the pool while they cleaned and removed the evidence. Going to the Wynn was such a contrast. The noise on the casino floor was pretty irritating at the Mirage and I'm sure that's the same pretty much everywhere else. I have to say that I'm glad we stayed at the Mirage this time because it was pretty central to everywhere we wanted to go to and we got to see Criss Angel on one of our late night visit to BLT.I don't know about the $5 taxi ride everywhere because we got long hauled everywhere we went. It was annoying and I did report a couple of them to the taxi authority. Not only did they long hauled us, a couple gave us attitude. I really hate the taxi drivers there.
1	The stay at the Mirage pretty much ended our desire to go back to the new strip ever again. I waited several weeks to write this..I will keep it brief and to the point: Cost - way to much for the oldest newest hotel on the strip - the room was small and they have motion sensored AC so at night the AC will shut off. Two of the lights did not work and the drawer in the dresser was stuck shut and it took them three days to come fix it. The safe never worked, even though I asked to have it opened, repaired. Room service left one, yes one, wash cloth for the both of us to use - I had to keep requesting wash cloths and towels. To top it off they never once wiped off the counter in the bath rooms. I purposefully drew a smiley face on the counter with my finger..it was there five days later, along with all the glass rings, etc. They let everyone in for free into the clubs, give free drinks to the ladies to get them in, then it is ghetto look out. The two times I left to go to the rest room my wife was groped by some ass hat who would cop a feel then run off. Oh, and the topless pool..what a rip off. $250 on Saturday just to sit on a lounge chair. Then by noon the pool is full of 100 dudes staring at the only 5 women who should be topless in the first place. Then you have all the scammers who come in, then slip on a chair with paying, after you have dropped money to have your own chair. Then you have their staff running around "texting" on their phones...riiiigghhttt... No more comping drinks if you play video poker at the bar..getting a drink on the floor takes an act of congress. This stay was so disappointing I will be taking the time to write the company itself.
4	I love this place. Mirage is very nice and fun atmosphere. The rooms are very nice and those beds are amazing. Great places to eat and who can forget about the famous Rhumbar. Sick place to chill, smoke a cigar and drink. I really wanted to give Mirage a 5 star rating, but the front desk people take their job way too seriously. I almost could have gotten locked out of my room where me and my friend were staying if the lady didn't confirm the room number. pretty much long story short.. it is late my friend is sleeping in our room and i decide to go up, but i totally forgot the room number. So i go to the front desk and i tell them the last name of the person the room is under and she wouldn't tell me the name of the room number, i told her it is either 2134 or 2143 or something like that. she said pretty much said it was the first one, so i told her can i get another key since you are telling me mine doesn't work and she said without a id of the person that the room is under i cant give you a key.. I'm like wtf really? wow.. so i call my friend who is dead sleeping and no one picked up.So i decided to go give the key another try and luckily it worked.. I love this place, but he front desk needs to stop taking their job seriously, this is Vegas i am a paying customer who came and stayed at Ur hotel and of course lost my money. so answer me question.
5	Solid hotel. Rooms are very clean and decently spacious. Prices are okay (affordable (most of the time)). The location is excellent since its pretty central on the strip.There are plenty of restaurants inside, including affordable ones like BLT Burger and CA Pizza Kitchen. The only thing that was kind of a pain was walking from the front of the hotel to the elevators. But then again, it seems like many hotels on the strip are like that due to the parking being in the back
4	Spur the moment trip with my boyfriend on 4th of July weekend (busy busy busy + paying premium price). Received a complimentary room upgrade at check-in overlooking the pools. When I looked online at the rates several days after booking the room I noticed the price was reduced. I called the reservation line & they adjusted my rates down to the listed prices (:PROS:- Well designed  functional rooms- Complimentary parking- Coffee maker & MP3 jack in room- Tastefully decorated- Excellent location- Friendly accommodating staff- Starbucks on site- Warm ambiance- Fast smooth check-in
3	Regular hotel. Clean and good rooms. Pricing is regular and they have free parking. Inside they do have good restaurants though.
3	Disclaimer: I'm not a Vegas guy. Neither my wife and I dig the Vegas vibe but we (son included) wanted to see The Beatles Love show, so we chose The Mirage.No complaints really. Pool/Strip view room was great and reasonable (Thurs-Fri). Staff was helpful, many eateries on site and the pool was a kick with waterfalls. Being there with an 11 year old we weren't interested in the clubs, and we're not gamblers, but the resort has plenty to offer in that capacity. Good In-Room dining.One note for parents: The Beatles themed clubs aren't family friendly as some might think. Example - As we headed back to our room on Friday the Revolution Lounge had girls dancing in the letters...Not a big thing but for a Tween it might mean a lot of filtering/explaining away.The Beatles Love show was excellent. Really imaginative, creative and inspired.
3	Let me preface by saying, I hate Vegas. I only go there when absolutely forced. Last year, I had to stay at Mandalay Bay. To me, this was similar - a huge compound you basically never need to leave. Rooms: Excellent quality and comfort. Nothing was missing or malfunctioning. Spacious, with glorious beds - we slept very well. Pool: Best get your butt down by 8:01 to stick a towel on a chair if you hope to tan. I went down at 9 and barely managed to find a spot. The pool itself is excellent, with areas to sit all around the edge, and only 3 1/2 feet deep, so nice for kids. Food: Plenty of it and good, everywhere we ate, from room service to a restaurant. Service: Everyone we dealt with was nice, friendly and helpful. Kids: We were there with our 5th grader. This resort is not really kid-friendly, but for Vegas, it's not kid-UNFRIENDLY. (Translation: Your kids will get inhale a lot of secondhand smoke, but they won't see stripper poles in the lobby.) As a hotel, I would rate this very good, but I kind of get the impression for Vegas this might just be standard, hence the 3 rating.
3	The dream of the eighties is alive in Vegas, and hardly anywhere more so than at the Mirage. While the rooms are good, the casino is kind of dank, and the hallways smell perpetually of bacon. I'm no fan of buffets and the one at the Mirage is not going to convince me to become one. However, the pool is pretty nice, in that Cancun kind of way, and the exterior holds up well, even after twenty-odd years. The staff is friendly enough, and the volcano show is worth seeing at least once. A solid place to stay for your 48 hours in Vegas.
4	Pleasantly surprised!!!  Picked the Mirage cause I got a comp night and the room rates were low for labor day weekend!  Call me a Las Vegas snob... yeah, so what I am.  I normally only stay at the Bellagio or the Aria, with a whirl in the new tower of the Hard Rock as well once.  So... yeah, I'm a snob.  Got stuck at the Excalibur once cause my Hawaiian airlines plane caught fire and so they put us all up in the Excalibur for one night until they got us a new plane.  Read my Excalibur review - NASTY!  Anyways... since the Mirage is an older strip hotel, I had visions of the Excalibur.  But lo and behold.... it was nice!  Rooms were completely renovated, huge, clean!  And the hotel itself had everything... a Starbucks (so important after a night out), Jewish deli, burger joint, candy factory, clubs, etc. etc.!!  And location was so central!  We walked everywhere!!!!  Loved it!   One gripe.... the bathrooms by their pool - disgusting!!!  And the pool itself, nothing out of the ordinary.   But nothing bad, but for the bathrooms.   Would I choose to stay here again? ABSOLUTELY!
5	Paid to stay here the first time I came and have yet to pay for a room since.  If you stay here, and gamble here, and are an M-Life member, you won't either.  I'm no big fish, just a guppy.  I even got bumped up to the Deluxe room last time.  It had a jacuzzi tub, separate shower, dual sinks, etc...very nice for absolutely nothing!  You do have to plan your stay to coincide with the best deals they offer.  It's pretty good right now...anytime through the end of November, no blacked-out dates.  Best place to stay and not rent a car.  Very central-strip location.  If you want the Monorail, just cross the street and walk through Harrah's, no problem.  If I want a free ATM (not an easy thing to find), I go next door to Ceasars where there is a BOA ATM in the shopping center.  THE best place for your money and location.
5	Overall we enjoyed our stay and loved this hotel!We were here the first  week of August - it was packed busy, so it took a lot longer at the valet each time we needed our car.  Typical wait was anywhere from 20-30 minutes at the front.It is a large resort in itself - so prepare for a long walk through the casino to get back to the rooms.  That's ok because the casino is fantastic!  I echo the reviews about MLife cards - sign up right away - its good in other hotels as well and those points add up fast - leading to loads of freebies.  Rooms were comfy and well decorated.  Not cheesy.  We were in a deluxe Queen - great views, feather pillows, they do that sheet-wrapped down filler thing now instead of a smelly comforter.  Lighting in the room is poor but contemporary - but we didn't hang out there - just slept there most of the time anyway.We saw both the Beatles Love show and Terry Fator.  Both were a HUGE hit with the family (all adults, but the shows can work for the kiddos, with a few explanations to the Fator show).  I want to see LOVE again.  Dined at the buffet (getting there between breakfast and lunch let us have the option of both meals) and the Brazillian experience at Samba.  Delicious!  My only meh moment there was all of the meat selections were heavier with just one chicken selection and no fish options... they served flank steak, sirloin, lamb, pork, sausage, and chicken.  Sides were amazing though.  One dinner was a set menu option at Kokomos - I wasn't impressed with the filet -or any of the meal-until the dessert.  Small, but loved the berries and cream.  Tasted some chocolate goodness my hubby ordered - very rich. We gambled on their machines mostly this trip.  Won big on the 25cent 7s!  Going home a winner always makes for great reviews...
5	This is a fantastic hotel with an amazing location. I've stayed at a few different hotels on the strip and this is by far my favorite. The rooms were recently renovated so they're really nice and we had a room overlooking the strip which made it even better. The hotel was really clean and it had a lot of good restaurants. I'll be staying here next time I head to Vegas.
3	good hotel. reasonable prices, good food options. Love the pool.
5	It's not super swanky or sexy but it is has a great location and i always seem to get awesome rates here! The rooms aren't anything fancy but covers the basics! Really big pool too if you aren't looking for a day party and would prefer to  have a chill day and just tan.oh, if you're coming with a group and your plan is to pack as many people as possible in a room, this is not the right hotel for that.
4	Really nice, and they have LOVE!
4	Stayed three nights at The Mirage back in July. The rooms were clean, looked recently redone, and were very large. The beds were comfortable. The pool was great and chill with lots of places to sit. The location on The Strip is also very convenient. We were also able to get a great deal on our rooms. My only problem with the room was the bathroom was minuscule. The door hit the toilet when you opened it. The room itself was huge, what's up with the tiny bathroom? I could have done without the uncomfortable couch I never sat on to get a bigger bathroom. Also, the kids running up and down the hallway at 7am ... could have done without, but I guess that could have happened anywhere.
1	My friend had organized for us to stay at The Mirage a few years ago. I remember our hotel room being okay. The beds were comfortable, there was warm water, and all of the appliances worked. It was modernly decorated, but very plain. The hotel was also conveniently located on the center of The Strip.Sooo why the one star rating, you ask? Well...our experience with the front lobby was terrible. We had made reservations a few months in advance, but when we checked-in, they told us that they had made an error in our reservation and that they no longer had our rooms. I have had this happen to me once before at another hotel and in response to their mishap, they upgraded our room to a suite without any extra charges. I mean...if you're going to make a mistake, you're going to have to make it up somehow, right? Well, that's not something The Mirage is familiar with. They simply told us that they could not do anything about it, other than book us for their lower grade rooms. Had there been rooms available at other hotels, we would not have settled. We had no other choice, so we agreed. I will never even think about staying at The Mirage again.
4	Beautiful grounds. Good curteous and prompt customer service. Gorgeous clean rooms. One star deducted, because lighting in room seemed dim & because vending machine on 12th floor were almost near vacant. I had to go to the 11th floor to get a Coke. Great room service. Great on-site choice of restaurants and bars. Prompt check out service. Will definitely stay here again! The business is run like a well oiled machine
5	I have passed through the centrally located Mirage on many occasions over the past 12 years.  It has been renovated in recent years, and has new restaurants and clubs.My review is based on one night that was spent in Villa One in the year 2000.  Yes, this review is 11 years old, but worth the wait.As you may know, there are a handful of very special villas and another handful of lanais that are reserved as special accommodations for high-rollers and special guests.  They do not advertise these room types on the site, nor do they allow guests to pay for them under most circumstances.  If you have seen 'Vegas Vacation', one of the lanais were used as the high-roller suite provided to Nick Papagorgio.  The villas at the Mirage are said to have paid for the entire construction of the Bellagio!!So, my friend wanted to throw a big party in Las Vegas, and needed a special space that could accommodate a live band, approximately 30-40 guests, and a full bar with catered food.  The event was set to take place at The Venetian, but they backed out at the last minute after learning about the live band that was set to perform in the room.  So, the race was on and it was up to me to save the day.  Apparently, I was the only one with a Black card.As I began calling around to find a venue, I was looking out the window of our Venetian suite at The Mirage tower across the way.  Why not call them first?  They are right across the street!  So, I called.  The nice woman who answered decided to transfer me to a casino host named Matt Sacca.  Matt is very cool, and still works as a host in Vegas at Green Valley if I am not mistaken.Anyway, Matt said he could hook us up with a villa and that our party sounded fun.  After all, it was only one night.  The negotiated room rate was $10,000 plus catering, full bar with wait staff, PA system rental and setup, and miscellaneous taxes and fees.  The room rate ended up being a small portion of the total bill.I could go on and on about that night.  There is too much to write here as Yelp limits the space.  Suffice it to say, I learned a few things that night.  Some key lessons include:1.  If you want to spend all of the money you have in Las Vegas without gambling, they have made it very simple for you.  Catered food, bar service, and a private butler can easily set you back $10K+.  A PA system is about $5K a night.  I did not ask about the lion rental.2.  If skinny dipping occurs in your private pool, the butler will fish out the bathing suits and return them to you in plastic bags the next day.  Don't worry, he wears white gloves.3.  Nudity, extreme public intoxication, and Rascal scooter wheelie competitions are frowned upon in the casino.  However, the Rascal is a good instrument for earning quick cash.4.  If you want a return invitation, none of the above will help you.  Spend your money at the casino tables if you want anything comped.5.  Do something this stupid at least once in your life, given the chance.  Make your friend with the cashola really happy, and spend the airlines miles earned to take a relaxing vacation.  You will need recovery time after the Vegas madness.I will never forget that night, and that is a good thing because I just realized I completely taped over the video footage taken.  Probably a good thing!  How long is the statute of limitations in Nevada anyway?
4	Hit up sin city for my cousins bday and stay at the mirage for 3 nights. Was a bit pricey but definitely worth it, the rms were amazing. Very clean and awesome decor. Had every type of electric equipment outlet built into the wall. (USB, audio/video, hdmi, Ethernet)It's at a great location, pretty much walking distance to everything. We only took cabs back to the hotel when we were hammer and couldn't remember which way it was. The food was a bit pricey inside the hotel, we ate at two different spots and both were expensive. But needless to say very good. Because of horrible gambling nights, had my last breakfast in Vegas at a mcdonalds across the st from the mirage. My favorite thing about this place would have to be the pool. It has an incredible water fall and plenty of beach chairs to lay out on. The crowd is a little more mature, which was cool. We didn't have too many douche bags walking around, only us. But all in all a good place to stay and enjoy vegas, would definitely come back again.
3	The Mirage on the strip gets stars for its location and its laid back atmosphere. We were a rowdy large group and didnt experience any issues with that. The Hospitality suite worked very well for our needs and they were really accommodating getting all our rooms on the same floor.I dropped a star from my preemptive review because I wasn't impressed with the value or some of the service however. We booked 3 rooms and a suite and I know its a mid-level hotel...you'd think the customer service would be high for that kind of spending but I really felt like the concierge was rude over simple inquiries and that having to call for housekeeping twice was unexpected.The ice machine broke, there was hardware falling off the walls in our master bedroom, the upkeep wasnt great, the 20$ resort fee per room per night was a rip off,  I was also annoyed to find them offering free show tickets and the like on facebook but we were never offered anything of the sort despite our four night stay with several rooms. There was also a fiasco with the payment. I sent in a credit card authorization form ahead of time to have them charge our rooms in full before arrival.This was so they wouldn't put holds on that card during my stay.  They didn't process the card before I arrived. Upon check in I provided the same card again, explaining that the form was already completed and my concern that the card would be charged twice or the amounts due would be held twice...they assured me it wouldn't.But, of course It was. They processed the form AND then held the same amounts again on the card. Then the card was flagged for fraud as banks do. It didnt really put me in a jam but? they need better communication between departments. We do this trip every year and I dont think I will be booking with them. BUT we WILL go to BARE pool again for sure and the restaurants ( except the Deli, horrible service) were good. We really enjoyed BLT burger and the buffet.
4	had my parents stay here on a comp we had and they loved it. the only start i am dropping is mainy because of the food options and lack of good drink service in the casino
2	Caveat: CONVENTION SPACE REVIEWAs a resort/casino, a place to play, eat, and see shows? 4-star, enjoyable. It's a solid place for that.This review, however, is based on my experience while at the Mario Barth's Biggest Tattoo Show on Earth held at the Mirage over the weekend. (Ooooh, another caveat: THIS IS NOT A SHOW REVIEW.)*****Still with me? OK, here's the short and sweet:So, (a) you have the Terry Fator theater close by, with some concessions, a business area, etc. Add to this that (b) the convention center is hosting a tattoo convention, a service that is -  what, 75%+ the time? - a cash transaction...And you have no ATMs close by. Not close to the theater. Not close to the concessions. Not close to the box office. You have to go all the way out to the LOVE! theater to find an ATM. Worse yet, (c) your convention staff didn't know that. If there was anything closer, no one I know or talked to could find it or point it out. #vendingfailI hopped on the locals' special and signed up ahead of time to get free tickets. Without pre-registration, it cost locals $10. Overall, no biggie. But then, at the door, not only did no one check my ticket until I practically forced it under her nose, she didn't give me or my friend any sort of wrist band. Why is this important? While they do offer hand stamps for exit and re-entry (see aforementioned ATM fail), I was still hassled a couple times by Mirage security about not having a wrist band and why couldn't I produce my ticket? Thankfully I had the email confirmation on my phone and ID to correspond to the email.$6 beers and $12 cocktails? Really? Even in a casino on the strip that's a bit ludicrous, especially because I am not sitting somewhere being served and/or offered food, etc.Loved the show, generally like the Mirage, but the convention setup, handling, conveniences (and lack thereof)? Meh, truly disappointed; I've had better.
4	There are many more beautiful, new, luxurious & expensive hotels on the strip...but, The Mirage was the Perfect location for us!  It was our first trip to Vegas & our goal was to try and see every hotel On Our List during a 5 day stay. ......... we walked & used taxis back & forth between the hotels. We had such a BLAST & were able to get a Great Experience from all the hotels we wanted to see!   We were like a bunch of giddy  little kids having the time of our lives!...Ya know how it is..... ya NEVER Forget your First Time in Vegas! ! ! !...Just wish I'd been there @ the same time "Ryan "Alcatraz" W" was showing off his skills in the Rascal Scooter Wheelie Competition! That's hilarious! ! ! !.....Actually that izzzz "Highly Frowned Upon" @ The Mirage!   ha!   ha!   ha!   ha!......oh well....  The interior @ The Mirage is tropical & very nice! I Love the Huge aquarium behind the front desk!  Great first impression! Our room was beautifully decorated & very comfy! The pool was really pretty & had lots of little private places to get away from the crowds if ya want to. We ate @ the Carnegie Deli & Cravings while we were there....both places were really good. Our most Memorable Meal was @  Valentino's  @ The Venetian..WOW! Overall, I will stay @ The Mirage again. I like the location & it's not too pricey....No complaints. The staff was very accommodating.
4	While I did find faults with The Mirage, overall, it gets a solid 4 stars.I spent 5 days here for a conference. I ate, walked and drank here here's a brief breakdown:-The Room: for the price, you're getting a decent room. Stocked mini bar, robes, above average decor, flat screen, iPod dock alarm clock, rockstar bathroom. Lovely view of the parking lot.-Eats: In the hotel, your options for sit-down are several. Stack, Japonis, Samba, Carnegie, CPK and more. Up side, just about everything is great. Down side is, your options for take away or lighter fare (in price and quantity) are very slim. For example, while working all weekend, we wanted to grab something to take back into the convention and the simplest thing we could get was $16 sandwiches from the Carnegie. Don't get me wrong, I love them, but if I was here on a vacation with someone and planned on staying in the hotel, even lunch is an ordeal. Be prepared.Drinks: There's at least one big cup frozen drink shack. The burger joint makes boozey milkshakes. Revolution Lounge will drain your wallet to look at girls dolled up in 60's garb. King Ink is good as a lounge area but when they flip the switch to the full on nightclub, I need to evacuate. Overall: not bad.Everyone we encountered hat worked at the hotel was awesome. Even though it's on the higher end of the scale, you are not looked down on like in some hotels, no matter what you look like.So, overall, really good and I liked it. Im not saying they should put a food court in here or anything, but maybe something just a little more accessible  in terms of snacking would be good..
3	The mirage is exactly what it should be, its just ok. Nothing spectacular, nothing amazing just dead on ok. With that I should also say its not bad either. The range of restaurants, the shows, the lounges are all cool. Even when I'm not staying at the mirage I make it a point to either come here and gamble, or have a drink or hit up the buffet. The buffet is one of my favorites. And i always make a drink stop at japonias  lounge. To be honest I'm always hot on the roulette tables as well. It never fails. Which a great thing.Now to the rooms. Rooms are ok. Fair size. Fairly clean. Drapes and blankets are most def out of date. In fact the entire hotel needs an upgrade slash face lift. Haven't got a chance to check out the pool. But I hear it's really nice. Check in service was ok. The aquarium behind check in is really neat. Also the hotel is dead center of the strip. Everything is walking distance. I'd probably stay here again. And quite possibly get a suite next time. I hear they are some of the best. Price range, well it's kinda pricy for an old hotel. But there's always coupon codes floating around online. So in the end it's not too bad.
4	I've always wanted to stay here, and finally my man and I got to this past January for our 3rd anniversary. It is definitely a beautiful and very nice hotel. Its rooms are very clean and upscale, and the beds are comfortable. The gaming floor is expansive and easier to navigate than most. As a 1 cent slot machine player, I cannot attest to any other games, but their payout is great here. It's not as good as the Monte Carlo's, but what are you going to do? It's not as nice a hotel, therefore it has not as good payout.I would definitely stay here again.
4	During my mancation in Vegas we stayed here for a couple of nights. It's high tech and feels Glamorous like Fergie. The rooms are swanky, have big flat screen tvs, multiple hook-ups for your computers, usb ports, you name it. It's a geeks dream. The decor is of course ultra modern. They have a bunch of restaurants to order from if you don't feel like leaving. The pool area is huge and the women are classy. I was gonna write more, but I just remembered. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.Awesome hotel!
4	I really enjoyed my stay at The Mirage.  I was happy with service from the front desk, room service and servers in the various lounges.  I thought my room was modern, clean and comfortable.  I was happy with the bed and pillows.  I really didn't need to leave the resort.  Between taking in the shops, including what I'd actually consider 5 star shopping in Love Boutique/The Beatles store (as I'm a huge fan), attending the Cirque Du Soleil show Love, visiting Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden and Dophin Habitat, B.B. Kings Blues Club, California Pizza Kitchen, etc., I just didn't need anything else.  I really only left to avoid feeling lazy.  I met lots of cool people (including fellow Albertans) in the lounges and felt completely content here.
5	Stayed here for The Aesthetic Show conference taking place in May 2010 and the rooms were spotless (and very reasonably priced! I believe I paid around $69 a night!). Very modern deco and the Mirage website photos actually match exactly what the rooms look like, which is always nice. Tip: If you book a room directly off their website, they offer 20% off tickets to see LOVE (at least, they used to in 2010, not sure if that is still the case). I had absolutely no problems with this hotel and enjoyed every second. Great restaurants, too - try Japonais! Revolution is very pricey (I think water was like $7 but was a great time - no cover for ladies and lots of eye candy:)
2	The Mirage used to be very nice up until 15 years ago, now it is like a has-been model who is refusing to accept age and throws tantrums in the process. Where to start with this comedy? 1- We had 2 for 1 buffet deal when we made the reservation but upon checking in they would not honor their own promo code which WAS valid. 2- When we got to our room we discovered it already had been rented to a baby cockroach who was happily napping on one of the pillows. The bed sheets had holes! On that day I was suffering from a pulled knee ligament and could not walk long distances. My wife called the manager who asked us to move to another room on another floor all the while stating that our existing key will work for that room!! Should have known better because me and my bum knee found out the hard way that it would not open the door to the room she asked us to move to. Meanwhile my wife had to go to the lobby to see the manager to straighten things out.The last insult was the in-room refrigerator. It has a sensor that tells it if you had the nerve to place a beverage or food item of your own in it and therefore it is going to charge you for that facility. Yes, you read this right.For all of these ridiculous non-sense they offered to refund us their mandatory $22 resort fee. Never again.
3	Too many great choices in LV to settle for Mirage. Restaurants are weakish, fitness room needs major upgrade, staff seems grumpy. Not my favorite.
3	I always walk through this hotel, but I can't seem to recall it's selling points. I think there are gardens, or some sort of zoo, which is different, but it's not my favorite hotel on the strip.
5	Excellent hotel, enjoyed the club revoluion and the rhumbar.
4	This is where the bachelorette party weekend played out....I would've never thought of the Mirage for a hotel to choose and how rude of me.  It was pretty nice inside and I really loved the room.  The decor was modern and the colors matched our bachelorette decorations PERFECTLY.  Extremely small restrooms.  Imagine seven women in one room trying to get ready O_oMe and the Mirage bonded that weekend.  As many times as I partied in Vegas, one of the best ones played out here.Sorry for all that confetti, bottles, caution tape, and shit left in the room.  Go hard or go home!
5	I can't say anything about the food, the rooms, the shopping, or even what it looks like inside.I always WIN when I play here.  I don't know what it is about this casino.  It just brings me luck.  Doesn't matter if the dealer is a mean mugging old Asian geezer or a sweet white lady with a super teased frizzy perm.  I always win.  Any business that puts money back into my wallet is 5 stars.
4	I have been staying here for years and its great . Everything you would expect in a 4 star hotel resort casino .
5	Stayed here for a 4 day 3 night trip and was absolutely satisfied with every aspect of this hotel. First, the check-in was originally at 3pm but we got in early and they allowed us to check in at 10:00am! I was super stoked because I was ready for a nap. The room was just as described and the pictures were on point.  We got the deluxe room with two queen beds and the room was a good size and the beds way comfy and soft! The flat 42" screen tv was mounted on the wall and allowed a lot of table room and counter space. Just don't use anything in the stocked fridge because they will charge you an arm and a leg.  The furniture looked all new and the entire decor of the room was appealing.  The staff was super friendly and attentive, one night we were even a little too tipsy we were offered a wheelchair back to our room! And the next day the staff checked up on us to see if everything was ok. I thought that was considerate (or they wanted to make sure we were alive!) LOL.I also like the set up of the hotel because not all of our party was able to get on the same floor but all the elevators were located in the same vicinity which made it easy for us to all meet up. There is free wi-fi access to all guests as well as a cardio area. I will definitely stay here again, it was a little pricey but you can get good deals if you keep searching.
4	Couldn't stay another minute at Caesar's, able to get a deluxe room via Vegas.com for about $125/night, upgraded to a 24th floor room for an extra $30/night, very modern, sleek, WORKING wi-fi (covered by the $20/day "resort fee"), mini-bar, fairly quiet, great view looking NE (flat city, with mountains and freeways), but staff actually smile here!  Would definitely book here again.  Nicer buffet than most, but gotta admit, I blew it at the craps table.
4	Mirage Hotel & Casino Las Vegashttp://mirage.com/We're just back from a 4 day quick trip over Thanksgiving from Vegas.  We have been before, but it's been a while so there was a lot to see and do.  We went with a large group and stayed at the Mirage.  We liked the Mirage as they were able to guarantee us a non-smoking room while other places would not do that.  We stayed in room #22029, which had been recently renovated not too long ago.  The room was nicely appointed and the beds were very comfortable.  We found an internet price of just under $100 which we thought was very good too.  The room we had was pretty spacious and faced the North, with views of Treasure Island, The Wynn, Palazzo, The Venetian and the hourly volcano eruption.  Another benefit about the Mirage was not only are there to non smoking rooms, they have non-smoking floors.  The entire 22nd floor was non-smoking and we also noticed no-smoking signs in the elevators next to the floor numbers for several other floors like ours as well.The downside of the room is pretty typical to Las Vegas.  There are no coffee pots in the rooms and don't even think about trying to used the loaded refrigerator in the room for personal use.  There are sensors in the fridge that automatically charge your room if items are removed / replaced.  The prices for the food and drink beverages inside the fridge are absolutely ridiculous as well.  But honestly, this is how almost every hotel on the strip that we've ever stayed in was equipped as well.  There was a Walgreens across the street where we found water for 99 cents, so save your money for the slots!!  We had a good time and would recommend it.
1	10 Reasons NOT to stay at The Mirage Hotel:The Mirage needs some serious management training and leadership skills in customer service. I was staying there for the Digital Auto Dealer Conference in early Oct 2011. Here are the "low lights" of my stay:1. Called ahead to ask for early check in. I was told no problem. When I got there, they actually laughed at me and said "no chance."2. I had to stow my bags with the bellman so I went to the "Bell Desk" to do that and they acted like I was bothering them and then pointed that I should go outside to do that.3. Once in my room, I called the bell desk several times to retrieve my bags, getting an automated attendant and COMMERCIALS! while I was waiting for someone to pick up. It took 4 tries to get someone on the phone and once I did, Cynthia laughed at me when I told her the substandard experience I had just received. I actually asked her, "Are you laughing at me?" but she didn't reply.4. Whenever you call any dept in the hotel, they don't know your name. They ask you every time to state your name, making me feel unimportant.5. Most every hotel these days has an in-room coffeemaker. Mine didn't so I called room service. I like to have hot water in the mornings so I asked about it and they said I would have to order hot water from room service! Really???6. I did like they said, I ordered hot water from room service and guess what?  It tasted and smelled like coffee!7. There was no shower cap (I know this is a small one but to those of us with long hair, it's a big deal).8. The rooms are dirty, they need a makeover.  Appalling.9. After I checked out I had time before my flight so I asked where in the hotel could I work for a few hours without any cigarette smoke (since I am allergic).  I was told the only place in the hotel where there is no smoking was Starbucks.  Thank you Starbucks for being the only bright spot in my stay at the Mirage.10. I had to visit the ladies' room during my Starbucks stay and had to walk far into the casino to get there.  When I did, there was no toilet paper in ANY of the stalls.With that, I called a taxi and left for the airport early.  DO NOT stay at the Mirage Hotel.  Run away and never come back!
4	I go to Vegas quite often, and the Mirage is definitely my choice for when I'm on a budget. They have reasonable room rates (especially once you've joined MLife - it's free!), and are much nicer than resorts in the same star and price level. Plus, I like this side of the strip! Lots to do in the general vicinity!The rooms are chic and stylish and the beds are oh-so-comfortable. I've never been to the buffet here, but I do like the casino, even though it can get a bit smoky. I'd definitely recommend staying here if you are looking to spend less than $75 on a hotel room in Vegas. It's probably the nicest of the lower end casinos.
3	The Mirage is nice. I didn't stay here, but I came here recently for a concert and also played some. The place is kinda crowded though. The placement of tables and slots made me feel a little claustrophobic. I won a bit here, so I will be back!
3	WE spent a few hours on the Mirage floor before seeing the Beatles Love. Service was quick and there were plenty of options to choose from. Navigating around the Mirage was easy, and there were tons of dining and cocktail options.I won a little bit on the floor here, and I would come back before another trip to see Love.
2	My boyfriend's parents stayed here when we were in Vegas for Thanksgiving (their tradition, not mine...yet) and I really didn't like it.  First of all, getting to their hotel room felt like the longest trek in the world.  The hotel elevators are way on the other side of the casino and then their room was at the end of the mile long hallway.  Whoa.  Second, who decorated these rooms? It was so ugly I couldn't even handle it.  Oh man.  Third, the casino isn't that great.  We would mostly take the tram back to Treasure Island to play the slots there or my boyfriend would go across the street to play craps somewhere a bit cheaper.  I saw nothing redeeming about this hotel.  I didn't actually sleep here myself but we spent enough time there for me to know I didn't like it.
3	We came here with a group of people for Halloween weekend.  Rooms were decent, beds were comfortable, and we were able to explore the Strip easily from the location. The boys spent quite a lot of time at the tables here and made some moolah.  Shops were decent but didn't buy anything.  Check in process took a long time, but all in all it was a good stay.
3	So we finally stayed at the Mirage.  Was I impressed?  With the exception of the front desk and valet staff, no.  The updated room was nice.  It was clean.  The bed was very, very comfy and the linens were good.  Maybe I just can't get past the lack of floor-to-ceiling windows.  Maybe I like a separate tub.  Maybe the attempt at a retro-but-new style is not my brand of vodka.  Maybe I am a picky bitch, which is the most likely explanation.The pools are beautful.  More crowded than most, wall-to-wall lounge chairs and kids all over the damn place.  Not even close to relaxing.  Never again.Having said all that, the front desk staff WAS exceptional and accomodating.  But even that can't hold a candle to Julie the valet.  She addressed us by name the second day of our stay.  Yes, we tip well.  But imagine how many people are in and out of the Mirage in a 24 hour period.  IMAGINE.  And the smiling, friendly valet called us by name.  As we exited the car, so no ticket to refer to.  It was a rental car, nothing that would stand out.  Astonishing.  She impressed me more than ANYTHING ELSE at the Mirage.  The location is GREAT.  And, you know, it's THE MIRAGE.  So it deserves our respect for still being beautiful and cool.  The volcano is great. The music in the casino is very good.  It's well kept.  I can't find any real fault here that isn't based on my own taste and maybe-too-high standards.  So, stay, if you get a deal.  It's clean, for sure.  It does the job.So, the takeaway:  I still have a warm fuzzy place in my heart for the Mirage because I have won big here on occasions that stick in my mind. (See previous reviews of the casino only, if you care)  But I will not stay there again.  Also, it's not like we paid to stay there, or anywhere in LV, so cost is not any sort of a factor.  It's a beautiful, fragrant, very crowded, noisy place that has one or two great features.  Casino - yes.  Hotel - No.
4	You may not win on the slots, but the hotel rooms are nice. I stayed at the Mirage for my Thanksgiving weekend in Vegas.NOTE: IF YOU TOUCH ANYTHING IN THE FRIDGE AND MOVE THINGS AROUND, YOU'LL GET CHARGED FOR THEM. You'll also find a "mobile pleasure kit," aka a mini vibrator in the mini fridge area, talk about convenientNow that that's out of the way. The Mirage has friendly efficient service and the rooms are spacious and clean. I had a really good time staying here. i was in the middle of everything on the strip. The volcano show isn't that cool but, that's okay there are so many shows going on in Vegas that's not exactly my most pressing issue.I did have a bit of trouble connecting to the wi-fi and around 10 pm (when I called at 9) they couldn't figure out what was the problem and brought me an ethernet.The Beatles Show, Revolution, is also located in the lobby. And it was amazing. You get a discount for staying in the hotel for the The food was extremely expensive. The Buffet place downstairs, Carnegie Deli, etc. It was all really expensive. I mean I know most food is going to be expensive but it was seriously a bit much.
2	I have stayed in a few Vegas resorts and this current trip, I was less than enamored with Mirage.  The check in process was slow and unorganized, the room decent but nothing to write home about (aged and needs some basic maintenance), the restaurants pricey and decent but not great, and the kicker.....gambling here is a drag.  I have become a recent fan of Planet Hollywood and some other casinos on the southern part of the strip due to personable dealers, reasonable rates, and service.  My experiences playing the tables at Mirage have yielded slow to no drink service, dealers with no personality and, if you have rewards points, it takes forever for them to take and process your card compared to other casinos.  All-in-all this hotel & casino experience is in a 1-2 range and that is after getting a promotional and smoking deal on the room rate.  I would rather pay a higher room rate and stay at Wynn, Palazzo, Venetian, PH, or Aria and there are numerous places I would rather gamble.
5	I seriously have no complaints about this place! Our check in was supposed to be at 3pm but we arrived at 12:00pm and early check in wasn't a problem.I stayed for one night with my boyfriend for his 21st birthday. We told the front desk girl that we were here for a special occasion and slipped her a $20 bill. She upgraded us to the Tower Deluxe Room and sent up a complementary bottle of champagne. There were jacuzzi jets in the bathtub and a king sized bed. They also do room service check ups late at night like around midnight just to make sure we have enough towels etc. The cleaning lady gave us chocolates when we opened the door. Awesome! The overall feel of the hotel is not so bad either. The decorations and plants in the lobby look extravagant and there are lounges and bars to hang out at downstairs even though we didn't go exploring too much. Overall, I recommend this hotel if you're looking for a very nice place for a cheap price!Pros:-Good service-Complementary upgrades-Located in the middle of the strip-Early Check-inCons:None
3	So... hotel rooms are alright, but there are plenty of newer hotels with nicer rooms for about the same price (depending on what time of the year you're going).  The pillows were terrible and gave me terrible neck pain for the rest of the trip after just one night.  Yuck.  Otherwise the casino is okay and the restaurants aren't terrible (I don't think there are too many great restaurants in Vegas, other than the few owned by famous chefs) but not great.  They have the new sensor fridges that'll charge you for anything you move, even if you don't eat it/use it.  The rooms are clean but sound proofing needs to be done if you want any sort of sleep.  Check in and check out take forever!  I think I'll go back to Vdara/Cosmo next time...
3	This is where I stayed when I went to Las Vegas and the room is nice. We got a room with two beds and it was spread nice and neatly. The bathroom has shampoo, a soap bar for the face, and they provide towels. My complaint about this place is they only provide you with one toilet paper! Also in the morning at 5 am there was a loud alarm that awoke us for idk what reason it went on for about two minutes and I was irritated because I have a hard time sleeping again after awoken. I managed to sleep shortly after but the alarm went off stating the problem was resolved repeating the phrase three times before going off! I don't see why the warning went off if it doesn't pertain to us, but yeah the food in here is expensive!
5	ROOMS (King Deluxe): 5/5Decor & Electronics: Lovely. Very modern and fresh. There was ample seating, and we were pleased to find plenty of AC outlets and even some direct USB jacks. There's a great flatscreen HDTV with an HDMI port for you to watch movies from your laptop (just be sure to bring your own HDMI cable, as the hotel doesn't lend or sell them). There's also plenty of storage for clothing and whatnot in the many drawers around the room (though you may want to note that there's no wardrobe, so good luck hanging up any of your more delicate outfits!).Bed: Incredibly comfortable. We spent more time sleeping than anticipated just because it was so damn comfy! The sheets were fresh and soft, the mattress was firm yet moldable, and the pillows (which I never seem to have enough of in hotels) were, for once, entirely adequate: big, fluffy, and, like the mattress, firm yet moldable. Bathroom: Quite small, but it didn't bother me, though it might (actually, it probably) would bother others. It consisted of a toilet, a sink, and a shower with an attached tub; there's no additional room for movement aside from opening and closing the door. The shower curtain was outward-bowing, so there was plenty of bathing room, and the water pressure and heat were fine -- fully acceptable, if not more than.Cleanliness: Terrific. I found no stains, dirt, or dust anywhere. I'm EXTREMELY picky about room cleanliness, so for me to be this pleased is very rare and certainly says something about the standards held by the Mirage. In fact, they have a 24-hour cleaning crew! Even if you sleep until 3:00, you can still expect your room to be clean by the time you get back later that night.Noise: Nearly as silent as it gets. Sure, we would occasionally hear groups of 10+ guys carousing their way down the hallway, but it was muffled enough that it hardly registered, and it was certainly never loud enough to wake us up. We never once heard the folks in the rooms on either side of ours, nor did we hear any water from other pipes or sounds from other TVs.Price: Exceedingly affordable. Our stay was $40 a night (mid-December, Tues-Fri). The $20 resort fee is a bit much, especially considering the Internet connection was never particularly reliable, but it's not unusual for Vegas casinos, so it's difficult to knock them for a charge every other place adds on.CASINO: 4/5Games: Fun, but a bit limited. The tables are pricy, and we couldn't find several of our favorite newer machines (e.g., Texas Hold 'Em and Multi-Hand Blackjack). Service: Fantastic. Everyone was exceedingly friendly and eager to help. When a couple cut in front of us in the line to check in, a security guard, who had been watching, came over and quietly led me and my boyfriend to a hidden open desk at the far end of the room so that we wouldn't be cheated out of our "turn" at the counter. We also watched one clerk get quite unfairly screamed at by a guest for not honoring an expired offer; the clerk offered her a freshly printed copy of the details of said offer, along with her own name for the woman to complain to management. At the end of the transaction, the clerk told the woman to have a wonderful day without a trace of irony or sarcasm in her voice. These people are truly interested in making your stay as pleasant as possible.Cleanliness: Fine. I didn't notice any trash, and the bathrooms were always clean.Decor: Not particularly inspired, but certainly nice. The little tropical forest with the waterfall at the entrance gave off a very fresh smell that was oddly comforting, especially after the reek of booze and smoke on the Strip.Food: BLT Burger is a great place to eat. Other than that, though, the choice of eateries is a bit lacking. The only place open 24 hours is the Carnegie Deli, which I can tell you is most definitely overpriced; they're coasting entirely off their name (I mean, $22 for lox on a bagel -- seriously?!). Still, the food there's good, if you're willing to pay the massive premium. We just found ourselves wishing there were more options available to us late-nighters.
4	OK this is not your Mirage from the 90's... They have remodeled their rooms and its really nice! And not to mention that this hotel is located right smack dab in the middle of the strip!  Winning!!! The lean rooms are all upgraded with really squishy comfy beds and feather pillows that will make you feel like your sleeping on clouds! I would have given them five stars but the noise in the hallways echoes though out your room. You can hear everything in the hallways and every time your neighbor slams their door. And the walk from the front desk to the elevators kind of suck. You have to walk across the casino floor and a ton of people to get to the guest elevators.  The check-in service was very polite and accommodating. You can probably slip them a $20 and upgrade your room because they ask you if you are celebrating anything special and slip them the cash and I am sure they will hook you up! I have never tried it but I had heard it works! And if you park in the parking structure try to park on the fourth floor over to the right hand corner of the structure to be close to the elevators. If it's too crowded then park on the third floor, less cars. The hotel is also in walking distance of Venetian and Palazao.For the price, location.. location...and the remodeled rooms. You can't beat the deal!BTW.... We only paid $33 for Thurs and $53 for Friday night.. Score..!
4	I really like this hotel. It is well kept and clean. Service is awesome. It is decorated nicely. The rooms are cheap and they are pretty big. Beds are super comfortable and soft. I actually got some limited but good sleep. Also, it is located somewhat like in the middle of the strip.... soo everything is pretty much walkable distance from here though.Tons of restaurant such as Craving Buffet, Fin, Japonais, BLT burger, California Pizza Kitchen. I went to the Craving buffet and it was pretty good for brunch. Give it a try if you are staying here.The casino is good. I only play roulette and blackjack so as long as they have that I'm happy with any casino. Played blackjack for hours and won a lot, played roulette for 5 minutes and lost a lot. They also have cool slot machine games which I really enjoyed such as Deal or No Deal and Dark Knight.
4	The room is nice, albeit slightly small, but this is just a room, not a suite or anything like that so I figure that it's nice.  Seeing that what me and my friends like to do to save a few bucks is just get one room and PACK it. So for a room with 2 queen beds, we made it fit so that there was 7 of us. Coincidentally only one person slept on the bed both nights since one girl didn't come in till 9AM so I had the bed to myself, and the next night I didn't come in until 5 or 6 and the bed was taken and the other girl slept in the bathtub. (no joke).  So I give this hotel a 4 for the cleanliness of the floor and the comfort of the carpet they had.  And actually, there was plenty of room on the floor for ourselves and our luggage AND a cooler full of alcohol.  The place also had a really long table where we can put our cups and alcohol and mixers, but the place does NOT have fridge where you can store stuff (just a mini fridge full of 12 dollar M&Ms and 20 dollar bottles of water..I exaggerate).  Either way, the decor is really cute- very Ikea-esque with a bit of funky 60s going on, the concierge, room service and housekeeping were all very helpful and nice when they came by.  What I liked about the room too is that you can open the window so you can let a little bit of fresh air in.  The hotel itself is pretty nice too and it's close by to a lot of things like restaurants and other stuff.  Their bath amenities are decent and they have a citrus smell to them.
4	I always have to come in here when I'm in town. What a nice place. The volcano it's the same as it was when it first opened but still great.
5	I have stayed at The Mirage twice and had a great experience both times.  The rooms are newly rennovated and well kept.  The pool is blissful, lots of waterfalls and palm trees and tons of room to swim or layout.  Only word of caution is to go to the pool early as people get a bit territorial and save chairs for friends and then take off for hours.  The casino has about 4 roulette tables going at any given time.  This is fine during the day or late night, but can get crowded during prime hours of 8-12.  There are lots of restaurants and great places to eat inside the casino.  BB Kings is great for breakfast, and the Buffet has king crab legs and asian potstickers on Saturday.
4	We had a renovated room, modest and well decorated with plentiful power plugs, HD TV, and ample drawer space for clothes.  It seemed clean and the housekeeping service was adequate.  However, the windows were so filthy that you could barely see out of them.  We paid about $70/night during the week prior to Christmas.  We were required to pay a $20/night hotel charge, which included in-room wi-fi.  Overall, I like the hotel, but if I was looking for more luxury, I'd to elsewhere.
1	Sitting in our room right now, So glad we paid that resort fee for a room that stinks of vomit!
3	Prior to now, my review of this place was based solely on viewing its grounds (like I do with most hotels in Vegas), but now, I can add that I have stayed here.  First of all, this hotel was ONCE (pre-Bellagio, pre-Wynn, pre-Encore, pre-Cosmopolitan, etc etc) the best and brightest on the strip.  It was.  Then, along came all the other hotels.  And then, Siegfried and Roy vanished........along with their tiger display (a huge, huge loss in my book), along with the passing of one amazing Danny Gans.  At least it still boasts Cirque du Soleil's Beatles Love show, which I have yet to see..... not for lack of trying, however.  This hotel is no longer all that it once was cracked up to be.  Honestly, having spent some time walking around inside, there is no longer anything to see, and I refuse to pay to see a habitat there.  I was there a few years ago, and that's good enough for me (no offense to all the animals lodged there).  While I can say that our rooms were extremely spacious and comfortable (we had a king bed, and our daughters' room had 2 queens), there were some problems.First of all, I have never had issues using a debit card to pay for a room.  While the card took immediately, I was forced to pay up front, which was no big deal really, but I never have in the past.  They "usually" let me run a tab.  No one, nowhere, has ever batted an eyelash over what I use to pay for things, and my debit card has the Visa logo and everything.  Here, once I paid, that was it.  I couldn't charge another thing to the room, such as an-room movie, or I'd have to commit $100 in advance PER DAY to cover an $11 movie.....or whatever it costs.  Why?  What is their deal?Then, there was a refrigerator/freezer in the room.  Cool !!  We could put all our leftovers in there.........yeh, that's if we were interested in paying a ridiculous sum (anything over ZERO is considered RIDICULOUS) for just putting our own, already paid for perishables in a refrigerator. They charge by the ounce.  I have no idea how much per ounce because I was so outraged that they would do that, I didn't get past the idea.  SERIOUSLY?  Who does that?  That's just low.Finally, we had previously signed up for a hotel promotion where we could eat at any MGM resort buffet for breakfast or lunch, and it was equivalent to $40/day for 2 people per paid room.  Allegedly, it was plus the cost of tax to equal $56/day.  At the Aria Hotel, they honored the $40 plus tax, but yet, at the Mirage, they did NOT.  This, mind you, was stated by 2 of the 5 idiots telling us how this promotion worked, but in the end, we were unable to get the measily $3.22 tax comped at the Mirage.  I simply didn't have enough energy to fight over it.....but I was pissed.  Unfortunately, we were told five DIFFERENT things by five different people........nobody REALLY knew, the least of which was us.  Our first day there, we ate lunch at Carnegie Deli and ended up using my comped amount (the $80 of free BUFFET food), and THEY stated it was good at their restaurant.  I was surprised.  However, the next day, the front desk said NO WAY, so for a little while, we were in the throws of having to cover the $80 difference that we thought was a done deal.  We never asked.......Carnegie Deli offered.  So, why should I now have to cover something that was a mistake on their part????????  The hotel ended up eating that cost, as they should.  I pitched a fit on that one.  It was NOT MY fault.   They also argued this with my brother, who stayed at the Mirage, as well, and who had signed up for the comped buffet meals.  They gave him the equal runaround, and in fact, they made his situation worse than mine........HE got stuck with having to charge $300 extra ($100/day for 3 days) to cover the cost of the comp.  Okay, explain that.......why should HE have to pay, or even commit the funds temporarily, for something that is COMPED BY THE HOTEL in the first place??????  What the hell is that about?  That REALLY got us both up in arms (me in support of him).As I stated earlier, the rooms were fine, but there was just a whole lotta mix-ups, misinformation, and the hotel was just one of the more boring hotels, given all that there is to do in so many of the other hotels.  I was kinda sad about it.  Four stars for the room comfort and size, but honestly, they only get 1 star for all the other nonsense that ensued....thus, I'd say they should feel pretty good about getting an overall 3 stars from me.
2	Un-hip clientele.  Bar staff that are rude as hell.  Not even a good center bar to hang out at.  Why was I here all of Friday night?  I'm not really sure... oh yeah, cheap tickets to their nightclub.  All I know is I left Mirage thinking I'd only be back there to see Beatles LOVE again.  This place is so weak.
3	We were planning to stay at the Riveria, but changed to the Mirage when we realized how far Riviera is in relation to what we wanted to visit. From the outside, it looks like we've got a pretty good deal. First upside? FREE PARKING for hotel guests. Who does that?!?! and in Vegas? I don't know how the other hotels are, but this made me happy. Check in on a Thursday around 5 was FAST. First downside? We were on the 21st floor, and our elevators were in the middle of the casino. We had to walk a good 10 minutes before we got to our elevator. And the signs aren't much help, especially when you've got all this luggage in hand! Biggest irritation of the weekend. I don't have a problem with walking by slot machines or smoke, but all this for 10  minutes to get to my elevator? Never again. If after reading this you agree with me, start reviewing other hotels. It doesn't get much better once you know where to go. Elevators were quick though, in case you do come here!Now the rooms aren't anything amazing. 2 beds for 4 people on the 21st floor, room 51. Be warned you can't take anything out of the fridge or put anything in because they measure everything by weight! So if it's +/-, you'll get charged. Also be warned...there is no microwave for your use anywhere in the hotel....apparently that's a "fire hazard" to have one for the patron's use. I call it a bluff. Onto the room's restroom....disappointment. It looked dirty to begin with, and that's because it's just plain old and cheap. The tub had something plastered on to it....I'm not good with names but I'm sure it's to prevent slippage. That thing gets unstuck from the tub floor when the water starts to run. Oh, and the water doesn't run down the drain smoothly and quickly. So after about 10-15 min, you're standing up to your ankles in water. GROSS. Then the toilet doesn't flush anywhere. You either need to hold it down for a long time or flush it multiple times. At some points, I thought it was going to clog up on me. Next the counter space....TINY! It's like the size of my sink in my personal bathroom. Even if 2 people were meant for that room, I don't think that sink would have been very comfortable. Restrooms are important for me, especially in hotels. I like them clean and comfy. Beds were comfy, room was never too hot or too cold. The biggest complaints were about the elevator location and the restroom, oh and the fridge/microwave (we had leftovers that we wanted to eat, but they had to be tossed instead)In the main floor you have CPK, Starbucks, and lots of other places to eat. The Mirage is close to Treasure Island, the Venetian and Ceasar's Palace. Overall, the location was convenient. But I won't be back.  Also, don't bring your kids here. Go to Circus Circus. Or better yet, Disneyland in Cali.
4	Was much nicer than I remember, nice layout with lots of nice shops and restaurants; tigers and dolphins were nice, as was the huge aquarium behind check in.
4	Okay, my very first time staying at The Mirage was when I was in 7th Grade... it was a cool place as a kid.  You had the rainforest/jungle like atmosphere, the lions/tigers, the volcano, and a pool w/ waterfalls.  Twelve years later... the rooms have definitely been upgraded to a more modern take on hotel living.  I'm counting the furnishings, the art, and probably the TV.  The bathroom however, was small.  I think the room I had this time around had a smaller bathroom than the one I had witnessed as a kid with my parents.  The door is right in front of the toilet, so if someone is sitting, it would be kind of difficult to open the door (just saying).  There is only 1 sink & our tub was clogged upon the first time of using it.  Check-in Process = No wait in line, quick, front desk receptionist was very helpful & courteousWalk from front desk to hotel room = a breeze - it was a pretty easy path to the elevators with much around you to look at.  Finding the room was also easy (nothing confusing about it).The Room = I got the normal 2 queen standard room. 1 plasma TV, a desk area, 2 wireless phones, plenty of drawers & a closet with mirrored doors.  Hairdryer & Iron available inside, no need to request.  You're able to open the window to let some natural light and fresh air to flow through (a plus).  Beds were comfy & each bed comes w/ 4 plush pillows.  There is an ipod speaker/dock, but it only worked for ipod minis  :/  Free wi-fi service.The Room's View = We had a great view of the strip AND the pool (it was too bad that the pool wasn't open during the time I went, the pool was drained :(  hahaRoom Service = I wasn't in the room when this was requested, but my friends said that it took a while for them to get their food & when it arrived, it tasted as though it was sitting there and had been forgotten about.  The food wasn't that great either.  This could have been due to the odd hour they ordered or it could have just been a busy night.  Hotel Eateries = BLT Burger (highly recommend), Carnegie Deli (alright - good b/c its 24/7)  I would have liked to try more, but there just wasn't enough time Hotel Lounges/Club/Bars = Revolution (ladies free admission & open bar 10-12am), 1OAK (my group and I got in for free & were given 3 free drink tix each!), Rhumbar (sadly didn't get to enjoy, but walked past a few times - indoor and outdoor area w/ TV, heat lamps, and comfy looking patio furnitureThe Casino = Clean, open, and nice.  Didn't walk around much, but it seemed smaller than other casinos in LV.  Definitely not dirty.Check-out Process = Being that our TV wasn't able to turn on on our last morning there, I had to call to check out.  I already paid my fees in full when I checked in, so we were all good to go & it was completed on the spot. Side Notes:  About $20-25 ride from the McCarran Airport to The Mirage (TAXI), About $70 for a limo (to anywhere you want) - for us, it was to Encore at the Wynn (yes, a 2 minute ride... but hey, when the taxi lines are long, you have to opt for other means of transportation).Decent place, not too expensive (got a deal off Expedia - though I will say I though I booked in advance, I checked the prices the week of on the hotel's main website and prices were cheaper than what I had spent on the travel search engine - LAME, but oh well, better to be safe than sorry).  I wouldn't mind staying here again  :]
2	A nice hotel, rooms are nice.  However, if you want coffee in your room in the morning,you will have to go downstairs and pay $3.50 a cup.  There is a $20 a night amenities fee you pay even though you never used any of their facilities ie. workout room, etc.  If you eat there, the buffet is really good but is $24.95.  Nothing in Vegas is free anymore.  No bar shows, nothing. They have really tightened the belt so bring lots of money.I won't be staying at any of the big hotels again unless they change their policies.Hope this helps.
3	Summary: Nice hotel.  Beds not comfortable.  Using their Internet MAY be a security nightmare for your system.I was recently in LV for a trade show that was held at The Mirage.  This is a nice looking hotel with many of the amenities you'd expect from a "resort."  The layout is pleasant.  There's still smoke (for us non-smokers) but it's not as bad as we've experienced in some of the other casinos and hotels.  It is, unfortunately, too common for people to walk by or stand near the open restaurants while smoking.  Most unpleasant.One thing that I heard OVER and OVER on the trade show floor was how bad the beds were.  And, I sure can concur with that.  Don't expect to get a good night's sleep.  In fact, it seemed to be the general consensus that they want you out on the gambling floors, bars, restaurants, etc. rather than sleeping away in your rooms.  True or not, it's easy to believe.Rooms have wired Internet access rather than wireless.  That would tend to give you a bit more confidence that you can transact banking or other sensitive on-line transactions without the fear that you're going to have somebody picking up your computer's WIFI signal.   This may be the case.  HOWEVER...I did conduct an on-line transaction with my eTrade account while I was there and suddenly, eTrade has put a security hold on my account.  It seems that, since then, there's been a lot of suspicious activity on my account.  I'm being forced to change my user name, my password, and begin using a digital security ID in order to access my accounts, again.  It also appears that there's some way in which they were able to tell I accessed the account from a mobile computer device and that's what was compromised.   Truly, I have NO idea how they could possibly tell it was when I access the account using a mobile device but... that's their claim.  And, the only time I did access the account with the mobile device is during the time they said things started happening.  Guess just having Norton and hard line Internet connection isn't enough when you're trying to access a secure site in this hotel.I'd stay here again in a heartbeat if the beds were more comfortable AND if I felt my Internet connections were more secure.
2	First time at the Mirage and it was alot better than I thought it would be. The only real fault I found with this place were the food options were super limited. There wasn't a great variety and everything was way pricey. Planet Hollywood is still the better option in my opion. They have a ton of food/drink locations with comparable rooms at a nearly identical price. Mirage was good, but there are better on the strip.
4	Cheap(er) rooms, big, good service, clean and good location.My girlfriend and I tend to stay further south @ like the Vdara or the PH, but those places are usually 20% more in price. Also, the gambling / drinks in those places is more expensive. The good old volcano show every hour (photos attached) is always worth watching. Also, I won 150$ on the craps tables... So that was a plus! While gambling the drink girls are very quick and nice...If you wana live "the Vegas High Life" I am sure you can get a really nice room here, and if you wana do a family thing or with regular friends, this place is just fine!
5	I really loved staying here and would definitely stay again. The decor is so beautiful and I love being sound the plants and fish in the lobby. It's very swanky without feeling pretentious.  Their casino is enjoyable too. The beds are out of this world.  The heated pool during the winter is really nice, especially to take advantage of unseasonably warm days.  My only complaint is the doors on the rooms are so thin, you can hear a lot of noise in the hall.  I would recommend foam earplugs if you have any doubts. It's still not enough to keep me away from this hotel, especially since the location is outstanding.
4	I like the Mirage, the setup of the Casino is great. They also have a good new club called 1 Oak (formerly Jet). What's best is the Beatles Love show is here. They have an amazing stage setup for the show. While your on the strip you have to stop in.
3	Suite Deal - But Bring A Gas Mask.....Pros:    Good location.  Great..and inexpensive..upgrade to a suite.Cons:    The repulsive smell everywhere on the first floor.Suggestion:   If the $50 upgrade to a suite is available...grab it.  Eat elsewhere.    Ratings:-   Overall:     3-   Reception:    4-   Non-Smoking Suite:   5-   Casino:    0 ( and we like casinos! )-   Restaurants:   3-   Beatles Show:     5-   Shops:    2-   Accident:    3-   Atmosphere:   2The Mirage, sandwiched between Caesar's Palace and Treasure Island on the Strip, is a 10 minute ride from the airport by taxi and 20-30 minute ride by a popular mini-bus which stops at most of the major hotels.  The bus was less than $20 round trip, so that was chosen.  When departing for the airport, call them 24 hours in advance for pick-up. It was prompt and efficient...if not exactly luxurious.Reception -  Just inside to the right of the main entrance.  Surprised they only had 5 stations available for check in to accommodate a huge hotel, but at 1230 PM on a Thursday in February, the process took just 5 minutes.  Our reservation was for an "elevated Strip view room", so the attendant offered us a spot on the 24th floor ( there are 30 floors ).  Not bad.  Then she asked if we wanted an upgrade to a "suite" for $50 more per night. What's the difference?  A regular room is 400 square feet.  The suites were 1,200!  I quickly said "sign us up".  If available on your visit, grab it!Suite - On the 26th floor ( only non-smoking of 26-30 ).  Nice and open!  We had a wet bar with a sizeable living room containing a comfortable wraparound couch, cocktail table and wall unit with a 50 inch flat screen TV.  Next was a dining room with a large oval glass table and plenty of space for entertaining.  The bedroom had a queen mattress ( quite soft.  We've got a Sleep Number bed at home.  I'm a semi-firm "65".  This was a "35" ) and a pop-up 40 inch TV in sleek furniture at the base of the bed.  The bathroom was huge and included a spa-tub, shower, counter with dual sinks, walk-in closet, separate make-up desk and a "toilet room" with bidet ( which we never touched.  It was cute, but strange ).  If the Mirage added a kitchen, you could move in.  And the artwork was topnotch.Casino  - "They" say the air in casinos has improved.  From what?  From a dense fog of tear gas to a light haze of forest fire?  Imagine yourself in a small stall with a bad case of flatulence.  Now, instead of burnt beans you've got the taste of stale tobacco...everywhere.  Front entrance.  Reception. Restaurants.  There was no escape.  However, besides that sludge in the air, we found the casino to be surprisingly dark, grimy and sad.  Isn't it meant to be happy? Don't people spend more when they're optimistic - not squinting for light and searching for sanitary napkins as they gasp toward the exits?  But the worst part?  There's no way to reach the elevators to the rooms without taking a tortuous path through the casino.  It was hellish.Restaurants - We ate in 3 of the restaurants.  One of our 3 dinners in Las Vegas was at Kokomo's.  The choices were varied...food good...prices reasonable and service decent, but only a partition separated us from the smoke-filled bar.  Ever try fish dipped in ashes?  Maybe they should add it to the menu.Each of 3 breakfasts were at the Mirage.  The buffet had a wide sampling of okay food.  Good, but certainly not gourmet...though it was fine for $20.  Two sit down breakfasts were at BB King's.  I'd suggest the lox and bagel sandwich.  A quiet alternative, but the bill was higher for much less food of similar quality.  Fortunately, only a small amount of casino odor seeped past the front doors.Theater - Cirque D'Solei had a show built around music of the Beatles.  The music, performers and sets  were great.  It wasn't cheap, but worth the price of admission.Shops - Like all the major hotels, there are shops....but more like you'd find in a neighborhood mall rather than the unusual spaces found in similar priced hotels.  Yogurt at "Blizz' was too heavy and gloppy and double the price at chains in California like Yogurtland.Accident  -  My wife slipped and fell while walking over a bridge from reception toward the casino.  I filed a report and a security person took notes.  Good reaction time, but no follow-up like a flower.Overall, my stay was disappointing.  Our group partook in the favorite exercise of visitors to Vegas...walking into different hotels...and the comparison could not be more glaring.  Each place more special than the last.  Large reception areas.  An open atmosphere.  Big, bright and bold yet warm colorsI  Glamorous shops ( even just from the windows ).  Inviting casinos! Breathable air!  The Venetian!  Palazzo!  Aria!  Mandarin Oriental!  Wynn!!!Our previous visit in 2006 brought the exhilaration of the Bellagio.  It was great to be with friends, but the lasting impression of this trip was the need for a shower.
2	We recently stayed at The Mirage.  The room was ok.  Unlike a recent poster...the WI-FI was NOT free.  In addition, our television broke on our second night.  We called the front desk who said they would send a "repairman".  At approximately midnight there was a knock on the door from "maintenance".  In addition, after my shower I realized there was no hair dryer.  We were in a hurry so I had to leave with wet hair.When we check out we alerted the front desk to our issues.  The girls was very defensive - and did not appear to make any note of the broken television or lack of hair dryer.  So, if you book a room there, avoid room 10190!!!!The pool needs to have a better system of screening who enters the pool area.  Two  non-guests entered the pool area, changed there  clothes in the restroom and used the pool including the towels.  They had driven in for the day and meet others at the pool.  Not cool since we paid a fee on our hotel bill to use the pool ($15 access charge).
4	This was a great place to stay!We did a lot of research on our room, and decided that the Mirage would be the best plan for us.Check in was a breeze. I think that we came at the right time, because I saw some serious lines at other points in time. But ours took a total of five minutes.Our room was great. Just the right size, and with an incredible view of the strip. It was a bit of a hike to get out of there (especially in heels), but it was not a big deal.Our room was clean and the maids came in while we were out each day and did a great job. The beds were WONDERFUL. I haven't slept that well in a long time!I'd stay here again for sure.
3	We just got back from Vegas and stayed here.  I really should have researched this better.  We are a group of older adults who were looking to gamble, see the sights and drink some but we are not into drinking till we are smashed phase anymore.  We could hear all night the tons of drunk groups roaming the halls while we wanted to sleep  (4am or 5am) so we could get up early to travel to outside las vegas strip.  It was more geared toward people who are up till 5am and sleep until noon.  You'll love it if you are in that age range. The pool area: very, very crowded.  We were so jealous to tour other hotels and see people relaxing by the pool while at the Mirage you have to trapse through a mall to get to a pool where you are a sardine for the day with tons of hungover people some who are throwing up in garbage bags.They are not very attentive at the desk or just don't care.  I asked if we could be in the room next to our friends and they said sure our room is near theirs.  When we went to our rooms, even though the numbers were next together they were down the opposite corridor at the end.  We couldn't have been further apart. At that point I gave up.  They had a great view of the volcano and we had a great view of a parking lot.I wish some of thes sites had mentioned the best places to stay based on age.  I just looked at where it was located and if it was clean.So beware if you are not looking for a vacation with kids that are all your kids ages that you left at home.
3	Don't do the dolphin show unless you want to pay $30per to watch them.  No-show at all they were just swimming.  I can go to the zoo for that.  Lion and Tiger park Ok.  Sigfreed and Roy showed up which was better but normally they areNot there.
4	The rooms are GORGEOUS. We're staying in the normal room, but with a view of the strip. Free valet parking, and free internet! The beds are nice and soft and wonderful. The only thing I don't like is the long walk from the elevator to my room.
3	It is clean and looks good. The Venetian and MGM Grand are nicer though. The bathroom was tiny. The iHome clock was broken. The tram to TI was defunct. Bed was very good.  The shopping is ok.  The price of the room though made it worthwhile to stay.  WiFi and the Gym are expensive.
2	The lines for the shows were amazingly long and a real turn off.  This is a major hotel and entertainment venue and quite frankly they could do better.  There were many times while at The Mirage that it appeared they could use more staff and help.
4	Stayed here over the weekend and had a great experience.  Rooms were large and comfortable.  Nice bathroom products.  With our booking, we were supposed to receive a dining credit but the front desk person forgot and we never went to ask for it.  Good strip location.  I would definitely stay here again!
4	Great value and great location.  Centrally located on the Strip, across from the Venetian and next to Caesars (2 blocks from Bellagio).  The buffet is my favorite.  The rooms are very clean and well appointed.  The charge for wi-fi is included in the "resort fee" whic is tacked on to every room whether you like it or not.
4	Stayed at the Mirage for a business trip.  Room was adequate for what I need.  Restaurants were plenty, bathrooms are close-by and plenty of gaming options.Let's just say I slept an average 3 hours per day.  LOL
3	Our stay and rooms were perfect, the beds were soft, bathroom had plenty of towels almost everything was good.  The only complaint I have with this hotel was the walk to the elevators to access our room.  The one thing I fell in love with was the "complimentary valet" when you think about the $25 a day tourist fee it "ain't" free.  I never did receive my daily paper.We were here to see the Terry Fator show it did not let us down.
2	I only came here to see the Siegfried and Roy exhibit but as I was standing in line to buy my ticket someone leaving the exhibit unhappy said that there were only a few tigers out. I assume it was because of the high wind. I wonder if they were going to tell me that at the ticket office???
3	This is a pretty standard Las Vegas Strip hotel and like most Vegas hotels it's designed to relieve you of all your money regardless of whether you gamble or not. No coffee in the room and the fitness centre is $28 a day. I had no choice over the venue as I had to attend and speak at a trade show that was based there. The service was very good - most of the amenities worked well from the dry cleaning to the business centre. The only amenity that was a little flaky was the Wifi which is common in hotels, service comes and goes like your luck at Blackjack but at least it's included in the "resort fee".If you're looking to sleep in then forget it but if you're looking for an early morning Spanish lesson then it's the place to be! Housekeeping starts early, even at the weekend and from the sound of it the maid rallying point seemed to be outside my door. Personally the last thing I need on a Sunday morning after a night out is to be woken up by an over zealous maid who is hell bent on making up my room.I'd say this was a mid-range Vegas hotel, not the Cosmopolitan but certainly not the Excalibur. If I had a choice I'd stay elsewhere but as a whole it's not a bad venue.
4	Good:- Price- Rooms- Location- FacadeBad:- Lack of many newer slots- Can get crowded because of Cirque- No hairdryer in room
4	I thought this hotel was beautiful. We had excellent service and a great experience staying here. The rooms were extremely clean and we had a nice view of the city. I stayed with a group of girls & we were there with a group of guys as well. We had 2 rooms and the girls room had MANY mirrors! Which we had no problem utilizing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for friendly employees and really  nice rooms!
3	I chose Mirage based on a number of reasons for a three night to trip to celebrate my son's 21st birthday. The fact that it was a couple of guys spending little time in the room had a lot to do with it. We were good with average, but we did want resort level with all the options expected in a Vegas resort. Nail-on-the-head best describes the choice.We arrived on Saturday at about noon and checked in quickly from a line with only one young lady ahead of us. No surprises- the room provided was precisely what we had reserved. I'd been to The Mirage a couple of times before and it had been several years since my last visit. I depended heavily on recent reviews to set expectations about how she had aged. She's taken quite good care of herself. I've based at the full spectrum of Vegas properties and covered the top (Four Seasons) to bottom (Imperial Palace), so I have a balanced perspective. The Mirage is an outstanding value and offers an experience that cannot be easily criticized when kept in perspective. So The Mirage can be forgiven for a lot of things if one is careful about fitting it into one's standards. We had a strip/volcano view and frankly watching the volcano from street level is the only way to do so. I loved the open window option but it was obvious that their windows have not been cleaned in years- possibly never. Sadly, the crud is so thick it is probably impenetrable anyway.I appreciated the room redesign since my last visit and remain slightly disappointed in the bathroom size in the level of room that we selected. But really, two guys don't need a luxurious and oversized bathroom, so it was fine.We both felt comfortable with all the public areas including the most important part for a Vegas property- the casino. Everything was clean and tidy. For a first timer, by the end of the trip my son preferred The Mirage Casino to the others that we visited. I've always been comfortable playing there, though I do have other preferences. With the exception of places like Wynn, Bellagio and Aria the smoke factor doesn't differ much from one to another so I won't knock The Mirage and they will probably never go smoke-free. With one exception, the dealers were friendly, personable, helpful and tolerant. They were not generous- consistent with all Vegas casinos. We only ate at the buffet twice and weren't impressed, except for the fact that our Sunday breakfast included a whole lot more than our Monday experience. We didn't visit any other restaurants during our stay. I did start my morning walks with a stop at The Roasted Bean a few steps off the elevator. I didn't get his name, but there was a young man at The Bean that was especially helpful and friendly. I mention this because that style of greeting and care are sadly becoming the exception. Even though most of the reviews clearly describe the resort fee, it surprises me that some are still shocked and annoyed at it so be prepared. You really get nothing for it. The wifi is the only tangible thing that you can make any use of and we didn't because my iPhone hot-spot provided a better connection. So to me it was worthless.We saw one show. Daniel Tosh is one of the features of The Aces of Comedy series. He's caustic and nothing is exempt. I never stopped laughing. The Terry Fator Theater is a great place to watch the show. I've seen The Beatles' Love during a past visit and would recommend it as one of the (my) top five Cirque shows.Again, The Mirage has its place in the full spectrum of properties in Vegas and unless the purpose of your visit or your preference of luxury dictate otherwise, there would be very little reason to avoid a stay at The Mirage.
3	Stayed here dring March Madness weekend, which also happened to coincide with St. Patrick's Day.  Needless to say, the place was packed, as well as the entire Strip area all weekend.  Mirage is a beautiful hotel, with a lovely entrance walkway through waterfalls and plantation.  Our nicely appointed room had two queen beds, exceptionally comfortable.  Great views of the Strip.  Air conditioning setting was perfect during the entire stay, at least for me.  Bathroom was kind of small, but it did the job.  Decent water pressure in shower. Mirage has plenty of places to eat and drink.  However, if you have the late-night munchies, you will need to look elsewhere. I was hoping for something like an oyster bar for some great soup and such.  But not here.  Went to the club 1 Oak, FKA Jet.  Will review the club on another post, but it wasn't bad.Valet parking was somewhat slow and the taxi line was forever. But the valets seemed to be working hard.The sportsbook was wild, which was a great place to be during March Madness.  But unless you got there extremely early or had reservations, you ended up standing watching the games.  It's a great sportsbook, though not nearly as great as the Lagasse Stadium at Wynn.The Mirage is a beautiful place, even if you suck at gambling like I do.  But I have been here many times and plan on returning.
5	SO much fun training dolphins for a day. Absolute favorite thing we did in Las Vegas. The employees are so great. If you are 13 or over, and love animals, this is a MUST DO.
4	There's a few things about The Mirage, but overall I really enjoyed my stay here.I was here for 2 nights, a Sunday and Monday, with my mom and sister. We requested a non-smoking room but had concerns about the smell anyway, since smoking is still allowed in the casino. For $20/night, we were able to upgrade to an "executive" room that wasn't a whole lot bigger than a standard, but definitely worth it. It was clean and smelled just fine (good in fact) and had a really nice bathroom with a walk in shower and jacuzzi bath tub.The casino is a little meh. It seems oddly outdated and it's very, very smoky. Just walking through it, the smell of cigarette smoke is a little overpowering.Overall, The Mirage is a nice choice for a stay in Vegas, particularly for it's central location on the strip. Make sure to see Beatles Love while you're here!
4	The Mirage is a fun and layered casino who's layout and access on the strip isn't annoying. There are several outdoor lounges and international themed bars. There is also a HUGE fishtank by Bank nightclub which is special. I can't review the lodging or shows yet, just the hang-out entertainment factor. Pretty pretty good!
5	I love Mirage and the Mirage loves me. It is my go to hotel when staying in Vegas. If I could move in I would that's how much I love it here. Best restaurants on the strip, fantastic pool, great rooms, never tire of the Volcano show and as for the overall beauty and grounds can't be beat. Sure you can break the bank and stay at the big shot strip hotels but Mirage never disappoints or lets me down. Don't worry Mirage I'll be back in another couple of months to see ya.
3	Not to much to say but I agree with with Nutfish and they dont comp your drinks anymore.
4	I have stayed here both with my girls and with my lover's family, and both times I have not been disappointed. The beds are ridiculous amounts of comfy, the iHome dock is greatly appreciated and there are enough mirrors and electrical outlets for four girls to share when getting ready. ALL great. :) Check-in for the group of 16 of us took maybe 20 minutes, but with a bar right next to the front desk we didn't mind too much. The TV in our room wouldn't turn on and when we called for someone to come check it out, I expected it to be a couple hours... not the ten minutes it actually was. Score for quick response time (and of course, for getting the TV to turn on).Ample number of both fancier and more lowkey restaurants along with a couple lounges and the new 1OAK meant there was something for all of us. I do have to say, my favorite place during my most recent trip... the pool! Sadly, I didn't get a chance to peek in at Bare... maybe next time. I was happy with the normal pool for all I was looking for... sun, warmth, a little music and a huge adult slushie. Mission accomplished, thank you Mirage.Mirage, you have my mark and I would be happy to stay with you in the future.
4	The Mirage is fabulous choice if you're looking for a place to stay in Vegas. Checking in was pretty effortless, plus we got a $65 voucher towards food and drinks. Our voucher went towards the strong, alcoholic drinks, which were a little pricey, so the voucher was much greatly appreciated. :)Our room was very nice, great view of the pool and the strip, and had great little touches, like an iHome dock, plenty of outlets, and an actual hairdryer -- not like the wimpy ones you usually get stuck using. Cleaning staff did a great job, too. The casino is easy to navigate, unlike a few others in Vegas. The pool is great, but you need to get up and out there early to save seats because it fills up fast. The city itself is expensive, so if you've been there before you're already signed up for that, if its your first time, plan accordingly...or just hope for the best at the slots. Taxis cost a small fortune depending on where you're going, but thankfully The Mirage is located on an intersection,with a traffic light, so you can get in and out quickly. At other hotels, without the lights, your fare can get to $5-10 just waiting to get on to Las Vegas Blvd.As for the night life at Mirage, its actually pretty pretty good. Ink Bar was always packed, Rhumbar has great outdoor seating, and the bar right off the casino was really convenient and had stiff drinks. If you want to save some money on booze, there's a Walgreens across the street so stock up there for drinks before going out. Also, if you're looking to take in a Vegasie show, The Mirage is home to the Beatles/Cirque LOVE show. Personally, I'm not a die hard fan of either, but this show is phenomenal. I was totally blown away by it and would recommend anyone check it out if you're interested. Absolutely worth it.
5	Across the street from the widely acclaimed Venetian Hotel, I definitely prefer The Mirage. The inside is like a rainforest. They even have a real tiger behind the pool area, but there's an entrance fee to see it which I didn't do. The pool is STUNNINGLY amazing. Went there to soak up some sun. The water's aqua blue with mini waterfalls and an overpass for people to walk across. It's not in your typical round or rectangle shape. I couldn't see the overview of the pool, but it looked like a giant "M" or "S" (perhaps I'm totally off LOL). LOVE this hotel!!
3	I stayed here for a work meeting and found the rooms very nice. The food choices were good (pricey but what do you expect it's the strip) and the ambiance was great.The things that turned me off was for the 3 days I was there not one free cocktail was offered, the guy at the check in desk dinged my card for 2 hundred even though the stay was already on the company card (it should be refunded soon), there didn't seem to be many choices to eat if you were up before 7am.All in all the place was OK, I would probably stay here again.
5	Thank you Mirage for being overbooked this week, as a result I got to enjoy a lovely penthouse suite. Words cannot express how grateful I am as this room was SO great! Very updated, spotless clean, most comfortable bed I have ever slept in (if I could ship one of these to my apartment, I would), MASSIVE, amazing, etc. Got a great deal on Priceline as it was a weekday stay. In addition to my room luck, this hotel has sooo many great bars, restaurants, shops, and gambling to choose from. It's very modern and has a very fun environment. The pool, surrounded by palm trees, is a gorgeous sight as well. One of the most fun casinos I've stayed in on the strip and best bang for your buck (even without the penthouse!). I was here on business but I hope to come back and stay here for pleasure!
4	I stayed at The Mirage Hotel in Vegas with a group of 4 girls.  It's not a fancy hotel, but I loved it anyway.The check in girl was about 22 to 25 years old and didn't smile once. She seemed grumpy, but we brushed it off. We're in Vegas!!We asked for a conjoining room and it was available. This definitely made things more fun as we kept the doors between the 2 rooms opened at all times. It felt like a huge room. The beds were extremely comfortable and the place was clean. The bathroom was a little small and I wished the mirror / counter areas were bigger.We left a note and a huge tip to the housekeeping staff to change the sheets of one of our beds, but she didn't... however, she took the tip anyway.There is also a resort fee that is on top of your charges. You don't get much. Basically, it includes a daily newspaper, which isn't even delivered to your room, business center and use of the fitness room. They used to have 2 bottles of water per day given to you as well, but they took that away. Come on, it doesn't cost much...Now the pool was the absolute best part! It was a Polynesian themed pool with a lot of loungers and space for swimming. We didn't feel crowded and dispite all the reviews mentioning that the water was too cold, we thought it was perfect. My only regret was that we had time to relax at the pool for a measley 3 hours during our whole trip. The Bare Lounge, which was the dayclub / pool area for VIP's or people who wanted to pay extra for a party atmosphere was pretentious and filled with slimey men. We got in for free, but we didn't enjoy ourselves. If it's your thing, then go for it. Lots of alcohol, music and 50 Cent was suppose to stop by. For me, I rather have fun in the general area.The location is excellent and located right in the middle of the strip. You will be close to everything within walking distance and if not, a cab ride won't break the bank.Location and pool = good.Service and taking away water bottles in resort fee = lame.Overall we had a fantastic time.
4	My friend was staying here while she visited so we decided to take advantage and hit the pool Easter Sunday since it was 80.  There was definitely a lot of other people that had the same idea. Being pretty croweded we were still able to find an area with four chairs.  Friend, hubby didn't get in the pool. (way to cold especially since its suppose to be heated.) but the kids did and had a blast playing around.  The pool bar was easy to get to for us grown up and the drink cost wasn't too bad. Moving on to her room. It was really nice for what she paid for it. (Free :) ) I really wanted to take the bed comforter home with me it was so warm and comfy. :)Overall its a beautful hotel.
3	I hate resort fees so I will never stay here again unless I get that AAA option of "Hey, look at that, no resort fees when you stay this time!!"The Mirage is an okay hotel, nothing too incredibly special about it besides it is in the midst of all the fun on the strip (next to Bellagio, across from the Venetian/Palazzo and Paris...)They have a blues bar in there that is pretty fun and has some great happy hour deals (2 for 1 you say, and the 1 is reasonably priced? ALRIGHT!)In all honesty, I would never choose to stay here again.And that is that.
5	What more can you want?  I've stayed at the Luxor, MGM Grand and (I can't think right now what it was - some suites a bit off strip).  The Mirage will be my "go to" from now on.  Great sized room for a general suite.  Lots of room to move around, lots of drawers and dressers.  A nice big chair to lounge in.  Flat screen.  A desk with two chairs.  Big comfy king-sized bed.  The location was much better than down at the South End of the strip (Luxor) and the mid (MGM).  With the Venetian directly across, Ceasar's and Bellagio nearby.  For cheap gambling O'Shea's was just in reach too.  I play poker and really feel comfortable in this poker room compared to some others around town.  We ate at Cravings, Japanais and BLT burger and had great food at each one.  From the bag handlers to check in/out to MLife desk support to the concierge, everyone was very helpful and nice.  Great experience all together.Update:  Now that I've been to 4 different MLife hotels (Luxor, MGM Grand, Aria and Mirage), I can clearly say that the Mirage wins the all-around favorite.
2	Absolutely average average averageSmall motel rooms, small motel bathrooms, small motel tub/shower with 5'6" shower headsThey throw a $25. "resort fee" on top of the room price. Why not just charge $25. more for your room? Buy your $200. Cirque du Soleil tickets online and have the pleasure of the hotel forcing you to wait for 30 minutes in a jammed line to actually get your tickets21st century and idiots are paying $200./ticket then waiting in line again to get the tickets. RidiculousOn an up note, Cirque du Soleil, The Beatles, Love is a really wonderful show. Probably the best in Las Vegas now. Too bad The Mirage treats its ticket holders so poorly.Stay anywhere else but see Love if you see any show at all. Well worth it
3	I really like this casino.  It's bright and open, minimal smoke, decorated nicely- the only reason I don't "love" it is because it doesn't really have that return appeal for a local or frequent tourist.Don't get me wrong, I've been here numerous times.  I just never think of the Mirage first when I'm off playing tourist for a day.  The restaurants are all pretty spendy, there aren't too many stores to shop at, there aren't any bars I would want to go to for a drink.....to me, it's really just a nice casino.Now if it is your first or second time in Vegas, definitely make a stop here and check out the atrium, put a couple bucks in the slots, or have a nice dinner.  Very close to Treasure Island, Venetian, and Harrah's.
1	I was set to go back to Vegas for an April 2013 convention.  When I was last at the Mirage I had mis-placed a gaming voucher for $157.65 so I could not cash it in.  I found it a few weeks later at the bottom of one of my bags.  I thought, no big deal, I will just head over next April and do some gambling with it, kind of like found money.  Well, it turns out the Mirage Gaming Vouchers are void after 180 days.  This means they just took my $157.65, stole it essentially.  If you have a poker chip from a casino, it is good for years.  Its an IOU and theirs have a shelf life.  I never agreed to take an IOU from them with a 6 month shelf life.  Consider this business practice when deciding if you want to stay or gamble here.  The same people who decided to have their IOU's expire after 6 months also program the gambling equipment.  Think they play fair with that?  If they want to make it right, I will take this review down.  If it is still up, well they have seen it and just dont really care.  Just beware, if you do end up at this place if you somehow dont lose all of your money make sure you do not walk out with them owing you any.  They will default in 6 months.Here is my hotel review.  As you can see there is a theme.  Gaming vouchers is just the first scam they play.  Pros:-Decent rooms and good location on the strip.  -The casino was not very smokey.-Buffet was pretty good, reasonably priced compared to other options there.Cons:-Television did not work in our room, they said they were going to send someone up who never came.-Room keys stop working regularly, its a long walk to the front desk when this happens.  I know about de-magnetizing the strip, sorry, these keys fail much easier than any other hotel I have ever been to.  And its a real pain when they do.  I think they may do it deliberately so you have to keep walking through their casino.-Someone put their used room service outside our door and they had a glass of vinegar which smelled up the whole hallway.  It was awful, we eventually moved it 10' away and it sat there the most of the day.  Maids walked right by it.  -We exhibited at a convention there.  The only access they allow to their convention center is through the hotel, casino, the shops, then down long hallways until you arrive.They do not let you drive up by the convention center and unload.  Picture rolling a large cart with boxes, chairs, etc through a crowded casino, hotel lobby, etc.  Its a 10 minute walk.  Absoultely ridiculous.  -Need to cash in your ticket in the casino?  2 cashiers is all they had, we had to wait in line 20 minutes to cash in out tickets.  -Looking for something to eat?  Restaurant prices are out of this world.  $29 hamburger at Stax.  There is another burger place, $12 for a basic one and up, but we had dinner there and for 3 people w/ 3 burgers and 4 drinks total, it cost us $72.  But thats Vegas.  -8.00 beers.They appear to really make every effort to make you go through their casino without regard to any inconvenience it may cause you.  Key does not work?  Back through the casino.  TV stopped working? Guess you should go gamble.  Need to set up for a show?  Haul it all through the casino.  The casinos across the street pay out much better from what we were told and noticed they had $1.00 beer specials.  If you stay at the MIrage, we suggest you get out of there for gambling and food.  Probably best every time you walk by the front desk you ask for a new room key just so you dont do the 15 minute hike to your room only to find it failed again.
3	Hot April day in Las Vegas, 90's.  Spending the day at the main Mirage pool to start  the celebration of daughter's 21st.  Can I please have a beer or cup of ice water ?  Pool service lacking.  Understaffed and the servers spend their time focused on the loud folks on the edge of the pool vs. us in the chairs.  Spent alot of time standing in line at the walk-up bar.  Nice use of vacation time, ya think ?Rooms are more than adequate, restaurants are good.  Gambling sucks only cuz I lost last nite !  Hire a few more servers at the pool and I would rate 4 stars.
3	My stay at Mirage was good as an overall experience. I've never stayed at Mirage and was expecting it to be on the same line as Bally's. They have a poker room that runs smaller games, 1-2 no limit and 2-5 games, as well as 3-6, but it was surprisingly empty at almost all hours. The rooms was what I expected, but my biggest complaint was that it was extremely noisy. You can hear conversations in the hallway from the inside of your room and then your neighbors's doors slam shut, it wakes you up. The dining selection was also quite limited. There's a deli that's way overpriced, a burger joint that was decent, and California Pizza Kitchen, which has really good service. It's also a short walk to the Caesar's forum shops which was also very nice. It's also just across the street from the Venetian.My favorite part of the hotel is when you drive in, the palm trees really gives you a feeling like you're arriving at an oasis.
3	This is our third complimentary stay here at Mirage. I called them up 3 hours prior to our arrival and got booked using our Players Club membership. Yayy! I was so happy because Palazzo is sold out, Venetian has only their deluxe suites that's gonna cost us $300+ even using Grazie, Mandalay, Aria and Vdara are sold out too...so I'm happy Mirage is adopting us for the night...:)Checking-in was a breeze...had to pass by their clubs so aside from their giant saltwater aquarium and regal flower arrangements, the glittery girls were all a feast for the eyes...:) At the reception, they said we lucked out coz this is their last available room...I sort of believe that after I've scouted available rooms in my favorite hotels.We had to pass by the gambling area going to the elevators...eew smokes!! (Why I love Vdara coz they have no casinos) We also passed by Revolution Lounge...gay-friendly night on Sundays there! (Gay events are just so much fun and feels safe knowing nobody will  try to hit on you) We stayed in 12056...when we stepped inside,  it smelled like cigarette, but not too strong, this is a No Smoking room, so some of the guests must have violated that rule. It was a good amount of space in the room with two queen beds. Beddings were soft and fluffy, comfy! Setbacks were, not having complimentary coffee in the room and no robes. View from our room was ok, I've had better from the higher floors. We had complimentary wifi connection and that surprised me coz normally in other hotels that's another cost. Phones had icon buttons for the services you need, but when I tried to use the Housekeeping button it connected me to another room...uh-oh. The best way to get service if you need any is to push "0" for the concierge. There are several restaurants that I have yet to try and I haven't been to their pool area as well...sooo many things to do, so little time..:) In our previous stays, we went to see their Dolphin and Tiger habitat and the kids really enjoyed them.I can't give reviews on Casinos coz I don't play..:)I wouldn't mind coming back to Mirage again
5	I am in Vegas - ALL THE TIME - between working there about 2 mos each year to 4-5 weekend trips a year I believe I have stayed at every hotel on the strip except Trump. I have to say that when it is on my own dime I nearly always choose The Mirage. The rooms are great, nicely decorated, clean, comfy. Location is perfect as you are across from the Venetian/Palazzo, and still easily walkable if you want to Wynn, Caesers, Bellagio, and City Center if you really want to.The restaurants are great - particularly Japonais, but there could be a few more lunch options.I really really really like the pool. While they don't have a "party pool" (Wet Republic, Marquee Dayclub, etc) it definitely has a fun atmosphere and lots of chairs for relaxing.On value alone would be a 5, but had to knock it to a 4 as of course there are other hotels that just offer more opulence (Wynn, etc), but all in all I think it is the best value and you can't go wrong with The Mirage.
3	We had a decent time here, the room/view was very nice for the most basic room. When we arrived, they told us they didn't have a King room available but only one with 2 doubles, which we took instead of waiting 3 hours for the other room. It was also my birthday, and I've heard about them upgrading rooms for special occasions, but they didn't do anything for us.I must say, the beds here are super cozy. Everything else was good, we spent quite a bit of time in the casino and at several restaurants and enjoyed everything. The pool area is good, but very busy and find to hard a seat on the weekends. After we left, however, we noticed that our SonicCare was missing! So I called to ask housekeeping lost-and-found but they said it wasn't there. Confused, I kept looking through my luggage. Never found it, so I called them back and filed a complaint. I hope they can do their best to recover it, or at least inquire the maid about it, because this is all very suspicious. In the meantime, I give them 3 stars for being an overall good place to sleep.
4	Love it
5	Love this casino. Very clean. Our Non-smoking room didn't smell like smoke like the other places i have stayed. A lot of hotels on the strip are dated. This one is very modern an more my style. The decor is crazy. Rooms were nice, clean and roomy. Great view of the strip. Good nightlife here. Food is great. Carnegie deli/resturant is a must! Will stay here again!
4	I just recently stayed at The Mirage for the first time last week for a medical conference, I have to say that I was very impressed by the accomodations and staff.  First off, in regards to the accomodations, I stayed in their basic room at it was great! Elegantly decorated, comfortable bed/sheets, large flat screen LCD television, good size bathroom, and cool views of strip.Now to the downstairs, many people might not be interested in the review of the convention center, but for completeness let me say that the facilities and staff did a phenomenal job with the multi-day event.The casino is cool with a good layout including reasonable $5 blackjack tables, fun/lively craps tables, and a cool poker room.  Restaurants are great!!  I definitely recommend Stack for a fancier/pricier spot with great American cuisine with a cool ambience and awesome decor.  Also, BLT is a must try as they have a spectacular array of signature burgers and choice of brew.Across the street from Venetian and not a bad walk to Caesars and City Center.If you're in the mood for good nightlife, 1 OAK is a pretty fun spot with an epic sound system and nice group of people...can get a bit crowded though.Enjoy!!
5	This is my favorite place on the Vegas Strip. Centrally located, lots a fish and aquatic Polynesian theme .Easy to find different parts of it, not like some of these places that go on and on forever.
3	I wasn't wowed and the stay definitely wasn't horrible.  The biggest complaint I have is the sound barrier.  I heard everything from the next room to the hallway.  While I found it amusing to hear the lovely noises going on around me its extremely frustrating for a light sleeper.  Asides from that their amenities were ok.  bathroom was nothing to boast about.  The bed was clean  (its a bed)Their buffet was decent and had a variety of food.  (awesome dessert bar).Overall it was just a so so experience.  I'd have gladly paid an addtional $300 to stay at the venitian.
2	The greatest component of this hotel is something that is taken for granted while cruising the strip on foot. The air conditioning. It's truly amazing. I mean, we had never been to this hotel and wanted to check it out to say we've been to all the big casinos/hotels on the strip. Their greatest asset? A/C. We had been walking for what felt like an hour, in the heat, uphill both ways! When we opened the doors to enter the casino, the A/C hit us like a fat kid hits the taco truck! it was bliss. Right when we walk in the door, wearing shorts, t shirts and flip flops, we start to walk past the "club" they have there. Dude in a suit is so hard up for guests at said club he's like "Will you two be joining us tonight at club Mario Barth?" Let's dissect this for a moment, shall we. If it's a real club, you can't even wait in line with shorts and flips on, let alone get in the bitch! Second, who the hell is Mario Barth?? Need I continue here?No joke, this casino sucks! we spent about an hour cruising around, waiting for it to get good or get almost good but it's tired, it's old and it's just meh. Meh is something you settle for in Reno or Tahoe, not Vegas!!!!My words of advice. Don't bother.
3	There is a funking smell in the casino and I don't like that. Sigh They need a better air system.
4	I really liked our room at the Mirage when we went to Las Vegas a few weeks ago.  However, I couldn't tell you too much about the place, because besides being in the room, we were hardly there.  The Mirage does not do as good of a job of promoting what cool things that they have within their hotel as other places in Vegas that I have stayed at.  I have felt almost overwhelmed by the self promotion of other hotels on the strip, but the Mirage didn't seem to do any of that.  For example, someone asked me the week after I returned home if I had seen the zoo at the Mirage (because they know that I am an animal lover).  I was like "what, there is a zoo!  I didn't know!".  I felt like the Mirage was a great place to stay at, but we went elsewhere to find things to do while we were here because we were unaware of what was at our own hotel.The room itself was perfect.  We got a great view of the strip because one of the people that I was rooming with said it was their birthday.  They also had free WiFi in the hotel, which always comes in handy for me when I am away from home.I did get the chance to check out a couple of the places on the main floor of the Mirage.  I noticed them both in the lobby as we were walking out of the hotel, which was pretty much all I saw of the place.  Here are my reviews of my other experiences at the Mirage during my stay, which were both good and bad: - Rhumbar: http://www.yelp.com/biz/rhumbar-las-vegas#hrid:n1X4lrDl17Cyx4QWQ0LxZw- Carnegie Deli: http://www.yelp.com/biz/carnegie-delicatessen-and-restaurant-las-vegas#hrid:fwZCcZwwIOXLgZER00oTrA
2	It's over and I'm not going to miss you Mirage. This was my fifth and final stay. There are just too many resorts on the strip begging for business that will provide better service for their customers.I expect toilet paper, soap, a shower with a functional drain and a working iron when I check into a room at a strip resort. I didn't get that this time at the Mirage. Not only did the iron leak brown fluid all over my shirt, the ironing board was all bent up as if it had been in a fight.Anyone can have a bad day so I called housekeeping and was assured someone would be right up to make things right. Six hours later I still had no toilet paper, no soap, a clogged drain, a leaking iron and wobbly ironing board. Riding the elevator down to the casino just to use the restrooms is not fun."I'm sorry we didn't meet your expectations" isn't enough. Apologies from management are like youknowwhats; everyone has one. Why bother thanking me for bringing the issues to your attention? I shouldn't be doing your job. No discount for my troubles? No upgrade? See ya!The Mirage has changed. It is now like the once beautiful stripper who is still working on her feet. She has aged. Get past the palm trees, the flowers and volcano and she has ten times the pancake on her face and is now slingng plates at Denny's.
4	I am a Vegas Vet and have stayed just about everywhere, and I have to say I dig the Mirage.  It's an oldie but goodie.  All rooms have been recently renovated with earthy colors and flat screens.  No floor to ceiling windows here, but they do crack open.  (just an odd observation)  Top things to do if you stay here: go see LOVE & go to the pool.  The pool grounds are amazing and the pool itself is gigantic.  My only gripe is that hotel guests cannot rent cabanas.  They are reserved for high rollers. Oh and get there early (like when the doors open) if you want a good spot with 2 chairs together.  Otherwise you have to scope out people who are ready to leave and run before someone else gets there before you.  Overall the Mirage is super comfy, in a great location, and reasonably priced.
3	It was my first time in Vegas, so everyone told me to book a hotel in the middle of the strip. The Mirage was accessible to everything (other hotels/casinos, bus, taxis). There is also a free monorail train to Treasure Island from right outside the Mirage.We checked in early, at noon and were told our room wasn't ready yet, however they could upgrade us to a bigger suite for $30 extra a night. As I knew I would also have to pay the $25/day resort fee, I was reluctant to pay extra. That would have been an extra $55 a day, which adds up quickly in Vegas. We declined the upgrade and were told to check back at the desk in 2 to 3 hours time.We checked in our bags and wandered around the strip, arriving back at 4pm to pick up our keys. There was a massive group of people at the front desk, with no real order of line up. It was all a bit chaotic.  A guest behind us was complaining to a manager that his bathroom floor was flooded and the engineer was already up there fixing it, but he wanted to change to a different room. Finally, I got up to an attendant and got our key cards. I guess b/c we had declined to pay our $30 extra, the front desk woman had put us on the 14th floor with a room the farthest away you could get from the elevators. Upon looking out the window, we had a back of the building view of the roof and the traffic congested highway. We really didn't care about the view, as we weren't there for the room. Overall, our room was quiet/nice/standard, however a few things stood out to me. When you walked through the front door, you could smell a musk of mould. The fan in the bathroom sounded like it was working, but boy, was it steamy every time we had a shower. With no ventilation you have to wait at least 20 minutes till you can go back in to put on makeup. The nozzle in the bathtub didn't lift up enough and every shower was like having a leg bath. The only other problem was at check-out. We had taken out bottles from the mini bar so we could put in our own beer we had purchased. Apparently, the fridge is computerized and can feel the weight of something being removed. There was a bunch of stuff on our bill from the mini bar. We called front desk, explained and they removed it right away so we could check out.
4	The pros:- Great central location.  - The rooms are quite nice - comfortable beds, cool decor, good water pressure in the shower, etc.  - The pool area was very pretty with palm trees and such, as was the jungley solarium filled with fresh flowers.  - The concierge was great - got us dinner reservations for places both in and out of the hotel, as well as free VIP passes to the clubs.- We went to Revolution on Saturday night.  It was fun!  Good music, plenty of people in there, but wasn't so packed you couldn't move.  We didn't try 1 Oak - since it was a holiday weekend, the line to get in looked especially long.  Plus, it looked like a real meat market, which wasn't entirely necessary for us with since I was there with my husband and another couple.The cons:- SMOKEY casino.  I was suprised for such an expensive hotel there wasn't a better ventilation system.- All of the on-property restaurant options were fairly expensive.  There was no food court like many other properties.  Everything we ate ranged from good to excellent, but it was all fairly pricey.  Check out my reviews on Onda, Japonais, Carnegie and BLT Burger.- It's a big hotel, so there are LOTS of people staying there.  The pool area was just crammed full, with the chaise lounges literally right next to each other.  You just don't have a place to put your $20 pool cocktail down!  But the waitstaff was great out there.- No cheap tables, but you can walk across the street to find $3 craps and blackjack.So, all in all, I'd stay there again.
4	From a gambling student's perspective, this place is awesomely awesome. I went to the Mirage to gamble away the last $30 in my pocket. Do you know how long that lasted me? 6 hours. Where else can you play for 6 hours on 30 dollars? No where! I wasn't even playing slots.. I played Pai Gow. So that's my suggestion: bring $30, a sense of urgent desperation, and grab yourself a seat at the Pai Gow tables. SO FUN! P.S. Gambling runs in my blood
4	I went to vegas for a bachelor party.  My room was not too big but not too small with a view looking towards trump tower.  All of the usual services were excellent and it was nice.I spent most of my time in the hotel gambling, like you do, and it was a lot of fun.  They have all the games I like (blackjack, paigow, war) and the dealers were among the most engaging I encountered on the strip.All in all it was awesome.
3	I seriously thought that this hotel would be good well not really first of all the room that we got smells horrible. Smells like a super glue I dont know what it was anyway i didnt mind for a while because we got the strip view so we just opened the window and besides we were out the whole time, then I just didnt like the small bathroom I just thought for an expensive hotel the bathroom will be a little bit more bigger. Also, I guess because its one of the oldest hotel my goodness the AC doesnt even get cold and it rattles so much can't sleep its too annoying. Anyway, the bars was nice though and the pool was pretty good as well, but I don't think I'm coming back maybe if they renovate the room to be a little legit :-/
4	I love the mirage. We were totally hooked up by the check-in folks. Gorgeous view, nice room, and complimentary champagne. The rooms are clean, good restaurants, nice clean pool area,  and slots that I like. Overall, great experience we will be back for sure.
4	For a gal in her twenties, Mirage has never been on my radar for a Vegas hotspot. However, a couple of years ago I discovered this place and have been dying to stay, especially since they have remodeled all the rooms. I seriously love this hotel. I like it better than many newer, bigger, more expensive and higher rated ones on the strip. It is a vacay within a vacay. It's a casual venue which is why I love it. The tropical theme going on is exactly what I needed to fool myself that I was in an oasis. The hotel is very clean, and has amazing pools. This place has everything to make me happy from their shops, pools, bars and food. The lobby is stunning with a huge fish tank at the registration desk. Not to mention the beautiful indoor waterfalls and tropical plants.Unfortunately this place apparently attracts kids somehow too. It must be the onsite dolphin attraction. Ughhhh, get them out of here already (kids not dolphins)! It's obviously not the hotel's fault but it kills my mood by 1 star.
1	First and last time I will ever stay in this hotel.  Service sucks beyond anything I've ever experienced.  I'd give a zero if I could.After 6.5 hours of waiting on check in availability - I wanted to provide some feedback on the horrendous service I received.   I arrived at 8 am and nobody was in the check in area to advise me on anything .   There was NOBODY in the check in lobby area to tell me whether I could check in or not.   I had to go to the Concierge Desk to ask for assistance and I also flagged someone on the Check Out counter after 20 minutes waiting only to be told Computers are down.  Ok fine.  When can I check in?  I was told - expect 11 am.  I also had an urgent business concall that required internet access.  I tried to access the wifi network only to see that I needed a room number.  I have reservations here for FOUR nights, but I can't access wifi because I needed a room number.  I don't have a room number because I can't check in!  And nobody could help me even though I asked both the Concierge and the Lobby Counter for assistance on my situation. Next - I went back at 11 am, 12 pm, 1 pm to see if checkin was finally available.   A person called Kim took down my cell number and promised to call my cell immediately when checkins became available.  Finally after another 90 minutes of waiting at 2:30 pm - I went to the  Check in Counter, waited in line again, and finally got someone at the counter who said Yes - I could check in.  I asked when the room became available and they said an hour ago.  NOBODY called me when I was promised I would be notified on my cell immediately when a room became available.  By that time, I've been waiting for 6.5 hours just to get a room in this place.   I understand systems can go down, but when your staff promises a phone call after I've been waiting for 6.5 hours to notify me of check in availability, they need to deliver on that promise.    Waiting since 8 am just to get a room is horrendous.   Being a frequent traveler going to hotels around the world at different times of the day, this was certainly the worst service I've ever received.I will never stay in Mirage again - whether for company business trips or personal.
4	I have visited The Mirage a few times, but my last visit was for a convention. The staff is very helpful and friendly and the convention area is huge! Perfect setup for any convention. I love how there is a bathroom on every corner.  (A small yet important factor).Unless they renovated in the last couple years, the rooms are not anything spectacular. And for Vegas, you can get much better for less.
3	Came to Mirage for Revolution Sundays with a couple of friends.  I'm not really crazy about the casino itself.  Came here before to watch Beatles Love and also for Revolution, Bare pool and Jet Nightclub, however, have not had the chance to stay here.  I do enjoy the atrium-type area in the front of the casino.  Just proves the fantasy-reality that Vegas does so well!All in all, this place is OK. I will say that it's in a prime location on the strip.  Always busy around that area, however, my rating has a comparison of other casinos on the strip.  Unfortunately, it's hard for me to distinguish Mirage by itself, especially in a town where casinos erect every 5 minutes.
5	Great location, decent prices and great customer service. I stay here all the time. Nothing extremely fancy, it's just right!
4	My wife and I are budget-hotel people.  We've staged at the Excalibur and Tropicana in the past, and although they were expectedly disappointing, it was in the least, expected.  On a whim, we glanced at the Mirage prices, and decided to splurge the extra $50 per person for the entire trip.  And, now we have found our new go-to Vegas hotel.  Fabulous rooms, great restaurants and the best pool in Vegas.  Absolutely worth the extra few dollars!  One word of caution though -- do not move anything in the mini-bar.  We ended up getting charged an extra $10-15.  Not a big worry in the big scheme of things, but certainly something to watch out for in your bill.
2	So far this review is based on the check in experience - awful. First there's no automatic door or doorman, so drag your stuff in as best you can. Then the front desk -- Very Understaffed. Instead of a single line you get to play "line roulette" and guess which line might move -- mine doesn't because the rep is "waiting for her guest" who has disappeared. No one else to be helped in this line. (I wish I was someone's guest...)They offered me the choice to pay more to get a room or wait for a text and come wait in line again (!). I need to run one business call today. The Business Center offers me a quiet corner for $60/hour. What exactly is it that my daily resort fee does for me again?No one who cares about customers manages this place. My advice: Go somewhere that appreciates your business.--------------OK, update: I'm going from 1 to 2 stars. The room is nice. It's a middle aged property, not too bad. Everything is overpriced (think $14 hamburgers and $8 beers) but that's probably typical. The restaurants like to keep a line going so they delay seating you even with many open tables. Overall it wasn't terrible.Yet to me First Impressions and Service are important. If the manager has never gone through the experience of arriving and checking in to his/her own property and doesn't try to make it the best it can be then I know there are other properties where I will be valued more as a customer. For example I have had great experiences at the Venetian and more recently at Rio.
4	I First came into this place @ 9am before the scorching heated weather starts. Obviously most hotels wont actually let you check in until 10-11, but we couldn't check in until 10:30. So just went ahead got breakfast, took my time, played some rigged slots that lasted me only 5 min, then came back to check in. The lady  checked me in, BUT stared suspicion into me and said "your a minor? you look like a minor". NO I am certainly not a minor thank you very much (never said it like that, but you get the picture :] ). So in order to get to the rooms you have to walk through the casino with tempting slots trying to tell you "give me your money, you know you want to".  When we got into the rooms, in my opinion I thought this room is much better than the rooms at Excalibur. It was way spaaaaaacier!! the beds were extremely comfy that made you feel like you were laying in a bunch of "cotton like clouds". The pillows were a bit disappointing it was indeed soft, but soft enough to be flatten out the next day you wake up on it.   Nice architect on the bathroom,but the showers are sooo bad! water comes out in big clumps, and runs slow sometimes. One of the towels I used smelled like chlorine, and it wasn't a faint scent of chlorine but it smelled like someone actually had the nerve to dip it into the pool!! tsk, tsk, tsk! Overall my "luxurious" time in the bathroom wasn't a hot experience at all.Kind of wish the room I stayed at wasn't located at the end of the hallway. Came back from a long night stupidly wearing heels causing my feet to hurt. After coming out the elevator I remember saying "noooooooooooooooo why is it so far away!!!!?!?!?!" wanted to crawl so badly, but that would've been so awkward for someone to see, and wanted to take my heels off but the thing is well........ I'm not gonna get to that part.
3	Aww... I came here thinking that to see the baby dolphin exhibit was free... I remember it used to be free to see the lions way back when, so I assumed it would be free to see the dolphins.  Unfortunately, I was wrong.  It wasn't free to see their new baby dolphins in their exhibit. x( Plus, the exhibit closes early at 5:30pm. :(
3	3.5 starsPros:-Resort fee includes cardio center (treadmills, elliptical machines, stair machines and bikes) and wifi-Great location on the strip-Good places to eat (Carnegie Delicatessen, BLT Burger, Japonais, kokomo's). Even the room service food is good and available 24-7 (Chicken Pesto Classic Casar Salad, Pizza).-Rhumbar is a great outdoor bar to kick back at.-Complimentary Valet Parking (don't forget to tip)-Rooms and decor are great.Cons:-Room service charges $3 per person dining-Restaurants are not cheap. Even to go orders can be about $15 per person. Maybe a food court of some sort would be great.-Complete is gym access is $28 per day. That's a bit excessive.Some helpful info:-11am check out. 12pm is complimentary, and any later checkout and they charge you a fee.-Refrigerator are available with a per day fee.
4	I've stayed here only once, but love to gamble and eat at this casino.  The room I stayed in was okay.  The furniture/decor was a bit dated.  But the pool was FANTASTIC.  Love all of the waterfalls and plenty of room to layout and relax.The slots are plentiful with a ton of gaming options.  Pretty sure my husband and I will stay here again.
4	Best hotel I can remember going too! I'm speaking to the room decor, view and connivence to shops. Solid joint!
3	You know you're in Vegas when your hotel has it's own Dolphin and Tiger exhibit.  That was pretty cool.  The hotel pool is pretty nice for a giant wading pool when it hits 105 degrees.  Just crowded as hell though.The hotel/casino itself inside - lots and lots of restaurants (BLT Burger = awesome), a mall, a giant sports-betting area, pretty much everything that any of the other casinos/hotels generally have.  I have to say that the location is probably the most outstanding draw to the hotel, with the Bellagio about 3 minutes' walk away.However, for a more authentic-feeling experience in Vegas (if there is such a thing), I say hit up Fremont Street instead of the Strip...
4	The Mirage is still a good place to stay in Vegas. Its near the middle of the strip so you have options to like, Caesar's. I went during the 4th of July weekend so it was pretty packed. The service at Mirage was very friendly from the check in, house keeping, pool service and check out. The rooms are clean and beds are comfy. They can use a few more tables such as three card poker but that's just my personal preference. The poker room is not overwhelming so you can get a seat without wait. I would have like to seen more wheel of fortune but again that's a personal preference. The main pool is big and there a two big spa's with shade. Overall i enjoyed my stay here.
4	Every experience I've had at The Mirage over the past couple of years has been a great one.. Comfortable rooms, complimentary wi-fi, etc.. Never have had a problem with check-in/out and any issues have always been resolved with good customer service..
4	I stayed here for three days during my second trip to Vegas.  My friends and I had a few issues with the front desk (like being given an unclean room the first time and having our room being accidentally given to another party on our last day).  However, I really enjoyed my stay.  The room we ended up in was beautiful and comfortable and with a great view of the pool.  The location was awesome, as it is next to Caesar's and across from the Venetian.  My first time in Vegas I ended up leaving my hotel quite a bit (MGM), but this time around I found myself staying put and trying the various restaurants and lounges (BLT Burger, BB King's, Onda, Paradise Cafe) in the Mirage, and nothing disappointed.  Although Rhumbar seemed to be dealing with a few rookie employees. I enjoyed the Dolphin habitat and the volcano show.  Highly recommended.  I would've given it 5 stars had it not been for the aforementioned front desk issues.
2	Mirage is mirage.This is my second time staying at this resort.Room is spacious & also kept clean.Good bed & clean bathrooms. No idea how they clean the glasses.This time there was a resort fees of $25/- & I could never get into their wifi. But still I have to pay them. Maybe next time for using their elevators & doors I will have to pay a touching fees ( dont know what else they come up with)The most interesting was their mini bar. You have 40 seconds to check any item. Basically you check it & did not keep it back within the 40th second a fee is charged according to the weight. But you wont be uncharged if u keep it back at the 41st second. wow....Mirage is testing eveyones knowledge of counting.So BEWARE...Ding DIng Ding.....charged credit card.Final Verdict:-As there are so many resorts I might try some others next time I go. May never go back to Mirage. Too many choices so no panic button.Have a wonderful time in Vegas.
3	How about that ride in? The Mirage has a huge walkway/ driveway area that could be so unbearable to walk up especially in the 90 degree weather.Like most of the hotels on the strip they have a bunch of restaurants and a shopping area. i really like the huge glass dome that overlooked a Japanese restaurant in the center of the Casino.We tried to go to the Dolphin Habitat around 3 but they said they closed at 4pm so there was no luck.
5	We've been staying here for over 20 years and it still doesn't disappoint.  I'm frustrated with the nickel/dime upcharges they've developed though.  You want the better pool with less kids: $50 per person.  You want a guaranteed early check in: $30.  In the past they perked you on loyalty. Now it's strictly points based on casino play and dollars spent.  The good news is they now give points for entertainment and food dollars in  all of their hotels.Still a solid choice.  Impressive (but packed) pool.  Pretty good deals from the M Life gambling card but don't fear using hotels.com.  My son used that and got an awesome room.  They offered a special: $81 room rate WITH $75 food/beverage credit.  Happening now. Concierge tended to be more personable & helpful to the older adults in the group & more rude to the younger 20 somethings.  If they are in the mood, ask for some freebies to clubs, etc.  They have several to offer. Check their website for incredible suite prices & bring some friends. The spa offers a $28 break from the crowds. The deli has monster sandwiches (that come with an equally large price) but sharing is recommended.
4	My husband and I just went for a weekend staycation and I am so happy that we decided on The Mirage.Pros: The pool was beautiful, there were tons of restaurants to choose from, it was close to everything, clean, the staff was helpful, the room was just the right size and they little traveling extras were so great I bought some from the gift shop.  Even though it was just me my husband I would go back and bring the kids.Cons: It was tough to find a seat at the pool and the seats we did find we literally touching the seats next to us.  The buffet doesn't serve regular breakfast on Saturdays or Sundays so you have to pay $26 for the brunch.  But other than that there really are no complaints.  I would stay again in a heart beat!!
4	My friend and I had a wonderful experience at "The Mirage"!   The location is perfect!  It is right in the center of the Las Vegas Strip.  You can walk to Caesars Palace,  The Bellagio, The Venetian and even the Fashion Show Mall.  When I visit Vegas again,  I would not mind booking another room here.  Our room was not fancy but it was quite comfortable and it was cleaned every day.  The elevators worked well, which was great, because we were on the 19th floor.  The hotel did have a few cons. Of course, just like most hotels on The Strip, "The Mirage" has an imperative resort fee.  It was kind of unfortunate because I never used any of the amenities.  Oh, and try really hard to not grab anything from the mini fridge.  The items were expensive!  My friend was really thirsty and she grabbed a small drink from the mini fridge.  It was around 3 bucks!  Just ignore the cons and you will still have a great time at this hotel.  Before you leave Vegas, make sure to check some attractions at The Mirage.  Listen to the live music at BB King's Blues Club, get a Mocha Mudslide Milkshake from BLT Burger and watch the free Volcano show outside.  The Mirage also has the Cirque du Soleil: The Beatles LOVE show.  I did not have a chance to see it but there is always next time!  :-)
4	We chose to stay at the Mirage because of its location, attractions and pool reviews. We weren't disappointed! Check in was a little crazy - there really isn't a line to stand in, you just bunch up around the desk. Luckily I didn't have to wait too long - the line was much longer at other times we walked by. The check in lady was very nice! We chatted awhile and she gave me some recommendations - and free passes to Sigfried and Roy's animal habitat. Score! When we got back from dinner later that night, she had sent up a bottle of champagne on ice for us! I was really impressed.Our room was a 2 queen room and it was very large! We had the "sunset view" room, which gave us a great view of the mountains. We could also see some of the north strip, like the stratosphere. We were on the 10th floor. It's cool how they have 4 sets of elevators, and you go to the ones based on the floor you are staying on. The beds were comfy, TV was big, and they had nice toiletries offered. It was very clean and the housekeeping staff was outstanding. My one complaint about the room was that you could hear EVERYTHING from the hall. I mean, after getting up at 4am to catch my flight that morning, I took a small nap and was constantly disturbed by people walking, talking, and making noise in the hall. One person answered their cell phone and I could hear THE OTHER PERSON on the line. WTF? Luckily it was quieter at night, but every night, I was awakened at least once by someone being noisy. If I were to stay here again, I would try to request a room at the end of the hall and bring my noise machine. There are a lot of shops and restaurants in the hotel. The Paradise store has everything known to man, from food to alcohol, souvenirs, toiletries. It's huge. There is a Kardashian store here, which gave me a huge laugh. Nothing of much value there! There is froyo, Starbucks, several casual restaurants, and several upscale. There also is the wildlife habitat, volcano show nightly, nice pool, bars, casino and more. Lots to do!The pool area is pretty awesome. It is HUGE and has two waterfalls. You can lounge around the side with your drinks from the Dolphin bar, which are good, and better be for $20 a pop for the bigger size. There are cocktail waitresses that will bring them to you in the pool or at your lounge chair. We went to the pool two afternoons and had no problem getting two chairs together. It is busy, but there were several empty. The location is great - we saw Cirque's LOVE here, and it's next door to where they have Mystere (Treasure Island), and across the street from the Venetian and Palazzo shops and a Walgreens, and a few minutes from the Wynn, where we saw the best show ever - Le Reve. We walked everywhere without a problem. It is a lot of walking but is worth it, and good for burning off the calories from drinks and food that you enjoy here! Overall, great experience.
5	Just got back last night at midnight! Stayed 3 nights on the 19th floor. Roland, the check-in guy, really hooked us up. My daughter's birthday was being celebrated and he got us a great view of the strip and Volcano. Thank you Roland! Your customer service was impeccable. We had a deluxe room which is basically a standard room there but it is actually pretty nice. It had two queen size beds so the kids & I could sleep. The beds are REALLY comfortable. There is a flat screen TV and the room is definitely big enough for everyone to walk around comfortably . The bathroom wasn't very big but it was adequate for the basics. Hot water was working good while we were there. The location of this hotel is probably top-notch. You really can't beat it! The pool was lovely. I took my kids down swimming and we had fun swimming around and playing under the water fall area. The pool is so huge that there was plenty of room for everyone. Of course, we were there on a week day. On the weekend, it's probably chaos! If you stay at the Mirage, check out the Dolphin Habitat and the lions/tigers. Roland hooked us up again with tickets to it. It was very fun. The white lions and tigers are beautiful and so are all of the other animals. My kids loved Shadow the black panther and bought some stuffed animals that looked like him :-). Hubby and I had a good time playing the Ghostbusters slot machines. We won a bit of money on them. :-) Overall, it was just a really fun time and a vacation the kids will never forget. It was their first time flying and their first time in Vegas. We thought the kids would enjoy Vegas because of its shows and we were right. They also loved the pool and animal habitat. I think the Mirage lived up to our expectations. If my husband and I go back, we will probably get the suite :-). Thanks again to Roland and to the Mirage staff for making it a great trip.
4	Older hotel, but still well kept.  Great deals to be had here.  Still close to many of the other spots.  Plus how much time are you actually spending inside of your hotel?
4	Still a solid 4 star resort!  Even with every single hotel claiming to be sold out, my friends at the Mirage found me a nice room during a busy 4th of July/UFC Convention/UFC 148/World Series of Poker weekend. I have no complaints as the rooms are always nice, clean, and the service up to par.  I do wish the regular rooms would upgrade the bathrooms but a tub shower combo is not the worst.The pool is still a highlight with the volcano water falls!
4	A very, very solid resort. I decided to stay here with some friends for a weekend in my first trip to Vegas. Architecturally, it is not a sight for sore eyes like Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, or The Venetian, but it gets the job done. Downstairs there are dozens of restaurants, bars, clubs, food/drink places, and shops for your entertainment. The volcano shows are definitely cool to check out. And the pool, as well as the adult lounge pool area in the back of the hotel is great also.Room services and just general treatment of guests is decent. Overall, this place is decent and probably a little bit better priced compared to the fancy-schmancy resorts near the Mirage/
5	I am definitely a fan of the Mirage. We stayed there on our first trip to Las Vegas. They upgraded us to a strip view king suite for free. The pool area is superb! The athomosphere is classy and exciting. Everyone there is so friendly and helpful. It's located in the perfect spot on the strip and within a hop, skip and jump tothe monorail. Top Nop! Super clean!
4	Quite a nice hotel--smells GREAT! The ambiance is very enjoyable.  The room was clean and classic--not too big but not a dive by any means.  The TV was hit and miss when it came to channels working but let's face it--this is Vegas so you don't watch a whole lot of TV.  The casino is kept very clean.  The cocktail waitresses are hit and miss as far as being available to get you a drink but once they do come they are quick to serve you.  The dealers are delightful--what a hoot!  The restaurant options are great!  We LOVED BLT Burgers but really there are a lot of great places to grab a snack or a full meal.Let's face it--BEATLES LOVE is the absolute BEST!  We've seen the show twice and it just gets better and better...would love to see it 100 times!  I only wish we could afford to bring the whole family to see the show.Check in is a bit of a nightmare--it seems like there are millions waiting to get checked in.  Baggage handlers are hit and miss as far as being friendly or helpful.  We've had some great service from them and some terrible service in that area too. I honestly wish the room came with a fridge that guests can actually USE to keep drinks cold.  If you touch anything in the fridge you are charged for it so you have to bring your own cooler.Bottom line, we will be back for sure!  We had a wonderful time!
4	i got married here on june 22nd 2012 at the mirage at the pool waterfall in the evening! It was amazing and perfect. the wedding was not to long or short the only mistake they made was not telling us that the photographer was included but all photos were not and hitting us with a hefty 1,500 bill so we could have our photos after we just paid 4,000 dollars for a wedding. so that was very shady. so if u get married here don't read the fine print because it was no where in our contract ask lots of questions.
4	Lava show at Mirage is a fun fire show in the front of the building.  It's free, starts at 8pm and continues on the hour for the rest of the night.  I'm not sure when it ends, but I'd get there 5-10 minutes before the hour to get a good place to stand.
5	Our visit started on a good note and has been nothing short of fantastic! Check in was fast and easy. We got a room on 23rd floor with a view of the pool and the strip. Great views! The room was spotlessly clean and smelled nice. Thick and fluffy towels. This hotel is packed with great restaurants and lounges. The service is really top notch. Every person we have come in contact with has been friendly and helpful. The pool experience has exceeded our expectations! The pool is beautiful and clean. There is music playing, wait staff always available, and gorgeous, lush surroundings. Truly an oasis in the desert. We will definitely stay at the Mirage again. This stay has far exceeded my expectations!
5	This review is for the POOL only.  One of my favorite places to get my swim on!!  I love hanging out poolside and sipping on a cold beverage on a hot day here.  Plus, there are tons of chairs to get my tan on and tons of water to get my swim on.  I particularly like the waterfall/water spouts around the pool and the accessibility of food and drinks when I feel the need to 'fuel up'.  Although the drinks tend to mimic the strip prices, a Lava Flow with an extra shot is guaranteed to keep you happy for most of the day.  Awesome pool.. will be back again soon!
3	Stayed at the Mirage for a boys weekend and had a really mixed experience. We were in a Tower Suite, apparently one of their biggest/nicest. The room itself did not disappoint. A semi-private elevator, awesome floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the strip and the volcano, a wet bar, cool/contemporary furnishings, a massive master bath & dressing area, and a killer sound system. My issues come with the overall level of service. We waited awkwardly for 10 minutes in the valet area for a bellman to get around to checking our bags, which wasn't a great start. Next, even in the "VIP" check in line, we had a 30 minute wait (at 11 AM? Really?), and although we were early and asked to be called when the room was ready, it wasn't until I called several hours later that I was informed we could get into the room. Once we were checked in, things were much better, but we had another long wait at checkout. I guess this is the difference between a 4 & 5 star hotel.The hotel itself was great. Pro's include a center-strip location and a huge tropical-themed pool with servers to bring you all the tropical frozen drinks your heart desires--though I'd recommend it more for the family set than young & singles. The casino was always lively, the dealers friendly, and while a little slow at times, the dining options were at least available at all price ranges. We also spent a full Saturday at the Bare pool/lounge. Check out my separate review, but in a word: awesome.All in all, if you can survive the lines at check-in/check-out, not a bad place to Stay in Vegas.
3	Was a nice place but needs some luv, very crowded with what looked like Circus Circus over flow. Waited 40 minutes for my car at Valet! WTF??????
4	This was a nice hotel, kind of pricey but amenties were awesome.PRO's-Hotel is very nice inside and out. Valet was good, checkin fast, employees were pleasant, clean, lots of bathrooms in casino.  Casino was super clean but kind of empty. Restaurants were good, but kind of pricey.  Rooms were awesome. Beds were comfy queens, pillows were comfy, lots of extra blankets and pillows in the closet, robes, big floor to ceiling windows with view of the strip and volcano. Large TV, hook ups for dvd player, ipod charging, laptop hookup, camera hookup, very impressive, fridge, and comfy sitting area.  Bathrooms were impressive.  big tub, marble floors and sinks, lots of towels, double sinks. very impressive room. thumbs up for me for this hotel.CON's-no wifi, pool was closed for renovations, but it looks big, i noticed the chain restaurants were about 40% more pricer then going to a chain location off the strip. The nightly volcano show is loud even with the windows closed.  Room service sucked.  Small portion for big price. they dont do late check outs.
3	We got a pretty juicy deal so for the money, this hotel was alright.  We're big Mandalay and Arria fans, so it's tough for this older hotel to compete.  It's in a great location, middle of the strip.  We did the early check in for $30 at 10:30 - well worth is as we didn't have to wait long to check in.  We got a pass for the pool and went back at 11. We were able to get chairs at the pool, but it would have been tough after 10 am on Saturday. The pool area is really nice - great shade/sun areas and nice big pool. Typical Vegas - it was pretty smoky in the casino (Mandalay and Arria don't seem that smokey?) and BB King's and Cravings are pretty good for breakfast.  The rooms have been upgraded well.  Be aware that if they give you a "mountain view" room you'll be looking out onto the roof.  It's ok though - we weren't looking for a view this time. The bed was comfy, but the walls and doors are thin - I could hear our neighbor peeing next door and lots of noise in the hall.  Teeny bathroom, which didn't bother me as much as the nasty shower head - for the love of God.  Upgrade those things!Service was quick and friendly.  We'd stay here again if we got another sweet deal.
2	Very disappointed.  No pillow cases on any of the pillows.  It took 7 hrs. for housekeeping to correct the problem.  I received a call from housekeeping at 3am about a refrigerator I didn't request.  We are still waiting for the sewing kit we asked for.   Poor service, not clean, and long lines.  We may not be back.
4	I've never stayed at the Mirage before and I always thought of it was old. So when my wife got a room there for work, I thought it was going to be a bad experience. Since she decided to take me and my son too, my expectations were not that high. Once we got there, I found my expectations to be totally incorrect. The hotel was beautiful. When you walk in there's a mini rain forest and it's a surprise. We went to get our room with a dilemma. We needed a fridge because my wife was pumping breast milk. We explained it to the front desk person and she said that they would provide it to us for free. For free! We thanked them for their help and was taken to our room. Once I saw the room, I was blown away. It was modern and very posh yet comfortable. After being in the room for 5 minutes, our mini fridge came up. prompt and fast! We had a great view and we were so tired that my son and I passed out for 2 hours while my wife left for work. The bed was incredibly comfortable and everything in it was great. After our nap we checked out the secret garden and walked around the strip. In the evening we checked out the volcano show out front and my son loved it. We loved our stay at the Mirage and will definitely book a room there again.
5	The Mirage has one of the nicest interiors of any Vegas casino I've been to. Definitely check out the rain forest area as well as the Volcano show on the outside.The #1 reason to stop by Mirage is for the Beatles Love show. I was just completely blown away by it and I highly recommend it to anyone in Vegas. Mirage is on my list for must-visit casinos.
4	I have stayed at the Mirage about a half a dozen times over that many years and I am always pleasantly surprised of the great deals that they offer along with the up keep of the hotel. In general the hotel takes good care of their patrons and out of the 6 times I have been upgraded 4 of those times without even asking. It is one of the oldest on strip, but it has kept up quite well with surrounding newer places. The lobby is real nice with the mini rain forest and the wall length aquarium. The rooms are well kept and were recently renovated (3yrs), the casino is one of the nicest and lower priced tables in that part of the strip and even better, it's right across the street from the cheapest casinos. I like the sports book here...nice and tucked off to the side allowing for me to sit and do what I do without outside interference.  I like the Brazilian steakhouse (Samba), but it is a tad over-price when compared to other comparable places. I like the regular and European-style pool (Bare) even though I do not agree with the surcharge for Bare. Moreover, the Mirage has housed one of the hottest clubs in Vegas for a while in Jet and now 1 OAK...and nothing beats going out to a hot club and stumbling upstairs to your room instead of taking a taxi.
4	Happy review as merely a pedestrian on that strange road one calls "The Strip."In 104 degree weather, I started my visit to The Mirage outside in the shade, plopped down on a grassy patch across from some beautiful fountains. Really loved the indoor environment through the main entrance, and enjoyed a delicious cocktail between some beautiful indoor waterfalls, some great looking restaurants, the edge of the casino, and a rock/tropical flowe garden.  Was able to walk straight out of the Mirage and straight into Caesar's Palace, directed by a friendly cocktail waitress. If (ugh, when) I return to Vegas, I'll plan more time over here.
5	This review is specifically for the Sports Bar at the Mirage, just outside the sportsbook.So my wife and I had just walked in from the heat (9pm) and she wanted a drink before bedtime.  We plop down and I see our waitress talking with other customers before coming over to us. The bar isn't too busy at this time.  Her name is Maryan and the first thing you notice is her incredible mane.  She has this voluminous head of dark black hair that is quite striking.  She is also wearing the standard referee uniform.  We ordered our drinks and when she returned we start talking to her and she has this wonderful and engaging personality.  Before we know it, she is telling us about her Italian heritage (mine is as well), her grandfather and his bakery and the way she was raised in an Italian mafioso-type family in New York.  I'm basically mesmerized by her story and childhood experiences.  It's like listening to a story about the Sopranos.We finished our drinks and before departing she gives my wife a hug and a smile.Now this is the way to treat customers, like they are family.  Maryan, thank you for a wonderful visit!  Next time we get to Vegas we are coming by to see you. :)  Best of luck to you!!
4	The central location of the Mirage and the pool makes up for the mediocre service.  My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary.  The hotel is do for a renovation.  It is a big outdated.The pool area is fabulous and it is one of the best!The range of restaurants is one of the best on the strip.The valet / bag area has a wait anytime of the day - I am not against waiting 5 - 10 minutes, but 15 minutes is when I become annoyed.Our two preferred hotels are Caesars Palace and the Mirage.  We hope that the MIrage will continue to improve its hotel and service.
4	I dig the vibe from this hotel. I stayed here many, many years ago. About 8-10 years or so. I remember liking it very much back then, and I liked it just the same when I went back this week. Although I didn't stay here, I did walk around inside.I've been to Vegas many times in between, but hadnt really focused on the hotel interior, or just hadn't passed by this hotel at all since.The earthy, oasis feel it has is great. Even with all the new contemporary hotels sprawling up left and right, this one still has that old-school charm and history, while still looking clean. Cleanliness is something that many historic hotels lose. They become dilapidated, rusty and just...plain OLD looking. The Mirage is none of these.
4	We normally stay at the MGM Signature but got comped a 3 night stay and I am truly surprised at how nice our stay was. Check in was quick and easy and even though the casino is older, they do a good job of keeping it clean and filtering the air so that the cigarette smell isn't overwhelming.They have redone the rooms and usually this type of room would be an upgrade at different Vegas hotels.  We were on the second floor and didn't have the best view but our room was large, clean, and had a modern, upscale look. The bed was comfortable and had overhead reading lights and the AC worked well and was very quiet.  The flat screen had lots of channels but no HBO.  The bathroom had high end touches and the lighted, magnifying mirror was a nice touch and I also used it as a night light.  What I didn't care for was that the bathroom was very small and the shower pressure was incredibly powerful and almost hurt.  I liked that the closet was spacious and there was a safe.  We never heard anything from other rooms but people were really loud in the hallway even late into the night. There is a fridge in the room but it is stocked with alcohol and snacks.  If you remove any of it you'll automatically be charged for it and the prices are so unreasonable that it's better to go to the first floor shop for drinks and snacks.  The location is right in the center of the strip.  To one side you are steps away from the Forum shops of Caesar's Palace which houses more high fashion designers under one roof than anywhere in the world.  In the other direction you are close to Treasure Island and the Palazzo.  It's easy to walk to all the places.  MGM, Luxor, Excalibur are on the other end of the strip and you may want to take the monorail but that's easy to get to.  From the Mirage, just cross the street and the monorail is located inside of Harrah's.The Mirage has a really great buffet with tons of food options.  We ordered room service one night and the food arrived at the promised time, 45 minutes, and our pizzas were very good.  There are no upscale shopping choices in the Mirage but that's okay because the Forum Shops are next door!  The pool was large with lots of chairs and you'll need your room key to get in.  We had a great stay and will definitely be back.
3	It's the Mirage.  Not the level it once was, back in the day, but still a decent place to hang out.
4	I like the Mirage. Ever since their remodeling a few years back, they've cleaned the place up, buffed up the service and all in all has done a good job. Rooms booked the last two times average about $120-180 a night (if you ask nicely, they might bump you to a larger view room, YMMV) We had a two bedroom, strip-view room. Very roomy and great for a couple of girls looking to get away. They did regular turn-down service and when requested, brought us extra pillows, blankets, towels, all pretty promptly. I'd recommend it! Location is decent too, easy for walking or even driving around the Strip.
4	First time staying here last weekend, very impressed! Clean rooms and casino. Friendly and helpful staff. Comfy beds too, we got the standard room for 2 nights. King size bed and still plenty of room to walk around in room. with a view of the pool. Loved the bare pool. Which is topless but optional, I'd say about 1/3 women went topless and no one made u feel uncomfortable if u did or didn't. Look for promoters outside the pool, I got free entry and my bf got in for $10 originally $10 gals and $40 guys. If u want a place to sit besides the pool u will need to purchase lounge chairs, day bed, or cabana. Chairs $50 per. Bed about $250 and cabanas around $1,000. But all food and drinks go towards ur total. Which is easy to do btw. Buckets $50 pitchers $75 singles $12. I will def be returning here. Fun relaxed environment. Reason for only 4 stars was the shower, the water pressure was out of control, I felt like I was getting washed with a pressure washer! Ouch! But I guess I would also complain if it was too weak so..oh well. Go check it out! Loved it and will b back!
5	Ohh man I feel like I might have to revise the rating after the next Vegas trip.  Main reason because I got up a good amount here on my way out of Vegas, also I will give it a 5 stars because I think the Casino itself is extremely nice, the dealers are friendly and they also offer lower stake games like $10.  I even got on a table with $5 hands.  Let see how I do next time I visit.  Also haven't stayed at the hotel yet, but I would like to give it a try.
4	I think the hotel itself is 3stars compared to others on the strip but the location and price bumps it up to 4.  The rooms are smaller compared to other hotels i have stayed at.  The check in/out was easy and fast. I didn't like that it was 1050am and we were about to check out but still grabbing luggages and the room service lady was already opening the door.  Also this random guy knocked our door 5times to see if the mini bar fridge needed refill at 3pm.  He knocked until we opened the door and had the sign "privacy please" outside the door. But for M life deal we received, it's something minor that happened.  I will stay again if I'm on a budget.
5	Aaaah my favorite casino. I love The Mirage, everytime I stay here it's a great experience. The pools are freakin' awesome and the casino is great too. I always stay here when visiting Las Vegas and enjoy my leisure time. I really enjoyed the Cravings Buffet inside and the Carnegie Delicatessen is off the chain as well. Vegas Run in about a month for me, so guess where I'm stayin??? MIRAGE!!
3	1 star for Mirage Reception. 4 starts for everything else.Seriously slow check in! Our party of 5 took 45 minutes to check in once we got to the front desk . The lack of a queuing  system made the reception area one big mess. All of us said it was our all time worst check-in experience. We are all in retailing so we understand customer service. Jenna, the receptionist never apologized for or acknowledged our inconvenience until we asked for her name.  If she was a trainee, she should have said so. No sense of urgency or politeness until we asked her name. Figuring out a cueing system is one of the simplest things a hotel can do. It's not like it's a novel idea. The poor people behind us eventually gave up and moved to the back of another unclear disorganized line. A poor way to start a hotel experience.
4	I heart the Mirage.  Here's why:-The rooms are clean and the decor is pretty awesome [Oriental inspired]-They have a kid pool and an adult pool [top-optional if you get my drift]-They have a Carnegie Deli---ohhhhh happy days-2 decent choices for Steak -Kokomos & Stack & even Japonais if you want to get technical- Rooms are affordable-They have reasonably priced tables, unlike the Palms who has a $25 min at any BJ tables on a Tuesday at um 7 pm????- Central location is awesome and it's right next to Caesar's so you can walk to the Forum Shops [more food, more shopping, more happy Danielle]
3	Busy lound high energy Great for Gambling and have a shows I like and have seen.
1	In the beginning it was great. Then my key card stopped working completely the second day at the worst possible time. Locked out at 1am with only my cellphone and the useless key card in my damn pjs. I take the elevator and walk ALL THE WAY to the front desk and is DENIED a new key because my name isn't on it.. Yes, I understand there is security protocol but THIS IS JUST DAMN RIDICULOUS!! There are people already sleeping in my room and I CANNOT make ANY NOISE AT ALL (seriously..). I am turned away and have to go back all the way to my damn room for security to arrive to check id WHICH DOESN'T EVEN MAKE SENSE!! Why?? Cuz how would they still know that, that is my room??? He said that he only had to check my last name but my last name is one of the most common last names IN THE WORLD.. FUCKING IDIOTS!! After I show him my id I ask him if he'll bring me a damn new key card, his response? Have to call bell boy.. Well... How the hell can I if I CAN'T MAKE ANY NOISE IN MY ROOM???!! INCONVIENT AS SHIT!! I WILL NEVER STAY AT THE MIRAGE EVER AGAIN!!
4	Very nice hotel in a great location! We were only there for one night as part of a cross-country road trip, so I'll admit I didn't get to experience everything that the hotel has to offer. But I did check out the casino, and that was fun. Best casino in that general area. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated, you can tell that the place has been remodeled recently. Overall a great place to stay in Vegas.
4	The Mirage-Treasure Island shuttle saved our lives.  Our feet were super exhausted, and we couldn't walk anymore.  The shuttle provided great distance for us to rest on the car for a few minutes.  We really appreciate about it.Watch LOVE!
5	Located on the Las Vegas Strip, this was one of the first properties of the "corporate era" of Las Vegas. A theme property with out a theme (I mean that as a good thing). Yes the decor is lush and tropical but it is evocative of nowhere in particular, it is your own tropical paradise. They have a great selection of restaurants and clubs. I always feel welcome when I go there. Oh and did I mention that they also have a volcano? Worth a stop in. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	I still have a soft spot in my heart for the mirage but it's only a shadow of its former self. The pool is great though.
4	Another unique casino in the middle of the Vegas strip. I've been to a couple of casinos in Vegas and the Mirage does not disappoint.  Even though I am still on my quest in experiencing all the casinos in Vegas, I cannot wait to come back to the Mirage.  The pool is awesome and the couple of restaurants and bars/lounges they have feel different than other casinos and are good in their own right as well. The whole place feels modern and up-to-date.  Clean and prestige.  And the layout is not confusing and feels open and generous.The rooms are decent. I spent my nights in the deluxe room (the normal one) and it's clean and modern.  Nothing special but also nothing that will give it a negative review.
5	One of my favorite hotels in las vegas.  I love the show love and the pool.
3	I liked my experience at this place. The problem is it's just another hotel on the main area of the strip. Nothing really special to talk about. If you have ever stayed in a hotel in the center of the strip? You pretty much have stayed at all of them. I liked they had California Pizza Kitchen in the hotel. And being really close to Forum shops was nice as well. Rooms were clean and roomy. The pool was nice and offered a lot of shade. I am sure I would stay here again if needs be.
2	I make it a point to not stay on the strip when I book a room in Vegas.  The hotels are too big, too full of tourists in warm-up suits, and generally too corporate.  I was having dinner accross the street so I decided to spend the night on the strip.  I searched on-line for a room and got what I thought was a good deal at the Mirage.  Upon arrival, however, I was informed that there was a $25 mandatory resort fee tacked on to the price.  This was a 28% increase in the price I was quoted.  When I asked what the fee was for I was given a card listing "complementary internet service".  If i have to pay $25 how is it complementary?  Needless to say, I didn't use the interenet service.  I have a phone that can do that.  Nor did I use any of the other "resort" services listed.  Next time I'll go back to my standing rule and avoid the strip.  It's a rip.
2	Recently went to the Mirage Buffet. Was disappointed. Much of the food was sitting around much too long, i.e. the roast pork, brisket, mashed potatoes. I was not happy that you could not order pasta to order.  The desserts were fine. The selection of entrees was not too great. Prime rib was ok.  The ribs were very good.
5	Great central location in the center strip in a 4 star hotel with a 2 star price which you can't compare with the other 5 star hotels in the area. Nice, clean and the tropical theme makes the stay very relaxing. The check in area with the fish tank was very inviting but the lobby could use some renovations and seating for the guests checking in after a long drive or flight. I've stayed here three times and 2 out of the 3 check in clerks were friendly and helped me find a room despite me being so picky (High floor, strip view, non smoking, away from the elevator)!Walking to the guests elevators, you'd have to walk past the atrium with the tropical plants and waterfall and around a circle through the casino (to get you to gamble) and then past the Revolution lounge and on your right side is the guests elevators divided into 3 sections. Floors 3 - 9Floors 10 - 16Floors 17 - 23 Penthouse ElevatorsFloors 24 A B C D E F The hotel actually has 30 floors and the top two floors are the 2 bedroom penthouse suites and the rest or mixed suites. All the rooms and floors have been renovated to keep up with the times and it was just very clean and not smokey at all. My room was renovated and very clean with lots of cabinets for my clothes and a flat screen tv. But I hardly used it but it was good to check out your hotel bill and listen to the music station to relax with the cold ac running in the outside 105 degree weather. The hotel windows do open but only a few inches and not many strip hotels offer this other then Excalibur, Harrah's (Carnival Tower) and Cosmopolitan.  The bathroom is very clean and modernize but very small but it does the job. The lighting could be better but the room has alot of mirrors and even a full length by the door so you can check yourself before leaving for a club, bar or show.Restaurant options aren't that bad but you do have some variety to choose from that aren't too pricey like BLT Burger which has great tasting food and the burgers are always juicy and friendly staff. The buffet is not the best I had in Vegas but way better then Excalibur, Treasure Island and Flamingo IMO. If you don't want to eat at the Mirage and at another MGM property (Bellagio, Luxor, MGM, Excalibur, NY NY, Monte Carlo, Mandalay Bay) you can always charge your meal to your room by telling the host or servor your hotel and room number.Mirage is not as big as compared to Venetian or Bellagio but its good on the feet when walking back to your room. The pool area is one of the best on Vegas because of the huge waterfall and palm trees located all around the pool and not many pools offer shade in Vegas except for $$$ which is a total rip off. The pool also offers water stations around the pool so you can refill your waterbottle with cold water and they even off water cups. Waitresses are a hit or miss and can take long to take and get your order depeding how busy the pool is and it can get pretty packed. If you want privacy away from the party crowd, they offer a private pool for only $50 and it includes your own lounge chair with an umbrella and personal service.Out in front is the volcano which is the main attraction and it's free and always has been. I would definitely stay at the Mirage again since I consider it my base hotel but I like to try other hotels around the strip to have some variety.
1	This hotel is right in the heart of the strip, great location and clean. The rooms are nice, the only reason I'm giving a low star rating is because I checked in the hotel and went to the room left all my stuff in the room when I came back to the room my key did not open the door, there was someone in my room. They had given my room to someone else and all my stuff was still there. I called them and they said it was for me but that they were sorry they had by mistake given it to someone else, at this point it was like 3am and I was pissed. They said that in the morning they were going to get my stuff out, I rejected I said I want my stuff asap and security even came to the room cause the other person had the volt and we couldn't open the door. I was upset at the guy in the room too, cause my stuff was everywhere in the room and if it was me in the room I call the front to let them know someone is in the room already. Stupid people they need to check everything. I got my stuff because the guy in the room was upset too and he just threw it outside. I lost some stuff and the mirage did not pay me for those things. They gave me credit to go eat and that was it. I should have sued them.
5	Love this place.
4	The beds were incredibly comfy, but you can hear all the noise from the hallway, which woke me up before sunrise each night. The pool is big, the casino waitstaff is attentive, and valet parking is included in your room stay. It's a fun & clean casino with sleek rooms!
1	Bring lube: you'll definitely need it.Every time I turn around, the Mirage tries to f*** me.  Let me start off by saying some good things.  The room furnishings are not bad at all, and the hot water is very very hot.  They have a very nice aquarium by the front desk, and the pool is great.  All that being said, when it comes to taking somebody's money and and screwing them, hookers couldn't teach these guys anything.We reserved a king size room and got double beds (they moved us the next day, but if you want to be in the hotel business, that's the kind of stuff you need to get right).  Since they botched the bed size, we were given $75 vouchers for food and beverage purchases.  Great, right?  Wrong!!!  What they somehow failed to explain was that the voucher is only good at *some* of their restaurants, but doesn't include the poolside cafe, room service, or the minibar in your room.Speaking of the minibar, let's talk about a profit margin that would make OPEC feel ashamed.  Want a 4 ounce bag of M&Ms?  No problem, that will be $8.  A bottle of water?  Sure, that'll be $5.  How about a half sized bottle of Chandon California Champagne (375mL)?  $25 please.  Seriously, at these prices, every purchase should come with a complimentary b***job!!!  All prices here seem to be about 200% to 1,000% of their fair market value.  Drug dealers don't earn that kind of profit margin.It is pretty ironic, because I am one of the least price-conscious consumers in the marketplace, and I generally purchase items I want without paying much attention to the price.  If these guys are shocking me with prices that strike me as extortionistic, I can only imagine how the poor folks who are struggling to make ends meet feel when they find out that the 10 ounce Coke without ice they just drank is going to run $4.  I respect the ability of the Mirage to earn high returns on their investment, but only a fool or the Department of Defense would buy this stuff at these prices.On top of that, there is some fine print indicating that the refrigerator in the room is strictly for *their* use to keep these wares cold.  If you want to keep your own items cold, they will rent you a fridge.  Seriously???  My assistant said the fridge in her room was locked and she couldn't even open it.  I think someone broke the lock on the fridge in our room (not that I would entertain buying any of the items inside).OK, how about the phone?  These guys want to charge you a per-minute fee *for local calls*.  The internet service?  Not worth a rat's ass!  Apparently it will ONLY work in your room, and that's after you enter your name and room number, and according to my assistant, it didn't even work.  The most joy and pleasure I got during our stay was using my own cell phone connection.  I didn't even bother to try their WiFi after losing all confidence in their ability to provide anything, but she said it was total crap.  Guys, please have the bare minimal competence to provide your guests with free high speed internet.  You should have caught on to this key concept of hotel management sometime around 1997.I can only imagine how many other ways these guys have to hold you financially hostage, but I don't plan to find out.  I'm sure a lot of this stuff is standard here on the strip, but I suspect there has to be at least one hotel available that doesn't gouge you at every single opportunity.  I'm going to try and find such a place during my next stay, and I can only caution readers to beware of the Mirage and their constant attempts to extract every last dollar from your wallet.  I would have given them one star based on their heavy handed attempt to tack a fee onto everything short of the air you breathe (reeks of cigarette smoke anywhere near the casino floor, natch).  The only reason they got two stars is because it is a nice hotel with some neat features, the employees I encountered were pleasant, and everything was clean.  But at this stage, I simply don't feel like I can trust the Mirage.  Buyer beware: unless you can spend with reckless abandon, call around before you book a room in Vegas and find out exactly and precisely what amenities come with your room.EDITED 10/23/12Finally, we are home from our term of imprisonment at the Mirage, and I am thoroughly relieved at having escaped their money-grubbing clutches!!!  I have downgraded them to one star, but only because negative infinity stars is not an option.  Once we arrived home, we disovered that the cost of our incarceration was "enhanced" by the addition of "resort fees" (plus the tax on those fees) that were not mentioned in the price of the rooms.  The explanation for this wouldn't fool even the most gullible cult devotee, but we were told it was in exchange for the internet use.  Which (as I mentioned above) we never used at all.Read Part II in my next review: How I was cheated after departing the Mirage!!!
5	We called to see if the hotel would give us an offer we had not used that expired. They put me thru to a host and it all came about within 2 days of our request. Upon arriving we had a few unexpected issues that were suppose to be complimentary and had to make some calls and get it fixed. The players club gals worked so well with fixing things that I would like to say their efforts paid off. Nancy and co worker made a few calls and we got what was promised to us. As a result it was worth the drive from CA to Vegas 4 plus hours to stay and play and dine. We absolutley enjoyed it all from our room to the restaurants and entertainment. We will go back soon.
2	Best part of the hotel is definitely the location. Pool is beautiful, but can get crowded even in October! Enjoyed the volcano show outside.Enjoyed having Starbucks and California Pizza Kitchen in the hotel. Walgreen's is across the street, next to The Venetian.It's the usual big hotel with no warmth. The room was clean. Great shower, but the tub has rust and poor caulking (a shame for the price they charge each room). Wifi connection is pathetic. There is a resort fee $25+tax daily charge that basically covers wifi (did I mention poor connection!), business office and  pool use.  These are usually amenities included at other hotels!!!Front desk and concierge definitely NOT warm or hospitable. We found the housekeeping and luggage assistance staff way more helpful!Now that we have learned to use the bus route on the strip, we won't stay here again. $8 bus ticket for 24 hour pass -- good for any of the busses!
4	This was our first time staying at The Mirage and we were pleasantly surprised! Will, our front desk agent, was super personable, friendly, and down to earth. He even hooked us up with a killer view to celebrate my birthday. We were able to check in immediately. The bags were brought up to our room within 10 minutes of checking in. Talk about service!The rooms were clean and up to date. Not so much a fan of the resort fee since the internet didn't even work in our room, but overall loved the place.And Adria D.... it's Vegas. What do you expect at 4AM?!
5	Stayed there all last week and was pretty impressed. It had been 15 years since I had stayed there. But it was extremely nice and centrally located.
5	I treated my Mom to the Mirage for one night because we were moving to the Bellagio the next day for 3 nights comp. I wanted to give her a better experience at the Mirage then she had 7 years ago, it took some convincing and agreed to stay one night. I got a great rate for $39 USD because the rates at the other hotels were sky high because of that Madonna concert at MGM. Baah!!Arrived at the hotel around 4pm and the lobby was pretty busy but I didn't have to wait since I went straight to the Mlife VIP line, front desk was friendly and welcoming and gave us a room on the 23rd floor just below the suites facing the pool with a view towards Caesar's Palace and the Eiffel Tower. We can also see the Bellagio fountains performing and that was fun.Our room was non smoking of course, very clean and a remodeled 2 queen bedroom with media outlets and a flat screen TV. The AC worked perfectly, my mom loved the window opening just a few notches and the renovated bathroom with the detailed finishings. What she also liked about the design of the bathroom was the strong vent to get rid of the smell and the Bellagio doesn't have that. Casino was old but that didn't bother me as long as it's clean and up to date in some areas, the drink waitresses were not around as much compared to my last stay, the atrium was lovely to look at with the fresh plants and waterfalls. I'm glad she enjoyed her stay at the Mirage and wants to come back. YAY FOR ME!
2	I probably wouldn't go back to the Mirage unless it was free. The smell of...coconuts? is disturbing, the machines on the casino floor are old with very little variety, and the staff was not very friendly (the exception was the meeting area where the staff are lovely). I stayed during the summer in gazillion degree heat, and the air conditioners weren't working very well. It is also miserable to get anywhere from the Mirage. If you walk, you have to walk around a bunch of other properties and cannot go in a straight line. if you take a cab you will pay a fortune, because traffic near the Mirage does not move. Ever. And your cab fare just keeps clicking, clicking, clicking, up near 30.00. The room was nice enough (but LOUD), so I didn't feel like I could go all the way down to one star. However, there are just too many better places to stay than to go to this place ever again.
4	I recently stayed at The Mirage for a business conference and was impressed with the level of service and amenities. The room was spacious, bed was comfortable, and casino helped me leave Vegas a winner. I hated the pillows because they were all down and not what I prefer to sleep on. The bellman was a little pushy, but all other staff was courteous. I would certainly return.
5	One of the prettiest hotels on the strip of Las Vegas!  Wow, the decor is beautiful!  Pretty pricey, but you get what you pay for!!  Mirage is located in the smack middle of the strip, a great location if you are going to be out and about, easy access to get home. Lots of stuff to do in the Mirage, bars are great, food is awesome and the night club is so fun!
5	I hold the Mirage very close to my heart because I'm always treated like VIP by the hotel staff with the exception for one employee. In the end it never cease to amaze me with the clean and modernized rooms, variety of restaurants and nightlife. I stayed here for 3 nights and Caitlyn checked me in and was very friendly and professional with handling my room request and even found me a high floor with a view of the Mirage volcano.My room 19043 was very clean, beds included pillow top mattresses and pillows and felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. My flat screen TV was great to have during these modern times when other hotels still have the 90's tube TV.  The bathroom with the tub and shower combo was a plus because I'm not really into a shower and tub side by side and the lighting in the vanity was a nice touch. What I also liked about the room was the abundance of drawers below the flat screen, near the bedside and next to the bathroom to store all your personal stuff. Near the entrance to the door they have a full size mirror and a  mirror above the drawer and on the closet door.The MLife rewards desk was always great to help with any questions but I had a horrible experience from a VIP representative. When it was my turn, I walked up to him to ask a question about a point play and he just rolled his eyes on me and said, "All you have to do was follow directions and read this Mlife brochure to help you with those directions". He felt annoyed that I asked him a simple question and treated me like another number. That's a big No No! I understand some people have bad days or hate their lives but is no reason to take it out on the guest. =lThe pool was nice to look at and just relax during November but it was too cold take a dip with the cold breeze blowing on you. I tried the Siegfried and Roy Garden and that was a great experience and hotel guests get a $4 discount off general admission. Mirage feels like my 2nd home since I've stayed there many times and I've gotten use to eating at some of restaurants regularly and it shows on Yelp. =PI will always come back to the Mirage because they always send me great deals and it's in a great location. It's right across from the Venetian and Forum shops at Caesar's Palace and just north is the Fashion Show Mall and Wynn / Encore.
5	Big Smoke at Mirage.  A+
2	Pros:  excellent room service food, great bed, good, strong shower, quick helpful valet, prompt service.Cons: room had insufficient light, ac barely worked set at 60, tv broke twice, mini bar broke and beeped, plugs loose and unusable, maids turned up ac so room hot when returned, only 3 towels provided, maids forgot to restock shampoo, no shelf space in bathroom, long wait for check in and not one bench, gift shop inaccessible for dsabled, restaurants closed early with no notice, buffet said brunch but I was treated like crazy for wanting a waffle, "it's lunch".Try somewhere else.
4	Great place to stay, great view, awesome tropical atrium in the lobby.
4	This place is just gorgeous. We love the dolphins and Lions in the back, as well as the volcano in the front. If you are heading to vegas, you should definitely put The Mirage at the top of your go-to list.
4	Where do I even begin?! The Mirage has a little bit of everything - they have restaurants, shopping, entertainment, a casino, pool, bars, convention halls, and hotel rooms. It's almost like being at a resort! I came here for work, so unfortunately I didn't get to have a lot of fun and enjoy the pool, swim with the dolphins, or enjoy a show. I'm also not a gambler so this isn't a review to read if you're looking to see if their casino is awesome. But I did get to explore just about everything else!Hotel: The staff at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. Every person I ran into said hello. I was surprised at the line at the font desk when we walked in, but they moved it quickly. They were also able to hold our luggage when we checked out (we had a late flight out). The hotel itself is very pretty and clean on the inside - there are signs everywhere telling you where everything is at, they also have a map. There are waterfalls when you first walk in, and it kind of smells like coconut. That smell got old after a while.My room had a nice view and was very clean. I wouldn't say it was the best room I've ever stayed in (the Wifi didn't work well, they don't have a lot of TV channels, and my bathroom light kept flickering). But, it was nice for how long I was there. Restaurants/Bars: There's a pretty decent variety in restaurants. We barely left the hotel since we were there for a convention, so we mostly ate here. There was enough of a variety that we didn't get sick of anything and were able to try something new every day. Some places are a little more upscale than others - I wouldn't say any of them are cheap.  There's a few bars inside that get crowded at night. They have Rhumbar which is an outdoor lounge - that was fun too.Shopping: There is a little bit of shopping within the Mirage. I would say it is mostly upscale shopping. It's nothing like Caesar's - I wouldn't call it a mall by any means. There are just a few stores.Convention Halls: A little out-of date and out of the way of everything else. They were also confusing to get around in - there aren't many signs telling you where other rooms are at, and the rooms are not marked well. It served its purpose.Overall, I think this is a good hotel and a fun place to stay. If I came back I would probably try to explore another hotel, but that's just because I don't like seeing the same thing twice. I would also come back and enjoy some of the entertainment here!
1	My Mirage review is strictly for their casino. While I would probably have enjoyed the hotel rooms and the restaurants, if I don't like the casino then its just not worth staying. Shame too, since I planned on a"stay-cation" here in the near future.If you're big into slot play like me (I was in this immediate area after visiting with family staying at Harrah's) Mirage is NOT for you. First off, upon walking onto the casino floor, the heat was on full blast. It was sweltering! The chairs are new and at probably 90% of the machines are incredibly uncomfortable stools. I was picking machines based on where I could tolerate to sit for more than 5 minutes. Its not a great selection to begin with, but it made the evening a hassle since the rest of my party had planned on staying here for awhile. I've already had the buffet here before and its a huge waste of money....guess I'll be swearing off the machines too!
4	It was clean. The view from my room was horrible, but who comes to Vegas for a nice hotel view? lol over all a great experience.
4	The price was good for the strip and the location was centrally located. The free valet was a nice relief. The staff was friendly and the room was clean.Definitely pay the extra money to upgrade and get a view of the strip and volcano from your room if you have the option!
1	Reviewing the room service food here...Ordering room service here is volunteering to be robbed.Everything was atrocious and bland. Spaghetti overcooked, not enough sauce and wattery. Meatballs 100% frozen low grade beef. Mac and cheese, flavorless. Literally tasted like nothing. Alfredo also bland and bad flavor. Stale bread. I don't think the kitchen uses salt.So basically I was charged $75 for a meal that had a food cost of maybe $12.I'm sure the breakfast is a bit better, and some of the restaurants in house are quite good. Still, pretty disappointed with this meal.
4	I suppose the Mirage would be a 5 star hotel just about anywhere else in the world.  But Las Vegas is not just anywhere else in the world.  It's an older property and the rooms are not exactly luxurious, but they are extremely clean and have everything you could ever need or want.  I stayed here recently after receiving an email offering a two nights' stay and two tickets to the Cirque du Soleil show, "Love."  The offer was for about $150 out the door for everything.  That's not a per night charge.  The show tickets are not great (nosebleed) but there really is not a bad seat in the house.  So two nights and two show tickets for $150 is a pretty rocking deal (and it is a great show, by the way).Would I stay here again?  For the right price, sure.  It's in a good location and has all the amenities of all the other hotels.  It's not a 5 star spot (by LV standards) but then again, you aren't paying $400 a night.  I can live with that.
4	PROS:- Great price- Fabulous location right in the heart of the strip- Although older, it is well-maintained- Monorail to TI saves some walking time to get to the north part of the strip- Good restaurants inside the resort (BLT burgers, Starbucks, Cravings buffet, CPK, Carnegie's deli)- Extremely comfortable beds- Friendly, professional and helpful staff- Since we booked a vacation package we got a $75 dining creditCONS:- $25 resort fee is useless. We thought we'd be getting bathrobes, free bottled water etc. NOPE- Tap water tasted like pool water. I could not drink more than a cup without gagging..particularly problematic after drinking alcohol all day. We suspected this was on purpose, to make you want to buy their bottled water in a moment of desperation. - Lots of extremely white trash stumbling around completely wasted- The dolphin exhibit is not free. Mirage guests only get a $2-3 discount- Casino is not as fancy as others
1	Oh my god.. I am going through the worst experience so far in Vegas.  Booked at Mirage for our Christmas break thinking that they are known for their hospitality, decor and central location. But what a GRAND disappointment this has been so far!We checked in an hour ago. A few problems were apparent right when we checked in.1. Safe did not work2. TV did not work3. Bathroom door could not be locked4. There was a line of ants in the room (WTF)We went to the front desk to report this and requested a change of room, talked to a rather belligerent (and frankly imbecile) employee named Anthony, who refused to change the room for us. He kept insisting that he would rather have someone "analyze" the problem before taking an action. He also mentioned that they would not put this room out of service. He said someone will come to our room to "analyze" the situation in 10 minutes.  What a bad bad way to even converse with a guest (This is despite of the fact that we kept our cool and never argued or raised our voices).We are waiting for past 40 minutes since, yet no luck... My wife just called the front desk and (sure enough) they had no idea about such a service call being placed. So, the ETA now is 20 more minutes. It is 11 PM, my kid is really sleepy and we are sitting in complete disgust, waiting for someone to show up and "analyze" the situation,I hate to begin our long coveted vacation like this :-( We are checking out tomorrow and am going to spend the rest of our vacation in a different hotel.I would NEVER ever stay at Mirage again. 0-stars for them. I wish this never happens to any other fellow traveller.
4	Spend here new years eve weekend with my family. As any Las Vegas hotel, it's full of casinos, smoke, good restaurants (Fin a chinese restaurant, Japanois, Fin, Stake, BLT burger, Starbucks, Carnegies deli, etc)  in the first floor and some other stores as well as nightclubs and bars. The rooms were clean and had the basic neccesities. I didn't interact very much with the hotel staff, but when I did they always had a smile and were very helpful givine directions.
4	Great pricing on rooms (I guess this depends on the time of year). Central location (all the good stuff is North of Caesars ;) ). Down pillows are AMAZING.Mirage, while not the fanciest hotel on the strip, gets the job done. After all, you're just here to sleep, right? And in some cases, not even...so why pay a premium for a place to put your luggage?If you book at the right time, you can even get food credit to spend on any restaurant or room service...and since I didn't fancy any of the restaurants, the credit went a long way towards 4AM buffalo wings!And what's with the resort fee?
4	I stayed here recently with my family. We had a wonderful suite with a great view of the Strip. Housekeeping was quite fine. We had excellent meals on the main floor. I had a massage at the spa with Desiree, whom I would recommend; I've had a slight sciatica problem for months and she helped settle it down a bit.  Check in and check it took some time, but it was a very busy place. I'd have to say that the city was the busiest I'd seen it since the 2008 financial debacle.I see a lot of complaints. All I can say is that given the level of the crowds, I thought everything went quite well.
5	This is a review for the TOWER SUITES at the Mirage.  I was fortunate enough to get a couple of nights at the Mirage for a very low Players price after the Holidays.  Upon Check-In I spoke to one of the Managers who offered an upgrade at a nominal fee for both the Tower Suites or The Penthouse Suites.  The manager was very honest and said the layout is EXACTLY the same just a different color scheme and that I should stick to the Tower Suite.  After I tipped her, we were off to check out the room.There are 3 elevators with key access to the 26-30th floors labled A-D.  I wasn't expecting much as the Mirage is a bit older than the more modern hotels but was pleasantly surprised.  Very spacious 1 bedroom 1300 sq ft. with a 60" Plasma, dinning area, wet bar, huge bathroom with separate shower and Jacuzzi Tub.  The decor was modern and ample to my liking with a striking view of the strip floor to ceiling tinted windows.  If you look at the Mirage, the dark gold large window at the top of the hotel are all the suites. Very comfortable arrangements and much quieter as you'd expect.  As with all the suites there is a door bell and a button to push for privacy not a door hanger.  There are 3 TVs, one rising out of the foot of the bed, one in the bathroom 42", and the 60" in the living area.  Very large sofa with built in chase loungers and enough room for at least 6 people to hang out comfortably.There is no comparison to the regular rooms as the suites are 1st class and worth an upgrade if offered.  I was comped but after speaking to the manager they will "release" a suite to VIP members for $50 and $80-120 for the Penthouse per night on top of what you're paying for the regular room.Going to a suite from a regular room is like going from flying economy to first class.  The attention to detail was outstanding, color scheme was modern and nice, the service in the Towers was outstanding.
3	At first, waking up behind the orange and red volcano seems like a great idea, until somewhere around Day 3, and the reality sets in that thing never stops going lol! Not a bad price for a hotel, we caught "Love" the Cirque show nearby as well as a few others, but it can be, like most Vegas joints a little tired in places. Staff was friendly, but the food sometimes leaves a little to be desired, especially in the nicer eating interior places you'd expect top notch from. Not bad for a budgeted trip for Vegas!
4	Decide to cancel our reservation at the Aria last month and try the Mirage instead. We reached Vegas late the night of December 6th and found that we got a double bed even though we had asked for a king during reservation. A quick call to the Mlife counter and we were whisked away to another room with a king bed and a great view of the strip on one of the higher floors.Gambling was fun at the Mirage and we spent almost 90 percent of our gambling time there. The dealers were friendly and people at the table were fun. This was our first time staying so far up north on the strip and we really liked it. Usually, we stay at Mandalay Bay which is on the southern tip of the strip or at the Aria, which is more centrally located.We always make it a point to go BLT Burger regardless of where we stay on the strip and we have never been disappointed. This time was no exception either. Their burgers are awesome and I love their Knight Rider shake.We tried out Stack for dinner one night and it was not bad at all. The ambiance is good and the food was pretty decent.Oh, and the best part, Mlife comped off our entire stay when we checked out (except for my wife's spa bill), which was very nice of them. Probably their way of compensating us for all our gambling losses for the trip! :)
2	Came here to gamble. It was ok. They must only cater heavily to high rollers since it was insanely hard to get a free drink. I must've sat there for 3 hours w/o a simple "cocktails?" from a waitress. Another downside is their rewards system isn't with total rewards, which almost all of vegas carries now. The environment has improved slightly, but still seem like a scene from the 80s.  Hopefully they will do a remodeling job soon. Not sure if i would stop by to gamble, but the buffet wasn't too bad i suppose..
4	My typical stay in Vegas may be a little different than most people's.  I don't come to gamble - I come to walk.  Walk the casinos, walk the shopping plazas, walk the Strip and take in all the superficial, Vegas-y goodness that I possibly can before I need a good dose of reality and normalcy again.So an ideal hotel for me in Las Vegas is based as much on location as anything else.  And that's why I like the Mirage.  Not only does it fully embrace the Polynesian, island-y theme with its lava spewing volcano and lush, tropical interior, but it's very centrally located on the Strip.We stayed here on my first and third trip to Vegas and I couldn't have been happier.  The average rooms are nothing special, but that's all you need, you shouldn't be spending much time other than sleeping in the room anyway.    I disliked having to walk all the way through the casino in order to get to the room elevators, but quickly learned that was par for the course, and our room had a great view of the main drag and volcano out from our window, which was nice.  And there's a tram that travels between the Mirage and Treasure Island, that was very convenient when we saw Mystere one evening.Inside there's a number of restaurants and buffets (all overpriced but the Carnegie Deli's pretty good for breakfast), a dolphin habitat, a large pool area complete with cabanas (which you must stake a claim to before the crack of dawn), lots of plants and tropical trees and a large casino area on the main floor (duh) - which never seems very fully or energetic.The people watching even from the elevators to the front desk is superb (people watching anywhere in Las Vegas is superb, honestly).  But I really enjoyed it, and stepping out into the middle of the bustling Vegas thoroughfare and crowds immediately was great.  Really, the best thing the Mirage has going for it is it's location: close to Caesars, close the Fashion Mall just the other direction, and the luxurious Venetian and other ritzy hotels right around there.  That's the best thing going for it.  I recommend it solely based on that.If you want to have a great starting point to see Vegas for a few days, consider making camp here.
3	The room was great very very comfortable king bed, flat screen TV, clean bath room, strong shower. The only thing I did not like about the room was the fridge full of there stuff and keyed so that if you move it you bought it, that's a joke right? The staff was great except for one a-hole at the m-life desk. I lost a few $$$ at the blackjack table and did not get any M-Life credit due to I was only betting $20 at a time and not $25 well live and learn. I would stay here again in the future I just know now what they should have told me before.
2	Back in the day of the early 90s when the Mirage first opened its doors, it was definitely considered one of the best hotels/casinos on the strip! I remember going there the first year it opened and watching Siegfried and RoyBut over the past 2 decades it has definitely declined in its overall quality! First of all, the casino/hotel definitely needs to remodel all the game play tables! They seem pretty worn out and the lighting in the casino is surprisingly a little too dim for me! I prefer bright lighting when I'm gambling my money whether I am winning or losing!Second of all, when I come to Vegas I expect to be spoiling myself because Vegas in itself is a vacation getaway and it doesn't come cheap! The rooms are at a pretty cheap price and sometimes I am even offered free stay, but the interior design of the rooms are pretty old and cheap. The walls are so thin that you can hear everything happening ANYWHERE near your room  (conversations, other peoples tv sets, other guests bathroom, drunk people at 3am) . The bedding is hard and scratchy. My biggest pet peeve about the rooms are the bathrooms. I seriously do not think they have remodeled them since the 90s! The toilet system is pretty terrible in which it flushes fast but the water tank loudly continues for 5 straight minutes.  I WARN YOU **DO NOT ORDER ROOM SERVICE UNLESS YOU'RE DRUNK TO THE POINT OF NOT BEING ABLE TO WALK** The room service is extremely overpriced (as is most room service meals in Vegas Hotels) but the quality of the food is definitely NOT WORTH THE PRICE you must pay! The restaurants and bars in the Mirage are not too great. The last time we stayed here back in april of 2012 we were sadly sadly let down to the point where I know I will never be staying here again even if I do continue to get free stays. We decided to stay because I got a special discount of $39 a night even on a weekend. We arrived mid afternoon to the hotel and went straight to the front desk to check-in, after a 15-20 minute wait (which is usually normal in any vegas hotel)  we finally got to check in, I guess the girl checking us in was relatively new because she had to ask her co-worker for step by step instructions on how to check us in. After 10 minutes we finally got our keys and walked up to the room, guess what? She gave us the wrong keys! They weren't psyched to our room!! We had to go back down to the front desk and get keys that actually worked. After a 2 night stay upon check out I overlooked the bill and it looked fine but when I checked my credit card statement they charged us twice for the same bill which then led me to call the Mirage and my credit card company to get it sorted out. I'm sorry but I just don't think the prices are worth the customer service, bad room conditions, old decor, and worn out gambling areas.
4	This hotel has a lot of amenities and a really cool fish tank in the check-in lobby. The rooms are comfortable but the pillows are wack! I had an overall good experience staying in their executive suite on the upper level. The villa was huge and had a great view of the strip. The Mirage has an awesome volcano show in the evening and is worth it to watch live.
2	The doors are super thin, which if you are a light sleeper makes it difficult with 24/7 ambient noise.
3	The variety of games they offer here is great! They even have "Dice" station, which offers electronic Sic Bo and Craps.  The Casino is inviting, even though it seemed like everyone was losing here no matter what time of day you go.
4	My stay here was very pleasant and it's one of the best hotels for the price and location near all the new clubs and whatnot. The only thing that sucks, which sucks at every other hotel, is the resort fee. Staff was nice and I had zero problems with my room. Keep up the awesome work Mirage.
4	The Mirage is like one of those girls that hangs out with the super-hot popular chicks that the whole lacrosse team wants to get drunk and screw, but she's not one of them, not quite as popular or pretty, but enough so that they let her stick around. I know it doesn't sound like it, but this is a compliment. These girls wouldn't let the MGM Grand hang out with them, and certainly not Treasure Island. But they like the Mirage and invite her to all the cool parties because she's fun and witty in a way they'll never be, but still totally non-threatening because she's an eight and they're totally tens.In fact, what's weird about the Mirage is that she's kind of cool for NOT being the super-hot popular chick. She doesn't drive daddy's BMW Series 3 or wear Manolo Blahniks. She's classy, she's approachable. Nice to the lesser girls and secretly smart -- she's going to Cal Tech this fall on a full scholarship and she doesn't even talk about it. She's athletic instead of bulimic, she can play the trombone, and she once hiked the Pacific Crest Trail. And what are those other girls doing? Indoor tanning to death and getting hammered on wine coolers. They're overpriced, all bling and no substance. The Mirage is easy going and can hang with the boys. In fact, she's coming over today to watch the Super Bowl, she's got money on the Ravens and she's not going to spend the whole time asking what's a two-point conversion and standing in front of the TV while hoovering Diet Sprite and vodka.OMG I JUST REALIZED I LOVE YOU PLEASE MARRY ME MIRAGE!!!
4	Was just here a few weeks ago on a work trip. Hotel was lovely, staff was very friendly, room service always arrived on time, and the hotel was extremely clean! The bed was super comfortable, nothing compared to my own bed of course, but the second best thing! I will definitely be staying here again on another Vegas trip.
4	Pleasantly surprised by the Mirage.  NIcer than I thought from reading the reviews.  Frankly, anything nicer starts getting pretentious.  Place had a nice friendly vibe.  Staff was great, although they don't comp well, but I think all places have cut back. Got a $39 a night weekend rate.  New club 1 oak had plenty of lovely ladies wandering around.  Restaurants were cool.  I see how it's not the best place in town, but it was good and you sensed that they wanted your business.  Wish the dice tables had been a little hotter, but hey.  Seriously, best, wildest dice game in town is right across the street at the Casino Royale.  $3 tables, 20x odds and nobody gets mad when people start hollering and spilling beer. Gets crazy.
1	Just went for Christmas stay -- 4 days. Buffet quality went down the toilet compared to the year before.  it's maybe 10% cheaper than before, but selection and quality took a 50% hit.Was given a strip view, which was nice.  What was not so nice is:  Poker room sucks big time.  Convenience room, with a lame bad beat jackpot system.That and including the 25% comp system on losses?  Used to be 30% before mlife.  Post mlife,  yuck.Lastly, the over the top joke of a resort fee.  Wifi barely worked. It's also unsecured.  Bottle of water complimentary?  I'm not walking 2.4 miles from my room to the front desk to collect a tiny bottle.... you've got to be kidding.Better value to be had by staying elsewhere, which I will be doing next time.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with my recent stay at the Mirage and would gladly stay at this hotel again.LOVES:1) LOCATION: Located on the strip, closer to the North end. As any of you regular Vegas goers know, location is everything!  For this particular Vegas trip the majority of our plans had us at the North end of the strip which made it convenient for us to get around by foot or taxi.  2) FRONT DESK/LOBBY AREA:  I love love love the pretty (and huge) aquarium situated right behind the front desk. It runs the length of the front desk area, so as you're waiting in the long line to check in or check out at least you've got a lovely view of the pretty aquarium to keep you entertained.  3) ROOM RATES: I usually book MGM or the Gold Coast for Vegas trips because of their bargain rates, but when fellow Yelper Ingrid R told me about the good rates at the Mirage I checked it out. Our room rates for our stay were as follows: Fri 12/21   $72Sat 12/22  $72Sun 12/23 $56However, keep in mind as with any other hotel in Vegas the above room rates did not include the daily $25 resort fee nor the 12% room tax.  So including all the fees and taxes the entire stay came to $309. 4) ROOMS: Although me and my boyfriend's room was all the way at the end of the hall, we scored a corner room that was slightly larger than our other friends' rooms and had better views because of the semi wraparound windows. My favorite part about the room was the abundance of mirrors they had, aside from the mirror in the bathroom. As soon as we walked in, I noticed a full length mirror to my left (absolute must have in any Vegas hotel room); the mirrored closet; and a rather large hanging mirror on the wall next to the bathroom door.  Regardless of who was in the bathroom and how long the bathroom was in use, the mirrors came in handy for the other one to still get ready.  Enough about the mirrors lol, the rest of the room was nice: simple modern decor; comfy bed; large flat screen tv; etc. Although the bathroom was pretty small compared to other hotels I've stayed at. 5) BLT: You'll have to read my BLT review for more details, but what a great find and soooooo convenient!!! Good food & awesome shakes!!!  The group of us ended up eating here multiple times during our Vegas trip.  Aside for the small bathroom in our room, there really isn't anything to dislike about the Mirage.  I'm not sure when our next trip to Vegas will be but I'm keeping the Mirage in my list of go-to hotels to stay at.
2	Room Cleanliness D-Valet Parking C-Resort Charge FBathroom Cleanliness D-Location B-Front Desk COverall this hotel was built in 1989, the updates that they have attempted to do are done in poor quality and taste. Unfortunately I rank this place a D+ overall.
4	I was satisfied with The Mirage's lobby and restaurants. Friendly staff and good food.The Volcano is awesome! An excellent show that complements the fountains at the Bellagio nicely. This is one of MGM Resorts' better properties.
4	The Mirage was a wonderful hotel!  The location was absolutely perfect!  It was on the side of the Strip that I felt safest and was located by some cheap eats as well.  Right across the street was a 24 hour Walgreens which we visited every night, there was a Denny's and also a McDonalds.  The staff was friendly, the room was very clean.  I loved the Volcano every night.  It was one of the coolest things I've ever experienced.  They had restaurants inside which we didn't dine at. Overall a great experience!  I'd highly recommend it and would love to visit again!
2	The location of the Mirage is very good.  The casino and public areas did not appeal to me.  Dark, drab, and depressing.  The front desk girl was not friendly, or welcoming.  The gift shop had poor selection, and so over priced.25.00 per day resort fee...what a bunch of nonsense.  Since the pools were closed, what are you paying for? The room was functional and large.  However I wanted a fridge, and a cd player.  The room was clean and housekeeping was attentive.  The TV kept going out, with no signal.  I liked the Starbucks, and Rhumbar-the happy hour Rum Punch not to be missed.  BLT burger was overpriced, cold food with little taste.  Since the rest of the restaurants overlooked the dingy casino, I didn't want to eat at any of them.  The gym was clean, and well stocked with good service.  I guess this covered the resort fee.  I think next time, I will try another hotel.  Liked Caesars and Bellagio.Did I mention they encourage you not to check out, at the front desk.  Of course they charged me for the honor bar.  I sent a email complaint on Monday, 4 days later still no response.
4	I didn't stay here but did take the time to check out the property.  Truthfully, by day 3 the casinos all started to run together and it was hard to tell one from the next.  My husband loved it.  They have a large poker room and he happily spent 3+ hours of his time there.  That left me a lot of time to wander.  I paid to see the dolphins and big cats and got some outstanding pictures and really enjoyed it.  Seeing that it was built as a partnership with the National Aquarium here in Baltimore, I didn't mind spending the $20 to check it out.  It is very well done and it was too fun watching the baby dolphin play.  The casino has a ton of shows, shops and restaurants.  There is not a good convenience store that I could find easily but if you hop the tram to Treasure Island there is a shop right there to find some sundries.
2	The Mirage hotel was fine six weeks ago when I stayed there. What was not fine was the charge on my debit card a MONTH after I left for someone else's services at the Mirage Spa.  How did they get my number?  Oh, when you go there for services they keep your debit card information on file permanently.  Does this not make sense to anyone else???Did they correct it? Yes.  Did it take five days to be placed back in my account? Yes.  Did they blame that on my bank? Yes.  Well guess what, my bank wouldn't have held your refund if you didn't have my card information on file at your spa without telling me.  Am I the only one who thinks it's completely screwed up to keep your guests card information on file at the SPA???  You should tell your customers if you do that, and offer them an option to opt out.  What am I going to do- go crazy and trash your salon?  Why do you need to hold cards of people at a location where the majority of people visit maybe once a year?    I stayed here my first trip to Vegas 12 years ago and have good memories, but I won't stay here again based on the fact that you do this and don't tell people, that your manager avoided my call for half the day, and that your accounting department processed then refunded my transaction instead of cancelling it like I requested when there was still time to process it as a void and cancel it.  So yeah, maybe Vegas doesn't need customer service to get business, but if it keeps me and everyone I know from staying there, or losing a dime there, I've done something right.  Because you cost me stupid time on the phone with the bank, cancelling my card, waiting for a new card, and then calling your hotel getting passed around. All this would have been avoided if you handled it correctly the first time.
4	I spent 3 nights at the Mirage last weekend, and have also visited the Casino on several other occasions. The Mirage is a nice hotel. Rooms are very clean, spacious, and comfortable. The casino is smaller than most of the others on the strip... I personally like that about the Mirage, because it is a little less overwhelming than the other resorts and it is easy to navigate. We had an amazing view from the 23rd floor that looked out over both the strip and the hotel pool/dolphin habitat (we woke up to jumping dolphins!)The pool is beautiful. Went to most of the bars and lounges and it was a good time. Lots of drink specials and relaxed atmosphere. We ran into no problems with check-in or check-out, received several comps and a $75 resort credit, and found everyone to be very friendly and pleasant. The only thing I would say is I wish there were more casual late night dining options. BLT Burger is awesome, but I want some variety. The only other place that's open late is the Carnegie Deli, and it is insanely overpriced (being from New York it was hard to justify spending $25 on a pastrami sandwich). The BEST thing about the Mirage is it's location! It is central on the strip! Close to plenty of public transportation options, but a quick walk to most of the shopping centers, and a breeze to get to most of the other casinos. I would definitely stay here again.
5	This place is the best. I've been there about six or seven times and I don't have any complaints about anything. The suites are awesome. The service is awesome. The experience is awesome. This place is just awesome.
3	Yelp says 2 stars stands for, "Meh. I've experienced better." That pretty much sums it up for me. However, when you factor in the price I paid, this hotel was an ideal pick. +1 star for price to value ratio.___________________________________DATE: Tuesday, December 13, 2011 - Wednesday, December 14, 2011ROOM TYPE: King RoomLENGTH OF STAY: 1 nightRATE: $67.40/night after taxes @ http://hotels.com (Resort fee paid upon check-in.)___________________________________There are so many other nice hotels in Las Vegas that I wouldn't recommend anyone book this unless they were getting a real steal and/or were on a budget.While everything is clearly modern and somewhat newly renovated, there are already some visible scuffs on a lot of the furniture. The rooms are much smaller than many of the other Las Vegas hotels.. though really the part of this hotel that makes me the most sad is the bathroom.Still, when you compare it to hotels like New York-New York or the Paris, this hotel still ranks higher in terms of decor and quality of service.Location is good if you don't mind walking 10-15mins to get to the major casinos/attractions. While there was a time when staying at or around the Wynn/Venetian/Fashion Show Mall was for me, these days I prefer to stay as close to the Cosmopolitan/Aria as possible. The Mirage is conveniently located in between the two.
4	I stayed here during my first trip to Vegas, and I'm surprised to read all negative reviews. I guess it helps that my boyfriend is basically a Vegas veteran and showed me all the other major hotels during our stay. I have to say, aside from the Wynn, I thought The Mirage was definitely one of the nicer hotels. The overall decor of the hotel (lobby, casino, etc.) was very nice -- plenty of places for photo opps. The restaurants were all pretty great (pricey, but that's expected). The staff was friendly. We checked in early. Housekeeping was very thorough and efficient. Other than not having an empty fridge in the room (minus one star), I had a very pleasant stay here. The fire show outside is fun to see. If we had more time, I would've liked to hang out at the hookah bar. This is definitely a good option for a Vegas first-timer.
2	This a letter I sent to Management:I was greatly disappointed with the way I was treated on a recent stay at your hotel. Mywife planned my 60th birthday celebration for me at the Mirage Hotel six months inadvance. We made specific request and were assured that you could accommodateus.We requested: Penthouse Suite, Best view of the Strip, No Smoking and close toelevators.Upon check-in, the Penthouse had a poor view of the strip (mostly highway) and was farfrom elevator. We returned to the registration counter and requested another room withthe same criteria we were promised. We were assigned another Penthouse, howeverupon entering the suite we were overpowered by the stench of cigarette smoke, clearlynot what we wanted. We once again returned to the registration and explained ourdisappointment. We were assigned our third penthouse suite which had a view of thestrip but not a good one. (E-061) The suite could not have been further from theelevators.Buy this time I was very upset and quite frankly, tired of dealing with your staff. Iaccepted the accommodations with contempt. I knew you were no where near fulloccupancy, you could have done better.I brought with me 40 other people all staying at the Mirage Hotel because of me. Iwould have thought you would have treated me with more class and respect.We have stayed at the Mirage in the past, however, I seriously doubt that you or any ofyour sister hotels will be a part of my future.Very Disappointed, former patron,
3	I am a fan of Mirage.  It may not be the best out there, but it def gets the job done.  Its above average in surrounding and amenities and best of all is in the dead center of the strip action.  By far the best bang for your buck.  They have a great pool and restaurant selection, but since you are in the middle of it all, you can always cross the street if you need a little Denny's action.  The only downsides were on the technical operations side.  Of 3 door keys I was issued, only 1 worked part time.  My players card which I had re-issued 4 times during my stay worked like a broken clock when inserting in slots or poker machines.  While not the end of the world.  Def annoying.Mirage is part of the M Life group which runs the loyalty card rating system for their group of hotels.  The comp system is very complicated and stingy.  Loosen your purse strings.   4 days of playing craps a few hours a day and I didn't even get a free lunch?A fridge and/or microwave would be nice in the room as well, not as an extra charge. Banging people out for $28 a day "resort fee should cover the appliances.  Its funny, I wanted to give this place 4 stars but after going over my review, its def a 3.Mirage, if it wasn't for your sweet location......Mirage - In (but not exclamation point in) so semi in.  (that's what she said)
4	This hotel is one of the best hotels I stayed at in Vegas next to Planet Hollywood. I did not like the resort fees but whatever you cant really get rit of it. I would like to stay here again but this time with the pool open. I went in Jan after New Years. It was cold so most pools were not open. My room was nice and the bathroom was okay. No fridge but I heard you can order on just let them know.
3	Not too shabby, not too shabby.  Front desk could use a face lift, I mean oak...really?  Rooms were clean, modern, pool looked busy (never went), staff were polite, and best of all the location was convenient to anywhere on the strip.  Didn't take the tram to TI, but that helps too.  Starbucks in the lobby helps first thing in the morning, and 24 hour Carnegie deli helps too.  So it wasn't fabulous, but it wasn't awful.
4	I didn't stay here, but enjoyed the casino and the Beatles's Cirque show LOVE. Absolutely the best show I have seen in a long long time.
5	i love love LOVED staying at the mirage! here's why. -amazing location. totally central on the strip- easy access to anywhere you'd want to go-the restaurants are great! we ate at the brazilian steakhouse one night and the food was top notch-the pool!! tons of chairs, great music and a really fun atmosphere-shopping- if you need to do it, it's readily available-service is great- no issues with check in/out, and all requests we had were accommodated quickly and efficientlyno, it's not the peak of luxury on the vegas strip, but for me and my girls on a budget, the price, experience and time there was right!
4	This place is pretty awesome!Negative: The rooms can be pretty expensive, and when there are conventions in town, the place can be pretty packed. Sigfried and Roy's Secret Garden was very expensive, and not really worth it. Positive: It is located in an amazing spot on the strip. The pool is amazing, very large and very family friendly.
4	Been to LV many times but first time at the Mirage;  beautiful & CLEAN room with a nice layout, fine casino and a great location.  However I have three minor complaints:1.  There is no quick place to get a bite to eat.  When the casino is busy (Thursday, Friday, Saturday) all restaurants have a line.  Sometimes I just want a hot dog, burger, steak sandwich something you can pick-up and have a seat yourself area.  It's not the money (that's flying out of my pocket anyway) and I'd gladly pay $7.00 for a "special" hot dog or $11.00 for a burger.  Just want it quick.  There is no traditional "coffee shop" either.  The only quick option is an overpriced Turkey & Cheese on dry wheat bread or similar choice with sprouts at Starbucks.  2.  Our room door key card only worked on it's fourth to tenth try.  A helpful bellman told me you need to slide the card in "gently".  It eventually works but a recurring pain in the a**.  The area to replace the card always had a line.3.  On the weekends this hotel seems to attract the cockeyed hat, pants below your a** crowd, along with 20 something girls in skirts the size of band-aids and ridiculous high heels.  Other "better" hotels did not attract this crowd on weekends.  It may have to do with the late night club on the premises and/or who was appearing/happening that particular weekend.  This ain't my crowd but I will admit the girls were interesting!We would stay at the Mirage again, however there are many hotels in The Mirage quality and price point and next trip would mostly likely give another a try.
5	We had another great stay here during March madness.  I have a previous, more detailed review about the room, but again, the room was spacious, clean, and nicely decorated.  We got a free upgrade to a strip view room which was nice.I wish the room door was thicker because we could hear everything from the hallways.  Other than that we love staying here because of the excellent location in the middle of the strip.  And for those who love shopping like me, you are between two malls (no good shopping choices inside the Mirage).  The Forum shops are right next door if you exit through the doors near the sports book and turn right.  The Forum Shops house more high fashion stores than anywhere else in the world.  To the other side of the hotel is the Fashion Show Mall which is fairly close (when you exit through the main doors of the Mirage, turn left, and get on the tram that is near the taxi line and baggage check.  It takes you next door to Treasure Island which is very quick and free.  Then walk across the casino and then across the walkway that goes over the street and you are at the Fashion Show Mall).  It's a regular mall, not as fancy as the Forum shops, but what it does have are department stores which the Forum shops lack like Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Saks, Dillard's, and Macy's.If, for any reason, you want to use the monorail to get to other casinos, just cross the street, walk through and to the back of Harrah's and you'll find the monorail entrance.  It's cheap and safe.The Mirage pool is rather small compared to other pools in Vegas and what was odd was that the chairs are all pushed together so you can't walk between them.  Basically you are hip to hip with the stranger next to you.  And it was full of a young and rowdy crowd.  I reserved a chair at the Oasis pool for $35 at concierge.  It is a pool which is hidden away and tucked to the side of the main pool with a private heated pool and you have to be over 21.  You can still hear the music from the main pool but it's not a wild and crowded scene. Each chair is reserved for the entire day so you can leave and come back and no one will take your chair.  Also, the lounge chairs are more comfortable than the ones at the main pool and have space in between each chair with a table and umbrella.  If it is a really windy day, do NOT open your umbrella.  One lady asked an attendant if it was okay to have hers open in the strong wind and the attendant told her not to worry, that they never fall down.  A few hours later an umbrella DID fall and landed on a woman.  Everyone ran to help her and the manager had to come over to apologize and rectify the situation.  The oasis area never had more than about 25 people and was very peaceful and relaxing. And the service was great.  The attendants were constantly walking around and I never had to wait long for anything.  The food and drinks I ordered were very good.  The Oasis pool is completely worth the $35 if you don't want to be a part of the zoo that is the main pool.Next to the pool, inside the building is a yogurt shop called Blizz which I really liked.  You pick your yogurt flavors and toppings and the price is based on the weight of your creation.  Across from that is a nice coffee shop.  Also we really liked the buffet called Cravings and once we paid they gave us are 2 for 1 coupon for the next visit to the buffet so we had lunch there every day.  We've also eaten at the steak restaurant, Stack, which had very good food, not the best service, and the music got extremely loud in the evening, almost like a club.Even though we've stayed at some other really nice hotels on the strip, we always come back to the Mirage.  You can't beat the combination of location, nice room, oasis pool, and good food options.
3	The Mirage is solid hotel in a great location. I was here for a conference. Here's my two cents: 1) Great location. About a 10-15 minute walk to the Sands Convention Center, Walgreens, the Palazzo/Venetian, etc2) Clean rooms. I had three clean towels, a tidy bathroom, and the non-smoker room was truly a non-smoker room (which can be hard to come by in Vegas!) 3) Awesome gym. They have - no joke - 15-20 treadmills and ellipticals, plus bikes, weights, and so on. I didn't have to wait for a machine at 7 AM or 6 PM either. This is different than Treasure Island, which has about 4 cardio machines total. 4) Cute ambiance. I'm not a huge fan of the 'jungle' theme, but it was nice to see plants and vegetation after being in casino land all day. What I thought could have been better was the check-in - it was honestly a good 20minutes in line to get room keys. I'm also knocking off a star because for slightly higher rates, I think you can get much better quality and splash at other places on the Strip. While nothing was mind-blowing, I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a cost-effective place to stay in a good location.
5	Absolutely love this hotel!  The staff is great there and the casino has every game you want.  Dealers are friendly and make it fun to gamble.  The rooms are cleanly and staff cleans up well.  Lots of restaurants and little shops you can buy things from.  They have a Brazilian steak house which is pretty good if you love meat.  Also tucked in the back corner of the hotel by the all you can eat buffet is a lovely little Italian restaurant which is def a good spot to eat at.  They have a family pool and an adult pool.  Not to mention a safari in the back by the pools as well.  The adult pool is more of a party pool and is topless.  So if your not into that kind of thing I would not go there.  The also have the cirque show which I never been to but heard it was great.  The hotel location is great you can get to anywhere within 5-10 mins.  1 oak nightclub is in the hotel and is a good club to go too.  Esp if you enjoy hip hop they always have talent there.  Enjoy!
4	If you like pina colada...you'll like this hotelThats the smell I experience as soon as I stepped into the hotel.  I happen to enjoy it so from the start I knew I was going to like this place.  We had a free suite comp for the night and it was great knowing that we had our own semi-private elevator section for the suite levels.  Only minor thing was in order to get to all the elevators you had to go on a little trek through the casino.  Would have been nice to have the elevators closer to the front desk and exit to the garage.The suite we had was fantastic.  Great sized living area with an enormous bathroom.  The bed was large and comfortable.  Sadly, we only spent one night there.  Was definitely an upgrade from other rooms at other hotels.  The one thing I noticed about the Mirage is they really support their performing acts.  We went to see the Beatles Love and Beatles music encompassed the entire casino.  Boyz II Men were also performing and there was tons of their music and pictures around the hotel.  They proudly display their performing artists.  Had a great experience here and would highly recommend.
3	We stayed here for our first trip to Vegas because we had kids with us and it was presented as a more "family friendly" place to stay. The hotel rooms are clean, large enough for our family of four and the maid staff cannot be beat. The beds are little pieces of heaven and it was hard to get out of them in the morning. We ordered room service twice and while the price is high (of course, it is room service), the portions were large and the food tasty. The walls in the rooms are a little thin, which is okay if the person in the next room is taking a shower but not okay at 1am when the drunk girl in the hall is yelling for her friends. You can tell the hotel is a bit older but you can't beat the location and the price. I didn't have much luck in the casino, but I hardly believe that was the fault of the Mirage. The only drawback was the one show we wanted to see, "Love" was dark that week. We drowned our sorrows in the gift shop and by posing at the Beatles wall, but we will be back to see that show.
4	Mirage is a good solid Vegas hotel and works for my Family.  We've tried a few others. It's in a good location.  Go on the tram, you're in TI and next to TI is the Mall.  Cross the street and there's Harrah's, Venetian, McDonald's, and Walgreens.  Go the other direction and you are right next to Ceasar's.  These are Vegas blocks, the lengths of hotels, but faster than getting in your car and driving over, and definitely cheaper than a taxi.  Their pool closes at 6 pm, but it's more shaded than Trump, Aria, and Venetian.  We order food to go from Carnegie Deli & BLT and enjoy it in our room. Cravings Buffet is a little more expensive  than TI and Harrah's, but good for a buffet.  They also have a Starbucks, another coffee place with pastries, and a frozen yogurt place.  Our rooms have always been clean.  There's a small counter space/shelf along half the wall, with drawers underneath, a flat screen tv set on top, and a table/desk.   On the side is a mid-size dresser with a lamp, dresser is big enough for a coffee machine and miscellaneous.   They are also part of mlife players club.
4	We has a one bed suite and really enjoyed it. Huge space in the suite. Very sleek.Speedy check in and check out.They also have a fair amount of restaurant options there.The casino had fairly reasonable minimums and a very youthful crowd. I really enjoyed the stay and would come back.
3	The good:1.  Renovated room2.  Awesome bed3.  Central location on the strip4.  Good pool.5.  Gambling is decent with plenty of $10-15 blackjack tables.The bad:1.  Weak water pressure in shower2.  Poorly draining tub3.  Slow wi-fi4.  Bad buffet
4	That's cool. Had a wonderful experience in Mirage! Nice beds... Nice people!
5	I am going to give 5 stars to The Mirage because of how they have managed to combine such a solid location on the strip with affordable rooms and a clean atmosphere. I made the switch from the Venetian/Palazzo later last year because I wasn't being taken very good care of anymore there after years of expensive stays and thousands spent in gambling and food. I took my money to the Mirage and immediately I was very happy with the change. It is not super upscale like the Palazzo, but I find everything at the Mirage that I would need or want. They have taken great care of me in my recent stays. I have a trip coming up soon, and I'm looking forward to hitting Gold card status there that first night!
1	POUNDING music in our room in the middle of the night.  2nd floor, right above the club?  Staff unconcerned.
4	Used to be a cheesy place but now it's classy and centrally located. It's rather affordable too!
1	BED BUGS...BEWARE. Infested and never reported.
3	Really enjoy this hotel overall. The staff is friendly and professional, the gym is decent, they have some good pools on property, neat volcano, and some decent eats. I have stayed here twice now. The rooms are updated and fairly modern. The prices are not terrible. My only qualm on my last stay is the cleaning lady forgot to 'clean' one day, then the second day it seemed as though not a whole lot was done to the room other than making the beds. Dirty cups were left behind, the floor did not seem vacuumed, etc. Also had to request for more towels since those were not refreshed either. Hmph. I also like it's location on the strip. Across the street from Venetian and within walking distance to all the great stops. Didn't get much of a chance to use the casino here but it's decent. The Beatles LOVE show plays here....there's a candy store...burger joint...Starbucks (thank goodness)...cafe, and many more eats ranging in all different prices. Their outdoor patio/bar Rhumbar is also quite nice. Hookah, cigars, music, and drinks...can't go wrong!
1	The only reason I am giving them 1 star is because there Valet staff are thieves and very very rude, they stole chips from out of my car, when I came back and asked them about it they simply told me to park some where else and not to park valet... I wish I knew there name so I could put it on here....
2	You don't get much for your player card status at Mirage . Wi-Fi Internet access in the hotel room is terrible; which you are paying for with a resort fee.
5	I've stayed at the Mirage a couple of times now and I must say I love it.  No, it's not the Wynn or Palazzo but it doesn't have the Wynn or Palazzo prices either.  Here's a quick run down:*Bare:  awesome, between a typical pool experience and a crazy encore beach club experience.  Crazy enough to be fun but chill enough at the same time.*Regular Pool:  Solid, good size, nice foliage, drinks could be stronger.*Casino:  Good, not great.  A little dark but does the trick.*Shows:  All are beyond good.  Saw Love, Bill Burr, and Wayne Brady.  I'd recommend all in a heart beat.  I like that they nearly always have a great comedian performing.  *Rooms:  I've stayed in Tower Suite and Tower Deluxe.  Tower Suite is baller and the Tower Deluxe is worth the upgrade.  Only difference in deluxe vs standard is the bathroom, but the double vanity and separate bath and shower make a huge difference, especially if you are with your lady.*Volcano: First time up close and personal, it was quite the spectacle.  From our room we could hear the Bill Weir soundtrack and feel the explosions on the windows.*Service:  This is where they separate themselves.  We had some majorissues on our first go round and their front desk manager Luis did everything he could to make things right.  I must say they train their management well, Luis couldn't have been more professional.  He invited my gf and I back out at a discounted rate and took great care of us.  He didn't have to but he arranged all our reservations while on our trip and even gave us a resort credit.  It made it so I didn't feel so bad donating my savings account to the craps table.  All and all it was a fantastic trip, thanks Mirage.
5	- Free volcano show and to walk in to their lobby/atrium with tropical plants.- Great location next to TI and across from the Palazzo.- Fancy hotel and part of the MGM group so you can earn/use comps at sister properties.
1	Fourth time staying here and the last two visits have seen this place REALLY go downhill.  I'm currently standing outside my third room since yesterday to write this.  While staying here for a meeting, I've yet to get a room with decent WiFi (for which you pay an EXTRA resort fee!!) and a call to their Internet service technician produced a rude person who proceeded to criticize my equipment rather than look into actually fixing the problem with weak WiFi.  TVs also in poor working condition in each room.  Get to the pool by 8 AM if you want a chair because there aren't enough by mid morning, forget it.
3	A lot of people love the Mirage... I'm not a big fan. I like it there. It's okay. It's in a decent location, it has some good restaurants, some bars and other things, it just doesn't tickle my fancy much. Maybe it's the middle-aged vibe? It feels older. The crowd is older and everything seems a little worn out.
2	THIS REVIEW IS STRICTLY FOR THE CASINO:Came here to gamble with some friends.  We joined their players club and played on some slots.  One of the things I noticed was the crappy service from the cocktail waitresses.  They would pass you on by without even asking if you needed something.  But when you finally did flag someone down, they would take your order and never come back!!  It was really frustrating.  I waited a good 20 minutes or so and I finally realized she wasn't coming back with my drink.  I finally gave up and realized the only drink I was going to get was the one that was sitting in my hotel room.  Slots seemed pretty tight here too.  Kept putting money in, with little to no return.  Don't think I will be back.
1	This hotel needs to work on their communication skills and customer service.  They have thee worst fees ever.  I've never checked into a hotel and had to pay for my whole stay plus a deposit until I came here.  That's like going to a restaurant and paying for your meal before you receive your food.  Well maybe The Mirage is like a fast food restaurant instead a 5 star restaurant.  If I knew I was going to get fast food service from them I would have never stayed.
2	M LIFE COMP SUCKS!!!!  Now the hotel is actually a great place to stay! The problem I have with this place is the casino and the lack of comp credits you are given! This mostly applies to table games or when you eat at any of the restaurants within the premises. Somethings I noticed is that when you sit a table and you present your players card the dealer will take your card and hold onto it instead of notifying the Pit Boss of an incoming player. The dealer also doesn't announce when you are changing in a few hundred dollars for chips unlike a lot of other casino's. In my opinion the whole M-Life comp system just seems like one big scam! I realize that all of these comps are scams only to get you to play, but when a company like MGM will purposely single out players who aren't to their standards and someone like myself is only changing a couple of hundred isn't good enough for them to get me comped, then this place can go and kiss my a@*!!! Going forward, I will just play with companies like Boyd Gaming since they are generous with their comps. While some of the rooms may not be as nice, but seriously who goes to Vegas for a room unless you are a whale and get a suite. The purpose of your visit is to gamble, eat at some of the best restaurants, hit the clubs and watch a show if anything.
2	Been staying here since Steve Wynn built it.  Always been my fav.Gotta say, out last visit in May, wasn't too happy.  Staff is getting a little grumpy especially bartenders at Sportsbook Bar.   Our room! Oh, our room.  We got back to our room late so went to bed kinda in the dark.  Got up the next morning to discover our sheets looked someone drove a truck across them.  We called to complain (3times).   NEVER once did we get a return call, or even have anyone who even cared.  THAT'S not the a mirage I knew.Love the pool, and Stack is still one of my Vegas faves.But come on Mirage, lets show some customer  service,  and start hiring casino hosts who aren't complete dicks!
4	I always wanted to stay at The Mirage, and I finally did on my last visit.  It's not the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in, but it's still pretty nice.  The regular rooms are a very decent size, are modernly decorated, have nice beds, all the TV/WiFi stuff, a big bathroom and an acceptable shower -- all things I look for in a hotel that I'm paying over $100 on a Tuesday night in April (aka, more than a lot of other hotels in the area). I LOVED their pool.  The bars here were also cool - I really liked the look of Revolution; The Beatles bar that is in the casino, but we didn't have a chance to check it out. We did brunch at their in-casino buffet, and it was just okay too.
4	I Love this place... They're slowly working on the remodel.It can only get better
1	Holy shit, do NOT stay at the Mirage if you're at all interested in getting some sleep or wanting to hang out at the pool.  This place has gone way downhill since we've last stayed there 6 years ago.  We first stayed in a suite with two separate baths years ago and it was really pretty decent even though they were undergoing renovations, but man, the room we got this weekend was so noisy we left Vegas drained.  The doors have about an inch gap at the bottom and they're not even solid doors, so sounds from drunk ass people talking in the hallways transmitted into our room like they were inside.  The center doorpanel is constructed of some stupid shutter-like design, and along with the gap at the bottom of the door, there was no way we couldn't hear everything going on outside our doorway at all hours of the morning.  The pool was small in comparison to other hotels on the Strip and it was way overpacked in the afternoons with drunk ass people.  Lawn chairs were stacked 3 deep along the perimeter of the pool, with so little room to even walk around that it wasn't a pleasant experience whatsoever.  Pay a little more and upgrade yourself to the Venetian, Palazzo or Aria and leave the riff-raff to stay at the Mirage.  Wynn needs to burn the Mirage down and re-build fresh.  The 'hoes' were plentiful at the Mirage if that's any indication...wow...what a mistake to stay there, but NEVER AGAIN.  Food was nothing to write home about, especially the brunch and the slots were so tight they squeaked everytime you walked by.  We left and walked across the street to spend most of our time at the Venetian, checked out a great show, HUMAN NATURE singing Motown Hits....don't miss them, they are awesome.
4	This is a great hotel in an excellent location and everything is clean but there are a bunch of tiny little things that make it not perfect. 1. The shower: the water is instantly hot and the bathroom is clean but the hotel room is like a sauna after someone takes a shower because there is no fan. 2. The room doesn't have adequate light. Even with all the lights on it's not bright enough to read and it feels dark and depressing.3. The bed is amazing! The location is the best on the strip and the staff are all very friendly and make you feel very welcome. There is some minor remodeling going on so it's on the road to improvement. When we come back to Vegas there is a 100% change we will stay here.  The pool is one of the best on the strip but get there right when they open if you want shade.
5	Went to Vegas on April 1st as My partner's birthday is on March first and mine is May first and we both thought it would be a fun way to celebrate. We arrived at the Mirage by taxi and were greeted by the doorman before getting in line to check in. the wait was standard, the line was fairly long (about 50 people) but went fast as the hotel had enough employees at check-in to accommodate everyone in a timely manner. Margo checked us in and was friendly, personable, and professional. She asked how my day was going and we started chatting while in the process of getting checked in. I mentioned to her that we were visiting Vegas for both of our birthdays and because my partner just turned 21. and she told us that she would send something up to the room for us for our birthdays (which we received later that afternoon)  she asked about my room reservation to confirm the type of room and then handed us our room keys and told us where to find the elevators while also mentioning that she had taken the liberty to give us a complimentary upgrade to a tower suite. She also instructed us that if there was anything the hotel could to make our trip a little better not to hesitate to ask as they wanted to make sure we were enjoying our stay. Awesome customer experience and she clearly understands top-notch customer service.As far as the hotel goes, the amenities are on the high end of standard and the facilities are clean, the pool is nice and the nighttime volcano show is pretty cool, especially if you get to see it from your room. While this hotel is not luxury compared to some of the other much more expensive hotels on the strip, it is still very nice for a weekend getaway and the rooms are affordably priced. None the less I enjoyed my stay and will be back as I have plans to return in JulyIn terms of vegas hotels I would give the Mirage a 3.5 - 4 star rating however because of the high level of customer service I received and also the hotel in comparison to most non-vegas hotels, I decided to award this review 5 star.I enjoyed my stay and will return as I have reservations booked for July.
3	i went the past weekend for my birthday i was somewhat disappointed in the hotel. I've been to vegas 4 times now. The price i paid was decent since i got a deal from southwest, but i thought the hotel would of been better compared to when i stayed at planet hollywood. I was definitely wrong. Here's a few things that i liked about the hotel. I loved the aquarium, the flowers, the variety of restaurants in the hotel even thought they were pricey. i wasn't afraid to spend money. i loved the pool it was huge and gorgeous! but you have to get there early or its hard to find an empty lounge chair if you have a few ppl in your group. free drinks when you're gambling i'm sure everyone knows that.i was disappointed that the pool closed at 7, and i'm sure it bc its a huge pool thats prob the reason. (there would prob have to be quite a few staff to watch out) i was disappointed in the bathroom size. i had a tower king room? the bathroom was tiny! i thought it would of been nicer than PH. so i figured i should stop comparing, but this room didn't even have a coffee maker. I asked for hot water and they were about to charge me 4$! or $10 for a kettle. I had a 252$ spa serv for a massage, mani & pedi. Great ppl very professional. The masseuse i had wasn't that great i expected better since it was at a hotel AND gratuity was included... can't remember if it was 18/20% the lady who did my nail was nice & great at conversing, but didn't realize she filed one of my nails too much! so my nail was slanted looking. i was pissed! but i didn't say anything because it was too late. when i checked out the i told the lady and she asked if i wanted to tell the lady about it... i was thinking no theres no point since she filed my nail already. i obv said it trying to think that they would do something for me like a discount or a small gift. couple days later the color on the edge of my nails came off! didn't even last a week, and i wasn't even doing anything but enjoying my bday weekend in vegas! ( i had a better spa experience at the WESTIN)the carnegie: the food is pricey and it is decent but large portion. its great that it is open 24 hrs. the coffee tasted like water and the bagels were hard as brick. we were craving breakfast i should of just went to the buffet! lol but we slept in...the blt burger was pricey, but prob the best burger i had in awhile. SO TASTY! it was cool that this hotel had quite a few shops like froyo, candy store, tattoo shop, sport shop, watch, and etc. i would not come back to stay at the mirage. It is a nice location somewhat in the middle. the place got the dim theme going on. even the room the lights are ALL dim. it drove me nuts especially if i was trying to look at something if it was the day time i would of have to open the blinds. it bugged me bc i wanted privacy
5	I loved my stay here,  comfortable beds and pillows. Friendly service and we had a great view of the strip.
5	I'll give a more extensive update after, but...the Sandwich tip worked again!  $20 between the Driver's License and the credit card when you hand it over to the Front Desk clerk and ask for an upgrade and Voila!..they upgrade my room that was already comped.  So far has worked every time.Very nice room that includes a huge bathroom with a Jacuzzi tub, shower, and double sink.  More later.
5	Great rates excellent  dealers, Have been staying at the Mirage for over 19 years. Still feels comfortable.Does need some upgrading.
5	The Mirage is my go-to spot in Vegas for most of my trips. The main reason is because for some reason unbeknownst to me, The Mirage keeps giving me awesome free stuff. Once, I got two nights free in the middle of March Madness and recently I got another night free plus $100 of resort credit. When I don't get free stuff, the rates through Mlife are ridiculously cheap! Now, I am sure you have heard of these perks given to high rollers and such. Let me assure you I am none of that!! Besides the awesome deals, I really like the rooms - Spacious and comfy. Extra points for not having obnoxious carpets in the hallway!!
4	The location is great since its very centrally located. Rooms are nice. $25 restort fee.
5	Stayed in a beautiful 2 bedroom suite! Amazing view, great VIP service. Staff was friendly. Had a great time. I took my children this time so I didn't get to 'do' Vegas so we stuck to the pool frozen yogurt shop, sugar factory, and room service.  I would definitely suggest staying here in a suite. The only thing was there was a party going on in one of the suites and there was house music bumping Til about 5 am but it's Vegas what are you gonna do? So I didn't feel the slightest bit guilty when my 6 month old woke up screaming like an eagle! payback, right?! Anyway, Great service, view, restaurants looked great but again I had the kids and their palates are not refined like this momma so no way was I going to take them to a fancy schmansy place to eat. All in all great time. Be back soon to have some adult fun!
4	First off - I've never been inside of the Mirage, I've simply been to the volano show out front. It's a perfect stop for any out-of-towners who are visiting. The jungle sounds are a little whacky, but it's a great way to let you know that you're about to be wowed, momentarily. I love the combination of fire and water, the volcano is fun and first timers get a huge kick out of it. I love that it's just a little peek of how Vegas loves to wow its guests :)
1	Here on business so probably not  important guest. No tv remote in room. Was sleeping at 9:30 pm when maintenance woke me up with loud knock about a service call for shower I supposedly made. I said I didn't call you and sent him away  and checked and sure enough my shower was in parts. Called manager who said the guy would b right back. I shared I was sleeping and he said I could have put do not disturb sign up. I was like ok but then I wouldn't have a shower. 1.5 hours after being awakened I am still being forced to stay awake to wait for repair so I can shower before business meeting in am . I mean who assumes it is ok to not tell a guest there is broken shower in room when u check in and thinks isnok for guest to wait until wee hours of morning to get working shower for hotel room u r paying for. Not a good hotel for biz. I think showers are standard part of room you pay for ans no guest should be woken up and asked to stay up until midnight so they can have shower at 6 am in morning; maintenance showed up at 12:24 a.m (yes it is NOW AM the next day) and is working on it ...........so the mirage asked me to choose cleanliness - getting a shower head - over sleep for my biz trip - NOT OK - clearly not enough staff - again - who puts guest in a room without a shower ?seriously.
2	The hotel is very dated. Some of the dealers are super rude! The taxi line attendant was very rude. Won't stay there again!
4	For some reason people have the idea that this hotel isn't nice? This hotel has great rooms! Everything is modern and beautiful and the rooms are crazy cheap. The downstairs lobby and food isn't anything amazing in my opinion but the rooms are great. I have a few select hotels I will stay in Vegas and this is one of them. I've been to most hotels and this one is probably one of the best for it's price.
3	This past weekend I booked a surprise birthday trip to the Mirage for my fiance's 28th birthday. We had a group of 4 -- 3 girls, 1 boy.ROOM: The room was very spacious!  For 4 people we had more than enough space and never felt crowded. We were located on the 8th floor, right next to the vending machine. I can see where most people would think this is annoying, but we loved it --we frequently wanted ice, sodas, etc. The halls got a little loud late at night, but it was no bother to us since we were usually up late having fun anyway. The bathroom was pretty small. The sink area was very nice, but the tub/shower combo was a little dated. I would give the room a 5/5.CASINO: I was a little disappointed with the casino. It was dark and dull. The dealers were great and friendly and the cocktail waitresses were very prompt. Maybe I'm bitter because I lost all my money! But honestly, I would prefer to gamble at the other casinos. the vibe here was a little tired. I would give the casino a 3/5. POOL: The pool itself was fabulous! Its large with lots of chairs and space in the sun!  Our group had a relatively easy time finding 4 chairs all together, even on the busy weekend days. The cocktail waitresses were friendly, beautiful and prompt. Drinks were typical Vegas price, $50 for 8 beers, $20 for a blended drink. I give the pool a 5/5.CON #1: We were charged for multiple 'snacks' in the room that we did not use. This is due to them being on a sensor and them being touched or bumped around. I understand and appreciate the convenience of the snacks, but this was a little annoying. As I was using express checkout I noticed the charges, called the front desk and the attendant took the charges off the bill, no questions asked, very helpful. I tried to express checkout again but now I was getting an error to call the front desk and verbally checkout. In the end, the staff was very friendly and everything was corrected.CON#2: \One day as our group was sitting by the pool, one of the staff members/promoters for BARE approached the group of 3 girls next to us to invite them to come into the lounge. The group of 3 explained they actually had a large group, 12 girls, and asked if they could all get a spot inside. The staff member/promoter then asked the girls if there were any 'bigger girls' in their group, because he probably wouldn't be able to get them in for free, they would have to pay. He also then explained that its not uncommon for a group of good-looking girls to get turned away from 1 OAK nightclub if they had a 'bigger girl' in their party, or they would ask the 'bigger girl' to leave. I understand this may be a common practice at a lot of clubs, but I was shocked at the staff member's lack of discretion. The group of girls, along with everyone in my group, were stunned. The girls declined their invitation to BARE. My group also changed our plans to go to 1 OAK that night. Manners go a long way and maybe some of the staff members/promoters need a refresher.
4	I seem to get more MLife comps at the Mirage and at first I didn't like this place but it has grown on me and now I dig it.Location is great you can walk to Caesars or Venitian/Palazzo in minutes. Casino seems dark and smallish but I have won here three times.Pool is nice and good drink service.Buffet is decent, not the best but good for a trip.Aces of Comedy...seen Tosh, Lewis Black, and Ron White....hilarious!Beatles show is also pretty cool.Stack steak house is amazing.
5	Mario is a great manager at the mirage.  We had a problem where we made a mistake with the booking dates for our suite, he made sure that we were taken care of and made the interaction more human.  Thank you Mario for help, and because of you, I will be staying at the Mirage every time I go to Las Vegas!  The staff there is amazing, and they have made me a devout client.  Mirage, please keep people like this employees at your hotel.  Thank you so much for a great weekend! (June 21-24 Will never forget)
5	This review is about the private cabana rentals at the pool.  The cost is $400 and you get it from 10am-6pm.  They are randomly assigned but I was adamant that I wanted my cabana at the quiet Oasis Pool so had it approved by the pool manager, Amanda, who only allowed it because it was a weekday.  If you want to be part of the wild zoo that is the main pool, there are lots of cabanas over there, but the Oasis Pool is very peaceful and never crowded and everyone has to be over 18.  To rent a chair at the oasis pool, it's $35.The cabanas are spacious and have a really great fan which keeps the heat at bay.  Even better, there are misters at the front of the cabana and near your lounge chairs which you can turn on or off that kept of us from dying of the 104 degree heat.  The fridge is stocked with complimentary water bottles and soda, a fruit plate, and a cheese plate with very nice selections.  You also get a basket that has crackers, candy, chips, and other snacks.  There's a flat screen tv with lots of channels, 3 really comfortable lounge chairs outside the cabana, 2 sofas inside, a table, and you also get complimentary pool floats. Bring your own sunscreen because it was $17 at the pool.You can order from three different menus and the food is brought right to your cabana.  Late in the afternoon an attendant walked around and handed out a very tasty pineapple sorbet.  The only complaint we had was that the service was awful.  The people renting chairs at the oasis pool had constant service but we, who paid $400, only saw an attendant every 2 hours or so and every time we asked for something like more water bottles, it took forever to arrive.  Despite the terrible service, we really enjoyed our cabana.
2	Customer service is very disappointing.  Expected a little more from Mirage.  Probably will not stay again.  Room request completely ignored.  Drink service on gaming floor was non existant even after talking with supervisor to get someone over to our area. An hour past with no drink server.  Ridiculous, this was on a Monday.  Had my reservation jacked up and had me checking out a day before I was supposed to.  Just not what I expected from an upscale Hotel & Casino.  Overall, not that good of an experience.  Guest service needs some serious improvement.
4	Stayed at the mirage this past weekend for edc and had a great experience here. Rooms were neat and well organized, and we had plenty of complimentary toiletries for the little things we accidentally forgot to pack.My girl checked us into our room and was given a strip view deluxe room. The lady who was checking us in was totally sweet and offered us water and directed us to where our room was on a map of the hotel. Throughout our stay the maid service employees were extremely accommodating to us when we asked for extra towels, toilet paper, and other items. The only downfall I would say was that we had to call the front desk each day when we wanted our room cleaned and serviced. They forgot about us one day, but immediately fixed the problem when we called about it. Overall, I would stay in this hotel again. Yes, there are better hotels on the strip to stay at, but for the price and what we got. I was satisfied.
4	Getting bored with Aria, my wife and I wanted to stay within the MGM group and try a new hotel. We have a goal to stay in every place on the strip in our lifetime. Bellagio was naturally the first choice, but I didn't have any offers for the property. The Mirage offered 2 comp nights and $150 in freeplay. Sounds like a winner! Booked through VIP services with ease, and anxiously awaited our trip.We arrived Friday night around 8:30 pm. Our room was ready, and no upgrades were available. The friendly front desk agent heeded our requested room/bed preferences, we were given our keys, and off we went.The room itself was a standard deluxe room, and altogether not overly impressive. It was, however, clean and comfortable. Well decorated with good lighting, an oversized lounge chair, and a desk with 2 chairs. The bathroom was tiny in comparison to most newer hotels we have visited, but this is a minor complaint. The electronics cluster above the desk was an unexpected perk. I should have done more research and noted it earlier, I would have brought an HDMI cable to watch Netflix on the 40" (estimated) flat screen TV. A cable connection kit is offered in the mini bar, should you be so inclined to purchase one. I was not. The bed was very comfortable, although this is a subjective opinion of someone who has a modern day torture rack to sleep on at home. Your opinion may vary, but I don't think anyone could say it was bad.On to the casino. The casino floor layout is a confusing one, and we never really got our bearings as the weekend went on. A good mix of slots and denominations. The lowest tables were at a $10 minimum for the most part. We had no problem finding our favorites, or a new machine to try out. All the dealers we encountered were very friendly. Cocktail service in the slots was hit or miss, but lay out a decent tip on your first round, and you'll get good attention from the server in your area. You're not paying for those drinks, so why not? A 5 spot for 2 drinks seemed to do the trick.We had room service for breakfast on both Saturday and Sunday. The food arrived in under an hour hot and delicious. On Sunday, the poached eggs on my Benedict were overcooked, but I was so hungry I didn't care and powered through it. Saturday night, we tried BLT Burger. Moderately priced and decent, but really not worth elaborating beyond saying it was OK.All in all, a good visit. Disappointed we did not get the chance to check out the pool due to the ridiculous heat this particular weekend, where temps soared to 117 degrees, but it gives us something to look forward to when we return...
4	I have been to The Mirage many times over the last couple of years. I usually have discounted rooms through my Mlife players card. For the prices I get with my Mlife account, the rooms are great. I don't know if I'd pay the full price (when they are sometimes $200+ a night) for the rooms though. The location is great, the rooms are modern and very nice but a bit small for the standard rooms. The beds are very comfy. The TVs are perfect size for the room and come with more than enough channels to keep you entertained. There has only been once that I've had an issue with the hotel - it was with housekeeping - and the front desk manager fixed the problem right away and made me feel appreciated. The Mirage is my go-to hotel in Vegas. I am here anywhere between 8-10 times a year and I have stayed all over the strip - from hotels like Bally's, Aria, Treasure Island, Palazzo, etc. and the Mirage has the right mixture of comfort and price to keep me coming back.
4	Stayed here pre-July 4th, during huge heat wave in Vegas.  Had a great experience, once again.***PROS:- Located in middle of the Strip, very convenient to almost everything- Smaller than some other casino-hotels..easy to get around.  Pool is just a short walk from room elevators (unlike MGM Grand and others, where you have to walk 90 miles to the pool).- ALL the employees we encountered-- cocktail servers, dealers, maids, check in, etc. were super friendly, nice, helpful, made us feel "at home".- Great price for what we get there- Plants/trees on the grounds are so pretty.  Love the pool: no gimmicks like a floating river, just a nice pool, with beautiful grounds, and wonderful chilled water coming over the waterfalls, which made it so refreshing even though it was 118 degeees!!!- Nice restaurants:  Calif. Pizza Kitchen has excellent pizza; Love the Burger joint, and also the Carnegie Deli (yum! sandwiches are HUGE!!).  ***CONS:- Room was so very BIG, but bathroom was TINY! I wish they'd taken 3 or 4 feet off the huge, waste of space room, and made the bathroom bigger- Hardly ever saw $5 craps.  So I didnt' play!  HATE the new automatic video craps machines.. air horn sounds, bells, yuck. Want the social interaction of playing craps at the tables.. but even at 10am on a Tuesday am-- no $5 tables.  And at night, the one $10 table had 90 people crowded around it (no space to join in), but two $25 tables were empty and quiet.  WHY? - Nice "casual" restaurants, but no really NICE, super restaurant.  But soon a new steakhouse to open, will that fill the bill?Overall, very nice experience, made us happy.  Good choice for a place to stay.  Actually prefer it to Mandalay Bay, Bellagio and MGM.
4	I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by The Mirage.  While not as nice as some other places I've stayed, it was every bit the equal of MGM Grand and much better than Luxor.  Really booked here because of the location on the strip and the rate I was able to get and wasn't expecting much more than A-OK, which would have been A-OK with me.Mirage exceeded expectations in most every way (except the Cravings Buffet - gross for bfast).  The room was clean and fairly spacious and the maid service was friendly and took care of things the way you would expect on a daily basis.  The casino had plenty of table games so it was easy to find a seat for Blackjack and, like any casino these days, TONS of slot choices.  The location is great in terms of walking distance to Caesars, Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian and others which was a plus given the record 116 degree heat while we were there.One of our favorites was the pool.  Lots of lounge chairs so we were able to find a spot both days we went, plenty of booze options including servers walking by frequently and, we wound up partying with a great group of folks from Houston all day on Saturday which made things even more fun.I wasn't expecting to say this when I booked but, I would come back to Mirage!
5	This is s my all time favorite hotel. Mlife has me as a lifetime customer now. I used to always stay at Caesars properties until staying here. The staff is just amazingly friendly and helpful.  The view from out room was of the strip and the volcano.  The room itself was oure luxury.  I do not have a single bad thing to say about this property.  Love it
2	Wow, what happened to this place? Used to be a class act, but now its sort of dirty.  Machines malfunction, bars are sloppy kept.  Staff is decent but not overly professional.  There are better places to stay and play.
4	Got a double queen room for two people. We were on the 14th floor facing away from the strip. The room itself was very clean and very modern. It was only 85 bucks but an additional 25 was added for a resort fee (not sure what that is about). Everything was pretty good the only cons I had was the fridge was fully stocked with crap for sale and I couldn't keep my own stuff cool for my road trip. Lastly, the rooms aren't very sound proof so I had the early wake up call of the overly zealous women in the connecting room.  I would stay again.
5	Stayed here for the first time in 8 years. What a surprise. The Hospitality Suites are amazing, customer service amazing, Cravings Buffet outstanding and the pool area is just awesome. Restaurants and service were great, location on strip was perfect.Great improvements and upgrades since our last visit.We stayed for 2 nights then moved over to Mandalay Bay for 3 nights. Wish we would have stayed here all 5 days. Mandalay Bay was a big disappointment.
5	I don't know why this casino only has 3.5 stars! We had a staycation at The Mirage to celebrate my husband's 30th birthday, and we enjoyed every moment. First, the registration line, amidst being 4 lengths long, moved very fast and the employees running registration were friendly, personable and an all around joy.Since we were local, they waived the resort fee (WHAT?!?) and then sent my husband a small dessert plate with a three different pastries since it was his birthday! The pool? Clean, open until 8 (much later than other pools on the Strip), great vibe, delicious drinks and a 21+ pool which we love.The Mirage doesn't smell like smoke all the time, has a lot of different table games and slot machines, and I loved the layout of the entire casino. The food options in The Mirage are not lacking in the yummy factor. Carnegie Deli makes every taste bud in my mouth water with their corned beef, and their pastrami omelette is happiness. I loved that omelette because it wasn't greasy at all and had the perfect amount of pastrami in it to make me feel like I was eating breakfast at their NY location. My parents split their sandwich, and I would suggest you do too because it is larger than the size of your head! STK Burger? I've never had anything at this restaurant that was mediocre. They are GF friendly, and during the winter their chili makes me feel like I'm at home wrapped up in my blanket watching movies with my hubby on the couch. Every burger my husband has eaten makes that man smile like he is the king of the world. You will not be disappointed!Between the location of The Mirage on the Strip, the cleanliness, the customer service, the food and the overall environment, you can't go wrong at The Mirage.
4	For the annual raver pilgrimage to Electric Daisy Carnival every year, it is always a coin toss to see where I should book a room to call home for a couple days in Vegas. Luckily, as soon as the dates were released for the festival, I immediately turned to the discounted room deals through Insomniac. From the price to the accommodations, and everything in between, I couldn't have asked for a more perfect place to stay at for our party filled weekend.As we arrived, I loved that the awesome girl checking us in was super sweet and actually excited for guests to be going to EDC. After chatting it up with her about the weekend, she was kind enough to upgrade us to a pimp status room overlooking the volcano show right on the strip at no additional cost. The entire hotel was taken over by the fellow masses attending EDC, so noise complaints weren't even in existence, because every floor had some type of party music bumping until the wee hours of the morning. Also, every floor was 420 friendly and even the staff wasn't tripping, because they had their massive industrial size air fresheners going. A couple things that did take a star away from a near-perfect experience include: the hallways leading to the rooms being ridiculously cold and you have to call ahead to get your room serviced. Overall, this hotel is definitely a great place to call home when you're staying in Vegas. Not only would I stay here again for EDC, but definitely when I return to the City of Sin.
5	Here for Wella convention. LOVE this hotel!! Pool nice Rooms great!!
2	The Mirage used to have one of the best casinos on the Las Vegas Strip.  They offered great games and plenty of tables.  Now, however, they offer mostly sucker bets that cater to dumb tourists.Most depressing is how most of the blackjack at Mirage is no longer full pay, 3:2.  Instead Mirage is now peddling sucker blackjack that only pays 6:5.  If you bet $10 and get a blackjack, you're supposed to get paid $15 (3 to 2), not $12 (6 to 5)!  By reducing the payout at their blackjack tables, the house advantages goes up by over $300%! MGM properties used to offer high quality rooms and a great gamble.   Now they're turning into tourist traps full of sucker bets.  The casinos now cater to dumb tourist who don't understand what they're playing.Stay away from 6:5 blackjack!!  It's for losers.
3	An older hotel, with very little updating.However, it's a convenient location at the very middle of the strip.An okay place to visit if you're a tourist, but there's a lot of other nicer and more up-to-date hotels.
5	When I usually visit Vegas, I stay at The Bellagio. So as I started planning this trip, I figured I would break from tradition and try The Mirage. Given that check in time is 3pm and I had an 8:30 flight from Memphis, I hoped that I could check in before that time. When I walked into the lobby, I felt as if I was in a tropical oasis. I made my way to the front desk and got in line to hopefully check in early. The huge fish tank behind the front desk is breathe taking. I could spend hours just watching the fish and eels. Once it was my turn, the young handsome man behind the desk greeted with a smile and offered me some bottled water. I asked him if it would be possible to check in before 3pm, he said yes and went through the normal check in protocol. Once I received my keys, I made my way to the elevators. I was pleasantly surprised with my room. It was perfect. The bathroom is a tad small but that's ok. Tons of mirrors, which as any girl would that's a bonus for getting ready for a night out in Vegas. Their beds are super comfy and they have great pillows as well. I know when I plan my next Vegas vacation, I will definitely be staying at The Mirage! The checking in and out goes quickly. Can't wait to stay here again.
5	Wonderful pool, clean facility, lovely environment. excellent experience.
2	The location of the hotel is great. Besides the location is overall very old. They have not done any renovations since 2005. It's an average hotel with not much to do inside besides the casino. For the price I paid here next time I'm sure I'll get a much newer and nicer place to stay. You really don't get the Vegas action you need.Recommended for people over 50.
4	This is our favorite hotel to stay in while in Vegas
4	Las Vegas Hotels are always a bit hard for me to review but for this one I can easily give four stars because of the great service I received everywhere (especially the lovely ladies in the VIP Lounge), the nice updated rooms on the 24/25 level and the great pool! Also the location at the Center Strip makes it very convenient to explore Vegas, even by foot if you prefer to walk along the strip.I was there midweek on business so as usual it is a little slower than on weekends.Mirage is part of the MGM Group and their MLife Players Club Program is now also tied to Hyatt which makes you earn stay credits and benefits for Hyatt as well.This might be my new favorite Hotel in Las Vegas if the performance will be consistent like on this stay!Cheers-s
5	The Mirage is one of my favorite places to stay in las Vegas. It's a little older, but still nice and very convenient! The air quality at the casino isn't so nice, but smoke doesn't really bother me anyways. Friendy staff.
4	The casino staff is very friendly here! They have some good slots and the buffet (Cravings) is pretty legit! The Chinese cuisine restaurant Fin is spectacular! They have a ton of cute restaurants in the mirage! Also the servers were living for me and kept bringing me free drinks so I made sure to tip well ;)
5	I stayed at this hotel numerous time when I'm in LV.  This is my favorite hotel to stay when I'm in LV.  Room is clean, beds are comfortable, and services are great.  Great for family with younger children.  The pool is very nice.  Get the room w/ pool view for better sleep at night.  However, don't waste your money on the Lion/Dolphin exhibit.  It's better to just visit your local zoo.
4	First time visit. The staff was excellent, room is very clean, gave us an free upgrade because of my birthday. The room was fantastic, very spaces and very clean too bad it does not have a in room safe, and not allow to store drinks in in-room mini fridge.  Would have given a 5 stars if did not charge for using room's fridge
2	Horrible first impression. Waiting in the lobby for our two bedroom suite to be finished cleaning while everyone else is checking in so easily. It's been almost 2 hours. My party is tired and exhausted. To get my room key will be the 3rd time I've had to wait in the check in line. Sorry Mirage but you have left a bad taste in my mouth and my first impression of this hotel is bad. Even after the check in time, you shouldn't make guests wait no longer then an hour for their room to be ready.  I normally stay at the Venetian/Palazzo which offers excellent customer service and  never had to wait for my room to be "ready". In fact, of the 10+ years of my numerous Vegas visits to other hotels had I had to wait so long for a room. Edit: after much complaining to the front desk. they finally offered another room after two and a half hours later. Their excuse? Our room was still getting cleaned and they are going to give us another room that they were holding for one of their VIP guests. It was disappointing because this was my birthday weekend for my big 30! My party and I wanted to watch the Boys to Men concert, but by the time we finally got to our room we were exhausted and missed it! After speaking to about 5 different different people at the front desk, it was clear to see that they need to train some of their staff better with customer service. One of them was extremely rude to my sister, an Asian guy with a shaved head. I wish I took his name down. He was an ass to us. Besides all the drama, I absolutely love our two bedroom suite and the view it has to offer, therefore I'm giving the Mirage two stars.
5	I recently stayed at The Mirage for my birthday. This was my first time going to Vegas and I was not 100% soled that I wanted to go. After all, I don't gamble. My ideal destination was to head to the Caribbean because I love the beach and the clear blue water. However my friend assured me that I would enjoy Vegas, that there was a lot more to do besides gambling,  and she picked out a hotel with a great pool. Well, I had a fabulous time! The pool was the best ever, and I felt like I was in the Caribbean with the palm tress and the waterfalls. It was so relaxing!!! Our hotel room was AWESOME, and the service was great! In short, I did  not want to leave Vegas but most of all, I did not want to leave The Mirage.
3	Nice and clean, expected for a 4 stars hotel
3	After staying at the Wynn, Bellagio, Hotel 32, and Aria (meh!), I have to say that The Mirage is a bit.......older than what I normally prefer. That being said, my two night stay there was well priced and decent for what it was. Good location on the strip, too, right across from Harrahs (...shudder..) where they have the Improv comedy club. Our room was on the 25th floor, which has it's own dedicated elevator. There was one king sized bed with a large bathroom that enclosed two sinks, toilet, a Jacuzzi style bathtub, and a separate shower. The mirror above the sinks and counter top was awesomely huge, though still lacked the appropriate lighting for applying makeup. That may sound strange, but it's something I take note of where ever I go, because I have yet to find a hotel that doesn't employ the use of odd 'energy saving' strange colored lighting in the bathrooms and rooms. As a result, sometimes it's hard to tell how dark your eye shadow really looks, or if your nose is really suddenly very pink, etc. Ladies may know what I mean  Possibly some men, too.A complaint - the satellite TV was sketchy at best. Several channels would appear for a few seconds before going black, and we had to switch to other channels and back again to get it to reappear. As you can imagine, the routine gets old. Oh well.On the HUGE plus side - This is the only room I've stayed at that had a fan in the bathroom!! That's valuable when sharing a room with others. You know what I'm talking about. Don't try to deny it. You know. And I know. Everybody knows. So stop denying it.The casino portion of the hotel is pleasant, with a wide range of slots and plenty of tables to play blackjack at. Be wary of the dealers - They are the luckiest people I know. They are also, overall, quite helpful when you're stumped about what move to make and willing help you out in "What would YOU do, Carol?" situations. Alas, despite their helpful input, you are in no way guaranteed to keep any of the money you came to the table with. Drink responsibly.My husband and I ate at the Cravings buffet in the casino, and we are sad to say we weren't impressed. My husband requested that I point out that the prime rib was way too well-done to be considered prime rib. It should be more red/pink, not light brown in the center. The prime rib was more like roast beef. The mashed potatoes are alright, I guess. My biggest issue was with the pizza. It was nothing to be proud of, mostly bready with little sauce or cheese or toppings. The dessert selection, which is of the utmost importance to me, is severely lacking in quality diet-bustworthy deliciousness. I think the tastiest thing I ate from that section was the fresh fruit. Watermelon. Yum! The 'cheesecake' and 'mud pie' and 'creme brulee' were like imitation foods you see when touring open houses. Not the real thing, though still edible if you try hard enough. My favorite dish over all? The Hunan chicken in the Asian section of the buffet. I mean Asian food section, not people. We ate at BLTs our second night. We shared a milkshake and waffle fries, and each had a huge burger. It was quite tasty and our waitress was polite and to the point, getting our order quickly and food out in a timely fashion. I want more.Two nights in a row, i ended up buying a bag full of candy at the Sugar Factory store across from BLTs. The chocolate covered potato chips are good, as are the sour ribbon things. Malted milk balls are always a favorite. The white chocolate covered gummy bears were surprisingly tasty, too. Give it a go, why don't ya?All in all, we had a wonderful time on my birthday trip, though I'm not sure if we'll stay there again unless we get a nice offer in the mail. P.S. Despite sleeping on a pile of sugar every night at home, I am in decent shape and mostly healthy. Not a single cavity in my 31 years, either, thank you very much!
2	Probably not itching to book at the Mirage again. The main issue I had was the room smelled when I checked-in. The source of the smell was from the restroom- it smelled like dirty gym socks that had been placed in a juicer. I called the front desk to get this issue addressed- the phone operator seemed a bit unapologetic about this nuisance. After saying she would have someone look into the issue, an hour had passed and no one had come to the room. I called the front desk again and a different rep had an entirely different tone than the first employee- she apologized for the inconvenience and was able to waive our resort fees. Although the defogging (basically making the room smell good again) meant we had to stay out of the room for two hours, it was worth it (then again, to distract time, we ended up gambling = losing).The response time of the TV was painfully slow. Channel surfing was at a crawl. The only other inconvenience of the weekend was the tram connecting Mirage to Treasure Island was down for a brief period and it was when we were needing it on our walk home from a long night out.A plus of the hotel is that I got a room overlooking the pool and the dolphin exhibit. those dolphins are so smart!
4	Great hotel room....downstairs by the hotel lobby it kind of smelled but the room was clean and nice
2	I have been using yelp for awhile now but this is the first I've reviewed. I hate that it's for a bad experience! After the long and tiring second day we were there, I came back to the hotel room so looking forward to munching on the 12 (yes 12 lol) to-go crab we brought back from earlier that day, only to find that housekeeping had thrown the bag away. We had to drive outside of the strip to that restaurant again to order some more. It was late and an inconvenience we really didn't want to deal with. That wasn't the only bag they threw out. Another one had chips, beef jerky, clean cups and napkins, snacks, whole avocados for the kids, etc., which were clearly NOT trash.  Both were set on the table neatly and we actually even cleaned up the room before we called housekeeping! The girl at the front desk offered a food n beverage credit, which barely covered for the food itself. I was quite upset btw but she was really nice so I didn't want to make things difficult for her. And then, there was an issue with our bill so that wasn't the end of it. The other 2 people and a manager I spoke to after, weren't very apologetic. They credited back the amount they shouldn't have even charged in the beginning and made it seem like they were solving all my issues and doing me a favor. They made me feel like I was wasting their time when it's actually the reverse. They also emailed me the bill without the actual bill folio attached so I had to request for it (normally not even an issue but I was thoroughly annoyed already arg!) We stayed at Mirage because there was a 1 night comped offer and location was good for the kids. I would have rather paid to not have to go through this.
2	The Mirage charges $30 extra PER DAY to guarantee an early check in,  non-smoking room or a King bed. We arrived at 2 PM. Check in time is 3PM, we were told our room wouldn't be ready for 2-3 hours because it hadn't been cleaned. I don't mind waiting until the regular check in time, but having to wait longer than that is not good customer service. When my sister arrived at 5PM, 2 hours after the 3PM start of check in, she was told she would have to wait 2-3 hours longer because her room hadn't been cleaned. So she couldn't check in until 8PM. PERHAPS THE MIRAGE NEEDS TO HIRE MORE HOUSEKEEPING STAFF! The room was nice and larger than the typical room. We paid extra for a larger room on the 25th floor though. The bed was comfortable, the room was relatively quiet. We didn't hear noise from the hall, but we could hear noise from the Strip 25 floors below, through the windows. Every time the volcano blew the windows rattled. Our bathroom was larger than average, with nice soaps and amenities. The shower was terrible. VERY low water pressure and you couldn't direct the shower head which was aimed very high. I'm 5'8" and it hit me in the face.The casino is dark and stinky. We ate at the Brazilian restaurant in the casino and the food was very good. All in all, I'd much rather spend a few bucks more for a nicer experience at a better hotel that has enough housekeeping staff and a brighter casino with a better ventilation system.
3	Mirage is a decent place for a stay if you're considering location, pools and prices.  Standard rooms aren't spectacular, bathrooms are small and sure ventilation may be a bit rough at times, but can't complain- they're clean and I don't spend a lot of time in the room anyways.  Though, the beds are really comfortable.  The pool here is one of the best in Vegas.  It does get pretty crowded though so it's best to come early if you want a lounge chair. Haven't been to Bare yet so can't comment on that.  And, as others have pointed out, the location is great!  Quick walk to Caesars, TI, Venetian/Palazzo and right across from the ever so fun to play at Casino Royale!  Cosmo and Wynn/Encore are just a quick cab ride away too. The buffet here is decent, nothing to rave about. Rhumbar is a good place to hang out for a while- have some good cocktails and a cigar.  BLT Burger, not so much though, there are better places to enjoy a burger from.  I don't spend too much time playing table games here but they're usually lively and at $10 minimums. The sports book is great to catch a game too. I always consider staying here when I come on a budget because of the pools and most of the strip action is on this side, so if that's what you're looking for, consider it as well. - deserves a 3.5
5	I was originally hesitant on booking The Mirage do to numerous reviews complaining of it being an older resort.  I have been to Vegas about ten or so times and have stayed downtown once and the others on the strip between Ceaser's, Harrah's and The Flamingo.  My wife and I wanted to try somewhere new.  The Cons First : It is a resort which to me didn't seem any different than the other Vegas Hotels other than the $28 fee per night for basically the only differing perk from other hotels was internet  included.  The Pros: We stayed on the 26th floor with a strip view and the floors own personal elevator which was excellent.  You would go right from your floor to the Lobby and back.  This was wonderful when you have to just run up to grab something and didn't have to deal with stopping on every floor.  The pool is by far the best I have seen in Vegas and The Hotel is layed out so you get sun from sun up to sun down with the hotel never blocking and shading the pool which was great.  The staff was great and they heard it was our anniversary so sent chocolates to our room.  We saw Beetles Love by Cique De Sol and it was excellent 10/10 for sure.  Overall :  I felt the King Tower Deluxe for the view and own elevator was great and only for about an extra 30 a night.  I loved everything about the Mirage and would go back in a heart beat, centrally located, easy access to the strip and great staff.
4	Great place to stay. Rooms are very clean and affordable. Middle of the strip is a great location.
5	I am giving this hotel such a great review because the beds were fantastic. The most comfortable beds that I have slept in in a hotel. They were fluffy, soft, and clean. Overall for the price you cant really complain and the hotel had everything that other hotels in the area also have. the pool was crowded but totally worth it. Don't recommend getting a mixed drink from the waitress because a bloody mary was $20. Overall great stay and will recommend it to my friends.
4	My husband stayed here on our second trip to Vegas. Since we first stayed at the Wynn, of course our expectations were high. So we were a little disappointed that the bed was not as comfortable nor the room as awesome. But for the price, this hotel is good. The staff were super nice and helpful! If we are on a tight budget next time we would definitely return. Not my first pick though!
2	Came here and stayed here for one night on a weekend trip.  The rooms are definitely a lot nicer with the renovation.Having said that I will NEVER EVER play here or step foot in this casino again.The dealers were rude and curt with you. I was accused of lying when the dealer had clearly made a mistake.  She looked at me like I was a criminal rather than a guest at the hotel. The pit bosses were a little better but they didn't seem to have any power over the dealers.  The cocktail waitresses were also rude and just downright unpleasant.  Giving them 2 stars is being extremely generous as I value service and atmosphere when I am at a casino/hotel.  The only reason I gave them two stars is because the rooms were a decent upgrade from what they were before.If you want a decent room but really bad service then mirage might be an option for you.
3	I've long been a fan of The Mirage since it was THE place on The Strip.  Over the years, my wife and I have stayed there several times and enjoyed ourselves.  Our latest visit was good, but I noticed that The Mirage has become a second-tier hotel with a bit of fraying around the edges.  One particularly disappointing aspect was the pool.  I used to love the pool, but it has become an oasis of fat slobs and no longer employs hot cocktail servers.  When I say "fat slobs," I mean truly gross people, not talking average people.  I guess the cheap rooms have attracted a new crowd.  Next visit to Vegas, probably gonna look elsewhere...sorry Mirage, not bad, but not great.
4	It was my first time staying at The Mirage three weeks ago when I was last in Vegas. We were dropped off in the front and the entrance already made a nice statement. Then the check in line really made our day because we were the only ones in line and was greeted immediately. Then I noticed the huge fish tank they had behind the check in line and that was absolutely gorgeous. We were given our room and made our way upstairs. First impression off the elevators and into the hallway, "Wow, this place is really really nice!" The color contrast from the carpet to the hallway decors is beautiful! But when we entered our room, we couldn't be more satisfied of the huge king bed that we had and the beautiful view of the strip! It was one of the most comfortable beds we've slept in at a hotel. The room was super spacious and everything was in great condition. The hotel also had a huge buffet with a lot to choose from. We also had lunch at the Burger place located inside the Mirage and that was pretty tasty too.I'd definitely be back and stay at the Mirage again!
4	The renovations to this hotel make it a great place to stay! The location is fabulous to the rest of the strip and the atmosphere is fun for families and couples! The outside volcano is classic fun for all ages!
3	Now that my oldest boyfriend Steve Wynn no longer has control of The Mirage and my gay boyfriends Siegfried and Roy either retired or were half-eaten by tigers, I'm not the huge fan of The Mirage that I once was when I was younger. Just like with the Bellagio, you can tell Mr. Wynn has left the building. There is something that has been cheapened by the Kerkorian takeover of the former Wynn properties and the elegance and uniqueness of The Mirage is mostly now gone though some hints of former glory still exist. Not much has been updated in the past fifteen years and what has been updated or added stands out against the traditional tropical decor of the property like a sore thumb (such as the entrance to "Love" by The Beatles and the Revolution bar). And it has not been kept up like it would were it still a Wynn controlled property. The location is prime and parking is good but there is nothing about The Mirage that makes me want to stay and gamble, drink, or eat. They offer a nude pool, which is great, but the tasteless posters of a woman's backside right in my face - funny how in 2013 they don't advertise any shirtless men to lure the ladies - that litter the casino floor do not make me want to go and are more reminiscent of one of the cheaper, rowdier casinos.
3	The Mirage-its a nice hotel.  We got a room with a pool view, which was nice but I wish we had asked for a strip view instead.  The room was nice and the bed was comfy.  I LOVED their pillows.  The AC didn't seem to cool all that well and the bathroom was super small.  I wish it would have at least had a double vanity.  The location was great and the pool is nice.  I would stay here again but maybe get the room with a bigger bathroom.
1	The Mirage on the strip gets stars for its pretty perfect location. On the surface, this place is decent, but I pay attention to many details. The rooms were certainly more spacious than the Wynn, but also not a updated and swanky. The bathrooms could use a little facelift (the shower curtain, shower heads, doors and paint) and most importantly, the mattresses need to be replaced! Lopsided mattress is a deal breaker, but given that we drank too much to notice on our trip, it didn't matter so much. The one-star rating is due to the fact that I left a valuable bracelet behind and realized it pretty quickly, so I made all the necessary phone calls only to not have my calls returned or be transferred between different departments. No one ever wrote my information down, so every time I called, I had to start all over. I called way before anyone else could have possibly checked into the room, knowing exactly where to direct the security personnel. I gave a clear description. I was extremely thorough. By the time I was finally able to speak to someone that cared, another guest had checked in. Granted, it was my mistake to have left it behind, it was very clear that everyone I spoke to could care less. I requested to place a claim against the hotel after two whole days of going back and forth with them and nothing. It's super disappointing that hotels with this much security can provide such poor customer service. Ultimately, this leaves me questioning their integrity.
4	Fantastic, fast, friendly checkin! Bell hops are super friendly and well worth it! Excellent value! The best customer service! Would have given 5 stars except for the very slow WIFI, rude casino mafia and slow room service!
5	still my favorite place on the stripI try to stay in different places in Vegas to see what each hotel has to offer but I always find myself back at the Mirage. I've stayed at Luxor, Paris, Flamingo, TI, Mandalay Bay, and a few off the strip places. I can't justify splurging on a fancy hotel if i am not going to be in there that much. I wouldn't consider it on the level of the cosmo or caesars but the customer service is right up there! I stayed in the 2 bedroom hospitality suite that had 3 beds and 2.5 bathrooms which was amazing! I had requested that we stay on a floor that didn't require key card access to get to the floor because we had a bunch of girls crashing on in the suite. They had a tv in every room and the living room had a bluetooth speaker that we could connect our phones to play music. The suite was really spacious and 11 girls did not make it feel crowded at all. When I checked in, they had it noted on the reservation already and it only took us 5 minutes to get our keys. We rang for the bellman and got our things right away! After he set all our things down, he asked how many extra towels, blankets, and pillows did we need! I was so glad that I didn't even have to ask! He also offered to give us a tour of the suite and to show us how to work everything. The housekeepers were amazing too! They came in and tidied up the place and it was pretty crazy with 11 girls' suitcases exploding in the suite. The valet remembered our names! The only negative was that the internet connection sucked.
3	This truly is a nice hotel, however, when compared to some of the other, newer properties, it really is pretty 'average'. The standard rooms are on the small side and pretty sparse. One huge irritation is the doors. They are way too thin and slam very hard. Made me feel like I was sleeping in the hallway. Oddly, the windows in the rooms open outwards at an angle, just a little. There's not a lot of fresh air in Vegas, and opening the window basically lets in the stink of the strip. The Mirage was one of the first 'mega resorts' in Las Vegas. Now, it's been truly overshadowed by the much larger resorts popping up all around it. Honestly, they need a serious remodel and their customer service totally lacks. It's not that this is a bad place, by any means, but it no longer competes on the same level as the newer places. A little attention to detail, would go a long way.
4	For an older resort, this pioneer of mega resorts still retains it's luster. Stayed here 3 nights (2 in standard room, 1 in tower suite) and both rooms were spectacular and above the average. the tower suite is a 100% recommendation for the price, and the regular rooms are on par with higher priced properties. Overall the casino has a great vibe and good layout. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.
4	Mirage all ways take care of me.  The  Mirage hotel is nice a simple and close to all the major hotel and casino.
3	In most cities The Mirage would stand out, but aside from its central location there is really not much 'special' about this property on Las Vegas Boulevard.  Certainly a fine hotel and cheaper than some depending on deals and discounts, but bargain travelers can stay cheaper and luxury travelers would likely be let down.
2	We upgraded upon arrival.  They gave us a suite with cum stained furniture and non- workable TVs.  The Mirage used to be my go to place but now will stay away until they clean up there act.  Customer service was next to non existent.  Management is not watching or don't care anymore. To bad cause it used to be a great Vegas stop. But that is now just a memory.
2	WARNING : Do not give letters to your bell desk to mail out.  During my stay, I sent 4 letters by handing them to the bell desk and none of them were received by the recipient.UPDATE : I contacted Mirage about the lost letters and they have not responded.-- RESORT ROOM REVIEW --Stayed at their standard Resort Room.You can tell it's remodeled but it's done nicely.  The unit looks nice with the new curtains, carpets, headboard, lighting, but the build of the hotel itself is not so great.  I can hear everyone walking by the room from the bed and I can hear other people's showers.  Not recommended for light sleepers.The lights in the bathroom weren't coming on so I had to reset the circuit button.There was some stain on the magazine in the room (pictured).  I left it out for the cleaning lady to see, but she didn't catch it.  It's not a big deal, but these small imperfections are what makes me feel the room is not clean.The checkout process was painful.  None of the buttons on my remote worked to checkout so I had to call.  When I called, they couldn't find me in the record that I stayed so I stayed on the line for about 20 mins to eventually be sent to VIP desk to be able to checkout.Comes with a fully stocked fridge.  There is a soda machine that gives you a bottle of Dasani water for $3.Internet was already priced into the resort fee they charge(~$28/day) and worked well.Their staffs' very friendly!  I called the front desk twice and they were very patient and helpful.-- CASINO REVIEW --Their volcano show was surprisingly good.  The videos you've seen don't do justice.  I love the water and jungle theme which you can enjoy as you lose your money to slots.
4	Came here for a guys weekend trip last weekend and got a great deal on one of their penthouse suites. This was my first time staying at the mirage and it will definitely not be my last. The room left nothing to be desired and I now wont be able to stay in any room of a lesser quality when in vegas. All of my interactions with the staff were top notch. The only reason for the one star missing was that the shower in the second bathroom was horrible. I understand that it has to handicap accessible but the shower head was 4ft high and while the shower was 6ft wide it was only about 2.5ft deep which made it near impossible to comfortably take a shower.
3	Probably one of my favorite places on the strip to play. Hotel is Ok. Not a lot of table games. But they have a decent poker room. Decent places to eat. Mostly comfort food.
3	2.5 stars, rounding up to 3. Stayed here for 3 nights, Sunday through Tuesday. Here are the pluses:- The room looked nice, with up-to-date decor. - The staff was very friendly and helpful.- The location is of course convenient to most of what you'd want to do on the Strip.- The breakfast buffet is pretty good for the price. It's basically limited to traditional breakfast items, but it's less than $20, which is a good deal for the Strip.And the minuses:- The bed (king) was totally concave on one half - completely worn out. Luckily I was by myself and could use the other half. - The room smelled musty. I didn't see any water stains, so I'm not sure what the cause was.- I was kept up by loud bass from 11PM-2AM on Sunday night. I'm assuming this was coming from the Mirage's club, since the volume didn't change as it would if it had been from a car passing by. And I was on the 4th floor!- The cable TV cut out for about an hour at one point.- The clock radio hadn't reset for daylight savings time. This required a visit from maintenance, since you need a screwdriver to adjust the time.Basically the rooms are relatively reasonably priced compared to larger resorts on the Strip. There were no major problems, but the above items were annoyances you shouldn't encounter at the more expensive properties. I wouldn't rush back here for a stay unless the price was substantially lower than nearby resorts.
2	It was a nice hotel but the service sucked. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Loved the free wi fi. The view was amazing. But all that to have bad service was not really worth it. Then be warned. They add a resort fee per person on the room. And the put a 200.00 hold on your card just in case you spend money on your room account. The casino was ok but the service there was nil. A waitress ran by with a drink tray yelling 'drinks' but never stopped to see if we needed anything. I had more fun at Ceasars and the Bellagio. The volcano show was pretty cool to watch.
2	I came here for my honeymoon and stayed two days. I was really excited to stay here, since I love the ambience and the restaurants and shows in the hotel. However, the room wasn't that nice, definitely not worth the price we paid. The front desk even said they upgraded me and my husband to a nicer room since we were on our honeymoon, and what we got was a boring, plain room with TWO queen beds. What are we going to do with two queen beds? I had specifically asked for a king in my reservation, and this is an upgrade?We had a lot of leftovers from dinner, and even though there was a fridge in our room, we weren't allowed to put anything in (if you take any of the drinks or snacks out of the fridge, even if you don't use it and put them back, you get charged). They couldn't provide us with a fridge, nor could we rent a microwave, so we were stuck eating cold food that had been out all night. I've been to Travelodges that had fridges or microwaves, if not included than at least you could rent them. Worst of all, I checked out on my phone, which I thought would be more convenient. I was never emailed a copy of my receipt. I have called at least FIVE TIMES and emailed TWICE in the last month asking for my receipt so I can see why I was charged $90. No one responded to either of my emails, and I was on hold 20-40 minutes each time before hanging up. I will not be staying at The Mirage ever again, and I go to Vegas quite often. How difficult is it to get a copy of your receipt?!? It's been over a month!
3	The Mirage once was the finest casino hotel in Vegas.  Then was then and now is now. It is now a second tier bordering on third tier resort. Yes the pool is great, Sambos is one of the best restaurants on the strip and the rooms have been updated and are very nice...but  they Nickle and dime you everywhere.  For example a $25 per day "resort fee" that gives nothing in return. Free Wifi at dial up speeds, an antiquated dungeon fitness center full of old equipment and a daily newspaper you have to pick up in the lobby. The coffee shop has been closed so the only 24 hour food is at the very overpriced deli-$19.00 turkey sandwiches. Really but you do get a free pickle. Lol.  Next time I will spend a few more dollars and stay at the Wynn or Venetian. You pay more for the room but the overall amount is the same for a far better stay.
4	The Mirage is my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  It is centrally located on the Strip which means you can walk pretty much anywhere.  There is a nice variety of excellent eateries in the casino--whether you're craving sushi, burgers, pizza, deli or buffet, you're covered with a solid restaurant.  Rhumbar is my favorite cigar bar on the Strip and it's a great place to wind down after a busy day.  The poker room always has a good selection of games and plenty of action.  The Beatles' Love is one of the best shows in the area.If I had to visit Vegas and choose one hotel/casino in which to remain for the duration of my stay without leaving, I think I'd be quite happy selecting The Mirage.Now, if only they'd do something about the cleanliness of the public restrooms...
1	This place sucks! Not only are we staying here, we've thrown hundreds in these stupid machines and not one waitress has come by to take our order. Will not be coming here again. I've been to other casinos where they serve drinks and don't think twice about it.. This place sucks balls.. JA
3	Pros: Very friendly staff, great buffet, great location on the strip. Where improvement is needed: The hotel, especially housekeeping, needs to do a better job of inspecting the rooms. When I got to my room, the carpet wasn't swept, the time on the alarm clock was wrong, there was a light coat of dust on the surfaces and a light bulb in one of the lights was burnt out. (In all fairness, when I called housekeeping and told them about this, they fixed it right away.) My king size bed was concave on one side and the WiFi reception was not good at all, especially for being part of a $25/day "resort fee".Certainly not a bad experience, but it didn't live up to the 4 star rating either.
3	Pros: Clean basic rooms (the adjacent door was convenient), free WIFI, good location on the strip - especially good since it was right where the finish line for the Rock N Roll Half Marathon! Woot. Cons: Wasn't the biggest fan of the lobby...found it a bit dimly lit, not lively, and didn't put me in the best mood.
5	I played MyVegas (facebook app game) enough to snag this awesome Tower Suite Room in the Mirage Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas for 1 night. I can't remember how many loyalty points it took, but it is no longer available for purchase and has been that way for 6 months or more. I doubt they have any plans on bringing it back since it was so easy to achieve, which makes them lose out on a crap ton of money since everyone was going for that free room reward.Now, I also had a 2 night room reward for the Deluxe King at Mirage through MyVegas. Our whole plan was to try and get the tower suite for all 3 nights that we would be there. It was close to our anniversary, but we never did any $20 or $50 trick to get an upgrade for free. The guy at check-in said excuse me, but I'll have to go make a call behind closed doors once we asked if we could have it for our entire time there. After about 5+ minutes, he comes back and says we can give you the room 2 extra nights for $100 per night. I figured it would be $50 extra per night, but my husband wanted the room, so he gave in and said yes, we'll take it. Much to my surprise, the extra $200 was well worth it. This room is the nicest and biggest room I have ever stayed in period. It's 1200 sq feet, which is bigger than most apartments and some houses!! I wished my downstairs area was as big as this place was.It was really great to have that big area since we were there with some friends. We can't very well mingle in a deluxe king room and drink booze before heading out to the strip comfortably. I didn't take pics of the separate bathroom, but it had a bidet in it. And you bet your sweet ass I used it! I had never seen or used one before, so I had to give it a whirl.The beds were comfortable, maybe a little too plush for my husband, but he likes his beds firm.Having a separate powder area for us girls to get ready was nice. Although, we kind of blocked the bathroom, since it's RIGHT THERE.The bathtub was big enough for my husband and I to sit in it together. There's never big enough tubs for us both to sit comfortably. I wanted to take it home with me!!The couch was not at all comfortable. It's not cushion-y at all and was more like sitting on boards. I guess that wasn't too much of a deal breaker because we weren't there to sit on the couch. We mainly hung out by the wet bar and when we weren't there, we were out on the strip.The water pressure was also great. There's one thing I've noticed about Las Vegas hotels, and that seems to be weak water pressure in most hotels. Not so at the Mirage! I can actually get the soap off my body and out of my hair without staying in there for 30 minutes.Overall, the MyVegas redemption was an easy process. And getting the tower suite for $200 all 3 nights came out to about $66.66 per night, which is one hell of a deal! This room normally goes for $400 per night. Now when I go back to Vegas, I am going to be comparing all of my future rooms to this one and I have a feeling it won't even be in the same ballpark.Thank you to MyVegas and Mirage for making our stay pleasant!
5	Great hotel, nice rooms and good service. I only stated here once and I haven't been back so for the record it's not nice enough to come back to but it wasn't bad at all.
1	This was the worst hotel I've stayed in. I've never received such poor services from EVERY establishment within the hotel. Every single person in my group agreed with this and we will NEVER stay at this hotel again.The worst part is no one working at the hotel seemed to care that the service wasn't good and that are rooms weren't correct. We talked to management two times and both times they didn't seem to care and nothing was done to fix the issues. I'm the type of person that knows things go wrong and that's fine but when the hotel doesn't seem to care about it and pretty much has a I don't give a shit attitude, that's not okay with me. This hotel was a lot more expensive that other hotels when the reservations were booked but are whole group decided to stay there since we thought it was a nice hotel. I hope quite a few people read this comment and decide against staying there. Again, issues happen but an establishment with the mentality of not caring isn't going to change unless there are major management changes. I highly recommend AVOIDING this hotel. No glam or excitement. High prices and terrible service.Heather
3	For a hotel on the strip, the Mirage is probably right in the middle (literally and figuratively).  It's an older hotel, and you can tell once you walk into the lobby as it smells like old cigarettes and years of carpet cleaner.  But the service was friendly and the location is optimal (literally right next door to Caesar's Palace and all the glorious shopping, across the street from cheaper eats like McD's/Chipotle/Panda Express, cater-corner to the Venetian/Pallazzo and all the wonders to discover there... it's prime strip locale!).  It's also more affordable than the rest.  It's not so large that it's unmanageable, but there are enough things to do and see in the resort itself (Revolution Bar/Rhumbar/Love/Casino/etc). I unfortunately was in town for business and did not have a chance to hang out at 1-Oak, but have heard good things.  Room is clean, bed is comfy, and there is free WIFI :)  Overall, no complaints (except you now have to pay $20 to see the tigers and dolphins! what?!)PS - there is a resort fee of $25/day, which is a vegas strip thing....so don't freak when that shows up on the bill!
4	Fine hotel.  I have not stayed here lately.  In the past, though, I have found the rooms to be a good value for the money.What do I like about the Mirage?  The Volcano show in front of the hotel is always entertaining.  The eruptions begin at 5pm every evening and run every hour on the hour until 11pm.  The casino has always been good to me.  I have actually earned money here over the years.The best thing about the Mirage is that they have Carnegie Deli!  The sandwiches are gigantic and the cheesecakes look heavenly.  No need to go to NYC to enjoy it.  Just come to the Mirage in Vegas.
5	Great hotel, comfy beds, awesome atmosphere. The BLT Burger is a good place to grab food. The pool is amazing, I also hit up the topless bar; so cool! Hooray for boobies. Do not listen to the bad reviews, those are just snobs who should pay 250 dollars a night to stay at the Bellagio. Great hotel and great price. The animals at their zoo were cool and they have an awesome fish tank at check in.
5	Stayed here September 2013 for 6 days, and will be staying again in January for another 7 days.Here is what I love about the MirageFor a Hotel this old, it is kept in beautiful condition.the rooms are super cleanthe beds are very comfortablethe staff, from valet to check in to the bell boys is outstandingYou do not have to play like a high roller to get good comps.Heritage Steak is fantastic, maybe one of the best Lamb Chops Iv ever eaten.Samba is a carnivores dream come true.the Sportsbook is beautiful, spacious and very comfortable chairs and excellent HD TVs.Centrally located on the StripIts just another Steve Wynn Masterpiece as are everything else the man has touched in Vegas, I know MGM group owns it now but it was built and is the first built Steve Wynn Casino, So many other Casinos were built after the Mirage and they look 40 years older.All I can say is, Iv stayed everywhere in VegasThe RIO use to be a favoriteParis was okayHarrahs was fun when I was a single guyMGM is very nice but staff is very cold compared to the MiragePlanet Hollywood has the young big mouth crowd.and Cosmopolitan is for the young hip generation who dress and act the part, certainly no place for a casual kaki shorts and t-shirt wearing guy like myself.Mirage has it all and its perfect for those of us who are in our late 30s to early 40s.
3	Not sure which casino was given the elite label first, but it might be this one.  Nice elegant clean casino with lots of action, tables and slots.  Nice sports book.  Great restaurants, good shows and a great great location.  Sandwiched between Caesars and Treasure Island (with a tram to TI) and across the street from Harrah's and the Venetian.  Great views from the rooms and nice clean rooms.  It's been here for a while but it still maintains a new feel to it.  The valet is among the worst in Vegas with access in and out of it difficult.  The strip is a zoo, and the funnel is right in front of this casino.  Outdoor shows here (volcano) and the TI (ships) can create crowds although they are no where as good as the Bellagio fountains.  Go across the street and stay there instead (Harrah, Quad and Flamingo) because they are ten times cheaper and walk over here to gamble and eat.  Doesn't get a 4 star since the Venetian outshines it in every respect; however, this is still a great place to gamble.
5	I absolutely love this hotel. It's right in the middle of the strip, walking distance to everything. The rooms are clean and modern. I always find great rates on various different websites. As a coffee addict I appreciate that there's a Starbucks in the lobby. They have a CPK as well, in case you're SUPER hungry after a night of partying. The employees are all extremely friendly and always ready to help out.I have stayed at all the nice hotels on the strip and even though Mirage is not considered as "high end" as say the Wynn, I personally prefer The Mirage and you get more for your buck.
1	Horrible rooms. My first one had a broken toilet. Waited 2 hours and still not fixed so I requested for room changes. The 2nd room's key didn't work. Took them another 30 minutest just to open the door. Never again.
5	Waited in line for about 15 minutes on Saturday morning before we got to the cashier for possibly the best brunch this trip. Once we paid, we were offered the choice to sit at the bar or wait to be seated. Time was a factor this morning as we had spa appointment in the Mirage Spa. Choose bar seating and it was outstanding, free running mimosas ( what a great way to start the day). I'm sure because we were at the bar I drank more than if I was at the table. International food stations throughout the space, very we'll signed so you can see the selection from across the room. I stayed close to the bar for Chinese assortments of dumplings, dim sum and wonderful noodle wonton soup !! All with your favourite sauces. As well as assorted sushi and hand rolls, rice dishes and the usual suspects with a bit of a twist.   Tried some shrimp ceviche and it was outstanding. My dinning companion had the breakfast burrito, Eggs Benedict & rosti.  The stations were incredable, and upon leaving saw other types of cuisines I would have liked to have tried,  we were to rushed to thoroughly enjoy the
4	I'm going to give this hotel four stars because the people are always so nice to us and take care of us but there are cracks that need to be fixed.  First of all we go to Vegas at least three or four times a year and always stay at the Mirage.  we like the fact it's smaller and more intimate than the bigger hotels and the Oasis pool is wonderful.  However, their rooms are starting to show their age and need a huge makeover.  We were sitting in our room and heard water running.  Went in the bathroom only to find water pouring out of the light fixture over the shower from the room above.  Called maintenance, someone showed up but did nothing and left.  We could see where the ceiling had buckled.  Since we were in a tower king room, there is supposed to be a whirlpool bath - there was a sign how to operate it but the tub was just a regular tub.  On top of that I contacted the CEO to let him know of the problems, never received a reply.  Not good form for repeat customers.    Only one who seemed concerned was our casino host who I contacted when we returned home.
4	Nice restaurants, cool lobby, and pretty cool volcano show. The rooms are excellently decorated and the beds are comfortable however the doors are so thin you can knock them down and roll joints with them. It's noisy but luckily it's Vegas so it's mostly drunk sleeps anyway.Very spotty internet - disconnects every few websites. Makes it hard to write Yelp reviews.
5	Perfect service and excellent rooms! I had awesome experience and definitely will use it again.
5	Wowza! What a fabulous hotel! You walk in and are inundated with Vegas - a giant aquarium greets you as you check-in, there are advertisements for all the Mirage shows, everything is slightly gaudy and glitzy and loud. Then, after check-in, you step into a gorgeous atrium that borders the casino. Having never really been in Vegas, I didn't know that you always have to walk through the casino to get to your rooms. We had a two bedroom suite, so got our own set of elevators...how fancy! Our room was stupendous! It was on the "A" level, with fabulous furnishings accented in red, lots of space, an amazing master bath, and a complimentary fruit bowl. The only downside was that the windows were covered in the outside wrap that advertises "Love," the Mirage show, so it kind of blurred the otherwise stupendous views.
5	Stayed at the Mirage on New Years Eve. They have made many changes for the better. Casino floor has all new everything room was super clean and the TV's brand new. I stayed here 2 other times in the past and I see so much positive improve my I had to share. Happy new year!
2	We're do I start. Well first I want to say that I use to love the mirage but after my last experience there I'm not comming back . My sister and I went to Vegas because we we're attending the latin grammys we were staying 3 nights . The first night we were there our room had two room I assumed because the door was open and the way the room was angled it made sense so I stayed in the other room but that was not the case security came the next morning and told me that's not part of your room I said (politely ) I'm sorry the door was open and I assumed it was one big room . Then security told me "well you have 15 min to get out or I'll make you get out" ummmm ok so I moved to the other room no problem and house keeping came and locked the door that joined the two seperate rooms . That evening at 5 am first a women opened the supposably locked door and told my sister and I to get out this was part of there room and we told her no it's not just the door now . Then she does 2 seconds later her husband opens the door (mind u thank god we weren't sleeping in our underwear) and starts yelling at us and we call security and they came and " re locked" the door . Then ! That next evening ( our last night) my sister and I went to dinner for 1 hour! We came back to our room to find that the other people broke open the door from the joining room and went through our things and stole my wallet my LV wallet at that and! Smoked mrijana in our room . We called the manager and they moved us to a other room but that's it! No complimary room they didn't offer our money back Nothing ! I could not believe our experience there ! So awful ! So please beware! And make sure you hide our always keep ur belongings in a safe place if u stay there
3	Parts are new and some parts are old. I'd rsate the room cleanliness about a 4 (on a scale of 1 to 10). If you like residual pubic hair in the bathroom floor, carpet and bed  from previous guests, then you'll have a festival at The Mirage.Carnegie Deli (for breakfast a la carte) seats about 20 people, so bring your patience with you.
5	I feel like home at the Mirage. I've been staying here for over 8 years and have nothing but great things to say about the rooms, service, the Carnegie Deli, the pool, it's all classic Vegas with updated decor. The Mirage is in my favorite part of the strip which is centrally located next to Treasure Island, Caesars, and across the street from the Venetian/Palazzo.
3	The Mirage is kind of the Mendoza line of strip hotels.  Everything is nice, but not glamorous.  The prices are a little high, but not ridiculous.  The buffet is okay, but there are better.  Table limits can get a little high, but Casino Royale is across the street.If you want to walk the strip, this is a good place to stay.  I personally enjoy driving around and hitting downtown.  The Mirage is in a tough spot to get your car in and out.  If you can stay here at a deep discount or on a comp, I would not hesitate.
3	Just checked out this morning after a 4 night stay.  This is a solid hotel but next time I will stay elsewhere, probably the Bellagio.  The standard rooms are spacious but as others have said here, the bathrooms are TINY.  Closet is very small, too.  The bathrooms are about 5' wide (just wide enough for double sinks) and about 8-9' long.  Tub is just a standard crappy tub with a curved shower bar.  There are nicer bathrooms in low end Marriotts.  The beds were comfy and it's a plus that they had two queens in a room and not doubles.  Overall the hotel and casino feel a little run down and the clientele leaves a bit to be desired.  I think the Mirage's best days are over.
4	I had a legitimate beef with my stay at the Mirage.  Upper management got involved and they did the right thing by me.  This is a beautiful hotel and their rooms will not disappoint you; try and get one facing their volcano display if possible.
4	This was my first time staying here and I was impressed. The room was very nice. We had made a reservation for a king size bed room but when we arrived they didn't have any available so they gave us a two queen size bed room with a strip view instead. It was a very nice upgrade. We could look out of our window and not only see the strip but see the dolphins playing in the Secret Garden.The bed was soft but still firm. The room was very clean and they maintained that every day. My girlfriend and I had a good laugh over some of the interesting items in the mini bar. Some of them weren't too unreasonably priced considering it was a mini bar in the room. We of course did buy anything but if you really need something you wouldn't be completely robbed.A few times we needed a wake up call just to make sure we got to some breakfast reservations that we had made. The people on the phone were very nice and the call came exactly when we asked for it.Parking was easy. Some times you get a great spot if you are lucky. It was easy to find everything. I only got lost once. By the time we left I had the layout down.I would stay here again but I also want to try some of the other hotels on the strip.
4	Stayed in the one bedroom suite at the Mirage and loved it! One of the best hotel experiences. Our room was beautiful and had so many little extras. Our jacuzzi tub came with bath salts and the bathroom had a toothbrush, toothpaste, and razor, and shave cream. Overall we just loved the room and the service we received while staying there.
1	This place sucksWith so many places to stay in Las Vegas Why would anyone stay at the Mirage? My wife had a conference at the Mirage so we were stuck there.As my daughter and I were walking through the casino (the only way to get to the elevators fron the front) one of the casino bosses rather rudely informed me that kids aren't allowed in the casino.Our daughter was looking forward to swimming in the pool unfortunately there wasn't any water in it. The Jacuzzi was cold with cigar butts and ashes around the edge. Great for a kid.  When we got out vehicle from the Valet we found that they broke part of the door handle. Now every time I go to open the drivers side door the trim falls off and we're reminded the lousy care we received. Of course they won't take responsibility for the damages.Las Vegas as a whole is a bit of a let down, just a bunch of drunken squank. I fail to see the appeal of Las Vegas. I guess you got to be drunk the appreciate it.
4	Excellent service all round, especially the front desk, rooms are great particularly for an older hotel, bang in the middle of the Strip action, great value.
4	This is my go-to hotel in Vegas.  The price is reasonable and the staff is very friendly and helpful.  I've stayed at the properties on either side of the Mirage -Caesar's was just too large of a property and Treasure Island is geared toward college kids.  Mirage is the way to go!
1	If you enjoy less than mediocre customer service, incompetent, cold-hearted and insulting staff then this is the place for you!Let me begin by saying they really make every effort to have you walk through their casino to get to the elevators.  After the inconsiderate 15 mile obstacle to get to our room, the first thing my husband noticed was the queen size bed, although he reserved a king size room...eh, oh well.  I thought the room itself was actually decent looking.  The furnishings were not too bad despite the fluorescent orange decorative pillow which looked like it had been chewed on by a dog.After an enjoyable Saturday night in Vegas, I awoke very early Sunday morning to noise and lots of it.  Doors shutting, housekeeping carts trotting down the hallway, and you can actually hear the guests in the next room, but the ultimate offender was the housekeeper who walked right into our room!I called the front desk and complained to the manager, Mario.  He explained there was an error between systems and they presumed our room was empty.  He then tried to compensate by offering my husband and me breakfast.  I'm sure to him it seemed like a nice gesture, but to us it felt like a slap in the face!  "Oops, we saw you exposed so here are some pancakes!  We hope you feel better!"  We refused his offer and tried to go about our day.Along our way home I called The Mirage to complain once again.  This time I spoke with another manager who was even more incompetent than the previous manager.  Not only was she RUDE, but she demonstrated deplorable lack of management and customer service!  The Mirage needs to seriously rethink who they hire as "managers."  I couldn't help but shake my head and feel insulted by this woman's attitude and remarks.Still feeling insulted by the rude manager and bothered by the housekeeper walking in on me, I called The Mirage once again Monday morning.  This time I spoke with Mike, another "manager" who seemed to express remorse and offered a voucher for a free nights stay during our next visit...or so I thought.  It has been 2 days and I have yet to receive my voucher via email as promised.  Not that it matters anyways because that was the first AND THE VERY LAST time I visit The Mirage!BTW, the 1 star rating is for the nice aquarium by the front desk, otherwise I would give The Mirage a negative rating if possible!
4	Always a good stay at the Mirage. We arrive early on Super Bowl and they got us in without a problem.  Used my MLife card and got a great rate.  Nice, comfortable beds with very clean bathrooms.Used the gym every morning (was not easy after being out all night)Ate at Heritage and Cravings.Enjoyed outside beverage at the Rhumbar.Good central location and very friendly staff.
4	On my recent visit here I went to the buffet. The food was great, it was very good quality and lots of choices, I wasn't crazy about the $34.99 place but hay it's Vegas. I would go back.
1	We always have issues checking in here. They always give some excuse as to why we can't get the room we booked. I'm over this place comped rooms or not. Not coming back here.
4	What makes The Mirage refreshing is once you enter, the first thing you see is a beautiful plant display rather than slot machines and gambling tables. This is especially important for families, since I'm sure parents don't want their kids breathing down "Vegas" every minute. If you have kids, visit the dolphin habitat and let them take pictures in the Beatles telephone booth (right by the entrance), OR BETTER YET take them to see LOVE since it's right in the hotel. REVOLUTION bar is a must-stop for those over 21 catching the LOVE show. Though this hotel doesn't really have shopping like Caesar's or Aria or the Venetian, there is a small Sugar Factory candy shop.
4	Stayed at the Mirage for two days 2/12/14 & 2/13/14.Was there for DSE. Room was $70 pluse resort fee per night via Expedia. The hotel was in a great location next to the Venetian and its outside and inside appearance was top notch for an older hotel. Despite other reviews to the contrary, the condition of the rooms and common area was top notch. I had room 17-100 and it was sweeet!Just have a gander at the pics.I little musty at first, but an open wibdow for 10min cleared that up. I ate and drank on the strip..so no opinion of resturants. But big points on an easy 11:30am check-in, nice staff, and easy check out. I am planning a return trip for pleasure and am bringing my gf as the rooms were made to party.Pros:Clean updated roomsClean common areasCheap price on ExpediaLocationCons:Not the best in house clubs...but who cares
3	Stayed here with some sorority sisters. I didn't pay or contribute to paying because of a hook-up, so my evaluation does not include value. Pools: They're alright. The beach club "bare" was literally empty. It has a strange scene. Really empty, and the bar tender wasn't particularly good. We got a bunch of free drinks though, haha.
5	We stopped by to see the volcano show. It was pretty awesome haha I liked the fire and the heat! We were watching it from across the street and we could feel the heat coming our way. It was awesome. I liked the music too! It's not like classical beautiful music like bellagio but like jungle amazon kinda music. Very exotic!
5	The first person I see upon arriving at the Mirage is Olivia. She automatically smiles as she greets us and asks what she can help us with. Not only did she help us find the perfect suite for my birthday but she also for us a discount and helped with the hotel fee. The entire time she was smiling and extremely helpful and courteous. She made the entire experience enjoyable especially when I've seen how unfriendly so many people can be here in Vegas. Thank you so much for your help and kindness Olivia!!
4	Stayed here on my most recent Vegas trip and was very happy with everything. This for the price was probably the best value I have seen in a long time. The rooms were well lit, had comfy beds, good strong showers, and non of that smoke smell that you often get in Vegas. The check in desk was fast and friendly. The hotel itself has a lot of restaurants and bars though we were out of the hotel much more than we were in it. They give guests discounts for the Secret Garden which was a nice bonus. We had a great view of the pools where we could watch the dolphins swimming in the mornings which is a fantastic way to wake up! The mini bar was the best stocked I have ever seen and the prices were not to out there! I would stay here again for sure. There was always plenty of parking as well.
3	They saved themselves a 1 star hatchet job by comping my room (and  I don't even gamble!). I had no wifi and repeated calls did not remedy until late the next day when a maintenance finally guy came by, opened a hidden panel and flicked a switch to reset it.  I needed keep my work inbox clear and being unable to do so without getting dressed and going out was not acceptable as I prefer to work in my underwear.Otherwise a decent hotel, with a good breakfast buffet though, being Vegas, you had to take the maze thru the nasty smelling casino to get anywhere. Whatever they use to mask the smells of cigarettes and desperation creates an subtle but sickeningly saccharine smell.  Oh yea, good volcano.
4	Ill make this quick ---Easy check in-fast. They get you right in and into your roomHooked us up fast with our MLife Card (for comps)Ate at BLT Burger - very tasty and not bad pricesBest sportsbook in LV. Huge screens and lots of them. Drink service was very good for a casino. Play and you get good drink serviceSaw Ray Romano at the Fator Theater. Hilarious and worth the money.Room was great. Bed was so comfy. Didn't want to get up.Gambled enough to get comped several meals - easy to deal with Just a good casino in the middle of the strip. Great location to walk to other places quickly. Cant go wrong with the Mirage.
3	I would say Yelp was right on with the amount of stars that The Mirage should have.  I would have given it 3 and half stars too.  It is not a super luxurious hotel but it is far from being considered a roach motel.  I went with The Mirage for a weekend getaway Vegas trip for my boyfriend's birthday because of its location.  The Mirage was a good choice just because the rooms are clean, spacious and modern.  Note: The room was great, I will get to the bathroom later.  It was also very conveniently located, right between Treasure Island, which I also have stayed at before.  I would choose Mirage over Treasure Island.  Treasure Island rooms are small and their wifi sucks.  It is also located next to Caesars Palace and across the street from Harrahs, Imperial Palace, Venetian/Palazzo and a short walk away from Encore/Wynn.  Parking was fine, as with most Vegas hotels they had their own lot.  They had both a self park and valet option.  Check in was easy too, we had a little problem finding the guest elevators.  Those were a little confusing.I did not get the chance to see the dolphin habitat.  To tell you the truth I did not spend much time inside The Mirage casino.  Nothing about it really stands out, so the only time my boyfriend and I were in the casino area was because we were usually leaving the casino to go somewhere else.  To me, there really did not seem like there was a lot to do.  It was not the most aesthetically pleasing hotel, by that I mean they did not have canals like The Venetian, the whole Parisian streets thing like Paris or the Miracle Mile like Planet Hollywood, they had a volcano that was outside and the Dolphin habitat.  The rooms are a good value for what you pay.  They are roomy and modern looking.  They had a nice multimedia center that had a desk, a wall mounted flat screen television with good channels and a snack bar/mini fridge.  The bed is fairly comfy, no complaints there and it was clean with no odd stains or anything like that.  See attached pictures of the room.  Forewarning: The mini fridge and snack bar have sensors on them so if you remove anything they will charge you.  That means you cannot take things out of the fridge to put your things in there and then put the stuff back afterwards.  They will charge you if you take things from the fridge even if you do not eat it.  I think the one thing that needed renovating in the room was the bathrooms.  The condition of the bathrooms really did not match how nice and modern looking the room was.  The bathroom looked like it had not been touched up/remodeled since the 90's.  Very small, horrible lighting, white tub, shower curtain, white toilet, the usual hairdryer given, it was just not appealing to the eye at all.  Despite that though, I would stay at The Mirage again.  The rooms are nice and the location is very convenient and no one was throwing wild parties in their room and disrupting my sleep.  Although according to many, it is not a proper Vegas trip if you are sleeping through most of it.
5	We've stayed at The Mirage twice in the last two years and we absolutely love this hotel.I've spent many hours researching great places to stay in Las Vegas, and this one strikes me as one of the best "bang for your buck" places on the strip. It has clean rooms, super comfortable beds, nice decor, and IMO it's located on the best part of the Strip (Caesar's, TI, Paris, and Bellagio are all nearby).The Mirage Volcano is my second favorite free show (behind Bellagio Fountains) and the Beatles LOVE show is one of the coolest things I've ever seen. The buffet is also one of the best in town.All around, this hotel is awesome for the price. You can also score some great deals if you google it.
5	Although me and my girl were only here for literally 24 hours for the Canelo v Angulo fight this weekend, I couldn't have been happier with my decision to stay at the Mirage.  We had the king suite on the 25th floor.  Very nice room.  I was glad i paid that extra money to cancel my reservation at the ballys and get this one.  This is my mom's favorite vegas hotel and casino and it's been around a while now in comparison to some of the newer and hipper joints, but it holds its own all these years later.  I recommend it to anyone whose going to vegas.  I don't go too often to Vegas, only fourth time in 8 years...but if you see that the rooms at the Cosmo, Aria, Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian are much pricier, definitley book yourself this room and save the extra dough for gambling, drinks, clubs, buffets!
5	I highly recommend visiting the Spa & Fitness Center. There is a package offered where you get a training session AND a massage. Derris was my trainer and he was very educated and we did some really awesome strength training; and having a trainer here in SD, I feel that I am familiar with a lot of techniques and versions. He was solid, provided me with a great work out and educated me on a few methods to try here at home in the gym. Patrick was my masseuse and he was also a good guy, who did a really good job with a deep tissue. I left feeling stronger and relaxed all in a few hours.  If you're looking to doll it up, I would recommend visiting Lisa in the Spa. She did all of our make up one evening and she's not only a doll, but she did such an awesome job. We all felt so beautiful for our night out on the town.  Mirage may be an older resort, but the employees I had encounters with during my stay were 5 star in my book.
3	If this review was based solely on the hotel room, it would have easily been four stars. However I'm basing this review on our experience as a whole in The Mirage.The Room:I thought it was close to perfect! The decor was next level and had a nice vibe. A friend who was also staying here did point out there were no bath robes in the room but I didn't find that to be a major problem. I've attached photos of the room.I've stayed at The MGM, The Vidara, Planet Hollywood and The Monte Carlo .. hands down this hotel had the best room. I have a problem finding a shower with good water pressure but i have to say, the shower in The Mirage has great pressure - it's just a shame the shower head was the size of a quarter. Also, room service actually understood that a privacy sign on the door handle meant do not disturb, from experience, a concept most hotels fail to grasp!The Hotel:When we made the booking we were given a $50 credit to spend in the hotel, however when we check in there was no mention of it. We went back to the lobby to ask about it because we forgot when we checked in and we did in fact have $50 to spend, but i was a little bit mad that we weren't told that on arrival. I did a review for The Monte Carlo a couple of weeks ago. On check in there we were given a $75 credit to spend, $75 which paid for multiple meals for me and my wife. On the other hand, the restaurants in The Mirage are WAY over priced. Embarrassingly overpriced. There are close to 10 restaurants in the hotel and not one was realistic. There was even a California Pizza Kitchen which charged a minimum of $20 for a pizza. The line for a table was huge! Probably because this was the cheapest restaurant available. There was only one place which served breakfast and it cost $15 for eggs and bacon. Maybe i'm more 'frugal' let's say, than most but 3 eggs and 2 pieces of bacon for $15 + Tax and Tip .. Come on! We also ate at 'FIN' i think it was called, an asian restaurant. I had a cup of soup which was $10 and i stress that it was a cup, not a bowl. Entrees were all around $30 and all were 'A La Carte' .. In other words, you have to pay $15 for fried rice or chow mein. The soup was amazing to be fair, but the main meal was a let down and left me hungry.All in all, the hotel itself is great, as are the rooms. If you plan on eating outside of the hotel the entire time, i'd say give it a shot.
4	The staff here were extremely nice! They front desk allowed is to check in at 11am when check in is usually 1-3 pm depending what hotel it is and how generous they are.Called the front desk a couple of times for general information and they were glad to help out! Very cheerful attitudes.House keeping left our room spectacular each morning!Had a great experience here and will definitely return to this hotel next time I'm in town, which will probably be next week!P.s.The gambling machines were very lucky!
4	Must see the Boys II Men show! Beautiful hotel! Great nightclubs and nice restaurants. Would recommend checking out the hotel if you are in Vegas.
4	4 1/2 stars! Our prior stay in Vegas was at the Luxor (nice place but waaaaaaay too far out on the start of the strip) so for our two night couples trip to Las Vegas for 03/14 weekend we chose The Mirage and loved this place. Stayed in a regular king sized room and it was the perfect size, very clean and nicely decorated. I'm sure you can find a fancier room in other hotels but this is a great place at a very decent price, plus great location on the strip. The entire hotel is very pretty. Lots of plants and flowers. The general pool area is huge and relaxing (seperate from Bare pool party area). Volcano show is cool and buffett was pricey but food was good. Didnt eat at any of the restaurants there but there's definitely options to choose from.There was an incident as we were checking-in where another guest was making a huge scene and getting angry with the staff (his problem had nothing to do with the hotel but with the cab driver who drove him there)... anyway, the young lady who was assisting us was not only very nice before the incident but apologized several times afterwards and gave each of our rooms (3 rooms) a $25 credit because we had to witness the uncomfortable moment. Not much but I thought it was nice of her because it wasnt something she HAD to do. I will definitely be back to the Mirage!
4	Cheap, comfortable and near everything. It was also very quiet. I have no complaints. It's not a five star hotel, but still great. The dolphin exhibit was $20, which is a bit high when you can see an entire zoo for that much. My friends and I had to pass.
3	First time in Vegas - I liked this hotel - it was pretty big but easy to navigate. There were restaurants in there but it's definitely worth venturing out as this isn't the be all end all. Biggest gripe with the Mirage, WiFi is TERRIBLE. I was there for work and found it almost impossible to do anything, which was extremely frustrating. But overall the stay itself is nice for what it is.
1	A moth the size of a hummingbird in my room. A glop of dried, yellow-white ummm...   substance, with black hairs stuck to it, on my pillow. Perhaps worst of all, NO COFFEE MACHINE IN THE ROOM! (And a 1/2 hour wait for coffee in the only cafe downstairs.) Really not a good time. Never again.
4	This place was the joint back in a 2009 trip to Vegas. Stayed here one night but it was such a fun atmosphere. It is now still generating attention but one of the definite older casinos. I was here last year in June 2013, just to go to 1oak nightclub. Sean Paul the reggae artist performed that night and did put on a good show.  The Volcano is the main attraction here. It is set in a lagoon with palm trees and waterfalls.  The volcano does erupt and smoke and fire extend 100 feet into the sky. Every hour on the hour you get to are the show.  It is usually always a crowd in the streets and across the street to see. I recommend you see this once if you just happen to be right there of course.
4	I stayed at the Mirage for a friend's birthday. We really only used the room as a place to crash after celebrating at the clubs, but WOW. What a room it was! Modern, elegant with huge beds and a flat screen tv !! There was a tonnn of walking space in the room, which made the space seem really open. I was disappointed about the bathroom though. With all the space it had, they couldn't have made the bathroom a bit bigger?! In the casino, the Mirage is super organized and spacious. But, it is always worth it to visit 1Oak and Revolution. 1Oak is more a club, and Rev is a small lounge/bar area.It's always worth it to stay at any hotel for 1 or 2 nights, and this one had a bigger room out of most that I've stayed at..but I feel like you can definitely find a hotel that has more interesting things inside the hotel itself. People do like to walk from the Mirage to other casinos, though! I suggest that every hotel have a vending machine for fold-up flats, after girls die in their heels :)
2	In town for 1 night for work. Room was a great rate, and very nice. Bed sucked though. Unfortunately learned this the hard way after a night of sleeping in a heavily dented bed. The crappy sleep ruined my experience.The hotel itself has really awesome offerings, eateries, and watering holes. Service is friendly.
4	Just spent 2 nights at the Mirage. Overall it was a great stay. I thought the room was nice and clean. The bathroom was nice, but small and it looks like they've redone the sink area, but completely left out the bathtub. The bathtub may be the original, it really needed some help! My other complaint would be that the walls are extremely thin. It wasn't an issue most of the time, but anytime people were walking in the hallway it sounded like they stopped, came in our room and continued their conversation. We had a strip view on the 22nd floor and it was great. We had a great view of the volcano and Venetian. The volcano is not to be missed! We never used the pool area, but we did walk out and see it. It's beautiful and if the weathers right I would highly recommend making time to spend out there. I love that they have many restaurants open late. I stayed at the Luxor and Caesar palace prior and if you're hungry after 11pm you're out of luck. We had a package that included tickets to Love. It was great! We had nose bleed seats, but honestly I think it was better to sit at the top and be able to see everything that was going on. Great stay, would definitely stay here again.
3	Went here to watch some of the NCAA games and had a good time, though we didn't have seats until towards the end of the games. The bars in the sports book area didn't seem to have enough bartenders, and sometimes the wait was painfully slow. Drinks are good, but you may have to wait..
2	The room was nice but there are too many negatives.  First the elevators to the room are way too far from front desk.i did not have anyone to help. There was no one at the front bell desk to help and the carpet made it very hard to take my case.the halls are noisy and the doors thin. The lines at coffee were very very long. Overall I would not recommend this place.
4	Sep 2013 Room was comped for 4 out of 6 night so I did not mind staying here. Clean room. Good service Buffet sucked We went out to vegas for the 1st week of football betting. The hotel was packed.
3	Great stay but was not too happy with the construction work outside of our room in the hallway..was told at the time they would try to move us..on the plus side the pool drinks were amazing and the Rhumbar was awsome!!!
5	My husband and I come to Vegas a few times a year, and the Mirage offers the best overall experience.  Clean and comfortable rooms, efficient and delicious room service.  The Mirage pool is the best for 20 and 30 somethings to come have drinks, get some sun, and have a good time together.  It's never overcrowded or bombarded with kids like some of the other hotel pools.  Staff is always friendly and helpful.  Casino is always putting off good energy, but not over the top.   Our only complaint has been that the bathrooms in the standard rooms are a bit mundane for Vegas, but the upgraded room bathrooms are worth the extra price.  It's become our go-to hotel!
5	We love this hotel. The rooms are big and clean! We got complementary champagne delivered to our room after check in which was awesome. They arranged a shuttle back to the airport and it was right on time at 6am. The casino is a typical Vegas casino. I didn't love the pizza at CPK, but my husband loved the tacos he got. The yogurt shop is awesome. The mirage shop was really nice and so convenient. The pool gets crowded really early but it's beautiful so that's understandable. The drinks at the pool are expensive but they're huge so they're worth it. We've stayed at many hotels in Vegas and the mirage is our fave by far.
4	I've been coming to Vegas for two decades. In all honesty, I've never liked the Mirage. I always thought the rooms sucked, the crowds cheezy cheap, and the game atmosphere about as pleasant as a public gas station toilet.Then something happened. I somehow found myself staying here for the first time in 10 years about a month ago, and have been going back every other weekend. Yes.... the dirt cheap night club out back is still as cheezy-vomitous as it was back in the day, with the modern-day version of young ugly pigvomit clubbers that don't know better.BUT....... they have Heritage Steak House (HO-LEE SHIZNIT GOOD!).......... the rooms must have been upgraded as they are surprisingly comfortable............the casino staff is uber friendly................. Rhumbar is fun as SHIT (indoor and outdoor for sports days are incredifun..................... Carnegie Deli is just as it is back in NYC.While I probably won't stay here when I bring mom and senior family members, I definitely don't mind it with younger party friends.Mirage is fun, and is perfectly located next to all the hot clubs on the strip.
4	I've stayed here a couple times. One of the old timer hotels but it's been renovated over the few years. Has a good central location. Usually has pretty good deals
2	We have stayed at this hotel about 5 times. The last before our trip this past weekend was 4 years ago.  wow - its changed.  You dont feel like a hotel guest here you feel like a burden on them - they make it feel like they are doing you a favor by doing their jobs.  We liked to go to Bare pool which was one reason we chose this hotel.  We called a month in advance to reserve chairs at Bare for Friday and Saturday - Friday we showed later (3pm because we just got in) and they had given our "reserved" seats away.  He promised we would have them on Saturday.  We arrived at noon and he said he had to give our "reserved" seats away again but he did save a day bed for $1000 for the day!  It totally ruined our saturday and they really didn't care.  Most of the bartenders will barely make eye contact with you.  Most of the staff has no idea what is going on - its like they are all new employees - they must have a high turn over rate.  Our room was not cleaned by 7pm after returning from the day.  The house keeper in the hallway told us they dont make beds anymore.  We had to call the manager and they said yes they do clean rooms and make beds, but now we had to wait until 9pm for them to come back up.  We ordered rooom service - waited an hour - called down and they did not have record of the order.  Re-ordered had to wait another hour + and call down 4 times to check on it.  Overall - its like you are lucky if any one helps you and you are more of a hassle they have to deal with, then a guest paying their checks.  The pool staff at the regular pool were nice.
5	WONDERFUL experience at the Mirage!ROOM SERVICE:Some of our travel partners ordered middle-of-the-night room service every night! Ourselves, we just did it once, for a breakfast.Mr. Rosie S. and I ordered the following:- 1 seasonal fruit plate to share: $19 (it ended up being a HUGE portion we couldn't finish between us with apples, pears, watermelon, canteloupe and honeydew in lovely thin slices, red and green grapes, blueberries, raspberries, strawberries and blackberries.- 1 banana to share (it didn't come on the fruit plate): $2- For him: order of an english muffin with butter and jam: $5 (came toasted with hand-rolled butter, and little glass jars of orange marmalade, lemon preserves, blueberry jam and strawberry jam - they were VERY DELICIOUS!)- For him: order of grilled bacon: $7(he said it tasted chemically so he didn't end up eating it)- For me: sesame seed bagel & cream cheese: $7(it came toasted with the cream cheese on a separate plate)All arrived in about 35-40 minutes, hot and smelling divine. They included tiny bottles of ketchup as well.Total came to $49.73 - that's pretty expensive for breakfast, but I went down to the hotel convenience store to get our water and juice to go with, so we saved there (sort of).It was pampering at its best! Who gets breakfast delivered on a table with a white tablecloth? LOVES IT!OUR FAVOURITE HOTEL RESTAURANTS:- B. B. King's Blues Club (now closed) for dinner, late night and live music! LOVED the hushpuppies here!- Carnegie Deli (late night and breakfast)- CPK - California Pizza Kitchen. Our first time trying! Had it again in the airport on our way home we liked it so much- Blizz Frozen Yogurt BarPOOL:- Will review separately, but know it is TOTALLY worth booking here if pool is on your priority list!SHOWS:- Cirque du Soleil's LOVE - one of the top three live performances I have seen in my life... and that comes from a theatre person.ATMOSPHERE:- All Beatles, all the time!
5	I've gone to Las Vegas and stayed at this hotel twice. It's casino is beautiful, the rooms are clean and comfortable and the swimming pool is huge and amazing with a waterfall. Also, the erupting volcano is really neat. It's in a great location too.
2	stayed here for my one year anniversary. got to the room and discovered they put us in a room with two queen beds. how romantic...took us about half an hour to get into another room with one bed (what i originally booked for). i really wanted a smoking room and they claimed that they were all out but will be willing to move us to one the next day. great, now i cant smoke for one day in my room and i cant unpack because id have to wake up early pack up all my stuff and check back into another room. we checked later that first night to see what time was best to call them to see what time to check out and call for the new smoking room. they said between 12-3pm. fine. we called them at 1pm the next day and they said to us oh dont worry about it just stay in that same room and u can smoke in it now., we'll just fog it out when ur checked. WTF....couldnt u have just done that the first time??? it wasnt like i just asked once. when we checked in we asked 3 different ppl. when we got to our room with two beds we asked again. we came again that night to check another time. sigh** oh and when im on vacation i enjoy a nice bath since my bathroom at home is only a standing shower. low and behold my bathtubs drain did not stay plugged up to even draw a bath. great. awesome. cool. never again mirage...never again
5	Absolutely LOVE this resort/casino.  One of my favorites in Vegas.  Having stayed as a guest, visited restaurants and bars, and the casino, here is a breakdown of my review:CHECK-IN/FRONT DESKI think the check-in process at The Mirage went very smoothly for such a large resort (experienced worse at other resorts in Vegas).  My flight landed in Vegas at 7:45am, so I was at the Mirage about 8:30 that morning.  As I had planned and expected, my room was not ready since check-in wasn't until 3:00 (which was understandable and fine by me).  So I checked in my bags with the bellhops and started out my day.  Upon returning to the Mirage around 2:30 to see if my room was ready, there was actually a pretty long line for check-in.  Surprisingly, this line moved swiftly and I was at the front desk talking to a front desk clerk within 10 minutes.  At this point my room was actually ready, which kind of surprised me.  I figured I'd still have to 'come back after 3'.  Definitely a great front desk staff.HOTEL ROOMMy hotel room was a standard double queen room with a great view of the Volcano and the Strip on the 18th floor.  The room itself was decorated nicely and seemed very modern.  Was also very well kept (clean).  Besides the standard two queen beds and bathroom, the room had a decent sized flat screen TV (Plasma or LCD), a safe, ironing board, mini fridge, workstation/desk, ironing board, etc.  Again, very nice room.CASINOIn my opinion, the Casino in the Mirage has it's ups and downs.  The ups?  It's very clean and I love the theme/decorating throughout.  Plenty of slot machines and plenty of table games, and it never seems 'overcrowded' like some casinos can get.  My only downside was the table limits themselves.  Granted it's The Mirage and not Circus Circus, but I would expect to find something lower than $25 tables across the board on a Tuesday evening.  Burt I still played anyways.DININGI've tried the Brazilian Steakhouse, the Buffet and BLT Burger.  All three are great places to eat with friendly staff and awesome food, but if you eat at the Mirage on a daily basis without a large budget, your wallet can thin out quickly.  However, I would recommend one meal at each of the three restaurants.  You won't regret it, especially BLT Burger.BARSI love the bars throughout the Mirage.  My top two are the Sports Book bar and the bar in the atrium by the front desk.  Revolution Lounge (not the club, but the bar itself outside) is also a cool place to grab a drink or two.STAFFI have yet to encounter a bad experience with a staff member at The Mirage.  Even if I was irked about something, the staff was friendly and efficient in taking care of the matter.  Staff is top notch.
3	The rooms are standard Vegas rooms for being on the strip. Even though you can smoke in the casino it doesn't reek of smoke which is good. There aren't many retail shops which is ok depending on what a person preference is. The thing that makes me give this casino 3 stars instead of 4 is that there are no legit food places to eat at other than the high end restaurants that start around $20 a plate. It's unfortunate to have to leave the hotel for something quick and convenient which doesn't end up being quick and convenient at all.
5	Absolutely LOVE this resort/casino.  One of my favorites in Vegas.  Having stayed as a guest, visited restaurants and bars, and the casino, here is a breakdown of my review:CHECK-IN/FRONT DESK - 4 StarsI think the check-in process at The Mirage went very smoothly for such a large resort (experienced worse at other resorts in Vegas).  My flight landed in Vegas at 7:45am, so I was at the Mirage about 8:30 that morning.  As I had planned and expected, my room was not ready since check-in wasn't until 3:00 (which was understandable and fine by me).  So I checked in my bags with the bellhops and started out my day.  Upon returning to the Mirage around 2:30 to see if my room was ready, there was actually a pretty long line for check-in.  Surprisingly, this line moved swiftly and I was at the front desk talking to a front desk clerk within 10 minutes.  At this point my room was actually ready, which kind of surprised me.  I figured I'd still have to 'come back after 3'.  Definitely a great front desk staff.HOTEL ROOM - 5 StarsMy hotel room was a standard double queen room with a great view of the Volcano and the Strip on the 18th floor.  The room itself was decorated nicely and seemed very modern.  Was also very well kept (clean).  Besides the standard two queen beds and bathroom, the room had a decent sized flat screen TV (Plasma or LCD), a safe, ironing board, mini fridge, workstation/desk, ironing board, etc.  Again, very nice room.CASINO - 4 StarsIn my opinion, the Casino in the Mirage has it's ups and downs.  The ups?  It's very clean and I love the theme/decorating throughout.  Plenty of slot machines and plenty of table games, and it never seems 'overcrowded' like some casinos can get.  My only downside was the table limits themselves.  Granted it's The Mirage and not Circus Circus, but I would expect to find something lower than $25 tables across the board on a Tuesday evening.  Burt I still played anyways.DINING - 5 StarsI've tried the Brazilian Steakhouse, the Buffet and BLT Burger.  All three are great places to eat with friendly staff and awesome food, but if you eat at the Mirage on a daily basis without a large budget, your wallet can thin out quickly.  However, I would recommend one meal at each of the three restaurants.  You won't regret it, especially BLT Burger.BARS - 4 StarsI love the bars throughout the Mirage.  My top two are the Sports Book bar and the bar in the atrium by the front desk.  Revolution Lounge (not the club, but the bar itself outside) is also a cool place to grab a drink or two.SPORTS BOOK - 5 StarsNext to the Sports Book at Caesars Palace, this is my favorite SB in Vegas.  The staff is very friendly and the SB itself is very clean and spacious.  Unlike some sports books, it actually feels welcoming when you walk in.  Cocktail Servers are also abundant unlike some other Sports Books in Vegas.STAFF - 5 StarsI have yet to encounter a bad experience with a staff member at The Mirage.  Even if I was irked about something, the staff was friendly and efficient in taking care of the matter.  Staff is top notch. " show less
3	If you're looking for a decently priced hotel on the strip, this is def one of them.  Rooms are clean and staff is nice.
4	Spent some of our honeymoon at the mirage, and so glad we did! Love the semi-tropical vibe, and the room was clean and spacious! Staff and room service were great, and it's right on the strip in the middle of everything! They have a little convenience store in the hotel, which was useful, since we didn't bring any of our toiletries on the plane! Would definitely come back and stay here!
4	It's a very nice casino.  Everything looks perfect.  The tables are a little expensive though.  This isn't the Venetian!
1	I wish I could give it no stars. I had a good stay, but after leaving home. My credit card statement showed a charge that I did not authorized. I called them to ask why and what it was and they told me it was a mandatory resort fee. For the amount of money I paid to stay there and the amount of money I spent there. Why am I being charged more? When I called the hotel they were no help. I told then I wasn't informed about this mandatory fee in advance and they said it's on our paperwork. Terrible service. If there's a fee that's gonna be charged tell me ahead of time. Most of the time people don't read anything. It's a hassle and a waste of time for me to have to call and ask what it is. They didn't do anything to help.Terrible!!!!Btw. The rooms had no coffee maker, no bath robes, no shower cap. And they keep dolphins in captivity for entertainment purposes. You have to pay $15 dollars to see them. Many dolphins die here because it's not the right environment for them to live in.
5	I've been to Las Vegas 9-ish times.  My first trip out there was in 1999 and ever since I've been wanting to stay here.  FINALLY I did and it was everything I imagined plus some!For starters, sign up to receive emails because I booked with a promo - I want to say 20% off rates and a $25 room service credit.  I booked their Hospitality Suite for two friends and myself.  There is also AAA rates for members too.  I got a better rate doing it through the email promo.I will mention I'm NOT a fan of resort fees though once in a while I overlook it if I really want to stay at the place.  Unlike other hotels where the fee is optional...it is not here, at least we weren't told that it was.We arrived between 6 & 7pm and there was no wait - we walked right up and we were given excellent service right from the start...we also got bottles of water with our room keys.  Our Hospitality Suite was on the 4th floor - not the best view but a decent view and really, how much time does one admire their view while in Vegas, ok, a few minutes here and there so not at all a big deal!The room was clean and we got all kinds of decent size shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, etc.  I got a new loofah every day as well - I wish I didn't pack that stuff because everything I needed was there in the bathroom and refilled daily.    This suite was pretty amazing too...I felt like a princess getting ready in a bathroom that big!  The weather was in the 70s so there were people at the pool but it wasn't overcrowded where you couldn't find a chair.  The service at the pool was great, the grounds were clean, etc.The hotel itself has a lot of great options...we ate at BLT Burger, California Pizza Kitchen, Cravings, and Stack.  I did some chocolate shopping at the Sugar Factory, grabbed breakfast from the Roasted Bean, and Frozen Yogurt at Blizz so there are plenty of food options right on site and no need to leave and go elsewhere. There is a decent size gift shop that sells everything you need souvenir wise, if you forgot something at home, or if you want a snack and drink.One last thing...location, location, location.  This place is in a great place on the strip - a short walk to the Bellagio Fountains, The Linq, or to the fancier hotels like Palazzo, Wynn, or Encore.We were treated great here, everything was clean and just wonderful.To date, this has been the best place I've stayed in Vegas - I recommend it to anyone and would return.
3	Another year, another conference and another visit to The Mirage.I was expecting tired rooms, noise and nonsense checking in. On this occasion I was surprised when I discovered that I'd been booked into a Suite on the B floor rather than a standard room. I wasn't expecting much from a Suite at The Mirage but I was very happy with what I found. It was a 3 room suite, a large lounge and bar area, a large bedroom and a bathroom/dressing room. Very tastefully furnished and best of all very clean.It was a total experience upgrade - the Suite is so large that you can't hear anything from outside or the adjacent rooms.The only problem is the Wifi - it is simply unusable for anything other than sending the occasion e-mail. They really do need to increase their bandwidth significantly and justify charging that "resort fee".
3	My last trip to Vegas (July 2013) I got a super discount through M Life for a week at The Mirage (entire 6-day stay was under $400 including the annoying resort fee). I had a slightly better time at the hotel for this trip than I did for my previous trip at TI next door. The casino was much more lively and kinder to me and I fell in love with the NY style deli by the casino entrance. Ate there almost every lunch and a few dinners. Did not fool with the Beatles-themed Cirque show as I had already seen O at the Bellagio and Zumanity at NYNY. Did drink WAY too much one night while playing Let it Ride though LOL. My room was nicer this trip and housekeeping was good to me once again. Food choices were not bad. The Mirage is older and you can tell that when you walk in. It's really taken a beating over the years and the smoke smell in the casino is almost as bad as the MGM's casino. But it's still a good value and still a nice hotel. I'd probably stay there again if the price was right.
4	I love the Mirage! I stayed here the night of my 21st birthday, then 4 years later, I returned with my sister, brother, and husband for their 30th birthday. We stayed in a king suite, which was absolutely gorgeous. The bed was super comfy, full length mirrors, and a great radio with iPod/iPhone hookup, which is awesome. Like anywhere is Vegas, don't mess with the mini bar.... Outrageous prices. Go across the street to the liquor store and grab some water, liquor and snacks. The pool is awesome. I love the waterfalls and the big open concept bThey have multiple poolside bar and grilles, and tons of chairs. We laid out towels on front row  chairs early (around 8or 9 am?), and nobody messed with them. Tip the servers and they will not forget about you. They did not check our bags as we came in, so naturally, we brought in flasks and mixers. They have representatives from Bare (topless option adult pool) who annoy the heck out of you, but a firm NO, and they will back off. The casino is clean and nice, with $10 minimums on the tables during the day, with only one or two tables per game of 10 min in the evenings. We checked out Revolution (the Beatles lounge) for free and ladies got at least two free drinks. The Sports Bet is decent (per my husband), but drink servers are scarce. We got a $60 voucher to use at CPK for signing up for the M Life rewards card. Pretty sweet. Unfortunately, the room keys did not always work. My sister had to call the front desk at least 3 times throughout the weekend (sometimes after a long night!) and had to wait 10-20 minutes for a staff member to come open her door. Also, internet and cell  service sucks. Like really, really sucks. I would visit the Mirage again. Great location, nice and modern rooms, amazing pool scene and a legit casino level.
1	The corporation as a whole is a joke, they don't even care about their loyalty customer,s, bad rooms, horrible prices, this hotel is definitely a dinosaur in the industry. I won't be investing this company anytime. CEO should make a surprise visit just for sake of quality control. The last visit I will make to any M Life Hotel!!!
2	Okay so im here at the moment. The casino is great and food is wonderful. Right in the middle of strip next to Caesars. My complaint is that when we checked in at 1130 pm one room was not ready!  We had to wait for the room to be ready which was a pain. When I come back to VEGAS I will be trying another hotel. They did nothing to accommodate the fact that the rooms weren't ready at almost midnight meanwhile check out is at 11. Maybe if they offered a late check out or a discount or an upgrade would have been nice. After traveling for 9 hrs would of been nice to NOT have aggravation. Also the water in the bathroom gets so hot I burnt my hands. Dont even attempt to put the hot water on!
3	Stayed at the Mirage May 2-May 4 of 2014 and had a nice time, but it's not my favorite Vegas property.Mirage's location cannot be beat--right in the middle of all the Strip action.The casino seemed a little underwhelming but I won $30 at penny slots so I can't complain (I'm not a huge gambler).I flew in later in the evening so my husband had checked us in, so I can't speak to the ease of check-in, but the lobby and all common areas of the resort are very well-appointed and well maintained. I really like the tropical oasis feeling and the kids we saw visiting sure seemed to as well.The pool was gorgeous and well manicured, although I found the chairs were a bit too close together. The pool itself was chilly but it was welcome on a hot May day.The rooms--very nice decor and clean. There is an iPod dock, a weird large chair/small loveseat that seems to fit 1.5 people, and plenty of storage. Very comfortable bed. We had a nice strip view that we enjoyed, and were not close to the volcano, so we didn't have any issues with noise. The windows actually open, which is nice to let in some fresh air, but ended up being a pain when it got windy.The closet was in the bathroom, which I found a bit inconvenient, but we made it work. The bathroom was probably my least favorite part of the stay. Only one sink, which made it tough to get ready quickly, and not a whole lot of counter space. The tub was standard sized, but the shower curtain seemed to be set up weird because it was impossible to not drench the entire bathroom when using the shower. The shower water pressure left much to be desired but I don't expect much from massive hotels.I really enjoyed the variety of restaurants at the hotel, and even took in a LA Kings playoff game at the Sports Book and met some nice other fans who shared their free drinks from betting with us. The crowd at Mirage seems to be a little older than the party/club crowd at some of the more happening resorts, but was still a mix of active nightlife type guests and older, relaxing-vacation/gambling guests, with some families mixed in. Something for everyone!Given the right price, I would stay at Mirage again. Just bring fewer toiletries!
3	I'm in Vegas on a business trip and staying at the mirage. I'll preface with the fact that I work in this industry and very critical. First, my check in experience is not what I'm a accustom to and the front desk agents need more training. There were 4 agents....2 we're not doing anything, 1 seemed new (which is fine) as he was asking lots of questions, 1 was slow but the agent I received was turning and burning. However,  using abbreviated verbiage and slang. Once I got to the room, the glasses were dirty. The sheets were not tucked in all the way, the hangers were torn up. I could go on but overall it had great ambiance and quite inviting. There is a lot of purple in the room. I ordered room service and it took approximately 43 mins when they quoted 45 so right on time. We'll see how the rest of the stay is.
2	I always wanted to stay at the mirage.  Now I would rather stay at the Excalibur.  Only good thing to say is that LOVE is playing there.
3	Decent casino! Easy to navigate self-parking, awesome and gigantic aquarium behind the check in desk, line moved quickly. Garden area in lobby is nice, casino floor is organized and there is a lot of signage to find your way around.Sigfried & Roy's Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat looks amazing, but sadly they close at 6:30 with last admission at 5:30, which we just barely missed. Adult entry $15 seemed a little steep.Revolution Lounge is Beatles-themed and small with pricey drinks (as expected in Vegas). Stack restaurant has tasty small bites.Overall, casino has many dining and entertainment options and is well-located.
5	I love this hotel.Very clean, not to big like the big hostels.They have adult pool(topples....)and love show is the best!!!Overall great vacation if you don't gamble!!!
5	My husband and I wed at the Mirage Pool Waterfall at 8:30PM on May 15th and it was absolutely beautiful (I'm a little bias, but we booked the location a year prior to our wedding so I wasn't sure what to expect) and exceeded my expectations. The wedding coordinator Christine was very attentive and quick to respond to emails. Since we don't live in NV this was our means of communication. I'm the type of person that prefers to select flowers, chairs, etc. from a few option more than 4 is too much pressure. At the Mirage you select all these things from a list of about 3, which is less stress. If you're looking for a destination venue with a beautiful back drop that will produce fab pics then you should consider this location. I would suggest this location for anyone who wants a nice wedding without the large price tag and not looking to go crazy. The venue is pretty affordable, however, we only had our ceremony because the price for the reception was outside of our price range (visit their website for prices and weekday's are cheaper).  If you have your ceremony at the Mirage they offer room discounts. If you do have your wedding at the Mirage and order the photography session make sure you take photos by the REVOLUTION sign as I guarantee they will be beautiful!We stayed on the 24th floor, the best thing about the room was the bathroom as it had two sinks, a huge mirror (great for getting ready), separate shower and tub. The housekeeping staff were awesome.  After our ceremony champagne was waiting for us in our room, this was a nice touch from our coordinator. We even used the laundry service to get my husband's suit steamed. We put a call in after the time frame and they accommodated our request and returned the suit back with ample time to spare.
3	This place is a bit better than okay. I ate at Samba while I stayed there. The food was not that great and neither was the service. The wait staff in the casino area is great.
4	The Mirage is excellent from the service all the way to the casino atmosphere!  The pool area is well above average
4	Oh Mirage. So many good memories. Super Bowl XLIII, the grand opening, room upgrades and more recently my bachlorette party. It's tropical themed. I've always loved their huge acquarium at the front desk. Can't beat the one at Golden Nugget's pool, but it'll do. Newest addition is a Kardashian store. Eh, whatevers. Not going to lie, but I miss the white tiger display :T-Gamble here. I rarely ever lose when I play. This is to say I only play a handfull of things like routlette, video poker and the occasional slots. It's kind of hard to secure a spot at the $15 Blackjack table- they're almost always full. -Location. Can't beat it! Within walking distance to Venetian, Ceasar's, Wynn, Treasure and Fashion Show mall. BTW- don't ask the taxi drivers to take you to Wynn. A lot of them get in a little hissy fit since it's so close. I mean, walkable when you're not sporting 5'' heels- you feel me? :X-Rooms. I finally got to stay at a large suite and was really impressed with the modern touches. It was so spacious!!! We had a one bedroom suite that connected to another room with a kitchenette. My only complaint would be that we could hear noises from the suite above us through one of our AC vents. The toiletries smell a lot better than what you get at other competing hotels too. A regular room is well worth the price. Comfy beds!-Bars & food. CPK, Carnegie, the buffet, BLT.. All pretty solid. The buffet's salad bar used to be my fav because they mix everything for you. -Gym. It's free and it's nice....
4	We really enjoyed our stay at the Mirage, the front desk check-in was smooth and we were able to get into our room early :)  The concierge was awesome in letting us change our VIP pool tickets to a different day as the weather in Vegas that day was "chilly".  The rooms were really comfy and the items in the Mini Fridge were perfect for me (but add more mixers like cranberry juice :) Thank you for a memorable stay!
3	I recently had a 3 night stay at the Mirage, and was for the most part impressed with the place.The valet service, especially, is prompt and courteous. Check-in lines can be quite long, however.The hotel has a couple of nice stores/restaurants inside. The buffet was nice, but somewhat overpriced for what you get compared to similarly priced buffets elsewhere on the strip, or at places like the M. .It's great that they have wi-fi everywhere, as slow as it maybe, and on the casino floor, the ventilation was pretty good at sucking up second hand smoke. I sprung for the room upgrade to the King tower rooms on 24-25. Except for the view, I can't really recommend justyfing the extra expense over the other rooms. They were still very small. Also irritating was the fact that all the electrical outlets were nowhere near the bedsides. Had to charge my devices on the desk in the corner, which is quite a hassle..Room service and housekeeping were all great.. Prompt and courteous.. The hotel location is also really good with easy access to other resorts/shopping.
2	A cut above the sleazy downtown hotels, but they close the pool at 7 pm. Never had that happen at a marriott. Room is mediocre. If the convention was not here I would not stay here and next time I will walk from another hotel.  Inside restaurants are mediocre that we have tried.  Staff generally is foreign and does not speak English that we can determine. Find another place to stay. There are many other better options.
3	I wish you could give half ratings on this website. I'd give this hotel a 3.5After visiting vegas a few times, I finally decided to try out The Mirage. For the most part everything was GREAT! Checked-in with a girl behind the desk. Her name was Ashley. SUPER SWEET GIRL!! She took off our resort fee of $56 for choosing to stay at the hotel. I had asked for a room with a view when I booked this hotel and got what I asked for. Room service is great!! (overpriced but you expect that in every hotel). The staff were very prompt and friendly. LOVE the hotel's atmosphere. The pool is a good size and there is a lot of room to spread out with your group. Food and drink service around the pool as well. VERY CLEAN considering all the drunk people everywhere with their beer bottles and whatnot. I only really have two complaints about the hotel.1. ROOMS- The rooms aren't as big as the pictures perceived them to be. The air conditioner was also in an awkward spot in the room, which left most of the room very warm. I wasn't expecting anything HUGE in terms of size, but I was expecting a little more space to move around. The bathroom was also a little on the small side. My biggest problem with the room was the door. IT ONLY HAD A DEAD BOLT. Most doors that I'm aware of have both a door lock and dead bolt lock. I think if they took the time to update the rooms, this hotel would be outstanding.2. RUDE GIRL WORKING AT REVOLUTION- I didn't get her name, but she had what most girls would call a "constant bitch face". Didn't spend anytime in revolution but had asked her for directions, I was very unimpressed with her bitchy attitude, I reported her at check-out. SORRY YOU HATE YOUR JOB SO MUCH HONEYThat being said, if I were to stay here again, id probably go for a bigger room.
4	We went to the Mirage on our trip to LV, but we didn't stay there.    We had their deli sandwiches and they were wastefully huge, and we didn't order the large sandwich.  The service was wonderful.   On another occasion we had lunch at the California Pizza Kitchen, but the service was the worst.  The waitress was not available, didn't care if our drink glasses were full.  It took 25 minutes to get her attention or the bill, but she was on target to pick up the money!  I would never, ever go back there.We also went there to see Kathy Griffin, who is hysterical.  She seemed a little scrambled, but the show is one not to miss.  I'm glad we went.We also went to the Mirage to see the dolphin and white tigers.  We got our AARP discount and enjoyed it.I am happy where we stayed, but the Mirage is a definite place to go.
4	I agree with Kelly H.  If there were half stars, The Mirage would get 3.5 stars. But, they don't deserve a 3 so I will upgrade them to a 4.There is a special place in my heart for The Mirage.  I have stayed here, at least 20 times.... I used to come here with my family at least once a year, sometimes twice.  Even though the place is still as magnificent as it was in the 90's, bigger things have come and taken its mojo.  The hotel itself is deserving of 4 stars, hands down.  They have one of the best pools in Vegas.  It's large, covered in palm trees and it even has a waterfall that takes over one of its pools.  The casino is large and spacious... A great mixture of table games and slots with a decent poker room.  Back in the day, Mirage's poker room was THE room, but now Wynn, Aria and Bellagio fight for that title.  The restaurants have all been updated for the most part and seem to be going the Celebrity Chef route (Heritage Steak and Morimoto, opening late 2014).... California Pizza Kitchen is still there though, and it's just as delicious as it was 20 years ago.  Way back when I remember The Mirage buffet being the BEST in town.  I would go with my family and have the best turkey and mashed potatoes, chocolate eclairs while my mom had prime rib and crab legs.  Times have changed and they revamped their buffet into Cravings.  Although not bad, this place isn't what the buffet once was.  The food is very generic and having dined at other buffets within the MGM Mirage resorts, I feel like it's the same food. I would much rather spend the extra $10 and go to Wynn Buffet across the street.  OK....Onto the rooms......There are two room types, a standard room with either a pool/strip view, volcano/strip view and a view of the west side of town (nothing)..... The standard rooms come with either a kind or two queen beds and a shower/tub combo. Having a shower/tub combo combined with a tiny bathroom makes this room completely outdated, no matter how comfy the bed is (more on the beds later!!) The water takes a long time to drain and the water pressure from the shower is almost non-existent. If you decide to close the door, expect the bathroom to be a steam room basically. Very hard when you're trying to get ready! The other room type is a Tower Deluxe Room on the 25th-30th floors. These rooms come with only a king bed but have a shower and separate bathtub, with a slightly larger bathroom. These rooms are pretty awesome and definitely deserving of 4 stars. What makes the rooms at The Mirage GREAT are the beds. The beds are one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The best beds in town are the ones at Aria & Wynn/Encore.....Bath products are upscale Aqua Lime and rooms come with an iron, safe, blowdryer and a desk with a comfy chair, for you business professionals. Wi-Fi is on the slower side and resort fees are $25 a night plus tax. The gym is large when compared to other hotel gyms, but not as nice as Aria or Wynn/Encore. The overall theme is that The Mirage is not as great as its more modern rivals, but still magnificent after all these years.My advice, stay in a Tower Deluxe Room and ask for a strip view room. If that costs more or around the same price as Aria, Wynn, Encore, Cosmopolitan or Mandalay Bay...Stay at one of those properties instead.
4	I like this hotel for one thing.  The location is great and the hotel rooms are Hilton-quality.  Its a great launching pad for a night on the town and have enough space to spread out when you crash at an affordable price.  The room quality is consistent and definitely more on the affordable side given the central location on the Strip.  During the downturn, we stayed here for $39 over the weekend one time.  It was amazing!  The prices are nowhere near that now but its still reasonable.  The only affordable place I like here is BLT and the discount for the in-house show "LOVE" is a great deal.  The pool is large and hardly has anyone in it since everyone is too busy sunbathing in the huge rows of chairs.
5	Loved my anniversary stayed at The Mirage, manager Zachary upraded our room to a strip view suite (25th floor). I would definitely recommend this resort yo my friends and family.  It's just perfectly located,  plenty of activities, the pool is great and the volcano show is a most.
4	My 3 friends and I stayed at the Mirage for my friend's 30th birthday weekend in Vegas, and all of our were impressed by what a great option the Mirage ended up being! The location was perfect - right on the strip, and about a 15 minute walk to the Bellagio, Cosmo, etc. We had a room with two Queen beds which was roomy and clean, nothing fancy, but perfect for what little time we were in our rooms. I had stayed at The Cosmopolitan Hotel the last time I was in Vegas, which was stunning, but Mirage was a great mid range option.I was initially worried it would be more of an older crowd - and while there were definitely a lot of middle-aged people staying there, there were also quite a few younger groups around late 20s early 30s for Bachelor parties, birthday parties, etc. The service was great, and the hotel was easy to navigate - it didn't take half an hour to exit the casino or a long time to wait for elevators at all (unlike the Cosmo). We got an Air Canada vacation package which included flights and hotel, and this hotel is a perfect option for those who are looking for a centrally located, clean, decent hotel at a reasonable price. Definitely recommend this!
1	Pretty much everything about this place is awful. I stay on the strip a lot and this is my first time here. Let's star with how crappy this place is:1) Cable is constantly pixelated and watching TV isn't possible unless you want to watch a constantly stuttering show.2) The worst internet ever, practically non-existent. The few times I could contact in the room page loads were so slow it took minutes to load a simple web page. I called several times and they couldn't fix, speed test was .08 Mbps. Finally they moved me to a so called "Internet Room" which supposedly had a router in it. It worked in the new room but was still very slow, speed test was about .4 Mbps. Barely passable to do basic web browsing. Apparently they are aware that there internet sucks here and have special rooms set aside for people that complain about it. Cable TV was even more pixelated in this room.3) 5-10 min wait times whenever I call the Front Desk.4) 5 min wait time when I called Room Service. Then they tell me they can't give me what I wanted because there supposed 24 hour kitchen isn't all working. Then they tell me I can't put it on my room because there systems are down. Then they call back 15 min later and say what I ordered also isn't available. I Finally told them to cancel the whole damn order.There's probably more bad stuff that I can't recall at the moment.What was good about it:1) Checking out and getting the hell out of there and never coming back.
5	We stayed at the Mirage 6/4-6/9 recently for our wedding we didn't get married in property but the service was amazing and everyone was extremely helpful and friendly . Will definitely be staying there again! Great food options in the casino and the Paradise cafe out by the pool is great as well
4	I stayed at the Mirage last week for my first trip to Vegas. It's a beautiful hotel and it's in the PERFECT spot. I love the part of the strip where this hotel is located. You're right in the middle of everything. They have a great pool, the "Secret Garden" is a cute little activity (not worth $15.00 but it's cute). They have great service, everyone is super friendly and helpful. They have lots of food options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Their club 1 Oak is SO MUCH FUN, especially on a Saturday night!!! Wow, it's what partying in Vegas looks like in movies, it's amazing! I enjoyed my stay at the Mirage and would definitely stay there again!Can't forgot my FIRST impression of the Mirage, when you walk in, you get hit with this amazing smell, I don't know what type of air freshener or whatever it is that they spray or have circulating in there but it smells SO good, it's like stepping in to heaven. Loved that.
4	Love the Mirage! Always clean and the pool is beautiful.  Highly recommend it's in the center of the strip and has a free monorail over to TI. Some have complained that the pool is not deep but I enjoy it anyway.  Has a relaxing bar, coffee shop, sandwiches,  pizza and burgers something for everyone.  It isn't the flashiest Hotel but is beautiful and relaxing. Try It You Will Be Hooked!
3	SO disappointed in my recent stay at the Mirage.I had stayed at the Mirage in April with my mom and had a great experience-- no issues, quiet and clean room-- no problems.I stayed at the Mirage with my boyfriend on June 4th and June 5th. We redeemed free rooms from our MyVegas account, and the night under my account was the 4th and his was the 5th. They charged us separate security deposits for each night. My boyfriend was refunded his immediately; I am still trying to get my $100, 10 days later. I have called the Mirage on the 7th, 11th, 12th, 13th, and 14th, trying to get my deposit back. I was given the run-around by different people each time I spoke to someone. First I was told that it takes a week to get my money back. When over a week had passed, I called again and was told that the reason I didn't get my money back yet and my boyfriend had was because different banks take different amounts of time to refund money. We have the SAME back and the SAME type of account so I knew this was not the case. When I explained this to them, they said well just wait and you should get it back. I called back the next day and was told to call back tomorrow to speak to the head cashier, who had already gone home for the day. I called back this morning and FINALLY got ahold of the head cashier who said "We already released the money back to you. Your bank won't give it to you for some reason." I was like, "That doesn't make any sense. I was told to talk to you because you are the person who authorizes charges to banks." She said, "Well I do, but I'm not doing that for you. You need to call the bank yourself." Thanks a lot bitch! Anyway, I called my bank and was told that the Mirage NEVER issued me my $100 back, so the bitch I spoke to today was clearly lying to me. I had to open a dispute with my bank for a $100 that the Mirage is apparently refusing to give back to me.The stay itself was disappointing as well. EVERY DAY we were woken up by screaming neighbors and the maids yelling in Spanish at each other down the halls. When you are out until 3am, do you really wanna hear people yelling in the hallways at 8am-- ESPECIALLY the people who work there?! What a joke! I would seriously caution against staying here. There are so many great places to stay on the strip that there's no reason to waste your trip here. It wasn't even worth it for the free room for all the headaches these idiots have given me. You would think that a hotel that has been around forever would understand how to refund an incorrect charge but apparently not! Stay at the Aria. Everyone was so nice and courteous and we got our security deposit back the next day. I will definitely not be returning to the Mirage ever.UPDATE: After being on the phone for nearly two hours, we cleared this up. They somehow gave my boyfriend an extra $100 instead of giving me my $100 back. if anyone else has an issue like this, speak to William, a manager at the front desk. He is very helpful and warm individual!! Thanks William!!
4	This casino is kind of jungle themed ... with all the plants and fish every where. Loved the Beetles show here and the volcano show! I really want to see the tigers next time!
1	Was having a great time until I realized they house six captive dolphins. Was shocked...they are literally in a swimming pool. Really sad. No thanks i'll stay elsewhere next time.
1	My boyfriend and I chose this hotel because we loved the lobby, but our stay and the rooms were beyond disappointing.  After staying 4 nights and 5 days we will definitely not be staying there ever again.  Long story short, the rooms were disgusting and our 4 nights there we were given 3 different rooms and NOT comped for how inconvenient our experience was.  Also, we were not able to talk to the manager at all about the problems we were having either.Issue #1: check in was ok. We were given a room that didn't look over the strip, just the freeways.  We asked for a strip view so we could see the volcano show and what not, but it wasn't a big deal.  On the surface the room seemed fine until the next morning at about 6am we were woken up by a waterfall coming out of the bathroom light fixture. Not just a little water but a full on waterfall that was loud enough for two very hungover and tired people to be woken up by.  We had to call the front desk twice (in about an hour period) and then actually go downstairs to have a maintenance person come up and check out the issue.  After waiting about 2 hrs for it to be "ok'ed" by someone we were told that it was also completely safe to take a shower and use the lights in our bathroom. We were told it was probably a broken pipe from the room above us and that as long as they didn't take a shower that we wouldn't have an issue? cheap, but we were both on vacation and I didn't want to ruin it.  After we showered and started getting ready all of our lights short circuited (probably because water and electricity don't mix), even thought according to the Mirage everything was "ok".  this is when we requested our first room change. NO way did we want to wake up again at 6am or have electrical problems in a resort room.  Sorry Mirage, but if i wanted waterfalls and no electricity I wouldn't have spent my vacation in Las Vegas... BEWARE, don't let them book you in room 5066Issue #2:  later that afternoon when we returned back to our room we had a voice mail from the front desk letting us know that we needed to change  rooms to another on the 4th floor right below us (forgot the room number). we had no help with our luggage but I was just happy that they listened to our complaints about the leak issue and relocated us. BUT the room we were relocated to had BLACK MOLD EVERYWHERE in the bathroom.  Immediately after walking into the room we noticed the very dank/musky smell the room had... at first we thought nothing of it, maybe it just needed to be aired out... It wasn't until my boyfriend and I started having headaches and becoming nauseated that we discovered the black mold issue. Not only is that beyond disgusting, it's also dangerous! We didn't get another room until 1pm the next day.  Our final room was 23033 and it was pretty good. the plumbing worked, and there was no black mold .  The room itself looked like it needed to be vacuumed and there was hair everywhere in the bathroom,  BUT those were doable for us.FINAL ISSUE! Mirage never comped us for the 2 failed rooms that we had... they waived our "convenience fee" ($28ish i think).  Other than that we had to pay IN FULL for the waterfall room and the black mold. The front desk never let us talk to the manager directly, just worked as the middle man, so we never got to express our concerns.  DEAR MIRAGE, you lost a customer!  We would of responded differently if we were not ill treated and actually refunded for YOUR disgusting rooms.But FYI, the employee Juan Martinez was very polite and professional. our stay from from June 12th-16th
4	This was our first time to stay at the Mirage. We were very happy. During check-in, Margo, was training a new guy. Do to the training it may have taken 3 minutes longer to check-in. However, Margo made it worth wild. She has a great personality, was teaching the new guy how important it is to take care of the customer. I'm sure Margo could write the book on customer service!! All of the Mirage employees were very helpful and friendly. The pool was awesome. Free parking was a big plus!! There is a Starbucks inside!!!! The hotel needs to add a coffee pot to the rooms. I love Starbucks, but can't go there in my underwear. We will return.
3	It's getting old. The room smelled oldy. The Parking structure is dirty. The buffet is great.The Mresort is the best!
1	DO NOT STAY HERE DURING EDC. First off, the pool is nice but super boring, no music at all. Had a horrible experience with the bell desk, who treated me like annoyance and not a paying customer after I lost my credit card and tried to receive it
3	This years trip was just OK. Seams this hotel is hit or miss, but not consistent with atmosphere, friendliness of staff and room selection. CPK is always good, the buffet is getting real good again, pool is still great and the secondary smaller valet staff is excellent. Other than that, it was just OK.
4	This is our 4th year in a row coming to Vegas for EDC week in June. I've stayed at a few different hotels ranging from a suite at the formerly known PH Towers, South Point Hotel, Suite at Treasure Island, Stratosphere and now Mirage. I'd have to say that without a doubt the best overall experience I've had was at the Mirage. I do think their rooms are a tiny bit over priced for the week we were there however. The hotel itself has nice amenities and we loved the pool (The do need more servers at the pools however). We tried most of the restaurants inside and the only one we did not like was the Carnegie Deli. The Carnegie Deli is a huge blemish on this hotel. They are very disorganized, slow and the foot options just don't all really make a lot of sense. We tried it last year and gave it another go this year and had almost identical bad experiences. As for the rest of the hotel the rest of the staff was always friendly and we had no problems. The beds in this hotel are down right amazing! I think we are going to order one of their pillow and comforter sets they sell in the hotel shop. Our biggest complaint would be the night club. Each night we returned to our hotel there were always some very unsavory individuals lurking about that had just left the club. One night a man was making very inappropriate gestures at my girlfriend making her very uncomfortable. Other nights there were just people being really loud and obnoxious coming from there, making her and I both a bit uneasy. We would love to see a dance music based night club in there. Great job Mirage, I think we will be back!
2	I was very fortunate to get an incredible deal on my room, so was able to enjoy it for a few more days. I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the bed, the room itself, the bathroom, and the amenities. If this is the "regular folks" room, I can only imagine the others.  I must say was very disappointed to find the snacks etc which are placed in the room, are not free.  Six dollars for a bottle of water..... yep..... wonder if that is how they make up the difference in the price for the room. Why bother putting them in there- I buy my own and for much less expense. Note, if you lift an item, it automatically gets placed on your bill. SO watch those kiddos, and if they pick something up- call the desk immediately so they can verify. Do the same if there are any items missing from the selection. Nightclub is a problem. The crowd extends well into the lobby path making it difficult to maneuver through. Also some pretty freaky looking folks hanging out there. I was traveling alone, so waited for crowd to get to elevator before getting on. It's Vegas- I trust no one...LOL.... I received one free meal with my stay. Big disappointment. The salad chef messed my salad up and insisted I take the one he made- he made it with blue cheese and I cant stand that stuff- and I was clear about that from the start, another chef stepped in and corrected my order. I also  ordered the prime rib, it was cold enough for grease to set in on the bottom of it, and little lumps of fat in the broth. What the heck happened here? Anyway, free or not, I will be off the strip at some nice steak house next visit.  Their buffet is right expensive, definitely not a good bang for the buck.
2	Throughout my 5 day stay here, I was locked out TWICE because THEIR lock was broken. I called the front desk using my phone to tell them that my card key was not working and that I was locked outside my room. They had told me that they would send someone up to my room and that it would take about 10 minutes or so for them to come up. 10 minutes passed, and then 15, and another 20.  I was sitting outside my room for a whole hour frustrated out of my mind because I was on a time constraint. In the end, the person they supposedly sent never came, but luckily for me, I had a friend staying at a suite on the 19th floor. When I came back a couple hours later, we went straight to the guest services to tell them again what happened and they moved us to a different room while they jumped the lock and got our things for us.Two day after the incident,  I requested room cleaning three times within the same day, and every time we got back to our room (after two or three hours) it was not clean. Called them up another time to express my frustration with their services and they apologized and they finally sent someone up to clean our room. After my experience here, my advice to you is to stay at another hotel/casino. The service here is terrible.
5	My boyfriend and i stayed at the mirage for two nights and absolutely loved it! The staff was super friendly, quick check in, crystal clean room, valet parking was easy as can be. the view was upgraded upon arrival so we had strip view and could watch dolphins swimming in the morning. the casino had a lot of classy people no bums. security was awesome and i felt really safe. cant wait until i stay there again!
5	Very nice Las Vegas hotel. The hotel is enormous, with about 3,000 something rooms. I know that doesn't even compare with some of the other ones, like Caesars or the Venetian. Check-in was extremely fast. It's sort of a long walk through the casino to get to the guest elevators, though. Hotel has a great selection of restaurants. A great location, right next to Caesars palace and across the street from the Venetian and palazzo. The pool is great and huge, but gets crowded and also there are usually many people having drinks on the edge. The volcano show is really something else! Definitely try to see that. Great stay, and would recommend to anyone. Great job, Mirage!
3	This was my first time staying at the Mirage.  I have stayed at A LOT of hotels in Vegas. This hotel is pretty good. It's not the Wynn or Palazzo, but my room was nice, updated and comfortable.     The casino is good, never saw table minimums below $10. You can find a good number of 25 cent slots which I like.     I did not find the restaurants very appealing and there is no good breakfast place. They have a buffet, I didn't try it. Instead we walked across the street to the grand lux at the Palazzo. We picked up a sandwich at the deli place. I'm gonna give it 1 star. $18 and it was only turkey and bread, that's it... Not cool.    The pool is good. I like the water fall, it's a great place to stay cool. You can get big $20 slushy drinks with hardly any booze at the dolphin bar. It's shady though with 3 big flat screens if you want to see a game.    Let's see. No real shopping, unless it's something you forgot. Good thing is the Caesar shops is right next door.  All in all I would say its a great hotel for families and people on a budget.
4	Love the rooms!!
3	Took my daughter and her best friend here for her 21st birthday. We all had an awesome time.Ate at BLT burger twice, and saw Cirque du Soleil - Love - all were amazing. Staff was pleasant and the room was clean and comfortable.However, I had to remove two stars because the first night we arrived, instead of the 2 queen bed room we reserved, we were put in a 1 king. They moved us the next day, but it was a hassle, I had to call twice for the rollaway, and they offered nothing to make up for what was their mistake.Although I enjoyed the trip, that was a bit of a bummer, and will lead me to look at other options the next time we visit.
4	ehh for the price i think this place is okay, and doable its not the most luxurious but its better than monte carlotheres some scuffs on the wall and stuff which takes away from the look but its still good! i recommend this if your going to vegas on a budget, if you got the cash then go to BELLAGIO!!!
1	I just had the most racist experience toward my wife and I by a cocktail waitress while we were at the mirage casino in Las Vegas 7/7/2014 playing slots.You would believe in this day and age America would have evolved, but instead it only got worst.We sat there for at least a hour while this blonde waitress asked and served everyone around us and didn't even have the decency to look our way  luckily we won a couple of hundred but we will never gamble there again. I'm an African American hard working man who wants to be treated equally in the U.S or where ever I go...
4	Love the Mirage!!"Other than a mysterious unexpected $9 room service delivery fee above the $100 we paid for cold eggs benny,toast and potatoes {Including $20 tip in cash},Or this review would have been 5 solid stars, everything was superb! Great room, polite housekeeping staff, wonderful restaurants! Pool was spectacular as always. Pristine property. Thanks Mirage!!
3	Very pretty entrances with waterfalls, rocks, and greenery. The place looks pretty average and kind of gave me that 90's feel. It was pretty nice walking by the glass dome. Probably not my top choice for resorts.
4	Nice interior.  I didn't stay here but we came by for the World Cup Finals match between Germany and Argentina.  They had a $35 all you can eat/drink promotional going on.  Unlimited Jack and Coke, beer, AND FOOD??  Ridiculous!!!
4	Stayed from 6-27 to 7-2 2014. Have stayed many times and it has always been GREAT! Love this place. We are poker players and we really like the feel of the poker room. The rooms are top notch as always. Only thing I didn't really like was the room service. took 1 1/2 hours to get 1 item. but oh well. Will be back for sure! I miss it already
1	We used to go all the time because we had such good experiences. Last two times have been awful. Rude staff- they don't care about you or your experience.
4	We had a great stay at the Mirage. There were four of us (we brought a 10 year old and 1 year old) and we weren't looking to spend too much...we got a really good deal and decided to book a quick trip! Probably wouldn't return as there's so many other options in Vegas for just a few dollars more a night.Pros:Great priceGood location on the stripWell designed rooms with lots of floor spaceBeautiful pool with lots of chairsCons:Room wasn't well cleaned at checkinBathroom had mold/dirt in the grout and the tub didn't drain, so grossPool only open 8am-8pm in the summerStuffy/hot rooms, the hallway was about 10 degrees cooler than our roomWalk from the car to the room was crazy, the least direct way to get from Point A to BNot many casual dining options
2	Previous stay here was great about 3 years ago.  This time our room card key didn't work...had to replace them twice.  We found that housekeeping didn't shut our door completely when we returned from breakfast.  Unacceptable.  We were awaken 3/4 nights that we stayed by different guests every night talking so loudly in hall between 2-6 a.m.  Lady across hallway was not pleased either, so she opened her door and told them to keep it down.  One night someone tried jamming their card key in our door until my husband yelled for them to stop.  Won't stay at this hotel again.
5	Wow! Really? a store called Kardashian Khaos....guess who owns this store lol lol they have everything from tshirts, playing cards, beach towels, fans with each Kardashian face, even the Mom Kris has a shirt that says "Kris is my fav"!  Soooooo interesting. For Kim to have done a sex tape for stardom, she sure has milked her career for everything it's worth! SmhAlso at 11am the Mirage has something called Bare where I guess you can be in the pool area topless? Vegas is something else! Talk about Sin City!
3	Not bad for the price you pay. Spacious rooms, beds, clean, quick service. I just hate that all their toiletries smell like men's cologne.
3	Just got back today from our SECOND stay at this lovely hotel.  I will admit I was shocked how we were UPGRADED for FREE to a petite Suite. I'm very grateful for myVEGAS slots (facebook & mobile game).  I earned our room and I've got a ton of loyalty points. I just wish you could redeem the room rate more than once.. If you're a couple it's not so bad. I play on the boyfriend's account to earn double the rewards. You're allowed up to 3 redeems in a rolling 30 day period.I have to mention I'm a local & I did book this stay just to get away from the same crap different day feeling. I don't stay for more than one night. We've never had maid service. I've heard many horror stories so PLEASE FOLKS. Use the safes in the rooms! I was thoroughly pleased with our last visit May 8th 2014, our anniversary.I booked it this time I couldn't believe the value I got. $59 plus the 12% resort fee & another 12% room tax.  Plus the 25 dollar resort fee. Our last visit was had a basic room with a king bed. I thought the room was beautiful. This time we were right at the elevator. I was amazed when we saw our room number as we excited the elevator. I was ecstatic. My eyes light up when we opened the doors, I guess I don't get out much. It had his & her's bathrooms. A super comfy bed just like the last room. The view was of the backside of the building with a mountain view. I thought it was great. You could see palace station & the stripper bars. We turned off the lights at night in the room to check out the view.What I'm upset about is this morning our check out was LOVELY. George the bell man was so polite & happy to know we were there for a daycation. We went to the M life desk because the last time we stayed they had comped one of our meals each. One for breakfast, one for dinner. on top of the myVEGAS rewards I had loaded to our account. So the meals were basically free. We went this time & the lady at M life was miserable & could of cared less. She was complaining about how she had been up since 7 am after we mentioned we were exhausted from staying up until 4 AM hoping we had comps for breakfast. She said, "NO, sorry. Just $4 in express comps".  My boyfriend replied, "That's funny, wonder WHY they comped us the last time we stayed?", we decided it was time to check out. The Check out was not has memorable as our last. The girl hid her name tag, behind her hair. Didn't ask us how we were or how was our stay here, no concern.Then for the bell guy down at the main valet.. We handed him the ticket. He told us to go to valet, he met us there & and soon as he dropped our stuff off he started mumbling on under his breath. So then we finally got the car, valet comes roaring up in our new car that's barely a month old, like a bat out of hell. He misses his coworker that wasn't paying attention pulls the car around the car parked in valet & stops. Boyfriend went to reach in his wallet for a tip & he says to my boyfriend, "Don't worry about it, I don't need it". Not sure if he was referring to the tip or the valet slip.  He could of been less of a miserable person. We didn't even bother giving him a hard time about the car. All the valets tell us they love the car. Maybe he was just having a good day & somebody tipped big. We tip fair.I don't understand. Our anniversary was nice & we were treated so highly. Today everybody had a stick up their butts. What the heck just happened? I'm confused. Our room was great but now I'm torn between giving this place an, "A-OK" and a "YAY! I'm a fan."  I'm a fan of the rooms but the way we were treated was inexcusable. From M life desk, to check out, to bell guy to the valet.A smile & a friendly greeting goes a long way. I always smile when I'm a guest. I don't want to be the memorable unpleasant guest.  I'll give them another try next year, since I'm so on the fence. Definitely was not, "As good as it gets". Not this time. Last time they waved our fees & this time we paid...... oh well. Very disappointed. The only thing I was pleased with, we managed to keep our Pearl Status by taking this trip.  Make sure you always use your player's card. You earn points at all the MGM properties. You earn more from shows than you do gambling. Sign up is free at M life desk.
4	We had an awesome stay here. It's a pretty moderately priced hotel and I really like the theme of it. The rooms are nice and so is the casino and rest of the hotel. The staff was nice upon check in and they upgraded us to a strip view room! Woo! Everyone loves getting upgrades. Check in was quick and there was no line. We were there before check in time, so they said they would text us when our room was ready which we thought was cool. But we never got the text! Around 2/3 we called the hotel and asked if our room was ready and they said it was and they were sorry we didn't get the text. So I'm not sure if that texting thing happens all the time or if it was just with us. But either way we weren't too happy with that. The rooms are nice. I love the headboard on the bed and I love the theme! The bed was super comfortable and I loved the pillows. The bathroom was your typical hotel bathroom. It wasn't huge but it was a decent size. There was only two of us staying in the room, so we didn't have too much to worry about anyway with placing things in the bathroom. Love the garden. It's nice to walk through and it's a nice touch to have some green in the hotel. I didn't really gamble but the casino was pretty big. It took a while to walk to the elevators for our rooms. I'd recommend trying this hotel out. It's nice and pretty decent priced.
4	A beautiful hotel.  It lobby is serene and provides immediate relief when you first walk in to check in after a long drive or flight to Vegas.  It has a free tram connecting to Treasure Island.
4	Homies and I stayed Mirage for the weekend. We had options between, Caesars or Mirage and decided to stay here because we could get to 1 Oak quicker and better yet we got in for FREE! Just showed our hotel keys and got the night started! The Casino isn't that bad as well! Plenty of tables high and low and tons of slots spread throughout the floor. As well as some places to eat & even a starbucks! As to our rooms, it was very comfy, I remember our two queen beds were suffice for four grown ass men! Next time i'm in Vegas, i wouldn't mind staying here again fosho! GLM Approves! plus I won $56 off the penny slots and turned $60 bucks into $250 on the BJ tables :)
3	just returned from my stay this weekend. i thought the hotel was very unorganized. i got locked out of my room 'cause the the night lock/ hatch got stuck on the door without anyone being in the room. i called the front desk all day to get my luggage out of my room which had to be done asap since they gave me the wrong rooms the night before (i booked 2) and i had to switch rooms. they didn't understand what the problem was with the hatch and assumed i couldn't get in my room 'cause i already approved the room switch however the key still worked but the hatch was obviously not letting the door open all the way. even room service employee was trying to figure out what was up with my room door and how the the hatch was on. she said i should call the front desk 'cause she had to clean it. when i finally got through to the front desk for some reason instead of sending maintenance they sent security. finally i saw a maintenance man walking the hallway and told him the problem and he fixed it in seconds. even checked the room and said it was probably haunted. and the room switches, i waited all day for them. they kept saying theyll be ready in an hour, then half an hour, then half an hour later they would be ready in another half hour. i basically just wasted my whole friday on room switches and waiting for someone to fix my room door so i can collect my stuff. it was kinda disappointing because i've stayed here before and really liked my experience. don't think ill return to this hotel. i have had way better experiences at other mlife hotels. The rooms were clean and there was a lot to do within the casino during my stay. in addition, my previous experience was really good which is why i decided to give 3 stars. I don't know why I was having so much bad luck this time around.
5	This review is for the villas and lanais in rear of casino. Each has a private swimming pool in your private backyard. They are massive. You enter from the casino in an unmarked door to a serene hallway. Butlers. Private all powerful concierges. Every detail. While the Aria may be new and offer the Crystals for shopping and Barmasa and Ceasar's may have the Forum Shoppes and Nobu...this is the true Vegas sweet life. Tables of all limits. Accessible. Fun restaurants. Lots of action. Love this place.
5	Cravings was excellent ! One of the best buffets in Vegas hands down. Prime Rib was melt in your mouth , roasted turkey and gravy delish! The Asian selections were vast and all very tasty. The buffet is set up with each station a different cuisine. Bbq, carving station, Asian, Italian, etc AND you get all you can drink beer and wine for $30! I will be back for sure
3	We love the mirage...our first stay was the best because we got a tower suite and it was the best. This time we got an upgraded king room and it was nice just a little pricy for what it was. I upgraded for a Jacuzzi tub but got a soak tub and I wish they had a fridge so that you can take your own beverages.We will come back again tho.
2	Mirage was a bummer. We checked in at 3, and they gave us the wrong room type. They didn't have the requested room ready, so we waited a bit in the casino, and went to our new room about 7. The key did not work, TWICE, and every person we came into contact with was rude and acted as if we were idiots who couldn't open a door. An hour after our initial try the security guard responded to my husband's irritation with rudeness. She wouldn't allow him to finish a sentence and continually contradicted my husband and was condescending. The head of security was more of the same. They were uneducated and crude, and we only wanted to get into a room, that, may I remind you? WE WERE PAYING FOR. The lock on the door was broken, and it wasn't until 10:00 and four different attempts that we got into a room, causing us to miss our show. While the hospitality staff was pleasant, and our cabana experience was nice,  the experience with security left a bad taste and ruined it. Paying customers deserve to be treated well. I'm sure that the Mirage is fine as long as there are no snafus, but we were assigned a room with a faulty door lock and treated as if we were criminals who were trying to ruin their day instead of vice-versa. With all of the hotels vying for customers and falling over each other to provide the best customer service, this came as a shock. We will not be back.
3	I didn't have a bad experience, but I was underwhelmed during my most recent stay in Vegas. Our room at The Mirage was fine, but nothing special. I did leave the pool rather quickly as I kept getting a whiff of sewage every minute or so. It was really unpleasant. It's a reasonably priced hotel and gets the job done but I don't plan on staying here in the future.
4	This was the first time I have stayed at the Mirage. The prices were great! They do add the resort fee which can be irritating, I would rather just have one price and have it all included. Seems like just a new way to get another $25 a night. Despite how old this casino is, you would never know it. The rooms are extremly well maintained. No issues what so ever with cleanliness, older stuff, etc. Was very happy. In Vegas we are never in our room long so I prefer the more reasonable rates like they had to the fancy ameneties of other places which is nice if you are in the room a lot but we were not. They do have a really nicely stocked mini bar that has some interesting items in it! Room is good size, shower has great water pressure, and the rooms are quiet. Customer service was fast and friendly checking in. A very long line only took 5 minutes since they had all the counters open helping people check in. If you stay here, you get a discount at the shows and secret garden which is a nice bonus.
1	DO NOT BOOK HERE! I paid with points for a bachelorette party and on the day of my arrival had a family emergency land me in the hospital, canceling my trip. When I called to alter the reservation so my friend could still keep the room without me there, I was told I had to call the obscure 3rd party agency that booked it. Mind you, this room is paid in full, under my name, and I'd already changed the room type and check-in time via phone with The Mirage earlier in the week, yet this nasty woman keeps cutting me off to insist NO CHANGES can be made through them directly. (Guess I imagined all that!) Finally, I get the 3rd party agency to call The Mirage and make the changes, only to have them come back and tell me it's actually been at the discretion of the hotel THE WHOLE TIME and they are simply refusing to update the name on the reservation because it's "against their policy", so I'll just have to cancel the room I already paid for and re-book it at a new rate, including a one-night cancellation fee. Are you kidding me!? After much argument and nearly three hours of back and forth phone calls, the hotel eventually relented, but I will never stay at this establishment again, and I will make it my personal mission to ensure that everyone I know avoids The Mirage moving forward.
4	Just stayed here with my boyfriend for three nights from the 12th to the 15th. Originally we weren't going to go on a trip this summer but as soon as we saw some good deals (namely, the prices at the Mirage) we booked our trip as soon as we could. We do not regret it at all! We had a great room for the price we paid, with a nice view of the pool and the rest of the strip, as well as the Rio and Orleans off strip. The room was comfortable, and the bed was amazing! There were, however, two things I did not like about the room. First off, the shower was odd. I don't know if it was the water pressure or the amount of space it had, but shaving in it was very hard - it felt like I could not get enough water on my legs no matter whether I was facing it or facing away from it. No bueno. Secondly, they did not provide a "do not disturb" door sign or other equivalent sign. Not a big deal, but seems weird given that it's a very basic hotel amenity. The rest of the hotel was beautiful. Personally, the atrium in the lobby was my favorite, especially during the daytime. I regret not getting a picture of it. Overall, it was a great hotel, easy to navigate, easy to check in, easy to check out, etc. The staff we encountered were all pleasant and so were most of the guests (watch out for those who will press the buttons for every floor in the elevator, leave the elevator, and leave you and other guests to find out that you get to stop every floor for 16 floors!). We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others, especially if you like the tropical vibe!
4	This was my third time in Vegas and the second best hotel that I stayed in. The worst was Circus Circus and the best was The Mandalay  Bay. The Mirage was pretty decent, it was clean for the most part and not crazy expensive. I checked out some reviews on Yelp and they weren't too bad so that was a good thing.Got there on a Sunday around 11am expecting to wait to check in because check in was at 3 or something. Surprisingly they checked me with no problem so I was happy about that. The employees were pretty nice and helpful which is always a plus in my book. I got to my room and it was a nice size but the bathroom was a little small for my liking. Also the bathtub was just a regular size which is fine because I didn't reserve a suite or anything.They have some decent places to eat like a burger spot I went to it wasn't the best burger I had but it was good. The star of that burger spot was the milkshakes which I had a Twinkie shake but it needed more caramel. I didn't spend too much time at the Mirage because I was at the Venetian across the street which has a pretty nice food court. My favorite was the Haagen das ice cream, the pizza and the lobster.So if I came back to Vegas would I stay at the Mirage probably not but I did enjoy my stay and it was affordable. There wasn't anything really bad about the Mirage but it wasn't my cup of tea.
4	Ive been to Vegas twice, and both times have stayed at the Mirage. There is no need to stay elsewhere. You want to talk about the "prime" location, it doesnt get better than this. Right smack in the middle of the strip, easy access to anywhere.From the moment my G.F. arrived, the staff is very friendly. We arrived around noon and our room we booked was ready (did not book a strip view because I was going to try for a room upgrade). I cant remember the guys name at the front desk that we had, but when I asked for a room upgrade, he did not hesitate at all and gladly upgraded us. We just had to wait a few hours because the room was not ready. We had no problem with that because that gave us some time to go get some lunch. By the time we were done eating, our room was ready.The room was clean, the bed was extremely comfortable, and even though the tv was acting up a tad, no complaints at all with the Mirage. The hotel/casino is very easy to navigate. The Mirage pool is the king of pools. Staying at the Mirage just for the pool is worth it. When you see it you completely forget you are in the middle of the desert. It is a complete relaxation atmosphere. The water is the perfect temperature. Especially when you are sitting in the Vegas sun, you just go right into the pool and lounge around. The water temperature is absolutely perfect!The pool area fills in very quickly, so if you want a good seat in the prime real estate, make sure to get there as soon as the pool opens. Being there early is totally worth it. A lot of people save chairs for others, and a lot of chairs just sit there with towels on them with noone using them so just scope out the area and wait until you see someone get up. We got to the pool late one day and some little, friendly old lady had saved 7 seats!!! and she was there alone, but when the guy next to her left, she moved over to the end of the row. It was actually really funny to hear talk on the phone and say she had taken 7 seats. As we saw this guy leaving, we walked over and with no hesitation she gladly gave up 2 of her seats for us. Not to mention, there are some good food spots for quick eats in the hotel, including BLT burger, Carnegie and Blizz frozen yogurt. When you find a good spot, you stick with it, and both times I have not had any issues with the Mirage. This is my hotel choice and will not even think about staying elsewhere.
4	Great location, friendly staff, clean rooms, awesome pool, plenty of restaurants.Only complaints:They need to hire some more employees to help with the cabs out front. The cab line is consistently long and there are always 50 cabs waiting in line. And I don't know what it is about Vegas that makes people load into a cab so slowly. This is a problem at every hotel in Vegas though so I won't hold it against Mirage.As in all casinos in Vegas getting any internet through your cell phone is going to be hard/impossible. Even by the pool you can't get your cell phone to connect to internet. They said the rooms had WiFi and it came with the resort fee.... I turned my laptop on a couple times and never had any luck connecting. Or the computer/phone would just report that there were no wifi signals available. So if you were planning on staying here and getting some work done you might want to look elsewhere.
1	Only 4 people working behind the check in desk at 6pm on a Tuesday with over 40 people waiting in line to check into their rooms? Come on Mirage.Also, if you plan on using the internet in the room, prepare for slow reception and dropped off connections. Bad hotel if you plan on needing the internet in your room for doing business during your stay.
5	excellent hotel. confortable. beds and clean sheets and confortabeis. however not take anything from the fridge to put your things because they will be charging even if you do not consume anything. The internet is included in the resort fee, but does not work, you can not access the internet.
2	Location is good, rooms are ok, my expectations were much higher compared  it to other hotels in the strip. We had breakfast at the Carnegie deli..wrong decision... service and food are below average. . Food is expensive not worth it for your money.  We had a breakfast with a bagel. .we ask the cream cheese and the waitress respond it that will be $2.99 more..for a Cream cheese?.
4	We have been to vegas three years in a row and this was our best trip yet! I can say it is solely for the mirages sake!! We were there for five days and stayed at the mirage a majority of the time! The pool was beautiful and big, service was awesome and the drinks were a good price. Comment would be that they don't refill the big drinks, which can be a bummer because we ended up with six large cups we couldn't do anything with. We also ate at the poolside eatery and it was really good! People might say something about price, but their prices are worth what you pay for. You just can't go to vegas and expect things to be five dollars...it won't be worth it!! Rooms were nice, but our room had some issues. That's okay though because they made up for it, and that's all I can ask for! Plus, see the concierge (I think I spelt that right?) across from the check in desk for tickets to the Beatles love show, even if you aren't staying there... You get a discount for being a m life member period!! Get your tickets there because the show love was out of this world amazing!!!! A must see! We went to the secret habitat as well, and I painted with the dolphins! Amazing experience!! You have to give it a go!! When in Vegas.... Haha have fun with it!! One last thing, overall rating is awesome. All the drinks, service, manageability and customer service is overall great! Room service is not expensive, people treat you well, and the casino is beautiful. Please don't overlook this casino... I like it much better than the Bellagio!
5	What a great experience. (Perhaps I am biased since I got a comped room thanks to playing myvegas slots on Facebook but it would have been awesome even if I had payed.) The line was long but it moved quickly. We were able to check in around 12pm which was awesome and the girl at the front desk was so nice. Not only did she upgrade us to a volcano view room but she waved our resort fee so we ended up paying zero for the room stay. The room was very nice and comfortable. We were not kept up by outside noise other than our friend who snored like a buzz saw (next time they are getting their own room). Anyway, we decided to go for a swim in the pool after checking in. The water is icy cold but you get used to it quickly (thanks to the scorching hot weather.) It is a beautiful pool and there were plenty of empty lounge chairs to lay down on or place your items on while you take a dip in the pool. We also ate at the buffet (delicious) and saw Love (amazing). We only stayed one night though which made me very sad. Next summer we will stay here again and use our Vegas points for 4 nights instead of one. I seriously can't wait to go back. Get a Volcano view room and have fun. You won't be disappointed.
4	First, I'd like to review the bad things about this hotel while they're fresh in my mind, and why I took off a star from this review. In short: Broken air conditioner went unfixed even though they sent up a facilities guy twice, but they moved us to a new room. In-room internet access is so slow it's useless, even though you're paying for it in your daily Resort Fee. Everything else was fantastic and The Mirage exceeded my expectations considering it's an older Strip resort. Now, to the details:I tried the $20 donation trick at 11AM with the very pleasant lady checking us in and even though the bill was politely returned, she gave us a "Strip view upgrade", but the room wasn't ready yet. We were texted a couple hours later with our room number. Happily we went up to the 14th floor and got settled in our room. Only after returning a few hours later did we realize our air conditioner was broken - it was blowing air, just not cold air. Seeing as it's the end of August and it's 108 outside, our room quickly heated up to about 76 degrees. The thermostat was broken and we couldn't change the set point. We called the front desk, they said they'd send a guy up, and we went out to dinner. When we returned, the room was still too warm, but the thermostat was fixed. We figured we'd let it settle for the night and maybe in the morning the room would be nice and cool. Changing the thermo to 66 did not make the actual air conditioner blow cold air. We both slept like crap as the room temp increased to probably 84 degrees during the night. In the morning, we called down and they offered to send another maintenance guy "up right away" to fix things, and put a room on hold in case it couldn't be fixed. We went out for a few hours, returned, the room was still hot (and the guy hadn't come yet), so we called down to the desk and they switched us to a new room right away. We were sweating like crazy as we re-packed our bags (it had to be at least 88 in our room by then), and fortunately our existing keys worked fine in the new room down the hallway. So, not so good about the unfixable air conditioner and the crappy night sleep, but great about how they moved us right away as soon as we said we had enough.Both wired and wireless internet access in our 2 rooms on the 14th floor was a complete, horrible failure. If I was staying at the Mirage for business I simply wouldn't be able to work at all in my room as there was absolutely no way to maintain anything near a usable internet connection, wired or wireless, using my phone, my tablet, or my laptop. I spent a very aggravating hour in my room trying to download a few PDF menus for various Vegas restaurants and I could never get higher than 75kb/s. Often it was more like 40kb/s. Considering your "free internet access" is part of your $30/day resort fee, it's completely unusable.Both of our rooms were very nice. Wide open floorplan, with a desk-like writing console attached to one wall. Marble entry way that gave way to carpet - it looked very nice. No extra walls blocking sight lines. It was one big room, very well decorated in a modernish art theme, with a 36" flatscreen TV, alarm with iPod dock, two phones, mini-bar fridge that you couldn't store your own stuff in. Plenty of lights, and the windows actually opened up a little bit so you could let in fresh air. Bathroom was fine, normal sized tub/shower, all the fixtures looked high end and modern, and again exceeded expectations.The casino was decent. Not as wide open or as vast as say The Venetian but a good size and without an oppressive, smoky feel to it. A wide variety of machines and table games, including video Craps and video Roulette. Drink service while playing was excellent. I wasn't seated anywhere for more than a few minutes before a waitress came around. At the lounges, a 32oz draft beer and a Cosmo was $28, which I found to be about average on the Strip.The MLife card is accepted here but the card rewards are a joke, unless you plan on gambling $10k or more during your stay. We gambled quite a bit at the MLife / MGM properties over the 4 days and I didn't even come close to earning a free T-shirt let alone a dinner or a show ticket.  Carnegie Deli was great, Starbucks was slower than at home. They do serve unlimited beer (including a good IPA) and wine and champagne in the buffet, so you could probably get pretty wasted in a cost effective manner.Checkout was fast and courteous, and they had ample people at the desk plus a parade of other guys checking you in the line to make sure you didn't want to use their Express Checkout. Bell desk was great, doormen were great, everything was much better than I anticipated. Every single Mirage employee I dealt with exceeded my expectations with their courtesy and demeanor. If the price remains comparable to other Strip resorts, I will definitely go back to the Mirage on our next stay.
4	Stayed here for 3 days over Labor Day weekend. We have had a really great time with excellent service. The pools here are fantastic. Great bars. Cravings is a great buffet. The only reason I gave it 3 stars and not 4 is bc the dolphin exhibit made me really sad. Location is great and close proximity to a lot.
3	Beautiful hotel, but the staff was so unhelpful! Why weren't we told at check-in about the M Life card that gave us discounts to most of the hotel's services not to mention the Beatles Love Show? How about the inter-hotel monorail? Would have been nice to know about it before we walked in 106 degree weather to see the sights all week. Either the staff is not well trained or just simply don't know guest perks themselves. Ridiculous.
3	Stayed here with some friends over Labor Day weekend for three nights. Overall, it was a nice hotel.Pros:Room service provided very delicious breakfast.Lighting in the bathroom was AWESOME for doing make-upPlenty of mirrors and closet space.Comfortable beds.Nice View.Cons:"Free" wi-fi is completely useless.When we ordered room service (which we did several times) we'd call to have them pick up the trays outside, which they wouldn't do for several several hours.Housekeepers tended to enter the room without knocking first.I enjoyed my stay here very much, but having NO wireless internet, and virtually no reception at all, my phone became useless as soon as I entered the room.
2	Great location on the strip. Hadn't stayed here in 17 years but the rooms are still really nice. They've kept them updated and clean. Feels smaller than most Vegas resorts which is nice.On another note, I am completely against the fact they have a dolphin show on the hotel premises! How can they keep these poor beautiful creatures captive. They really should watch the documentary The Cove and see what industry they are supporting. Because of this I refuse to stay there again until they remove this "attraction" or so they call it.
1	Not bad not Amazing either... Very basic hotel. Crowd is......After I got home I got random charges on my credit card and when I called to tell them they said they can't help and if I want I can dispute the charges.
4	This was my first visit to Vegas and it was amazing! I hardly ever write reviews but, as I enjoyed my stay at The Mirage, I knew I had to!I went during Labor Day weekend and arrived on a Saturday night. Checking in was quick and easy. Our rooms were ready and it had a nice view overlooking the pool. Every place we went inside the hotel was exceptional. From the hotel staff to the staff in every restaurant and store; the service was great! I was amazed at how nice they were (maybe that's the New Yorker in me... idk). Also the food at BLT Burger and Stack was amazing as well. One of the best burgers and steakhouses I've been too. I actually went to BLT Burger 3 times during my stay. Samba House was good, not great but, that could of been because I ordered the all you can eat and after the first few meats, I started to feel sick. However, the service was one of the best I've experienced. You can pass on Cravings Buffet... only the orange juice and coffee were good. Didn't care for the breakfast and didn't even bother trying the lunch. 1 Oak is a fun club to go to on nights were you don't want to leave the hotel and the lobby bar is great too. Check out was extremely quick... I received an email, looked over my charges to make sure everything was accurate and clicked check out. As you walk out the elevators in the lobby, they have a mailbox to drop your room key in. I didn't have to wait on line or anything. It was the quickest and easiest checkout and I didn't have to talk to anyone!I went with a friend however, this hotel is very family orientated. It seemed to have more families than single groups.  The cons:1. You pay for the wifi (it's apart of the resort fee) however it never worked. And don't  bother calling the front desk for help with it either. I did have 3G on my phone however, it would take forever to load and sometimes not at all.2. No outlets by the bed which to me is odd but, it is an old hotel. 3. The room key worked when it wanted... if I went into my room and the key worked the first time around, it was a miracle! Overall I had a blast in Vegas and the cons weren't bad enough to make me feel otherwise. The pros at The Mirage definitely outweigh the cons: great food, staff, service, and checkout. The only reason why I wouldn't stay in The Mirage the next time around would be because I rather be closer to the center of the strip.
3	The last time I was there was maybe 4-5 years ago to watch LOVE.  I noticed that the casino floor had a make over.  So based on the pictures, I decided to book this over TI.  I was not very happy with the look and feel of TI when I was there 3-4 years ago.  I have to say that I was a bit surprised with the hallway and look of the room.  Even though our view is of the freeway and rooftops, the room itself was nicely renovated.  Enough room and nice queen sized beds to top it off.  I do have a few complaints I'd like to list here for others to take into account when deciding to stay here.  The bathroom is on the small side for a Resort of this nature.  Would have liked to have a bigger bathroom and not have to worry about touching the toilet bowl when coming out of the shower.  Don't need to have to wash myself again when I just did so.  Others have mentioned that the wireless here sucks and they are absolutely right.  I was getting less than 1mbps and most of the time was like .10mbps.  That's pretty bad for a 4-5 star resort.  Why are we paying a $25 resort fee when most people don't use the pool, fitness center or can't use the internet.  A word of warning.  If you have AT&T and are on the side facing the freeway, you are not going to be very happy.  But I have found at times that using my cellular worked better than the wifi.  Verizon users on the other hand should be getting about 16mbps according to my speediest.  The last complaint is the TV.  According to their channel guide, there are HD channels.  I don't know who configured these TV's but the HD channels were not HD at all.  It felt like I was in a cheap motel as most of their TV's suck.  To top it all off, I had to be careful where I stood in the room as the TV would lose signal when I stood in certain spots.  From the looks of things, it looks like the TV is running off of rabbit ears instead of cable.  I didn't make any complaints as it would have been pointless and management wouldn't have done anything to remedy the issue.  The best thing about this hotel however, it that it's pretty centralized to Ceasar's, Venetian & Wynn.  The casino floor is pretty nice also.  There always seem to be people around, but not overly crowded.  I didn't have a hard time finding an open slot machine or finding a spot at the craps table.  I did like that the craps table was $5 during the day.  I would consider staying here next time.
3	This was our first visit to this hotel but our 6th visit to Las Vegas.We chose this hotel based on price (great deal on retailmenot.com) and what the pool looked like since we knew MOST of our time during the day would be in the water.The Staff:Our check in was very easy and since we were there celebrating our anniversary, they allows us to check out at 3pm and waived the $30 late checkout fee. Unfortuantly for us, that was all they could do since we had already paid the hotel in full. The Bell hop was also very gracious and helpful with keeping our bags safe and hailing a taxi out front for us.The Room:We "upgraded" for only $25/day to a Resort Tower King room which promised a strip view and a few extras we were sure to use. The 'strip view' wasn't straight out of our window and technically we had to crank our necks to the left so that wasn't worth it. What was nice is that these rooms included private elevators to the 24th and 25th floors, spacious bathrooms, dual sink vanity, soaking tub and separate walk-in shower in the bathroom. Those upgrades were worth the splurge.***We lost power in our bathroom and hour before checkout and maintenance NEVER showed, despite TWO phones calls. Very dissapointing and unacceptable .***The room's & pool's Wi-fi was nice to use each day and since you're FORCED to pay $25/day for it, might as well take advantage when you can.The Food & Drinks:Vegas has gotten down right RUDE with their pricing. Expect to pay TWICE as much as you would back home (Seattle for us) but at least most of what we ate was really great. We have the best meals at California Pizza Kitchen and great wings at the BLT place but also had a handful of dissapointing meals. This included breakfast at the Deli and a horrible chicken caesar salad at the poolside restaurant. The next day the hubby and I shared a FANTASTIC club at the same place (super big and satifying) so go figure.Expect to pay $5 for a coke and $15-24 for a drink with a couple shots of the good stuff while laying poolside. Crazy to think about spending that kind of money but when it's 100 degrees outside, you'll do just about anything to cool down.The Pool: Waterfalls, palm trees, friendly serve staff and overall a very relaxing experience. We were VERY surprised to see the same amount of trash (bottles, cigg butts, bottle caps, food wrappers EVERY morning we were there. There is no excuse for this and they really should clean up each night after closing. Makes the place looks trashy.The Show:We saw the Beatles LOVE show and it was honestly the best Cirque du Soleil show I've ever seen, hands down. The staff were very friendly helping us find our seats and chatted with us about our event before we were sat. It's a MUST see!!!
4	We were very pleased with our stay at the Mirage in Las Vegas.  We booked our trip through Travelocity and got a pretty good rate, complete with a $50 food/beverage credit.  We had an early flight, so we arrived in Vegas around 10am.  Check in is 3pm. Oh no.  Well, turns out The Mirage rocks.  I went to the front desk to ask if they may hold our bags until check in, that way we wouldn't have to lug our luggage around.  She did better than that, she said our room was already ready to go.  Sweet! The woman that helped us was so nice! Great first impression. I will note that you will have a $200 deposit.. no matter what.  We found it strange since our room was already fully paid for months in advance, but oh well.  Resort fees are about $30, which is standard at any hotel on the strip. Our room was gorgeous, we had a strip view and we were on the 22nd floor.  The view was so nice, especially at night.  The decor was very modern, and the room was comfortable.  No complaints.  The walls were a bit thin as we could hear people conversing outside, but it wasn't to the level of bothersome. The bathroom came complete with shampoo, conditioner, face wash, body wash.. yay! Oh, and skip the mini-bar! Unless you want to pay $6 for a water bottle.The reason I'm giving a 4 star instead of 5 is because of the hotel itself.  I noticed that the casino in the Mirage was quite smokier than some of the other casinos we visited, but I guess that's just something you have to accept in Vegas.  The pool at the Mirage is also FREEZING! I should have had my husband film me as I got in, because that was the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge right there! This was in August, so it was a scorcher out.  Yet nobody was in the pool, except a few kids of course.  Kids don't seem to feel cold. Weirdos.  Also, I'm not a fan of the dining options in the hotel.  I noticed that other hotels such as the Venetian, Caesar's, Flamingo, etc.. all had food courts.  The Mirage has no such thing. This makes for pricier meals or having to walk off property to grab a bite.Overall, the central location of The Mirage is fantastic.  I would definitely consider staying here again.  Now if you guys could turn the temperature up on the pool, I'd be forever grateful!
2	I used to love the Mirage when I was younger, but my past experience has definitely turned me away as a guest.- Arrived at the hotel at around 10 pm. They didn't have the room we had booked available (Resort Tower King), they only had Resort Queen rooms available.  A little annoying since the Resort Tower King is a slight upgrade from Resort Rooms, but it's late and I understand.  They let us know they'll move us tomorrow at noon, and they'll call us to let us know what room we've been transferred to.  No need to return the keys, he says, because they can just change which room the keys open on the computer. Awesome.- Next day at 11 am, we call to confirm the transfer.  What transfer?  After some searching, they still can't find any records of a transfer request.  Would we like to initiate one? Um, yes. To a room we originally booked.  Thanks.  Okay, they say.  Hold tight.  We'll call back in a minute.- No word for half an hour.  We call back.  They're still working on it.  Hold tight, they say.- No word after an hour.  We're literally just sitting by the room phone with all of our packed luggage just watching TV, since we can't go gambling or anything.-Two hours later: congrats! The room has been transferred! Come down to the lobby for your new keys! Um.. but the guy said you could just do that on the computer. No? Okay, we'll go down.- Get to the lobby with all of our luggage in tow.  Your keys? Oh, they've been sent up with security to meet you in front of your new room.  Didn't anyone tell you?And even after all this, I was still charged the FULL AMOUNT for the upgraded room.  Complained to the front desk, complained to a manager... nothing.  Are you freaking kidding me?  Get your crap together, Mirage.All in all, even though it's a decent hotel, it's honestly a little pricey for being so basic.  There are a lot of nicer hotels for similar prices and a bigger casino floor, so I'm not entirely sure what the Mirage's appeal is supposed to be. Maybe the location?  I'm not too sure, but you'd better believe that I will be enjoying my stay somewhere a bit more organized, thank you.
2	This old girl is showing her age.  I remember this hotel being built and it was absolutely beautiful.  Comparable to Ceaser's.  Not anymore.The Volcano show is still good, but that's the main attraction.We will choose another hotel int he future.
2	I wasn't impressed.  The carpets and counters in my room were really dusty and dirty. Plus my "nonsmoking" room smelled like an ashtray. No coffee pot in the room was rough!!
3	Here are my random thoughts about the Mirage hotel and convention center.  The convention center is very nice. No florescence lights for the most part. Except the chairs they use in the rooms are extremely old and everyone complained about the cushions. The guest rooms need a full remodel in the bathroom. The beds also seemed a bit tired and so did the carpet. But the rest, the TV, the linens were pretty nice.The pool I didn't hang out at because it was very loud. It has a pretty waterfall but very loud too. At least the rooms were very quiet so I could go back there for a rest. The Beatles love show is very entertaining.The connecting hotel treasure Island has a tram but the tram didn't start till 9 AM so that sucked for my coworker in that hotel.
5	Excellent show and very intimate.  They were ver appreciative of the loyal fans for the past 22 years and got involved with the audience.  I recommend seeing the show and locals get a discount:)
4	I hadn't been here in a few years and I missed it. I checked out of the palms hotel and went right to the mirage and it was a breath of fresh air. The staff was great, our room was ready early.  The room was beautiful, great view of the volcano. The pool staff was great. The only thing that I missed is that the pool area was smaller than I remembered and I missed seeing the lions on display. The guys at the dolphin bar Trevor and Daniel were super nice, accommodating and talked to us as we ate and drank in the pool area. I know that sounds normal, but trust me in vegas employees are busy. I would go visit them again. I appreciated them making us feel welcomed. :)
1	so we stayed there for 4 nights The hotel was crowded, noisy, horribly expensive (two regular sized drinks at the pool bar were $30.00 plus tip) about par for Vegas. On day 3 they closed the pool at 4:00 because they had a private event and literally asked about 200 hotel guests to pick up there stuff and leave the pool area immediately so they could get ready for the event. So since we were in our  swim suits we decided to go to the adult pool next to the main pool. But they wouldn't let us in with out IDs  My wife had hers but since I was wearing my bathing suit I didn't have my license with me but I did have a photo of it and my passport on my cell phone. By the way I am 71 ( that's SEVENTY ONE ) years old!!! The " security guy " , a real rocket scientist said because of ATF rules a picture of my ID wouldn't do.  Now I realize I don't look a day over 65 but come on. I asked him why I could walk up to any bar in the hotel and buy a drink without an ID but not at this bar.  Duh, sorry sir those are the state rules. So from that moment I didn't spend another dime at the Mirage for anything and next year you can bet we'll spend our money elsewhere. I guess they're isn't an I Q test to work at the Mirage.  Gosh if I were getting $15 for well drinks I'd use my head. this was indicative of all the service at the hotel just awful!!
1	The unpleasantness started when the person driving me pulled up so I could unload my bags. The surly valet wanted us to move and they were not friendly about it.The check in line was ridiculously long and they did not have enough staff.Contrast to Mandalay Bay where there is a staff person near the line, helping to direct traffic and answer questions.I asked if they had a phone charger I could borrow. (Hyatt provides this service.) I was told I could buy one.Internet in my room was slow. Engineering brought me an ethernet cable. Mac can't use one without an adapter, which they don't have.They offered to change my room to one with better internet, and I told the manager I could not do that until after 6pm. He said it would be fine until 8pm.At 6:30pm, I called about the room change and was told that room changes can only happen between 11am and 4pm.When I indicated that's not what I'd been told, they more or less said, "so sad, too bad."Awful customer service. Rude employees. The only good thing to say is the room is nice. But honestly, there are much better places at the same price point.I'd guess they treat their employees like crap and the stuff is just flowing downhill.The lighting in the room is dim and the lighting in the bathroom will make you look ill when youre looking in the mirror.
3	Good hotel - not too pricey and great location. Not luxurious like at the Palazzo but who needs luxurious all the time?Front desk people were so nice, especially Sam & Milly who are both friendly, warm and welcoming.The rooms are nice and spacious. The beds are big and the pillows are so, tear-inducingly soft. I seriously considered stealing a pillow, they were so nice.Complaints: the bathrooms needed more places for you to hang your towels. It felt so wasteful to throw perfectly good towels on the floor but there was literally no place to put them. The walkways were also so windy that it was confusing trying to figure out how to get to the elevators, front desk, restaurants or out the door.
4	The Mirage is pretty hard to beat when it comes to bang for your buck. It has a central location on the strip and is across the street from a monorail stop (Harrah's). 1OAK is standard amongst competing Vegas nightlife, nothing to seek out unless you are into the guest host/performer(if they have one). The rooms are decorated in a modern aesthetic. The wifi included in the resort fee can be spotty in certain rooms. On my most recent stay at the Mirage I decided to finally check out the Tiger and Dolphin Habitat. The animals appeared well cared for and the place was clean. As my friend and I walked through to see the tigers we  came upon Siegfried visiting the cats. He was so warm and friendly. He spoke with us about the individual tigers and even took pictures with us. I can't say I was around for the Vegas heyday,  but I have talked Tiger with Siegfried!
3	We got a free night and two discounted nights at this hotel via rewards, so I can't complain too much. However, when we got to our room, I found sunflower seeds and dried corn all over the place (chairs, floor, etc.) The stopper in our tub didn't work so I wasn't able to take a bath. When we went down to tell the lobby next day, they seemed annoyed that there was an issue with the room. They begrudgingly offered to send housekeeping up and a maintenance man, but I told them I didn't want a maintenance man in the room while we were trying to relax. They only offered to change our room after I complained more. No upgrade was offered for our trouble and the staff was rather unaccommodating. Like I said, we had an inexpensive stay, so that was nice. But as far as service and cleanliness of rooms, I'd stay elsewhere. Frustrating to get off of the dirty strip and have to deal with a dirty room.
3	Ok so i waited a few days after my vacation to review this place so as to let everything settle in. First off, I wanted to say that i came here having high hopes as this hotel is a staple on the Vegas strip and it came highly recommended. CHECK IN:One thing to note for anyone coming here for the first time, if you arrive before 10am they do not let you check in. Other places, such as the Palazzo where I stayed the year prior, let you check in regardless of time and call you or text you when your room is ready. Mirage does not let you do this until after 10am. I did not know this and was literally waved away by the front desk clerk. Neither did she explain this to me.  She didn't seem approachable enough for me to feel comfortable to go back to and ask ANY questions.I had to call the 800 number to ask this. She was pleasant and answered all my questions.The bell hop at the from of the hotel was unfortunately very rude to me too. I must've forgot to say thank you because he angrily and sarcastically said "you're welcome!" to me. I guess to point out the fact that i forgot to thank him. My bad for not thanking him but i was just waved away from the desk clerk and trying to figure out why. Im sure Im not the ONLY person who didn't thank him. Is he rude to EVERYONE?! I found myself apologizing to HIM! WTH! Keep in mind theses were my VERY first interactions with the staff. And based on their job positions, theses are the very first interactions most people have. I tried hard not to let this ruin my day. I kept on. HOTEL: One thing you'll notice as soon as you walk in is an odd odor. Im not saying its bad as I'm sure a lot of people must like it. But its not for me, It took about the entire 3 days of my trip for me to get used to it. Its very intoxicating and really hard to take at first. Its like a punch to my face. You'll know what I'm talking about if you go visit other hotels during your stay. Theirs is a bit more subtle. A little smoky too. Other than that though, the premises are kept pretty clean. Crowd is probably a little younger than my liking. With youth usually comes a lot of rowdy behavior and late night hallway shenanigans. I was awoken a few times by this during my stay. Vegas, right?! I just didn't get awoken at other places Ive stayed at on the strip that were higher end. I guess its more normal than I thought. Gym is great (check out my review of the spa/salon)Rooms are clean and modern. Housekeepers, sweet as pie. Always kept us fully stocked.My clock radio in the room never worked. Never called to get this replaced or fixed as to not deal with anymore staff.Beds were a little too soft for my taste. I like soft but these were hard to sleep in. POOL:Pool is huge and fun. Very lush and beautiful waterfalls. I enjoyed my time here. You have to get here early to get seats, they fill up fast. They only have about 1 waitress servicing different sections. Greats are good. Mine looked horrendous but tasted great. CAUTION: tips IS added on. Is this legal? So unless you intend to double tip, don't fork over any extra cash if you don't have to.OVERALL:My overall stay here was ok. If everything during your stay goes perfectly and you don't have to deal with the staff, then you should have a very pleasant trip. If you should have the unfortunate luck that something goes wrong and you have to ask for help. GOOD LUCK!I more than likely will not be coming back here. Would only recommend this place if you don't care about great customer service and are just looking for a place to stay. I work hard for my money and don't make much. When i finally am able to get away for a few days and decide to stay at your hotel with the many options there are, why would you want to be rude?!I do want to give a shout out to the bell hop on the way out. Wish I knew his name. He was super nice and helpful. Too bad i couldn't have met him on day one.
5	Without question the front desk staff during my stay was the most courteous and professional that I have had the pleasure to deal with in the many stays I have had in Las Vegas! Of all the fine hotels I've stayed at my time at the Mirage was by far the easiest and most pleasant and it was due to your incredible staff! Well Done!
5	Went here for dinner at Stacks, great food! Then went to show called Love! It was Awesome!! Would recommend to see it!
5	BEST hotel in Las vegas , has the best food and the best accommodations.  Everyone is very friendly. I love the pool it is very exotic.  It has alot to do and I have won 2 times at their casino. Every time I come to vegas I make sure I stay at the mirage.
4	Had an invite to come here for a comped holiday weekend and we took it.Checked into a nicely decorated, clean room not so far from the elevator. Made getting around the property quick and easy.I really liked this place. Service was friendly and professional in each and every department that we encountered.Saw the Beatles "Love" Cirque Soliel show which was pretty cool.Casino was bustling, drink service was timely, tables were a good mix all around.We also had a great driver from the Aria that took us back to the airport from the Mirage. I forgot his name unfortunately. An ex-Service member from San Diego.Thanks to Sonny M. for making it happen. We'll be back.Cheers to all
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I don't know how any of you can say anything negative about the Mirage. Did we not stay at the same hotel?I will start with their taxi stand. I think that they have a very organized system. Jason (I think thats his name) is AWESOME! My husband and I stayed there in April and he remembered us every single time. My husband and I also stayed at the Mirage in September AND HE STILL REMEMBERED US!! I was so blown away! AMAZING!The check in line does look pretty long. Especially because check in is usually at 3pm unless you request/pay for early check in. Don't be fooled though. The line moves pretty quickly. However the check in/concierge staff is very efficient. The rooms are nice. I mean if you ARE paying for a standard room, don't expect a huge amount of space with a gorgeous view. You do get what you pay for. I would also like to note I love their elevator system. They have about six or so different areas to take you to your room. So like the first area is for floor 1-5 the second area is like 6-10 etc. There are also about six elevators in each area. I really love this system because you are never waiting for an elevator. The elevator is never full. & each elevator only goes up a certain amount of floors. We've all had those horrible experiences where we are at the 24th floor, but other people in your elevator are on floor 8, 12, 19, and 21. HOW ANNOYING. That problem NEVER happens at the Mirage!The housekeeping staff is very friendly. You are always greeted while walking down the hall!I also love the Mirage casino. I think that the casino here ISNT as smokey as some other casinos. I think the high ceilings near the waterfall help. Also, the casino is very easy to navigate around, unlike Caesars. Eeek. I think there are good dining options here, different varieties. However, no cheap food court like options, except for Starbucks. Although if you are staying on the strip, you should expect to pay a lot for food!!LOVE love LOVE the Mirage!! Will definitely be back!
5	This is our go-to hotel when staying in Vegas...mostly because of the location (close to Fashion Show Mall and Carnaval court). But stayed here again two weeks ago for the Mayweather fight and again, impressed with the service, cleanliness of our room, and available eateries. We love Carnegie...ate here 3x and always good stuff! The Pool is nice as well, love the waterfalls and just a laid back feeling there. Even took advantage of the spa this time and that alone was heaven!
2	Had thousands of dollars stolen from my room, WHILE I WAS SLEEPING. The hotel didn't have cameras in the halls, therefore they were unable to find the thief. Was instructed to deadbolt the door because these professional thieves have their own ways to bypass the key system. I guess this could have happened at any hotel, but I think that the mirage management and security were aware of this problem and did not take appropriate steps to prevent it from happening again.
1	I was excited to stay in a suite at the Mirage as it has always been one of my favorite casinos, but was very disappointed.  The suite was very nice, but that was about it.  I had my 5 year old with me and there is no where you can watch a baseball game and there in-room tv service did not offer the channel the playoff game was on (FS1).  Some of the staff was borderline rude for a highly rated hotel.  The  sportsbook (when I finally went) is a joke.  Most of the seats are reserved only and alcohol prices are about that of going to a really nice bar.If you have a kid forget it, not kid friendly even though they have the dolphins and tigers etc.  If you don't have a kid forget it, for the price there are much better out there on the strip.Again the suite was nice, but for the money it is not worth it given everything else.  What happened to you Mirage?  I will miss you as I will not be returning!
1	We stayed at Mirage as a teen with my parents and remember when it was a relatively classy place. But 1 employee ruined all of this. When he spouted a racist comment to the family in front of us because they had a lot of bags and a stroller. We managed to get the name of this employee. Farzad Keyhan has ruined the memory of the Mirage. I have no idea why this casino would employ this man. I haven't been there in years as we usually stay at MGM, but we had a last minute change in our plans and MIRAGE was offering a great deal.Booked two rooms through third party site. Confirmed with MIRAGE res line on way to hotel. At check in upon checking in this Farzad guy must have been getting off work and had a couple or was tired which I understand but yelling at a family then stating go back to your own county after yelling that strollers aren't allowed is ridiculous....especially when he himself appeared to obviously not have been born in the United states is ridiculous. Attention Mirage management... reel this guy in or fire him your casino has its history and doesn't need this.Would not return if rooms were free. Avoid.
4	Was there for a convention. Nice, clean, house keeping staff was very friendly. Would stay again if back in Vegas.
3	the mirage is centrally located on the strip, and they have some great shows (terry fator, beatles love, tosh, boyz II men, etc.) the rooms are ok, but i was given one that faced the freeway behind the strip. there was no view whatsoever. also, i hate when they charge you $10 each for multiple sodas that you didnt drink, just for opening the fridge and touching anything. they should do away with that terrible sensor system.the worst part was that they closed the pool early on saturday for a private wedding. this would not have been a problem, had they just told me ahead of time! then i could have planned accordingly.
4	I love this hotel. Not because its the newest or swankest. Not because it has the finest restaurants in Las Vegas but because it is one of the friendliest. The people who work there, save for one Filipino woman at the M Life station, are all amazing. They genuinely care about the quality of your stay and the rooms, specifically, the beds are incredibly comfortable. I am a slots whore and they have an amazing and diverse selection to play. And you can't beat the prices for their rooms. Very reasonable. If you play their games, they comp you and they appreciate your patronage in a very old school way. Not in a contemporary, insincere way. They want your business whereas other, newer hotels make you feel like you are just lucky to be there. I feel at home at this hotel. I feel respected and I feel joy. Come to the Mirage people and judge for yourself.
4	**For standard room only**Everything is really clean, no odor, and would definitely stay here again. Staff is super friendly and helpful. What makes this even more awesome is I got it for free. I play the my vegas app on my phone and used my point to her this room!
4	Mirage is a unique place on the strip with lots of heritage and timeless ambiance.  The quality of the dinning and shows are always great but you will need a fat wallet to be comfortable with the prices.  And jog course you will need extra if you gamble !!!   When here we always remember Siegfried and Roy  performances with the lions - that dug its teeth into Roy's neck carnying him off stage trying to protect him for some perceived danger !!!  The show and tragedy are historic.  Today the special feature is always the water show out front !!!
2	We came out from Colorado to enjoy a few nights comped.  The room is mosly clean but they do not clean on 2nd, 3rd day.I was turned down on myvegas comps due to fine print.Very few video poker games.   Overall it it nice and friendly but that leaves it time to do better.  Otherwise....a two star.
3	Have been coming to Vegas consistently for the past 10 years, first time staying here was this past spring and I really enjoyed it. Very nice lobby, they have recently redone their facility, much nicer than before. Loved the pool area, food was good for the price. Stayed the Mandalay Bay a few month later, hands down my favorite hotel in Vegas, and comparing poolside drinks the Mirage had a much better selection and taste/price.
1	Rude and unhelpful front desk.  Beds are highly uncomfortable and bathrooms that feel old and dirty.  Used to like this hotel but not after this visit.
5	We were married this past weekend and decided to splurge and get two two-bedroom tower suites. The price was about half the rest of the suites we looked at and we were incredibly happy!The suites were gorgeous! Large and clean and beautiful! We had California king beds in both rooms. This was large enough to fit three people in one bed comfortably if your having more than four people with you. The beds were incredibly comfortable! And the room service fantastic! The only problem we had was dealing with the elevators. It required a key card to go up and so you had to ensure you always had a key card with you. At one point our family and wedding photographer got stuck in the elevator, but they gave us room credit and it was nice that the hotel responded so favorably. Any issues we had were promptly resolved and without hassle. We also went to the Love show. It was a lot of fun and I would definitely suggest it for anyone staying at the hotel. The grooms party went to the Brazilian steakhouse and it was delicious! All in all we loved this hotel!!! Everything was handled smoothly (and if it wasn't, we were appropriately compensated for our hassle) and everything was quality. I think this is my new favorite hotel on the strip!
4	Had a conference this week and stayed here. Not a huge fan of vegas because of the smoke and over the top gambling everywhere.  However as for my room it was awesome.  I was able to upgrade my room to a penthouse 1 bedroom suite for just a bit more then I was paying.  The room was awesome.Several tv's and a great view of the city. The bed was super comfy and the bathroom was huge.  My wife and I had a great time.
5	Central location, awesome sportsbook, a lot of dining choices in the hotel or very near.
2	Myself and a few friends had a disappointing experience at the Mirage in June of 2014. As I look into hotels for an upcoming Vegas trip this winter, I considered the Mirage, then remembered our last stay with them was all too stressful and that I would have to run out of other hotel options before staying with them again. And even then, I would probably prefer to pitch a tent on a sky bridge. My friend, Robinson, had booked the room for a college bud reunion, and he specifically chose the Mirage because he enjoyed his previous stays. Despite better prices on comparable hotels, he chose the Mirage because he wanted to give this resort his business. The Mirage had won him over, then lost him very, very quickly. Our first night there, we check in and the man at the front desk is lovely. We head up to room, start getting ready for evening plans (the outfit changing, the hair curling, the sipping of champagne, you know the drill) and not even 30 minutes after settling in, we get a knock on the door from security. We were being warned that we needed to "quiet down."It was about 8 pm. No later than 8:30. And here is the part where you may not believe me, but I insist, we were NOT being loud. We had music lightly playing and we were chatting as friends do when they haven't interacted in person for months. No girlish screams, no chanting of "shots!"... I wish I had that energy. We are all in our mid-late twenties. Our black-out-drunk/fake ID days are over. So, we apologize and we oblige then continue to get ready. 15 minutes later, another knock. This time, security is rude. "One more noise complaint and you guys will be kicked out." Excuse me? It's barely dark out thanks to that summer sun, and you're telling me that Sia crooning softly in the background is upsetting the geriatrics that are next door? Fine. Edna and Ralph can't find a way to turn down their hearing aids. So we call the front desk and request a room change. As bitter as I sound now, we really didn't want to ruin anyone else's vacation, so we would have happily switched rooms to save theirs and our own. Our request was denied and we were welcomed to the Mirage with an explanation of the three strike policy. One more call to security, and these neighbors of ours had the power to have us escorted from our room and off of the premises. We spent the rest of the night rushing around in silence, trying to ready ourselves as quickly as possible so we could escape the silent prison that was our hotel room. Discussing this series of events with management was pointless. We were treated like children. Post-collegiate, money-spending, rule-abiding CHILDREN. You guys did give us $25 worth of free drinks at any Mirage bar, but because of the way we were treated, I'm only assuming it was to get us drunk enough to actually kick us out. Jokes on you, $25 is only enough for two cocktails made with one cocktail's worth of liquor. We took our drinking business elsewhere.
3	very outdated. This place truly needs a facelift. With all the new places on the strip, it isn't the nicest to look at. The rooms are in need, the room service is in need, and the lobby as well. Its where all the priceline and price bargin hunters go to stay. Will never go ever again. For the price you can stay at the Wynn.
1	This is my first time writing a review but I had to mention what a terrible experience we had during the last week of December 2012. We waited for close to an hour to check in, thanks to the long line of foreign tourists, just to hear that our room was not ready and we would have to wait another hour. There was really no place to lounge around with our luggage until then, but we managed to find a tiny bench. After an hour I called the front desk, simply to be informed that our room was still not ready! I had to yell at three different people at the front desk to finally get the room I requested when making my reservation (two queen beds). All in all, it was an exhausting experience. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
2	The rooms are a bit dated. The service at the Carnegie Deli in the lobby is atrocious.  The amenities in the room service very basic and nothing to write home about.  Beds are comfortable but they use an occupancy sensor on the air conditioning so you will come back to a warm room.  The worst part for a traveller in this day is that the Internet service is unusably slow.  Shame that they skimp on the easy things.
1	Had occasion to stay here recently due to a having an evening planned there. First of all, this place is showing its age a bit. The Front Desk staff were OK, a little rushed and not too friendly. Getting to your room here is a hassle. I'm a bit resentful of being forced to drag our bag through the entire casino to get to the elevators. I'm also resentful of paying $252.00 for an old room and getting shanked for a $25.00 "resort fee". This is just a straight rip off, a "because we can F*ck You" fee.
4	We checked in on Friday and checked out on Sunday.  The room was clean and nice. LOVED the bedding, pillows etc. SOUND PROOF we slept like zombies as couldn't hear a peep from any of the adjoining rooms. Nice place to put away your things dressers, closet space plentiful. Didn't appreciate the Wi-Fi though. Dined at the Burger place, Samba's LOVED it! Great food, prices and service the little semi-circle bar was cute and the bartender made drinks that knocked us off our stools ta boot. Left Japonais as they were a little negligent in the service dept. Went to LOVE by Circque de Soleil and it was fab! It's a haul to the elevators though and we didn't have time for the pool but it looked very inviting. Overall very nice stay could use more attention to service in the restaurants by the hostesses and the servers. Loved the location as well.
4	Wow! So all I can say is that I was thoroughly impressed with my most recent stay at the Mirage Hotel & Casino! Talk about receiving world class customer service! I recently booked just a one night stay and upon arriving I was greeted by a friendly gentleman in training at the Vip MLife members line. My expectations where exceeded by far! The check in process was easier than ever! I booked a king room on a high floor and boy was it worth it! The views in the towers facing the strip are breath taking! Watching the fire show outside of my window was fantastic! All the amenities were very nice as well as the bed was extremely comfortable! I would definitely stay here again!
1	When I checked in, my room was not ready. I called the front desk and they said they would send someone up to clean it. An hour passes by and no one shows up. They offered to give me a smaller room. No thanks. I mentioned it to them again, and they accused me of leaving the privacy indicator on the door. I didn't. Avoid this place. Dated rooms. Awful service.
4	when i checked in on a saturday evening the front desk staff were very polite and helpful.  they did a good job.my room was clean when i arrived.  the room looked nice and presentable.  the tv, bed and furniture were nice.  and after being in my room after a few minutes i realized i would be hearing the mirage volcano/fire show through the evening because i could see and hear the show from my room window.the workout room was nice and had a lot of equipment to get a great workout in.  i didn't have any problems during my stay.  for the price i paid was the quality of room and service i received.
2	Was so excited to stay here but unfortunately not the best experience.PROS: Our check in went smoothly and the desk agent, Arthur, was great. Room was a decent size and clean. Check out was very fastCONS:  Room was very hot and humid and remained so for our entire stay. About half of our lights worked and the wIfi wouldn't connect. After calling the front desk 3 times for help with the wifi, we finally got it working but it was awfully slow and kept disconnecting. BLT double charged my card for a meal we ate and I'm still waiting for my refund. The tram was out of service our entire stay. Our television didn't work and our hallway was littered with the same wine glasses and room service trays for 3 days even though housekeeping passed by them dailyNow, here's the absolute worst part of our stay.......the cocktail service is HORRENDOUS!! We played the big wheel for over 45 minutes one evening without receiving one beverage. Every time we saw a server and tried to ask for a drink, we were told it wasn't her section and they would send someone which never happened. In our 4 night stay, we didn't recieve a single beverage while on the casino floor, yet at nearly all the other casinos we spent time in we had grear cocktail service. Don't think I'll be back to the Mirage again.
3	We didn't stay in the Mirage's hotel but we did get to spend some time in their casino. The casino itself was well organized and they had some really unique slot machines. The atmosphere here was laid-back, and not once we're we harassed by the staff like at some of the other hotels.In the end we wish we could have seen a show here, but the lobby was gorgeous, and we thoroughly enjoyed spending some time here.
4	I've stayed here many times over the years and the Mirage has gone from being the top shelf hotel to being a good hotel.  With newer hotels being built and the usual wear and tear, The Mirage is now somewhat of a bargain due to its prime location.  The rooms are still nice and the casino has a lot of variety in the games offered, but it cannot compare to Encore, The Venetian, or Aria.
1	I had a terrible experience with both, the Mirage Group Housing staff and the Front Desk staff.  I had a room block of about 30 rooms for my company, and the Group Housing department for the hotel was the most unorganized and unhelpful staff I have encountered during all of our events this year.  For starters, they couldn't seperate our sub-blocks out, which is a problem I've never encountered with any other hotel. This made it incredibly difficult to find the egregious errors that they had made when I sent over my final staff list.  The person I worked with in Group Housing had left "placeholders" on the final reservation list, when I had told her that the staff list and reservation lists should look identical. They didn't set up a master bill, which I had requested weeks in advance; and didn't find out wasn't done until my staff began to arrive and check in. To top it all off, I went over to the Mirage (I was staying at The Venetian), to file a complaint with a manager, and the front desk told me that there was no one, other than the front desk manager that I could speak to.  They were most unhelpful and didn't have any additional manager contacts that they could realease. Or so I was told.All of these problems were nonexistant with my room block of 15 at The Venetian; which is where our company will be entertaining the idea of taking our large housing block for next year's event.
4	Great deal on this room. We got room for $65 per night plus $50 dining credit. I confirmed this at Check in but yet it was bit applied at checkout until I had to call and ask for it!! $25 'resort fee' but the gym is included and is nice. Pool is nice too and lots of dining options. Pillow and bed were GREAT but shower sucked.
5	Been to vegas several times. Stayed in a different hotel each time, but this was definitely my favorite. Hotel is amazing. Rooms are fab and casinos are great. Highly recommend.
2	I always wanted to stay at the Mirage.  It is in a great location on the strip.  we stayed 3 nights last week.  the room was nice, comfy bed, nice views of the strip.  But the Casino area wasn't friendly at all.  the dealers of the games were so angry looking, never a smile or laugh. no talking or facial expressions at all.  it was as though they hated their jobs and could care less about making it a fun experience for the players.  I did have one good experience with a dealer, he was great,  friendly and fun.  Thanks Carl!  But that was it.  after the first day of a  not so fun casino floor we decided to try some nearby  casinos.  they were much better.   I did play at the Mirage several more times but it was more of the same.  Super lame lame dealers.   I wouldn't stay at The Mirage again.
3	The room is nice, 21st fl. Strip view.  Really comfortable bed.  A few  things bother me:  1. The tile floor at entry and bathroom is really slick if you aren't wearing shoes or if wet.  2.  There are some plumbing issues... the shower head is a bit lame and disappointing and the sink seems to only like to give hot water.  3.  The wifi is slow.  4. Service is somewhat sparse.  5. Drinks and food are really overpriced.  So fairly comfortable room, but probably won't stay here again.  I think other properties do a better job.
4	I always enjoy exploring the entertainment venues of Las Vegas, from the major properties on the Strip to the historic older casinos, bars, and restaurants.This review is based on a family group going to see the resident Cirque de Soleil Beatles "LOVE" show at the Mirage the day after Thanksgiving.Street access to the complex from Las Vegas Boulevard is simple and straightforward.  I dropped my elderly passengers off at the front entrance of the hotel/casino among a throng of cabs, shuttles, and limousines.  Getting back out to the street and re-entering to go to self-parking went smoothly in spite of the exceptional level of both automotive and pedestrian traffic on Black Friday.  I found the self-parking facility convenient and easy to navigate.  The walk back to the main lobby from there is surprisingly short, including an elevator ride, an open-air bridge, and an escalator ride.  Self-parking is free of charge.The casino facility is typical, with everything from "penny" slots to dedicated high-stakes areas.  Beverages at the lobby bar are pricey but normal for any major venue on the Strip.The show is a huge engineering production incorporating multimedia, a highly dynamic stage, and of course Cirque de Soleil's incomparable displays of acrobatics, dance, and special effects.  There are no animals and no clowns, just some of the finest human talent you will see anywhere with fantastic costumes and innovative props.  The interpretive show provides a powerful review of the enduring influence the music and art of The Beatles has had on our music and our culture.  I found it very moving, and was surprised at the level of familiarity with the music shown by my mom and her siblings (I' m 56, she's 80.)I walked out of the Mirage with a big grin on my face and some of my favorite songs playing in my head.  I would definitely like to see "LOVE" again - There is so much going on both on stage and all around that you can't take it all in during a single viewing.  And I would certainly consider staying at the Mirage's hotel should an opportunity arise.
1	"Please note that we will need to shut off both hot and cold water in our rooms between 11pm and 4am" what? I don't even understand what that means and if it's even possible to do that at a full service hotel- let alone one of the biggest hotels on the Vegas strip! I called and ask what will happen if I need to use the bathroom in the middle of the night and the response was- sorry.. You won't be able to flush until the morning. I am speechless. First and last time staying here.
3	The Mirage is an older casino that is still nice but is a little bit dated.  The location is outstanding and the gaming good. The check in can be long and tedious and they add a "Resort Fee" to your bill.
1	Very disappointing stay.  First, we went to CPK & couldn't get drinks because the bar was broken. Then, the fan in our bathroom was incredibly noisy and the TV broke.  Then, they shut off the water from 11pm to 5am.  When it came on - there must have been something in those pipes because had bad allergies from it.  If it hadn't been for the engineer fixing the TV so fast & the great massage I got at the spa, this stay would have been a complete loss!  Enough places there that I will definitely be staying somewhere else in the future!
3	Overall nice hotel and casino. Staff is friendly and really going out of his way to take care of you. Poker room staff was nice as well.Major con: Wifi!Impossible to get a decent coverage nowhere in the hotel. Not in your room nor in the casino. If you have a limited data plan, you're screwed.
5	This place is the center of the Strip.  Plenty to do there and walking distance any where.
4	Stayed here twice so far. this past experience was not as good as the first. I had some difficulty getting some necessities  they were a bit busy and I get it. The place had some nice amenities and was very comfortable. Overall this is a great hotel in a very busy area of the strip. Check out the volcano. Truly breathtaking
2	Clean rooms and grounds. However doors are very thin, closet type doors. You hear everyone's conversation especially if you're next to rude oblivious people who think they're the only one in the hotel. Nice view of the strip but comes with a price of hearing the volcano erupt every 30 mins. House keeping did not service our room, very disappointed with that. We came back from a long walk, I was expecting a tidied room for the price I paid for. We will stay elsewhere next time.
3	I did not stay in a room at the Mirage... This review is about the casino in general during a concert. I went here for a free concert during NFR. There was little to no organization on the concert floor. They allowed too may people to cram into the tiny space where the concert was held. I watched someone almost get lit on fire by a cigarette because they allowed someone to smoke during the show. The security staff was not well prepared for any unruly people. To girls jumped up on a box to dance and while one security uard grabbed her foot to get her down, the other one pushed her other foot causing her to go down, just not the way they were hoping. She hit the floor face first. Granted... she was kicking them and ignoring their warnings. The sound for the concert was good.
3	Had a lovely stay at the Mirage. Decent rooms, good food and restaurants, relaxing spa with an Amazing massage, Fun Times!
1	We stayed 4 nights at the mirage and had a terrible experience beginning to end. We arrived on Sunday 12/14 only to find their parking lot full to the top due to two big events at the hotel, a cheerleading championship and a rodeo event. It took us 45 minutes to find a spot and it was on the roof ( 8th floor ). At the front desk, we were warned about the mini snack bar in the room, They told us that it had sensors and that any thing we remove will be charged to the room even if not consumed. We had kids with us and were constantly making sure they did not remove any candy bars or other items from the snack bar so we wouldn't be charged the outrageous prices for the items inside ( $3.50 for M&M, $5 for five hour energy etc.,,). Our room had no fridge but we were told that they could arrange for a mini fridge for $25/day. Really? we stayed in December but what would anyone do in Vegas in August without a mini fridge inside the room? The lady at the check-in desk also failed to mention anything about our $50 food and beverage credit which was supposed to be part of the booking package from the Mirage website itself. We had to remind her and she seemed rather disappointed that we mentioned the credit. We called housekeeping and requested extra bath towels for the kids but our request was ignored and we had to call again the next day to get the towels.The bath tub was slow draining and needed about 5 minutes after the shower is done to drain all the water..!!!The cocktail servers at the casino were extremely slow and generally a no show on the casino floor.Here is the worst part: The hotel emailed us a bill on check out day with a full charge from the buffet not factoring the $50 food and beverage credit. We had to call the front desk and remind them with the credit and that's when they re-sent an email with the correct bill.Finally, WI-FI was terrible. Comes and goes momentarily. We called the front desk and were transferred to the tech person who insisted their WI-FI was not at fault.So here we go: A hotel that will nickel and dime you by having a snack bar to sell you overpriced crap, instead of a mini fridge to make your stay more pleasant. Oh wait, you can get mini fridge for extra on top of the resort fee that you pay for the crappy internet and the crappier housekeeping...On top of it, bad billing and accounting practices and thin room doors and walls...No thanks. Mirage. This was our first stay and would be the last, We will take our business elsewhere....!!!!
4	The hotel is really good, the rooms are clean and there is this feeling of freshness... It's in the center of the Streep and the Beatles show is in Mirage; friendly staff, huge casino area and lot's of places to eat :) The only thing I do not like is the noise I was hearing during night time when people were coming back to their rooms. I would come back to Mirage though...
3	I stayed here a couple of times and visited the hotel a number of times. The rooms are decent but no frills. Soon I am sure they are due for another renovation as you can tell the rooms have wear and tear. They seem to have a lot of restaruants on premise but none of them are especially exciting.  I do like the center atrium when you walk in.  All and all not the most fabulous hotel in vegas but definitely decent. Room prices are very reasonable.  Good central location on the strip. Easy access to just about anything.
5	Again, love love love M Life resorts.  Went to see CIrque de Soleil Beatles LOVE show. Got tickets for $125, second row and a concert, play, and circus in one definitely get your money's worth!The lobby area for the show is very nice and colorful.  Mirage hotel is beautiful a bit big and you will get a little lost but every hotel on the strip is massive!
1	The check in process and everything went smoothly. As soon as I opened the hotel door, I was impressed because it was nicer than I had expected until I stepped into the bathroom to wash up before going out and spotted hair in the bathtub. SO GROSS! I know for certain it was not mine or my friend's because we both have longer hair than the hair found in the bathtub. I immediately called housekeeping and they said that they would send someone up immediately to clean the bathtub. One hour and 5 more phone calls later, I was fed up. Every time I called, they replied back with "Someone will there in ten minutes". Are they playing games with me??! I called the front desk and requested to speak with the manager. She empathized with me and told me that she will get back to me soon. Turns out that housekeeping also said ten more minutes and she told me to wait until 11:17pm and the minute housekeeping was late, to contact her back. I gave one star for the manager, They literally came the second it turned 11:17. A lady came in smiling and it seemed like she cleaned the bathtub as the hairs were gone, but the second the shower turned on, the hairs appeared. It seems like the housekeeping lady just moved the hairs into the cracks and made it just look like it was gone? -_- Are you kidding me? At this point, I just cleaned the hairs myself because I was running so late. I never want to stay here again. If their housekeeping works like this, I cant imagine how dirty the entire room would be. Maybe they just sweep everything into the cracks and hide all the trash and dirt. GROSS!!!!!!
5	Great place to party & vacation w family. Food is great. Service is amazing. The pool is open & heated 80 degrees. Wow . Awesome . We love Vegas , mirage service & staff...try it
1	Not a secure place....used ATM there and got identity stolen.  This was the only place we used our card.  After contacting the Mirage....they said "what do u expect us to do about it"?  Really...that's how much u care about ur patrons.  Won't be back after that!  They wouldn't even help with a police report.Terrible consideration!
2	My experience at the Mirage was not that great.  The room was not that big and the view they gave me stunk for being a player cards, well I guess M-life member now.  Not trying to say that I am a high roller, but I spend a good amount of money at the casino.
4	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #27:happy 25th anniversary to The Mirage!; you gotta love the foliage, waterfalls, & lagoons - both outside and near the lobby; the giant aquarium behind the hotel check-in counter is also a nice touch; there are some seriously cool dining spots here - I especially like the sexy modern look of Japonais and Stack, located next to each other; there is a sprawling and classy conference room & event center area; I'm not even going to mention the outdoor volcano, since that is more for the tourists walking on The Strip; this is a classic 3.5 stars place, but I'll round up since The Mirage started all of the development of upscale Strip casinos, back in the day (1989); best craft beer bet = nothing outstanding, but BLT Burger has the best overall selection; the sports bar and Tom Colicchio's aren't bad either, but the best tip might be to buy a 22 oz. Samuel Adams bottle in the sundries store for less than $7.
4	Love staying here with all the amenities and cool places they have to eat and hang out. This is the perfect spot on the strip as it's centrally located but easy to stay in all day if you want.The tables are fun and entertaining and the nightlife goes on all night (unlike some other strip hotels that seem to close up around midnight or so).The crowd here seems to be mostly young and hip and that also makes it more fun than hanging out where most of the players are old or drunks (lol - it's vegas - it does happen).When we stay here we always eat breakfast at Carnegie's and usually eat at least once at CPK just since we want to eat at the raised up platform - hahahhaa.Rooms are nice and big and are always clean.Get into a suite if you can - they sleep about ten people and are bigger than my house!!! sheesh! Talk about living it up! You can do it HERE!:)
1	Wifi sucks. Don't go here cuz wifi really sucks. Beatles is good. Food sucks. Casino sucks. Everything smells like cigarettes. It's hella dark. It's basically a rat hole with poo everywhere. Go to Lake Tahoe. Go to San Francisco. But the mirage is for old people struggling to have a meaningful life. Like my dad. There are young people cuz it's like pretty cheap. Idk. Dude it sucks. Hate the whole "I gotta pay $200/night to secondhand smoke the cancer sticks all day". Got a bunch of hobos down the street. Why do people go to Vegas? To find a perfectly good reason to flush your life down the toilet? I'd think so. In my humble opinion, my tendency to come up with suicidal thoughts rose over 9999% while staying in the Mirage. Please don't waste not even one moment staying at an expensive garbage room with wifi that sucks. Basically wifi really sucks.
5	Very helpful, great service.  Helped me with the ATM as I am disabled and in a wheelchair.  All staff and rooms were very handicap friendly.  Beatles "LOVE" show is a delight, feel good show.  Enjoy the new "Pantry" restaurant, homemade jam decent prices for the taste and large portions.  "The Secret Garden"  offers guest an amazing green retreat, that is wonderful for children.  Knowing the animals and Dolphins have large enrichment centers behind the public viewing areas should put all animal activists complaints to rest.  The felines were featured in shows and enjoyed acting so they still do their acting behind the public areas in the enrichment centers.  What the public sees is only a small part of the animals have been provided as a home.Between the Beatles "Love", the "Secret Garden" and the beautiful pool, with waterfall, not to mention the dramatic volcano, children and adults will have a wonderful time!
1	I had a terrible experience there and I WILL NOT EVER go back to this hotel. This hotel DOES NOT deserve  4 stars! This is my fault! I had heard from several friends that this is not a clean hotel and the  management is not good, but I didn't listen! The rooms are not cleaned properly! Here is my experience. We had two rooms and each room had its own problem. One bathroom was full of hair around the bathtub and on the wall and stain on the counter while my room had an issue with dirty sheets. Upon arrival I found out that there were a whole bunch of black spots on the sheet so I called and asked the sheets to be changed and they came and changed the sheets. So I went out at night and came back late exhausted to find out that right bellow my pillow there were nasty looking redish spots! and torn sheets.... I was so mad and I called and since it would take a long time to change the sheets by a maid, I just got a sheet and covered the stain. The next day, I went down and talked to the manager and they promised to have an inspector checking the room and take care of the matter. Well, the sent an inspector....So, the next night, I went out with my friends and came back to find out the sheet was NOT changed! Are you serious???????!!!!! The inspector checked the room! How is that possible???? I had to do the same thing again and called for clean sheets...I was furious! Thank God we were checking out from that hotel the next day! They tried to compensate by giving free lunch at the their buffet, but no way I will come back to this hotel....
5	After an impromptu decision to flee with the kids to Vegas, we ended up choosing the Mirage. The price was quite reasonable and it's location ideal for walking the strip. Once we checked in we went up to our room. The rooms are immaculate and the hotel supplied toiletries, towels and bedding to accommodate the 4 of us. We've stayed at hotels before where we've had to make several requests for such items. ~Our kids loved the volcano show. ~The restaurants at the hotel were decent. We ate at Carnegie's deli and BLT burger in lieu of the buffet for dinner. ~The buffet at the mirage is AMAZING for the price. They even give you a AAA discount at the buffet, which is 20% off. Overall, a stellar experience for the price and class of hotel. We would most definitely stay again!
3	Stayed here between Christmas and New Years, excellent location on the strip, volcano show is worth at least one time to see.  Be warned though, on top of your cost to stay, there is a daily resort "fee" of almost $40 a day.  We booked our trip through expedia, and it was clear to me at the time of booking that there was a resort fee.  It is supposed to cover the use of the  fitness center, pool, and wifi. But the wifi sucks, I barely was able to use it, very spotty, and every time I wanted to surf the net, I had to 'agree' to the terms and conditions, and then I got dropped several times during use.  I totally understand that they really don't want you hanging out in the room, they want you on the casino floor,  but it would have been nice to be able to check my email and such.  Also, there are no extras in the room, no coffee maker, microwave or any refrigerator access, if you want a refrigerator, there is an additional fee.  I was hoping for a small coffee maker, but again, they don't want you in your room, they want you gambling.  Also, be aware, prices for everything are outrageous.  I'm from NY, so I am used to high prices, but this was ridiculous.  A bottle of Fiji water was $5.50 for the smaller bottle, so be warned that nothing is cheap in Vegas. There is no personal feeling you get when you stay here, there are thousands of people through there every day. Concierge service was great, got us some great information and tickets to a Grand Canyon tour.
1	We went to the Mirage to see a performance of Cirque Du Soliel.  A performer was injured at the end of the show they announced everyone would be refunded admission.  The Mirage reneged and sad it was a mistake.  They never posted on their website anything to tell you how the performer was.  While the accident happened at the end of the performance, it was a very bad way to leave the event.  Hard to watch someone carried off on a stretcher and feel good.  I wrote an email to the Mirage and they called back nearly a week later and said they would arrange for us to see the show another time.  That is rather odd since many of the people attending were probably like us and visiting Las Vegas.  Some times there are things that happen that show the true colors of a place.  The Mirage makes a mistake and then does not stand by what was announced.  For us that is a very sad statement about a place that makes a lot of money and will not honor what they say.  Sad comment on society and a reflection on a hotel and casino and in a way on Las Vegas.
4	Had a great stay here a few days before Christmas. It's the best hotel I've stayed in so far. The front desk workers are really nice and helpful. I stayed in a 2 queen beds room, it had a beautiful view of their pool and was pretty spacious and up to date. I love their selection of snacks and drinks in the mini fridge. The casino was ok, I only saw 1 waitress working (around 1am) and she didn't go around much... Had to follow her and ask for a drink lol. I also wasn't able to check out through my tv but their great customer service makes up for it. You also have to put down a $100 deposit with a credit card when you check in but they reimburse it when you check out.
3	Being an M-Life member we got a discounted room here after being bombarded with emails from them over the past 3 years since I was last here on a Company conference!  We found the rooms to be comfortable and clean, but after seeing the prices of the stuff in the fridge I placed our bags in front of the fridge door so that I would not accidentally have anything from there while I was sleep walking.OK the good points first ...Carnegie Deli and BLT Burgers were great.  We did find the table games OK and I did have an unfortunate experience at the Ultimate Poker table where I encountered a rather unfriendly croupier who admonished me for asking the gentleman next to me a question after he had folded...not a good move as that made my gambling experience at the Mirage not as much fun lol!  Overall the clientelle at the Casino were not as lively or as young as the ones at the Venetian or at Paris where we had more fun.The Mirage did not seem to have the same quality of Restaurants as the other Casinos specially the Venetian which is a Foodies Haven, Paris was great too!  The Chinese place was closed at the Mirage (my bad luck)The one thing that left a bit of a bad tasted was that on the day of departure we were tired and requested an extra day as our flight was not till 10.50 pm and that we would pay for that and when we asked for the discount rates as an M Life member (for a Tuesday) that we had paid for the 5 nights we stayed there, they would not give us a break and wanted to charge me the full fare of $ 100 + tax for checking out at 8.30 pm!  That really SUCKED BIG TIME!The Room Service, Bellhop service and the Concierge Desk folks were the best...maybe they would be better off running the Hotel and M-Life desk!I will think twice before staying at the Mirage again unless management makes me an offer I can't refuse lol!
4	I'm usually  Bellagio customer love the fountain but I have to say my stay at The Mirage was awesome. The room was comfortable and clean and the staff was so kind and accommodating. So much so that I have already booked another trip in November.
3	Nice, clean, spacious and updated rooms, and a very affordable hotel by Las Vegas standards. The lobby and casino area are darker and more smoky than most these days, which my healthy lungs disliked, but the games were cheap and we made plenty of friends around the blackjack table. The smoky smell did not carry upstairs into the non-smoking rooms, so that was appreciated.Good bars & restaurants inside with limited wait times (Revolution, Japonais, The Roasted Bean, Samba). 1OAK was fun too, even for non-clubbers like me.
5	First trip to Vegas, and I am so absolutely thrilled we chose to stay at the Mirage! First of all, check in was a breeze, and throughout our entire stay I never saw a line. The hotel does a great job of making sure enough staff are on duty to accommodate the traffic.  Vegas runs on a tipping culture, and when we checked in, I spilled a $20 bill to the desk clerk and asked if there were any complimentary upgrades available. She bumped us (two rooms) up to the tower with a nice view of the Volcano on the 24th floor. Nice. Rooms were beyond comfortable - lovely king size bed, walk in shower, full sized bath tub, and double sink. HEAVEN. As for the casino, it's just the right size. It's big without being a labyrinth. After the first day, you won't get lost. That was nice "to come home to" at the end of our Vegas evenings. We casino hopped on day one and while the other casinos were very nice, I was happy we chose to stay at the Mirage. I was just much more comfortable in a slightly smaller atmosphere. Speaking of casino hopping, Mirage is a great home base to see the whole strip. It's centrally located, right next to Caesars (very walkable), and across the street from Harrah's (also walkable) if you're looking for some cheaper table games. Caesars was also great for shopping. As for the food, we didn't eat a lot at Mirage, but I can speak for the buffet. That was a really great evening meal and a decent value for Vegas. Finally, because we went to Vegas to gamble I can tell you that we had lots of luck at the Mirage - both at the tables and the slots. Our Harrah's night was also quite productive, though we lost money at Bellagio and Tropicana . . .  Margaritaville was good to us though! Overall, we left Vegas with more money than we came with. Call it beginners luck. PROS: Centrally located on the strip, fantastic rooms in the Tower, loved the Volcano, not as crowded as other casinos, and great customer-centered service. CONS: Not as big and fancy as some of the other casinos (but that could be a plus!)TIPS: 1. Read the Vegas tips online before you go. I learned the $20 upgrade trick by doing that! Try it at Mirage. It worked for me. 2. Even if you are not a nightclub person, get yourself over to Hyde at about 8-9pm to watch the Bellagio fountain show. Best view in Vegas for the fountains! 3. Play MyVegasSlots before you go to get points at the Mirage and then sign up for a club card when you arrive. Trust me, it's worth it even if you are not a big spender! We got two for one buffets and several free drinks. 4. Starbucks at Mirage is always crowded after 8am. . . but if you can get there at 7:45am. . . 5. Tip the dealers. It's polite. 6. Go downtown! It's worth it! 7. Put a twenty in the machines at the bars and play at least $2 a hand. They will give you a free drink. This worked at every casino except the Bellagio.
1	Just got here for CES. I came here last year and it was great, but this year things have changed.Check in - I may have gotten the wrong guy (James), because he was so much less nice and accommodating than the guy at the desk next to him. The hotel gives every guest complimentary water - he did not offer me one. He didn't tell me my room number. He gave me a room that is right next to the highway and super loud. Plus, and this is not James' fault, there are tons of nicks in the desk and the bed pillow looks dirty and old. Contrast this with the check in desk next to me. The guest arrived after me, was offered water instantly, was given her credit card total, and got checked in within half the time. I did call the desk to see if there were any quieter rooms available and they said no  - now that we've got you in a room, you're in. Maybe you can change tomorrow. Maybe I should've mentioned the dirty pillows?
4	The Mirage is a great choice to stay at when in Las Vegas. Located on the strip, it's conveniently located next to Caesar's Palace and the Forum Shops. It's also walking distance to many places on the strip. My family stayed at The Mirage this past Christmas. Inside, the rooms in the Mirage are clean, modern, and spacious. They do a good job about crowd control by having elevators that are designated to only to to certain floors. This is very helpful considering the Mirage has 24 floors plus luxury suites. The hotel itself many different amenities. Beatles Love by Cirque de Solei plays at the Mirage. They also have the Volcano, where it "erupts" nightly. There are also a variety of different restaurants and their reasonably priced Cravings Buffet. Staff was friendly and helpful throughout our stay at the Mirage. We also had access to one of the luxury suites; great views and spacious rooms. It was affordable during the Christmas season; I believe the price was less than $100 a night. Still it can be expensive to stay on the strip so plan accordingly.
3	This was the only hotel where I could actually tolerate the smoke. And as a result, they made quite a bit of money off of me in their casino. I didn't even think to ask for comps. Nonetheless, a fight broke out and it took security forever to come and break it up. This was very scary. I have mixed feelings about the security or the perception of security based on this fight. It doesn't matter what you look like, anyone could pull out a gun and start shooting. I literally thought this was going to happen at this casino. People need to feel safe when they're spending their money, so heads-up Mirage. You all need to get it together on the security end so people can be safe!!
