3	Tried this place out for their cold opening. The owner said the Grand opening would be in a couple weeks as he is still working on adjusting the place and making minor fixes here and there.  Ordered the chili dog, chili has a nice kick to it, but they charged extra for cheese. Boo. They serve cupcakes here too.  However, the owner was very friendly and came to talk to each one of us customers as were were eating our food. He is very proud of serving some sort of chicago green soda. I haven't tried it, but I guess folks from chicago know what it is. Overall, hotdogs are tasty, but expensive.  This place would need some $5 or $6  lunch specials.
4	I tried Chi Town Dogs for the first time today.  I placed a phone order for pick up and was told it would be 15 minutes.  I arrived 15 minutes later and found myself standing in line with people who had yet to order.  There was one girl taking orders up front and another in the back presumably on the phone or working the drive-thru.  The owner was running around frantic telling his staff to get food bagged up but to finish taking orders first.  Soon enough I was up to the counter and told my food would be ready shortly.  I was getting frustrated with them.  My food was not ready when they said it would be.  The lack of organization was exhausting.  I was ready to get my food and go.  I watched them make it, handed over my money, and went on my merry way.  My frustration was quickly replaced with pure bliss when I felt the weight of the food in my bag.  Two sandwiches and it was easily a couple of pounds.  My sandwich was incredible.  I got the beef and sausage combo dipped in "gravy" with added mozzerella.  A little bit salty but very good.  The bun was so soggy having been dipped.  It made it hard to eat.  I made such a mess.  My hands, the table, the napkins.  All were covered in food residue.  Like I always say, if it's good it's messy and if it's messy it's good.  This my friends was good.  The beef was flavorful and had just the right amount of thickness.  The sausage was so tender.  My teeth cut through the skin with no problems.  It made a more easy to eat sandwich without having to battle the toughness of sausage skin.  Remarkable.  With the quality of the food, I am willing to overlook the fact that the service and organization could use some improvement.  I was quite satisfied upon finishing.  That made the $8 price tag worth it.
4	I tried Chi Town dogs today and it was pretty good. I had the cheese fries which were spectacular. They have some Jelly-Belly flavored sodas which I didn't try but seem pretty cool. It's a cool place, but definitely not for those counting calories.
4	Awesome place! I enjoyed their tasty food, quick service, laid back environment, friendly employees. Also every time I walk in I always have a warm welcoming and it is nice that the owner recognized me each time no matter how many people I bring. If anyone were to ever ask my opinion it would be a definite yes GO TRY IT!!! My personal recommendation Chicken burger w/ cheese fries Yum! **Great meal! **Affordable!! ___T
5	Received an order this morning for  a flower delivery to celebrate their Grand openng. Naturally we had to order the Chicago hot dog. Very tasty. Fast courteous service woith owners talking to all the guests.
5	I absolutely love the salmon burger! Be warned it's so good that it's a addictting!!
2	Went on opening day, they had tons of staff but were still slow. We ordered two hot dogs and fries and they forgot the fries. I got the chili dog, it was ok. He got the Chicago dog and liked it. Fries were good. Price is moderate.
4	Ordered a chicago dog dragged thru the garden.  Bun: soft & warm...dog: hot & juicy...veggies: crisp & plentiful.  The dog was big enough that no chips/fries were necessary.  VERY clean dining room.  Another customer ordered a dog completely custom from the menu and the staff was more than happy to accomodate.  Unique soda flavors.  DEFINATELY beats weinerschnitzel!!
4	Chicago dogs are great! Our office goes here on occasion for lunch and I've never been dissapointed.
3	This restaurant has closed, only a few months after it opened.  Too bad. I ate there twice and enjoyed it both times.
1	closed!!
