4	I love this place. Absolutely expert master jeweler who has fixed many of my prized possessions I would not have let just anyone touch. They are always friendly, always quick, and do a wonderful job.They once helped me replace a lost diamond that was a very old European cut, excellent quality, and needed to match other diamonds in the ring. I was shocked at how little they charged me for it (and how quickly they found one for me), and it was a pristine match. London Gold wanted to charge me hundreds and hundreds more... It was set in a natural baroque pearl ring (natural pearls are very heat sensitive and difficult to work with). They did a wonderful job taking every precaution and it looks fabulous.With that said, they lost a star for two reasons...[1] They are a bit pricey for many routine services (i.e. retipping, etc). I know jewelers are expensive, but... still. Unfortunately most of my work is now done by a man who works at a jewelry designer but does side work. He does good work (not quite as good as Brighton) but is far less expensive (1/3 to 1/4 the price). I miss going to Brighton for it, though... I really like them, but it was sometimes a bit too pricey on run-of-the-mill repairs. I would still go to them for anything special I needed![2] Their jewelry selection is mainly not fine jewelry. They have very fair prices on some nice gold jewelry, but they never seem to have many nice items I like. Mostly, they have TONS of watches, and lower-end sterling jewelry. So, some people love that, but after having them work on some of my stuff and seeing their amazing attention to detail and workmanship, I think they should have a little bit more higher quality stuff in there. I think they should market themselves as a more high-end store. I thought twice before I let them work on the first item I took them, as it was high-end, detailed, and very important to me... just because most of their store was stocked with cheaper stuff. But after seeing their impeccable work on multiple occasions, I can definitely vouch for their workmanship, incredible service, and trustworthiness. The look of the store sells that short a little bit, though, in my opinion at least.On a side note, they moved to a larger store in the same shopping plaza as their previous location. It's on the south side of the parking lot, just perpendicular to TJ Maxx, and I love the new larger store. It looks a lot nicer!All in all, if the economy wasn't so crappy and I didn't worry about money at all, they would be my only jeweler. Very trustworthy, and they take every last precaution for your fine jewelry. Amazing work.-Jessica
1	I will never come back here again. I had to get my gold ring re-sized to fit my finger better and had to go down one full size. Naturally, there would be left over gold. I asked the jewelers to give me back the excess gold when I returned to pick up my ring. Well, they did not have the left over gold when I picked up my order. The lady working there said that we should have mentioned that we wanted the excess. Two things wrong here. Who the heck would not want the left over gold from getting a ring re-sized? Dang right I want to extra gold!!! Secondly, we did ask to have the excess gold returned to us when we placed the order. To me, this is stealing and the public should be made aware of this. Now, in my eyes, their integrity is damaged beyond repair and I will never return. Try Schmidt Jewelers instead.
5	Family run, locally owned, professional jewelers. They brought my Nixon watch back from the dead (it was seriously scratched and scuffed) and it now gleams more than when I first bought it. They tore down the entire watch to buff and polish every possible surface - only $50. Very friendly and upbeat people - great to do business with.
1	Terrible experience!  I went to Brighton Jewelers to have a charm bracelet repaired that was purchased for me by my mother and grandmother for my 10th birthday.  It came with 1 charm and they added charms for the rest of my childhood on to early adult years.  Now, I'm 56 and wear it proudly so, when several charms had fallen off and the safety chain broke, I went to Brighton Jewelers to have 5 charms re-attached and the safety chain fixed.  The lady was nice, looked over everything and said it would be $48 which was fine with me.  I'm on a pretty tight budget and asked to have 1/2 the work done then, and said I would be back next month to have the other half done.  She said that they would fix the chain and re-sotter the broken charm first and I could have the other 4 charms attached for the next trip.  Mind you, the other 4 charms were not broken like the first charm, they had just come off their jump rings.  I had the first half of the work done, picked it up for $24 and was happy with the work.  Everything was fine.  A pay cycle later, I returned as promised with the 4 charms and the bracelet.  She wrote it up and said it would be $32!!!  I reminded her of our agreement and she told me that there had been a small price increase.  From $6 to $8 per charm is no small price increase.  Then she said the original quote was a quantity discount.  I reminded her that I'd had the work done previously and had returned as promised.  Then the man came out and said the $2 additional fee was for the jump rings they had to use to re-attach the charm.  Oh really!?!?  Now I had steam coming out of my ears.  These people are greedy little trolls.  I will never go back.
2	2 stars because the woman on the phone was very pleasant and helpful. After calling, I rushed right over there bringing a ring that needed a somewhat unusual repair that I had described over the phone.  I explained to the woman that I had purchased the ring for under $20 outside the US, but had been told recently that it was a relatively expensive platinum ring with a gold inlay, and it had a lot of sentimental value. The woman took a look at my ring, said it probably just needed to be cleaned and then quickly repaired, so she took it to the young man in the back to confirm.  A few minutes later she came back and said there's absolutely nothing they could do for it, but they would be kind enough to SELL ME AN UGLIER VERSION OF MY RING for the low price of $220 dollars.  I couldn't believe it. In their industry, they should realize how sentimental jewelry can be...  Once I said I definitely wasn't interested in buying, she started to say that they might be able to fix mine, but at that point I wasn't interested. Shame on them!
5	Stan is the man :) great jewelry good prices got my hubby's ring there we special ordered it & it came in very fast, I come from a background in jewelry 10 + yrs experience & I would trust my jewelry with them here great customer service they do amazing work on repairs & watches . Don't take you're jewelry anywhere else :)
4	Our family has used Brighton for years. I routinely bring my wedding rings here for cleaning and rhodium plating. Everything is done in house; no nonsense where your jewelry is shipped off to a third party. They are affordable, trustworthy and a great local business.
