4	What an odd place for a sleep american outlet.Ok, looks like a crappy building, inside and out...but its not like you are gonna spend a lot of time there.These outlet places has great deals on great beds. I bought my top for 350, when originally priced 1200. Ok...always try outlet places first!
5	Excellent service.  They delivered on time.  Friendly and nice people.  I love my new matterass.  I will send all my friends. Thanks.
1	rec'd. an unsolicited call from the owner & spokesperson for sleep america, Debby Gaiby urging me to support some tea bag candidate. Just so you know where your money ends up when you patronize these stores.Get a quote from them, & have a competitor match (or beat) their price if you have an I.Q. higher than room temperature. Or, believe a woman owns her own body, etc.You know their depraved agenda !!!
1	Dear Ms. Debbie Gaby, I would like to share with you a recent experience I had at your 2501 N. Scottsdale Rd. Scottsdale, AZ 85257 store on Friday 7/18/14 around 1pm in the afternoon.  I walked in with full intentions of leaving there with a lighter wallet and a receipt for a king size bed purchase in my hands, but thanks to a very well dressed salesman; Mr. Richard/Rico C., that did not happen.  He allowed me to answer his two opening questions of how could he help me and how fast do I want it, after that he started talking about government standards, coil counts, bad backs/ mattress firmness, mattress height and again back to government this and government that, I finally got a chance to speak and said that I was pretty much old school and preferred to purchase something that was more original and did not include the foam rubber memory foam stuff......he began talking a thousand words a minute again and pulled a pillow off a bed, removed a chunk a foam out of a pillow case and told me that all beds were made of foam and there was no way around that, then he asked me what kind of rubber and began naming off different kinds of rubber...at this point I had had enough, I began to walk to the door and said I have to go, this is way too much for me, I will find another mattress store, you have a good day sir....he responded with yelling good luck as I left your store.  Is it really that difficult to buy a mattress in one of your stores?  I thought your company was top notch and the absolute best place to go for a mattress.  I am not sure of the exact dollar amount I would have spent that day...I am guessing a king size mattress with box-spring (s) and possibly a metal bed frame... somewhere in the ball park between $500.00 to $1,000.00?? I do know that your store did not make a sale off of me that day and the reason was the salesperson.  You can give him credit though, if his intentions were to completely baffle me, make my head spin with useless information and run me out of your store without spending a dime....he certainly did that with great success.
