5	Get 10 cents off per gallon if you opt for a car wash after pumping gas. This can be a good way to save on gas and get a clean car in the process. The pumps are well lit in the evening and there is a fully stocked convenience store just a few steps away from your car. I have visited many times and the atmosphere seems to be a bit nicer than other gas stations that have rock bottom prices. Plus, there's always been a pump available to me, which is nice not having to wait around. Try out the car wash, it did a great job as well, how convenient.
1	My boyfriend took my car to get it washed and smog at this location since I have been here once before and they do an awesome job with detailing and cleaning the car. They were even able to vacuum up all the dog hair on my seats.But after today, I'm having second thoughts about bringing my car back here since the guy driving from the end of the wash to the detailing section handled it like he was in some Ken Block Gymkhana video.The employees should treat these cars with the same respect as they would expect if it was their car. What if he had hit someone or something? What if my boyfriend wasn't standing outside and didn't see him do this? How many other cars has he done this to? This behavior is completely unacceptable.The employee got the tongue lashing he deserved but the dollar tip was way too much gratitude for his lack of service.
5	First time here for a wash handwax. 30$ was a bit steep, but the attention to detail was great. Inside and out looked awesome and everyone was friendly. Reminds me of what terribles used to be like.
5	I give this place a five. $25 for a VIP carwash which is a full service interior and exterior detail. You get $.20 off per gallon on gas with purchase and best of all! YOUR CHOICE OF A FREE CAR FRESHENER!! now seriously who doesn't love a free gift regardless the value or price in anything you purchase. It's free. Seriously we love free stuff. Detailing was pristine. Te service was fantastic and the employees are very friendly. Why the nice cashier lady had a smile and was always laughing. I know it's a car wash joint but coming from a person who works guest services you can feel a sense of hospitality from her even if it is a gas station. You get a loyal punch card which entitles you to your tenth wash free which is a great incentive to come back. I mean it's really a good deal for the quality detail and service you get compared to going to the dealership and paying $50-75 for it. Plus do you see dealerships giving free fresheners?!?! I DON'T THINK SO!!! There is also a waiting area, a section with holiday cards if you are one to multitasking and forgot a birthday, and a great Mexican joint called chile verde. Prices range from $5-7 not bad if you ask me!
5	I love this place when it comes to a car wash!I have a convertible, so I pretty much need the hand job...er hand wash. Their price is extremely fair and the workers are very nice. WAY better price than Washworks.   They are thorough and take good care of everything.
5	$25 for a VIP carwash and a frequent customer card stamped where your 11th carwash is FREE.The VIP carwash is exactly what you need.  It's full service for both your car's exterior and interior.  They polish it up real good and get into the nooks and crannies of your car where you might have spilled some coffee, or left some bread crumbs from that sandwich you were eating on your way to work.  They even give you an air freshener to have in your car; you choose the smell!  They even polish up your tires, and make sure the inside part of your windows don't have smears.  They give a great deal of attention to your car whether your drive a Benz or a Civic.  I highly recommend this place.  They have a pretty awesome waiting lobby too, and even a small joint to gamble. All your snacks and car accessories are on sale in their store, and their gas prices aren't to shabby either.  Wait time might be a little long, but you want them to take their time on your car!Best place to get your car washed.  Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (41 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!
1	Paid $19 for car wash and vacuuming, got there at 2:52pm, car came out of wash and was pulled into vacuum area, waited and waited, saw the guys joking around with each other as they were cleaning other cars, waited patiently, car was moved up to front, cleaning guys came by and looked at receipt in window and proceeded to clean other cars that cam out after mine from car wash, at 3:35 had enough told off the manager and got in my car and drove off, idiots working there will never use them again.
1	I paid for the exterior AND interior to be washed/wiped and my seats were dusty, radio was still dusty, and my rims still had dirt all inside them. NEVER AGAIN WILL I GO HERE - THEY SUCK.
5	Okay so this is not really a review for the gas station because who cares about the gas station when they have this AH-MAZING little mexican resturant in there called Chile Verde that literally is the BEST mexican food maker EVER!! If you are stopping for some gas and you are hungry, seriously go get some of his food you will NOT regret it!
1	Car wash and oil change store should cooperate a bit more for customers that want a wash and oil change.  I've tried this location a few times, trying to give them the benefit of perhaps a bad day but each visit has met with a poor experience.EVERYTHING is done al-carte, the restaurant, the car wash, the oil change, the convenience store won't work with the others, leaving you to stand in line four times if you are a glutton for that kind of poor service.  The oil change shop is so worried about liability I have to question the honesty of the management., it seems to mee that they try to baffle customers with disclaimers and warnings, it's an oil change, not rocket-science.  I think this is my last try with Choice, you know the saying, "fool me twice...".. time to find a better "choice"...
5	Their car washes are excellent and they do a wonderful job!  I love their oil changes for you get a free car wash each time you change your oil and $3.00 off your next oil change too. Friendly workers and Amazing place!  Smog checks only $18.00 too
1	Today I gave this place a 2nd chance because my 1st experience wasn't great. I feel like I pretty much paid for an automatic car wash. I purchased the wash that included interior & exterior and both times my car was still dirty. Didn't seem like much effort was put into vacuuming, wiping things down or my windows. They didn't even clean my back window at all. i did it myself when i got home. This place is horrible with poor quality work & I won't be going back... Ever!!! Annoyed that I wasted $25 today.
1	Terrible customer service. Took my brand new car for a wash and their machines scratched all my paint. When I pointed out to them what happened they just blew me off. I wouldn't go there ever. BAD BUSINESS!!!!!
1	I took my car in today after a good experience last month. I paid 20 dollars for a wash and now have to spend 200-300 dollars due to them scratching my window tint. I spoke to the manager and some girl who thought she was important and said that I did it and not to accuse them for my damage. They will not do anything for me. Its a shame they take our money but they don't take the responsibility when they damage a customers property. NEVER GO THERE. I am starting litigation against them.
3	This store is a little disorganized and cluttered. They need to spend some time cleaning the store and the pumps. Plenty of employees standing around, just not cleaning, facing, or filling. The + was that the gas pumps were working properly!
3	busy, busy, busy.. they have a convenience store, car wash, smog check station,auto shop, plus gas all in one corner location. I went for the smog check. Reasonably priced, quick and friendly service. I paid for the smog inside the convenience store which was stocked with plenty of food and snacks to put a smile on your face.
5	Great place for al car services! SmogOil ChangeCar Wash GasVideo PokerMexican Grill
1	Took the car there today and paid $25 for a VIP wash. They only polished half the inside and didn't even shine the tires. It was the end of the day so it looks like they were rushing so they could go home. I know I should have double checked, but  they should do it right the first time.
5	Took my girlfriends car here to get washed inside and out (VIP service ($25)). Come before 1 o'clock for the happy hour which is $10 off! Takes about 15 + minutes but it seems they take care of everything: door jams,tires,rims,etc. best around for 25$ no one will beat it. A++ will be back
5	I've been here for my oil change and car wash a few times before and every time I get excellent customer service. The guys that do my oil change are Always very friendly. Even the people at the register is smiling and welcoming.
5	I have been getting my gas here for awhile now and kept thinking I should get a car wash. They offer a VIP wash Monday thru Thursday 11-1 for only $15.00 instead of the normal $25.00 price. Yesterday I finally decided my car was so dirty that I needed to take it in. I got there at 11 am and drove right up to the line where an employee greeted me asked me what car wash I wanted and then gave me my ticket along with directions to cashier. I have to stop right here and let everyone know when I say my car was dirty well I own a Welsh Corgie who rides in my car and my carpets and back seats are covered in dog hair. I mean covered. When my car came off the line and the young man opened up my car doors I just cringed. I watched him grab the vacuum where he just kept vacuuming the carpet in the front seat then another guy came and started on the passenger side and this went on for about 15 minutes. I walked over to them and said Don't worry about all the hair just get as much as you can. They both laughed and then started on the back seat and carpets. My car looks and smells brand new and the guys there did an amazing job. I am so happy and my car looks GREAT. I mean the hair is all gone from car and even my husband was shocked as he looked at my car and just said WOW. I can only say that I waited far to long to get my car cleaned here and now this place will be my little car wash heaven. The guys wipe down the door jams, the tires and the rims. They are just Awesome..
3	Figured I would try it once, "VIP" detail, vehicle only partly clean; substantial bug residue and unclean portions of exterior especially around moldings and detail on body. Treatments to interior applied very unevenly, some spots running with extra and large untreated sections. Substantial dust untouched on interior, and sections of unclean interior and exterior glass. One particular area pointed out at check in with coffee around cup holder that "would be taken care of" untouched. Advertised 15 gal of discounted fuel only 9 gallons out in, had to fill it myself thereafter.Later wife brought her vehicle to the same location and better but not great wash .
5	Great place. I've been here several times & have recommended it to many others. Today I had an oil change & a VIP car wash. The VIP car wash is $25 but if you get an oil change, it's $5 off. My car looks like it's brand new, almost as if I paid for a car detail. Great deal & always good quality work & friendly service!
1	Came here for a carpet clean and shampoo seats. They told me it would be charge 80 total plus addition 15 dollar tip! Seriously?! I thought you tip on how great they do. Not on how much they demand.This is gonna be the last time I come here.
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS CAR WASH!!!!I took my car to have it detailed and a stain removed from the front seat.  Not only were they unable to remove the stain, but they ripped the stitching from the seat!  I tried to get it reconciled but the manager BART was unable to do so.  I submitted to the Better Business Bureau with no response.  I will now be taking them to small claims court to be reimbursed to have my car seat fixed $175.BEWARE!!!!
5	Best car wash I have been to in Vegas....hands down. I have a dog that spends a lot of time in my backseat. With some of the other car washes I have received I have to go home and touch up the windows or do some extra vacuuming. Not here. They keep at it until it looks right. I do the $20 executive and give a few bucks for a tip at the end. Always worth it.  Tip: want the windshield chip repair guy to leave you alone? Tell him you drive a company car and don't control the repairs.
1	I have been there before and had gotten good service but today i went to get an oil change and a car wash. I went to the oil change guy first and he said he would take the car to get washed after he was done. about 20 minutes later he shows up to tell me that my filter needed changing and I say go ahead. He then tells me he will only take a few minutes and then off to the car wash. So there I am waiting patiently for my car to be done. I hate to be a pain so I wait without any concerns thinking to myself, these people know what they are doing. WRONG, i am waiting and waiting, finally i go see for myself what could be taking so long. The car was parked in the lot. No one ever bothered to inform me that my car was done. I complained to cashier who passed me off to the car wash manager. He apologized for the poor service and blamed it on the oil change guys. Said they were supposed to call me when it was done. Yeah right, they change oil not wash cars. They have no checks and balances over there. They don't work together as a complete service team. Next time I will just go to Jiffy. They are more professional. Lesson for others, if you get two services done, don't assume they work together. You are on your own to figure who is done with what and be your own customer service because they have none there.
1	I sent a package to florida on wednesday with the new girl and thursday i got the package back in front of my door on my vegas address! Wow
5	Chose this location today to get my Jeep smogged & serviced; Mike took care of me all through my time at the Dino Lube shop. They did a thorough service, topping off all fluids. I discussed a leak issue, and appreciate their experience and honesty. No hard sell, no cheating.I will bring wife's car here, and recommend it to friends.As for the Windshield Guy, a smile and a no is all you need... Unless you need the service. Tips were not mentioned, and was my option.
1	Very disappointing. I paid for a VIP wash. They forgot to vacuum an area in the 2 row, forgot to wipe the back windows, and I still have water marks on the outside of the moon roof. A REGULAR wash somewhere else would have been better.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Sinclair Choice is a bad choice.
4	Great place to get a carwash during the week. They are very busy on the weekends. They do a good  through cleaning.
2	My car looks great..I have a pug that sheds considerably in the backseat and they were able to remove the hair and the interior is spotless..butttt it also took them over three hours and cost me 100.00.  I am understandably patient but they weren't even busy and I didn't even see someone working on it half of the time. I would rather take my car anywhere else in vegas than to come back here simply based on customer service. I'm just disappointed.
5	My favorite time of year - car registration and smog check!!! So I debated where to try this time and was referred to a place by my daughter, who lives about a block from it. I went on a weekday morning around 9 AM. There was one car sitting at the smog station, so I was about to park nearby when the smog attendant waved me around to pull in back of the car already there. Immediately a fellow comes over from the main part of the gas station and starts looking at my windshield. I ask him what's up and he says they do free chip repair. So, I thought sure why not, even though I had no chips - this was a little bonus! It made total sense out here in Vegas, with the dust and construction lately. Anyway, the smog attendant pulled the other car out of the way and started in on my smog check. I was in and out of the station in under 10 minutes. The price was reasonable and the attendant was very professional and friendly. I'll have no problem deciding where to go for next year's smog check - yay!!!
5	Just want everyone to know that Choice has had the utmost integrity to admit to damaging my vehicle and completely repairing the damage. The company employees acted with humility and kindness to make the situation completely right. They have my business in spite of today's set-back! Thank you for your customer service!
1	EVERYONE PLEASE BE CAREFUL, OUTSIDE THE PLACE, ONE HISPANIC GUY TRIES TO SELL THE FIXING WINDSHIELD DEAL. DON'T EVER EVER ACCEPT IT. That's scam. At first, he'll borrow your insurance ID card, then friendly fix your windshield, but at the end he pretends to call your insurance company and claim the company doesn't approve for some certain reason. And end up you have to pay that 5 minutes service 60 bucks. The place is great, the service is excellent , but nobody manages the place to prevent that guy from scamming the customers.
1	This is the worst gas station ever. It took them 45 minutes to even touch my car at the car wash. They were 10 cars and two people working. This was a special time of the day. I have been here several times and it takes over an hour and 15 minutes sometimes an hour and a half!
