4	This is probably my preferred option for the cluster of Happy Hours in this small section of Fashion Square. For one reason: the margaritas. Specifically, the Chambord margaritas. They pump them out of a machine that looks like a soft serve and top them with warm chambord. They don't taste all that strong and then BAM! you find yourself with a big cheesesteak a mile away. Dangerous is what those things are. And delicious. Deliciously dangerous. Yeah.
3	My mom and I stopped in here after a day of power shopping.  She swears by the fish tacos here (*sigh* she has never been to Wahoo's . . .).Service?  Inattentive, though friendly.  I hate to give a bad review to a nice server, but I also hate getting to the bottom of my water glass without a refill.Food?  Fish tacos were tasty - but the best part about them was the dipping sauce.  We also had little grilled shrimp with guacamole on corn chips - yum.  These were super satisfying!Drinks?  I had the pomegranate-ginger margarita, and I think it was my fault for making a bad choice.  It wasn't super-special, but I would be willing to go back and try another marg.Overall impression?  My knife wasn't clean, that is never a good thing.  Apparently people were smoking in the bar, which you can smell throughout the entire restaurant - gross.  The servers seemed less than thrilled to be at work, and that really comes across and makes your guests feel uncomfortable.  All in all, it really came across as a southwestern Applebee's to me.  OK, ok, maybe a bit better than that, but not great.  3 stars for the yummy shrimp appetizer and the decent fish tacos.
3	A friend of mine dragged me here saying it was one of her favorite restaurants. Obviously I had high expectations, but they were not completely met.One big problem which is not necessarily the restaurants fault is cornbread. Z Tejas is a southwestern restaurant and they serve cornbread before your meal. BLEH. I hate cornbread! I don't know why I just think it's nasty! The Chicken pasta I had was very good, but this restaurant is just not my style. Small menu with nothing that really appealed to me. Good service and nice atmosphere. If you like cornbread ...SIGH..you will probably love this place.
4	Long day at work? Family coming to town? Need some drinks to put a break up out of your mind? Head to Z Tejas and order a Chambord margarita stat!!! The refreshing, frozen treats are so potent that the restaurant and bar will limit you to three. And while you may think you're not feeling more than a case of brain freeze after your first one, you're sure to feel the effect soon enough. If you're with a big group be sure to grab a booth or a patio seat at this cool Scottsdale Fashion Square nightspot. The patio is a fun place to people watch and take in the fancy rides that people valet. If you're inside with a couple of friends, grab a seat at the bar and say hello to Jerrod Sands. He's one of the best bartenders in Scottsdale. But don't hate on him when he cuts you off after that third Chambord margarita. You're probably slurring by now and he has your best interest in mind after all.
3	Great margaritas! Really great. Strong. Too many will give you a headache though because they don't use the highest grade tequilla or anything. Still, it's a yummy buzz-giver. The chips and salsa are mediocre, and I assume the food is nothing special either... I haven't eaten anything here though, so I can't judge it on that. The ambiance is pretty nice - upstairs and downstairs is laid out pretty well and the lighting and furniture is comfortable. It's not too loud in there to have a conversation. They have a few crappy tvs playing basic cable sports usually. The crowd is slightly on the douchy side, but it makes for good people watching because everyone is pretty good looking.It's a good starting point to have a margarita or two before heading out somewhere fun.
2	Aaah! This place, which was known for its very strong margaritas, is under new ownership. And the drinks are WEAK, people! Very, very sad. Not that I probably need the extra alcohol, but still..My husband and I went here over the weekend, used to the margaritas we've had for years (chambord for me, sixth-street for him). We tasted them and, blech! They tasted like they came from those Tastee-freeze machines at a state fair, or something. When my husband complained to the waitress, she simply told him that if he wanted a strong drink he "should order the frozen ones."Right...Seriously, the rude waitress thing was something new, too. Usually people there have been really friendly.Then I had the same wild mushroom enchiladas I've always had. I was dismayed to find that the enchiladas now include squash and carrots and other veggies inside. It really ruins the flavor. Not only that, but the yummy black bean and avocado-onion-tomato salsa that used to come as a side dish has been replaced with -- carrot and raw onion strips. Who the hell eats carrot sticks with an enchilada???Ugh. They've ruined this place, which used to be my favorite standard Happy Hour/cheap food place. So, so sad.Any recommendations for a new happy hour, anyone?
4	Best margaritas in town. Go with the frozen margarita with chambord, it's by far their best. You also can't go wrong with the Trio appetizer - it's a combination of mild salsa, queso, and guacamole. Additionally, their diablo chicken pasta is pretty tasty - just enough spice to get you through the night! I can't wait to make another trip back to Arizona!
4	Very good southwestern fare.  Have been to two of their locations and both were equally good.  Very good service, and an excellent Sunday Brunch (brunch, what a wonderful way to say it's okay to drink alcohol before noon)...
3	Had lunch here the first time of my visit.  Was surprised at the quality of the food and drink... for a mall restaurant. The shrimp & guac tostadas appetizer was our favorite.
3	Yep, I like it.  Another place I really only come to when my mom visits as she likes it.  I ordered the tortilla soup tonight and it was really good.  I'm also a fan of the cornbread they serve in lieu of same ole' chips and salsa.  But, I really love the shrimp and guac tostada bites.  Ordered it for my entree tonight and only $4.80-who knew happy hour apps were 1/2 price here!  Maybe most people.  Maybe I need to get out more.
4	i mentioned in my review of the Tempe Z-Tejas that i like their food. What the Scottsdale location does better than Tempe is service and location. You can either enter from outside or from inside the mall. i prefer to mix my pure hatred of shopping with a delectable tortilla soup and some sweet corn bread served with honey butter. every time i've come here, i've come alone. i've never been mistreated as single patrons sometimes are, and i've always been surprised at the quality of my service.
4	The Fashion Square location is the best one I have been to out of the locations in the valley.  My buddies and I have been there multiple times for day drinking and have never not had a great time.  Like the grammar?We have always gotten drinks there with very little food, save the cornbread.  I am not a huge cornbread fan, but this cornbread is fantastic.  It always comes out hot with some butter.  Perfect for helping soak up copious amounts of alcohol.  And the alcohol of choice is the chambordrita.  These things are so strong that they limit it to 2 per person.  Somehow on a very long day of drinking my buddy Z had 4 and he was hammered.  We continued drinking after that mind you, but he could hardly stand.  They are tasty, but very cold so go slow.The food I have had has been decent.  The chips and three different salsas they bring out are good and I have heard the guac is good as well.  I think I have had the green chili enchiladas which were tasty.  I have had some sort of shrimp dish that was palatable as well.  The service and atmosphere has always been above par.  The servers we have had have been personable and attentive.  Sitting on the patio on a spring day or early summer night is the tits.
5	It's a chain, but I love it! Practically everything we have ordered here is fantastic! I usually get a southwestern Caesar salad with no chicken sub shrimp! It is the best Caesar salad. The jerk chicken salad is awesome as well, as is the chopped chicken salad. Sometimes we go for happy hour because their half off specials are amazing. They used to have the most delicious nachos with black beans, but they have since vanished from the menu. Oh how I long for those nachos, haha. The shrimp dumplings are top notch, and the ahi is delectable. Misses are the catfish beignets and the fish tacos, just didn't hit the spot. We go here all the time- the servers are attentive and always remember our quirks and orders.
3	This place was fun and made for a good meal after a morning of shopping.  Conveniently located in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall.  We ordered the salsa trio as an appetizer and all 3 were very good although our favorite was the avocado tomatillo.  the waiter asked us several times if we wanted cornbread and we said yes because we wanted to try it but it never arrived which was ok because we had plenty to eat and our table was quite small but I'm still left wondering how it would have tasted.  I had the green chile barbacoa enchiladas at the recommendation of the waiter and I was not disappointed.   while we didn't have any drinks there was a fun make your own drink bar with all the fixings you could ever want to mix with your alcohol.  would make for a fun happy hour place.  overall a very nice restaurant for a lunchtime shopping break.
4	So odd, I think i was here eight years ago while in Phoenix for a conference. Dejavu aside, the reason we stopped here was solely for the Chambord Margaritas. We were going to do a little shopping but the freaking mall was closed for Easter. Was it like that in Chicago too? We sat at the bar, outside but under heated panels. AHHHHHH... :) I love this about Arizona. I don't normally drink frozen margs but this was delicious. Like dessert for the breakfast we just ate. After establishing a nice buzz we were off for a walk. I did use the bathroom but I can't remember it now. I do remember it was nice. The buzz made memory fuzzy.
2	I guess maybe because they have a great location Z Tejas doesnt think it has too work that hard anymore.  I was there with a large group and we were all extremely disappointed across the board.  The service was really slow (even with the bar being slow) and almost non existent.  It took so long to get drinks that some people were questioning if they had ordered or not.  We had dirty plates and old drinks on our table that we couldnt get rid of even when we piled them up and shoved them all to the corner of the table. The food took even longer.  20+ minutes for shrimp tostada bites and the had clearly been sitting for a bit since the shrimp was cold.  Chicken burritos with minimal chicken-if you ask for more beware you will be charged 8 more bucks for it!!   The cheese quesadilla didnt have enough cheese either.  I was very disappointed and will not return.  The only plus was sitting on the patio.  maybe the service is better during there prime hours but it should be the same all the time, right?
4	Okay before I get into the drinks, I'll start with the food.  My fave is the peppered turkey avocado sandwich, with these delicious fries.  Or, (Amber: note the paragraph change) you could get the chili verde appetizer, or the grilled shrimp and guac tostada bites, or the tejas trio with guac, queso, and salsa and chips.  Bottom line is the food is solid, all the way up to the fruit cobbler for dessert.  Settle for nothing less. For drinks, Z caps you at 3 margaritas so make it count with the chambord rita before you switch to beers.  It's good, you'll be flavored, life is perfect.
4	Z'Tejas is a margarita orgy. Virtually every imaginable beverage combination has been infused with tequila. Reading through their drinks menu is as intoxicating as the actual drinks.I happened to be in Scottsdale this past Friday because I was filling in at our branch there. Just like last Friday when the Biltmore office desperately needed me to come by and fill in, this work day was tragically slow. What better way to alleviate my boredom than imbibing at a local establishment? Dani, who is quickly becoming my new post-work drinking buddy, emailed me and suggested Z'Tejas. I'm excited to report that this was an excellent choice.Dani ordered the Sky Pineapple Vodka and soda. Since there was less than a shot left, they didn't charge her for the cocktail, which is cool and appropriate as I sampled it and couldn't take any alcohol. I ordered the ginger pomogranate margarita. Heavenly!! Truly spectacular!! It was the pefect combination of not-too-sweet and a solid background bite of ginger. It's going to be the cocktail I'm going to attempt to perfect at home, which basically translates to "I'm going to be spending a lot of nights drunk until I get this right." But, I believe in doing my part to help the economy any way possible, and the liquor department at local grocery stores certainly could use the help. Right?We ordered an appetizer because I knew with a 3 margarita maximum they weren't kidding around with the strength of their drinks. The Tejas Trio was tortilla chips, guacamole, salsa and queso. All were good but the guac was made the way I like it (the way Robert makes it) with solid chunks of avocado and a good amount of jalapeno for that after-burner effect.
2	As far as location and overall vibe of Z'Tejas goes- it's a hit. It seems to serve alot of young, attractive people... The outdoor eating and bar is fun- and the big screen TV's are a cool... but the food and service was just a total miss for me. Unfortunately, the food just didn't have much going on. First, the cornbread is a fun idea and is a nice change to free appetizers- but it was super thick and lacked any real cornbread flavor or consistency. The Catfish Tacos were a whole lot of cabbage and not much else... i literally could not taste the meat flavor hidden under the amount of cabbage stuffed in. And sadly, the Baked Seafood Enchiladas were another miss- it appeared to be two tortillas covered in sauce and rice with two shrimp inside... i couldn't taste much else and felt i could have taken a better stab at making this meal at home myself =/ (See my pictures to get a better idea)On top of this, the service was a bit lackluster. There seemed to be a waiter and waitress simultaneously serving us- one taking the order, one getting our drinks, the other bringing out our food, the other with our check-  As confusing as this was, it was difficult for me to get my water refilled and had to flag down the waiters 2-3 times to get their attention.I'd like to add that during my stay in Phoenix i saw the hottest girls of my entire vacation at Z'Tejas(which was a plus, lol) But seriously, If you're cruising the mall and looking for a quick bite to eat- it wouldn't be a bad idea to check out Z'Tejas, just don't expect to much... i'm sure this place does it's drinks much better =)
5	I went to Z Tejas with a bunch of people (about 25) last night.  We had a great experience from start to finish.  At the beginning my lady and I were early so the waiter got us our drinks and continued to make sure we were good to go.  We wanted to wait for our friends so food wasn't necessary at this time, but the drinks were flowing and the waiter (Jeff) was very cool, friendly, and down to earth.  All of our friends showed up and we let the good times roll.  Chips and salsa, drinks, water, and the delicious cornbread, they all came very fast and it didn't take any begging on our part.  I got a chicken dish which was really good, I stuffed myself silly.  My lady got a side salad which was huge, she couldn't even finish it and she said it was really good.  Oh! and the food came fast by the way (surprising when you have 25 people.The overall vibe of the place is really cool, very trendy and fancy but reasonable prices.  Big screens everywhere, gotta love that since there were some great College FB games on last night.  Great experience, thanks Jeff & Z Tejas.
3	Great happy hour.. but in all seriousness..I truly only like the cornbread.. (which for me is on my 'no no' list).. guac and chips... (Their salsa has that smoky taste that I detest).. 3stars alone just for the strong chambord margaritas.. Yikes.. simply, its the strongest margarita Ive ever had this side of the Mexico border... ITs a cool place to hang with a group and people watch on the patio.. and to get a bit tipsy before heading in to Fashion Square.. nothing like dropping dollars while buzzed on margs! :-)
2	I was at Z Tejas with a small group, 5 people total. I was excited to go to Z Tejas because it has been about two years since I was at the original in Austin. I was a frequent flyer at Z's in Austin, it was walking distance to my brother's house and it was fantastic. This location is certainly not on my list of places to revisit. 1 - Very slow service, my water glass was empty more than it was full the whole time. Plenty of empty tables around us. 2 - 25 minutes to find out they had no Moet, no alternatives offered other than " we have good frozen margaritas". 3 - Portions are small, come on... this is a Texas restaurant. My Mom finished her whole meal and that doesn't normally happen. 4 - Food wasn't really good. Baked seafood enchiladas were more like canned tuna quality. The Santa Fe Smoked Chicken Enchiladas were meat and sauce layered on a tortilla. The Spicy Baja Shrimp Skillet had four shrimp total, yes four. The one decent dish of the night was Green Chili Barbacoa Enchiladas, it was like a chef actually prepared this dish!
4	Went here tonight in a group of 11 including 3 kids.  We didn't have reservations but scored a booth at 6:45 PM without a wait.  Wait staff was attentive.  Ordered the kids choices and appetizers/drinks.  Kids were preoccupied with the kids menu/games with crayons.  I had the million dollar margarita and my wife had the margarita with the chambord.  They didn't skimp on the alcohol!Chips and salsa were great - fresh and spicy!  I ordered pork tenderloin stuffed with chorizo with wasabi mashed potatoes and mixed veggies.  It was very, very good.  Wife had the scallop special and it tasted great too.Overall we had an extremely nice meal and I would definitely recommend it.
5	Z'Tejas is kind of what you would call a mini chain restaurant. My husband and I gave them a try the other night at Fashion Square (I had been to Tatum for drinks only) and were very pleased with our experience. The only think lacking was being seated practically on top of another couple, to the point I think we were all trying to speak much quieter than normal so as not to interrupt coversation. Our server was nice and friendly, and very prompt, and bought us a free dessert, totally out of the blue! The shrimp tostada bites we got as a starter were out of this world fantastic! Everything was piping hot, fresh, plated well, and tasted delicious! I had chorizo stuffed pork tenderloin which was cooked perfectly, and my husband had a homey, southwest style macaroni and cheese. All were great. Our favorite was dessert, the ancho fudge pie. Rich, sweet, salty, spicy, warm, chocolatey, heaven. Now, it does still have that chain restaurant vibe, but overall, we were really pleased and will be back again for sure. Good value, great food, great service.
3	I miss this restaurant so much. Their tortilla soup and jerk chicken salad speaks to my soul. I recommend trying these two items because they are delicious. While I enjoy the Scottsdale location, the Tempe one is nice too.
4	This place is convenient for lunch while shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square.....because it is in Scottsdale Fashion Square....lol....can't get more convenient than that.Seriously though....it has a nice atmosphere....you never have to wait (not so far anyway) the staff are friendly , the prices are reasonable and the food is good.Recommendations include:Grilled Cilantro Pesto Rubbed Ruby Trout - avocado, tomato relish, served with green chili rice and seasonal vegetables.Jack's Five Cheese Macaroni and Achiote Chicken - made with bleu, Jack, cheddar, parmesan and romano cheeses, finished with toasted bacon gratin.Hickory Burger - 8oz burger, house made hickory bbq sauce served with jack and cheddar cheese, onions, pickles, bacon and jalapeno mayonnaise. Seared Sesame Ahi Tuna - made with crushed blackened seasoning,  seared rare, topped with peppercorn vinaigrette, spicy soy mustard and wasabi.They also have a nice cocktail and wine selection and often have some great specials. One definite highlight is their delicious cornbread which they bring out first....an awesome warmed, moist and fluffy treat!
4	I visited this Z Tejas a couple of months ago and had a fabulous time. The downstairs was about to close, but they said no problem seating us anyway. The bartender actually served us and did a great job. When about to order something he had tried and hadn't liked he gave his input and explained why. Which I appreciate the honesty about a product he didn't feel was up to standard, saving me the time trying it. My food was hot, and tasted great. Our server didn't know how I liked my sour cream so he brought out both ways. Cold and the way the chef served it. My drink was never empty. Service was honest. Food was hot. They did great and I plan to return again.Unfortunately my second visit was less amazing, but still good.
3	This place is a lifesaver.  Whenever we go to shop at Fashion Square, I plop myself down in at one of the tables on the patio at Z-Tejas, and I'm good.  I have tried following the shoppers around, and I actually got blisters on my feet.  So I am now kind of the designated package drop off station.  I sit there and drink, and the shoppers go buy, and when they get tired, they bring the packages to me to watch, have a quick drink, and they are off again.So I sit at a table on the patio, drink my Dos Equis Amber, if they have it, or Newcastle,  if they don't,  and watch people coming and going.  I always drink the same thing, so I can't vouch for their drinks, but they seem to have a wide variety.  The food is average, but interesting. They have a variety from burgers to steaks along with their southwestern specialties. Their appetizers are great, and I have had them all at one time or another. And I love the cornbread - I eat the whole pan within five minutes.  I drive the servers crazy with the bottomless basket of chips for $4.49 - I am there for hours, so they don't make any money on that. And I know they wonder where the bags and packages keep coming from as they mysteriously appear at my table.They also have an happy hour from 3:30 to 6:30 on weekdays and 3:00 to 5:00 on weekends. If you go to Z'Tejas sit on the patio - I will be the one with the packages around me.
4	Met a friend for dinner last night at Z.  I usually get the southwestern chicken enchiladas but decided to try something new.  I got the chorizo stuffed pork tenderloin.  It had tons of flavor.  They take the tenderloin and roll it up with chorizo sausage and mozzarella cheese.  Then they have this chile cream sauce they put over it.  Just a great dish.  The chipotle salsa and chips  really good as well as you are waiting on your entree.  As usual Z made me leave a happy customer.
4	I was out shopping with two of my coworkers last week when we all commented that we'd been in Phoenix for a week without once having Mexican food!  This was the closest thing we could find to remedy that situation so we plopped ourselves and our bags down at around 6 on a Wednesday.  The place was pretty much empty inside so I was a little confused why our waiter always seemed so busy.  We had to wait quite awhile for our check, but the service wasn't so bad as to diminish the enjoyment of our meal.We ordered chips and salsa to start and I ordered the mushroom enchiladas and my friends ordered a salad and the mac & cheese.  The chips and salsa were good, we were pleasantly surprised to find out they were half price (our waiter didn't mention that they had happy hour prices on drinks or appetizers!).  My enchiladas were darn tasty, although they were so rich I almost felt like I was eating pasta.  We all left happy and stuffed - I'd definitely come back here again.
4	Always a great spot for HH on Friday afternoons on pay day!!  My gfriend and I hit up Z Tejas in Fashion Square at least once a month for a delicious margarita and the best appetizer ever, the tejas trio!  The environment is cozy and dark.   Definitely a good spot!
4	I love, love, love Z'Tejas.Z is conveniently located in Fashion Square.   You can meet up with a friend for happy hour and take care of a few errands all in one evening.  I've had lunch at Z, dinner, drinks, etc and can't remember a negative experience.  Food is consistently fresh and tasty.  Service is always friendly and prompt.  Luckily, the menu offers a wide range of options where not everything is spicy or with a Mexican flare if someone doesn't like the spice.  I like the spice!Favorite options:  Trio AppSkinny Margarita! (rox/salt)Achiote Chicken Chopped SaladChicken SandwichCan't Go Wrong!Shrimp and Guac Bites
4	Yeah, it's a chain and while not haute cuisine, we had a very good meal there.  We were there on a busy Saturday night and we had great, friendly and quick service and our food was quite good.  Not only is it a good value for the neighborhood, I thought it was downright cheap for what you get.  (It's probably roughly comparable to The Hillstone Group's Houston's or Bandera in terms of quality and service at about half the price.)  Great salads too.I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way for it, but it's a very reasonable choice if you happen to be at Fashion Square.Dinner for 2 with drinks, about fifty bucks.
3	Z Tejas is one of those places where you know what you're going to get, you have a really good idea of what it's going to cost, and you know that pretty much everyone will be able to find something that they like.I have to say, I'm a sucker for the corn bread, and their Diablo Chicken Pasta is guilt-inducingly good. The Z has a wide variety of beverages, including their supposed killer margaritas, although if I'm being honest I've never really found them dangerously strong (they'll allow you to have a mere three).  The patio is the place to be, and while I'm not a huge fan of it being underneath the parking garage, it is a great place to do some people and Lamborghini watching.
3	We popped in here for one reason and one reason only: the Tejas Trio.Don't be fooled by the simple name.  It includes fresh chips, hand-hacked guacamole, chile con queso with chorizo and salsa picante to create a winning combination of goodness.  We also received the complimentary cornbread and ordered the Catfish Beignets, both of which I really enjoyed.This is a great joint if you're looking to have a light lunch or quick bite to eat.
4	One of my best friends, Renee, has been in town for a few days & I still hadn't seen her so I knew I had to meet up w/her for dinner last night, or else I'd be the world's shittiest friend. Any way, I hate Scottsdale (no offense) so I had a lil trouble getting there & parked kinda far from the restaurant. Fashion Square is such a nice mall though, I don't think I've been there for at least 2 years!Renee & a couple of her friends were sitting on the patio outside. Since I live 25 minutes away I was way late & they were already done eating. Thankfully, they were in no hurry & sat w/me while I ordered some grub & they ordered more drinks. I decided to order 2 apps instead of an entree, I got the catfish beignets & leo's street tacos, both signature dishes. They were both so yummy, I really can't decide which one I liked better! I really wanted a marg but since I had such a long drive decided not to. I did try Amy's chambord marg though & it was delish! I hear there's a 3 drink limit w/them & I can see why-super strong!I would love to go to the Tatum & Shea location (much closer to home) & have an actual entree & a DD so I can have a tasty marg (or 3)!
5	"Z" is my number one happy hour spot!! Every time I go (and I go quite a bit), I come home a happy girl...that's what happy hour is all about right? From their chips and salsa to their MARGARITAS. One of those Chamboard Margs and I'm on cloud nine regardless of how my work week has been. Thanks Z for being my #1 HH spot for so many years.
4	This is my solid "go to" restaurant. You only need to know three things: Diablo Chicken Pasta, Corn Bread, and Margaritas. All their food is good but these are guaranteed good. Great for take out as well!
4	Love it, Love it every time I go!!!! :) They are known for their corn bread it is so good! The other food is very good too.
4	The Chambord Margaritas here should come with a warning label!  Soooo delicious, but lethal to your sobriety. In fact, the restaurant enforces a strict 2 margarita max, and for good reason!  I happened to finish a third once (handed over by a friend that couldn't handle any more), and we spent a hilarious afternoon walking off the tequila inside Fashion Square, and instigating purchases of each other that were well outside of our budget...but I digress.Z Tejas has some amazing food and drink options to suit any palate.  From apps (try their tableside guacamole or chili pork verde), to steaks and seafood (grilled miso salmon is amazing), to specialties (santa fe smoked chicken enchiladas, mmmmmmmm).  They also offer gluten free and vegetarian options!  One down side - I asked if they offered mac and cheese, and was told to order the Diablo Pasta....soooooo disappointing, and definitely NOT mac N cheese!Their hh runs from 3-6:30, so they get mixed marks for that...good that they last past 6, but I'd REALLY prefer them to offer it until 7.  Their atmosphere is pretty laid back and comfortable, while still looking classy and contemporary.  Service has also never been an issue here.This is one of my favorite happy hour locations, although I don't love that if you want to sit on the 'patio', you are actually basically sitting in a valet garage - not ideal.  I do love their queso dip, and as I stated in the beginning, the chambord margarita is to die for...so I say check this place out!!
3	Nothing strikingly good or bad about this Tex-Mex placeService is very slow - took us 1.5 hours to get our mealWe had the house pasta - "Was OK, not outstanding, not as good as an Italian restaurant"Trout salad "tasty"Stuffed pork loin "average, not alot of flavor and a small expensive meal"Corn bread was great although not alot was brought out for us to try - but comes with the meal.Mixed drinks were goodOverall and OK place and might be worth trying again, but only after trying some of the other places aroundExpensive for what you getNice surroundings
1	10 year vet here, and, this is not even close to what I remember.  Like the one in Bellevue, food, service and consistency have all hit the sewer.  Used to be a big Samoan dude there that knew exactly what we wanted from cocktail to apps even only seeing us 3-4x/yr... now it is as if we, no not loud mouthed college kids, have to pull teeth, to get simple, basic, kindness.   Prices up service and food quality down and more and more fake rolexes.... becoming p.f. chunks.
3	I've been a lover of Z'Tejas for several years now but today was blah, at best.  The only thing saving this review from 2 stars, the special of the day, lobster enchiladas!  The waitress was bothered at best, my mom was ordered an ice tea, about 2 minutes after it hit the table we noticed, no ice!  She took our order and left, she brought our check, and left.  We used my birthday coupon and she seemed annoyed! The service and food both left a bit to be desired, not as all like I remember this location in particular.  The Shea and Tatum location is better by far!
4	Attention margarita lovers- you MUST order the Chambord Margarita. Delicious (and dangerous) and oh so tasty!The restaurant is always busy because it is at Fashion Square but the service is always prompt. The patio/bar area upstairs is open seating so you can usually snag a table up there even during busy times.The cornbread they bring to your table is really yummy but sometimes you have to ask for it to make sure that they bring you some.I have had a large variety of of things on the menu and never been disappointed. The seasonal menus they offer are great as well and i definitely recommend branching out and ordering off of that menu every once in a while.Definitely our "go to" place for drinks and dinner.
4	I'm glad that living in the southwest has benefits other than excessive use of cacti in home decor. One of those benefits is the food served at Z'Tejas, and I will gladly put up with any number of hanging serapes to get my hands on Tex-Mex. This is what you need to order (no exceptions): 1. Drinks: Chambord Margarita 2. Appetizer: Cornbread (so moist!) 3. Entree: Seafood Enchiladas 4. Dessert: Berry Cobbler. You will need to take a food coma after you have successfully finished all this food. But, and trust me on this one, you will finish it because everything they serve is addictive. I would have literally licked the cobbler pan if I was not in public. Your pants will be bursting to make up for the weight that your wallet loses over the course of this meal.
4	Bloody mary bar that kicks butt!!! Beautiful waitresses too....
3	Z'Tejas is like old faithful.  I know what I'm going get, and it's usually pretty good.  The last time I was here I had the guacamole appetizer, Hickory Burger, and a Patron Margarita.  All of it was good (although not excellent), but most disappointingly, I thought the margarita was over-priced for the quantity I got.Z'Tejas isn't  my favorite restaurant in town, but the service is consistent, and it's a safe choice for dinner or Happy Hour with groups of friends with different tastes.
5	OMG...I have been going here with my famiy since I was very very young!  I love this please!  They have these shrimp dumplings that are brought out in this skillet with this amazing sauce!! OMG i love it!!  The Chambord margarita is a must here!  It is an amazing frozen margarita and they are just better and better everytime!  I am not a fish person, but their fish tacos are delicious and they are different.  My favorite item that I get almost everytime is the jerk chicken salad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Everyone should try this and they will die and go to heaven.  Then you should try the cobbler at the end!  It is sinfully delicious dessert that changes with the season but the peach and berry is my favorite!  It comes with ice cream of course...Do not forget to eat the cornbread that they bring you it is hot and moist and with the butter it is great!  You might even want to fill up on it but dont because you will miss out on dinner and dessert!  I love this place!  I always will and it has a special place in my heart!
3	When I worked at the mall, which seems like ages ago, we would always come to Z'Tejas for their amazing margaritas and chile con queso.  This time my bf and I went there for some lunch while running errands at the mall.  The food was just A-Ok...nothing amazing!  We both had appetizers and then shared a dessert.  The dessert was served extra hot which caused us to both burn our tounges....OUCH! Now for the weird part...our server was creepy!  I dont know if he was just socially awkward or just really trying hard to be friendly.  We never received the cornbread we were told was coming 3 times.  And he just tried to start up weird conversation that really didnt make any sense.  It left me feeling in a hurry to get out of there.All in all it was ok, it wont be the first place I think of to eat unless I want someplace away from the noise of the mall.
3	They have a good happy hour, even on Sundays.  However the nachos left a lot to be desired. They had little to no flavor, and there was very little cheese.  I've eaten here before and I really enjoyed that dish, but I won't doing the nachos ever again.I usually sit at the bar when I go out to eat because you always get a chance to meet interesting people. David, the bartender is a real sweetheart!!  if I wasn't 45 years old, I would have made a move on his young, cute ass!!  Oh yeah, back to the food...not a bad place for Tex-Mex!!
3	Nothing superb, but certainly nothing bland.  Z'Tejas is a quality Tex-Mex chain that rarely disappoints.  It has that bar vibe, but certainly not the Scottsdale vibe that most of the restaurants in Fashion Square seem to be going for.My girlfriend and I were in the mall late on Saturday when we realized we hadn't eaten, yet.  We decided on Z'Tejas  because the menu is filled with foods that we both like.  Then again, I don't know how anyone lives in the southwest if they don't like Tex-Mex.  She had the turkey burger, which she enjoyed.  I had the smoked chicken chile relleno.  It was just okay, certainly not close to the best I've ever had.  We also had the table side guacamole and chips.  Awesome!  I highly recommend it to anyone.  Also awesome; the corn bread Z'Tejas serves with every meal.  I could eat that all day!Z'Tejas is another spot inside Fashion Square Mall that I don't think I would ever go out of my way to eat at.  But it certainly is a place you won't go wrong with if you happen to be in the mall and looking for a good bite to eat.
3	I had seen these around before but never stopped in. Started with a drink menu and was quite happy. Good selection of Margaritas and others. The dinner menu was good as well. Drinks were excellent and food was tasty.I'll make a return trip if for nothing more than a drink. A-OK.
4	The menu is fairly diverse. Most of my friends ordered some Mexican dishes but of course, I would be the strange person to order pasta. The mojitos here were fresh, light & delicious. Average entree is around $12-15.It's only valet parking, but inside it's great for big groups. This location is right in the heart of downtown Tempe.
1	Go here if you like your food cold, your card overcharged, your waitress rude, and your customer service idiotic!My coworkers and I used to go here 3 or 4 times a month for lunch and happy hours (about 10 or so of us each time) and always had wonderful service from the bartenders. One Friday for lunch we sat at a table as it was someone's birthday. Long story short, the waitress -forgot- about our food for over 45 minutes (we were on a work break, keep in mind). The manager SAW THIS HAPPENING and did nothing because, in her words, "we looked like we were having fun so she didn't want to interrupt". Thanks Cricket (honest to God that's her name).  She then gave us giftcards (3 of them despite having a party of 10) and trotted away merrily.On top of our food being atrociously late, myself and another were charged $7 over and when bringing it up to the waitress, she cheerfully said, "it's okay you're still getting the same food!" What the eff? So with our food cold (and 3 of the orders wrong) we went back to the office and I complained on Twitter. Deborah from marketing responded to me with her email and myself and 2 coworkers sent very polite, but detailed emails expressing our displeasure. In response, Deborah found it appropriate to blame it on short staff and said she'd take us out to lunch there.It's tacky, rude, and awful customer service to send the same generic, premade email to all of us. Second, I'm not an idiot. They weren't short staffed (there was NO ONE in the restaurant), our food was CLEARLY ready on time as it was ridiculously cold when we got it. Finally, why the hell would I want to go back after I just told you how awful it was?In short, the food here is not worth the absolutely awful service. If you're at Scottsdale mall and want to eat, walk the 10 feet over to the Yard House. Their food, drinks, waitstaff, and customer service are infinitely better. Even go to Culinary Dropout, Kona Grill, or any of the 15 other places around. Don't waste your money (as they'll overcharge you) on a place like this.
3	I ate here once and swore never to come back but since it was my friend's birthday and this was where he wanted, this was where we went.We decided to do reverse Happy Hour and none of us came early to get tables to the 10 of us waited a fair amount of time to pull 3 tables together. The food was just okay, nothing special or anything. My friend ordered almost every dish that didnt contain meat off the HH menu. Food came out pretty fast. Just everything seem to contain guacamole and chips. Service was not that great. They seem to never be around and they messed up on our checks several times, and took them forever to fix.
3	I've been here before and will probably come here again.That said, tonight was not their best night as far as I'm concerned. The food was less the expected. I've eaten here before and it was much more enjoyable then this specific time. All our meals seemed...lacking. Nothing to write home about either way.Service was definitely off. The waitress herself was completely fine. We were only 3 and at the end of our meal we sat around and continued talking. They were expecting a large party and asked us if we didn't mind moving, not excited about it but definitely fine. We moved.As their large party started to arrive, they noticed they were missing some chairs. When one person from my party got up to use the restroom the waiters took the chance and snatched her chair without so much as asking the other 2 of us left at the table! Completely rude!
4	L.W. and I stopped here for a quick HH bite before a Yelp Shop Local event.  We were greeted immediately and seated in the back.  It was nice!  Our server came to greet us quickly and took our drink orders.  The drinks came quick and we placed our food order of many appetizers.  Catfish Beignets - They are catfish crusted with cornmeal and fried crisp served with jalapeno tartar sauce.  WOW, these little fried strips of heaven were so so SO GOOD!  Smoked Chicken Quesadilla - Grilled chicken with onions and green peppers, cheese, and salsa stuff.   I am not sure what but both L and I thought it was ah, ok.  Green Chile Shredded Pork Nachos - OMG... These are SO SO good.  Only minor con:  The server had to be reminded to refills our drinks.
4	Great drinks.  Fantastic staff.  We went and enjoyed but will not return b/c the food is not as good as the drinks or the service.
1	Food was not that good. the corn bread was amazing and the Tejas trio was very good,but the CHORIZO-STUFFED PORK TENDERLOIN was not that great and the price is expensive for just 3 pork tenderlions. I would not consider this place to anyone or go back every again
4	Z Tejas has always been a solid experience for me. This location has been around long before many other restaurants graced Scottsdale and they continue to have good service, a lively crowd, tasty drinks and good food. Plus, let's not forget about what they are famous for -- the chambord margaritas. It only takes two, trust me! Z Tejas recently introduced a skinny menu and although the skinny menu for food isn't that big, the skinny cocktail menu is quite tasty! I had the skinny lemonade and somehow they seemed to hide the skinny in that cocktail! It was delicious. In summary, this is a great spot to come for drinks with friends, their tasty cornbread, some queso and an entree such as their chicken sandwich with avocado!
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Z'Tejas yet since I am a regular at their happy hour! Though I work super close to the one on Mill I visit this one the most since it's located inside the mall and seems to be more lively. I have always had a great experience when I eat here, I normally start with their infamous Chambord margarita and then order lots of appetizers to share among my friends. My favs have to be the catfish beignets... Mmmmm flaky catfish and crispy batter seasoned just right, it's so yummy especially when dipped in the sauce that come along with it. I also love their Tejas trio which comes with salsa, guac and their queso dip....I'm ashamed to admit that I've eaten that as a meal by myself before, lol. The queso dip is seriously addicting, you can just keep eating and eating until it's all gone. The guac and salsa or also delicious as well. Also a must try are their shrimp avocado bites, it's like eating individual nacho bites with shrimp...delish!! Oh and I can't forget their cornbread they bring it out with every meal, it's hot and extremely tasty with the honey butter that comes with it. The only meal I haven't tried yet is brunch and I am planning on taking full advantage of the "weekend fun bar" that has build your own mimosas when I finally make it out!
4	To steal a phrase from another reviewer, definitely a solid experience. We rarely go to any sort of chain restaurant for a nice dinner and were pleasantly surprised by Z'Tejas. This one is located in Fashion Square, a beautiful and very busy part of Scottsdale. We had a couple frozen chambord margaritas...wow. Absolutely delicious and somewhat lethal! Had a wonderful server, all smiles and at our table just the right amount of times. Started with the table-side guacamole, where the server brings all the ingredients and you choose what you would like to be included. We said "Just throw it all in!" and were not disappointed. A little less "authentic" than some would like - it included cheese and jalapenos - but we thought it was tasty nonetheless. It also included a bowl of salsa that was on the good end of pretty standard. The cast iron cornbread that they start you off with is pretty drool worthy - has pieces of corn in it and is perfectly warm and moist. For dinner we ordered the Southwestern Caesar salad with Ruby Trout instead of chicken. The dressing definitely has a little kick to it. The salad was huge, definitely big enough to split between two people. The fish was well prepared, very tender and a perfect addition to the salad. It arrived tossed in the dressing and we both asked for an extra side of dressing as it was a little bit dry. Medium price range for large servings and very good food/drinks. Happy with our experience and will probably go back at some point if we have a visitor in the mood for southwestern cuisine.EDIT: Went to the Tempe location last night, split the seafood enchiladas and they were VERY good. Of course had another Chambord margarita, just as good as the last ones! And oh, that cornbread...wow.
3	Great Skinny Margarita loved chicken tortilla soup!
5	I've searched the world over for the perfect  margarita and now look no further-it's here. Aside from liquid heaven, the service is fantastic. The manager rocks too. In the rare times I've had issues with food orders, it's been taken care of far beyond expectation with personal care-so thanks and love ya, Z'Tejas!
4	In Arizona on vaction, hubby picked this spot out for lunch before a little shopping. I ordered the Jerk Chicken Salad - it packed a lot of flavor! Dressing was fabulous, chicken had a lot of kick to it, crispy tortilla strips, fresh greens. Hubby had the catfish tacos that he was excited about but didn't really  end up loving (not sure why, he didn't really complain but didn't finish his plate...) We enjoyed the chips, salsa sampler and my husband really loved the fresh cornbread.  We just grabbed a couple beers, although I wish I had tried a mixed drink. Pretty solid place, relaxing atmosphere.
2	Service is usually slow and the food is meh.
4	The Shrimp Tostada Bites and the NY Strip make this place a local favorite. They have a really happening happy hour too and are close to mega shopping opportunities.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE Their happy hour. I have only been there once to truly eat dinner and wasn't too impressed however their happy hour has never disappointed. They have HH everyday including weekends(whoohoo!) all of their appetizers are discounted to about half price plus they have amazing frozen margaritas that are sure to please any tequila lover. My favorite appetizer is the street tacos which you can get with either chicken or beef (you just have to ask) and the ahi tuna, plus they serve you cornbread in a cast iron skillet who can resist that!. Overall a great happy hour spot to meet up with friends or just have a few drinks!
3	I used to frequent Z-Tejas more frequently for meals, but hadn't been here in a while to eat. Mostly just for happy hour. Perhaps they changed the menu or maybe I just couldn't remember, but it seemed more of a "chain" menu. Nothing was jumping out at me so much. I did like how they included a 550cal or less section, and from there I went with the trout and steamed veggies. It was tasty, but I think I could make just as good at home. My husband got the....well shoot neither of us could remember. I guess that says something. The table-side guacamole and chips was pretty good, and my friends' ordered the same trout as myself, and the fish tacos. We had a round of cocktails as well. Their drink menu is impressive and I do appreciate their "skinny" cocktail options. I've gotten a few of those before. Our server was new, we could tell, but he still did a good job. All in all it was ok, but not a meal that I'd want to return to.
3	we use to come here quite a bit for their happy hour specials. it's been a while since we've eaten a full meal here, but it left me feeling a little sad. only because when you open the menu, it feels like Chilis or Applebees. it has similar layout, feel, and seemed like, food options as well. my dish was fine, but i can't remember it. my wifes trout was actually very tasty. they offer a 550 calorie or less menu and they still have those excellent chambord margaritas. but i think we may keep our z-tejas for happy hours.
4	Would definitely come back for Happy Hour.  Cute/bistro place.  The restaurant layout is pretty cool.  Tri level restaurant with two bars.  The entrance level has a bar that is seated outside with the water mist to keep you cool.  A group of us went there for dinner.  It was 6pm and we had been seated in their regular dining area of the restaurant.  We were about to order an appetizer when the waiter told us we can order off the Happy Hour menu before 630pm!  So excited we all ordered our dinners off the Happy hour menu. We ordered the trio dip chips thing (chili con queso, salsa, and guacamole).  Perfect to share with 5 people and SO DELISH!.  The Ahi seared tuna was okay.  The fish wasn't too fresh.  And the seasoning was like a sweet soy sauce.  It was weird.  I also had the blacken catfish tacos.  It reminded me of a tortilla sandwich wrap.  It came with this dip that must have been  inspired by  Asian/Southwestern infused flavor with a hint of heat/spice to it.  For $5 bucks and 4 of these mini sandwiches, I could have been full off of this.  I would order this again.   And could come back.
5	The chambord margarita is nothing less than AMAZING!!!  2 of those and I'm a HAPPY camper!!! :o)  The jerk chicken salad is my FAVORITE!!  Just SOO flavorful!!
4	The chambord margarita was a perfect mix of delicious and "get you buzzed". I forgot about the great happy hour, gotta go back more often! Food came fast, hot and fresh (especially the table-side guacamole) and Jason provided some stellar service.
4	Great place to meet friends for a bite and some drinks.  Very social atmosphere and the food is really great.  Service did not disappoint and the prices are really fair.
5	Try the Diablo pasta with shrimp,you won't be disappointed.The pepito chicken was also delish ( my wife's words, but true!)
1	The service was mediocre. It took for ever to he refills on drinks. The corn bread was the best thing there. The salmon dish in the under 550 calorie menu was decent. The pasta dish was really heavy and not delicious!
3	Location and service was great but the food mostly lacked flavor with the exception of the mini shrimp tosatadas which were amazing!
5	I had the Pecan crusted trout and It was fantastic. it have great flavor and was really moist. The corn bread was also excellent. The service was also good.
5	Awesome dinner!Arrived at 9p, which was the start of their reverse happy hour (9p-close).  They provided skillet- fired cornbread and chips w/ 3 different salsas as comped apps. Wide variety of apps, salads, and dinner choices.  I chose 2 items off the discounted happy hour menu, smoked chicken quesadilla (7 on 10 pt scale) and bartender Mike recommended fish tacos (15 on 10 pt scale!!!!).  I had more food than I could eat in 2 sittings and fish tacos were the best I've ever ordered anywhere!! Had 2 margaritas (average) which were also discounted on reverse happy hour menu.  Escaped completely full with enough leftovers for 2 meals and a total bill of $22.  Couldn't be more satisfied!Highly recommend fish tacos and Z'Tejas!!
5	Went here after a movie on a Saturday afternoon.  Take your movie stub and you will get a free appetizer.  I am not sure why we had not been here before.  It is really nice inside and was packed.  They bring you cornbread to start - were were not expecting that, so had to re-evaluate what we were going to have.  We had the trio appetizer, which was huge, so then we decided to split the steak burrito - they brought it out to us already split on separate plates - like that !  Everything was delicious, and we are now kicking ourselves as to why it has taken us 2 years to go here !
4	I love Z'Tejas and their happy hour. The chambord marg is a perfect go-to, although their drink book is filled with fresh, tasty, unique cocktails! I love their seasonal menus they put out each quarter. The Scottsdale location has an awesome patio. I haven't really sat inside as the patio is usually more happenin'. Great experience each time. Friendly staff!
3	If I am at Scottsdale Fashion Square this is my go-to place to eat, and I happen to usually end up there during happy hour!  The Raw Ahi Chipotle bites are fantastic!  But, it is not a lot of food to fill you up, so I recommend getting it half price during happy hour.  The pork nachos are good (but my favorite are at Fuego), and the street tacos hit the spot.  It is always pretty busy in here due to it being attached to the mall, and the servers always seem to deal with it in stride.  Their margaritas are fabulous and they have a great variety.  The sampler is always a good way to start if you have never been to ZTejas.  The only reason it gets 3 stars is I never seem to crave ZTejas; it is simply my go to place at the mall that has good food and a great happy hour... No complaints, it just doesn't wow me either.
3	Tex-Mex? More like Tourist-Mex. Ok, Chainy-Mex. That isn't to say everything is bad. There is always a time and place for franchised southwest cuisine, which naturally occurs after a spending spree at Fashion Show Mall (http://www.yelp.com/biz/scottsdale-fashion-square-scottsdale-2) in downtown Scottsdale. Margarita specials to drown your sorrows over your newly drained bank account? You've come to the right place.Happy Hour, Z'Tejas style, is no joke. Until about 6:30pm each day (yes, weekends are fair game but apparently end at 5pm), they have discounted food, and plenty of margarita variations to quench your lush-cious thirst. The chambord margaritas are drinks made from girly heaven, while I much prefer their regular margaritas, with lots of tequila. The half off platters of food are usually munchables and make for good finger foods while the crowd mingles away.My last go around food wise wasn't the best. The green chile enchiladas with barbacoa was bland and the meat was a bit tough to chew, but certainly overshadowed by some very dry tortillas. Not surprisingly, the smothered chicken burrito didn't fare much better, even though it was quite hearty. The bottomless chips got the most love, especially with their trio of spicy dipping sauces. Service hasn't really impressed me much in the couple of times I've been there and the seating will vary but I wouldn't advise sitting outside unless the weather is absolutely perfect. Otherwise, it can get hot and there tends to be more cars strolling by than actual subjects for people watching.
3	I haven't been to Z-Tejas' restaurant for years. My wife loves the restaurant and I must have had a bad experience at the one in Tempe. I don't remember the reason, but I've always bypass them. SInce it was three days before Christmas and it was my turn to choose a restaurant, I chose Z-Tejas because we had to return an item to Macy's. Our server, Crystal, was very polite and keep our glasses full, even checking on us every now and then to see that we were enjoying our meal. We thought about happy hour, but decided on the full menu. I had the Pepita Crusted Chicken and my wife had the Chicken Enchilada with Black Beans and no rice. My entree looked very appetizing with cilantro pesto chicken breast sliced in half and ayered with sweet potato hash, spinach, artichokes and mushrooms, served with roasted poblano sauce.  There was too many chopped carrots surrounding the entry  to give it color. But it was tasty. My wife's entree was also delicious and there was a lot of black beans which covered half of the plate.We ended the course with the Multi-berry cobbler served in a cast-iron skillet. It was really sweet and the ice cream helped by cutting the sweetness of the dessert.Now the question is will I go back. I will, but not in the near future.
3	Nice place to grab a bite for lunch.  It's located in the Fashion Square Mall.  That's the worst part about this place, the parking.  It's not an easy in/out.  So don't plan a working lunch here unless you want to deal with it.My favorite dish here is the Hickory Burger, $10.75.  It's a pretty big Burger and it comes with Steak Fries.  It will fill you up nice.It's never too busy at lunchtime and we enjoy sitting on the "patio" out in the mall....makes for great people watching.Staff is so/so....lot's of college age kids who's first job serving is here, so the service is inconsistent.Overall it's A-OK.Return Factor - 65%
1	If I had to ask for cornbread and bread pudding 4 times each, and water 5 times, after waiting an hour and half to get my orders taken, and another hour to have my entree on the table, the food better have been freaking jizz-worthy.Unfortunately, the guac was terribly blended, diablo pasta was extremely bland, pumpkin bread pudding tasted nothing like pumpkin, and cornbread had inadequate texture among other things.1 star for wasting my patience and ~5,000 calories that I could've better spent on Taco Bell.
4	Awesome appetizers!
5	We eat at both the Tatum and Shea location and the Scottsdale Fasion Square location.  The service is always friendly and the food is always very good.  It is a staple restaurant for just our family and when we are entertaining guests from out of town.  My husband and I also try to have a drink on the patio at least once a month.  Happy Hour is very good.  You won't be disappointed in this restaurant!
5	BFF and I decided to grab food last minute and Z'Tejas was close by so we stopped in to grub.  It was about 7:00 on a Friday night and the place was pretty busy.  Luckily we spotted a free table on the patio and were able to grab it right away.  Our server Alex came over almost immediately, gave us menus and took our drink orders (which was waters all around because she's pregnant and I didn't want to indulge in adult beverages in front of her haha!)When he brought us our water we told him we wanted to order the Bottomless Chips and Salsa to start with because we were starving and needed something to eat just to be able to focus on ordering real food!  He let us know that the kitchen was slammed and that it would probably take 5-7 minutes for it.  I appreciated that because while we could see it's obviously busy, it's nice when the server sets accurate expectations.  Then he either exceeded our expectations or we have a really bad sense of time passing because it seemed like 2 minutes later he was back with the chips!Moving on to the entrees...we both ordered the Hickory Burger, hers medium well with everything and sweet potato fries on the side and mine medium rare, no pickles or onions with regular fries.  To be honest I was nervous he wouldn't get it right because he didn't write it down, and while we were ordering the same burger, our orders were completely different.  To my surprise not only did the food come out correctly (My burger really was cooked to medium rare!!  That never happens!!) but it came out quickly too!  It was so delicious I would have waited for it though.  8 oz. burger, barbecue sauce, jalapeno mayonnaise, bacon and two types of cheese on a soft, fluffy bun....I'd describe it more but I fear the drool that's forming in my mouth will short circuit my keyboard so I'll leave it at that.Oh!  One last thing back to our server as well, he made sure our water glasses were never empty!  One of my pet peeves is always running out of water and never being able to find your server but Alex was always checking with us even though he was literally running around helping all his tables.  Servers at other restaurants who make excuses for poor service by saying that they're "busy" should take a lesson from this guy who provided exceptional service in a packed restaurant.
4	Its a chain, its in a mall and it was busy.  I was prepared for a pretty poor experience.  What we got instead was great food, very attentive service and a wide menu that accommodated our GF and dairy-free needs.  It was a Friday during Lent so we were confined to seafood or veggies.  My wife loved her mushroom enchiladas - probably the best dish we had.  My baked seafood enchiladas defintely gave it a run for the money though.  My son had the diablo pasta with shrimp and finished it before i got a bite.  We were there to watch an NCAA game and enjoyed it thoroughly, with a crowd of folks getting into the game with us.  Much, much better than I expected when I showed up - we'll be looking for these in the future.
3	This place is (usually) great.They've recently updated their Happy Hour menus and removed their late-night happy hour option.  Now it's 3-7 M-F and weekends 2-6.  Not bad overall, but I used to LOVE coming here for late-night happy hour.The happy hour food specials aren't too amazing.  Everything is still between $6 - $8.  The best deal is their $5 Chambord Margarita.  It packs a serious punch and is incredibly tasty.  I'd say come here for that, and that alone.Service is usually great, the food is usually pretty good, and when it's nice out, the patio is amazing.  My wife's favorite food item is the Street Tacos.  I love the Tejas Trio, but don't really like their Quesadilla, Nachos, or Tortilla Soup too much.I would recommend Z'Tejas for Happy Hour, but not really as a regular Lunch/Dinner place unfortunately.
5	our service is always great!! especially yesterday!!i couldnt decide what kind of spicy cocktail to try ( as i just LOVED the cucumber jalapeno margarita that they unfortunately took off of the menu) and our server offered to ask to see if the bartender would make it for me and he did!!! it made my night, as they are literally my favorite margarita! i greatly appreciate little things like that!being as i work in fashion square, i enjoy occasionally stopping after work with coworkers for some happy hour food or a cocktail, and i honestly really enjoy the great service and makes me feel confident that my clients i refer there for food will always be receiving to same amazing service!!
4	Whenever I am back in AZ, this is the first and sometimes the only place I will eat! Everything is good - love all the apps and margaritas!
4	Let me start by saying I absolutely LOVE happy hours! What's not to love, everything's half off and it's HAPPY hour! =) Their reverse happy hour is from 9-close and my friend and I have been going here for probably about a year now for their happy hour. We usually come here maybe once every couple weeks and we are never disappointed. For their drinks, I usually get their house margaritas for happy hour. It's better frozen but I like my margaritas on the rocks. Or sometimes I get a glass of their house wine since I've been an obsessed wine drinker. =P Their margaritas are $1 off & their wines are $2 off. As far as their happy hour food, they have a pretty big selection of items for happy hour actually. I've tried almost everything on their happy hour menu and love everything. However, my favorite is their street tacos. It comes with a side of their special avocado salsa Verde sauce. I'm not sure what's in it, but it's amazing! My friend and I will usually get like 3 sides of it! lol. Whatever I order there I ALWAYS have to get a side of this special sauce because it's so dam delicious. =) Their customer service is actually really good. Their staff is really friendly and helpful and have a lot of knowledge about the menu. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because I've never tried their dinner menu so I can't really review it. Other than that, I really do enjoy their happy hour and it's actually become one of my favorite happy hour spots. =)
5	Great service!  Love the corn bread!
5	Fantastic!  My husband and I decided to try this place out after hearing some good things, and boy am I glad we did!The hostess greeted us cheerily, and sat us on the "patio" inside the mall (as opposed to the one they also have outside) as we requested. We put in drink orders and began the task of entertaining our toddler. Our waiter came by and took our orders. He was just as upbeat as the hostess, which was nice. I will say, it took an awfully long time to get our street taco appetizer, and our dinners (Z Burger and Hickory Burger) came but a minute later. I can overlook the odd timing though. Street Tacos...great! Z Burger... (According to my husband) one of the best burgers ever. (He also added some of the 'sauce' that came with our Street Tacos)Hickory Burger...amazing!  Seriously, two bites in and I knew it was pretty much the best BBQ burger I'd had in years. My husband also got a regular margarita and said it was very good.Our daughter had some mashed potatoes...I'm not sure what was in them, but they weren't plain...she liked them well enough for a toddler. I wish I'd had room for dessert but I'd stuffed myself with my burger and just had no room left!We will absolutely be going back!
4	I come here every time I'm in Scottsdale, and I always get the same thing: smoked chicken chile rellenos. The chicken is clean and the smokey flavor is just the right intensity. The chile itself is cooked to perfection, but it still has the right amount of juice, and the delicious mix of nuts and apricots inside really takes it to the next level. Add all this together with a great cream sauce on top and you have one fantastic chile relleno. But be sure to bring a little extra green to Z'Tejas, it's a little on the pricier side but definitely worth it.
5	LOVE happy hour.  LOVE the cleanliness of the place.  LOVE the friendly servers.  LOVE the Bloody Mary bar on Sunday mornings.  LOVE.  LOVE.  LOVE.  And don't get me started on the Chambord margaritas.  Drink one.  You're welcome.
4	My sisters came to town for a visit and we explored the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall (which is an adventure in itself) and came across this restaurant.  It was a Friday afternoon around 2 p.m. and there was no wait, which isn't surprising for the off time.  The hostess was extremely nice and we had a fun conversation on the way to the table.  The catfish beignets and trio of dips were great appetizers!  If you can only pick one - go for the catfish!The flank steak my sister ordered was pretty chewy and our least favorite of the things we ordered.  The flavor was excellent, but the chewy factor killed the idea of it.  The southwest chicken that my other sister ordered was excellent.  Cooked perfectly and still juicy it was most definitely the better of the two meals.  Service was great, the food was good (knocked just a touch for the chewy steak), and the atmosphere was festive.  It's a "must-try" for any visitor or local looking for a good meal.
3	Enjoyed the outside, next to the street that goes from the parking lot to the garage, patio. Entree I ordered had very fatty steak.
4	OK, go here and get the Chicken Diablo Pasta and thank me later!!!
2	I don't get the love for Z'Tejas.Yes, its better than chains like On the Border, Chevy's, or Olive Garden but its still a chain and really nothing special. The appetizers aren't bad, but nothing on the menu blows my socks off. The atmosphere is, well what atmosphere? It's just kind of a generic restaurant. Plus the servers seem so artificially peppy that I'm tempted to ask if they are wearing the requisite amount of flair... I know, I know, they don't actually wear flair, but it has that feel.Plus, I hate it when the manager is clearly tasked with going around to every table and checking on your meal. Do it because you care, not just because its a required part of the job.Both the waiter and the manager came around numerous times during our meal and the question was always "Is everything great!" I wanted to respond that you both keep walking up at inopportune times and interrupting our conversation, so no its not great now, but I was with coworkers and decided to be his nice.That being said, with so many other good restaurants nearby, I see no reason to go back to Z'Tejas anytime soon.
3	im a true foodie so sometimes its hard for me to give anything over 3 stars, i have to visit it more than once. i was on a trip to Phoenix and i went here for happy hour. First the cornbread is simply to die for i searched for the recipe when i got home. the guacamole was okay, mine is usually better. the drinks was just okay i know they are known for their frozen margaritas but mine was  soso. did they get me where i need to be, yes but was it memeorable no. will i go back yes if im in the area and dying of hunger.
4	To be honest, there is nothing bad about this place. I like that it is located in the middle of fashion square mall, sometimes shopping after a margarita can be fun :). This place is great for a quick bite or a nice dinner. Mushroom enchiladas are amazing there!!
4	This place has yummy food and strong margaritas.  Happy hour (and reverse!) is a smashing deal in the bar and patio areas... I highly recommend designating a driver and having a couple chambord margaritas.  For food, the queso skillet is one of the most addicting cheese dips I've ever had.  The green chile pork skillet is fab and you really should blow your low-carb diet and have some of their cornbread hot out of the oven with a smear of butter.   The service is pretty quick and they are pretty accommodating with carry out containers if you can't finish the smorgasbord of appetizers and food ordered.  ;)
4	never seem disappointed at Z-tejas.  even thier brunch menu is a hit.
3	Husband and I went for reverse happy hour on a Friday at 9. We got their nachos and quesadilla which were both pretty good. They were each $5. The bartender was nice and the food came out fast. My only complaint is that they charged $2 for seltzer water/club soda. Really?!? Unless that's a norm for Arizona?
3	Solid.I'm not in love with the food, but it serves a purpose.  My hubby loves the cornbread, so we usually end up here versus Kona based on the bread alone!
3	An average experience in an average restaurant. They did handle our party of 7 adults + 2 young children graciously, but to order was to slow in delivery given the only half the place was full at mid-day on a Sunday. Most everyone felt their meal was average to good....lots of better choices within a 5 to 10 minute walk
4	Frozen fusion margaritas are awesome!! Love them! Cornbread and food is also all incredibly great here?
5	Z'Tejas is awesome! They had me at the free cornbread, which is delicious and moist...and free. There are many vegetarian options, most of which are a lot more interesting than the standard veg tex mex fare, which is a large part of why I think this chain is great. The veggie chopped salad is chock full of yummy and fresh toppings, and there is well enough protein (cheese, nuts) to be quite filling, especially with the cornbread starter. The guacamole is fresh and spot on delicious. The interior of the restaurant is really nice, especially around the holidays where they deck it out in string lights (very festive). Service is quick and friendly, parking is (as expected at this mall) a giant pain.
5	Great salsa, guacamole & queso and chips appetizer just $5 on happy hour special. Very friendly service. We'll be back.
5	Have been coming here for years. They have a great happy hour with great food and drink specials. Also staff is incredible and the manager Justin is always very attentive and really knows the menu and handles the staff and customers very professionally. Keep up the great work.
4	Had a lunch meeting here today with a group of gals. We got the back room and 2 waiters.Food was great. I had the street tacos - super yummy! The waiters were perfect. Attentive nd respectful of our meeting. Kept drinks full with minimal interruption. The menu looked tasty, I'm sure I'll take my husband back!
3	Good food but service could have been a bit better. Try the dumplings on the appetizer menu... They are the best! Also the blended margaritas are stiff so watch yourself because before you know it you will be riding a nice buzz!
3	The food was just below Okay. Just below it. I mean, I'm in the southwest, I can expect some authentic mexican fare regardless if I'm in a mall right??....Okay, so for mall food, it was above average. Prices were decent, portions were decent, service was okay. The bloody mary bar for brunch - that was unexpected and the only reason I would ever come back to this place. Brilliant idea!
4	Good service.  The manager was very helpful. Annie
2	Service was good but food was bland. Needless to say Filaburtos, is better. Food is not worth the price.
5	this place is great for happy hour i loved the chambord margarita and the tejas trio the margaritas are limited to 3 so be careful lol
2	Disappointing. My mom and I stopped by here after some late afternoon shopping, as it is located inside Scottsdale Fashion Square, and we were looking to party for our last night in town. We ordered a couple margaritas, and they were intensely sweet and too strong to enjoy. (Don't get me wrong, I enjoy getting my money's worth when I order a drink but there is a difference between a stiff drink and one that is so strong you don't want to drink it.) We ordered chips and salsa for an appetizer while we looked over the menus. Again, we were prepared to stay a while. It actually took 20 minutes for us to see our chips and salsa. The presentation was nice, and it included 3 different salsas to try. The chips were crisp and fresh. We were not offered any cornbread that other tables were getting. By the time we had finished the bowl of chips, we had not been offered any more drinks, or asked for our food orders. It wasn't very busy, so I was confused as to what was taking so long. Since I work in the industry, I think I show more patience than most, but this was just pathetic. Finally a second bartender came on and asked if we were doing okay and we asked for our bill. From the moment we sat down, we spent over an hour there, and all we had to show for it were some chips and salsa and a couple of bad drinks. It was a total mood killer for the two of us who were prepared to party and spend our money at Z'Tejas. Lesson learned!
3	The 3 stars are mostly for service which was excellent. Drinks were just ok. We had frozen peach Margarita and Long Island. We started with Chips & trio salsa which wasn't anything special and also had the crab cakes which where good. We order for the main course the burger with fries & the grilled Ruby trout salad. The burger was cooked perfect but the bun taste like dough and was kinda comparable to wonder bread just soft and tasteless, and ruined the burger. My bf took one bite and was done with it, fries were good. My salad was ok, dressing was a little sweet, and the grilled trout on top had no flavor and just tasted bland.Overall the service was the best part about having dinner here, but the food was just not good. Don't think we will be returning.
3	I haven't been to Ztejas in quite some time as I used to work here like 15 years ago. My wife was shopping at the mall so I thought I would grab my iPad catch up on the news and have a Margarita. Bellied up to the bar and was greeted by a friendly and smiling bartender asking what I would like. Ordered my favorite from years ago which is the Patron fruit infused frozen margarita. It never used to disappoint still doesn't - great drink.We were supposed to go to four peaks brewery for lunch but my shopaholic wife was gone too long so we decided to have a bite to eat here. Chips and salsa are really good. The chips are always hot and fresh here and they taste like it. It used to just come with a cup of chipotle salsa if I recall correctly but now comes out with a trio of salsa - habanero, Verde, picante. Good stuff. Whitehead the beef street tacos in any one of them and they were superb. My favorite appetizer here has always been the catfish beignets. I was really disappointed with these as they used to be served crisp and crunchy and these were served moist and almost to the point of sogginess. I literally picked one up and it broke in half by itself it was so flimsy. That was disappointing. I probably would've given four stars but because I know that was a really poor execution it went down to three. Restrooms needed to be attended to as well. Lastly, seriously ... No Wi-Fi?!?! There's a mall connection but it was weak and up having to tether to my cell phone. 2014 and in Scottsdale and no Wi-Fi just seems odd to me.
5	Been here several times for happy hour, and I love it!! I've tried some of their margaritas...and they're all good! As for the food, I've had their catfish beignets, grilled shrimp and guac tostada bites, street tacos, these dumplings...which were AMAZING!! (Thanks to our waiter's recommendation) and probably some more that I can't remember.The cornbread is amazing!!!! I would honestly eat the whole thing if I didn't remember that I actually ordered food. But yes, great food, and the waiters I had here were all so nice, making great conversation, offering suggestions, and always making sure we were taken care of.
4	Affordable delicious tex-mex in the area. We had the grilled tilapia - it was one of the best pieces of fish we've had in a while. Also had the chicken with spinach artichokes and mushroom - this was pretty good as well! Good happy hour prices and free cornbread before your meal- overall really good!
2	This restaurant is located in Scottsdale Fashion Square, and my husband and I stopped in for lunch after shopping.  He ordered the tortilla soup, and the five cheese mac n' cheese and I ordered the chef's tomato bisque and a avocado turkey burger.  The soups were fantastic and that was about it.  The only issue with the soups was that his was served about five minutes before mine-- we had to flag down our waiter to ask where mine was (it took 5 minutes to get him).  The waiter brought it out after another five minutes and did apologize, but a minute or two later, our meals were served.  The service was mediocre, and my husband's dish was a bit burnt with the cheese sticking to the plate.  My turkey was very dry and I ended up spreading the avocado around, and eating about half of it.  We never even caught the waiters name and he just dropped the check as he ran by the table.  The restaurant's ambiance was lovely, and it's too bad that the service and food was not the same.  We will not be returning.  I give it 2 stars for the ambiance, quick seating, and taste on bread and soups.
5	Fantastic. Love the food and the place is well managed. The staff is excellent and bartenders are great. They have these unique margaritas call the Shambora I think they're called and theres a reason they limit a few to a customer. I've tried most of the menu and everything has been excellent. I love very spicy food and its hard to find a place that when you ask if they can make it hotter and actually can without just throwing tons of jalepenos or crushed red pepper on everything. Really shows the talents of the chef. I highly recommend the Diablo Pasta! Dang is that frickin good!
5	What an amazing place. We have been to Z Tejas many times. Our waiter Alex gave us exceptional service. He is the reason why I'm writing this review. From start to finish it was the best service we've ever had at a restaurant. Not only was the food absolutely delicious. But we were not rushed to leave either. We usually are rushed to leaveat restaurants because of our two-year-old. Alex made us feel completely comfortable. We didn't  didn't realize it was happy hour he told us all about the specials. Reminded us of their brunch specials the next day.  It was such a wonderful experience but I had to write about it.
4	I have been here about 4 times and it's pretty good food. I don't think (so far) its good enough to pay regular prices, but I am pretty picky. I have gone most of the time during happy hour and the prices are reasonable. I love the queso dip.They have a good assortment of appetizers. I like the layout of the restaurant. It's a good place for a casual meal, to watch a game and or just to hang out.
4	This place was great. Our server he was very very awesome. I went to meet my mom and step dad to have dinner. The woman at the front was very polite and greeted. It is inside the mall also has an outside patio area to eat.I worried because it was so packed we might get slow service. Jason was very punchioual with bringing out our drinks. He recommended the frizen margaritas which was really good. They brought out corn bread which I've never really been a fan of. But surprisingly it was really good. We didn't wait long for it food, I could tell it cane out fresh. I ordered the green chili enchiladas which was great. They gave me about a spoonful of rice and like half my plate was full of blan black beans. The restrooms were very clean, I give 4 stars because it felt a little dark, the beans, and the rice.Gutentag
4	We were staying at a hotel in the area and for some reason we were told that Z'Tejas was not the best. I am so glad that we did not follow that recommendation, we ended up eating here and the food was absolutely incredible. The blackened catfish tacos were amazing and the shrimp and guac bites were absolutely incredible, those two were my favorites but honestly everything that we ordered was fantastic. The hard time margaritas were great and the ambience of the place was good with water fountains and misters on the patio that made dining on a hot evening comfortable. The wait staff was good except for our actual server who was too busy holding up the walls to take care of my family. Luckily the other servers carried her and the food more than made up for it. The only thing that kept me from 5 stars was the server, but the food is really worth 6 stars.
5	Foods recommended....tejas trio, catfish tacos, smothered chicken burrito an more. My wife and I come here often and love the food. The margaritas are real good, but real strong. Only downside is the patio. Good people watching, but it's in basically a parking garage. All in all you can't go wrong here.
3	I have been to this location before and it was much better than this time. We got a trio of dips with tortilla chips.The Guacamole was sub par. The service was slow with getting our drinks and cornbread, especially since we got there at 4:30pm and the restaurant wasn't that full. The rest of the meal was really tasty and the overall dining experience was good.
4	We stopped here for a happy hour and it was an awesome experience hence it is connected to the mall. Happy hour food was great, fast, and fresh! Beer, I don't have to talk about that... Never disappoints:-) We sat at the bar and my boyfriend was happy as he could watch the goofball game while I was writing this review. Our bartender was really friendly, exposing menu to us and helping us pick the right choices. Music could be little louder and air condition lower. We are for going to swing by next time we are at the mall!
3	The ambiance and service were great. Food was mediocre. Good for a evening with friend but no culinary delight.
5	Simply delicious food...great food and love the ambience as it is in the fashion square mall... I can't get enough of this Mexican food... Also have drink specials during happy hour time... Love it love it love it... You cannot miss this place for its fajitas...
3	Yeah I know it's a chain so wth?The cornbread (complimentary) with butter is very tasty, quesadilla app and the chips and sauce trio with melted queso is highly pleasing for your taste buds. Just saying...3 stars only because our server was kinda lazy and he just plain sucks! He was slow and never checked on us, forgot to bring us what we asked for and just plain irrelevant at this point. Nonetheless id go back to other z tejas loc for the food.
1	Came here today. Got seated by the host and never got service! After about 20 mins of servers walking by and others being served that came in after we did we decided to leave.. Maybe we smelled bad???  but still gonna give it 1 star for being seated
5	I love Z' Tejas!  They always have prompt and friendly customer service.  I also love their cornbread!  I went here for my sister's birthday on Halloween.  I tend to be a bit of a goofball, even in public, lol.  I used their candleholder as a hat, and instead of getting mad about my unconventional table manners, our server laughed with us.  The servers and staff treat you right, they don't expect you to be the overdressed over done-up folks that feel like they need to spend 3 hours getting ready in order to come to the mall.  They treat everyone the same there, even if you just worked 12 hours, and show up in your work uniform, like I did that day.  Relax, go to Z'Tejas and enjoy a drink and some food!
5	Just had dinner here tonight with my wife and we absolutely loved it! We will be repeat customers for a long time to come!!! The staff was amazing and catered to everything we needed, the atmosphere made the night feel like it was our first date again :) Then the food, it was cooked to perfection! Overall outstanding restaurant in a perfect location. See you soon!
5	One of my favorite places for happy hour in old town! My boyfriend and I come all the time. Their cornbread is to die for. Seriously it's the best corn bread in all the land (or at least this side of the Mississippi). We always split the Tejas Trio and a side southwestern Caesar salad. Service is always great and we love to sit on the patio. We tend to usually have the same server as well who recognizes us every time which is another plus. Also, their strawberry mojito deserves 5 stars on it's own. Sadly, it's not part of their happy hour menu but still freaking delicious!
