3	On my first visit to Famous Dave's (near Bass Pro) I was pleasantly surprised with the wide variety of choices.  As a fish enthusiast I pondered the BBQ choices but gravitated to the beer-battered cod to accompany a tall Sam.  The waiter commented he has the beer-battered cod sandwich every week but I chose the beer-battered cod combo in order to try sides of beans and coleslaw.  The beans were not the ordinary baked beans  out of the can but had a fancy name called Wilbur beans ("baked beans loaded with smoked pork, brisket, hot link and jalapeno peppers").  Although I added one of the mild sauces the beans were quite tasty.  The coleslaw was also not the ordinary store bought coleslaw but was called creamy coleslaw ("A zesty slaw that's pineapple sweet with a hint of horseradish"}.  Again quite tasty.  Getting back to the cod it was real fish that flaked like it should!! The cod was a generous portion and I actually received enough tartar sauce without asking for seconds.  All in all, a good choice after a long hike in the Superstitions with a stop off at Bass Pro for hiking essentials.
4	You can pig out here, and they won't squeal. How do I know? That's what their t-shirts say. But, if you don't want to feast on the pig, you have other options, too, like beef, chicken and fish. The decor is fun, especially if you're among a hard-to-please crowd that is a mix of a) those who like to try new things and b) those who like the tried and true. I'm told what makes Famous Dave's so famous is their BBQ sauce. Honestly, I wasn't impressed with any of their sauces, although it was fun for our waiter to explain each one, then draw the first letter of the sauce's name on a plate - easy for us to sample! I flipped through their beer menu and was really happy to see they have Alaskan Amber Ale on tap, as well as Sam Adams. In the bottle, they have other varieties, like Red Stripe. I have to admit, for being a franchise, this place offers up a beer selection that's hard to beat (for your Average Joe destination).  The Alaskan Amber was the highlight of my day, for it was served ice cold in a chilled glass. Perfection! It went really well with the salmon I ordered, along with one of the best cornbread muffins I've had! While I didn't finish my entree - I found the green beans to be too cold and bland and the salmon to be just "meh" - I did find delight in 3 things. 1. Alaskan Amber Ale on tap2. Cornbread Muffin2. Warm apple chutney on the sideWould I go back here? Yes, I definitely would, even if it's in Mesa RiverHell Marketplace.Famous Dave's is a sure compromise for my family. I can drink the beer. They can eat the BBQ. My dad even said he'd give this place a 5-star rating. So, in summary: This place is a family-pleaser, and I can't refuse any invitation to partake of the 3 aforementioned treats!
5	Great place! It was so good we went two nights in a row. I liked the catfish, ribs & brisket. The Rich & Sassy sauce was the best. Had to get some for the grillin' friends back home. Glad to see they're in California, too!
5	WOW!  I finally ate here for the first time Saturday night, and was impressed with my experience here.  I have been wanting to try Famous Dave's for a while now, and finally got the chance to experience some wonderful food.  I am addicted to this place!My friend Angie and I walked in on a Saturday night and were greeted immediately by the hostess.  I was also thrilled becuase there was no wait! We were seated immediately and offered drinks by the server.Mind you, I have never been here before, so the menu was new to me.  We both took the time to review it, and the waitress also explained to us how to order.  They have meals for two with lots of food, entrees that are large as well, and also smaller sized meals (which I went with) that are more BBQ sandwiches of sorts, in case you don't feel like pigging out.  I really liked how they had big "family meals" with all the fixings.  Makes me think of a place back home in MI I used to eat at with my family when I was in college.I went with the BBQ Brisket sandwich, and it was delicious!  It came with 1 side, and the roasted garlic potatoes.  Delicous!!!  YUMMY!  I devoured every morsel of it, and my friend liked her Brisket entree as well.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE how they have a HUGE selection of menu items! Chicken, brisket, beef, pork, everything a girl could dream up!Service was marvelous, and food was worth every bite. I could never get sick of this place.
4	Great chain BBQ joint. I usually get ribs or rib tips. Every 4th or 5th time the rip tips can be a little tough, but nothing major. Prices are not too bad for a BBQ joint. Since great BBQ is hard to find, it is nice to have Dave's to fall back on.
4	This place was alright, I'm not a big fan of BBQ but I can hang with this place. I like that there is a selection of sauces on your table so every bite can be a new experience. I was especially impressed with the service! The wait staff were constantly checking on us and the manager came to us and gave us coupons and a free bottle of sauce because I was just so cute, just kidding hahaha, really because it was our first time. Good promo!I'll be back whether I like BBQ or not!
3	In my quest to find the ultimate barbeque I tried Famous Dave's.  It's not the ultimate.  It's chain restaurant quality.  OK, but not great.  I hate the way they use so much sugar in all the side dishes and cornbread.  Way too sweet for me.  Dumping lots of sugar in food is a cheap and easy way to make food sell.The meats were all good, if not great.  The five different sauces were OK.If you want great babeque search for a barbeque book on Amazon and make it yourself at home.
3	Good place to take the kids... they love the gal in the pig costume walking around. Service is friendly and snappy, the food is pretty decent for BBQ. The Pork Ribs or the Jalapeno Burger are probably the best things on the menu.Nothing amazing about this chain restaurant.
4	I'm upgrading my review for the sole reason that the St Louis ribs are fabulous. I take mine naked, and I've never been disappointed...Famous Dave's isn't bad for a chain restaurant. It has all the annoying chain restaurant decor and lack of actual character (down to a poor employee dressed as a pig), but those negatives are offset by decent food and service.The pulled pork is fine, though a little dry and sometimes a burned chunk can show up on your plate. The sauces are good, with several options on your table. The corn bread muffins are fine, but the corn on the cob is typically overcooked. They do have fantastic coleslaw and great beans, so if you pick your sides carefully, you can end up with a good meal.I don't like the restaurant area (too many people, too much clutter on the walls, too noisy and too many wandering pig mascots), so I generally sit in the relative peace of the bar. It's a good option for a pre-movie dinner at Mesa Riverpoint.
5	I like FD's a lot, and particularly this location.  We generally eat in a booth in the bar, which is a bit more peaceful and private than out in the restaurant area.  Service has always been attentive and friendly.  Love the ribs, and they have particularly good sides, other than the half-ear of corn, which tastes frozen, boiled, bland, and crummy.  And Brak LOVES his corn.  The cornbread redeems however, it's excellent.  They also have great cole slaw and potato salad.  FD's registers a solid 4.75 stars on the Brak-o-meter, 1/4 star deducted for the crappy corn.
5	Had the rib tips and Georgia style chopped pork, and it was probably the most amazing BBQ meal I have had in a Looooong time.  I am a fan - a huge fan of daves even more now.  Fall of the bone goodness, and amazing sides.   They took care of us - and there was 9 of us, and we all had full drinks, and never had a want.  Worth the money spent, and will go back to this location soon.
4	So, while I'm not really a fan of chains or anything, I have to give Famous Dave's props for making what was turning out to be a birthday outing disaster a pretty damn good success! The evening was supposed to start out with a trip to BW3s in Mesa (Buffalo Wild Wings for you non midwesterners). However, due to a special event we had to make a last minute decision to head to Famous Daves. At first we were told there would be an hour wait, which was sad. No more than 5 minutes after we seated ourselves at the bar though, our table was ready!! Success!!Our server was pretty polite and I appreciated his razzing me for only having water (I had already downed 10 cocktails earlier that day) and was very good with taking our orders and the quirky ways we wanted to change things. Our food came out fast and prompt and everyone seemed very pleased with the change in venue. Some things that put them above being a typical barbecue chain?** At one point someone at the table was telling a story and the pig decided to sit down at the fireplace behind her and imitate her for about 5 minutes before she noticed. It was HILAROUS. You creeped me out at first pig, but I heart you now.** Dynamite looking sparklers on free birthday treats??? ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL. We were all jealous of that dessert. What started off as a tragedy was saved by Famous Daves. I was unable to eat my food that night as I wasn't feeling well, but I can tell you that it's pretty good reheated the next day. Yay for the mac and cheese side dish!!
3	I give this Famous Dave's 3 stars because the one nearest to where I live is better.It had been a while since I'd visited a Famous Dave's.  My daughter and her family live in Mesa and I had encouraged them to give FD's a try since it wasn't too expensive.  They had a great experience at this one as first time visitors.  The manager  gave them a coupon for free chicken wings for their next visit plus a free bottle of BBQ sauce.  That, I must admit, was very nice as the one closest to me doesn't care if you are a first-timer or not.I had forgotten just how much food ends up on your plate---way too much!   Yet one thing I do like about Famous Dave's --- they allow you to create your own combos.  I like the BBQ chicken and catfish combo.  At this Famous Dave's,  the BBQ chicken was moist but disappointingly was bland in flavor.  The catfish was spicy but dried out.  As always, the corn muffins, though on the sweet side, are moist and tasty.  The corn-on-the-cob was juicy and properly cooked.  I had  the mac and cheese.  It's good but I  think it could do without the corn in it.    My husband does like Wilbur's beans but he thinks the brisket is *meh*.For chain BBQ, I guess Dave's isn't bad.  However, if you've  had BBQ in a highly rated non-chain place, Dave's will pale in comparison.Still...service tends to be good, attentive and friendly.
3	Famous Daves sauce is what it should be called cause the bbq isjust ok. The sauces are great, my fav is the devils spit and texas pit, but the Georgia mustard is really good as well. I will say the jalopeno and corn mac n cheese and the wilbur beans are delicious. The briskit was just ok. I feel it may have been sliced a while before I ordered it so it was a little dry. Thank good for that good ol sauce they got. The chicken was again just ok. Service was good and the decor is busy and lots to look at. Three stars cause that sauce is good!
5	Famous Dave's consistently delivers no matter which location you go to. I had lunch on Sunday afternoon since I was craving some man food. I had the rib tips which includes 2 sides and a muffin  along with a diet coke for $17 plus, a little pricey but worth it.The rib tips were meaty, bountiful and delicious. I usually order double fries as my sides, which are like wedge fries and are always outstanding. The muffin was excellent as well, request one that comes right out of the oven (you will thank me later).Famous Dave's also has outstanding fried catfish if you are looking for an alternate to ribs, burgers and pork chops.
3	Some friends and I ate here Friday night. The food is pretty good at Famous Dave's, but it's far from the best. The Place is cliche family barbecue chain. You get a lot to eat for a decent price. Most meals come with two sides, corn, and a cornbread muffin. And like any family chain restaurant you have to look very deep into its massive menu to find something healthy. The best part is the sauce. Famous Dave's leaves six types on the table. All of them are good. I personally love the Devil's Spit. It's perfectly spicy, but still very flavorful. The staff was nice, but service was a little slow. In all fairness to the server, it was late and the kitchen was probably trying to clean up before we even got there.Famous Daves is a place I'd go back to if some one wants to hit it up, but I don't think I'd go out of my way to eat there again.
4	Decent BBQ at a decent price with decent portion sizes.  Probably some of the best in the immediate area.I went here Friday night with a party of 6.  The place wasn't too crowded and we were seated right away.  We got there at about 8:30ish but didn't get our food until almost 9:30.  I have no idea why they were so slow.Anyway, I love their sauces.  I also like that they put all 6 or so of them on every table.  I don't like having to ask for more or having to get up to get some like at some other places.
1	I would have given it 0, but the Web site wouldn't let me. Has anyone who has given it more than 1 star ever really eaten BBQ? This is the McDonald's of BBQ. Texture and flavor both questionable... Sysco? The fact they charge as much as they do only makes their pitiful joke that pretends to be real food that much more pathetic.
3	What I remember most of the 3 times I've been here is that it's cold. Like the AC blasts constantly at 65. I bring sweaters. Yes, plural. Sweaters.The food is tepid/lukewarm. Doesn't that constitute a health code violation? This is a 2 star review that gets bumped up to 3 because the service was that good, girlfriend.Of the 3 different times I've been here, I've always been extremely happy with the friendliness, courtesy and swiftness of their servers. Even at prime dinner time, food came out fast. I just wish it had been warm/hot.Parking was starting to become an issue thanks to the new Toby Keith bar/grill that opened.Service is good, but to be honest the food isn't that great.
3	Been there once. The Q was ok but nothing to rave about.
5	Hands down the best ribs out there.  Their variety of great sauces speak for themselves, trust me.  Oh, and I don't like mac and cheese or coleslaw at restaraunts, but upon visiting famous dave's, they recommended and even went so far as to bring out small bowls to allow me to try.  I can not believe that both of those what normally are terrible food choices, are actually really really good.  I have returned over and over again since and this is the kind of place that you can take anyone and they will walk out smiling.
3	Good consistent BBQ. The portions are hefty and the prices seem reasonable. I really like that they have so many sauces to choose from and that they have paper towels at the tables. Not much more to say, I mean, it's a chain but the food is pretty tasty.
5	I love this place! I'm a huge BBQ fan & this is the best BBQ that I've found in AZ (consistently great). I generally order the St. Louis Ribs, but I've tried just about everything on the menu... the only things that I didn't like aren't on the menu anymore (tri-tip & some citrus glazed ham). Occasionally, I stop by on my way home from work and get a pound of rib tips to go for $8.99. For those that haven't been here, Famous Dave's is a sit-down restaurant that's very accommodating for large parties/families. It can get busy, but the service is usually pretty great & they get the food out to you quickly. It's a very rustic place & most of the chairs are wooden. The walls are decorated with funny signs, memorabilia & awards. It's definitely a casual dressed place... the waiters & waitresses wear T-Shits with sayings on them like "Make sure the fingers you're licking are your own". The portions are very large for the combo meals & the 4-bone St Louis Ribs with 2 sides plus corn on the cob & cornbread for $12.99 is more than enough to fill me. If you're a vegetarian or vegan then this place isn't for you, but all you carnivores out there have found a place to call home.
5	awesome cocktails, awesome bbq, dangerously tasty food.  service was good both times as well.  would definitely return and recommend to friends.
4	big portion. ribs r really good. i'm a pork fan and i luv it.
4	mmmmmmmmmeat!When I'm in the mood to pig out, and don't want to drive all the way to Bobby Q, I head to Famous Dave's. You get a lot of BBQ bang for your buck at this place. I don't think I've ever left there without leftovers.This weekend the boyfriend and I decided we were craving some good all-american pig out food so we headed over to FDs to get our glutton on. I ordered the brisket meal and he ordered the chicken wings. Each platter comes with two sides (and corn and cornbread - told you you'd be pigging out) so I chose the mac and cheese and the fries. They changed their mac and cheese recently and I have to admit I wasn't that thrilled with it. It used to be standard, old-school mac and cheese. Now it has corn and jalapenos in it. It was okay but I like the simple stuff with BBQ. The rest of the food was great. I tried the Dr. Pepper glaze on the brisket which was good, not too sweet.We had a really nice server and the whole experience was just easy and fast - which is just what you want on a Friday night after a long, busy work week.We left there stuffed, satisfied and with a box full of leftovers for later. We'll be back!
5	Great BBQ exists in Mesa, AZ because of Famous Dave's. The service was great, and the food was even greater. I ordered the St. Louis Ribs Combo with the Georgia chopped pork. Both were delicious! For the sides, I had the beans and the mac & cheese. No complaints here. Just come with an empty stomache, so that it can be made FULL!
5	5 Stars for this Famous Dave's franchise.Worth the trip for the smokey tasting Brisket and St Louis Ribs Both the Chandler & San Village locations brisket tastes likes it steamed ... not smoked!The St Louis Ribs are always so smokey tasting and tender, even beats Haps ribs on an off day ... and I love Haps BBQ ribs. Famous Dave's is one of the better franchise's in the USA, very consistent and always a great experience. I always eat in the bar because thats how I roll, I  have never been disappointed at any location. However this particular Dave's deserves and extra star for doing a better job smoking the meats. While I live closer to San Tan, I usually drive the extra distance to get my fix hereOnly downside to Dave's is the corporate selection of beer, local microbrew's would have be visiting more often.
3	Famous DavesDinner was at the Famous Dave's located at 1011 N. Dobson Road, Mesa, Arizona. Start time was 7:00. We were a group of 13, mostly foodies.Our group was seated outside. While we did have to wait until they had a table big enough for us all, they created one reasonably fast. Our waiter was cheerful and didn't mind all the separate bills. In fact he managed to joke about them without even crying. He also managed to get the drink orders right and even brought extras for some of the party. After giving us time to explore the large menu (perhaps just a bit too much time) a second waiter showed up to take the orders. He told us that the original waiter was having computer problems. We later found out that the computer problem was that he had about 16 other checks going at the same time. One has to wonder if the management might do with hiring a few more people.I ordered the only appetizer at the table - Loaded BBQ chips. These were supposedto be homemade chips topped with bleu cheese dressing and crumbles and loaded with jalapeno bacon and tomato concassee. Unfortunately, the waiter brought out just plain chips first, and didn't return with the proper ones until the main course arrived. We passed the loaded chips around and everyone who ate them pronounced them excellent and something they would order again.For my main course I ordered their rib tip and brisket combo platter. The combo platters figure out to be the best price/value on the menu as you not only get two main courses, but you also get two sides, cornbread, and  1/2 corn on the cob as well. The rib tips were excellent - meaty, nicely cooked, with a nice smoke flavor that didn't really need any other sauce (though I did try a little of each sauce on the table for comparison). Unfortunately, I can't give the same rave review to the brisket. In all my life I have never eaten a piece of brisket like what I was served tonight. I and every one else who had the brisket agreed that it was more like processed and formed meat then real brisket. It was very dense, had little flavor, and zero fat on it. True brisket BBQ tastes nothing like what they served. No amount of any of their sauces was able to improve the meat.I enjoyed the coleslaw though one of my companions felt it was too heavy with mayo and another felt it was a bit peppery. (It is made with jalapeno in it which may have accounted for the peppery taste). I had the firecracker green beans which were flaccid, overcooked and totally lacking in flavor and/or color. The corn on the cob was water logged and tasted like it had been cooked for hours in a kettle of sugar water.Companions all felt the corn was beyond any help in this world. One companion had the chicken and pronounced it to be excellent, but again, did not care for the brisket. Another companion pronounced the broccoli to be very good, not over cooked and still green. Companion sitting next to me had the hot wings. She felt that the wings were cooked well, but the sauce was a disappointment - she would have preferred a much spicier sauce. This same companion also ordered cheese fries (not on the regular menu) and pronounced them delicious when asked about them.Several other companions had ribs - both spare ribs and short ribs and all agreed they were cooked to perfection. One of the companions had the mashed potatoes, and felt they were very good and would be ordered again. Yet another companion had the Ultimate Burger, and I must admit it was one of the biggest burgers I've ever seen. The burger was topped with pulled port, cheddar cheese, and jalapeno bacon. Even though it was cooked medium well, it was juicy and tasty. The burger was topped with a Beam and Cola sauce which seemed to make it even better. This was a true winner.All of the wait staff were friendly and fun do deal with. When mistakes were made, which is almost a guarantee with a group of this size they were promptly corrected and often removed from the bill.Desserts are a weak point of this restaurant. Then again, most people don't go to a BBQ house with the intention of eating dessert. We were the exception!In the area of cleanliness, the place seemed reasonable clean and bug free. The restroom was reasonable clean and supplied. Of note though was a puddle of water on the floor of the main dining room that no one seem to want to clean up. All it would take is for a patron to slip and the management would not have a good night.My overall rating - 3 stars our of 5 possible.Would I eat there again - yes but I'd avoid the brisket, veggies and desserts
4	Famous Dave's..... it is what it is! Simply put, if you have eaten at any of them, the food is the same... finger licking good BBQ.  Now, if you haven't eaten at Famous Dave's, what are waiting for?  Just go and enjoy the hog and fowl dishes with a selection of 6 famous sauces from Devils Spit (Hot) to sweet & zesty (Mild). Mac n cheese isn't great but you're there for BBQ!
4	The three of us ate at Famous Dave's last evening and had a really nice time! We stopped in around 5:30 or so and were seated at a booth in the bar area. It was still early, so there was plenty of seating throughout the restaurant. Our server came by a few moments after we were seated and asked about our drink order. Nice. If you have never been to a Famous Dave's, it's sort of like a Texas Roadhouse, which is a complement. I've had some really good BBQ over the years in local Roadhouses throughout the US, and clearly this chain has copied the model. We started with some onion strings and chicken tenders off the Happy Hour menu along with our drinks. Both were good, but ordinary. What made them good was Dave's sauce. At each table you have five or six choices, as well as the sauce that came from the kitchen. For dinner we order a Pulled-Pork sandwich with sides, a large BBQ Huli platter and some Texas steak tips grande nachos. Each was delicious and large enough that we couldn't finish. One observation on portions, they are large -- like two Styrofoam take home boxes large For dessert we order some $1.98 mini puddings and brownies. Just the right size for everyone after a large dinner. Fellow Yelper Scott D put it best in his 7/23/10 review: "Famous Dave's consistently delivers no matter which location you go to". Our party of three heartily agrees! The tab came to $69.49, including taxes but without tip. We thought that was fair given the serving size and the tastiness of the food. We will be back! Enjoy!
5	Famous Dave's day, free food for Dave's today...Great rid dinner the Rib-n-Rib plate a little bit of baby back and St. Lewis ribs they were both delicious.Great atmosphere, Great service (even being so busy with Dave's Day)
4	One of the things I love most about birthdays - Free Meals!!I received via email (join their PIG Email Club) a screamin coupon deal (free entree with entree purchase of equal or greater value, up to $15) for J's birthday.  Score!Moved to the bar area, due to it being too hot where we were originally seated (right next to the to-go area).  Service in both areas was good. Everything that came to the table - Chips - Its a chip mystery.  Greasy, but somehow still crisp.  We would have preferred a bowl of pickle chips instead prior to our meal. Speaking of the pickle chips - COSTCO sells them!  :D  After all the chips are gone, keep the brine!  I'll make some hard boiled eggs and pickle them in the brine.  J loves them!Texas Manhandler - According to J - "It was tasty.  The Brisket was tender, juicy and succulent.  The sausage had the right amount of snap and was well seasoned.  The addition of the Firecracker Pickles added a sweet and spicy dimension that made it an overall, highly enjoyable sandwich on some of the softest, yet robust buns.  With a little Devil's Spit BBQ Sauce, it is a must eat for the Carnivores out there."  Thanks J!  ;DSouthside Rib Tips - Huge portion! Tips were nice and meaty.  Cooked to perfection - Very tender. Ear Corn - Not "sweet corn" but field corn (as Papa would call it). I think its boiled in sugar water to give it a slightly sweet taste. Famous Fries - Nice thick cut steak/wedge style fries.  Lightly salted. Skip dipping in catsup!  But if you're a dipper, use the bbq sauces. Drunkin' Apples - LOVE! Thank gawd somewhere else other than Cracker B. makes these. Jalapeno Mac & Cheese - Awesomeeeeee!  Creamy with just a hint of a bite from the diced Jalapenos.  The corn provides a sweet and textural counterpoint to the pasta and cheese.Corn Muffins - LOVE!  It reminds me of my own cornbread.  And I hate to say it , but they're better than mine.  If I can hold out, I usually save mine and eat it for breakfast the next morning. They have little muffin cups so you can take yours home.  :)Famous Sundae - This was free and a surprise (because of J's birthday)The vanilla bean ice cream was not cloying. Ours was drizzled with delicious hot fudge and topped with whipped cream.  The whipped cream was a little much though.  If I would have known they were bringing it out, I would have asked them to go easy with the whip. The portions they give you with the dinners are huge.  My leftovers (rib tips) lasted me for 2 days.  Ask for an extra muffin cup and take home some sauce for your leftovers.
4	My 11 yr old son enjoyed his bday lunch at Famous Dave's.  We were a party of 9 and ordered two "Feast" from the menu.  Teresa our server had outstanding customer service.  The food was served on two LARGE trash lids, very fun.  We all enjoyed TASTY bbq ribs, kielbasa, chicken, brisket, corn muffins, cole slaw, and beans.  We will go back again, especially for the delicious french fries.  Plenty of food, we had leftovers for the next day:)
5	awesome BBQ. food was amazing. service was good. good place for small or big groups
3	This is one of the better Famous Dave's I've been to in the Western portion of the USA.  We miss the Famous Dave's that are throughout the South which are sooo much better than the ones out West, but this Famous Dave's is pretty good!Restaurant~ great location, easy in and out access to the 202 Hwy.  This place is huge with plenty of room to accommodate loads of people and they are very "kid friendly".  The bar is a very nice area to eat and drink with again plenty of room and seating.  It's very clean and you will have a hay day playing "eye spy" with the kiddos.Service~ better than what you would expect from a chain restaurant.  They are very quick to take your order and attentive to your drink needs.  They are not experts on what is on their menu, but then again it's a chain...Food~ A-OK BBQ especially if your taking someone that is not a fan of BBQ.  Famous Dave's trys to cater to all BBQ fans by offering a six pack of sauces to choose from on your table with flavorings from Kansas City, Texas and the Carolina's.  Their BBQ is based on the sauce and not the actual BBQ cooking.  Their ribs, brisket, and pulled pork are cooked and taste more like pot roast to me rather than BBQ.  The meat is mushy and moist because of their sauce but it has pretty good flavor.  The Texas Manhandler and their Rib Tips are very popular and a recommend.   The fries are also very popular and tasty.  I would pass on the mac-n-cheese because it tasted blah even with the added jalapeno's and corn.  This is a great place to take the family and friends.  It's a fun place to eat, the service is real good and their food is not bad.  I hope to see you there!
2	I had eaten here before and I thought I remembered liking it.  Tonight I got the brisket.  It came out almost all fat.  And the waitress was awesome in noticing that I wasn't happy and offered to bring me a lean serving.  Both tasted kind of bland.  I have to say it ranked with the worst BBQ I have had.  I really liked the corn bread and the potato salad. My other complaint is the diet pepsi tasted like soda water.
4	Went to Famous Dave's for a friend's birthday, it looked like it was a turnout of about 20 people give or take, took up the back of the restaurant, but let me tell you the staff was fast, friendly, didn't get upset about separate checks, drinks were never empty, service was prompt  and every dish ordered was correct. I have to say I was impressed by this! I have seen places fail when coming having to sever a big party.I also have to give big props to my server Miriam, on this evening I was the pushy patron, I told her that I needed to be out by 8pm and that didn't even phase her, she got my order done, gave me the check and had me done before 7:30pm. Miriam was very pleasant and came with a smile! She was part of the super team that served our party! Thank you Miriam!I ordered the southside rib tips, came with fries and jalapeno pickled red onions and hell fire pickles,  the hell fire pickles were pickles that packed heat, love it! Reminded me of the spicy dill pickles, I didn't really try the red onions, not because I don't like onions, but I had a date to go run off to and didn't want to reek of onions, hahaThe food, the service, the place was great! I do see myself coming back and enjoying some more good ole bbq!
3	Famous Dave's changed the Rib Tips. In my opinion the Rib Tips are no where near as tasty as they were before the change. That's why I am knocking down FD from 5 to 3 stars.The outer edges of the ribs are cooked too well done which dries out the ribs and makes them stringy and hard to chew plus they put so much fuego on the ribs. If I wanted hot & spicy ribs, I would have spiced it up with one of their BBQ Sauces on the table. I'm guessing Devil's Spit would probably have spiced it up for people who like it hot. The fries and all of the other sides are fabulous as usual.My sons enjoyed the pork sammiches. So there is some decent food but I don't see myself returning to Famous Dave's after about a 15 year run eating at Famous Dave's around the country.
4	Famous Dave's has been a family favorite dinner place since I moved to the Mesa Riverview area. We have enjoyed everything from a casual dinner to birthdays here. We always order the family platter, which is a massive amount of food! Their pork, brisket and ribs are the best! The cornbread is also great.For around $70, you can feed 6 people and still have food to take home! The BBQ sauces are also tasty with the chips they bring out before the food. I like the sweet and tangy sauce the best. The best part about Dave's BBQ is that they do FREE dinners for anyone named David or Dave on their anniversary. That's been a benefit for me since my dad is David and a good friend is Dave. Only thing I've ever had here that I wouldn't order again is the chocolate brownie dessert. The flavor of the brownie was off and I didn't enjoy it.Good food, fun vibe and friendly staff here. Would recommend!
1	Woe is the Phoenix Bar B Que scene!  If you love pit Bar B Que, you're outta luck.I stopped here based on an old Best In The Valley review I'd read in a physician's office.  I'll say one thing, that reviewer doesn't know Bar B Que from chopped liver!  Service, booze selection and ambience are fine but the food ain't pit Bar B Que!This chain wouldn't last a week in Kansas City or Tennessee!
4	There's a lot of work that goes into being a server at Famous Dave's, and its worth the experience. How often do you go out and get a tour of a restaurants most popular condiments with a fresh and upbeat personality? Not often. The service is upbeat, the delivery is speedy, and the experience is refreshing. Make sure to get this specific two-meat combo: Texas Beef Brisket with Beer Battered Cod, firecracker green beans and Dave's mac and cheese. You won't regret it and you won't go back to anything else. But you also won't complete your heavenly experience without at LEAST a mini serving of their Bread Pudding. Its comfort food at it's best, its filling, and its worth their low prices.
4	When we are in Arizona we always look for a Famous Dave's since everyone in the family loves BBQ.  This time we were in the area and had a late lunch/early dinner.  We took a table in the bar to keep an eye on the basketball game.  Our bartender/server was excellent - he was great with the kids, always on top of refills and seemed to know what we needed at every turn - best service we've had a in a long time! The  4 of us had the BBQ wings, the grilled chicken sandwich, pulled pork sandwich and the brisket/georgia pork plate.  The kids LOVE the mac and cheese, it has a great kick to it.  The beans were also excellent.  I love the sweet BBQ sauce, each of us had our fave.  Can't wait for the next trip to Tempe to return.
4	Great meal and especially great server named Zach. Family enjoyed everything we had (Ribs and Brisket, Pulled Pork and some to-die-for Mac and Cheese). Zach went out of his way to make sure our dinner was enjoyable and brought drink refills without needing to be asked. We don't live near this location but will drive the extra miles to support the good service.
1	At first we thought it was a good place to go for BBQ but each time we went we found something that just wasn't right.  We would mention the problem and made to feel like we didn't know what we were talking about.When the last order had more fat than meat and again the management seem not interested in replacing our order with one with meat, we have never been back and never will go there again.
4	I've been to the Famous Dave's by the Chandler Mall a few times and thought it was just ok.  I was not a fan.  However, I was very surprised that this location was way better in every way from the one I was used to.  Better food, better service, and better decor/ambiance.  I don't know how two places from the same franchise can be so different but it totally changed my opinion of the whole chain.  The food was very tasty, all of us at the table really liked our barbecue.  The server took the time to explain the different sauces to us and even drew a little design as she squirted them onto the plate.  She was on top of everything and very friendly even though the place was pretty packed.  This location has a real open feel to the dining room so it was a bit noisy but overall a fun, lively atmosphere.  I will definitely return and hope to try other locations as well.
4	Consist, good service and food. I love the Georgia Chopped Pork plate. The portions are huge and I always get two meals out of it which is awesome for the money. I know it is childish but I love their jalepeno mac and cheese! I think it is my favorite part! My brother in law says the ribs are always great but I haven't tried them yet. Love the variety of sauces. Something for everyone.
2	Not the place to go if you are the least bit of an epicurean. I ordered the bbq chicken breast which came to me so dry I would have needed to eat it in the rain. c n cheese its ok if you are three years old. In fact the Kraft Mac n cheese in a box is a step above what I had.The one good thing I can say is service was was very good, and prompt.All in all I will giver it a second shot in the future, then review again.
5	Just had the ultimate BBQ burger amazing great service all the staff very friendly
5	OMG!  You know how sometimes you run across a place that's SOOOO good that it just pushes other places like it down a Star?  Well, THIS IS THAT!!So I stopped in here for my first visit ever to a Famous Dave's.  My order was for a lunch Combo with St. Louis Style Spareribs & Country Roasted Chicken, with Wilber Beans for the included side dish.  They also give you a bowl of homemade style potato chips & a cornmeal muffin.The two ribs were big, very meaty, very tender, & possibly the best two ribs I have ever eaten...  just SUPER good!  The chicken was a big breast with the wing attached, cooked perfectly & also totally delicious!  The same for the taste of everything else...  just great!Anything else?  I'm glad you asked!     :-)The table service was terrific, and the menu price of this STELLAR FEAST is  a LOW $8.99!This place lands right up near the top on my list of favorite restaurants anywhere, ever!!     :-))
4	I have not been to a bad location yet!The food was good and service met the mark. I do have one small complaint on this trip.  Ordered the Rib/Rib combo.  The Baby Back portion was over cooked.  The ribs were crispy and charred.  But the St. Louis ribs met the mark. Also had the mac and cheese.  Nice touch with corn and jalapeno. Famous Daves remains a nice fall back when needing the quick fix for BBQ.
4	I've always heard good things about Famous Dave's, and even though I'm skeptical of chains, I was pleasantly surprised! The BBQ here is excellent; I had the brisket, which was tender and juicy. The real highlight for me were the different sauces. Each table has eight different sauces that you can add to your meat, and they really bring a whole new level of flavor out. My buddy got the full rack of ribs, and they were tasty a well. The meat comes right off the bone, and the sauces all compliment this dish as well. Minus one star for having weak drinks, but that is to be expected at a chain. A step above Lucille's BBQ at Tempe Marketplace. Check it out!
5	Like Famous Daves since I first dined at one in Utah.They don't fill you up with peanuts or bread, just yummy, slow cooked bbq.Came here on this evening to take advantage of the birthday deal they send you when you sign up on their page.  I like the St. Louis Ribs cause they're meatier and jucier than the Baby Back Ribs.  Gimme some of that Devil Spit sauce and things are all good.
4	decent place and food
3	So far, NOT so good.  Our waiter ignored us and we had to snag another who just happened to catch my eye and asked if he could help.  Hopefully the food will be worth the frustration.Well they redeimed themselves.  The food was great and our new waiter was the best!  You gotta try the banana pudding.  It rocked.
4	Staff seated us (family of five) promptly, service was great and food was excellent.
5	It is hard to find a good bbq spot in AZ. Famous Dave's make you wanna go back.I love all the different sauces they have. My favorite is the Devils spit. The baby back ribs are awesome, smoked to perfection and nice and tender.Service is always friendly and efficient here.
2	We went to the Mesa location (on Dobson) last evening and for the first time, ever.. the ribs were awful.  They were overcooked, dry and honestly very tasteless.  We didn't get there late or even during a busy time.  Just 5:30 on a Sunday evening and nothing served was what we have become accustomed to getting at Dave's.  Typically, we go to the Chandler location and we will continue that.
3	I have yet to find the perfect barbecue in Arizona. We tried Famous  Dave's thinking that it had a good reputation. A lot of the other reviews are raving about it. I don't get it! When we asked our waiter to tell us about the menu he just merely pointed out each section of the menu not recommending any particular foods, Granted she couldn't of been a day over 18 either and he was just doing as he was told. Our food was decent, our service was decent, the food tasted fine. It could've been hotter for sure (Temperature wise). I did like all the different kinds of barbecue sauce that were at the table and mixing a couple of them together made for a perfect blend. The sides all tasted good. The corn muffin that came with my meal was probably the highlight of it.... That being said next time i crave bbq i might throw a piece of chicken on the grill with sauce and call it a day. If you're ever in San Diego and want good barbecue that will knock your socks off go to Phil's BBQ! It has ruined me for life and no other barbecue compares... Sorry Famous Dave .... I really wanted to like you a lot ...
4	For our birthdays, my parents treated me and my husband out to Famous Dave's. Our waitress, Brenda, was really good and friendly and I could have sworn she'd been a waiter for a long time but she told us that it was her first week. Nevertheless, she knew the entire menu and answered my mom's questions about the garbage can platter. Let me say that the ribs are seriously meaty!!! About an inch thick from the bone. I love all the choices in the barbeque sauces. Their coleslaw is super creamy (I don't think it has onions in it, hey, not everyone can eat onions). The pork and beans were warm and not from a can. Afterwards, they brought out ice cream for us on account of our birthdays and the cool part is they bring it out with a sparkling Roman candle on the plate; it's quite a sight. Only dinged them one star for a few MINOR reasons. The platter is just too much meat. It's almost nothing BUT meat. It'd be great if they mixed it up and replaced those huge chicken breasts with more of those carrot sticks (we only got two for four people), and maybe with onion rings or mustard potato salad. The corn muffins are NOT good at all. They taste like cardboard. On a quick note, the little drawing that the waitress is forced to draw on the plate is useless. It's trivial and the plate just takes up more room on an already cramped table.
3	3.5 starsPretty good bbq for a chain restaurant. It definitely is a lot better than Rudy's. i wish they had given a little more meat (we ordered the larger family meal); my husband and his sister both said that it seemed like they give less now.
4	I've been to Famous Dave's before, but only once at this location. We decided to split the full slab of ribs, which is a great option for two people (or an insanely massive portion for one). The ribs were a little on the well-done side, but had a pleasant char-grilled flavor at the same time. The ribs had plenty of meat and were tasty as-is or with the addition of extra sauce. For sides, we tried the green beans and fries. The fries are a great choice for sampling the sauces, although we also received a complementary bowl of BBQ potato chips when we arrived, which can serve the same purpose. The green beans were good, but a little bit plain, especially in contrast to the other items. I would probably go with the corn next time instead. As a sauce aficionado, I am very pleased that I can have free reign over five huge bottles of BBQ sauce at this restaurant. I like the spicier Devil's Spit best, followed closely by the sweeter Rich & Sassy. We had a friendly waiter who drew the pig mascot in every flavor of sauce as a way to introduce us to the options.
4	Good food, but not to much on the menu, if you are dieting!
4	Famous Dave's service has always been one of my favorites.  They are always super positive and smiling ear to ear.  It looks like a fun place to work as well.  My favorite thing is the Dave's Burger or the Pulled Chicken Sandwich Memphis style!! Go on an empty stomach because the food is so filling but so so good.
1	If you're from a place known for good BBQ (in my case.. originally from Texas) and are use to good, juicy, slow cooked meats, slowly smoked using various hardwoods on an open pit, I would suggest that you DON'T GO TO DAVE'S. I moved here (AZ) from Texas 13 years ago and have yet to find a BBQ joint, that I'm thrilled with. (Joe's in Gilbert comes closest so far)I ordered the St Louis Style Spareribs and the "Texas" beef brisket. The ribs were passable but a little dry and lacking smoke flavor. The brisket was a joke !!..Not only did it lack flavor, it was sliced way too thick was also very dry and tough. It was like eating a plank of wood off my sundeck !!I should have left when I tasted the cornbread muffins..they were dry and horribly too sweet..even underneath the disgusting honey topping. I would give this place a zero (0..goose egg..nada) but a one is as low as yelp will permit..I believe.BTW..The service was excellent. My waitress was great..She can't help it if the food sux..
3	Meh. It was fine. Went here for some BBQ. Has all the standard BBQ items, but nothing really stood out to me. I don't think I'd choose to go back but I wouldn't decline to go if a friend wanted to.I'll give them credit for their sauces. I like a place with a variety of BBQ sauces. Makes it like a game of "which sauce goes best with my food."
2	We came here looking for a good bbq place.  We took some BBQ to go home a take ou order of course we did not know what to order since we had not been there before.  So we ordered a little bit of pulled pork and beef brisket, bbq chicken and wanted the mac and cheese but do not like bacon.  the coleslaw they give you with the order is so small it does not even feed one person.. the corn bread was just okay, it is better across the way @ cracker barrel...the BBQ chicken and the pork was a little dry, the brisket was tasty but I have had better...The banana pudding to go was not worth the $7.00 and was way too sweet.  Not real impressed for the take out realm and probably will not try again...we went during lunch time and the place was empty except for us.
5	We come 4 or 5 times a year but also every year on Veterans Day.   Famous Dave's is one of the greatest supporters of the Military and Military vets and treat us outstanding.  We are very grateful to the community who supports Dave's throughout the year in order to provide a free meal to vets for their service.
5	Dave's is always good!!!   Even better today cause it's free! Thank you again
1	Yukkkkkk-Oh-La. The ribs were so hard, dry and over cooked I couldn't chew them. I gave up, paid the bill and will never go back.
4	Visited 12/15/13.Still very much a fan. I always seem to get a good meal when I need a fix for BBQ. One thing I did not on last meal...Ordered Burnt Ends and Rib combo.  Unfortunately, these were not Burnt Ends. Too soft and a little fatty. It was still good, but not what I was expecting.  Really wanted that "burnt" end taste.Otherwise, will continue to come back when in the area.
3	I client call me today and wanted to take me out to lunch . . . I suggested BBQ since I hadn't had any in a while . . . and she suggested Famous Dave's.We were greeted promptly and seated quickly . . . our waitress took our drink order and returned with our drinks and to take our orders . . . I ordered the Stuffed Baked Potato with Georgia Chopped Pork . . .  and she the Meat Sampler appetizer.First, the iced tea was cloudy and tasted a little on the funky side . . . Second, the chips had a burnt taste to them and even the sauces did not make it go away . . . Third, my potato was good, but could have used more pork and the big piece of fat in the middle was not very appetizing, although my client loved hers.I have been to other Famous Dave's and have had awesome experiences . . . this one however . . . was not thing special . . . I will probably visit Famous Dave's again . . . just probably won't be this location . . .
5	Brenda our server was awesome she made the meal wonderful. She gets an A+. Brisket was excellent!
5	Every Wednesday for a few weeks now my friend and I meet up at the bar for some Wings and Drinks. We're typically greeted in a very welcoming and friendly fashion by the same bartender, who keeps us well supplied with whatever food or drink we call for. Not only that, he's exceptionally friendly without being annoying, which is a difficult balance to achieve! Definitely recommend a trip to the the bar area!
3	In my search for great BBQ this place stands out.  Not only is it tasty but it doesn't irritate my stomach.  That is a major plus in my book.  The one drawback is service.  I've ordered online and arrived at the specified pick up time 30-60 minutes later to still have to wait another 15-20 minutes.  So be advised to just go to the take out counter and order, as it will take just as long.
3	Its a chain BBQ place but if you're in town visiting you probably haven't heard of it. The wait staff is excellent, helpful and friendly. they even explain the different sauces. They have regular specials and even happy hour specials. The food is good, i haven't really had a bad thing on their menu. Its not your Texas bbq served on butcher paper but its good for AZ standards. I'd recommend the place for family or friends visiting the valley looking for a nice family restaurant, they have salads, wings, fish, chicken, ribs, brisket and a full bar. Im not sure i'd take someone who doesn't eat meat here. Go check it out i doubt you'll be disappointed. They even cater large parties and its ok to bring the kids to this place family friendly!!  Also sign up for the email club you get coupons, specials and a free meal on your birthday
5	Famous Daves knows BBQ. The problem is it's usually kind of expensive.Here's a tip: Go during their happy hour. If you do that, you'll get the same amazing food and a much better price, or dare I say it, "for cheap"? The inside of the restaurant has a bunch of junk hanging everywhere, but that's their shtick, and I dig it. The outdoor patio is nice if you have little ones as it's completely enclosed. The service was good and our waitress went above and beyond. I'll definitely be returning.
3	We like Famous Dave's. Great service. Great food. Everything we have tried we love!
5	There new happy hour specials are great!  Try the brisket or pulled port nachos or get some tasty wings with Devils Spit bbq sauce!!
5	Love this place. Service is great and on point every time. The food is excellent every visit without fail and I love seeing familiar faces when I drop by with the family. Highly recommend.
4	Food is delicious! I choose the 2 meat lunch meal and had the catfish and beef brisket with beans and it also came with corn bread. To top it off our waitress was sooo nice. She always made sure we were doing okay.
5	I was there with some friends on Friday for lunch and the food and service was fantastic. We had the chicken and rib plate and catfish. The entrees and the side dishes were all cooked just right. The waitress was attentive and cheerful. We had a great experience and will be back again.
4	I have been here three times.It is located outside of River walk shopping center and down the street from the Cubs field.  I have tried a few of their options. And I think the reason Dave's is Famous, is because they are good. The Mesa location is great. We always sit at the bar with ROCK STAR bartenders. ( Cole is great). They remember your face drink and treat you like gold. Place is clean. This past week I tried the hot wings. they were NOT Buffalo wings, they were smoky. But they were good. I will warn you NOT to get the hottest sauce. It hurts. For days. The rib dinners are good, They offer the smoky style and the saucy style. Burnt ends are a smoky treat and really great with beer. Shoestring onion rings awesome, coleslaw is my fave,  Anyhow, go here, Say hi to the bartenders and tell them they are legends. because they make good recommendations and will keep you entertained while you watch games on the numerous TVs above the bar. Try the wings, too, And GREAT Happy Hour prices...
5	I never knew I loved pickles as much as I do until I came here. You are say with a plate of chips and BBQ sauces to start and it only gets tastier after. My wife and I always split our meals because they come so big. We go with the two meat dinner and sides. I love their chicken and the brisket is really smokey and moist. I missed fried okra from when I was in Texas so I like that whenever I go. The desserts are a must... Especially if you like bread pudding.
4	Late night dinner with the hubby.  Ordered the 2 person feast and walking out with lunch for two.  This is just a ton of food. It was really good though. Love the choices of barbecue sauce!  Happy hour at 9 with 2-4-6 apps and drinks. Sat in the bar.. awesome service.
5	We always come here for business meetings ... Great locations and great food .. the servers are always fast and friendly and the food never disappoints. .. Free BBQ chips while you wait and 4 different sauces to choose from .. ALWAYS love this place !
5	Fantastic BBQ! What more can I say. The Brisket is very tender and flavorful. Chopped pork was superb. South side rib tips were great. Sauces and rub are on the spicy side but damn, this place a gem. Will definitely come back. Also, the service was great and you get a lot I food for the price. 5 star in my book
5	You get good BBQ at pretty much any Famous Dave's (corn muffins are especially good), but I'm reviewing this place solely for customer service. The staff here is amazing! Always genuinely friendly and quick. The waiter gave me his honest opinion of favorite dishes instead of trying to up-sell, and they were attentive without being overbearing. We sat near the bar and the bartender came over and helped us out when our waiter was away, talk about above and beyond! Owners/managers, you've got a great crew here!! Be proud!!
5	Famous Dave's BBQ is fantastico! I had the St. Louis Big Ribs and wowser! I will be full for the next 3 days! Delicious! I tried 3 of 5 sauces available - solid! My date is a Vegan and made the sacrifice out of love for me. She was going go get a salad but there wasn't a good vegetable variety - it was mostly lettuce. She ended up ordering 4 sides and that worked.Our server was Mike and he was super attentive and fast. This place is clean and has a, "down-home feel" that is a most happy vibe!A solid 5 stars - Happy Independence Day 'Merica!!!
5	Alejandra was our server last night and she was terrific--cheerful and engaged but not intrusive. She took great care of us. I could see her scan her tables on each trip in and out of the kitchen so she saw instantly when we needed more drinks and brought them and when the check was ready. We've always enjoyed FD's ribs but last night we tried the brisket and chopped pork sandwiches and they were delish. And we love the pickles and chips!
4	Great family ambiance. Our server Rachel was very nice and helpful. Food was fantastic!Definitely try the Texas Beef Brisket! Omgeee it was orgasmic! Super tender and juicy pieces of meat. The ultimate burger was delicious as well. The feast for one combo was huge.. My parents actually shared one and it was more than enough.Four stars just for the brisket alone lol!
5	My husband loves BBQ, & Famous Dave's is his happy place!  The staff are very polite, professional, but yet cool! They make you feel comfortable and are chatty.  The environment is both adult & family friendly, with very spacious seating indoor & out (yes, they have the water mist outside!).  I love the unique decor, with all the silly relics and even the plaid picnic table cover during lunch hours!  The food is amazing, extremely generous with proportions and tasty. I thought it was a great idea to have a slice of Texas toast under the BBQ! The sauces are also great, though I miss "Brother Jimmy's BBQ" in NYC, Famous Dave's is close enough!  Attached are the pictures of our feasts, we've only been there 2x since moving to AZ in 6 weeks!  But as you may see in my pics, is a great variety with big portion for the price.  Plus, when the kitchen sent the wrong brisquet, the manager brought us the right one really fast and let us keep the other one!  The drinks are great, very yummy may I say.  My husband & I highly recommend it!
5	Our server Cole was personable but not obtrusive!  BBQ delectable as always!   Side salad is plenty for two and the drunkin apples are  so tasty!
1	Have been coming for a couple months all the sudden they changed happy hour in always order rib tips they are always amazing when I acted confused cause they now had fries she acted put out and like I was an idiot. Tom usually waits on me and he is awesome. Next time I will make sure I ask for him. Cause they have some servers who do not live up to the famous label
5	So we left the inferior Famous Dave's and came to the great one. The service as soon as we walked in was head and shoulders above all expectations once again. Ribs, rib tips, brisket and wing piles later, we are full and happy. Cole, our server, was awesome both times he waited on us and both managers that we have met have made the experience over the top. This will definitely become our go to bbq place from now on.
4	Although it's a bit of a drive for us to hit up this location, the food makes it all worth it! The staff here is very friendly regardless of whether you get seated in the bar area, or the main portion of the restaurant. We usually opt for the 2-meat lunch option where you get to pick from a variety of different BBQ meats. I went with BBQ chicken and spare ribs on our most recent visit. The lunches come with 1 side and a cornbread muffin. The cornbread is delicious. They have 5 or 6 different sauce options on the table, so everyone can get whatever flavor BBQ they like most. I go for the Sweet Zesty sauce. By the end of the meal we are usually so full we skip out on dessert, but the options are always enticing!Overall: AA good BBQ joint with good lunch deals (mmm cornbread).
2	We worked on the 4th of July and weren't able to go to any celebrations. Came home and fell asleep until 9:30 pm and woke up hungry. Decided that we at least had to have BBQ in honor of the day. Famous Daves is nearby and we decided to try them out and see why they are so "Famous". After trying their All American Platter @ $50 ... we are still wondering......
5	My family and friends love going to Famous Dave's. I'm not the biggest barbecue fan,  but this place has won over my taste buds forever! The Brisket is absolutely delicious. Tender and flavorful.  The ribs,  Wilbur's Beans,  and the absolutely amazing, moist and fluffy cornbread muffins are the best I've ever had.  The touch of sweetness really puts them ahead of the game!The hosts and servers are always very friendly, prompt, and knowledgeable. This place can get pretty busy, but service never lacks because of it.Also, you have to sample all their BBQ Sauces. Devils Spit, Sweet and Zesty, Rich and Sassy! You just can't go wrong with any of them. You'll leave this place stuffed to the brim and wondering when you'll get to come back for more.
4	Good BBQ in dusty, dry, hot Arizona...
4	Although this store was noisy (it certainly cultivated a family-atmosphere), the food was DELICIOUS and hit the spot after a long day. When we walked into the store at 8:30pm and told our waitress that we were both tired and starving, she promptly took our order and rushed our food. We were greedily gobbling our dinner down within 20 minutes of arriving. Our waitress was extremely attentive to our needs and responded to our requests rapidly. A++ for service.
2	I have always been a huge fan of Famous Dave's but over the past couple years or so the quality seems to have declined significantly. I always get naked St Louis ribs. They used to always be fresh, we'll seasoned with the rub, tender, and perfectly cooked. The last few times they have been burnt, chewy, dry, underseasoned and just not up to par with what I've always gotten & loved at Dave's. The only problem I used to have was EVERY SINGLE TIME if I ordered a side of ranch for my fries, it wouldn't come out w the meal and it would take a long time for someone to ask if everything was OK so I could request it again. But... That was minor and even became kind of a joke to me bc I just knew to expect it every time. Last night we got take out from there for the first time. We usually dine in but my boyfriend picked it up & brought it over. I ordered my usual naked ribs and decided to go with sides of corn & broccoli. I felt like some nice fresh veggies would be good for me. The broccoli was completely inedible. It was dry and about 90% brown and wilty. I can't even believe they would send something like that out to a customer. If I didnt live so far away I certainly would've taken it back. This was just another bad experience in a long line of them for me. Sad to say bc it used to be one of my FAVORITE places to eat,  but I'll be looking for a new BBQ joint.
5	Each visit I have tried sonething else.Eat in or take out I have and give as a gift, their cornbread. Food servicelocation and atmosphere are excellent.
3	I'm a big fan of BBQ, and I'm a very forgiving BBQ fan. As long as the meat is cooked right, and you offer me an assortment of sauces, I'm sold. Somehow I've lived under a rock, and never visited a Famous Daves before. I know they are a chain, so I had higher than usual expectations for the food being consistent. I ordered the Georgia Chopped Pork, and my father had the spare ribs. We ordered Baked Beans. Potato Salad, and mac and Cheese for sides and shared. The Pork was good. It was a little dry, but I drowned it in multiple sauces, and it tasted good. The potato salad was wonderful, just the right amount of flavor without being over powering. Same with the beans, There were sizable chunks of meat mixed in with the beans and it was De-lish. The Mac and Cheese was awful, and that's saying something because I hardly meet anything with cheese I haven't loved. No only was it "spicy" with Jalapenos (which I never felt like had a place in Mac and Cheese) but the flavor was missing something. Neither myself, nor my father could place WHAT it was missing, but we left it. The service was great, even with our server with a 12 top and 6 top (that we could see) in addition to us. Very friendly, made great recommendations, and kept our drinks topped off. I'm sure I will go back, since it's so close to him, but it is a bit generic for BBQ. I think I prefer Lucilles to Daves... and that is also quite close.
5	Visited for Veterans Day  11/11/2014Excellent yearly free meals for Veterans!!  We waited about 5 minutes to be seated and received fast and friendly services. Considering that day was a busy night we received nothing but great quality meal and services. Our food was very authentic and loaded with flavors. Loved the spare ribs, endless cups of cold ice tea,corn bread, and tried out the chicken wings for the first time they were amazing. Looking forward to visiting again
4	It's all good here.  Great comfort food and enough for a second meal at home. The thick tater chips are great with the different sauces.
5	We started with the small order of nachos!!We got the pork on it... Delicious!Our kids loved it too.Kids ordered chicken fingers it includes drinks always a good deal.I ordered the lunch special- 2 item combo with a side. Got the st louis ribs and hot links. Side grilled pinapple. Yummy!!Husband ordered the pork and hot sausage. Delicious. Overall great lunch. Bill was $40 and with tip $48. Not bad for a sunday lunch.
