4	How on Earth has no one reviewed Monkee's yet?! *head explodes*Do you like trendy dresses, jeans, pretty jewelry, a boatload of Tory Burch, adorable shoes and really nice employees? Head to Monkee's. Nestled just a few stores down from the Taj-ma-Teeter, this lovely shop boasts gorgeous, high ceilings and plenty of walkin' around room.I was particularly impressed with the airy layout and the incredible selection of Tory Burch. Damn, Gina. Clothing, bags, shoes, accessories - they pretty much have it all. Beyond TB, you can find brands like DVF, Shoshanna, Karlie, Alice & Olivia, BCBG, Alice & Trixi, etc. Shoe wise, expect a nice range of price points with shoes from many of the above brands and DV by Dolce Vita, Jack Rogers, Sofft and more. Price points run roughly $30-$100 for jewelry & accessories, $120-$200 for denim, $120-$400 for dresses and $60-$300 for shoes. If you're shopping around SouthPark, Monkee's is a fab place to visit. Just be sure to bring your credit card and hope for a great sale!
4	This store was much bigger than I expected! It is well stocked with fun dresses, jeans, lovely tops...you name it. And if you thought that wasn't enough, they have a beautiful variety of jewelry and shoes. If you compare their stores, the prices at this location are slightly higher than their Davidson location. This store had a lot more inventory and variety than Davidson as well. I was quite impressed with the friendly staff. They offered great customer service and attention. Keep up the great work...as shopping at boutiques can be intimidating, but you made me feel welcomed!Every once in a while you can score a great item for an affordable price. Don't be scared to bee-line it to the sales rack. However, all reduced items are final sale. Shop wisely!
1	I used to browse in Monkee's when it was beside the starbucks in Morrocroft. I hadn't been in since they moved across the parking lot. I've purchased several pairs of shoes from Monkee's and was really happy with the customer service at the old location. I went in to browse yesterday (saturday) and was really disappointed. The girls who work at the store were pretty snotty. They didn't greet me or my sister. It wasn't busy in the store what so ever so there was no excuse. One of the girls was just starring at us as we looked at the raybans. She didn't ask if she could help us or if we liked what we saw. With so many options around southpark to shop, you'd think they would try to show some interest in their customers. I can find the same things in their store that I can find at the mall across the street or at another boutique at Phillips place. I won't be stopping back in and would recommend shoppers look elsewhere for Tory burch, raybans, and other designers.
