4	After visiting the other "record store" in Champaign, which would best be described as "weird-as-all-hell," walking into Record Swap and seeing the neatly organized LP section, which took up both walls was quite the refreshment.I manage to find something every time that I've gone here, although their prices are a little high sometimes, the price will often end up being the same as the same record + shipping on ebay.The staff are not quite friendly though, I tried to sell 2 albums to them once and simply got a price blurted out, no sort of interaction whatsoever, but I guess it's just part of the pretention that record store employees somehow always seem to have, oh well.I'm not sure about the CD section because I only breezed through it once, but for records, this place is literally the ONLY CHOICE in Champaign...check it out!
2	The guy who works there is an asshat, the past couple of times he has looked me straight in the eyes and not said "Hello" once. He came over and started yelling at me for looking through the "duplicate LP" section. I then I explained that the prices were clearly different on each copy, to which he did not reply. USE EBAY!!!
1	Drove all the way from Indy to this stinkin town and was VERY taken aback with this so-called record store.  First off, its hot as heck outside and the place has ZIP air condition, just a few ceiling fans blowing all the hot air from the outside into the store!!!!!  The 'clerk' @ R.S.had the front door wide open.Walked by the guy, never said a word to me or my wife, hi, how r u, why the fu are you here, dont you know Im 'batchelor 69' cuz I have 'A Love Supreme' by Coltrane playing on the cd player.....Okay...as for the lp's that lined the front middle and back of the store.   To 'give' credit where its due....all music catergories are properly alphabetized....but thats where it all stops!!!!   The prices?  Seems like the 'owner' injoys setting the ticketed price according to ebay prices!   Fine....but if one wants to 'move product', having 'em at such wont sell a thing!Nice if one wants 'the ego driven' idiom of having a so-called first or second run of a Cannonball Adderley disc, but @ 25 smackers....thats a rather bit too high....dont care if its on the 'original Riverside' label or not!!!!Methinks the ;owner' is fronting the place as a 'write off' for other business ventures he/she probably has!Didnt get a chance to browse the $1.00 lps 'upstairs' as previously mentioned, as it was hot as hades downstairs  Can imagine what it was like up there w/o the air.  (Stayed a total of 5 minutes in the store)Been to much MUCH betto record stores than this 'place' and really would not recommend anyone to go in unless one has plenty of $$$ to spend and coming out with not much of anything!
4	This place use to be downtown Urbana.  I drove by one day when I came back to town, and noticed they were gone.  Damn, I thought they closed down.  Driving back, I was on University and noticed they had moved.  Yay.  I have always been a fan of the Record Swap.  Before Exile opened they were one of the last independent music stores left in the area.  The owner is a little odd and reserved, but I have always found him a likable guy when he opens up.  He knows his stuff as well.Anyway, rows of used CD's, some new but not a ton of new releases.  A bunch of vinyl.  Some box sets up front.  An awesome selection, I have even found some bootlegs here I can't get anywhere else.  Vinyl is in good shape as well.  I have always been a fan.  Even though they have moved, the store has not changed one bit.
5	I love this place.  The prices beat the hell out of the internet for the most part.  Bob knows his stuff and will talk about music for as long as you are willing to. The prices do reflect not only the rarity of the title, but the condition.  They just started carrying some new vinyl too.  Because of the deep selection of inventory, I am amazed at how often that I go in looking for a specific title and "Voila" Record Swap has it.All kinds of stuff; posters, incense burners, CD's and of course, records.  I don't know if I could live in C-U without Record Swap.
5	Real nice shop. I bought a real nice first pressing Miles Davis record in great shape for a good price. The owner was real helpful to me and my brother.I have been to the shop twice and the owner was very nice and helpful both times. The dude knows his stuff.
5	Awesome store. Went there for the first time today and they have every type of LP you could imagine. The really popular records sell out fast so they might not be in Stock at the time but they will be soon because they constantly order them. Left today with bon jovi, Janis Joplin,  hall and oates and Al green. Owner was extremely helpful in helping me find the records I wanted. Love this place. It also has tons of cds, dvds, games... any media you could need. Oh there's posters too. I will definitely be visiting this store again for my record needs.
5	Record Swap is a great shop. Bob really is passionate about what he does and doesn't carry the pretentiousness that other people at certain stores in the CU area have.Arguably one of the best parts of the store is the $1 section on the second level. This section isn't just Christmas and easy listening - there's a huge varied selection of stuff from all genres. Nicer copies of certain popular/common records might be a little overpriced, but you can usually find a copy of the same record in the $1 bin on the second floor in similar if not lesser condition. In addition, the selection of new stuff is getting better. Although it's not as good as Exile's, Bob makes sure to have great stuff out.I'd definitely recommend checking the store out if you're in the CU area.
