1	When going to this office do not expect a welcome reception from the Medical Assistants that work there. They are cold, indifferent, and very aloof toward patients. The Drs are great but customer service needs improvement immensely. I agree with previous comment that professionals do not exist at this front office.
4	While I've seen Dr. Houlihan here a few times, the reason I've gone back again and again is Emily McWaters. For the first time in my life, I feel that I really have someone who listens to me and helps me solve the actual root of my medical issues instead of throwing me whatever drug the last pharmaceutical rep in the office was pushing. She's really wonderful.My one complaint about this place is the front desk staff. They are incredibly loud and will speak in full voice about your personal information to the entire room. It's so inappropriate and downright rude. The guy in the back of the room doesn't need to hear you talking about my medical history or my insurance status...
2	I have been going to this office for a few years now and I just had the worst experience there ever yesterday. I saw Susan Scott FNP-C and she is horrible.  First off she did not apologize for the hour wait I had, which I expected.  No bedside manner.  Her personality is cold and she did not smile once. I left there feeling like I was wrong for asking questions.  At least the hematologist was nice. The front office has changed as well like I read in other reviews and not for the better. I am looking for another doctor's office and if I don't find one I will never see this woman again that is for sure.
1	To say that the office staff at Estrella Mountain Medical Group is cold, unfriendly and rude is almost an understatement. When you walk in and speak to almost anyone behind the front desk they will look at you and speak to you as though you are wasting their time. On top of that, if they are running behind, they do not make an effort to let you know. My wife had an appointment there last Monday at 4pm, and at 5pm she was called back and then waited another 20 minutes to see the doctor. My wife and I have put up with it for a while, but the experience I had this week left us looking for another doctor. I went in for an appointment because I was having some pain in my throat. After signing in, I was called to the front desk to verify my insurance information. The young lady behind the desk looked like she would have rather be doing anything else than helping me. She took my insurance card, compared what was on her screen, handed it back to me and said I no longer had coverage. She told me I could pay up front or I could call the insurance company to find out what was wrong. She also told me she wouldn't call them because they are usually closed after 4pm. It was 3:50pm. I rescheduled for the next day and left. I called the insurance company at about 4:10pm and they told me my coverage was just fine.I called back the next day to tell them that everything was fine with my insurance company and I was transferred to the woman that deals with the insurance companies. I explained the situation to her and she told me that I did not inform the young lady from the day before that I had changed insurance companies. I explained to her that the change had taken place over six months ago, and that I had given her my new insurance card for my new coverage, not my old one (I threw that one away six months ago) so she should have known. I was told that I still should have said something about the change. At this point I was getting irritated and asked her if this really mattered, basically asking her if placing blame was relevant to me getting in to see the doctor today. She told me yes and I hung up on her. I didn't make this call to argue with them about who's fault this was, I made the call so that I could get in to see the doctor. But I could tell this was not her priority. She wanted to make sure that I knew this situation was my fault. And that is how it seems with all of the office staff at Estrella Mountain Medical Group. It never seems as though their patients and their needs are their main priority. And while their Doctors have always been good with my wife and I, they are not worth the trouble of having to deal with their staff.
