4	Frozen yogurt places offering do-it-yourself toppings have been all the rage over the past couple of years.  And, since the Vegas Valley is averaging daily summer temperatures of about 110 degrees, it's not a trend that's likely to end soon.Josie's Frozen Yogurt does a solid job with this frozen sweetness.  They have 8-10 flavors of frozen yogurt, including mocha, peanut butter, and vanilla.  The topping bar is fully stacked with fresh fruit, cereal and chocolate, chocolate, chocolate (there really is no point to dessert without chocolate, is there?).   And Josie's has chosen a great location -- in the center of Green Valley Ranch -- so that customers can have something cold and delicious to carry as they stroll along the  Green Valley shops.
5	Love that it has 1/3 the calories and uses all natural ingredients!!! They just put out their blueberry cheesecake and it's the best flavor!!!  It's fun to get some yogurt and walk around the district. We're there atleast once a week- were addicted!!! They also have the orange flavor which is dairy-free. The toppings are plentiful with all the usual suspects (fruit, brownies, cheesecake bits, cookies, cereal, etc.) They will let you sample anything but they have to pour it for you... they give you a pretty substantial amount in the sample so it's well worth asking to try some out.
5	This place needs to become the only option for people eating frozen yogury.  No High Fructose Corn Syrup!  No chemicals being deposited into your bloodstream in an attempt to save calories, yes, I am calling you out Nutrasweet and pals.  The flavors are diverse and are all fantastic.  They need no toppings.  We tried four or five different flavors last night and all so good, it was tough to choose.I do find it a bit disturbing that they have various candies, syrups and other crap to put on your yogurt that is made no with no HFCS and won't raise your glycemic index.  However, I guess they do have to compete with the other crappy places to go.  If you want a treat, go here!They need to expand west to California!  I keep asking the girls that work there....and they must think I am crazy.
4	I had Josie's at the district at green valley ranch and it was reallllly good! I absolutely love frozen yogurt, so my boyfriend and I decided to grab this after dinner one night. They had multiple sizes (which is pretty unusual at most yogurt places) and lots of flavors and toppings! I got the milk chocolate and island coconut flavors which were delicious - you could smell the island coconut from a mile away and the yogurts had really strong tastes considering they have no fat and few calories. They had good, fresh toppings but I noticed that some of the toppings were chopped into huge pieces (as im assuming so it weighs more and they make more $$!), so I steered clear of those toppings. However, it was decently cheap - which is also unusual at most yogurt places! I would definitely recommend this place for a good treat!
4	The yogurt is great. they even have a dark choclate calorie burning flavor which is not bad. The blueberry cheesecake and milk choclate flavors as good. What I really liked is that since it is self serve, you can mix as many flavors as you like and just pay for the weight. They have a selection of toppings to add to the yogurt...Since it was my first visit, the staff was very helpful in helping me try samples of the flavors so I could choose. Nice for a sweet treat!
1	This place is a health scam of the worst kind! What makes high fructose corn syrup unhealthy and unsuperior to "real sugar"? THE FRUCTOSE. This is why we hate HFCS and avoid it and shun it for the unhealthy substance that it is. It's curious that the general public is so gullible that they believe a substance made of 100% fructose is healthier for us than a substance that is 60% fructose/40% glucose. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystalline_fructoseThis crystalline fructose they use is still a chemical and far, far worse for you than table sugar (50% glucose, 50% fructose). "As of January 2010, the FDA has not designated crystalline fructose to be generally recognized as safe.""Any positive health benefit of crystalline fructose consumption is fueled primarily by the fact that fructose does have the same value as glucose when burned. However, fructose is processed by the body differently; fructose's causal relationship to hyperlipidemia, fatty liver disease, cirrhosis, coronary arterial disease and obesity remain a concern for public health analysts". Personally I avoid all HFCS anyways, but the idea that a product higher in fructose is better for you is nothing but a scam. Protect your health and avoid products the FDA does not recognize a safe!!
3	Not the best selection of flavors or toppings
5	Yum yum yum! Really good, no high fructose corn syrup, yogurt with splenda when you want to behave yourself, and toppings galore. Love it!
1	Their frozen yogurt is the norm for these "build your own" places that are the newest trend here in Vegas. However...the two times I've been here the clueless teens who work here start cleaning the chairs with alcohol spray all around us as we sat. My boyfriend has severe breathing problems and he almost had an asthma attack.Yummy!!  Not. We threw out our froyo the second time and have stopped recommending the place. I commend you for being clean but it is disgusting to breathe alcohol infused air while eating.
4	My wife loves this place and I have to say that I love the toppings... Not a huge fan of frozen yogurt but this place hits the spot.
5	Delicious yogurt that was better than Yogurtland. Great flavors. It's been a long time since chocolate froyo has been done right. Loved the Honeydew. Pecan pie was great! Ill be back!
3	good healthy dessert options. I'd give 4 stars if the toppings were fresher vs tasting like they've been out all day hardening
5	I've been to this place many times and I have to say they have great yogurt Staff is always kind and helpfulNot too many flavors but what they have is  amazingStrawberry all the way
3	It's a fantastic concept of creating frozen yogurt that is naturally healthier for you! Unfortunately, like most sugar substitute or sugar free treats and sweets, the end result leaves you empty.This was my lasting perception after trying Josie's in the District.  Great selection of flavors, however, after multiple visits, I felt like each one was just off from my expectation.  The great service and good prices do redeem it and its convenience in the District saves it from a 1 or 2 star rating.
1	Went in on Monday (12/8/14) afternoon - 2:30 p.m.  There was a post-it in the window that said, "back in 5 minutes."  That wouldn't have been so bad, but when the employee finally comes back, she has nothing to say.  No smile, no "thanks for waiting," no "have a nice day" as we were leaving.  Terrible customer service.  Won't be returning to Josie's.
