5	Thanks to DJ Hollywood for inviting me over to check out the food. He wanted me to taste a few things so I ordered the garlic knots, the DJ Hollywood Stromboli and a grilled chicken gyro. The marinara sauce served hot with the garlic knots had slices of tomatoes in it which added that extra bit of flavor and taste. The only thing that could have been better with the garlic knots was if it were to have some additional butter on the bread and maybe a few extra pieces of garlic. After that was finished, I tried the Stromboli that was named after the owner of the restaurant, DJ Hollywood. It has sausage, pepperoni, ground beef, ham, fresh garlic and extra cheese. It had a good amount of flavor and could easily feed two people. The chicken gyro had tender pieces of grilled chicken, wrapped in a lightly grilled pita with lettuce, tomato, onion and tzatziki sauce. I asked about delivery and they do within a few miles radius of the restaurant.
1	I was really excited to try this place, they brought flyers around our office building for the past month now.I called in an order of 2 chicken gyro lunch specials, regular gyro lunch special, & falafel pita with greek fries, & was told to pick up in 30 mins.  Reasonable time for an order that size.I got there about 15 minutes after I placed the order and the food was already packaged up ready to go.  The "waitress" had quite a difficult time ringing up my order, ended up giving me $2.00 off the order total, because she was confused about pricing?My drive back to the office was a total 8 minutes.  Weird, because the french fries in each order were so soggy & nasty, they couldn't be eaten.  Not to mention the fact I paid extra for the greek fries & didn't get greek fries.  The falafels in the pita were hard & dry, to hard to eat.  The gyros were nothing to talk about either.I really wanted this place to be good, again I was so excited to try it.  I love trying local neighborhood family eateries, but  I really don't think DJ Hollywood's will see me again.
4	Mmm mmm good! My sister and I were in the same shopping center as this place and decided to eat here. This place is a winner! She ordered two large pizza's 1 pepperoni and 1 sausage it's a special 16' pizza for $7.99 They were delicious and gushing with goodness. They are generous with the cheese and the cheese they use is yummy.The sauce was very flavorful and the sausage and pepperoni were also fresh and tasty! Very delicious pizza all around. Next time I will be trying one of their meatball Stromboli or a Gyro. Definitely check this place out it's not even a year old and you will not be disappointed! * Dine in if you can as the decor is really awesome and the walls are filled with pictures of celebrities and singers. I will be back for sure to try their other many good looking options on the menu!!!
4	I just stumbled across this hidden jewel today by accident! I saw it and decided to walk in and grab a menu to check out their offerings. The smell was irresistible, I then decided I must order something and give them a try! I had my Sister and friends with me and we were hungry so it was the perfect time to taste some of the goods! We ordered the special $7.99 for a 16' pizza with one topping, so we ordered two an Italian sausage and a pepperoni. The toppings were generous and delicious! The sauce fresh and flavorful indeed! The crust was good as well, tasty with a nice consistency for all of you crust eaters! lol The restaurant is very hip and is a very comfortable environment to dine in and eat as well. Not only can you dine in and enjoy a meal, they also provide delivery and take out. The Owner is super nice, not to mention easy on the eyes! :) The staff is Amazing and friendly and the food is great! I can't wait to get back to try one of their strombolis or a gyro or a greek platter or sandwich! So many delicious options!Check this place out!!!!! They are new have only been around approximately 6 months or so. I will be back for sure!!!
4	My boyfriend and I had dinner delivered from DJ Hollywood's and the food was amazing, great quality veggies and meat. The greek salad had the most amazing dressing with huge chunks of feta cheese in it. The gyro was huge, super fresh and the meat was very tender. I really want to check this place out in person and try some other specials.
5	Every time I go to Nubius Hookah Lounge and Smoke Shop, I always order from them.They cater to you! And I'm only next door!!I either stop by and order before I go next door to hang out with my friends, or call them when I'm there.They have it done in a good amount of time.And their stuff is fresh. Very delicious.I love their Hot wings, their rice soup, greek FRIES, their calzones. I mean every there is yummy.I love this place.
2	I used to love this place. They have a special on a large pizza that is really good. The Gyros are great. Main problem is for the last three months when we have called to place an order either for pick up or to be delivered no on answers the phone. It dosent matter if it is 1pm in the afternoon or 8pm at night. Their message machine says they are open but no one is answering the phone. FINALLY they answered the phone 4 nights ago and we got our food delivered but it was really not good. Didnt even finish my gyro cuz it was just so unappealing. Wont be going back there
3	My boyfriend brought me here, and I got the vegetarian greek dish. It came with felafel, hummus, pita bread, and rice wrapped in grape leaves. I really enjoyed it- especially the felafel. My boyfriend had a sandwich, which he enjoyed, but we didn't get to try any pizza (we were going to a movie at the Brendan Theater down the street).
4	I love going to DJs whenever I am in the area. Their food is delicious and always made fresh. I suppose the only down side is the wait is agonizing but it's worth it.
4	I so missed eating gyros when I moved here from Chicago. I would occasionally grab one at a joint up north but the prices really deterred me from enjoying a gyro more often. I found this place quite by accident and I'm very glad I did! Super yummy. The yogurt sauce is perfect on the lamb gyro. I love how the tomato is shaved thin so you get a little flavor in eat bite but aren't overwhelmed with cold tomato when you want to taste hot lamb! The best part is the prices make sense! Once again I can get a good sized gyro, fries and a drink for eight bucks. I will be eating here weekly now. Check it out!
1	Good in the past...new owner!  Ordered my usual cheese & pepperoni.  Was too thin, almost cheese less.  Was like a cheap frozen store brand pizza, not sure which is better!  Chef Darrell, Le Cordon Bleu trained, apparently not in pizza.
5	DJ Hollywood's pizza and gyros is BY FAR the best pizza in the city. We used to order papa johns until we had Hollywood's pizza. Hands down incredible!! Gyros are delicious as well!! Try the "Hollywood Special" my God... Amazing. Not to mention DJ Hollywood is awesome his mom, Dad, Claudia, the whole staff! Go NOW!
