4	I like this store, I already know where everything is, so I don't waste time.  It is on the way to my home so I can stop here and get my groceries.  For some reason, if I am home, I go to the Summit Safeway, even though they are both the same distance from my house.  I guess it is a matter of custom.
3	The Desert Ridge Albertson's may be just a minute from my door, but when I have some major grocery shopping to get done, I drive a little farther to this Safeway.  It's a much better store, with all the Safeway standards and a friendly and helpful staff, but there are still a few things I don't dig about this place.The selection feels a bit smaller than other Safeways.  I don't know if the store is smaller, or if it's just me, but I feel that there's a lack of variety at this location.  Expiration and pull dates on many items always seem to dangerously to their deadlines.  I needed sour cream during my shop on friday, all the tubs had a sell by date of Monday.  I know that means it's still good for another week or so, but I'd be more comfortable with the food if I knew I had more time with it.  This supermarket could also benefit from upgrading to self-checkout.  Some people prefer to be serviced, I prefer to get out as fast as possible.  At least open up a few more registers.  Have you ever been stuck in the grocery store purgatory where you've waited behind that person with 100 items who's blabbing away with the cashier, then someone opens another register, but your stuff is already on the conveyor belt, so the person behind you gets to cut a head?  Yes you have, and you hate it too.
3	It's a grocery store! A decent one at that. Need I say more?
5	went in yesterday for a money order staff is friendly and service is very good and as you enter employees are willing to help they don't act like they dont see you when your about to approach in need of help i would totally return here for all my shopping needs
3	I have a love and hate relationship with this grocery store. The only reason I stop here is because it's close to my house so it's convenient. They have just about everything i need and it's an average size store so it's easy to find what you need. It's also a nice benefit to have a pharmacy inside the store.My biggest gripe about this Safeway is that they always seem understaffed..there are always lines at the checkout lanes and i just find that to be a pain in the butt.Convenient Yes but my favorite grocery store ? NO...Just Ok..I am however looking forward to the Sprouts opening across the street in the summer of 2014...
5	In the Safeway Deli at Chapparal Rd. in Scottsdale is an employee named Michael Bowdin (not sure of the last name).  Michael is my private chef and I will not get my favorite sandwich at Safeway unless Michael is working!!!   Please recognize him for his excellent service and outstanding attitude!!!   joan and sumner sheff
1	Slow at the register. No self checkout lanes. Rotisserie chickens are NOT fully cooked. A lot of their products are past the expiration date and their deli is a ghost town.The only good thing about this store is they have a Starbucks!
1	There's never anybody at checkout....the employees  always seem to be in a rap session in the manager's office. Deli is a ghost town. No self check out. For some reason there's a Starbucks inside even though there's one right across the parking lot.
