3	Ok, here is the analysis of the demographics of Frozen Dessert places:2 - 12 year old boys and girl, all ethnic groups of middle income: Parents take you to Baskin and Robbins2 - 12 year old boys and girls in lower income families:You get a cone with one scoop from Rite Aid for $1, OR, you stop the guy in your neighborhood with the pushcart and bell on bicycle wheels13 - 36 year old Females on the coasts, of Asian descent: You go to Pinkberry or Red MangoOver 40 men: Go to TCBY at the mall, or bring home a gallon from SafewayArizona or California men with young kids: Take your kids to Cold Stone Creamery. This is where you get a Man sized Ice Cream. You get the big waffle cone, they take a couple of spatchula's and mix flavors for you and add ingredients, as if they were today's Julia Child making dessert, and they charge you a minimum of $5! This gives Men an excuse to pig out on Ice Cream! (Every man has pulled out a half gallon from the freezer, grabbed a soup spoon, and wolfed down a quart when nobody is looking! Ask any man!)This Cold Stone is in Terminal 4, across the hall from Flo's Shanghai. So after a little chili sauce and onions, cool off with a huge waffle cone!
1	Flight was delayed a couple of hours so I thought Cold Stone would make the wait more bearable.... boy was I wrong!  On account of a wounded foot, my boyfriend offered to get a cup for us to share.  His expression upon his return was not only of distaste, but of disgust.  I thought... oh he is just cranky and didn't get the flavor he wanted... wrong again.  One taste of the "strawberry" and "chocolate" combination made me gag... had I fallen into a vat of cold sweet -n-low?.... then stumbled into a puddle of chilled chocolate flavored baking soda?  I think so.  I hobbled myself over to the counter, and waited while the ice cream server was being rude to another customer.  When it was my turn, I asked him whether 1) this was a sugar substitute version and 2) if the chocolate was old or stale.  To which he replied 1) no they only use real sugar, and 2) no they make the chocolate fresh every morning.  I was too astonished by his reply to even ask for a refund,  I said thank you dropped the ice cream into the trash, then sadly hobbled back to my luggage.If I could give them 1/2 star I would, for being open on Sunday night.
2	Lame!Pretty deceiving, actually....  the photo of the "For Coffee Lovers Only" selection showed some good lookin' ice cream in a waffle bowl. So I ordered the "Like It" size, which was the smaller of the two. $5.89 later........Yes, that's right - - SIX DOLLARS for ONE scoop of ice cream! And NO waffle bowl - -just a cheap paper cup bowl. Ridiculous! My mouth kinda hit the floor - -good thing I had a $5 meal voucher from getting bumped on a flight. OMG!I have NEVER paid $6 for one scoop before.... airport or no airport. Maybe in NYC or London, but PHX....??? c'mon now... REALLY??And the ice cream... eh, it was not even that good.
