4	When i first saw the signs for a place called Taxco opening up this time of year, i thought it was some new business here to do my taxes. Fortunately for me, it turned out to be a nice little Mexican restaurant since i was just saying how i didn't have a go-to Mexican restaurant in the area. Upon seating we were greeted with the chips and a nicely spiced salsa. We were given two separate bowls and a thing to pour salsa for ourselves. They had what appeared to be a wide selection of food choices, but we ordered off the combo lunch menu. The #3 came with an enchilada and burrito with your choice of either rice OR beans. Since having just one or the other is not an option for us, i recommend getting the beans with your meals and then ordering a side of rice to split. (The side of rice is 15 cents cheaper than the side of beans...yes i am a cheap bastard). At least it would have been enough for us to split. Not knowing we both ordered a side. We had read the review for the Huntersville location that said the food was bland, but we thought all the food was great and we will be back.
3	Pretty good. About as good of food as Tex-Mex can be.  Sparse but clean interior. Good tasting and large but expensive top shelf margaritas  (not a bad value, but never objectively low priced).
3	We've been to Taxco three or four times now and we've never been disappointed.  The restaurant is located in a dingy strip mall and doesn't look the most appealing from the outside but the inside has an open feel with a decent-sized dining area and a small bar area and it's decked out in the usual Mexican decor.  My favorite thing about Taxco is its consistency.  We always know what kind of food and service we'll get here.  The wait staff is pleasant and the food is always fresh and tasty.  Like every Mexican restaurant they serve chips and salsa while you're waiting on your food.  The chips aren't the best quality but I always enjoy the salsa, it has just the right amount of hotness to it.  I always go with one of the enchilada meals with a beef, chicken, and cheese enchilada that comes with rice and refried beans.  Their food always hits the spot when I need a Mexican fix.
5	I'm so glad we discovered this place! The management is great and so nice. The food is great and prices are very reasonable. We have always gotten our food to go and they are extremely fast with fixing the orders! This is our new Mexican Restaurant. Much better than Miguels in my opinion!
4	I've been to Taxco several times as I work nearby. The food is very tasty and the staff is always super friendly. The food comes out fast and is reasonably priced, especially the lunch specials.
4	Tacos, tacos, sweet tacos! Thats all Ive eaten here and they kick butt!
3	It's not the best Mexican restaurant I've been to but we don't have a whole lot of selection in Belmont... So it will do in a pinch if that's really what you want... Provided you don't feel like driving to Charlotte (or to Gastonia - Tequila's is good). They have your standard American/Mexican fare and a few specialties. Enchiladas, tacos, pollo con chorizo and of course chips and salsa. The prices are reasonable for what you get. The decor is lacking and the strip mall location is less than desirable. Again, it will do in a pinch but the bar is set pretty low around here.
4	I was pleasantly surprised given the location.  The service was excellent and the salad ingredients were fresh and crisp.  The food was plentiful and well prepared.  We ate here twice the week we were staying in the area and will go again if we return.
5	Taxco is amazing. You wouldn't know it from looking at the shopping center it is in with an Aldi, Fred's, and Dollar Tree, but the food is great. The servers are very polite and keep your drinks filled. Speaking of drinks, the specials are amazing. You have to come in for their draft specials. Although they don't have much on draft, they have some great Mexican beers. If you want Mexican in Belmont, this is the place to go.
3	Staff friendly and attentive.  Salsa was very watery .  I couldn't find any evidence that it was made from tomatoes except that it was red.  Both of our entrees were flavorful.  We will go back.
5	This is my all time favorite Mexican restaurant!! They now know us and bring us our drinks without ordering :) They are always so friendly and willing to help. If you don't know what you want they will help with that as well. Oh and don't let me forget there delicious margaritas!!! Had many different kinds and don't think you can go wrong with any of them.If you are looking for good Mexican food you have found the place!
4	Food was awesome. Only bad thing was our fault, we got food to go!  I would have much rather eaten this food at the restaurant so it maintained its freshness!  Flavor was great on everything. We will definitely be going back and making this a regular spot. Forgot to mention the happy hour specials are awesome too!!!!!!
4	The go to local place for cantina cuisine. Attentive wait staff, clean environment, never  a bad experience!
5	Another awesome visit without friends at Taxco. Chicken Quesadilla with a side of rice. Shredded chicken with a scoop of white cheese sauce.
5	My new favorite authentic Mexican restaurant!!!!  I wish we could take it back to MADISON, WI when we return.  The flavors were wonderful!  Everything was fresh'. Everyone at the table was happy!
3	The food was OK. Wish my waiter English was better so I would not have to keep repeating myself. I've eaten here twice. Probably won't go back if craving Mexican food. Didn't like the atmosphere inside.
3	Good food, good portions, good price. Standard Mexican fare, this is a place you go when you are hungry but not spendy. Friendly service, clean restaurant. Nothing fancy, just good.
