4	I searched the CND website looking for a place close by that offered Shellac products (the newest no-chip nail polish) and I'm so glad Marie was the closest, she's so sweet! My manicure lasted 3 weeks before I had to trim my nails and only because they got so long I couldn't do anything. I just went in to see her again today and I got a Shellac pedicure this time. My toenails are now a summer-y coral color and super shiny. I like Marie because she's efficient and keeps good relationships with her clients. I needed to get in this week so I left her a message on Friday and she called me on Monday because she had a cancellation and was able to squeeze me in. I had only been to her once before! She's personable and is plain good at customer service. The charge is more than reasonable, my nails look great and I know the look will last.I'm moving to Scottsdale from central Phoenix soon and I think I will continue to visit Marie when I need some Shellac!
5	I don't want to sound like I am repeating what everyone else said, but I agree! I had my nails done by Marie and they turned out FAB. It was my first time with the Shellac and I used it on my nails and toes and it lasted through the holiday and into January. I am going to get my nails re-done tomorrow, but my toes might last me another 2 months since it's winter and they aren't even allowed to see the light of day!Marie is efficient and kind. My son didn't want to be away from me that morning, so she welcomed him in her tiny room and we made it work. She's so patient and wonderful with all my questions and eager to share her knowledge and her craft. I highly recommend Marie.One note!  She only takes cash/checks, so don't leave home without them! :-)
5	I am a new convert to the CND Shellac manicure, and I used the CND manufacturer website to find out who in my area did this kind of manicure. I was impressed with Marie's website, in that she seemed to be both a credible technician and a creative artist. Her pricing was competitive and her location convenient. Best of all, when I called on Friday morning hoping for a same-day appointment, she was able to fit me in. She had a nice array of colors on offer, and she was very professional and friendly. I really enjoyed talking to Marie! I have only just begun taking care of my nails (trying to break the biting habit) but she was gracious and complimentary about my nails. She paid careful attention to her work and happily explained anything I asked about, but she also made natural and friendly conversation. She even tossed in a sample of cuticle oil for me, knowing that I was a nail newbie and wanting to help me stop biting my naIls. I felt comfortable and welcome the whole time. My nails look GREAT and I look forward to seeing Marie again!
