4	I came here once and was hooked!! definitely one of the best vegetarian place i've been to so far.  the food was delicious but is wayyy over priced.  too bad i'm not in Mtl anymore or else it would be my regular hang out place.  :(4 star for the pricey dishes..
4	Mock meat with all the flavour, texture and asian spices you could expect from a regular thai resto. As a vegetarian, you can go here and order ANYTHING off the menu. It's a real treat, if you are used to just the tofu section at the asian places.  Peanut chicken is one of my faves. You can order off the menu or they will heat up some of items in the deli case. I don't remember the price difference between the two, but whatever is cheaper- go with that one.
4	Have visited both the restaurant and the express establishments. The restaurant was a little crowded and the personal space around your table was virtually non-existent. Seems that their popularity has meant they have tried to add in as many tables as possible. The express side is great, a little pricey for what is it but nevertheless, the food is wonderful. The seaweed, peanut chicken, sweet and sour, oh! and the STICKY RICE is simply the best.
4	My girlfriend is vegetarian and half of the restaurants in Montreal are french bistros which serve only meat entrees, so we were happy to find out about this place.  We went without knowing exactly what to expect.  We ordered shrimp in peanut sauce, curry chicken and vegetarian duck larb.  The texture and flavor of everything was phenomenal.  I can't decide what I liked more -- the fried tofu they used to make the duck was crispy and oily, and even when larb is made with meat, the flavor comes from the intense heat and tanginess of the dressing, which is how it was.  However, I was most impressed with the seitan mock-chicken curry.  I thought it could have been real chicken with the first few bites, and the curry was delicious.  The only problem is that the seitan flavor comes out after a few chews.  My girlfriend really liked the mock shrimp.  The texture was interesting, and it was a little too smooth and soft to fool me, but she hadn't eaten shrimp in years.  The sauce was delicious, though.We got some somewhat bland noodles to go.  I also wish that the portions were a little bigger, though the prices were definitely reasonable, especially given the exchange rate.
5	Hate killing animals but couldn't resist the smell of succulent meat? You know who you are. At Chu Chai, there is no shame in trying because all the meats are completely vegetarian made from soy protein. The spicy duck with basil was excellent but the red/panang curry beef was to die for! The texture was so tender and succulent, I almost forgot it was vegetarian. The curry was well balanced, not overly spicy or oily. Simply delicious! You also have to try Lily's highly rated (by chefs) appetizer but I forgot the name. It's served in a leaf with toasted coconut, plum sauce and lime. It was truly amazing.
5	Have you ever been to a restaurant that only serves vegetarian food. How about a vegetarian restaurant that serves duck, chicken, and other meat products. Well at Chu Chai, you are served your choice of meat products that are actually made from soy protein. I love meat, but the soy chicken, duck and other meats that I shared with friends were some of the best "meat" I have had. It was served with rice of your choice. It was delicious. The serves was excellent and the restaurant  was a calming deemed lighting atmosphere. I would recommend this experience to anyone going to Montreal.
5	Chu Chai is so fabulously good that it wholly deserves every star it receives.  Even forgetting that all food is vegetarian and the 'duck' or shrimp that you are eating is actually soy protein, every dish is so wonderfully and delicately executed that the fact no animal had to perish to accomplish this goodness just adds to the appeal of this place.  I could eat anything from their menu forever and never miss meat.Unfortunately, we arrived too late for sit down service but the owners were so kind as to offer us take out instead and for which we were gleefully grateful.Standouts: crispy 'duck' with a sweet soy glaze, tofu in a peanut dressing, shrimp curry and the three mushroom pad siew.  (which is pretty much everything I ate at this meal)I regret that its 600kms away from home but you can be sure I will eat at Chu Chai at every visit to Montreal from now on.  WONDERFUL!
4	I'm more of a carnivore, but the vegetarian and fake meat dishes were actually really good. Great service at the restaurant too!
4	My friend ordered fake shrimp and didn't like it. I had fake veggie beef and loved it. Very tasty and even the texture resembled beef.
4	A little more fancy than your average faux meat Asian place.  Portions are small but not too small.  Nothing they say is spicy is actually spicy.Make sure to try the fried spinach....I know if sounds weird...and it is.  Deep friend and lightly dusted in sugar, the spinach takes on a clear crystaline quality with a unique flavor.We also enjoyed the Pad Ke Mao with "duck" while the red curry was somewhat bland.All in all an excellent choice for vegetarians and quite flavorful.
5	It's really not all that expensive for the ambiance and quality. If you're a vegetarian, this place allows you to basically get away with eating meat. They shape and flavor tofu here to look and taste exactly like different meats. It's quite the art! My good friend is vegetarian and she swears by this place. It's a vegetarians dream!*everything here is vegetarian* Someone wrote about duck being on the menu.. it's fake!! See! Even they were duped! It's all tofu ;)I love the sauces here too, very smooth and not too spicy :) Nice trendy location as well good for going for a walk afterwards. (I never went to the bring your own wine part as the atmosphere didn't look as nice)
4	A very fancy vegetarian restaurant with an award-winning chef and waiters in uniform. What is there not to like?I am a meat eater and was bewildered by how much the "fake" meat products resembled reality. I found every dish to be delicious, although there are a few caveats.The "award-winning appetizer", whichever name it goes by, consists of four leaves on which rest four small scoops of delicious veggie goodness. Yet as you chew down on the leafy morsel you begin to wonder whether your mouth's contents are worth $2.50 a bite. Stick to the fried dumplings and the love-bags. Whoever wrote the menu needs to get laid.The portions are OK, although they tend toward the French (small) rather than the American side. But this is a good way to actually flavor everything that went into preparing the dish, and the chef is definitely worth his money.If you are a meat-eater, pass on this place. If paper tablecloths feel cheap to you, pass. (I qualify under both statements). But if you are a devout vegetablist ChuChai will be a really good find.
3	Eight or nine years ago on a visit to Montreal, I discovered Chu Chai (then in its former location) by accident while wandering the neighborhoods.  I was so thrilled to find an all veg restaurant serving fabulous food I dragged my traveling companion to meals there four or five times on our visit.Last summer I returned to Montreal -- a little bit older, a little bit wiser, different traveling buddy -- and made a point of heading back to Chu Chai.  The restaurant had moved a lot farther up Rue St. Denis and is now more remote.  Boo.  The restaurant is now much smaller and the decor not nearly as subdued or appealing.  Boo.  Looking over the menu, I didn't see the one dish I had obsessed over on my former visit: vegetarian shrimp with crispy basil and sticky rice.  Booooooo.  Oh. Em. Gee.  That shrimp was mouth watering, the basil deep fried into addictive crispy chips and dusted with sugar, and the sweet-ish sticky rice was super sticky and chewy and served in a banana leaf.  No longer on the menu.  Ordered a chicken and mixed veggies, husband ordered spicy beef.  They were good, but they didn't come close to the former quality of the food.  Totally disappointed.  Prices were rather steep, too, even at lunch.I wouldn't go out of my way on my next trip to Montreal to dine at Chu Chai, unfortunately.
5	I went to ChuChai with a vegan friend as it was highly recommended on Yelp. It really didn't disappoint!  I eat meat but love vegetables too and the dishes at ChuCai were delicious!!  We ordered pad thai, vegetarian green curry, and the "love bag" (deep fried little "bags" of vegetables). Everything tasted really good and authentic, especially the pad thai. I'm a noodle snob and I swear by it! It's not healthy to eat meat all the time anyway, so all you meat lovers who want to try a vegetarian restaurant, this is the place to go to!
5	My fiancee and I went to Chuchai tonight and absolutely loved it!!! The food was amazing!!  The service was great! So delicious! We are going back tomorrow!!!  If you are a vegetarian and want a whole menu to select from, you should visit Chuchai!
3	Went there about five years agoJust recently came back, cuz my cousin from Vancouver was visiting and she's vegeterian, so we went to ChuChai...I'm quite impressed with this place, since everything is completely vegeterian, no meat no fish sauce whatsoever. That's a tall order if you're cooking thai food.I'd say it is a bit on the sweet side, everything is slightly sweet, I mean Thai cooking has a lot of sugar but this is is slightly sweeter than usual. Nothing a little lime can't fix really.we ordered pad thai, tofu with peanut sauce and fried spinach, mock penang beef, papaya salad, fried egg noodle which tasted like chow mein, and peanut sauce dumpling. The flavor is distinctly Thai, which is impressive, since a lot of dishes have fish sauce or some sort of prawn paste in it, and frankly i doubt i'm not sure i detect those hints of flavors missing... they found a way to substitute without cutting out the taste.The penang was the weakest, it lacked a bit, but the tofu with fried spinach is spot on. Being a meat eater it's not on top of my list but it's a nice place to go if you have a veggie friend, lol and we all have one or two of those :P
4	I've been to ChuChai the last two times I visited Montreal and I've had great experiences both times. The restaurant serves all vegetarian Thai food and has 'fake' duck, shrimp, beef, chicken, as well as plain vegetarian and tofu dishes. I'm not usually a fan of 'fake' meat - but decided to try out fake beef - I had a yellow curry dish with potatoes, beef and carrots with sticky rice. Very flavourful curry. The beef tasted a lot like beef to me (although it's been a while) - much more flavourful and a lot less dry than tofu. I've also tried a stirfry with bok choi and mushrooms  - it was tasty, but not as exciting as the rest of the menu options. I had the fresh spring rolls both visits, which are nice and light - two big pieces that are perfect for sharing.
4	ChuChai is le p'tit mort of vegetarian/vegan dining. The crispy mushrooms, dumplings in peanut sauce and soy sauce crispy "duck" were mouthgasmic. I sh*t you not. Omnivore, vegetarian, vegan... it doesn't matter, it is effing fantastic. Crap... I just drooled on my keyboard.Tips: For dinner I would make a reservation, although when we (4) just showed up we actually lucked out and got a patio table, on a Friday no less. If you go to the fancy-ish Chuchai (restaurant side) you can BYOW. Chuch, the "express" side is more casual but no BYOW.My only minor hiccup would be the cost vs. portion size. The small portions make it slightly pricey, and they could at least offer the mini steamed rice bowls for free at that price point. Still it was worth every penny and great for a dinner out... more for special occasions than on the regular so I don't go broke though.
4	You don't have to be a vegetarian/vegan in order to dine here. I'm neither one and loved it here. I can eat their food all day, it's that good.Chuchai is a Thai restaurant with a sleek and modern interior, black walls and dimmed lights; it's really pretty and comfortable in there. The variety on the menu is great and the prices are reasonable as well. I had their fried tofu with sweet and sour sauce appetizer and it was fantastic. For the main course I got pad thai which was really good too. I wasn't too big on their desserts options, so I just ordered their delicious almond cookies and Thai tea which I really liked. This was my first experience with Thai food; I'm a fan!The staff is super friendly and provide great service. The only thing that I would say needs improvement is the food portions. The food does not come in small quantities, but I think it wouldn't hurt if the portions were slightly bigger. Overall, a great restaurant for Thai food!
4	Upscale vegetarian Asian joint.  Service was so-so.  Food was suuuper good.  The fried mushroom appetizer is a must--it's like a vegetarian version of sweet & sour pork, not what I expected.  Overall a solid spot..good ambiance for a date or something.
5	My favorite Montreal restaurant...The food is all great (I think I've tried just about everything). Most of the simulated 'meat' analogues are excellent...the mock shrimp is kind of 'off'...more like fishy gummybears...not terrible, just not 'convincing'. This alone is not enough to drop a star. GO!
5	After the boyfriend and I suffered serious disappointment on finding ChuChai closed on New Years Eve, we finally made it in on our last night in Toronto and we were more than pleased. As a 20-year vegetarian, I remember when fake meat didn't even exist, so it doesn't tend to get me as excited as some folks, but this fake meat is worth it. It's well constructed, flavorful, and they get the texture as close as wheat-gluttenly possible. But it wasn't really the fake meat that got me going. They dishes were beautiful and thoughtfully prepared, from the chef's special appetizer of toasted coconut shreds, lime, peanut, and some magical sauce on a shiso leaf for bite-sized heaven to the ingenious breaded and fried seaweed shreds appetizer in a perfectly spicy sweet/hot sauce. I ordered the fried spinach on Yelp recommendation and we were shocked - how do they flash deep fry in so? And sweet with just a hint of pepper? Amazing. I have a hard time ordering when faced with so many options, but when we finally made our choice (duck with chilis and basil, chicken with spicy eggplant) I couldn't have asked for better - the vegetables were so thoughtfully cut and prepared, the sauces amazing. Service was just fine - suiting and upper-scale casual place such as this. A a large group made the evening louder than I would have liked, but it couldn't have been avoided. DO keep in mind that ChuChai is NOT BYOB like it's little cousin Chuch, and you won't be disappointed.
4	My wife and I love (and cook) thai food. If you like non-vegetarian thai you'll love this restaurant. The breaded crispy mushroom appetizer reminded me of general tao. Great Tom Yum. The duck not only tasted like duck but also looked like roast duck (how did they do this?). There's this amazing appetizer - something like 5 flavors finger food which is eaten wrapped in a leaf - delicious! Fair price. Great service. Only improvement would be better furnishings.
2	After initially reviewing this place, I went to ChuChai a few more times and became very disappointed.The food is good and consistent, and the staff remains kind. However, after being smacked with high-priced bills, I realized that the portions are too small for what you are paying for. I feel that this place is a trap for vegetarians since it's not always easy to get good veggie meals in many restaurants. Also, I've been experiencing very slow service here which can be rather annoying.I gave ChuChai a few chances, but they failed me. There are other Thai restaurants that offer good food for reasonable prices; I rather go there instead.
4	One of the best places in Montreal to get mock meat dishes. It is incredibly expensive and I usually only end up here on special occasions but their food is unique and creative.  I usually stick to one of the curries, and the mock beef but have never had anything here that wasn't delicious. Service is luck of the draw. I've been here before when we were told that we could not stay longer than 2 hours (which we wouldn't have but pointing that out as soon as we sit down is kinda ridiculous). If you're looking for delicious thai vegetarian cuisine this is your best bet in this city.
3	Upgraded to A-OK because I live around the corner and it's really convenient for take-out.  Still too expensive, still inferior to "real" Thai restaurants (especially the noodles... the Pad Kee Mow in particular is not recognizable as such), still weird inside, but all the people I've encountered recently there are super nice.
4	Oh Chu Chai Chai? What's up? Why's that price so high? Yes, I did. I went all the way back to 1983 to rock that Kajagoogoo reference.  And yes, thank you, I sleep very well at night. ChuChai makes some delicious vegetarian Thai food.  That is still true... HOWEVER, the combination of an increasingly more pedestrian menu and a slightly ridiculous pricing level take away a lot of the goodness found in my previous premise.Aside from the somewhat diminutive portions, you will be in vegvana at first bite of pretty much any of the curries here.  The crispy duck is a culinary masterpiece - as an omnivore I have to profess preferring it to the, you know - "other" kind.  Uh huh - really.  Always try the chefs specials as they most are just that - truly special. Service is reasonable - nothing to write home about / nothing to remove stars about. Getting there late in the evening seems to be a bad idea if you want to catch the staff at the top of their game.Honestly - my only fault with the place is the drastic moves down the price quality curve.Are the owners of ChuChai members of the elite group of supervillains that are fabled in song and story (aka my Yelp reviews) as Vegtortionists? Those that hold the veggie and vegan community price hostage for daring to follow their moral compass?  Not yet, but another combo price hike/menu dulling will certain earn them a membership invite.
5	Outside of some of my own veg dishes (I can assure you I'm in no way biased), this place is probably the best vegetarian meal I've had in a restaurant to date.  It's not easy to do good creative veg dishes, but here, it was exceptional.  You don't even think about the fact that you're not eating meat.  We had the fried dumplings with sweet and spicy sauce and the "shrimp" hot and sour soup with lemon grass to start.  Both excellent.  For the mains we had the crispy duck with soy sauce and spinach, which I marveled over (probably the reason for this 5 star) and the spicy rice noodles with black mushrooms.This place put veg dining on a whole new level for me.  New York restaurants now have something to shoot for.
5	I am not vegetarian and I LOVED this restaurant! Their faux meat dishes were out of this world! I had gone with my equally carnivorous boyfriend and we couldnt believe how good this restaurant was! Service was amazing, food was delicious, atmosphere was great.They take your coats at the entrance too. Parking is a bit tricky however.
4	Yep, solidly awesome! I had the crispy duck with spinach and a soy-based sauce, which seems to be the highlight among my fellow yelpers. Super flavorful and healthy!! Perfectly prepared and yes, indeed it is crispy. I still can't believe this place is vegetarian. I had a salad to start - green papaya, I believe.
5	Ok ok, what am I doing at an all vegetarian restaurant? I am not vegetarian, and I actually love getting my protein through a thick steak or nice piece of fish just as much as the next guy. That doesn't mean I can't appreciate vegetarian cuisine and even enjoy it. It might help that my girlfriend at the time I visited ChuChai was a hardcore vegetarian herself.I don't necessarily remember all the food we ordered that evening, but the one item that always comes to mind when I think of ChuChai is the crispy duck! I know it has been mentioned in other reviews, but you can't go to this restaurant without trying it. It's that good. If you didn't know it was a vegetarian restaurant, you can almost assume that it's real duck!The chef at ChuChai has really created one of the most unique dining experiences around by coming up with a menu that includes vegetarian versions of all sorts of "proteins" and actually making them tasty, as well as visually and texturally appealing!
4	I have been to ChuChai 5 times now. Trust me on this, get the sticky rice and the crispy duck! I would have given them 5 stars but the last time I was there, the food arrived cold and we asked them to reheat it. It came back to the table just as cold the second time.The patio is a great people-watching spot in the summer plus it's bring your own wine which helps keep the cost down seeing as it is a tad overpriced.
5	I have been to this restaurant over 20 times. The decor has changed over the years but the food seems to be consistently good. Authentic Thai flavours, mock meat that is surprising in flavour and texture. Try the crispy mushroom with basil, and the three spice beef, my mouth is watering! The curries are all delicious! My favourite is the sticky rice with peanut sauce!!! Don't arrive on the weekend without a reservation tho.
5	Oh Chu Chai.You have always been so good to me.  Since I was studying at McGill in 1998 to my most recent visit a few weeks ago.  You always leave me licking my lips and wishing I was back in Montreal.  And again, you left another carnivorous friend in shock by your "faux meat".I have eaten a lot of faux meat and I usually am not very impressed. But chu chai does something very special and unique with theirs.  If you have been disappointed by faux meat in the past, give this place a try before you shun it forever.During the last visit, we ordered the duck which was Incredible.  10/10  Be sure to order this when you head there!My friend said the duck was better than any "Real" duck she had had!We also order the basil chicken which was fantastic as always and the pad thai.  Oh and the dumplings were fantastic!This place is one of the reasons why I crave visits to Montreal.
4	One of the best vegetarian restaurants in montreal. Every dish I order is delicious especially the black pepper duck which taste exactly like duck! I'm no carnivore but I do love occasional meat, but this place? Their mock meat is just AS delicious as the real thing, if anything better! The lemongrass soups are quite good and the shrimp dishes are yummy as well. Everytime I go, I'm never disappointed. Though it is slightly pricey, that's fine. Food quality and service match the prices.
4	See my review of ChuChai (with beautiful photos) here:http://alltheveganthings.com/post/16403693116/vegan-dining-restaurants-montreal-chuchai#.Tx6ZsbytM6w
5	This is our family's go-to restaurant! We always get the crispy duck. We haven't been since we have had a baby - but I'm not sure its baby friendly?? Has anyone been with a baby?
5	Pricey but soo delicious. Try the chilli basil duck, or the peanut tofu with crispy spinach.
1	Came by for dinner today and noticed that it's closed. Unclear if it is permanent or not.
3	Too much sugar in everything.
5	I can't believe its not chicken...For those of you to afraid to try veggiterrean food because you need your meat, and you love the taste, well fear not, Chu chai to the rescue.Cut tofu and marinate it to appear and taste like chicken and shrimp. Fried banana was divine. Fried mushrooms and peanut dumplings scrumptious. Bring your own wine makes it an easy choice, make this place affordable. Bring a date, hmmm perhaps, but its very casual, so save it for someone you feel comfortable. There is a 2nd side to the resto, which is not a byow, and a little more intimate.
4	Meal: DinnerRationale: I've forgotten what else we did that day. I know ChuChai was one of the places on my list of vegetarian-suitable restaurants in Montreal as gleaned from Chowhound.com. I've forgotten if it's exclusively vegetarian or just predominantly vegetarian.Food: To start, we shared the tao-hu dan, which was basically tofu stuffed with an interesting, flavorful, crisp concoction. Then I got the (fake) beef Panang curry as my main entree. I have had this same dish all over New Jersey and New York and have never tasted such discretely identifiable flavors working so well together. Basil and lime (or was it lemongrass?), specifically. Plus whatever makes it spicy, sour, sweet, etc. Maybe that's how it works in Thailand, but not really in the NYC metro area. The fake beef in the dish was pretty good, too. Also, we had wine, but it was from France or Italy or something and I don't remember what else. It was red.Service/atmosphere: I don't remember much about the service. I remember waiting a while for them to realize I'd run out of rice (rice is not included in the price, either, which makes it really expensive). Then I finally got more rice and finished my curry as it was getting cold. While I waited, I finished whatever my boyfriend got. I forget what it was, but it was really spicy, and also delicious. (Side note: those who think there is no such thing as spicy food in Montreal - eat here!) There was no wait to sit outside, though, which I appreciated. Conclusion: Despite the cost and the somewhat unattentive service, I'd go back for the food. I'm afraid I'll never have such a delightful flavor explosion in New York. I'll have to go back to Montreal for good Thai. Go figure.
5	O.M.G.  BEST VEGAN FOOD EVER....we walked in on a sat nite, without a reservation and surprisingly were accomodatedservice was outstanding.  the drinks..very very good.  the lychee mojito was really yummy, i think it had a hint of an apple syrup in there...i had the curry duck which was really good and my friend had the green curry with the shrimp, shes not vegan, nor is she vegetarian and she actually stopped after she had a bite to make sure this was vegetarian for me because she couldn't believe it.the appetizers we had were the peanut skewers (amazing) and the 5 flavor appetizer which sounded odd initally, but wow, what amazing flavors (not very filling, but very cool to eat).  This place was just blow me away outstanding..and I come from Chicago that is really known for their vegan food....
1	EXPENSIVE AND DISAPPOINTING!I ordered the chicken lemongrass soup ($6)and the shrimp coconut milk soup ($7) for lunch through A la carte express. Ended up costing $20 for two measly servings of broth, 3 slices of mushrooms, 1/8 of a tomato, barely 3 strips of fake chicken and what appeared to be ONE fake shrimp sliced in 4. Coconut milk tasted like they emptied a can of coco milk and added a few spices and a drop of water. The Lemongrass broth was O...K.... Im eating yogurt now cause Im still starving! Moral of the story, Vegetarianism is expensive and maybe they should find other alternatives to protein then fake, tasteless meat. Why are you looking for meat if you decided not to eat it?
2	The Thai restaurant has "closed" and changed the menu.  It seems like it still has the same owners and the menu is still vegan but it's now a upscale tapas restaurant.  So, this revue is about the new menu & restaurant.They have a lot of good menu items with varied ingredients and stlyes.  The night we were there, they must have had a lot of left over ingredients from the Thai restaurant because there were a lot of thai influenced recipes.We ordered 4+ plates and wine.  The wine was was one of the smallest servings I've had for $7 although decent.  The beer selection consisted of 3 options.The food was okay at best.  The flavors were a bit bland and needed some salt or maybe a bit of spice to top it off.  I tried the fish and chips and wasn't impressed.   Overall the food seems like a "oh, I've tried that" kind of experience.   The portions of the food (and wine) are ridiculously small so expect to spend a crap load of money to eat and drink.... Also expect to grab some food afterwards.tl;dr: Expensive, small portions but unique ideas with bland flavors.  I wish they made bigger plates of the good items.
4	We were looking for another great place to dine...we found this GREAT gem on Saint-Denis.  Warm & inviting the moment we walked through the door.  We're bar folks...I forgot my readers, and the kind gent to my left offered his...little did we know it was the owner, Patrick (ChuChai) and his lovely wife, Ayesha.  Service and creations,from Chris, mixologist extraordinaire, were outstanding.  Chef out did herself with the flight of 'chef's choice' small plates...we will be back!!
5	Vegan or not, this is hands down the best formal dining Thai Restaurant in Montreal. Treat yourself!
5	Had a great dinner here last night. The Mai Thai Tini hit the spot to start, along with the Miang Kram appetizer, which is a must order - it pops in your mouth. Also liked the dumpling with peanut sauce. My entree was a bit too spicy - I ordered the shrimp with eggplant, and they include some quite spicy small peppers, but I picked some of them out and it was fine. I appreciated the brown rice option. I also enjoyed the dessert of Thaipioca pudding made with coconut milk. It was a really original and interesting thai experience, especially for being all vegan.
5	We sat on the Chuch Bistro side, where you can eat both the bistro style food or the fancified Thai food that's available on the other side (no idea whether you can also eat both on the other side as I've only been once). The cocktail menu could've been a little more forthcoming. Titles of drinks don't really tell you anything, so we had to ask about all of them. I had a blushing geisha, which is a refreshing blend of vodka, sake, elderflower syrup, ginger beer and maybe a couple other things. It was super-sweet and also not particularly strong, but tasty enough.The food though. Oh man. So good. We started with a (mock) beef poutine with lemongrass and arugula (maybe? some kind of green). It was the best. Highly, highly recommended -- it doesn't perfectly match Thai food, but it has shadings of the flavor profile, so it doesn't contrast in a bad way. We had five people with a ton of dishes. The least successful was probably the pad thai. I knew going into ordering it that it was probably just there for the unadventurous whose friends dragged them there scared and distraught at the thought of fake meat and contemporary Thai, and so it's meant to comfort and console them. But, I can't not order a pad thai, so I did, and it was fine, but everything else was much better. The highlights for me were the crispy duck and the crispy spinach that came with the chicken in peanut sauce (my friend ordered the chicken ultra-spicy, and I couldn't try it because I'm a big spice wimp in comparison). The spinach is light and a little bit sweet and the crunch is perfect. The duck even replicated that fatty layer that happens between the skin and the meat, and the spice was rich and deeply flavored. There were also a couple of curries and an eggplant dish around the table, and a drunken noodles (pad kee mao). All fantastic, and no one missed the meat at all.Service was supernice, attentive, good water service. Rice was a touch overpriced for serving size, but whatever. I'll be back for sure.
5	I just went to this place and I have no idea that it's a vegetarian food but guess what I love it. The food is so good. The curry sauce is so delicious. I will go back there again next time when I go back to Montreal. I really recommended this place. I'm Thai so I know what i'm talking about :)
5	ChuChai is amazing, not just for its uncanny yet playful renditions of fake meat, but for the flavor combinations that make it great cuisine, meat or not.First, let's talk about the meat, made of tempeh, tofu, seitan, and other such things. The beef has genuinely beefy texture, that of braised meat that falls apart at the touch of a fork. The duck has flesh-like striations and even emulates that layer of fat between the meat and the skin. The shrimp is probably the least realistic, but playful with pink stripes painted on to the curved little nuggets.Our table started with an order of poutine, not knowing what to expect. It was a marvelous play on the classic with crispy fries blanketed in a Thai mock beef salad, piquant with lemongrass, lime and herbs, then topped with diced avocado and arugula. That was my favorite item of the night, though the spicy and flavorful beef panang curry was a close second. The crispy duck came in a sweet and sort of boring soy-based sauce, but the duck was a marvel to be admired. Husband particularly loved the garlicky eggplant with faux shrimp and hoarded it mostly to himself. And the spicy chicken in peanut sauce came with an outstanding crispy spinach reminiscent of kale chips. The only dud was pad thai which didn't live up the excitement of the other dishes. Come here and be astounded.
5	My macrobiotic/yoga teacher suggested me to check  this place when I first moved to Montreal in 2003. Ever since I've been a fan of this place. I can probably say I've eaten all of the items on the menu, all the mock meats and nothing has ever disappointed either my friends or me. Bring your own wine to make your meal more affordable (SAQ is nearby)
5	Normally my non-meat based diet revolves around plants, grains, and legumes, but mock meat is one of my guilty pleasures -- especially when it's done really well, as it is at ChuChai. The table d'hote menu is a bit spendy for those on a thriftier budget at $100 for two (and kind of confusing to figure out), but it's worth it for a splurge - you really get to sample a wide variety of menu items. Each person receives one alcoholic beverage and a small sampling of five different appetizers, then you essentially get four main-dish sized portions to split between the table, plus sides of rice. To top it all off, you get sample sized portions of three different desserts and coffee or tea to finish. Everything was delicious (and beautifully plated!), and I was stuffed to the gills by the end of the meal. The mock chicken with the peanut sauce and crispy spinach was a particular standout for me. Good company + table d'hote menu + warm summer evening + outdoor seating = the most fantastic way to spend my final evening in Montreal.
5	Superb faux-meat restaurant in Montreal. Great service. I've been coming here for years.Their salt and pepper shrimp, three flavor beef, and duck pad thai are fantastic.A definite must-try.
5	Upscale vegan Thai cuisine done well. I had a saute dish with mock chicken and veggies and rice, and my husband had a noodle dish with a few types of mock meat. Both were great, and we look forward to going back on our next trip to Montreal.
4	We went here not realizing that the entire menu would be vegetarian. I was skeptical before ordering but was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the basil fried rice. I thought it was flavored well with a perfect amount of spicy-ness
4	My name is Mark, and I am a meat-eater. When I think of "vegetarian diet", the word "lacking" comes to mind. I see it as lacking in content, in filling power, and in taste. I could be wrong, but that's how I feel. So, needless to say, when my wife and friends wanted to go to ChuChai, I was less than excited. But, when I tasted the food, I knew I was wrong about that feeling. This food was goooood. For vegetarian food, it was too expensive, but they know they have a niche and serve it (forgive the pun) well. I am still not a fan of the veggie lifestyle, but for this one meal, I had no complaints.
4	Fun decor. Good food. Lovely cocktail (though I agree it was weird they didn't list ingredients in the descriptions). The servers were very accommodating. My only real issue was the price. The servings were small, especially the rice. I felt like we ordered quite a bit of food but still weren't satiated.
4	Great place for vegans and non-vegans alike! Very unique dishes that I've never seen anywhere else. The seaweed appetizer dish is perfection - just try it!! And the crispy duck entree is crazy, I just don't know how they make it! It's all too good. The only thing is that it's very expensive for the amount of food that you get, and the sticky rice wasn't very good. Also I have a hard time with spicy food but the foods that they say are spicy on the menu actually aren't at all so just be aware of that.
1	I've been vegetarian for my entire life and I gotta tell you people straight up -- this place sucks. I'm sorry it really does. Chuchai is pretty much the same as Chuch which is next door ... except you pay more because it is a tad fancier and a little more formal but in any case (to reiterate) this food is simply substandard when you take into consideration the price that they're asking. If you want really salty fake meat, average concepts, flavourless yet overly salty sauces, microwaved food (I know right?!?) served by slow wait staff, bad music and uncomfortable plastic chairs this is right up your dystopian alley and is probably just the place for you. I really don't know how they have existed for so long seeing as how there are so many excellent vegetarian restaurants in the Plateau, let alone the entire city. If East Asian vegetarian cuisine is what you're looking for, don't get it here ... go somewhere else like Yuan Vegetarian or Su Shian Yuang. Sorry to be so harsh but I tells it like it is. Peace.
1	VERY DISAPPOINTED! Microscopic lemongrass soup very expensive and worst than everywhere else, in version coconut - they literally put milk from can straight to bowl and served as the other dish. Fried dumpling was so dry that impossible to eat.  Vermicelli noodles with vegetables  had no taste at all (few vegetables with old sauce from wok, mixed with ordinary noodles). In summary: food worst than in cheap thai places for the double price. Service slow, bad and insolent. NEVER AGAIN!
5	If I had to recommend to a friend a list featuring the best vegetarian restaurants in Montreal, ChuChai would definitely make the top 3! It offers a delicious selection of tasty meals which may please vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. Although the price is moderately high for a restaurant of its category, they offer a remarkable service, smiles all around, and some of the best food in town; a wide selection of faux-meat, noodles, salads and more. If you happen to stop by and still have some space left for dessert after your meal, I recommend the chocolate avocado mousse as well as the thai tea.
5	If traveling to another country with the primary purpose of eating here at ChuiChai, doesn't say how FABOULOUS this place is, I don't know what will!We've been coming here for years and although it has changed a bit, the food is still dynamite! The flavors are amazing. The food is creative. The prices are reasonable. If you are in heading into Montreal, and are looking some delicious Thai food- this is the place to go! I can't wait to go back again! Bring those work trips on; I'm hungry!  =)
2	I use to live this place. The restaurant use to have two sections, a cheaper side and and more upscale expensive side. The food was great and you could usually get a decently priced meal on the less expensive side. Today is the first time I come back after their renovations and their prices appear to have increased by over 25%. They used to be, I believe, limit on the price for what they offered. Now they are just overpriced.
4	Some people say it is not authentic Thai food. Who cares? Thai food is full of fish sauce and shrimp paste anyway! We went to Chuchai on our last night in Montreal. It was not cheap but it was really tasty and a great experience altogether. They have menus in English and French which were very convenient for us. We started with the curry puffs and the deep fried seaweed in a sweet and spicy sauce. The curry puffs were nice enough but looked and tasted more or less like samosas. On the other hand, the seaweed dish was amazing! Then we had the fake chicken with peanut sauce and fried spinach. That was so delicious. The spinach was also a bit sweet and unlike anything I tasted before. Very delicate flavours. We also had some red curry which was great too. The sticky rice is absolutely perfect. Our dishes rated 2 on the scale of 3 for spiciness but we did not find then spicy at all. We were told that they do not use dairy or eggs in the cooking, but still use milk in coffee and honey in desserts so it is not yet a vegan restaurant but hopefully they will move to. Totally worth trying in Montreal.
5	Delicious vegan cuisine even for those of us non-vegans. The desserts were superb! And the atmosphere was wonderful. I really enjoyed it
5	Just went back here whilst in town.. it had been 4 years since the last time! Talk about consistency! It's just how I remember it if not better. I love the modern art on the walls and the cozy seating plan. We ordered the shrimp green curry and the ginger chicken and we absolutely loved it! The sticky rice really paired well with our dishes. The rice portions are kinda small.. we should have ordered 3 rice orders for the 2 of us.. will do so next time!The mango sticky rice dessert is impeccable. It's a must when you eat here!!!Service is pleasant and extra fast. The food is a little pricey but I still think for the quality it's worth it.
4	Not bad, it's a lovely restaurant, well maintained and inviting. The salads were inventive and I ate every bit of mine. The menu maintains a sense of fusion with dishes being plated in intriguing ways to combine flavours. For example the Duck Salad was cut as a slaw, making it very easy to get a bite of everything at once. And the stuffed tofu was to die for! Tasted exactly like a Vietnamese sub.  Our server did his job well and was very polite. The only downsides I saw were the tables on the patio are so cramped, there really is no privacy and when they say spicy. They mean white person spicy. Not actually hot. It comes off as hoity toity and expensive, but really it was laid back and affordable.
4	We passed by this Thai restaurant as we were walking along Rue Duluth.  We noticed high ratings on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  This restaurant is all vegan.  At first my carnivore husband wasn't sure, but they he decided to give it a try.  They had fake meat made out of soy.We ordered the following:- Kary Puff (Crispy pastry filled with vegetables and yellow curry): DELICIOUS- Red Curry with vegetables: This was a bit spicy for me.  The waiter was nice enough to take it back and made it mild.  The curry was very flavorful and I absolutely enjoyed it.Overall, a great place for some vegetarian food.
4	We went out for dinner here last night. My brother and I didn't realize all the dishes were vegan and made with faux meat until we sat down. We had the Crispy Duck Curry and the Coconut Beef Curry. I have to say that the food tasted great and the faux meat was totally not a problem. Be adventurous and try it! Also, the servers were wonderfully pleasant and offered helpful recommendations. There were only two negative points. The prices were a tad high (about $18 per curry dish). And, the restaurant is popular and had all the tables reserved (on a Wednesday night no less!) so we had to sit at the bar. You might want to make a reservation ahead of time.
5	The crispy duck is out of this world. I still can't believe that everything was vegan. This is by far the best culinary experience in vegan cooking. The chocolate mousse made with avocado is again better than the real thing! Every time I travel to Montreal I will make sure to eat at ChuChai.  I love ChuChai.
5	My boyfriend and I went to Montreal for the first time this summer and when searching for a vegan place... we had found our match. Laid back/modern ambiance. Even though we went on a very busy night (I think it was a Wednesday) they took care of us. The food was superb! BEST VEGAN THAI EVER! Too bad you are a very expensive airplane ride away. My favorite dish was the beef panang curry and the best dessert I've ever had was the coconut milk tapioca. YUMMM! Cannot wait to return!
3	The food, service and menu selection -- all excellent.  But I can't offer more than three stars given the high price of the food and the complete disconnect between the menu and the decor.  This could be a wine bar, an Indian restaurant, a pasta house or a late-night coffee and desert place and they wouldn't need to change a thing.  You could put this place in a police line and not be able to pick it out as the vegan Thai place.Spice levels were underwhelming, too.
5	Best resto EVER :) this chef is a genius! Portions are a bit small but made with huge heart.
4	Friendly greeting and good service. Papaya salad nice. Fried dumplings so-so. Pad Thai royale wonderful as were the green curry vegetables. Interesting chocolate avocado mousse and great coconut lime cake. Need to know more about house specialties -need recommendations. Portion sizes reasonable to small. Decent value for money.  Only down side is the atmosphere is a bit drab. Should be better for the price. A bit cafeteria like. Maybe some candles on tables or something to give it some warmth.
3	This was a bit of a disappointment. I had the table d'hote and was excited to try a number of dishes. I believe the duck is what they are famous for and it is so so. There is too much crust on the mushrooms and the sauce is too sweet. The other dishes were pretty good but in general most items were overly sauced. Dessert was great though and the service was excellent. Overall I believe this is a great restaurant but I the reviews make it out to be better than reality.
