5	I have recently moved to the Madison area and needed to transition my optometric services to a new provider.  I found the eye exam and followup services to be outstanding at the Pearle Vision center located on McKee Rd. In Fitchburg.  I would recommend this eye care provider to any person or family looking for high level care and service in the Madison area.    Dave Kastberg
5	Service and quality doesn't get better.  I've got terrible eyes and dr goetsch takes good care of me ( and the family )
5	Dr. Goetsch and his staff are wonderful, so committed to their patients. I had a pretty tricky prescription to figure out, and they really went above and beyond to see it through and make sure that I got the right lens for me. You can't ask for me in an optometrist!
5	I had an amazing experience here. I came in for a new prescription for both glasses and contacts. I was also intent on buying glasses that day. I made an appointment online and was able to come in day-of. Immediately I felt taken care of. As a new patient, I filled out my paperwork and looked at some frames while I waited. Then I was in the back getting my vision checked and having both the tech and Dr. Goetsch checking out my eye post-corneal abrasion fiasco. Both the tech and the doctor were very thorough in their checking, and I liked how Paul explained to me what each machine was testing. He also wiped down each machine before I put my face on it, which was great as I am a clean freak.Once I had all my tests done, I was with Dr. Goetsch getting my eyes checked. I felt very comfortable in his office, and I loved how bright it was! He explained how they have a dark room for patients with emergency eye accidents and this nice, bright room for the eye tests. It was very refreshing. Why have I been going to Lenscrafters all of these years? Dr. Goetsch and I chatted through the eye test and we spoke about my vision history and how my eyes where changing. As a new patient I did remember to bring in my old glasses and contact Rx from a few years ago, so that helped in discussing my history.Next it was to pick out my glasses. There were lots of frames to choose from! Many good name brands, too: Tory Burch, Prada, Coach, Versace, Ray-Ban, etc. My dad's insurance only covered up to a certain amount in frames, so I got a $99 pair so they were free. Paul told me they were made by the same company as Ray-Ban, just without the brand name, so that was good to know. My old pair of glasses were Ray-Bans, and they were very durable. I was definitely looking for the same level of craftsmanship, which--three weeks later--is definitely the case. These glasses are great!Afterwards, I left with a new pair of contacts and my prescriptions. I went in on a Monday and my glasses were ready on Thursday, which seems like a normal amount of time. Paul told me that they get sent to Milwaukee to get made, so that's why it takes a little while. Overall, it was a great experience and I highly recommend Pearle Vision to everyone. I will be back!PS - Another nice thing is that they refill the bottle of glasses cleaner spray for you for free once it's empty. What a great perk!
5	We were visiting from out of town, had an eye emergency, and they accommodated us right away. They were very helpful, and Dr. Goetsch was incredibly thorough and explained everything thoroughly.  We just wished that he was closer so that we could continue our optometry care with him.
