3	I am not a good golfer, so it's not entirely my place yet to judge a course's quality.  This is one of the few affordable places for a local to golf without having to drive outside of town, so that makes it attractive.  Even without being on top of my game though, I would tell that the fairways (when I was actually on them) were a little thin and sandy.  The greens (after the 10 shots it took me to get to them) were hard, thin and fast.  I would blame my extremely high score on the course, but I'm quite certain that my horrible skill level had something to do with that.  It was a fine course for it's age, and not entirely unreasonable comparably in Las Vegas.  The golf shop people were friendly, the concessions girl was helpful, and the restaurant was quite good.  I would say something nice about the bev cart, but we only saw it twice in 18 holes.  I think that's not quite often enough.
5	This review is based on Wildhorse's wedding facilities only.  I've never played golf a day in my life.I got married at Wildhorse last year, after a friend who also got married there recommended it to me, and there are no words to explain how amazing and happy my experience was with Wildhorse.  We looked at about a dozen venues in both Southern Ca and Las Vegas/Henderson and the moment I walked into Wildhorse, I knew it was the one.  My happiness only grew after we met Elena H. (the food & beverage manager).  She is amazing, helpful, and friendly.  She was the biggest help in planning my wedding.  Our wedding day went off without a hitch and I have absolutely no complaints about anything.  The food was delicious, the venue is elegant, the greens are beautiful, the staff is friendly, everything is perfect about this place, including the cost.  It was very budget-friendly for us.  I definitely think that we got the best bang for the buck.  I really cannot put into words how incredibly happy I was with my experience at Wildhorse.  I wish I could give them 10 stars.
4	I'm surprised to not see more golf reviews in Vegas on here.  This place is a muni and is run by the city of Henderson.  Thus, it is definitely a local's spot.  The prices are legit ($34 weekdays, $46 weekends if you got a Henderson ID) and it jumps up to $41 and $51 for the rest of Clark County residents.  Non-residents are paying $85 and $108 which is just ridiculous for a municipal course of this quality.  Out of towners should go play just about anywhere else for that type of money.Driving range and pro shop is decent.  Course condition was about what I expected.  You wont get pristine conditions here, but you won't have lots of dead grass or bumpy greens either.  I will likely be making this my home course, and will update my review once I make a few more loops around this place.
4	I was lucky enough to go when it was still warm and we got on for a good price!  Somewhere around the $50 range.  The course was beautiful and well maintained, you could tell it was an older course but none the less still beautiful.  My round was horrible, but nothing beats a round of golf, "a bad day of golf beats a good day at work", I always say... But anyway the staff was friendly and welcoming, the starter was pretty funny too, I promise I was laughing with him and not at him, haha... The cart lady was cool and so was the marshall. So overall it was a great day and I would definately go back again!!!
5	We enjoyed this course so much we played it twice during a 4 day weekend! We made our reservations on-line and got a great deal. Our tee time was at 1 pm and we paid $27.00 each for 18 holes and $14.00 for a cart. Our second tee time was 12:52 and we got there early so they let us start when there was room. The weather was gorgeous, sunny and 66 in JANUARY! The greens are green and the rest of it not so much but its the desert and who cares about the rest of it. The course had some challenging holes and has two par 5's. The greens were challenging, although they looked similar some of them were fast and some of them really slow. I am new to the sport, but golfed with some veterans and they enjoyed the course as much as I did. The staff was amazing, friendly and treated you as if you were at some hoity toity, private golf club. Every one from cart ladies, the concession stand hostess, club house staff, ranger, caddies and maintenance were so courteous and wonderful. At one point, I realized my wallet was missing and they all made it a priority to search for it and even had the ranger head out with my husband to make sure it wasn't on the course. There are plenty of choices for golf in Las Vegas, but for the price and the course really Wildhorse is a winner! We'll be back!
3	As an avid golfer from Florida, I have seen the good, the bad and the ugly as far as courses go. This place is not bad, especially for a muni course. We went in March, 10am tee time and got on for $65.  Got to call around and haggle a little. The course itself was nicely laid out, but played VERY easy. Almost too easy. My brother who is not that good, shot his 1st round in the 80's ever. I shot a 76 and rarely shoot in the 70's and this was at the 6500 yd tees.  The greens were not that good at all. Rolled fast but VERY bumpy in March. Their website boasts that #9 is the hardest hole in Vegas ?? Our foursome was a combined ONE over. There are harder holes on this course alone. let alone Vegas.Would play again since it is inexpensive compared to other courses in Vegas, I just have a hard time paying near $100 for golf unless its in HI or a tour stop calibur course. By the way, we saw the cart girl so often, we were 1/2 drunk by the15th hole.  Gotta love it.
4	nice course
5	Great staff.  Excellent club house and course.
4	This is a review of the banquet facilities!1.  Need a place to go for a larger get together with 30 to 100 people, the reception area here is great.2.  I have held business meetings here and it is great place. They have air walls to block of the larger room3.  Just went to a graduation celebration here and it was fun, roomy, easy to get to, park and etc!4.  Food is good.  Menu is just fine.  Service okay for this type of facility. 5.  I find the place to be perfect in many ways. Not too austentatious and very presentable.  Overall, I would say it is very pleasant!!!
4	Great Staff.  Great reasonable rentals.  Challenging course, well maintained.  Nice range, spacious putting and chipping greens. Groupon Buy @ 35$ was a score.  A wonderful course to have close to home
4	Groupon had a ridiculous offer.  $25 for 18 holes and a cart.  No restrictions after 9:30am.  Hell, I'll take 4 of those bad boys.I haven't golfed since I was 13 or so, so I was nervous that I'd be stuck with Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson.  Luckily for me, I was paired up with a couple of guys who were average at golf and understanding that I suck.  The starters got us two carts and the three of us went on with our golfing adventure a few minutes after our scheduled time.As for the course, the course itself was well maintained.  One knock that I had was that we walked by trash on the course, but that was from the douchey golfers and isn't a sign of laziness from the staff.  There were a couple dry spots on the grass, but, hell, that happens to my front yard, too.  Let alone a huge golf course.  The greens were playing a bit fast (sh*t, I have no clue, but the golf pro told us this before we started).  Overall, not a ridiculously difficult course.  There weren't too many bunkers and traps, although bring some extra golf balls to shag in case you get close to the water traps.Speaking of "the drink", the drink cart rolled by three times while we were out on the course.  And the course was packed, so that's an awesome success rate.  You can't even get that kind of service at a nightclub, let alone what you'd expect from the golf course.  And on top of that, there are awesome happy hour specials in the bar after the game.  I think three beers were $7-8 total.  Not a piece.  If I wasn't in a hurry to get home, I would have taken 4 of those too...Overall, it's a good course that's not uber challenging to a seasoned vet, but fun enough for a newbie to play.  The people were nice and the price is awesome.
2	The course was in horrible shape and the employees were rude and unresponsive. The practice facility is relatively nice though.
3	It is well played by the public and possible by a lot of city of henderson locals ,and it shows on the fairway and greens, it is well beaten and worn, lots of divots and bumpy greens.. It has a few very challenging holes, like number 9 which is surrounded by water near fairway and green,which is number  one hardest hole(par 4),,,the secret is too lay-up all the way ,unless your A game is with you and/or  you are straight and narrow shooter...food and drink a little pricey,like 300%Would I play here again, maybe.... For sure if I got a free round...The staff is nice and priced okay,, but I am spoiled with some nicer course in the area....
4	This is a nice course. Very challenging. - The clubhouse is really nice. Offering a grill upstairs and a clean pro-shop with friendly employees.- This is definitely a desert course. Hitting the fairways is a must. Lots of gravel and rocks lining the edges forcing the issue.- Price is reasonable. I found some online discounts for a mid-afternoon tee time in the $30 range.
4	I have played this course a number of times over the years as my office has been just down the street during that time.  I hadn't played there since maybe 07' until earlier this year when there was a golf social held there.   I've now since played there 3 times and the course is really in great shape now.  The staff has been extremely friendly and helpful and it's affordable even if you're a non-local.  I had a friend in town from Oregon along with two of my other friends and we had a great time when we played there on Oct 14th.
5	We were at the Wildhorse for a fundraiser a few weeks back. The course was in phenomenal shape and the team running the Wildhorse was up to par! We had massive requests in which all were fulfilled with a group of 400. A great place to attend a round or organize an event
5	Wildhorse is amazing. Me and my wife got married there last year and the whole process was effortless. They worked with our budget and we got allot for our money in on package. The food we got with our package was also very good and it was fresh and hot. If you're not from Vegas and want a very intimate place to have your wedding, or even just the reception, Wildhorse is perfect. As a local i definitely recommend them because the crazy prices on the strip and the drama is not worth it. They are the epitome of one stop shopping from the minister to the photographer. They are truly a life saver.
5	Had my wedding here and it was everything we wanted. The fact that their prices are so much more approriate for those who do not make a lot of money was a huge thing for us.  The location is very nice, very well maintained and clean. I was also surprised that the entire staff there is so incredibly friendly.  If you are seeking a wedding location, I highly urge you to consider this place.  And best of all, you get Elena who is the wedding coordinator.  She pretty much takes care of it all which was wonderful for me because brides shouldn't have to work so hard on their special day. We had a small intimate ceremony but the ballroom provides so much more not to mention, the food was fabulous. HIGHLY consider this place for your next event!!!!!
5	I highly recommend Elena Hargraves and the Wildhorse Golf Course facility on 8-8-8. Elena was wonderful, always smiling, and great to work with. She is very professional, responsive to my questions about the wedding facility, and offered several suggestions to keep the wedding experience moving. My reception was great too, along with delicious buffet option. If you don't want to get married at a casino, you should get marry at the Wildhorse and ask for Elena.
3	A good local course.  They have had issues with greens in the past, but it seemed to be better the last time I played.  Doesn't have desert, so the kind of course I would rather play.  Get a deal on groupon and its a real value.
4	I've played the course (only the front 9) twice so my review may be a little limited as far as play goes.  Overall I enjoy the course, it has great views, I'm a little new to the area so again based on this being the only place I've been able to play thus far it's a limited review.  With that being said though, I like the layout, I didn't mind the host he seemed a little tough at first but he comes around and is friendly and easy to joke with once your out there on the course and it makes for a good time.  He has to set the tone and ground rules and I can understand that.  Would like to see the course in a little better shape.  I understand that they just recently re-seeded the course if i'm not mistaken, but I would have figured it would have been a little more green by now.  The clubhouse staff is awesome,.. the two gals that I've dealt with on a regular basis for our networking luncheons are always super friendly and easy to joke around with and that makes it a nice time.  The staff that services our luncheons are always on point and pay attention to our guests needs at all times.  We are very grateful for that.  The food options are very good and they always provide a nice spread for the group.  All in all I enjoy coming here and look forward to checking out the rest of the course in the near future.  Will update my review on the course and play of the course when I can provide more accurate info on the whole course.
1	As noted before. This place is "apparently" great for weddings. As for golfers, I booked this trip coming from PA for a business trip and was told I was allowed to brings alcoholic drinks and they would provide cooler and ice. As we arrived we were quickly told no outside food or drinks were permitted. Beers are $6-9 which is unfortunate as we did not see the drink cart ONCE in our 4 1/2 hour round. The accommodations were horrendous as well as the rude employes who worked there. If I could give ZERO stars I would. DO NOT RECCOMEND
5	Sorry golfers! This is yet another review singing the praises of Wildhorse as an awesome spot to get married!!!!I booked my wedding here based on the absolutely incredible photos of the place online, and it did not disappoint. The view was beautiful, and while it was a little windy, you really couldn't hope for a better day in Las Vegas to get hitched.Ashley, the girl who helped coordinate everything, really came through for me at the last moment when my music man bowed out of the proceedings at seven am on my wedding day. I'm sure she's used to all sorts of last minute craziness, and she definitely had the route down pat, as she had a ready solution for just about any problem. I was worried it might rain the day of the wedding, and she offered me the ballroom in case of that emergency. She also patiently and lovingly guided our group through rehearsal, teaching my flower girl when and where to throw her petals.Overall, it was an extremely well-coordinated experience, and while I doubt I'll ever personally engage her services again, I'd really recommend the venue and Ashley to anyone looking for a place to have an event.
2	GOLF COURSE REVIEW:MEH at best. Trust all the other Yelp reviews for the golf course (and not the banquet/wedding reviews). My brother and I booked a two-some for a Friday morning tee time through www.golfnow.com as we knew we'd be in Vegas and had advance noticed. Our Vegas trip wasn't a golf trip so we didn't want to kill the bank with a high end course over $150. Well...I've heard of Wildhorse and saw that the green fees were reasonable for Vegas standards (still $80). Thinking we only had two in our group, we'd get out there to the starter early and possibly get out earlier than our tee time, wrong. We were stuck behind four or five groups of hacking, loud, partying, beer drinking Canadians. FAIL. Our round was about 5.5 hours! Another FAIL. The driving range was nice and you actually hit off grass but with those kinds of green fees, the course should of gave out free range/warm up balls! FAIL.Course? It was okay and super short. I maybe used my driver (yes, my #1 wood) only 3-4 times out of 18 holes. I mainly teed off with my 3 wood, hybrid and 3 iron the course was that short. FAIL. No challenging enough because I should a 9 over 79 (par 70). I'm usually a bogey golfer. I did manage to make all my good putts. Greens? Dry and slow. Bathrooms on the course? Maybe 1 or 2 out there WITHOUT running water to wash your hands. Just a bottle of hand sanitizer. FAIL FAIL. Drinking fountains on the course? Coolers with cold water and ice for the course? Big 5-gallon ice water dispensers on course? NO...just an empty wooden place to put the 5-gallon dispenser, and no water. FAIL FAIL FAIL. What happens when the weather's 110'f? Yeah..it was only 80'f this past weekend and we had our own water and Gatorade so we were lucky. Water girl? Yeah...they were cute, but unfortunately they came around when we were at hole 3 (yeah early) and hole 17 (we were nearly done with our round). All in all a pretty crappy experience as I rate Wildhorse 2.5 stars at best. We were paired with two other older brothers from NY which was totally awesome. They were funny AF. I guess if you're a Vegas resident, you'd pay a heck of a lot less. Unfortunately for out of towners like my brother and I, we overpaid for this public course. Wildhorse was more of a Wilddonkey in my books. On to the next course.....
2	The fairways and greens still need work. Understand they were just taken over not too long ago, but after playing there a couple of months back and now this Saturday 3/29/2014, they need to get in gear and get the course better.
5	Easy course. Nice course to come out and knock out a quick round. The practice facilities are great. I hadn't played in a couple years so I have spent the last 6 months working my game back into shape and trying to get my drive straight or at least straighter. I am back to about 95%. Definitely a course to score on. 1 is drivable. The par 5s are reachable in 2. 9 is an ass kicker. Too long of the drive and your in in the drink..too short and only a lay up to the right.  Real small green. If I remember right 14 is like a 240 yd par 3..another ass kicker. Overall fairways are good greens are firm and fast. Marshalls are pleasant. Pace of play is fair...lot of weekend hackers..greens fees are good. Price for range balls is high compared to others. Usually see the beer girl 3 or 4 times. Best round so far is 68..would have been better except had 3 bogies that round..best part is that the course management company let's juniors play free. So I take the boys here as they are beginners and let them have at it
4	Always a fan of this place, especially in the summer time when the prices drop as the temp goes up. For a Henderson muni, it's a well run course that threads some housing developments and is fun to play. It's not Bali Hai by any means but its still a great place to play on the weekends or weekdays. I am a huge fan of seeing all the old school Vegas homes that are built along the course which range from McMansion to full on eccentric. There are a few tricky holes that require a layup or you end up in the drink which always ads to the fun. The cart girls are nice and always stocked with cold booze. What more could you ask for?
