3	I shop there all the time, but DANG!! The clerks are just RUDE! They don't know how to smile! The prices are a little on the high-side, but most of the CDs are hard to find, so the prices are understandable. I always have a hard time getting someone to help me when I look for jewelry or beads and I'm NATIVE! lol! I like the Native Pride shirts, they're pretty cool and they're not at Powwow Prices! It's just the customer Service! That and EVERYTHING is Effing Navajo! It's annoying really. I wish there was a more equal representation of various tribes, especially considering that there are 22 tribes in Arizona alone!If you're a non-native, this is where the real natives hang out. They're a little curt, and often rude and won't move no matter how loudly you say excuse me and that's just the customers! The clerks, are very soft spoken and it's sometimes difficult to understand them. They're often rude and have no customer service skills at all! But if you're looking for the authentic place where many artisans get their gear - you'll find it here!
5	Drumbeat is like the best source in town for supplies--well, if you're looking for items to help you make killer regalia for the next powwow!But seriously--the bead selection is great, as well as all the other stuff you need to make beaded items [except I've never gotten any findings there, like barrette backs, but then again I've never asked...]Drumbeat also has the best Pendleton prices in town, so if you need to honor somebody with a Chief Joseph or Yavapai blanket, for gosh's sake give Bob your business.I must respectfully disagree with my fellow NDN that it's not just Navajo stuff there--I've found O'odham gourd rattles, Apache burden baskets and great little hand drums there too. [although I'm really not into the T-shirts, I have so many now that I could never ever wear all my commemorative T-shirts from various dos and events.]Yeah, so the staff's not the friendliest--they're all new, for gosh's sake.Who cares as long as they know where all the stuff is.
4	"How you goin' call us rude!?" "Bitch because ya'll ARE!""Good God Cheryl Miranda - you have GOT to quit calling people bitches!"haha!! love it...Okay okay... that DIDN'T really happen... but it would've been SO cool if it did!! But what DID happen was...there have been some small changes that make all the difference at this small store and for the most part, I really like it. First thing, they have added things representative of other tribes to their stock. I have found Fresh Corn (LOVE THEM!!) Shirts that rep my tribe! (WHOO!) and they are also selling shirts that rep other tribes. The prices for the shirts aren't too bad $22 for one is about average. Also, they have more shawls. I luuuuuuve shawls!! *purrs* Shawls are sometimes painted but usually applicaed (is that spelled right) shawls that are worn at Powwows by women. Some shawls can go for a couple of hundred dollars - and in the past, Drumbeats went for a little higher than $200 - I was have happy to see that they lowered their prices on shawls! :) I now send EVERYONE for them! :)I didn't check their stock of pendletons, I believe their prices are still same but they do have more of a variety of them now - which is good. They now are expanding their stock of Pendleton Accessories!! I SO want a pendleton purse! :D Their jewelry is now more... colorful. which is great. I love color. :) and again - representative of different tribes. Also - they have a couple of more racks of CDs for sale... so they have more of a variety and have extended their Chicken Scratch collection (SCORE!) lol. The clerks still aren't the most outgoing, but atleast they are saying "thank you" at the end of every transaction now. And ONCE in a great while... they'll crack a smile. This a nice turn around for the store and I'm glad. ALSO once in a while (I'm not sure how frequently) there is a small group of Navajo women who sell frybread. They have standard stand prices (nothing over $5 - I believe) and of course have mutton stew and grilled mutton with green chili frybread sandwiches. I like their frybread with red chili... it's really good. So maybe if you're lucky - you'll go when they're there... look for a neon green sign that says "frybread today" along 16tth street! :)
5	Loving this store. It has been there for as long as i can remember. They have the best sage and other herbs. Wonderful children items and fantastic music selection.  They can answer questions you may have about certain things with complete knowledge. Lots of parking and conveniently located. It is your go to place.
5	I love this store, and love that it is so easy to get to.Right on 16th street in the heart of Downtown Phoenix.It truly is the best place for supplies and authentic items.I love the Sage I get here. It is Truly awesome!They have really cool movies here as well, independent films that are really hard to find. I wish that they rented them, but alas you must buy.The staff is always helpful, You can find some really nice things here that you will not find anywhere else.Plus ,the price is very good.If you are looking for a gift for someone that has everything I think this place is worth a look.
5	I have bought my beading supplies and gifts here for years. Nice selection of seed beads and great prices. They have unique hand crafted items for sale also. Convenient location. Friendly helpful sales associates. Valerie is the person I usually deal with. Always a pleasure to shop here.
5	Drumbeat Indian Arts is the site of Canyon Records studios.  When you walk in, there will be a gold record behind the cash register. It's not a fake. Ed Lee Natay in the 1950's basically was the first native american ever to be recorded, singing his tribal songs., A Navajo, his voice was amazingly smooth and clear. At first, some native people were concerned that their heritage was being exploited. But over time others recorded, with Canyon, over the decades, and now, these recordings are some of the most vibrant oral histories remaining. Modern day natives can stay in touch with their lost traditions through the work of  Canyon Records. This is basically the epicenter of native american recorded music. In the present day it's kind of a grab bag of cultural gifts and a social center for like minded individuals. You can get a copy of the Navajo Times here. Besides the music section (Cd's), there are beading supplies, sage/incense, t-shirts, dvd's, an extensive library of books, jewelry, Pendleton blankets and yes every so often the fry-bread truck is there. Oh what a wonderful day that will be my friends. There's an entertaining movie called More than Frybread if you want to know more on that wonderful treat. Drumbeat is where you might buy a copy of More than Frybread. In short this place is hugely historical and own Amazon's "International - North America" genre in MP3 downloads.
