4	Overall, I like this AT&T store.I first time I came in, they helped me adjust my phone budget when another AT&T so rudely and unhelpfully told me nothing could be done.The second time I came in, they took the time and helped me research a semi-obscure discount one of my unions allowed, but help me they did, and my phone bill is even cheaper.This last time, I had to upgrade my phone.My overall experience was decent, but there were a few things I didn't care for which go into "pet peeve" territory.When you enter, they now have a kiosk where someone immediately ambushes you before the door even closes on how can they help you today.  Look.  I'm a man.  I need my "me" time.  I want to explore my options, but I will find someone when I'm ready.  I felt like I was being judged to see how worthy I was for what level of help.I tell the guy I just want to upgrade my phone.  Nothing top of the line.  Something quick, easy, and affordable.  So what does he do?  He tries to upsell me the most top of the line, expensive phone.  No.  Middle range.So the phone issue is resolved quickly, and I start looking at cases.  "Pretty nice case, isn't it", he asks as he shoves an admittedly nice case in my face, to which I agree, yes, it's nice."Yeah, we're definitely picking this one up", he says.  "And it's a bargain at only $50."I stopped him right there.  "WE aren't buying anything like that.  _I_ am going to find a better case online."  Don't speak for me.  Don't assume to make my purchases for me.  How is this suggestive selling?But he was quick and helpful for the rest of the transaction, and was told AT&T will text some satisfaction survey to me.  The first question appeared around 5:30 P.M. - I gave the guy a decent review.The second question?  It texted me at 2:06 this morning, knocking me out of REM sleep.  The main AT&T customer service got an earful from me this morning.  They need a cut-off time for their servers, so this survey issue wasn't the store's fault at all.I still like this store.  They're still helpful, and have done some good things by me, but they need to tone it back a few notches on the suggestive selling thing.  This is new, so I hope it goes away as recently as it was introduced.Settle down.  I'll come back.  I already have.  We're good.
5	Kameron was friendly, helpful and efficient. Much better AT&T store than the location at Rampart andCharleston.  Kameron helped us upgrade our phones and did it without making us wait around.
3	Although I've had great experience with many of the reps here, the last time we went in was because my daughter cracked her iphone glass. The rep told her to go to "iphone doctor" on Charleston. I don't know if he got some sort of kickback from them, but I don't think they should push third party repair places, knowing it will void Apple's warrantee.  Iphone doctor screwed up my daughter's phone, so now we're screwed.  I'm not blaming AT&T for ruining her phone (that would be a one-star), but I don't think they should be pushing people away from Apple repairs. BTW, iphone doctor said it's not their fault even though two other techs have looked at it and said they damaged the mother board.
5	Great crew.  Each person has something special to offer and they all know what they are doing.  My mom switched after 10 years with Verizon because of some Bozo there...  Much happier with AT&T.
