4	I don't usually drop off the dry cleaning but alas sometimes I must help. The poor old man kept using garbage bags for transporting laundry and I was sick of it. I made it into the nice humid space and the man behind the counter greeted me with a cheery face. I bothered him for a reusable bag as some people want to do their part for our planet. He did not hesitate to give me a bag, he is probably happy he will never have to throw away a trash bag of mine again. He proceeded to ask me if the kid could have a sucker and me, always being the sucker I am for strangers with candy I gave in. The kid was happy. C'est la vie.
5	I have been using them for two years. I have always had great service. The cloths are cleaned properly. They usually have it ready in one day but ask they ask for two just in case. They too gave me a bag after I kept dropping the cloths on my way in. They also have an alterations person there. That can be very handy when needed. I would recommend them highly.
5	Still my go to Dry Cleaners. They have never lost, damaged or ruined anything of mine. They are always helpful and friendly. I have used them for alterations to pants, buttons, wifes pants zippers etc. Love em!
2	My red dress came back pink. Many of my items had spots that kind of looked like oil maybe. It is sad when your clothes are returned looking dirtier than they did when you dropped them off. Based on the other reviews maybe they were having an off day. I sure as H won't be back to find out
5	Good guys with great attitudes every time I drop in. They work hard in what has to be one of the hottest jobs in town. As for dry cleaning. The are fair to low priced and honest is the day is long. They found a lot of cash in my suit last week and gave me a envelop with every dollar attached when I got it back. That's getting rate these days.
5	Needed a dry cleaner to clean a couple of comforters, a white one with stains and a darker one covered in fur. Saw this dry cleaner on Yelp with really good reviews so decided to give them a try.They got it done in a few days and came back clean and looking like they never been used. Stain free & free of pet hair.I would definitely come back again for their services.
5	The most friendly and helpful cleaners I have ever visited! I wish I hadn't moved to the other side of town, so I could continue to use them.  You won't be disappointed!
5	Surprise this place doesn't have many reviews . Place stays busy.so on with my review . Well all I can say is there service is at perfection to me . I've heard and experience the horror storys that happens going to the wrong dry cleaners . Trust me that won't happen hear .
5	I was pleasantly surprised when I dropped off nine of my husband's work shirts here and it was only $20.20! There was a line out a door, so you know that they have a good customer base and yet I didn't have to wait long to get in and drop off the clothes. The guy at the counter (who I would like to assume was the owner) made a point to offer my little girl a lollipop every time. He even fronted me the 20 cents since I didn't have anything smaller than a $10 - which is something you do not see. Overall, the clothes were pressed and clean and a great consumer experience. I would definitely recommend Zest Dry Cleaners.
5	I would like to just compliment this place again . There's been numerous times I done had over twenty bucks to three hundred dollars in my pocket that I left in there and this place would tell me when I come pick up my clothes . Trust me they didn't have to tell me and I wouldn't even known . Talk about honesty and loyalty . I will never ever go to another cleaner spot long as they exist !!
5	Always friendly service, good quality cleaning. This is all I would expect, but these guys go the extra mile. I accidentally left $80 in my shirt pocket and they had it waiting there for me when I returned to pick up my clothes. I didn't even know I had left the money in my pocket.I am blown away with that response, especially these days. Considering that kind of integrity, isn't this where you want to bring your clothes and entrust them to these great people?
5	The best dry cleaners in town!!!! They always go the extra mile and I have never been disappointed by them.
