4	Have been going here for the last year and have never had a long wait. TIP: schedule your appointment at the beginning of the day to avoid the wait. Dr's offices always run behind by the end of they day. Took one star off due to the sterile feel at the office.
4	I gave this a four star only because I love Dr. Williams as a person. She is very friendly, personable, and sympathetic. She comes from the same nationality as me so we had a great commonality. Dr. Williams has been our family physician to my grandparents, mother, father, both my sisters, and myself for 12 years (since 2001). She has the same medical assistants which is nice, because everyone will remember you. They don't ask for my last name or any information as they remember who I am when I'm scheduling appointments. During the summer they do not have Saturday appointments, however when the school year starts they do which is very convenient for me since I work a lot. There wait times are not long at all. I love Dr. Williams and Dr. Smith. Both physicians ask how you and your family are doing. Including are really sensitive and have great bed-side manner. They are very thorough physicians. Dr. Williams will order every lab known to mankind but does it because she wants to get to the problem. Dr. Smith will listen to your problems and really try to figure it out as well but doesn't overwhelm you either. Today I went on lunch, from 11:30 and was out by noon: that included checking in, copay, getting pulled to the back, seen by the MA, and then the physician, then get my referral out to an Endocrinologist and out the door. They are pretty fast and efficient. The only thing I don't like is that with all our blood work and lab results they call you back in even if it's one lab result that is abnormal when they could easily say it over the phone but that's not their fault that's a HIPAA procedure. So you can't really blame them. All in all, they are great and very smart with great bed-side manner.
5	I love Dr. Williams and have been seeing her for about fifteen years.  Her wait times are a little extensive, but you can tell that she really cares about her patients.  She spends as much time as is needed to make me feel comfortable with any questions I have and always remembers my kids and  family and medical history.  I absolutely adore her and continue to go even though I know I will have to wait. It's worth it to have a doctor who truly cares about your well being and is willing to do whatever it takes to see you well.
