5	I've seen this taco truck a number of times because my office is right up the street.  I finally ventured over today by foot because the weather was so beautiful!  The smell was very alluring and although I had already eaten lunch and swore I wouldn't get anything, I couldn't resist!  I had a marinated chicken taco with fresh cilantro and salsa verde.  YUMMMMM!!!  The chicken was evenly seasoned and did not overpower the chicken or the fresh salsa.  It also wasn't too spicy..I controlled that.  I will be making this a weekly stop now and I suggest anyone that works near Southpark or off of corporate Arrowood get their asses over to this authentic taco truck!
5	Best burritos  in CHARLOTTE!!!! Get the red (smoky fresh chipotle ) sauce they give on the side instead of the mild green! then Wash it down with a Jarritos Lots of food for the price, feeds two. They give so much more then other trucks. They are parked off archdale close to 77 in front of a hotel during the day.. and at night they are at where the yelp map shows them to be. Cash only, Please tip, and don't try to speak to much english or spanish.. there very friendly but they like to get back to cookin your yummy grub. been patroning them for over 5 years
4	Okay at first glance I was like "not feeling this". The truck is located off of Archdale in front of a Budget Inn and across the street from a mom and pop store. After u get over everyone yelling and cussing each other out over their cells and start to concentrate on the menu options ur hit with another obstacle...everything is in Spanish. If ur like me and have been "meaning to get around to" buying Rosetta Stone but it keeps slipping ur mind then that means your Spanish is either rusty or non-existing :) either way it pays to have someone there who knows what the options r, u have googled the menu words,  or u pray and play! I had a friend their (who actually recommended this place and then insured me it was good on my initial reaction) and she ordered for the both of us. Don't ask me what she said...it was beef and the tortillas are traditional corn tortillas.  If you get everything it consist of lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, cilantro, and onions. The beef is full of flavor though still mild, not any Taco Bell junk here. Two tacos r more than enough. They pile so much on there that I could barely finish the second one. They give you sour cream and slices of limes to add to your tacos and some green chile sauce. You can also ask for the "red" sauce which taste exactly like it smells; an chipotle chile taste (this one takes some getting used too...(couldn't get past the smell). In any case I didn't put any sauce on mine just sour cream and the lime...please make sure u squeeze the lime juice over the taco the flavor awakes your taste buds (seriously, this is what I felt when I first bite in). I made it all the way through the day without my stomach stopping to question me what I was thinking. I will definitely be making this one of my regulars; it's clearly a diamond in the ruff!
