2	I've been to more US Banks than anyone I know.. mainly because I opened my account at the HQ location in Minneapolis and then visited branches all over the twin cities and then all the branches (almost) in Arizona since moving here. By far this is the worst performing branch I've been through (note this is for the drive thru only). The first time I used the drive thru was for a deposit (what I normally do) for my business account. I provided the proper slips, everything was filled out correctly, etc. I drive up, no one is at the teller. I send in the deposit in the transport mechanism. No one shows up. Ring the button, no one shows up. Honk the horn, no one shows up. 2 - 3 minutes later some one shows up and says "Oh sorry I didnt see you back here". Then after a couple minute she comes back and has a snide attitude about my deposit and asks me what my title is with the company. I tell her "Founder/Owner" and she proceeds to send the deposit back to me and asks me to write that on the back of the check next to my existing signature. I'v never been asked that at ANY branch I've been to other than the time I opened my accounts. Finally deposit is done. I've since come back a few times (because its close to my office) and each time I use the drive through, its almost the same experience. No one at the counter, I cant hear them on there old PA system and I have to ask them to repeat what they said over and over. They've forgotten deposit receipts on more than one occasion. The bank it self (US Bank as a general business bank) is ok. But this branch needs some serious work.
5	I recently changed my LARGE bank to US Bank, which was close to my home and seemed to be in many grocery stores when I go shopping. I was a bit skeptical about joining forces with a smaller bank. Since I was new to Arizona, I only knew the top 2 or 3 big wigs out there. They explained everything to me in detail. I went home to sleep on it. After doing research I found out they were 5th in the country for banking and 3rd for mortgages. Hey I felt more confidence, so I decided to go back and tranfer my accounts. Well I didn't realize how easy it was to transition. They treated me as if I have been a customer for years (shocking), while my original bank always made me feel I was going to commit a crime to take my own money out. So I get my debit card and lost the pin, of course who waits for that to come in the mail? I went into the local branch and the banker was so pleasant. She was more than helpful also to come outside with me around the building and show me how to reset my pin and all!  A+ for customer service. When I buy a home I'm going to them for my lending needs as well. Thanks for the peace of mind, since I have so many other things to worry about.
4	Something definitely changed. They're much more responsive, quick and friendly at this branch. I've been much happier there lately.
3	Years ago, I banked here. They were horrible. These days the only reason I come here is to make my mortgage payment. Saturday morning, I was the only one in line. For 10 minutes while a teller conversed with a customer about their grandkids. I get it you want to connect with your customers. Another person working the drive thru  came to the front where I thought he would help me. No such luck. Finally, a woman from the back came out and asked if I had a check deposit or a payment. She finally took my payment. One more reason to hate the big banks.
