5	We love these people. Enough said. My daughter is almost 5 now, and we were originally recommended to Healing Hearts when they opened to go see Dr. Makenna. The night my daughter was born Dr. Khurana was on duty. We were a little hesitant for all of a minute. Khurana came in, went through everything with us, talked to us, checked out the baby, and was wonderful. We worked with her daily for a week with a few health concerns for our daughter and she was attentive, compassionate and perfect. She'd call us personally at home and everything.We later did see Makenna and she was just as nice and wonderful, but we stuck with Khurana because we already had a bond. Somewhere in the first months we also met one of their PAs, Nikki, who became our regular person we see when we go. We adore Nikki. She's funny, smart, attentive to our daughter, works with us, is level headed, and always knows when to call a doctor into the room if she's not sure of something.The practice has grown this past year to another office farther east but we've not been there. They also added more people including Dr Ray, who we really liked, too. Our daughter's not as sick as she was when she was younger so we're not there weekly like we'd been, but this place is very comfortable, safe, and I would trust any child with this staff.
5	This is hands down the best practice we have ever been to. The staff are friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. They are always willing to work in a sick child and they REALLY listen to and work with the parents. Nikki and Deb are the BEST. There is not single doctor or nurse in any of the offices (and we have been to all of them) that we did not like or trust. I recommend this practice to every parent I know and any parent reading this review.
5	I was visiting my parents and my daughter became very sick.  A friend of mine recommended the office.  I was so grateful when they fit me in even though my daughter was a new patient.  Dr. Wilcock was very informative and kind.  The staff was friendly and I was very impressed.  I've been a PA for two years and have had very few interactions with health-care professionals that were this wonderful!
4	Their website says, "Our physicians go to Chandler Regional Hospital and Banner Desert Samaritan Hospital, and see our newborns in the hospitals," but their office staff just told me they, in fact, don't go to Banner Desert and only work out of Chandler Regional.  Bummer!  Otherwise, they seem very reassuring and kind to this soon-to-be-momma.  Their website contains lots of helpful information and direction which this newbie parent appreciates a whole lot.
5	I LOVE Healing Hearts. When I found out I was pregnant I selected this practice on a recommendation from a friend who takes her children there and I knew if they were good enough for her that I would probably love them. WOW! I could not have been more right! I know a mom on here said that they only go to Chandler Regional...however, I had my daughter in the middle of the night on a Saturday at Mercy Gilbert and the very next morning (bright and early on a Sunday) Dr. Wilcock came to check her out. She was so so very kind and she seems to genuinely care about the kids she takes care of. My daughter is now 18 months and we still see Dr. Wilcock for everything! We love Healing Hearts and Dr. Wilcock!
5	I am very happy with my new pediatric office.  We love Dr McKenna and Dr Wilcock - my daughter actually doesn't mind going to the Dr now when she is sick.  I feel that they listen to everything I have to say, never rush me out of the room and it's always pretty easy to get an appointment.  They do have two locations so it's good in that if they can't get you into the Gilbert office, they can get you into Chandler so that works for me.  The staff is always nice too which is very helpful.  The only thing I do wish they did was have a sick room/well room for the kids like other pediatric offices.
1	I have seen this pediatric office up until my 2 month visit for my son.I WILL NOT RETURNI saw Sandra Romero and have never experienced a more rude doctor in my life. She was not friendly whatsoever and rolled her eyes at my questions and concerns. I have chosen to switch to another pediatric office after my experience with her because it was truly that terrible. I don't consider myself that stuffy and choosing to switch doctors is a pain for me, but it's worth it to never have to deal with this woman again.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE!!!  The doctor came to the hospital to give my son a circumcision and while doing it misdiagnosed my son with having hypospadias.  Because of that she had to stop the circumcision and left my son with a partial circumcision.  He just had to get surgery to correct the error that this doctor did.  He had to go under general anesthesia.  It was an awful experience that no one should have to go through.
3	We've been coming here for years.  Dr Khurana was the one we have always seen.  She is great!  Fantastic!  Concerned, thorough, and caring.  But she's booked up for the next several weeks, and the winter school break was a convenient time to do this.  So I accepted a different MD at the office.Today we saw Dr Keane.  Seemed like a nice lady, but she was not at all thorough.  This visit was a simple wellness/physical.  She hardly touched our daughter.  Other than listening to the heart and breathing, and asking "how do you feel", she really did nothing.  When I inquired about birth control pills for her severe menstrual cramps (a routine treatment for that problem) she made it sound like we were asking for experimental radical therapies!  It was absurd.  I suspect she has personal objections to 'the pill', which is even more annoying (since she is to treat our daughter, not impose her own preferences on her).If I could move our daughter to an ob-gyn, I would.  But none will see her until she's 18.  Ditto our adult family doctor.  Seems silly since she's physically an adult now, but that's the policy.  Next physical I will be certain we get Dr Khurana again, and we'll ask that question again about the cramps (assuming she still has them, which she probably will).I rated 3 stars because of Dr Keane.  She's a 2-star doctor, in my opinion.  If it were just Dr Khurana I would give 5 stars in a heart-beat.  I cannot comment on the other physicians in this practice.  We will not see Dr Keane again.
5	This is a great clinic. I took my daughter here about 3 times during our brief stay in AZ. The doctors are great. Based on my experience, I would recommend this place to other parents.
1	We will not be going back to Healing Hearts Pediatrics.I have been taking my son to Healing Hearts since we moved to Arizona about a year and a half ago.  The Wellness Check visits have all been fine, scheduled months in advance, but whenever he's sick, we can't get him in.One time, he was running a fever and throwing up and we called for a same day appointment.  We were told that they didn't have any appointments for another few days but that if his temperature went over 103 we should take him to the ER.  That night, at about 3am, his temperature went to 104 so we took him to the hospital.  Our final bill from the ER was just over $2,000.00 for some Tylenol suppositories.  If Healing Hearts had seen him that day, we wouldn't have had that bill or the trip to the ER at 3am.Today, he was running a fever and I thought, "I won't even call to ask, I'll just show up."  I got my son to their Gilbert office at 8am (right when they open) and told them we didn't have an appointment.  The receptionist said, "Oh, we don't take walk ins."  She did offer me a 9:30am appointment but by that time I was done and did not take the appointment that would make me sit in the waiting room with a sick two-year old for another hour and a half.I asked if the office manager was available and I was told that she worked at the Chandler office.  So, I drove to the Chandler office.When I went up to the counter the receptionist asked if I had an appointment.  I said no, but that I was looking for Mary Ann.  The receptionist asked, "Were you just at the Gilbert office?"  I said that I was and she told me Mary Ann would be out in just a moment.Mary Ann came out to the lobby quickly and listened to my frustration.  After I explained our $2,000.00 Tylenol from the last time and that I was unhappy they did not offer same day sick appointments she said, "The other office did offer you a 9:30am appointment.  We're very busy this time of year so a 9:30am appointment is pretty amazing to find for today."  Basically, I should feel lucky they were willing to squeeze me in.I told her that the Urgent Care was more his primary doctor at this point than his primary doctor was because whenever he's sick I can't seem to get him in, but when he's well, we have no problems.  She explained to me that wellness appointments are usually made months in advance so that why they are easier to get.Isn't that the whole point Mary Ann?  In order to see a doctor at Healing Hearts, you need to schedule your appointment months in advance and you should feel lucky that they are willing to see you.Do not use this doctor's office; when you really need them, they will not care about you and will not see you.  I'm going to find a pediatrician who actually cares about the health of my son and not just the number of dollar signs they can make appointments for in a day.
5	Nurse Nikki is the best!  We always feel comfortable and well cared for at Healing Hearts.  The staff is kind and caring.  Nurse NIkki always gives thorough exams and takes the time to chat with the kids.
1	We used them for a few years and they have been good up until recently. We ended up leaving because they mistaken our son's medical records with another child with the same name. My son ended up extra shots due to the mistake. They need to create a standards of procedure when confirming the identity of their patients.  If you decide to go here, please double and triple check that they are using the correct patient records.
3	This review is for the Chandler office. Front desk staff is relatively nice. Generally, the drs and nursing staff have been nice. Front waiting area could be more upgraded to accommodate kids.I do not really know if the dr staff are all competent or not, since we cant seem to build up any kind of relationship with any of the drs.  (Reason I mention competent for drs is because, after several yrs at the previous dr office,  we found 2 of the drs to be giving errant advice and incorrect diagnoses.  So, we try to make sure the drs seem competent and not just assume, wherever we go.)We haven't had to use the sick visit but one time I think in July (it is now October), and I called in the morning and they couldn't fit us in until the next day. And they said they would monitor the issue at his well visit, which happened today and she didn't mention it or that she saw it in the chart and how was that, or anything.Only 3 stars because my son's specialist recommended him to see Dr McKenna. We have only been able to see her once in in the couple years we have been going here. She is always either at the Gilbert location or on vacation. If we choose to wait for an appt with her, it is often at least a week or 2 or more out.Today we saw a dr who is newish in the practice, Dr Oliden. She seemed knowledgeable and very personable.
