1	New to town with a 9 month old baby, I was wooed by this office's offer of meet & greet appointments, Saturday office hours and their afterhours nurse hotline.  Surprisingly not too many pediatric offices in the Summerlin office seem to offer these services.  But so far we've been here for four appointments and we've waited a minimum of an hour (45 minutes to get into the room then another 15 minutes for the doctor to come in) each time.  Today we waited 90 minutes to be seen and the doctor spent 3 minutes (I kid you not, 3 freakn' minutes!) with my son.  It was INFURIATING to say the least.  I don't know that it's necessarily the doctor's fault but regardless it's unexcusable to keep patients waiting that long.  I've seen both Dr. Laura (Weidenfeld) and Dr. Hwang and the wait times were similar for both doctors.  It's just the way the office is run.  They overbook their appointments and see patients even if they're really late.  So when the doctor finally gets in to see you she's in a hurry because she's behind so she's practically ushering you out the door as you talk/ask your questions.  And the waiting room is a zoo.  Kids running all over the place, touching everything and yelling.  They have a separate area for sick kids but no one enforces the rules.  I've seen plenty parents turn a blind eye as their boogery sick kids run from one side to the other touching everything with their germy hands.  UGH.  I'm just done...DONE with this place.  Your child is likely to catch something from sitting around in the waiting room amongst sick kids for 60+ minutes.  Not worth it.  Go somewhere else.
4	I would have given it 5 stars, had it not been for the wait.  Honestly, the only reason I love this place is because of our doctor.  Dr. Hwang was our on-call pediatrician when I had my son, and although she is a bit socially awkward, she is an amazing doctor!  I live all the way in Aliante, and I drive to Summerlin because I know my son will get amazing care.  I almost didn't use her because it was so far away, but after talking it over, we decided that the distance was worth it, as opposed to "doctor shopping."    The office and waiting room are a bit of a mess.  The wait times are long, and no, they do not really enforce the "sick child" and "well child" sides of the rooms.  I have even seen so many people waiting, that they had to wait in the hallway.  Recently, they called my house two days in a row to confirm an appointment that I made a month ago, saying I was supposed to come in a week before, but that is more of an office mistake than a problem with the doctors.  They seem to overbook appointments so the waiting room wait is at least 45 minutes, and then it's another 15 minutes to wait for the doctor, but like I said, that's more of an office problem than a doctor issue. Dr. Hwang is great with the children.  She is gentle, attentive (she mentioned my son having congestion before I could bring it up to her) and very thorough.  She takes her time and answers all of my questions, and as a first time mom, I have a TON of questions.  When my son had to get circumcised, she referred me to her husband, which I thought was a little odd at first, but he told my boyfriend that she called three times that day to make sure that my son was not only getting the procedure done, but also to check if he was okay!  I have NEVER heard of a doctor doing something like that!  I am so happy with her and I know that although I might have to wait a little while, the wait is totally worth it.
5	I see that quite a few people have been unhappy with the wait and sick kids running around touching things.  Isn't that the case at every pediatrician office?  I think the doctors are great and I especially like Dr. Brooks..she is very smart and thorough!!
5	I love this place, as does my son! Dr. Robertson was amazing, very knowledgeable and so great with my son. Is did not think the wait was bad at all. The staff had excellent customer service. I am so happy we found a great new place for my son!
1	I left this place feeling like I was leaving the twilight zone. The experience was just THAT bad. My sons first check up, he was seen 45 mins past his apt time. I thought OK, one bad time I will give them another chance. Two weeks later, he had a little bug so I made an apt for 1:20, saw the doctor at 3:00pm. The doctor was wonderful, very thorough and helpful and seemed to genuinely care what I was saying. Unfortunately, the Doctors here are surrounded by absolute bottom of the barrel help. It was truly mind numbing. I don't understand who is hiring there for the front desk, well I should say the side desk where you check out but PLEASE PLEASE RAISE THE BAR. I moved to Summerlin, so my children will have the best in care. While I am checking out, I DONT WANT TO SEE a mid twenties woman, with make up all under her eyes, like she hadn't even washed her face that morning, piercings, and arm tattoos. She was so rude, so classless, didn't say please or thank you ONCE. it was literally mind blowing. The woman sitting next to her was no better, I use the term woman loosely.  Please take the time and hire some professional, respectful, staff. It is such a shame that both of the wonderful doctors my son saw for his appointments are over shadowed by the ugly waiting room, long wait times (shameful), and low rent staff.
1	Find another office!! This office is terrible in terms of waiting times, getting you information when needed, making appointments, etc. Plus they overcharge for EVERYTHING. The only reason we went to this office was Dr. Tresa. She is wonderful but the rest of the issues have turned us away. We will be finding another office as there are many to chose from in this town. We were warned by many others not to use this office and now I have seen why.
1	Horrible place!! Changed payment policy couple days before our appointment an didn't bother to tell us before we came in.... Maybe in the reminder phone call?! Could have mentioned that!!! Also paying twice makes no sense, once when you get there and then when you leave.... Doc (Laura) was not very caring or curious about us and our child. She asked all of four questions and was way too busy. We felt rushed and like she didn't even really care. Being first time patients you would think that they would be nicer and take more time to get to know you and the child. Overall I will not be coming back and will be finding a new dr's office. This place is a joke! Oh ya and we waited over an hour and a half before our appointment and another 30-40 mins once we got into a room. With an infant this is completely unacceptable!
1	Awful office. The doctor we saw, Dr Tresa, was fantastic. I have no complaints about her. She was very observant and noticed an issue needing to be seen by a specialist- this was a very early catch. Great job doctor! The office though, ugh. We waited 45 min to be seen, and another 45 min for well child shots. Outrageous. I'm usually in and out for a well child in 45 min. They technically separate children in the waiting room for well/sick but everyone enters the same vitals room so that makes division pointless. I should had stopped there but figured maybe they just had some emergency that day that took a long time. Mind you no one apologized for the insane wait. I had gotten a referral to a specialist that didn't take my insurance and I called the office for a new referral. I called 3 times, left 2 voicemails and ended up going through scheduling and demanding to talk to the referral. Then she didn't want to relieve I had been denied and was hesitant to give me another referral. And the referral she did give she didn't even know where it was to. The last straw was they called me the morning of the appointment to tell me they no longer take my insurance and would I pay cash instead? I cancelled and told them they'd lost my business. The doctors may be great, but considering you have to deal with the office I'd say fun another place.
4	No 5 stars because the wait has been getting pretty long. I have been bringing my daughter here since she was born, she's almost 4 now. I even met with Dr. Brooks & Dr. Robertson before I chose a pediatrician. Dr. Brooks is so nasty! I had to take my child in to the ER twice & she called me back both times as she was the one on-call. When she called back about 2-3 hrs later (both times) she never stated who she was but I recognized her voice & her opening statement was "you called me". Dr Robertson on the other hand is a sweetheart, he loves his job & takes her of his patients. He's a very caring man & is obviously doing the best he can running his practice. We absolutely LOVE him!!The wait time is getting bad but with ObamaCare coming into play soon we should all start to get used to it.
1	Took my little one to see Dr. Laura today, after waiting for 1 hour in the waiting room and another one in the examination room, I decided to open the door because the room was getting hot a rude nurse told me that I needed to keep the door closed, so I asked her if Dr. Laura was going to take longer? She replied that she had 2 more kids to see before us, she didn't even acknowledge the fact that we had been waiting for a long time or at least said Dr. will be here shortly, nothing... Plain rude lady, so after 2 hours and 23 minutes the dr. finally comes in the room and spent a  total of 9 minutes with us!!! She didn't give us any medicine, just the good ole' Tylenol over the counter, I went to the check out desk to deal with another no-manners-whatsoever employee, but at this point didn't even surprise me. We don't need this, for the money that they charge and the amount of employees they have the customer service should be pristine, and from the doctor, after waiting for her for 2+ hours, she should show at least a little interest on the little patient. Kids are kids and is hard to keep them entertained for that long of a time, especially when they are not feeling great. If I could give this place a minus star rating, I would have done it in a heartbeat. As a parent I can only recommend you to stay clear from this place.
4	We saw Dr. York and he was excellent.  Friendly, capable, and knowledgeable. The staff were very friendly and very helpful.  The reason I gave them four stars is because of the wait time.  Our appointment was for 4:30pm and we did not see the doctor until 5:36pm.  For a 2 year old, that is a lifetime.  I get the feeling that the person scheduling the appointments is doing it in 15 minute windows with no allowance for people who are late or people who need more time, so that by the end of the day there is a huge back up.  The scheduling is inefficient and really damages what would otherwise be a great experience.  I will definitely be coming back, but I will be picking the FIRST appointment of the day,
5	Have not even taken my children to Sunshine Valley Pediatrics, that being said just made an appointment for my boys. I wish I got the receptionist name that helped with making the appointment because she was so pleasant and helpful. Very accommodating actually asked if my children were more comfortable with a male or female doctor. I am actually looking forward to taking my children to the doctors for a well check...
1	Wait us awful.  Changing to a new doctor. Every time we sit and wait, wait, wait, we are leaving. The staff just don't care. They just schedule and schedule.
4	This place isn't anything super special, but I haven't had a bad experience here yet  and we've been coming for at least two years. Sometimes the wait can be longer than expected but if you're not on a time crunch or impatient then it's not a problem. Dr Laura and dr Theresa are really sweet and dr Robertson is cool too. Some of the nurses are more gentle and quick with vaccines than others, but no one has given me a reason to be upset with they way they handle my child. The front desk receptionists are very nice and informative. Check out is pretty fast. Prices without insurance...honestly I don't know what to compare it to because this is the first year I've been a 'cash patient', but I didn't find it to be unreasonable. All in all it's been a 'typical' experience having my kid as a patient here. But in happy enough with their services to drive out of my way to continue to see these doctors/nurses.
5	I take my baby to see Dr York. Although he looks young (mid 30's?) he is an awesome doctor and knows what he's doing. I always book the first appointment of the day if possible as they do have about 6 doctors on staff so the rooms do fill up quick in the middle of the day. The one late appointment I had to make after work only resulted in a 20 min wait in the waiting room. They play childrens movies on the tv's in the waiting room and have a childrens toy for the toddlers to stand around and mess with. If you do have a medical question for the doctor you do have to leave a voice mail and they return your call within 24 hours. If I call in early enough in the morning I usually get a response that day. I highly recommend this office. Parking sucks, but the office has no control over that as its on hospital grounds.
5	I personally I love Dr. tresa. I love the office, the nurses, everything. People are talking about the wait but I have never waited more then 10 mins in the lobby . I get appts quick. What I love more is Dr Tresa. She actually cares and remembers everything that has happened. I took my, at the time, 4 month old son to the ER. She found out about it and she herself called me to see how he was doing. She had me come in, and after the appt, a couple weeks later she called me at work to see how he was doing. She has been nothing but amazing!
1	don't go there!!My daughter had a 9 o'clock appt. we arrived at 855,when they FINALLY called us up for payment we had already waited 40 min,and they told us that are appt was at 940(they must have changed it)I said ok,fine thats in 5 min anyway.so,at 10:15 I went back up there to ask how much longer because my daughter only needed a shot and was missing school,why cant a nurse just give it to her,they said no,she needs to see the dr.:(,why cant she just see another dr then.nope.(sorry,went off topic a lil bit :) )well anyway,they told me it was going to be at least a min.of another 30 min.(wtf Seriously,for a shot)that was just to be called back,then what another hour for the dr to even come in.I said fine just cancel my appt,and I left.they just lost 5 patients,and I'm going to a new Dr.
