4	Also known as Wallace and/or Gilbert Town Center Cinema, this theater is often much less crowded than surrounding options --even on opening weekends. Clean and cool. The service is typical of minimum wage workers and the ambiance uninspired. Still, it's refreshing not to have to park miles away or fight hordes of pre-teens just to see a Saturday night flick.
5	This is one of my favorite theaters.With that said, I suggest you prepare yourself for having to wade through an onslaught of pre-teen cliques if you plan on making your way to the ticket counter on a Friday or Saturday evening.If you're like me, safety is a concern.  Not to worry here.  I've always seen an officer on premises during the main drop-the-kids-off / pick-the-kids-up window.This location still has a new feeling to it, and it is clean and cool.  Nice cushy seats with cup holders, and I have yet to hear the soles of my shoes stick to the floor as I walk down an aisle.My favorite seats are the ones with the railing in front.  A place to perch my feet.-Swoop
3	Great place to catch a movie if you don't like crowds. The theaters themselves are fairly small, and because the facility is much smaller than Harkins it can only run popular movies for a few weeks before replacing them with the new stuff. The seats are "old style" and don't recline (how spoiled have we become!) and the popcorn is terrible. BUT it's really close to my house, the parking is easy (tip: go around to the back of the theater) and the price is actually decent. First showing of the day (every day, every movie) is only $5 per person. You can buy tickets online at Fandango too (even for the $5 show).
4	It is lovely little theater that offers a great movie experience. Never a crowd, theater is clean and the snacks are what you would expect - popcorn, candy and soda. Stop by Wine Expression before or after and have a great afternoon
5	I really like this theater because it is a little out of the way and apparently unheard of, judging by the lack of patrons.  They have the latest movies, stadium seating, and none of the lines.  The theaters are smaller than those at bigger chain theaters, but since there are less people in attendance, this has never proven to be a problem.  I go most often on weeknights or for weekend matinees and on a couple of occasions have enjoyed the theater to myself and my party - can't beat a "private" showing!
2	I recommend you try a different theater: perhaps the nearby Santan village theater? While waiting for the movie to start my husband and I could clearly hear the movie next door. At first we wondered if that would interfere with our movie, but we needn't have worried. It was SO LOUD it was painful and I literally put in my earplugs (I always carry some as I'm a musician) and heard everything with perfect clarity. The earplugs stayed in the whole movie. It was ridiculous. Also, the bathrooms were disgusting. It looked like nobody had ever cleaned the toilet bowls and half the fixtures were broken. I can see why there were only 3 other patrons in the theater and hardly any more in the rest of the complex. The theater itself was clean and the staff was ok (the popcorn sucked), so this gets 2 stars.
4	This place is a little hard to find, it's way in the back of the Gilbert Towne Center.  I ended up here because I had a fandango gift card and only a couple movie theaters in the area allow online purchasing with it.  That gives them the fourth star ;)I was early for my movie and you could clearly hear the movie playing in the theater right next to it, I was concerned it would be distracting once my movie started, but it was a non issue.The seats are as comfy, come with cupholders and from the inside looks like every other theater I've been to recently.  The only drawback here is the last movie of the day is around 7pm.  At least that's true on the current schedule.  I came here for a matinee and it was almost empty - I'll follow the other reviewers notes and not come on a Fri/Sat night.
4	I've been going here since I moved to Gilbert about 5 years ago and I've always been happy with the service. I just hope it doesn't close down because it is empty there pretty often. This is a good theatre I recommend for those looking to go see a movie at a place that may not be crowded like AMC or Harkins,.
4	Pretty solid theater.  A little hard to find though because its all the way in the back of the plaza.  Its one of only 2 theaters in the area that accepts Fandango so we had to come here pretty much.  Saw The Lincoln Lawyer.  Good flick.  Seats were comfy, staff was friendly, concession prices were fair.  The clincher though was the popcorn.  It was delicious.  I got a small and it was only $5.25.  I made it through the whole thing without one bad piece.  Not one kernel in sight!  Thats like finding a 4 leaf clover haha!  I was very impressed!
3	The BF went here to see Bad Teacher last night as we had gotten a living social deal for fandango and wanted to try a new theater. This place was not very busy for a friday night, which was fine with me. It was a bit strange because the lights were completely on in the theatre when we went in.... you could really see how messed up the curtains on the walls were and how the theatre really looked (normally the lights are dim so you can't see these things). Despite this, when the lights went down, it looked the same as anywhere else. One really awesome thing about this place is if you go to their website, you can sign up for this theatre's movie club and get a free medium popcorn (which is giant!). I would go back here if I got another free popcorn... otherwise there's nothing super special about this place.
4	We like this place. From now on we will keep going to this moviehouse since it has a nice parking space for disabled. Lots of shade and pushing someone in a wheelchair is much easier. Shades, Shades all over the place and we loved it,
3	I generally like this theater because it seems to NEVER be croded and is very easy to get in and out of.... However, any business that charges $17 for 2 bottles of water and a single box of candy will never get more than 3 stars from me unless the service that goes with that cost is exemplary, which in this case it is not.  A fine place to see a movie, but bring your own munchies.
2	It's a tradition in my family that the birthday person gets to pick a movie and we all go see it. Not wanting to deal with the holiday crowds, I foolishly said "Let's go to the theater in Gilbert! It was always really nice, and busy but not nearly as hectic."And it was. Was being the operative word. Hectic? It's a ghost town. And it's not hard to see why. The seats are torn and filthy, I literally got stuck to the floor, the popcorn was stale and inedible, and the whole place now has the pallor of a business circling the drain.During our delightful visit to this "premium theater experience" in a "clean, convenient and modern theater" (that's Hollywood Theaters' promise, anyway), I could barely suppress my urge to leave and my brother couldn't suppress the urge to give me crap about it. Speakers were blown, the picture was lousy, I felt like I needed to bathe in bleach afterward... We should have just braved the Harkins at Chandler Fashion Center.While I practically lived here for several years, ain't no way I'm going back after my last experience.
4	Hard to find, but worth it! Lots of film choices, clean & cool.Not crowded, but it should be. Lots of parking.Go here . . . keep it open!
5	They were having technical problems, and instead of telling us we were out of luck, they did their best to fix the issue, we stayed for the movie, and they gave us 2 passes for each ticket we purchased for future movies, or they offered us a refund. I took the tickets as this is one of my favorite theaters! Never crowded, and prices are equivalent to others in the area. A hidden gem!
1	The free popcorn is such a lie. I signed up before hand and they said they needed the actual paper even though they had the bar scan code and numbers right in front if their eyes. They admitted it was misleading but just shrugged at me. Undermanaged too. Expect to wait. Bad taste in my mouth.
3	This place has nothing on Harkins but it's still a good option to watch a movie.  The concession stands are painfully slow.  Usually movies run for longer at this theater than they do at AMC or Harkins, which is nice.
4	Love this place. It's a secret theater tucked behind a shopping area. They just switched over to Regal Cinemas from Hollywood Theaters. I am there several times a month. If you go during the week, there is a high chance that you will have the theater to yourself or might share the movie with another couple. We have gone on opening weekends and there are still seats despite the movie is sold out at other nearby theaters. I bought the popcorn refill bucket for $15. It's got a picture of minnions on it and is good for the rest of the year. Every time I come, I get a bucket of popcorn for $3. It beats the $7 large popcorn price every time I see a movie. So the downside of a slow theater during the week: one staff member inside the theater who sells you the tickets and then hops behind the concession stand to sell you the snacks. Of course, the popcorn is not very hot since it's been sitting. But the puzzling thing is I have had their popcorn immediately after being popped and it's still not hot. Maybe to prevent a lawsuit against someone burning their tongue eating popcorn that is too hot.  Either way, I love this place!
2	People: STOP TALKING DURING MOVIES! This theater wasn't that busy (there were only about 6 other people in the weekend matinee with us) but all six of them talked the ENTIRE TIME. I went to alert the employees and they came in the theater but nobody was asked to leave. I think talking must be a real problem here because it just seemed like the norm. This place has been purchased by Regal Cinemas (yay!) so make sure you scan your Regal loyalty card for extra points. You can rack up free snacks and tickets quickly if you go to the movies as often as I do. This is an OLD and outdated theater. It has "stadium seating," but it's with those super old, super uncomfortable seats that don't move. The screen was on the small side and the sound was adequate but this is far from your state of the art moviegoing experience.They have Pepsi at the snack bar but since most Regals have Coke, I asked and they said they would be switching over to Coke at some point. The popcorn was just "meh," even though they had just popped it fresh. I did like that they had the self-serve butter flavored grease machine so you can load your popcorn with as much of that stuff as you wanted.
3	Understaffed on a Friday night. Not very busy but we spent a lot of time in line. Seats are nothing special, but not gross. I don't think they should be able to charge as much as other theaters with comfortable seats and adequate service. It should be like $7 or $8 for nights and 5-6 for matinee. Not horrible, but not as good as other $10 theaters.
5	They have renovated this theater from the last time I've been there. ALL NEW LEATHER RECLINERS. The seats are amazing now. They don't have as many seats in each theater because they have the recliners.For food prices, still high, but for the drinks they give you a 52oz instead of a 44oz like other theaters. Great sound system and video projectors also. BUT THE RECLINERS THO.
5	Have not been to this theatre for awhile and  boy did it change. Now has wonderful electric reclining seats just like you can get in a really nice home theater.  Plenty of room for stretching out. Cup holders and a place for your popcorn. You can even go online to buy the tickets with assigned seating. So now I don't have to show up an hour early to get a good seat. Clean and not crowded. Try it oncw and you will be glad you decided to come back to this theater.
5	Holy crap! I'm never going anywhere else! These chairs are AWESOME! Even the front row seats aren't bad. You can recline completely and watch while lying down.  The only downside is that it is so comfortable that I almost fell asleep.
5	Outstanding!!! Seats with reclining footrests, awesome stadium, great people. New favorite theater.
4	Loved the stadium recliner seats - this is a super KID-friendly area and the theatre was packed with the wee ones. Good if you're in the parent zone, but if you're not....
5	This is place is great because I hate crowds. Most movies I've seen here, I've been the only one in the theatre. It's a lot smaller than other theatres and the popcorn is really, really salty, but they have these new recliner seats that are exactly that- a recliner! Huge ass cup holders and you put your feet up and lean all the way back. It's amazing! I don't want to sit in another uncomfortable theatre seat. Never again. This is my new place!!!!
5	OMG, this is my new go-to theater.  Assigned seating, recliners, cup holders.  This is like the dream living room!  It's a Sat night.  How is this place not sold out?  Loving it!
5	Haven't been here since a year ago and was surprised since my last visit. They have all new electronic reclining leather chairs that almost go flat. Small yet spacious auditoriums with assigned seating when you purchase tickets. Considering it was a Saturday, it wasn't very busy compared to the Harkins at Santan or Crossroads at Germann. The tickets are about the same (if not exactly) for a much better and more comfortable experience. It's Gilbert's movie theatre secret.
3	I liked the new recliners but my experience was just okay. We got there at 10 minutes before our movie started and ended up getting into the theater 5 minutes late. They were not selling tickets in the normal box offices but instead you had to wait in a line that was near the concession stands. The line was all the way out the door and they only had one person selling tickets and also ushering. We bought our tickets only to find out it was reserved seating and we were given two options but we were meeting friends and neither accommodated to 4 people sitting near each other. The guy also didn't make a very good impression of the theater and acted very bored and irritated. When our friends bought they're tickets we told them our row so they glanced down at the screen to see and the guy snapped at us and said "there's no seats near them. You can choose here and here" so the long line and reserved seating were hassles but the recliners were nice.
5	I never have anything bad to say about this place.  If you haven't been here yet, now is a great time to check out the best kept secret theater in Gilbert!  This place must have just gone through a renovation.  All the seats are Extra Wide Leather Recliners!  No more fighting for cup holders, each pair of seats has 3 cup holders.  The leather seats are so comfortable that I almost fell asleep, which I never ever do.  They also do assigned seating now.  Not that you need it, really...there isn't a bad seat in the house.  I was in the 2nd row and it was quite nice with the reclining seat.  Do yourself a favor and join the rewards club because after you experience this, you will be back.
4	Went there for the first time last night and boy was I surprised. I read the reviews before I got tickets and boy was I happy I did. Ordered our tickets online and RESERVED our reclining seats. The prices weren't horrible but boy is it expensive to see a movie in theaters. Didn't even bother with snacks because they looked pretty pricy as well. Since we bought our tickets online, all we had to do was go in and have the ticket person scan our phone to show the ticket. The person told us the theater number and our seat number and off we went. I was so pleased by the seats. I have a bad hip and sitting in the normal seats for too long hurts but this seat reclined all the way and I was comfortable though out the whole movie. I would only go back to this theatre. And the main reason is because of the seats!
5	The theater has recently renovated and still smells like new carpet and leather. Seating is now large leather recliners. The theater never seems packed (major plus) and is now the most comfortable movie experience I have had. Seating is also reserved now, making it far simpler for large groups to sit together without the seat-saving fiasco of the 1990's (See Seinfeld "The Movie" Season 4, Episode 14).A very enjoyable experience, I hope I never have to go to a crowded Harkins or AMC again.
3	Seats were comfy and popcorn tasty... Overall facility was adequate. Good price for a recliner seat! Not impressed with the cleanliness of the bathroom.
2	This theater was recently upgraded with 'luxury' seating and more restaurant-like food options.  Along with this came higher ticket prices and long wait times to get tickets because seats are assigned now.  I used to love to bring my kids here because we could see a cheap matinee and get popcorn & drinks with the money we saved on tickets.  Yesterday we showed up 15 minutes before our showtime and there was a very long line waiting in front with one person selling tickets.  We were still waiting when the showime started and by that point I was close enough to see that it would be $10/ticket to get in.  We decided to leave and I don't think we'll be coming back.I understand that theaters are suffering because of declining attendance and are trying to create a more 'luxury' experience to justify higher prices, however they need to fix the wait times for tickets.  This theater has moved from a regular destination to a couple-times-a-year splurge and with other theaters like Alamo Drafthouse opening around town with the same or better amenities they're going to need to step it up to survive.
4	Drove by this place a few times since I moved to the Chandler/Gilbert area but finally went in this past Tuesday.  Looked it up online and saw that it had nice seating so thought we would give it a try.  We parked and it didn't even look like it was open, only 10 cars in the parking lot.  Walked up and they were open.  My boyfriend was hungry so he ordered a hotdog and a drink, the lady let us know that they only "put out" hotdogs on weekends but they could microwave one.  He said that is fine because we do that at home.  They microwaved that hotdog to death!  My boyfriend took 1 bite and had to spit it out...it was crunchy inside.  We walked back up and let them know and he asked for the nachos instead.  She said she would have to do a refund and we would have to pay the difference...we said ok, he was hungry and there wasn't anything else around.  While we were waiting two kids on skateboards walked in and said that a truck in the back had a hole in a window and broken glass (someone broke into).  The employee said it was her truck.  So don't park in the back.  We got out nachos and went into the movie. We saw Big Hero 6, which was awesome.  The seats were very nice and it was enjoyable from there.  Wish they had more food to pick from.  Next time we will be sneaking some food in my purse.  I would recommend this place to others...but I would agree with other people to buy your tickets in advance.  We got luck it was a slow night.  Also they do student discounts for $7.50 a ticket...which they did not post.  So it is the same price is not cheaper than some other movies.
