3	This is your standard Tex-Mex 'order at the counter' joint. You go through an assembly line, where you choose your meal...and then you choose between black and pinto beans, several different types of salsas, and of course cheese, lettuce, sour cream, and guacamole (which is 95cents extra!). My significant other LOVES Qdoba, and I swear before I came along he ate here at least 5x/week. Now I try to keep us to twice a month, if I can.  We often get it as take-out on one of the busy weeknights that I don't feel like cooking. In fact, I can't remember the last time I ate IN here.It can be really good and fresh, but they are VERY inconsistent. Sometimes it's excellent, sometimes not so much. If you go in within 45 mins to an hour before they close (for takeout/fast food, mind you) - they aren't likely to cook you up a fresh batch of anything. If they are out of chicken, they are out of chicken. Seems a little crazy to me, but there you are. I usually eat vegetarian here... the cheese quesadilla with pico and salsa verde, or the naked vegetarian taco salad are my go-to dishes.Back in the day when they were called Zteca (who else remembers that?) they served margaritas. Wish they would bring them back!
3	Q-doba is probably not a place you'd make a special trip across town to visit.  But if you're shopping in Matthews, give it a shot. Located in the Sycamore Commons Shopping Center, this place is between Jimmy Johns and Stool Pigeons.I always get the taco salad.  They fill up a taco shell bowl with ROMAINE lettuce (not that pale substitute...Iceberg, is it?), shower it with spicy ranch, and your choice of fresh salsas.  Its a definitely a meal when you add the toppings.  The service is normally good.  The young, fresh faces serving you haven't been stripped of all hope in humanity (yet).  The place gets packed at random times.  But its pretty certain that after church on Sundays (hey, this is Bible Belt), they will be a bit rushed.  A little pricy, but definitely worth a few $$$ more than Toxic Bell.
1	Yuck!!!!!! I know not to expect anything great at a fast food place but my money would have been better spent  at Taco Bell. The chicken was fatty with a nasty seasoning. For what we paid we could have had a great meal at Azteca.
1	I used to be a Q'Doba fan.  But it will probably be a long time before we return, at least to THIS location. A visit to the men's room before the meal tipped me off to a decline in the quality of this location. Toilet paper was stuck between the stall door and the stall wall to fill in a "I see you" gap.  The wall board was also buckled.  Finally, the paper towel dispenser produced little paper.Food wasn't good either. Had the Poblano Pesto Naked Burrito. Mrs. had the Mango Salad.  The chicken in both was hardened and a turn-off. Sorry Q, you won't be seeing us for a long time.
4	I enjoy Qdoba. I frequent this location often. I switched to it from Chipotle because I like the extra options I can get with my food. The staff is always friendly and fast. Perhaps it's because I come in enough for them to just start my food when they see me. It is the only Mexican food I eat with any regularity and I will continue going to it in the future.
1	My daughter and I went to this Qdoba for lunch several months ago. There was a mouse running along a ledge close to the ceiling. Almost fell in this woman's food. Worker said they kept the place very clean. He was very nonchalant. Will never eat there again.
4	I have actually always had great experiences at this one with no complaints. Food, service, and cleanliness was always above par.
5	Love the food and it's a great price. The food as yet to dissatisfied me! It's always very quick too if you're on a lunch break. Very clean environment and nice outside patio for nice days when you want to sit somewhere clean and non crowded.
