1	Not a very good store in my opinion.  The prices are about 15% higher than other stores nearby.  It's fairly clean and service is what you expect from a Walgreens.... Crappy.I can't stand the check out system of these places and others like them (CVS).  Just horrible.And the check out process is WAY too long.Avoid!!!
4	This has to be the most impressive WalGreens store around the west valley.It's huge and has a great selection of products.  What really stood out is their section that simulates a Circle K or Quik-Trip.  Want an ICEE?  Yup, they have an Icee machine. I even considered buying one of their gourment-type sandwiches/wraps/salad/dessert.It's a 24 store and has a very well lit cosmetics area.  I can't wait to go back!
5	The staff here are really friendly ( especially Julie)... I've been going here since i moved out here from California in 2007... Love  how clean it is..
5	Store is beautiful and the employees are very helpful!
4	This was the only place open on Xmas eve night.
1	Used this pharmacy on two occasions for my sons medicines since it is 24 hours . The first time they said it would be ready in 20 , went back 30 mins later and they hadnt even started my order !! Second time same thing happened except they said they didnt have the stuff to make it there and sent us to the Walgreens on 107 ave and mcdowell and when we got there the lady said I dont know why they sent you here I cant make this!! Went back to other walgreens and demanded to speak to manager and what do you know he got the pharmacist to make it he was just to lazy to make it the first time!! Never again will I use any Walgreens locations , they lost a loyal customer!!
3	Nice store design, but pharmacy is slow as a geriatric slugWalgreens is our neighborhood drugstore. It's clean, bright, and has a fresh design.  Would be four stars, minus the glacial movement of the pharmacy section.  Picking up basic scripts takes 20 to 30 minutes, even if using the "express" lane.  I guess one could bring a book.  At least a novella.  Maybe the Lord of the Rings trilogy. The prevalence of motor scooters will help with transportation.
1	so i don't know what happened here, this pharmacy used to be on top of it. now they take a long time to get to drive-through customers, long wait times and rude pharmacy techs.
