1	AVOID ! This place is just ridiculous. Staff is really bad and their have such an attitude that makes you think they forgot they are not the customer but that you are!! Drinks are overpriced for the area ! Go west 3 blocks and you'll pay 3$ less for a pint for similar food. This place tries to be a cool Old Port hip restaurant but given the area, their price and the inexperienced staff (or just dumb staff) it just doesn't work. Will never go there again
4	Disagree with Martin K.  I attended their official launch night and the food was amazing and so was the service despite how incredibly busy it was.
4	Middle ground between the two extant reviews. Martin K. is correct in noting that the drinks are somewhat overpriced (e.g. $9 for a glass of sangria). However, I've dined here several times, at multiple hours of the day, and have nothing but good things to say about the food. The "saucisses du moment," the "vegetarian tartar, and their take on BBQ is smashing. The fries are also somewhat amusing in that, in what i take to be somewhat of a piece of culinary humor, the chef seasons them with the same BBQ powder (or an analog) that one would find on BBQ chips.
3	Stylish spot, especially in the comfy but elegant front window booth. Had very friendly service, and delicious charcuterie. The cocktails weren't ideal, flavours a little muddled and over sweet, not just according to me but also according to the professional cocktail slingers I had the pleasure of dining with that night. I dig Masson and window seats so I'll probably come back and see how things evolve here at Quai no4.
2	Overrated. It's a good place for drinks but so not worth it for dinner. The place gets really full and it's hard to hear the people in front of you. Plus, some tables are right in the middle of the action- makes it hard to eat!! I'd go back for drinks but the food wasn't worth the trouble.
3	Very good beef tartare with salad. Also had the atomic lemonade that was very good. Great service, great decor and good price.
3	A friend and I arrived there about 15 mins early and the host dude made space for us which was awesome of him. Once we ordered it took a hell of a long time to receive our orders but the barman apologised and gave us a free shot. I ordered the surf & turf which for the price was unbelievably small and not really that good. My friend ordered the fish & chips which was a bigger portion but still not really worth the money. The drinks were overpriced as well. When it came time to pay they don't accept debit only credit card and cash. They have an atm by the toilets which took me multiple attempts to take money out as it's a very old machine and times out when connecting to the bank.The saving grace for this place to me was the staff which were all pleasant to deal with from the host to the barman and the waitresses.
