4	Fast, convenient, Chinese fast-food in the middle of Phoenix. This location receives a tremendous amount of traffic, but rarely runs out of food (causing a delay). Have rarely seen the place dirty, and have never had to wait more than 10 minutes.. All in all, a great, quick stop for Orange Chicken!
4	Even though it's a chain not all chain's are bad. I kept being taunted by my TV one day and thought I would try the Panda.Well I like the new Bejing Beef with lo mein noodles. It is pretty tasty, quick and convenient. The egg rolls I didn't really care for. But the pepper chicken is good. This location stays busy so food is usually fresh and hot.
3	I like Panda Express in general - it is some of the better "chain" Asian food in my opinion. But after eating here today for lunch, I got a really hard MSG crash. My coworker reported the same thing. The only thing that will really make me crash hard like this and desperately want a nap is MSG. Service was really slow today (Monday @ lunch). I had went to this location about a week ago on a Saturday and service was much better, and no MSG crash. I'm sure Panda Express will deny they use MSG, but I'm certain they do.My favorite dishes are: the veggie spring rolls and the Beijing beef, though I think the spring rolls might be the MSG culprit.
3	This was my choice for lunch to go last Wednesday.  I have been in this location at least a dozen times.  It always seems to be pretty busy (and noisy).  Today I chose the Sweet Fire chicken and the Honey Walnut shrimp, both items are not on their standard menu.  As usual I got the chow mein with mine, it is easier to eat with chop sticks than rice.  The food and service were fine and I was definitely full when finished.
5	I enjoy stopping by after shooting hoops Sunday nights. The store is well ran. Clean store, fast service. No surprise that they have a line to the door at 9 pm on Sunday nights.
5	Yum! It was great customer service we received. This has got to be the only panda express with a giant logo! I already had panda express like a thousand times so it's nothing unique from my taste bud. (I used to work at panda) the food came out fresh and the place was really clean.
3	Good food. Okay service. Every time I've been here it gets busy at different times and hours during the day even at night when they are about to close. I don't know why this place is always packed.
