5	The knock off by PF Chang's!Great food, but more moderately priced then their upscale sister restaurant.  You MUST have their edamame...delicious!  All the food is consistently good and fixed fast.The serving staff at this location is always very friendly and helpful.
4	I can only give it 4 stars since it's a chain restaurant.  Owned by the same folks as PF Chang's the food is awesome and cheap. Love the Mongolian Beef. Will have to say goodbye to it once I go veggie.....at least they also have great veggie plates....
4	I thought the prices here were very reasonable, and the teriyaki bowl was delicious: the meat was very tender and the vegetables were fresh and crisp. I hope they expand their menu in the future.
4	Basically, this is "P.F. Chang's Lite": Same sort of food (including those tasty lettuce wraps), smaller menu, and less hands on service from the waiter (meaning you make your own "Chang Sauce" or whatever they call it).  It also means less lines and wait time to be seated, and is cheaper than the full-on restaurant.The food and service have been consistently good, and they have some sort of new reward card system (buy enough meals, get one free).  I was feeling a little playful today, so when the server handed me the card, I said "This is the greatest moment of my life", upon taking it, to which she just looked sort of confused at me, until I offered that I was just joking.  She still just stared curiously at me as she rang my meal up.  I didn't realize I had caused such a conversational faux paus.Ironically, my post-dinner fortune read as follows: "Others appreciate your good sense of humor today."  No, no I don't think that was the case for this particular dining experience.  But at least I mixed my "Chang Sauce" just the way I liked it today.
3	I went to this location for the first time when my family came in from out of town to visit me. I had never been to Pei Wei and had no clue what to expect. We were at the Marshalls that's in the same area and when we passed by, my Mom saw their sign and wanted to eat there. If she wasn't with me, I wouldn't know what the heck to do, not that I wouldn't have figured it out, the layout is just weird.They have these really tall menus, usually 3 of them, side by side and go from the ceiling to the floor right when you walk in, take a look at what you want then you walk over to the cashier to pay, they hand you a number, pick a place to sit and they'll bring your food over to you. Drinks are self-serve and food is served on dishes and you use sileverware, not paper plates & plastic utensils. I felt like I was at PF Changs by the decor, food and staff but the process of ordering and serving felt like Panda Express.I ordered the Lo Mein. I have no complaints. The noodles were cooked right, they include whole green onions rather than slicing them up. The size and amount of mushrooms was good, love those! The dish did the job but it wasn't over the top.Overall satisfying experince, just not mind-blowing enough to where I'd visit much more frequently and to where I can write anymore..
2	Went with my boyfriend one day while on this side of town. We were both famished and ordered it to go so we could sit outside with our puppy. We started with beers, which came with an icy cold glass- a nice touch. Beers were $3.50-4 a bottle, which is fairly reasonable. The restaurant has a quick turn over and fills up quickly. It's interesting being able to see the cooking going on in the background, though it feels awkward standing around waiting for your order. It's essentially a chipotle for asian food but a little fancier looking. I ordered the chile ramen with beef- essentially a lot of msg-laden egg noodles [like pancit] in a ponzu-mirin sauce with a little bit of beef and a few vegetables. It wasn't what I had anticipated and while it filled my gaping belly, wasn't something I'd ever order again. There was hardly any beef and the whole package was essentially stuffed with noodles, a super cheap ingredient. My boyfriend got a chicken dish that was recommended by the hostess but it had very little chicken, no veggies and tons of rice. Maybe it was because we ordered it to go...I'd eaten at other Pei Wei locations in town but it had been years ago, and the experience hadn't excited me enough then to draw me back over. I'd rather spend my money somewhere else and get a delicious meal as opposed to a wimpy one.
2	Asian food that tastes little like authentic Asian food -- even less than something like a PF Changs, I can't say I was impressed. I won't be returning to this place.
4	I came here after work today to do carry out. I only come here for one item and that's the Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls. They are addicting and filling even though it only comes with three rolls. These have chicken,lettuce, fresh mint, carrots, peanuts ,rice noodles, with a taste of lime vinaigrette rolled in a rice wrapper. It comes with sweet chili sauce and Thai peanut sauce on the side. My personal favorite is the peanut sauce. I enjoy doing carry out because it's ready for me to pick up right after work. When I call in my order it's quick and fast because by my phone number they can tell what I ordered last time. I was recently made aware that they also have a frequent diner card there too. I just started using it today so I don't know their point system. If it means every once in a while I can get these rolls for free then I'm in!
3	Pei Wei is the fast food version of P.F. Changs. When I say 'fast food', I don't mean there is a drive thru, the food is pre-made, and deep fried. P.F. Changs took a bunch of their more popular dishes and created a more casual atmosphere for the 'on the go' person or family. How it goes:Walk inCheck out the menuOrder at the counterTake a numberGrab a seatFood will be served at your table The food is just as great, the service different because it requires more work on your part, and the meals could be a few bucks cheaper. Other than the cost, I would have given Pei Wei 4 stars.
3	I'm new to town and haven't really explored this chain, but order the Thai Wonton Soup and your heart and soul will thank you.
4	Went there tonight for dinner and it was delicious.  We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps and i chose the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken with brown rice.  It was delicious.  The price was just right for the amount of food, unable to finish the whole meal.  Will for sure go back and have again!
4	A great meal quick!  Quality is as good, or better, as their parent PF Changs.  Friendly staff make the experience even better, very happy people.  Portions are just past normal size.  I really like picking up an order of chicken fried rice.  Lots of yummy in the big bowl.  Sesame chicken is another favorite I get regularly.  The spice is just right, hot enough to compliment the dish, but not send you into a coughing fit.  Bottom line, I've never had a bad experience at Pei Wei, highly recommended, even if you have to drive across town to get there.
4	The new Thai River Noodles are a must try! I like the fact that Pei Wei is a less expensive version of PF Changs. Is it Americanized Asian food? Most definitely, but I still like it. The crab won-tons have real crab and are served in a very flavorful sweet and spicy sauce. The fried rice is deliciously fresh with chunks of fresh al dente veggies in it. The new Thai River noodles are my current fave. It is sort of like Pad See Ewe with chow fun noodles instead. The beer is always ice cold and the prices are very reasonable.
3	There used to be a Pei Wei very close to me on Lake Mead but unfortunately that location closed.  I actually preferred that location for a variety of reasons but I mourned my loss a short while since a fairly good Greek restaurant replaced it...which I will review sooner or later given that I've eaten there about twenty times.ANYWAY, Pei Wei!Go in, order, take a number, grab a seat along with your drink, and hot food is brought to you since everything is cooked nice and hot to order.  The younger sister to PF. Chang's.  It has more of a pan-asian variety of Thai/Chinese then just straight Chinese cuisine compared Chang's.  The food comes in large portions, nice and hot with plenty of fortune cookies and delicious teas available.I almost ALWAYS get the pad thai with extra chicken and tofu.  Their cooked tofu is really very good, very flavorful and it actually KEEPS very well in the fridge for a day.  They are a PINCH pricier than I'd prefer, buuuuut.... c-est las vie.I DID take AWAY a star though based on my first experience at this particular location where I stood waiting for my order to be taken while the cashier was going on and on to a server and then walked up without an apology or "Oh, hello!  I'm sorry, I didn't see you there!" or anything of the sort.  Or a friendly gesture or whathaveyou.  And when I mentioned this to the manager, (who is currently working there), I was given an apathetic apology from him and shooed away.  So no star for you.
2	Watered down P.F. Changs never tasted so....just like you'd expect.Pei Wei is a mystery to me.  It isn't quite what PF Changs used to be (I think the quality has drastically decreased over the last few years) and it isn't take-out Chinese either.  They offer a few different influences in their dishes (Korean, Thai, Chinese, Japanese) but all are bland and disappointing.  They're missing the point here.  Either go for the low cost, greasy take out we all love, or the more refined, pricier fare you'd find elsewhere.  Unfortunately Pei Wei is lost in the middle where it should be.
3	As a lower-cost, quicker version of its parent, P.F. Chang's, it's hard to beat Pei Wei for the quality and price.In three years of eating here, I've never had a bad meal, and the entire menu is great.Clean, friendly staff, great cooks ... you can't go wrong if you're looking for a quick bite or don't feel like cooking dinner after a long day at work.Try the Thai Dynamite chicken!
3	Pei Wei, we have a love-hate relationship.  Which is funny, because I have the same relationship with PF Changs.  Coincidence?  Nope!  Pei Wei is the cheaper and faster version of its parent, PF Changs.I've had quite a few things from Pei Wei and the follow are a few that I like: Chicken Fried Rice, Chicken or Shrimp Lo Mein, Edamame and the Crab Wontons.  My husband always orders the Mongolian Beef.This food is not something that I crave or that I say "Lets order from Pei Wei! Because its SO GOOD!"  Rather, its one of those places that is like "well... i dunno what I want for dinner, do you?  I guess we could do Pei Wei, since its cheap and fast and I reallllyyyyyyy don't feel like cooking."What I do like- they are extremely fast and when you call to place your order, your number comes up in their caller ID, so they address you by name and ask if you would like the same order from last time (which they tell you what you ordered).  That would make ordering even faster!We will continue to order from them when we want asian food for a good price.
4	Normally not a fan, but this last time I had the Japanese Ramen with chicken and it was good.  And yes it is like PF Chang's except that when I leave I don't say "I forget that I hate bad, overpriced, Chinese food".  So go for it and steal a couple of extra fortune cookies while you're at it. Yup (Complementary fortune cookies always a good thing).
4	We order take-out from Pei-Wei at least once a month.  We do usually choose the same things over & over but I love that I can always depend on having a good, satisfying meal! Last night we had the Chicken Pad-thai, the Thai Coconut Curry & an order of spring rolls with sweet chili sauce.As usual I was satisfied with the pad thai.  YES I know this isn't genuine pad-thai but I love it nonetheless.  I love their tofu! I don't know what they do with their tofu that is different from everywhere else but I'd be a tofu convert if it was this way in more places! My husband loved the coconut curry.  The spring rolls were crisp without being the slightest bit of greasy.I'm a big fan of their salads, Chicken lettuce wraps, Mongolian Beef, and Honey Seared Chicken as well.
3	Pei Wei was a regular haunt of mine in my single days especially when I worked long consultant hours. Their food was dependable, fast and they were wherever I was working. This was in the DFW metroplex area. Then came Vegas. There is no Pei Wei close to my home and I realized I never do crave it. For something I used to have once a week, a non-craving for Pei Wei  really did mean I must not have liked their food that much. I confirmed that suspicion today. I ordered the Kid's Teriyaki Bowl with Tofu and Veggies. Brown rice at no extra charge. Definitely a plus point. I find the portions at Pei Wei too big and so the kids portion suffices and is actually a bit large still for me. I love that they allow someone clearly older than 12 to qualify for this portion. Kudos to Pei Wei. I usually order an extra serving of Tofu and Veggies and that is what I did today. 3.95 for the kids bowl and $2 for the extra tofu/veggie serving. What I got at my table (in a very timely manner) was a dish that met all my expectations. Generous heaping of tofu with snow peas. carrots and broccoli. In Dallas, I remember this dish as having spinach which was something I missed today. The tofu here is different from anywhere else. It's long and seems rather dehydrated. But it actually tastes rather pleasant. Pei Wei is true American Chinese Food. Created in America, for Americans. It's definitely not as tasty as PF Changs but they do offer dependable fare that CAN be made fairly healthy (if you choose to exercise portion control) and it's a nice spot to hang for a quick lunch. I guess dependability means this place is A-OK in my book.
4	It was my first time ever going and I really liked the atmosphere, and the staff was really nice! I got chicken chow mein and edamame and it was surprisingly good! Reminded me of P.F. Changs (yes, I know they are owned by them as well) it was all the taste for half the cost! Works for me!
1	Pei Wei gets the bozack.Super weak and fake (Chinese?) food.  It's like a sad, upscale aspiring Panda Express.  They even used that ubiquitous chopsocky type font from the 70's you usually see on karate schools and Chinese takeout boxes.  Panda Express is hokey too, but at least they know it.I had some kind of beef noodle dish which I can only describe as severely overcooked ramen noodles with strips of teriyaki style beef.  They also put about 10 whole green onions in my bowl, which I thought was pretty funny.  Another thing that bugs me is that, I think whoever is behind Pei Wei just lumps all things asian together and can't distinguish the differences.
3	I'll give it a 3 1/2 stars.  It works for me!Pei Wei is great when I'm in that crossroads of 'I overpaid for my condo so I can't afford P.F. Chang's right now' and 'If I have Panda Express one more time this week I think I'm gonna smuggle a bear and paint it black and white'!  It fits the bill right in the middle!  I don't always particularly crave this place as a must eat because while it is cheaper and more convenient than it's big bro P.F. Chang's, it definitely costs a few dolla-dolla bills more than Panda Express.  That being said, we'll often end up at Pei Wei because the kids don't want burgers, are a bit tired of Subway, and are sad looking at pandas eating bamboo on modern painted restaurant walls.I like Pei Wei for the most part, but of course it definitely isn't authentic Asian cuisine in most cases.  They definitely cater to the American taste palette!  For what it is the place works great. The menu is pretty easy to read.  Right when you enter, as you walk down to the cashier station to order the menus are right in front of you on large lit boards to look at.  Very convenient, and good marketing technique!  Make em' hungry before they even order!  The have your appetizers, salads, noodles and rice bowls, and entrees all prominently displayed on their menu.  Most entrees run from the $6-$9 range depending on what you choose and if you get it with chicken, beef, shrimp, or veggies.  The great thing here is that with all of their signature entrees you can sub in brown rice for free!  Trust me, their brown rice is good!  We get it every time.Here's what we usually order for our family of 4:Asian Chicken Chopped Salad - Chicken with greens, napa cabbage, carrots, Thai basil, tomatoes, crispy wontons, toasted sesame seeds, with a sesame ginger vinaigrette.  Very good!  Light and flavorful!  Our favorite salad at Pei Wei, although sometimes I wish they would add some green onion and cilantro for a bit of punch.Chicken Lo Mein - Chicken with lo mein noodles, rice wine sauce, scallions, garlic, onions, bean sprouts, shiitake mushrooms, and carrots.  The kids fav!  Although it is a bit greasy it tastes great!  Much better than the lo mein you find at that Panda place.  We like these signature dishes as our favs, we'll usually pick one with chicken:Honey Seared - Crispy chicken with honey garlic sauce, chili oil, rice sticks, scallions, and red bell pepper.  Yum...Asian-y!Orange Peel - Crispy chicken with chile bean sauce, orange peels, scallions, garlic, snap peas, and carrots.  If you like Orange Chicken from the Panda, this is a good start for you!  Spicy Korean - Chicken with Korean hot pepper sauce, garlic, mushrooms, carrots, onion, long beans, and toasted sesame seeds.  It's got a nice lil' kick to it!Korean BBQ (brand new dish) - Chicken seared with carrots, scallions, in a smoky-sweet gogo BBQ sauce.  Then topped with a salad of green apples, bean sprouts, red bell peppers, mizuna, and a Korean vinaigrette.  It's good!  My new fav!  Now if they would only add a side order of Kim Chee to it...hello, taste buds!The menu also has several options for kids, as well as a nice sized gluten free menu.  Pei Wei takes money from everyone, folks!Serving portions are ok, although I wish they were a bit larger for the price.  A signature dish at Pei Wei (white or brown rice included) could feed two people...barely!  I can definitely finish an entire dish by myself!  Service is fast, speedy, and usually pretty friendly.  I've never had problems before. Their take out is popular, but Pei Wei can sit a number of people in their place nicely.  I also like how they have hot mustard, siracha, shoyu, and vinegar at the ready by their tables so that you can concoct your little dipping sauce for your food.  Down for some Asian-American food with no fuss and a bit of flair?  Give Pei Wei a try today!
5	A friend turned me on to this place like this:"do you like pf chang's? then go here. Same food,but cheaper,atmosphere not as nice, owned by the same poeple."I havn't been back to pf chang's since! WE LOVE PEI WEII usually order mongolian beef wih brown rice...hubby changes it up, kiddo usually gets chow mein with chicken. I just love both teas they have in house...an unsweetened mandarin green tea, and a chai (vanilla?) black tea. and all the fortune cookies one could want,lolcrab rangoon pretty good, love the lettuce rolls forever. join their mailing list, they do specials every now and then!
4	Really good Asian food! Very fresh and great portions. I love the Lo Mein. Their sauces are amazing too! I love the sweet and sour. Great prices and much fresher and better tasting than PF Changs.
4	My family and I are vegan and we love the all of vegan choices available..  I love to start off with some edamame .The veggie bowl with brown rice and tofu is delicious! They have the best tasting tofu that I have found.
5	We had dinner at Pei Wei again last night and While we were waiting for our dinner I overheard a customer asking if they had tofu lettuce wraps...Because all that was listed was chicken lettuce wraps. To my great surprise the waitress said yes,we can make tofu vegan lettuce wraps for you! Guess what we are going to order next time...yup you guessed it...the tofu lettuce wraps.
2	Very very salty and overseasoned. If you know Asian food and appreciate it in it's true form...don't go here. If you like the Americanized, PF Changs version of chinese food then by all means...
4	We love this place. It is like PF Chang's but less expensive. It is casual dining. Great service and I love that you can see into the kitchen. Get the Pei Wei Card if you go often. You can earn a free entree. Easy take-out too.
5	This was my first time at this restaurant. I went yesterday with a friend of mine and the food and service was fantastic. I will defiantly go there again
2	I waited forever for our food and it was just two of us. The entrees were incredibly bland. I will probably not returnNice atmosphere though.
1	Difficult accessibility. Atmosphere is stale. Food is ok but, not worth the price.
3	This is an OK place.  I have other places I'd rather go, but when the wife wants Pei Wei, she usually gets it.I like the fact that they have brown rice.  The Asian Chopped Chicken Salad and Ginger Brocolli Chicken taste good and aren't too bad in terms of nutritional value.We've dined in here before, but we usually do the take out. I like that they have their own take out ordering line and waiting area.  They're usually friendly which is a plus since they always seem insanely busy.  The only area of complaint is that they seem to close their kitchen early sometimes.  This makes for a very disappointing meal run.
4	I find it strange that I never wrote a review for Pei Wei before. I had gone several times when I was in the area. Pei Wei is an intriguing place to me as it falls (as many have stated in other reviews) kind of in between Panda Express and PF Changs. I feel that the concept is there, however the execution could be better. They seem to be doing well though as they were pretty packed today (Sunday) for a late lunch.The negative for me is portion size relative to price, especially for their dinner selects specials. We both ordered the specials which include a half portion of an entree and a side item. I chose the Honey Seared Chicken with white rice and my side was Won-Ton Soup. The soup was flavorful but was barely cup size and the entree was pretty good but left me plenty hungry. Worst part was they didn't include a drink so my $6.25 cent meal turned into an $8 meal that left me wanting more.So, why the 4 stars?? Well, for one I appreciate the concept of this chain and I think they actually make some decent dishes. Seeing as how they are partnered up with PF Changs it makes sense. I wouldn't go as far as to say they are the poor-man's PF Changs, but they might be the middle-class man's PF Changs. The staff was friendly and our order came out right. In a perfect Yelp world, I would probably give them about 3.75 stars... but I'll bump them up to a 4 because I had a good day :)
4	I enjoy the food at Pei Wei MORE than PF Chang's. I use all my PF Chang gift certificates here :)The menu is smaller, the portions are a little smaller, so are the prices, but the food is sooooo much more flavorful in my opinion. They have vegetarian and gluten free options. Pei Wei is "casual" dining - order at the counter, take a seat, they bring the food to you. Get your own drink refills but leave your table as is when you are done, they'll clear it. I usually leave a little tip :)Our favorites:Crab WontonsHot & Sour SoupHoney Seared ShrimpPei Wei Spicy ChickenThai Dynamite Tofu or VegetablesNever had a bad meal here, and never left hungry :)
3	I admit I'm not a huge fan. But my family likes it so I go. I just had some really bad take out service one time. So I'd you go order in and you'll get your food faster.
5	Cannot believe I haven't eaten here before! Like the food here MORE than PF Chang's down the street from this. Food is so good and so reasonably priced. They have healthy options such as tofu and brown rice. We went there at 8 pm on a Sunday to dine-in, and the service was so fast. Staff was friendly and attentive.
4	Love the caramel chicken here.  It was busy. Nothing over the top, but good standard pei Wei!
3	I ordered take-out on this visit. I received great service and friendly greeting from Jessica. In my opinion, the restaurant was understaffed for the lunch crowd on this visit. They also did not cook my spring rolls, so they were uncooked when i arrived at my office to eat (how does this happen?). 3 stars for the excellent service, and the remainder of the meal was fantastic.
4	Typically consistent food. Even though my last order was messed up.  I ordered Pei Wei spicy and fried rice, but got brown rice and they put the rice in a separate container.  What gives?
3	clean simple and delicious.  If you're tired of panda id definitely recommend PEI WEEEIIII  this place just makes me want to run inside and scream PEI WEEIIIhuge portions of everything so its satisfying for sure
3	I'm conflicted about writing this review because I was going to give a lower rating.   I was so hungry after spending 3.5 hours volunteering at the aid station for the Viva Bike Vegas 2012 ride that I could have eaten a take out menu and thought it was good.This was my first time here and I had researched Yelp reviews and their online menu.  I ordered from the take out window one order of chicken lettuce wraps and a large hot and sour soup.  The lettuce wraps were very good.  I am a salt lover, but the sauce made the wraps salty even for me.  But, I still enjoyed them.The hot and sour soup had a rich taste but I'm not used to having ground meat in hot and sour soup.  It's generally small slices of pork.  The texture was a bit of a turn off and I didn't think the soup was that spicy.My biggest issue was service.  I realize I was a walk in at 4:30 on a Saturday evening.  There were four people in the restaurant at the time.  There were some take out orders to be made but there was never less than three cooks working behind the counter and before I got my meal, there were 5 total.  I probably waited 15 minutes.  I saw the one cook pick up and handful of rice sticks and toss it into the take out box--no gloves, no tongs--just bare hands.  Also, the soup was ladled into the take out container and just left on the metal shelf for 10 minutes while the other things were being prepared.When the counter critter brought my bag, she apologized for the long wait.  I watched this place as it was being built and never stopped.  That's been about 10 years.  I guess I can wait again before I return.  The lettuce wraps saved the rating from being 2 stars.
3	In the category of Americanized Asian food, this place gets top marks. It gets everything just right. The price is fair. The amount of food, usually, is right (don't get their diner-whatevers. they're rip offs). The quality is good. I actually had this place rated at 4 stars, but I just went to their menu to confirm the name of my favorite small dishes - and they're gone! I'm talking about, mainly, the lemongrass chicken noodle dish. It is served cold, and the flavors are great. It was that, Bangkok noodles, and black bean chicken. All were priced at $4, and one could serve your meal needs.This is a pretty safe bet for anyone. No flavors are too strong. No items too polarizing. Good for groups of people. This is the Americanized way.
4	Did a carry out last night...I orderd Chopped salad, Thai Dynamite and Spicy Korean..flavours where amazing and I found the dishes very different then other Asian places...in a good way...we quite often get chinese delivered for dinner and for a change found this place much much better then other Asian places around summerlin area.
3	Ate dinner here after a long drive.  Good service and the employees were friendly and the cooks were really working hard.  Got my food fast and it was great! Will come back!
2	If you love PF changs, or Americanized chinese food then this is the place for you. Flavors were okay nothing amazing. Not sure how we ended up here but left this place still asking for more. Food was mediocre, not for me though Im asian, I should've known better :P
5	so this place is exactly like PF Changs but cheaper! I always get Kung Pao chicken and hot/sour soup oh and the delicious fortune cookies lol. always greeted warmly. service is great. food is Fantastic! I'm a Big fan!good size portions. great spicy plates. definately try this place out. everyone I've ever went there with has loved their dishes.
5	LOVE Pei-Wei.I've lived in Vegas for 4 years and just recently found myself at Pei-Wei and I am seriously upset that I've been missing out all this time.  Since moving here, my husband and I have struggled to find decent Chinese food and while this isn't exactly what we are looking for, it is delicious. As is PF Chang's for dinner (I know it is the same company).The only thing that I haven't liked that I've tried is the wonton soup. It's too minty. I prefer the wonton at PF Chang's.So far I've had the Caramel Chicken and the teriayki chicken. Both excellent choices.
5	I have tried this location twice now and will for sure be back. You can place your order online and it is very user friendly. I wanted to make changes to what I was ordering and there was a option to customize it so I didn't have to worry about phoning it in or ordering in person I was just able to easily and accurately place my order online. I started with a "Pork Egg Roll". These were addicting like candy. Great flavor and decent size for $2.00. I had the "Chicken Lettuce Wraps" for my meal. The chicken has such good flavor. The lettuce is fresh and crisp. This is one I might have a hard time not ordering each time. My man had the "Lo Mein With Spicy Beef". I sampled some of the noodles and was hooked. I had to steal a few more bites. The noodles weren't dry and had so much flavor. They have a gluten free menu.If you don't want to get your food to go they have a dining area.They cater.Since signing up on the website to order online they have sent me a couple good coupons good on my next visit.
5	I have never had a bad meal here. The service is great, food is outstanding, and the kitchen makes food super fast. I order from the phone and go pick it up and it is done within 8-10 mins.
4	Good but it could be better
2	This was my first visit to this location for Take Out last week.  The restaurant was located on W Charleston Blvd near the Red Rock Casino in Las Vegas.  I have been to a Pei Wei's in Denver a couple of times and have liked it.  I had an internet coupon for BOGO.  I ordered the Thai Coconut Chicken and the Broccoli Beef.  I specifically asked for the broccoli to be undercooked and the gal said that they always cook it that way.The Thai Coconut Chicken had tender slices of white meat chicken.  It was okay.The Broccoli Beef had yellow (old) pieces of overcooked broccoli and tough pieces of beef.  The rice was soaked with oily sauce.I will not be back to this location.
1	I am stunned. I have read reviews and people say it is just like PF Changs. Whoa I don't think so. I was in the process of ordering online but since this was the first time I wanted to make sure they made it the crispy shrimp they advertise instead of just shrimp as it is on their online menu. I phoned the order in and told them crispy shrimp, with emphasis...instead when I got home I received soggy "honey glazed" chicken, which almost indefinitely was simply sweet and sour sauce. I was hoping to order a Mongolian style beef but since their Mongolian sauce is not spicy as indicated, I tried the black pepper instead and unfortunately they only have "steak" not beef. And it was the lowest quality of steak I have ever had, no exaggeration, it was literally beef jerky chunks, and to top it off (literally) it was layed over soggy fried rice (due to the black pepper sauce).  I am shocked people like their meals on top of each other like that.  Even Panda Express separates their dishes.  The lo mein noodles really didn't differ from Panda express except that it had some veggies here and there and dumped a cup of sugar in it, and for $9 with bland "crispy" yet dry chicken I will say that it was another disappointment.  The Thai peanut sauce tasted like something my young child would make, unedible.  I hope you don't waste your money here, BJ's restaurant is right there, as well as Islands, NY Pizza which has some of the best pizzas in town.
2	I have been a loyal Pei Wei fan since 2007 and have dined at their locations across the country. This location is BY FAR the worst in terms of speed of service and being on top of their game. I moved to Las Vegas back in October and this Pei Wei is very near my home. I like to order online and pick up my order on my way home. I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt the first few times, but I am about fed up with this location. I'm wondering if their parent company's recent financial woes and restructuring have affected all of their stores. I did notice that they've done away with the plastic cups used for dine-in beverages and have gone exclusively to disposable paper cups.My main "beef" with them is the fact that today I placed my online order at 5:33 and received a confirmation that my order would be ready by 5:55. My order is normally ready at other locations WELL before the promised-by time, however this location's sloppy staff just doesn't get it.Today I received my order at 6:05, more than 30 minutes after placing my order. Some might say I am being way too picky, but it is all about pleasing the customer, and this location falls short of this consistently. The staff is ever changing (including management), so I'm not sure what the story is here.The food quality is still good, however I noticed today I had no condiment bag with my order that usually contains sauces and fortune cookies. It looks like Pei Wei is cutting back, and that is not what I would expect from this chain.I hope corporate will take a look at this fledgeling location.
3	Not bad, not great. Went there for lunch with my gf; decent selection, she got fried rice, and I got the orange peel chicken. They weren't very busy (lunch time), but we still waited about 15 minutes to be served, however the staff was friendly. Ingredients were fresh.
5	I am sometimes baffled when someone tells me they have never heard of this place.  Get your head out of the sand!  Jees!  Pei Wei is a favorite of ours and we visit quite often.  This is a fast food - version of PF Changs and you are missing out if you are a PF fan.  From all that I have ordered from Pei Wei I can honestly say that alot of it is similar recipes.  Our favorite waitress RENA makes our dining experience just THAT much better.  She litereally knows everyone who walks through the door and greets them with open arms.  She is the epitomy of customer service.  We love her!!!  Make sure if you visit and run into her let her know you heard about her on Yelp!  ;)Last nights dinner - on the patio mind you - (Love) starting with crab wontons which are always perfection sitting on top of a plate of a sweet and sour kind of sauce.  They are to die for.  The BF had to have the edemame which for some reason at this place they always seem to be on steroids!  They are huge.  It is served with a little cup of sea salt that you can sprinkle on as you see fit.  For the entrees BF had mongolian beef with steamed rice.  Very similar to PF....aws flav.  I usually try to steal a few bites when he's not looking.  I ordered the seseme chicken but instead of fried I asked for their "stalk velvet" which is a healthy version of cooking.  I think its kind of pan seared.  You can order most dishes this way but you have to ask for it special.  Their brown rice is alway cooked to perfection.  I dont know why it is that hard to cook brown rice but you'd be suprised.  Food is ALWAYS great.  I dont think of all the years we have been coming here we have ever been disappointed!  The customer service-just because of the waitresses they have had has been simply amazing.  Enough to make you coming back even if the food wasnt that great. haha  So don't tell me you never heard of this place - you just did!
4	The GF has been very focused on her diet over the last 10 weeks.  Our "go-to" places so she sticks to Lean meats with veggies include Greens & Proteins, Jason's Deli ( salad Bar ) Terriyaki Boy or similar and  any breakfast place that serves veggie egg white omelets with a side a fruit.  Lately, her fav place is Pei Wei.  Surprisingly, I've come to enjoy Pei Wei, too.Her standard dish is Chicken Curry ( sauce on the side ) , "stock velvet" with extra veggies, no onion and brown rice ( 7.95) - It's a very large serving for the price.I usually get a bowl of hot and sour soup ( $4.95) - a little too "thick " from what i presume is corn starch but i like it and it's a very generous serving.  I then prefer the dan dan noodles with Shrimp ($8.50) - I've yet to finish it given the large portion provided.  Again, for what it is, I'm a fan.  Yes, it's "americanized" but i don't care.  It's freshly prepared, served fast, large portions, reasonably priced and above average taste.pics included
5	Wow.I'm very impressed with this Pei Wei. Everyone who works here are amazing. They are very nice and caring. The food is in wonderful condition. They never mess up our order; the food comes out quick and easy. I quite enjoy being able to watch the chefs prepare our meal at the "bar". The decor and theme is very relaxed and modern. Not to mention the feeling of being in Asia. It is a very nice experience and I would recommend it to everyone!
1	We were in the mood for some Chinese food one evening, and really didn't feel like hiting Panda Express again (although in hindsight, it would have been a better choice.)We had tried a Pei Wei in San Antonio in the fall of 2012. I wasn't overly impressed then, but thought we'd give it another shot. We were over on the west side of town geocaching and this one was close to where we finished for the day.We came in on an early Friday afternoon and the place wasn't very busy so we thought we'd be able to grab a quick meal with some decent service. We placed our order for two steak lo mein dinners with a side of pork rolls. We sat down and waited...and waited...and waited while our food sat dying on the pass. Finally the three busboy/waiters came in from their smoke break on the patio. They brought Brenda's food over and then the pork rolls. We asked about my dinner and said that was it. We pulled out the receipt and sure enough, even though the cashier repeated back that we ordered 2 lo meins, he only rang us up for one. Since I already had a bad taste in my mouth from our last visit to a Pei Wei, I declined to go up and order again.I tried the pork rolls and they were so greasy the mustard wouldn't even stick to them. I tasted Brenda's lo mein and the noodles really didn't have much flavor at all. I suppose that having the food sit at the pass under a heat lamp for 15 minutes while the server was on his smoke break didn't help much. This place is really disorganized. While we were there, we watched a table of 4 get served. Three of the four people got their food while the fourth got served only after a 10 minute wait and finally complaining to the staff.When the waiter came around to ask how our food was, he only asked me (the person who didn't have food in front of him). He ignored Brenda completely. Zero stars is way to high of a rating for this place. We could have had a much better meal at Panda Express at a better price with better service. In baseball, it's three strikes and you're out. This place won't even get the opportunity to see the third pitch.
2	I really don't know how this place has 4 stars. It is very expensive for what it is, not healthy, smaller portions, not tastier food than panda express (not that panda express has tasty food). I only gave this place 2 stars because the online ordering system is convenient enough, and service is efficient. If you want Chinese, I would totally recommend to drive a little further.  You can't really go wrong by not coming into this place.
4	Yummy! The go-to place when your wallet or time cannot meet P.F. Changs! They just recently discontinued the Bangkok Bowl (soooo PISSED!)  Instead tried the Dan Dan Noodles and OH. EM. GEE!  So flippin good! They also have some cut oranges by the drink fountains, which i throw in the to-go containers and eat for dessert. ;-) Not fine dinning but excellent quality for the price.
5	The best Pei Wei in town. This location is the cleanest and with a great, friendly staff. A favorite spot. Side note: For those who are unfamiliar with Pei Wei - I like to describe it as a blend between PF Chang's and Starbucks atmosphere. A corner store version of PF Chang's. Very similar menu. Definitely worth trying if you have never been.
4	Great place for fast Americanized Chinese food...think of it as a cross between Panda Express and PF Changs (which owns Pei Wei). I usually start  my meals here with some pork egg rolls and/or a bowl of wonton soup. They also have lettuce wraps that are pretty good. I usually get some kind of chicken entree here with brown rice, and among my favorites are orange peel chicken and pei wei spicy. If you are looking for a noodle dish, I'd recommend the dan dan noodles.The employees here are great even when they make a mistake. They messed up my order the last time I was here and they apologized for it before I even had a chance to ask why my order was taking so long. They re-made it right away and the manager even refunded my money before I had a chance to say anything. If that isn't great customer service, I don't know what is!
5	Cheap and almost as good as pf changs, quick service and the food is always hot and fresh, Mongolian Steam is the best.
5	Oh Pei Wei...how I DO love thee?...let me count the ways! DELICIOUS FRESH Asian combo food, prepared AFTER your order, GENEROUSLY huge portions, CLEAN environment, QUICK and FRIENDLY service, a management team that takes RESPONSIBILITY and truly CARES about your dining experience..ALL at an AMAZINGLY affordable price (ok...CHEAP by comparison to almost any other restaurant!).Yes,I know this is a "poor man's" PF Changs (owned by the same company) and I've heard ALL the arguments from the snobby haters: "Oh, they don't have as big a selection as PF Changs." and "That's just a fast food place." or "Their food is too salty." blah, blah, blah. I've only had ONE unfortunate experience in the two years I've been eating at this location, and when i brought it to the attention of management, they practically fell all over themselves fixing it to make certain I was a happy camper.To all you haters; don't let me keep you from your pretentious little 4 ounce fillet of Mahi for $70 at Roy's with the orange-mango syrup crapped out around the plate edges. Ahhh, but the food! its ALL good here. Personal favorites include the lettuce wraps, Pad Thai with shrimp and any variety of Kung Pao! Be certain to try some of your dishes with their fried rice; it's only an extra dollar, but you gotta ask for it.I eat here so often, they know me on a first name basis...can't be beat!A really friendly, clean, quality oriented business with EXCELLENT food at unbeatable prices. Also a GREAT place to bring kids if you have a family.Nom, nom, nom!
4	The Thai coconut curry is GREAT. If you like Panda Express give Pei Wei try. Better quality food for a few bucks extra.
4	For the price you can't beat this place. Fresh, made to order Asian style food. Lunch specials starting at $6.95! One of the best deals in town in my opinion. And for you PF changs fans, this is a great place to enjoy similar items at a fraction of the cost.
4	This place is a step up from fast food Chinese food. It is pretty good for a quick bite to eat. The only entree I ever order is the Mongolian Beef. You can also see the kitchen from the dining area, I like that. The place appears to be clean.
3	Stopped by here on Saturday as we had about an hour to eat before an event.  We did not want to be late... I wanted to go to KJ's for some authentic chinese food and we ended up coming here as the event was starting and located in Summerlin.Here we go...a.  The Good - Ok, if you are not used to eating the real authentic chinese food, then you will like this place. It is like an upscale Panda Express with healthy foods choices and a really nice and inviting eat in environment.- Choices - I like that they have a lot of spicy choices, and you can order many of the items on the list with Chicken, Pork, Beef, or Tofu.- Brown Rice - Awesome that they have brown rice and this also adds to the healthy - Fresh - Everything seems so fresh.  We Had:- Honey Seared Chicken with Brown Rice- Thai Wonton Sooup- Thai Dynamite Chicken- Spicy Korean Chickenb.  The Really Good - Their drink and condiment section is totally cool. I don't know why I liked this so much, but it is clean, they have a great deal of choices for drinks, some teas, plenty of cut lemon and orange slices, Fortune Cookies, chili sauce and hot chinese mustard!  Oddly, I did not look for, and I don't remember if they have soy sauce, and this would actually get a way from the healthy aspect of the food.c.  The Ambiance - As I said, upscale atmosphere for extremely casual people. You really feel that you are in a well taken care of and top notch cafe.d.  The Bad - The only bad I found was that everything was a bit bland.  The Thai Wonton Soup was not very Thai style to me. The taste was a bit off and uninspiring.  The Spicy Korean Chicken had a heavy sauce that created all the taste and the chicken itself did not have any of the flavor. Kind of like dipping chicken in kitchen.  The sauce was the overpowering flavor and that is not great to me at all.e.  Comeback - I will come back to give this place a second chance. While it is not what I consider really authentic, I will also challenge the healthiness of the food here as even though there is brown rice and some really great looking stuff, it seems that everything is 800-1200 calories and there are so many other better choices for quality food for the same caloric intake. GK says, not bad, and as long as you know this is totally just an asian influenced cuisine and not really authentic, then you will be very happy.I give it a 3 star because of the blandness and the overpowering sauces and under performing soup...
4	I'm not even a veg but I go here for the soy honey chicken. Pretty tasty, and they don't take too long to make it. The quality should be a little bit better for the price but considering how fast they make it and that the portion is good it's totally fair. Great lunch place, but call ahead to order if you're going between 11-1 or you will definitely be waiting.
5	I really love this "PF Changs Jr." and come here often. I order online using coupons they send to me via email. Last week they sent me a BOGO for the entrees and this week a 20% off my total order. When I walk in to pick up my food they always remember me and take the time to ask how I am and go over the order to make sure it is right. I order the pei wei spicy steak each time but change up having either rice or noodles under it depending on my mood and have them leave the veggies out. Just spicy steak and rice or noodles do it for me on that dish. The veggie spring rolls are damn good. It comes with a sauce for dipping that is very good but my wife likes to dip hers in their sweet and sour, so we pay .50 cents extra for that but it comes in a reusable/washable plastic container. The side of brown rice I ordered this time was not cooked right and still crunchy. It was intended to be mixed in my dogs food as a "healthy" treat for her but the spoiled girl ended up with some of the white rice instead. My wife had honey seared chicken and enjoyed it... I had a few peices and did too. I am always satisfied after eating here.
3	I eat here one a week. Personally, I have only ordered the Ginger chicken and Mongolian beef. Every time I invite my family there dish and they order something else its not that good .If you go there only order those two things!
4	I like the food here but sometimes it's really salty. They have a healthy type menu now which helps a bit. Good prices and they are usually quick. Try the soupvif you are under the weather.
2	I hate to give this place 2 stars because I truly love the food!  But they were severely under staffed and it created a horrible experience. Management needs to learn to manage and staff accordingly. We arrived and the place was overwhelmingly packed the line very long which is to be expected at 7 pm on Saturday night. I decided to grab the only available table while my husband ordered our food. The table was dirty but it was the only unoccupied one so I asked to have it cleaned 4-6 minutes later the young man came back to clean the table. When our food arrived we weren't given silverware or plates. We went up to the counter and the silverware dispensers were all empty and there were no plates the hot mustard and chili sauces were all empty  as well . We asked for plates and silverware and had to wait a few minutes while our food got cold. I went to get some of the mandarin tea and it was empty and the chai was empty too! Due to the fact there was no clean tables, no clean silverware , dishes , the condiments were empty and we had no plates I have no choice but to give 2 stars.
5	Fast, friendly service.  Clean eating environment.  Delicious, reasonably priced food.  Great kids meals.  We love Pei Wei!  It's right across from Costco so we can eat before we shop!!  The crab Rangoon is made from real crab, not imitation.  Lettuce wraps are wonderful and large enough to share.
4	There's been a few noticeable changes here since my last visit to Pei Wei. First, they replaced the long menu board near the entrance to a smaller and easier to read electronic menu screen. Some menu items such as the combos have been removed and some new items have been added, mostly appetizers and salads. Simply choose your protein (chicken, steak, shrimp, or tofu), size (small or large entree),  then your sauce, and then type of rice or noodle (white, brown, fried, etc). I don't come here much and I always forget what I got last time, so I just choose what sounds good. I've had all different entrees here and seem to usually go with Pei Wei spicy, orange peel, sesame or spicy Korean. This time around I decided to try sweet and sour chicken with a cup of Thai wonton soup. The wonton soup is nice and light, and the sweet and sour chicken was good but they tend to oversauce their entrees so if you're sensitive to that, be sure to tell them when ordering. The small entree size was perfect and I typically have a hard time finishing a large size, but it's only 2 bucks more.They also removed the old skool soda fountain and installed a Coca Cola Freestyle machine on one side of the self service counter and a water/ice machine on the other side. The seating is all the same and if you're dining in, you simply grab your seat after grabbing your drinks and they'll bring your order out to you when it's ready, which isn't very long and they'll pick up your empty plates when you're done. Silverware, boxes, drinks, sauces and fortune cookies are all self service here.I would recommend this place when you're looking for a fast casual Asian fusion meal. The food here is better than places like Panda Express and a lot fresher but the menu items are fairly similar.
4	What's not to like about Pei Wei?!?  The food and service is always good and it's a quicker, cheaper version of P.F. Changs.  On top of that they are constantly offering coupons and promotions through social media and email.  I can't even remember the last time I paid full price.  Last week I even received coupons through snail mail.  I usually call in my order to avoid the wait.  I'm a fan of the honey seared chicken and the spring rolls.
1	"Did you change your menu?"No"Then what is this?  I ordered Chicken Lettuce Wraps"Oh, you ordered them spicy, so those are the *NEW* Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps....Don't try to guess what I want, and give me an entirely different dish.  Also, I'm pretty sure if you are referring to a dish as new, it means the menu has changed.
4	Let's see... Where to start... This place has been around forever. I remember working at an ice cream joint next door (now L&L Hawaiian BBQ) when this place opened. It used to be our go to place during our lunch break. This place is located across Red Rock Casino at the Pavilion center plaza... I'll be honest, I'm probably going to be a little biased on this review since this is one of my favorite places to go grub when I'm around the Summerlin area. My friends, family and myself have been eating at this restaurant since 2004 when it opened. 10 years and I'm just now writing a review... Haha. Considering I've been a regular at this joint,  most of the employees know me and they usually have an idea what I'm going to get. This makes it a biased review simply because my experience is going to be different than someone who checked in for the first time... Just so you know, if you walk in this restaurant expecting authentic Asian food, you're going to be disappointed. This is more like an "Americanized" version and a little more casual than PF Chang, which by the way is a sister company. One of my all time favorite is the chicken Phad Thai. For the price you pay, you get a very decent portion. Sometimes I even have left overs. It's a little spicy but you can tell them how spicy you want it if you're not into hot stuff. Everything is fresh and made to order. You can actually see the cooks prepare your food behind the bar type counter and decor. Some of the other house favorites is also something I would recommend. The  "Pei Wei Spicy", "Honey Seared " and " Caramel Chicken" are all savory dishes. Some of my friends enjoy the "Mongolian" but I personally find it too salty for my taste. Mind you, all the dishes are customized to your liking. You get to pick what protein and what type of rice or noodles you want. With all that said, Pei Wei is a very simple conceptual restaurant. It's very casual. I don't consider myself a food connoisseur... As long as I enjoy the experience and the food suits my taste, I'm all for it.
5	Quick and good quality. I had the coconut curry shrimp and really enjoyed it - pretty spicy:)
4	I love Pei Wei. My first time visiting this location. My husband and I got the sesame chicken, pad thai and spring rolls. Fast service on a weekday and the service/food was great.
5	So my girlfriend first took me to this place very recently. And I fell love with atmosphere & the food. It was a actually really good. This is my first time here & and I'm very picky about where I want to eat my Chinese food. But I was happy when I received my food & and it tastes delicious. It's not pricey at all. Regular dish will probably cost you around $10. A must try is a teriyaki bowl from this place.
2	What the hell happened here?? The service is slow, food is mediocre, quality is slipping, dining area is dirty and decrepit... This used to be an inexpensive alternative to PF Changs.. Now it's a half step above Denny's. You're off your game BIG TIME.
5	I really like that they have small plates now. The Honey Seared Sauce is my favorite :)
5	I love Pei Wei! It seems to be the restaurant of choice every time I want to dine somewhere with a good atmosphere and good prices. The food is really good too! What I like about Pei Wei's food is how they make it their own and do it well. I've been eating at Pei Wei for about eight years and still enjoy their establishment.
4	Pei wei is always good.  I like everything so far!  Their salad are really great.  The service is excellent.  And the location is so convenient.
4	Really like this place. Great selection of flavors. You select the staple, pork chicken or shrimp. Choose the flavors from coconut curry to sesame etc. Pick the type of rice, brown or white and the size of your plate. Delicious and under $15 with large portion of nice sized  shrimp,  2 appetizers and a drink.
1	Couldn't tell the difference between the orange and the Kung Pau Chicken. The fried rice was mushy.Won't be going back.
1	Food is terrible. Did they actually think that people would fill their oversized dining room?  I don't get it... All you do is make a few Asian dishes all day, everyday and this is the best you can do? I wouldn't eat here for free.
3	Only got 2 snow peas in my salad :( but other than that the spicy chicken salad was delicious and the guy at the register was very friendly.
3	Pei Wei is an easy option when you are looking for freshly prepared Chinese food quicky. They have a great selection of flavors and choices.
2	Used to be one of our favorite places.Portion sizes have probably halved, prices have probably doubled.The service is terrible, the food is still amazing but everything else sucks!How do you get 1/2 the food for double the price?
3	Good food. Way too chaotic!  Very loud. Nowhere to sit because tables aren't bused. Half the price of PF Chang's but miss the ambiance.
3	Went here for lunch the other day..had pad thai and Edemame.  Like everyone else says...a step above panda....i will go elsewhere for pad thai.
