4	I saw this show with my girlfriend and I'm glad we did. We got the VIP tickets, and got a deal since we had Harrah's Rewards club cards. The line gets pretty long, so get there a little early. It's a small theater, so there really isn't a bad seat in the place.There is a bar right outside, but they have service, so if you want to order something to drink, the servers come around if needed. We got moved to the front, so we had a great view of the show. The performers had a great time and were very entertaining. If you like Motown, you'll definitely like this show. It's nice to see musicians and performers really enjoy themselves. They got the crowd involved as well, which was some of the most fun. if you're looking for a good show at a good price, give this one a chance.
5	We saw three shows and two attractions this week. Hitzville was my favorite! Great singers, lively, interactive with the audience, fun with on your feet dancing.the main singer ( also the producer) is a great talent. Her Tina and Dianna are wonderful and over the top! Soulful voices with songs that we all know and love. Great feel good evening! Ff
4	Incredible voices and talent. The only problem with this show, is the process of getting into the show. It is completely disorganized. A little management of the situation would go a long way. "Derrick" front of house manager, actually yelled at me and accused me of cutting the line. I bought VIP tickets, and was treated like a second class citizen. However, that being said, the show is fantastic. Well paced, nicely done. The music and band left you wanting more. But Derrick...I hope to never meet him again. He gets no stars.
3	We received a voucher for two free tickets for dinner and a show and decided to go see Hitzville on Thanksgiving Day. Redeeming the voucher was a very painless process, the representative at the Box Office made the experience quick and easy. The confusion came in right before we entered the theater. There were people everywhere and there was no clear direction on how long we would be waiting or even where to wait. There were people waiting at the bar, behind us and off to the side. This disorganization was the reason why I gave the show 3 stars instead of 4. We had ADA seats so there were seats set up for us to wait right in front of the VIP door before the show started.     Meanwhile, the show started right on time exactly at 5:30. Ms. Jin-Jin had a great voice and I loved her Tina Turner impersonation. The guy who sang Marvin Gaye's "Lets get it on" was quite the entertainer and I loved it every time he took the lead. The only complaint I had about the  actual show was the girl who came out and sang the Mary Wells song, "My Guy". Her singing and dancing was very lackadaisical and she was just going through the movements as if she didn't want to be there. She had no energy whatsoever! Somebody  please give that girl a red bull before she hits the stage next time. This was an overall great show and a must see if you love the old Motown hits!
3	Overall, the singing and dancing were great. The star singer/performer Ms. Reeves sounded fantastic, but was WAY over the top with her mannerisms as she tried to mimic Tina Tuner and Diana Ross. It was practically mockery.  If it had not been for her buffoonery, I'd have given this show a 4.
5	As a big fan of Motown music I found this show to be fantastic . All the performers and the band were incredible. The star Jin Jin was terrific. Not only a great singer and entertainer, she played it for laughs and I laughed my ass off at her characterizations of my idols. I met Jin Jin after the show and she was delightful and took pics with me. I would highly recommend this show.
5	I do not know how to put it into words just how great this show was but Ill try.Do you know the feeling you get when you see someone doing their best at something?  When they reach down into their soul and give it all they have?  When they are passionate about what they are doing and you can see that they are not just going through the motions but they are really enjoying it?  Well, the performers in this show do all of these things, especially Jin Jin Reeves who is the life of the show, the producer, and acclaimed actress.  If you like Tina Turner and Diana Ross you will be especially pleased because she probably outshines them with her performances of them.  All of the singers are amazingand it was not just a typical show.  You feel like they take you back in time.  There is a magic to this show.  If you saw Fantasia perform on American Idol you know what I mean about someone giving it their all.  That is how these performers perform, with all they have!I cannot think of one negative thing to report.  The crowd cheered and loved it.  Everyone around me was elated by the performance.  Price:  we paid only about $50 each.  Normally I get bored by shows.  I cannot remember any shows in the past that I really liked.  Normally I just go because the wife wants me to go.  This show kept my attention the whole way through and when it was over it just seemed too short because it went by so fast.  I wanted more.   I would definitely pay to see it more than once and that is rare for me.Jin Jin Reeves has as much or more energy and sex appeal than most famous singers.   Amazing.
5	Went into this show not expecting much buy man was I blown away. Awesome, Awesome, Awesome.....Worth every penny...Go see it, you wont regret it. Only negative is the dvd they sell does not do the show any justice. Its previously recorded and does not show the same show.
5	I had a very entertain show I will be on next visit I will also share the good news everybody must see show
5	Loved the show!  So glad I went, it was fun and the singers were great!  I will tell all my Motown fan friends to go see the show.  Not really a bad seat in the cozy theater.
4	It's a short but pretty decent show.  You can get general admission tickets at the half-price booths around town for about $36.  This also included a free drink at the Stripper Bar located right next to the V Theater. Headline star & Detroit native Jin Jin Reeves is an amazing talent with energy to burn.  There was probably no more than 60-70 people the weekday night I went.  I was hoping to hear Smokey Robinson tunes like "Tears of a Clown," but he didn't rate in the show.  Still, a great show for a great price.
5	If you LOVE Motown, go see this! Worth the money..The entertainers were engaging and talented...Fun show!
2	To begin this review fairly I was must mention that I am a late 80's baby so most of the music that I recall is from the 90's.  I know Gladys Knight, Diana Ross, The Temptations and some of the other groups that were "impersonated" and the main singing lady, Jin Jin Reaves, has one hell of a voice and definitely a lot of talent. I left feeling some kind of way for a couple reasons:(1) I felt underwhelmed by the show after the first girl (Jin Jin) and the first group guy performance because it dawned on me that they were just going to run in the back, change outfits and pretend to be someone else - for tickets that are $60-80 a piece, I would expect more - ESPECIALLY in Vegas. (2) The vocals were mediocre once you kind of got the hang of what was going on - very glee-ish or halloween night at the karaoke bar is more like it.  Not saying those folks aren't talented, but the show needed more "oomph" - they were constantly having to go thru and try to hype up the crowd where as in a good show the crowd is hyped - think Michael Jackson - when he would turn his head - people would fall out and have to be carried out on a stretcher - this was before the concert even started he just turned his head.  If you're going to have a show in Vegas I'm ready to be amazed - I view Vegas as the ultimate performing arts center.  Just my opinion.
5	A must see if you love Motown Music!! All the singers are extremely talented and energetic.
4	What a fantastic show!  Anyone who enjoys Motown music will like this show.  The performers have the moves and the stage charisma to pull it off.  For an hour and a half I got to enjoy the good times of the 50's, 60's and 70's.
