2	I purchased a package of 10 spray-tans through Groupon on December 13, 2011.  I was very excited because I have been to other Hollywood Tans locations in the past and been pleased with the experience.  On my first visit, I attempted to present the Groupon using the Groupon app on my iPhone.  I was rudely told me that the phone screen would not suffice and that I would have to print the coupon and physically present it to them.  I returned the next morning with the printed copy in hand.  The desk attendant took the paper and entered my information into the computer.  She then told me that I would have to pay an additional $4 for the spray tan cartridge.  This additional fee was not disclosed anywhere in the Groupon deal write-up and increased the cost of each tan by 58%.  I was disappointed, to say the least.I know that Groupon catches a lot of flack for situations like these, but really it is the fault of the individual businesses.  They clearly used deceptive advertising to rope people in on the Groupon deal and surprise them with the additional costs.  Between the snobby, crispy desk attendant I interacted with the first night and the deceptive advertising, this experience has left a seriously bad taste in my mouth.  I have asked Groupon for a refund and I will not be returning to the Shadyside Hollywood Tans.
5	Just purchased a Groupon for this location and my experience was great! (And yes they do accept proof of Groupon if the voucher is on your phone). The girl at the front desk was very friendly and knowledgeable! She even offered a free upgrade for the stronger bed due to the fact that the bed my Groupon was good for had been occupied and would have required a wait time. Above and beyond customer service!
1	Try to cancel a membership here and you quickly find they have a multi-level song-and-dance about why they keep charging your card.  It is rehearsed nonsense about why 3 different layers of management need to get back to you before they can fix an obvious mistake, but none of those people are ever around, or can return your call, or have other contact info, or ... you get the idea.Do not trust them with your credit card info, and if you have made that mistake, just call your card and have them cancel any bogus charges.  They are familiar with these jokers and will save you the frustration of their runaround.
3	This place is terrible as far as hours go. On multiple occasions I came here during their normal hours, which are posted on the door and online, and they were closed. There was one occasion where the girl to open the door and didn't even address me. It was a half hour before closing time and 15 minutes before the last UV session was supposed to take place.  I eventually knocked on the door and she let me tan, but I was still annoyed because on another occasion, I went at 9:30 am, their normal business hours begin at 9:00, and there was no one in sight!
