1	My wife, a friend and I just went here.  We were lured in by the $25 pedicure.  Well after getting my foot cut badly and bleeding all over the nail tub I have to say stay away!!  My wife also had her eye brows waxed unevenly after my bad experience.  Do not go here, it's just not worth it!  Poor service, low quality and hopefully, not dirty given my open wound.
4	I can't believe this place doesn't have a review yet.  This nail salon is a totally reasonable place - they aren't high end, so they aren't super pricey, they have fast turnaround, and their jobs last a long time.  I like the people, but the reason for the star off is that they are sometimes a little TOO fast - I wouldn't mind having a little bit of a longer leg massage, for example.  But for the prices I'm paying, I guess I can't complain too much.If you are super conscious about cleanliness, you might consider paying a bit more and going elsewhere.  I'm not saying that they aren't clean, but they might not pass muster if you are a super clean freak.  They have a ton of those massaging pedicure chairs lining the back wall, and always have a lot of technicians around, so you won't ever wait too long.
4	Even after moving out of Shadyside, coming back to the Shadyside Nail Salon is still a must for me during the few months of warm weather in Pittsburgh.  Not only is this salon one of the best deals around ($25 for pedi, $35 for mani/pedi) , they have plenty of staff and chairs so the wait isn't usually longer than 10-15 minutes (if there is one at all.)  It's the perfect place when you want to pamper yourself after a long day at work,  without spending the whole evening at the salon.  Why not five stars you ask? Well, parking can be a pain depending on what time you're there and pure luck.  Also, if you're used to a chic-spa-like environment, this place probably is not for you.  The salon is fine, but you won't find elevator music and/or sounds of trickling water here.
4	The pedicures are GREAT! They scrub your legs and feet, a long foot massage (which I generally skip because they are kind of rough), hot towels on your legs, and best of all NO CHEAP NAIL POLISH!!  I hate going to salons who charge a lot for a mani & pedi but they have watery cheap nail polish and on top of that they don't but a bottom coat on first. They are totally different plus their prices are reasonable. Cons : sloppy full sets!! I don't like having thick or long nails and they get kind of annoyed when I ask them to do anything extra.
4	Its very hard to find a nail salon in Pittsburgh for some reason and I find it rather frustrating... I kinda have to settle for mediocre nails. There is a different nail shop on every corner in cali and D.C. But anywho... I usually don't get my nails done here because they always polish super sloppy. It was little different today! The lady was still annoyed to fix something that I didn't like but she did a better job than the last two ladies I had.  They had the nail polish (shatter) that I have been searching for FOREVER! Yay me! lol If you look at the picture I posted, you can see that she didn't polish the top of my index finger. Hints why I say they do a sloppy job... Pedicures are still great!
4	I agree with Brittney M. on how hard it is to find a nail place in or near Shadyside. However Shadyside Nail Salon does good job though one of my gripes is that you have to find street parking.The salon itself is clean and you don't typically wait that long. When you enter the store, you write your name and the services that you wish to receive. Nice selection of colors from brands like Essie and OPI. The staff is really friendly though english tends to not be their first language. Good job on manicures and pedicures, and reasonably priced though I am still on a quest to find a nail salon in the area for the same prices but with hot stone massages and paraffin treatment (I have been spoiled by Cali nail salons). Note that you should bring cash for tip.
4	I have been looking for a great place to get a pedicure around my neighborhood, and this is my go-to. A couple of my friends and I popped in to get pedicures on a Saturday afternoon. The wait was short, and they were able to take all three of us at basically the same time. It was a good pedi. Long enough time spent on my nails as well as the massage and grooming. They were not too invasive at all. I did not flinch once and they did not dig into my skin or nails too much. They removed enough excess skin, cuticles, and calluses, but did not once make me uncomfortable in doing so. The paint job was good and has lasted over 2 weeks already. They were quick, but not too quick. And $25 is one of the better prices I have seen for what you get. The atmosphere is a bit lacking. Not a whole of magazines around, or I think I just missed them, as I was with friends. The inside of the salon is generic and unconsidered in any spa type feel. The service matches the decor, generic and sufficient. (No one is going hand you a glass of water or anything like some salons do.)Accessibility is pretty good for me (I can walk there from Friendship), and there is also street parking on Center (Do not try to park in the Panera lot). One thing to remember is that though they take cards, tips must be in cash - so bring a few dollars. Overall, this is a great place for a regular pedi, not a place to necessarily pamper yourself to the max.
4	Shadyside Nail Salon is on Centre and S Graham by Panera. Parking is metered street parking, so bring your quarters if you're not walking or bussing it, ladies! Actually, I shouldn't say ladies because at my last visit some dude tried to cut in front of me for his mani/pedi, but I digress.The best pedicure I've gotten in Pittsburgh, and it's only $25 ($35 for mani/pedi). The staff are nice, efficient, and talented. The color selection is sufficient, and they do all sorts of fancy airbrushing and nailscaping. I think you can make an appointment, but this is pretty much a walk-in joint. Tips are cash only.
5	Love, love, love this place! Tracy, the owner, is the best. They work their hardest to get you in and then they do an amazing job on whatever you ask for. I have been going there for about 3 years now and everytime is better than the last. They staff is so friendly and accomodating, they always exceed my expectations! I love Tammi and Tracy to do my hands and feet. Tammi is great with eyebrows! I hear they're doing massages there now, too! Must go! There's a reason why they have been Pittsburgh's best for a number of years!
1	Very unfriendly. The manicurist talked on her cell phone the whole time and did not say a word to me. Decent manicure but I would not return.
3	It's decent. For some reason, finding a nail salon in PGH is hard. I moved here almost a year ago from NJ (and before that NYC) and even in the burbs of NJ easy to find a salon. They did a good job with the polish and the cuticles (pedi and not invasive) but the massage - well, what massage. I miss my NJ salons b/c all of them rub your legs and even arms for a mani like no other place!! Agree with one person, not the cleansest (but SO MUCH better than the salon in the Trader Joes shop ctr).
3	I miss the little Vietnamese nail salons in SoCal (I sound like I am from there, but no I lived there for 9 weeks one summer). There were a few of them at almost every strip mall and you could get a mani-pedi for under $30! Yep in the land of overpriced! I have concluded long ago that although rent is lower in Pittsburgh compared to other cities, services are not so. Shadyside Nail does a decent job at a very Pittsburgh affordable price. For $35 you get a mai-pedi. The only problem with them is that the quality can vary. I feel like you have to keep watching what they are doing and be ready to correct them. Also customer service could be better. I totally understand that the estheticians have personal lives just like you and I, but may be not have a conversation on the phone while filing my toe-nails? That gets me a little nervous. I wanted to give it a 2.5, mostly because of the price. I have been to more expensive nail salons here and heard about a few more and they don't do a better job really. The market here is not as competitive. Also, they get you seated almost right away. I love those massage chairs for pedicures. I once went to get my nails done because my back was hurting. True story!
1	Umm...okay. So...normally I go to Princess Nails to get my eyebrows waxed. I should've learned my lesson. I'm definately not a fan...Sadly I am extremely OCD about my eyebrows. Now I have to go home an tweeze my eyebrows to get them just right ugh.The annoyance doesn't even stop there When we got to the part about paying (she wasn't paying attention) charged my card for another persons mani/pedi. Umm $10 eyebrow vs $45 mani/pedi. I had to tell her once she gave me my receipt that it wasn't mine. She insisted for a second then thought an OMG was to fix the problem. She then said she would refund me in cash... Ok fine. Once again NOT PAYING ATTENTION said shed give me back $30...umm...$10 eyebrowMistakenly charges my card $45Refunds me in cash $30WTF?Whatever I ended up correcting her again and once more OMG was uttered...With a less than mediocre eyebrow wax and an extremely confused woman who doesn't know how to do basic math...I don't think I'll be coming back.BTW I did tip.
1	I had an appointment for 11:30 and wasn't seen until 12:15. My feet got started in a bath that was cold, then adjusted by another worker, then I sat there waiting for someone to acknowledge me for another 20 minutes. The pedicure was fine except for the polish job, which was rushed and has bubbled up. I could've made it look better myself. I won't be a repeat customer, even if the pedi was cheap ($25). You pay for what you get, as I should know by now!
2	Decent job on my pedicure, but my nails looked like a child painted them. My biggest complaint is that the place was kind of dirty...could use some attention from a cleaning service. Overall I'd go there in a pinch but my quest to find a good nail place since moving to Bloomfield continues...
3	I get my nails done here .. But olny thing about This they don't do super cool nails like they do in LAno cool design or nothing .. I wish this shop would Get all the cool shit for nails.. Not just for old lady's
5	I ran into this nail salon accidentally because I needed to get my nails done and recently moved into the area to do a one month rotation at UPMC Shadyside for pharmacy school. They are conveniently located and their services are cheap and pretty reasonable. I always get the builder gel nails with shellac nail color and the lady that did my nails did an extremely good job and also she didn't take forever doing them (less than 1 hr)! Plenty of color choices and very friendly (and also the people that work there are fluent in english, so no awkwardness)! I would definitely recommend! :)
3	I loved that I didn't have to wait (although it was a cold, Sunday afternoon).I found the environment pretty and peaceful.I was upset though that they don't offer airbrushing. Also, I had to pay extra for white tips because of this. The main reason why I give 3 stars is because it took the guy well over an hour & a half hours to do my nails, yet there were still air bubbles! I informed him about it as soon as i noticed but he didnt do anything. I'm not complaining about the length of time, but they should've been fabulous for that amount of time working on nails. Maybe I will try a different person or just go for the pedis.
2	I don't get my nails done here anymore because .. I would get my nails done the I'm goin back in a week for a fill.. And my nails kept breaking and I had to keep getting them fixed.. Pluse they don't do Kewl nails.. All the nails u see up I did or bought in my own polish.. And only 2pepole do nails there and they have this old black lady working that is so WACK!! Don't go here.. Cuz all they do is gel nails GET UR GAME UP!!!
3	You're not going to have a relaxing spa experience here, but you are also not going to leave this salon completely broke.For $35 you can get a pretty good mani/pedi.  The pedicures are better than the manicures, or maybe thats because I always look so much better leaving the salon after the pedicure than before...This salon is clean and the technicians are friendly.  They dont do nail art, but it is no longer 1995 and full on portraits on your nails look stupid.  They do offer gel manicures, but I have not had one (ever, actually).I would recommend this place, its easy to get an appointment but you can also just walk in--i have never had to wait.
1	I don't know why I keep going to nail salons last minute expecting them to do a decent eyebrow wax. I should never have to pick up a mirror 10 times to tell you that they aren't even. Don't hire people that act like it's their first time waxing a face. I'm no ones guinea pig. Once again another ultimate fail by Shadyside Nails
5	I love Shadyside! The big asian lady with the really long hair did my nails and boy did she do an amazing job. I think her name was Navie. Ask for her, she's great and she's really funny. Overall, I'd definitely come again!
5	I love Shadyside! A big asian lady with long hair did my nails and she did an amazing job! I think her name was Navie. Ask for her, she's great and also very funny. Overall, I'd definitely come again!
5	I love Shady Side. A big asian lady did my nails and I love it. I think her name was Navie. Ask for her, she's great. Overall, I'd definitely come again!
3	My toes look pretty. That's the important thing. Maybe not the most extravagant pedi I've received, but for $25 I'm okay.A couple things I will note. The water wasn't very warm, especially for a cold day, it would have been nice. I loved the messaging chairs and the exfoliating scrub she messaged up to my knees! The service was friendly though, and that's important. For a no frills pedi, just to get your feet looking pretty, this place works.
1	You hear the horror stories and you think, "that won't happen to me." Then the nail tech cuts you, twice, and you think "eh, that's won't be anything." Then you wake up the next day and each big toe is screaming at you and throbbing red, cartoon-style.  Accidents happen, so I'm not saying I'll never go back; and I haven't had a chance to call the salon yet so there's that... But, it was pretty clear to me that my pedicurist on Saturday was either new, or oblivious to the fact that when you [accidentally] nick someone you really need to disinfect the area immediately.  My fault for not speaking up, but I was busy taking sharp intakes of breath like the wuss I am.  Thankfully, after several doses of hydrogen peroxide (I've never seen it foam like THAT) and multiple layers of Neosporin, it appears that I'll be able to keep my toes. Fingers (and toes) crossed.  Lesson learned: speak up when something like this happens to you. Make sure they disinfect the cut(s) or get a manager.  Your toes deserve the best!  Note: I have experienced several successful pedicures here before and am hoping this was an isolated incident. P.S. I made appointments for myself and my guest to get pedicures together at 1:15. Not only did we get in around 2, but the appointments were staggered.  Just a heads up that appointments don't mean much here.
