3	Service was pretty slow here, but if you're not in a rush, then perhaps this is the place for you.The food was really terrific-- we had a wonderfully prepared veal dish, and the prices were very reasonable.  Just make sure to be aggressive about flagging down the waiter!
5	Wow!My wife and I visited l'evidence after asking a friend to surprise us with her restaurant choice.  I ordered eggs benedict with smoked salmon & capers.  It arrived with a mountain of fresh fruit and it tasted delicious.  I will go back to this restaurant for sure.The atmosphere was friendly, and the waiters accommodated our beastly stroller with delight.  Service was fast too!
4	I eat breakfast here whenever I am in Montreal. All there bennedict plates have a massive fruit sculpture on your plate. Delicious. Their fresh squeezed OJ is amazing as well.
4	Love this place! I adore eggs benedict and not only do they do several awesome eggs benedict here, they serve them with a veritable sculpture of fruits. I loved this place so much, I went here two days in a row during my stay in Montreal. The first time I ordered the La Complete, which was a generous portion of eggs benedict that included ham, Swiss cheese and portobello mushrooms. Awesome. The second time I ordered the L'Evidente, which was an eggs benedict featuring  ham, artichokes and blue cheese. So delicious! If you love eggs benedict, you will love this place. The sculpture of fruit is a great way to finish out your meal. The fruit I was served included large portions of orange, banana, watermelon, mango, etc. All the eggs benedicts also came with homefries, which were decent, but nothing special. The cafe au lait is also fantastic. They have a small terrase outside. Service was a little slow, but fine if you want to linger over your meal. The only drawback here is the bathrooms which do not match the nice decor of the terrase, the bar, and the restaurant proper. 5 stars for the food and the restaurant atmosphere, but they lose a star for bathrooms. The stalls were constructed out of wood panelling and generic, hardware store style locks and featured ads from the 80s or early 90s. Go, eat the eggs benedict, enjoy the terrase, but skip the bathrooms.
4	I can't stop thinking about their mussels and fries special.  I'm serious, it was perfect.  I was starving, I love mussels, I love fries, I love mayo and I love a glass of white wine.  A-MAZ-ING!Their brunch looked money so I'd recommend trying that.  The fruit looked fresh, juicy and colorful!I will be back!!
5	Tried this place on a lazy Saturday morning. The L'arc en Ciel eggs benedict with smoked salmon is amazing. Service is a little slow but overall its pretty good.Remember that you have to pay at the counter...we didn't realize that. ooops
5	Awesome, awesome breakfast and very nice and professional staff! Heaps of great breakfast fruits and toasts and eggs. We invaded the place two mornings in a row with a large group of rowdy roller girls and they were super accomodating about it. Highly recommended!
3	We stumbled in here after our intended destination was unexpectedly closed, and were very happy with what we ended up with, food-wise. I did think the service was slow, and the roasted potatoes I had were not cooked entirely through, which was kind of a downer. But overall, their brunch food is very good (just maybe get fries instead; they'll cook through more quickly!). The fruit section of my plate in particular was ripe and tasty. There are a lot of good options along this bit of Saint-Denis, but this was definitely cost-effective (I think my omelet plate was well under 10 dollars CAD), and good enough as the beginning of a solid day out and about in Montreal. There's a lovely back dining room if you don't want to be outdoors, and the staff, if a bit slow, are quite friendly. If it isn't too crowded, you would do well to stop here. I do think there are better places up and down the block, but this is a far from bad option.
3	Came here on a Saturday morning, not busy at all. You would expect quick service, but nope, we're in Montreal. We didn't venture into new territory with our choice, going for the 2 eggs and french toast and the 2 eggs combo with pancakes. Nothing extraordinary, just regular breakfast fare. If youre looking for something exciting, check out L'Avenue.Also, if you search for L'Evidence on restomontreal there's a coupon for 12% off. We forgot to mention it to the server but take the opportunity to save some money =)
5	Probably the best breakfast I had in Montreal. A block away from where we stayed on St Denis. Their outdoor patio is great for people watching. Ordered my beloved Montreal bagel on a poached egg. My dish came with a generous side of fresh fruit, including a banana, watermelon. Their orange juice was freshly squeezed. Delicious! Get the large rather than the small. Their grapefruit juice was equally good. Homefries were decent but not the main event. Compared to everything else on St-Denis, their prices were pretty decent.Note: Paying is at the counter.
4	I have been 2-3 times to this restaurant for brunch. It is a nice alternative to l'avenue or other restaurant on Mont Royal. The food is good and fresh. Their basic breakfast is a good value (2 eggs, meat, potatoes, fruit, coffee for 6$ ish). I have not tried their other breakfast, but everything I saw around me looked good. The coffee is fresh and good. The waitresses can be busy at time and you may have to wait for coffee refills, but overall, the service is pretty good. They have menus in English and French. The place is pretty big, so there is usually a relatively small or absent waiting line, even on Saturday or Sunday morning/brunch time. It is good for small groups, children, couples, etc...
3	Went here for lunch on a Satuday - service was good, and had a great pitcher of sangria.  Had the croque monsieur ... not that great, at least compared to what you get in France.  They gave me a steak knife with it, because the bread was incredibly hard to cut through.  My friend had an avocado-grilled shrimp salad which was nice.
3	All right, so this place is pretty sweet with its terrasse out front and glorious brunch menu. HOWEVER, (isn't there always a "But" disguised as "However?") the service was, I hate to say, poor at best. I arrived after a 30 minute bicycle ride to meet my breakfast posse, and not only was I sweating, I was also starving. Time ticked on...tick tock...forty-five minutes later our server brought us some waters and menus...and this was only after I had tracked down another server to inquire as to who would be hitting up our table. This is uncool in my books. Perhaps I was just feeling like an infant because I was hungry, and perhaps the service is normally pretty stellar. I really can't say, but what I CAN say is that the food was great when it finally arrived and we didn't feel like we were being hurried along at any point. This is key considering the place was jam packed with other brunch champions. I suppose I'll return to L'evidence at some point for round 2 in the hopes that we won't have to wait ages for attention...after all, who likes waiting for attention? I'll tell you - NO ONE!
4	We happened upon L'evidence from a referral from the pizza/Italian place down the block (he wasn't open yet, so he sent us here). We were walking in one of the worst snow storms Montreal has seen since 1971. (12/27/12). We had a really great lunch/brunch. My kids were thrilled with the steamed hot chocolate. I had a crepe wth spinich, goat cheese and brie. My husband ordered the eggs benedict and was very happy with the size and taste of his meal. We had really great service (we were one of the few parties in the restaurant due to the weather). We were visiting from Detroit and found our experience to be very "Montreal". We had a great meal with a very warm and inviting environment.
5	Wonderful restaurant! Friendly service, affordable prices, and the food was amazing. My wife and I went for breakfast, I had, "the special," and she had the Eggs Benedict. All the breakfasts come with coffee, fruit, and toast. Which is an awesome touch.  My food was delicious and they even were nice enough to allow my wife to make substitutions on her Benedict. Definitely a new regular.
4	Lots of variety on menu. Slow service but very kind and polite. Moules marinieres were too salty. Baked beans were sweet and delicious.
3	Came here today for some Sunday brunch. Ordered a spinach omelette with goat cheese.  Pros - Omelette was terrific! Lots of goat cheese which always makes me happy. - You sort of got what you expect from a typical brunch. - Can't really complain about the price.Cons - Felt like it was feeding time at the nursing home - Server was totally uninterested  - I really do hate it when restaurants don't pay attention to coffee levels. I shouldn't have to ask twice for coffee before giving up and attacking my friends cup.  - Bring your sunglasses! Lighting over kill - The walls of mirrors could use some windex.
3	This is probably one of those restaurants where the quality of meal really depends on your luck. The first time I came here, the food was incredibly slow but worthwhile in the end. The eggs came out just shy of perfect. The second time we waited well past half an hour, and the meal was mediocre at best. The eggs were overcooked, the and the Hollandaise sauce a cooling puddle of gel coagulating over the food. One thing is quite certain: be prepared to wait.
