5	This place is wonderful!  The food is delicious, the staff attentive, the decor is beautiful and they were also wonderful with our young child.  What a lovely find in The Grassmarket; a more trendy young atmosphere.  The only strange thing is the smell that sometimes comes in from the cheese shop below.
3	Located in the popular Victoria Street I was rather looking forward to my spontaneous date here. Granted this was a while ago. Being a Saturday night, and we had not booked a table(I know dumb for this popular street but it was a very last minute arrangement) we had to wait for a bit in their small lounge they have as you walk in. We were eventually seated at a table upstairs which sadly was right where the door where orders were coming in and out from. The interior of this restaurant is quite dark and "heavy" I suppose to match the old building. It is a cool building but the tables are tiny and there is no leg room at all. The sound levels are quite high as well, because of the echo bouncing off.Our waitress brought everything at once, starters and mains which was a bit annoying. The humus was nothing impressive but I did like my North African style tangine. The house wine is not very good so I would suggest perhaps one of the other options they have. Because of its atmospheric gloominess I would suggest coming here for dinner rather than lunch.  Also their student deal of a three course dinner on Tuesdays for 15 pounds has me tempted to try this place again soon.
4	This is a fantastic restaurant that offers an amazing student deal that I urge people to take advantage of!I've been here three times on various special occasions and never been disappointed. The interior is all part of the experience, 'atmospheric gloominess' is probably a good way to put it (reference from Anna F!) but the experience is anything but gloom! The wait staff are attentive and the food is fantastic.An odd mix of French, Scottish and North African food means that haggis, snails and tagines all feature on the menu. I wasn't brave enough for the snails either time I went but I can vouch for the haggis and tagine.It was in Maison Bleue that I had the best cheesecake I've ever eaten, it is the standard to which I hold all other cheesecakes and none has ever matched it!
4	Great meal. Mix of Middle Eastern, French, and Scottish styles. The fried haggis balls and tempura frog legs were stand outs. Not sure why this place isn't getting more love here. Would definitely go here again.
5	Yummy!This place has very delicious food, some quality wines, and great service, but the thing that really makes this restaurant is the ambience. I don't know why, but getting the volume, tempo and feel of background music just right is something that most restaurants fail to do  not so at Maison Bleue. They have it sorted. It's unobtrusive, and perfect for dining. The soft-lighting is perfect too, even if you are here with two others for a semi-business meal, rather than staring across the table into the eyes of a loved one on a romantic night out.Not being a french speaker, there were a few items on the menu I didn't know, but the friendly wait staff were very happy to help out. Between three, we shared the chef's recommended starter plates, which came as 6 separate items on two plates; I highly recommend the aubergine, halloumi and caramelised onion stacks. Mmm mmm. For the main, my companions both enjoyed (and recommended) monkfish cheeks cooked in Moroccan spices accompanied by Ratatouille, and my sea bream with shrimp risotto was yummy! One of my companions believes you can judge a restaurant by the quality of the Creme Brulee. and, well, next time I won't be sharing mine.The restaurant is handy to the grassmarket and royal mile, so is the perfect place for a tourist to finish off a day exploring the city, or for a local to kick off an evening out.The only thing I have to complain about is that you have to climb two flights of stairs to get to use the washroom  but maybe that isn't a bad thing after indulging in creme brulee and a few glasses of vino?I thoroughly enjoyed the evening Maison Bleue should definitely be on everyones list of places to dine.
2	There is a rule in Edinburgh that French restaurants must have a name that is formed from an easily-recognized noun followed by a colour, and Maison Bleue is no exception.The place is a labyrinth of small rooms in an Old Town building, where the ground floor rooms are a bit dingy (or intimate, if you prefer). Go upstairs for more fresh air and if you're by the window a lovely view onto on Victoria street.I found the food to be a little on the pretentious side, particularly with the starters whose presentation was just too fiddly. The tagine I had for my main course was good, but I wasn't bowled over.It's worth saying my impressions were perhaps negatively coloured by the service. We'd been seated and had barely had change to look over the menu when the waiter returned to say there'd been a mistake and our table was booked. We were returned to the waiting area and left languishing for a good ten minutes before being shown upstairs. Now everyone makes mistakes, but in my book that kind of treatment warrants an offer of free drinks or a plate of amuse-gueules at least: something to occupy us during the wait and make up for the inconvenience. No such luck here.Rather unhappy with the service, and while the food was good, it wasn't good enough to tempt me to try the place again.
4	A great atmosphere with fantastic food. They have a great set menu for lunch and dinner. The only negative thing about the place is how close you are to the other tables.
1	second visit, fist time i gave 5 star, Now place has lost all stars.We had 3 course  dinner meny again 27,50.Calamares-bad and to spicyHaggis balls-Was ok-Todays special-Fish, dry dont possible to eat-shame on the chef??Duck-Dry and other shit on the plate was also bad.Didnt want any dessert, but they let us pay anyway fullprice.Staff was friendly and nice.But the place has lost it and im sorry for that, 70 sterling of waiste for me.
4	Sunday night of the May long weekend and we didn't have a reservation. After being turned away at a couple of places, we stumbled upon la Maison Bleu and thought that the menu looked interesting.  After a short wait in their comfy lounge, they managed to squeeze us in.  Yes the tables are pretty close to one another, but the old stone structure seems to absorb the noise.The service was very friendly, prompt and efficient.  No sign of a smell that other reviewers referred to.  The food was very good.  I had the venison which was very tasty.  One thing I have discovered in Scotland, however, is that when the waiter asks you how you'd like it done, always order it one degree rarer than you would in North America - so if you want medium, order medium rare.  I don't know what you should do if you want it rare.In spite of the French name, the decor and aspects of the menu suggest a North African than Parisian experience.  Perhaps Algerian?  All in all, a good choice and I'm glad that the other places we had tried had no room for us.
3	Went here for lunch one day when couldn't get in anywhere else (Festival time) they had a good concept on the menu and did their best not to let us get away but this was a busy time and we probably waited a wee bit too long. The food was good it was a french take on Tapas basically, but the coffee was not great and despite 2 attempts the staff didn't seem to know what we were talking about. More training required.None the less I would be happy to try it again maybe for dinner next time.
5	This is a must.  Once you've had your fill of potatoes, haggis, and sausage... or really before you have these other things that you almost can't avoid in the UK and Ireland...  Go to this restaurant.  I've been here twice in three years.  It hasn't changed.  It's still amazing.  The wine is good.  The food is fabulous.  The atmosphere of the old stone and the winding stair case is so romantic.  Anything you order will be worth it.
5	The ambience is amazing,cozy couches in beautiful colors,sturdy wooden tables, great lighting, candles everywhere. It's romantic and sexy all in one. PERFECT date spot. On to the food .... Haggis balls fried beautifully with the yummiest sauce I was soaking it up with the bread. The ceviche was very good but a lot of work for not a lot of fish .... I wouldn't get it again. For the main course I got the root risotto which was so creamy and just the perfect amount for such a rich dish so so so good. My hubs got the venison served with green beans, and potatoes. The venison deserves a review of its own it was cooked perfectly not to gamey and it just melted in your mouth. It actually was really good with the risotto so we were glad we had ordered both! Great wine list as well as scotch! Lots around the area for after dinner drinks as we'll! LOVED it and would recommend highly!
5	Exploring Edinburgh on the night of arrival for the first time, we came upon this little place on the way up the hill to the castle, and boy are we glad we did.  We were looking for something a little different (and not too expensive),  We were a bit tired of the typical pub grub found throughout the UK (and certainly in Edinburgh) and this place certainly complied nicelyThe dining room is set up with a slightly off-beat decor.  There is a mixture of plush and traditional seating.  The lighting is on the dark side, but it helps to enhance the atmosphere of the place.  Alternative/pop music is played at soothing levels, further enhancing the ambiance of the restaurant.As for the food, it was very good.  I had a mussels as an appetizer and it was just what I was looking for.  The venison casserole I had as my main was delicious.  It was quite hearty and felt just right on a damp afternoon.The staff was very pleasant and were extremely accommodating, making a god meal even better.  I would come here again.
2	Pretentious and annoying. I'm trying to remember what I ate, but find that my enduring feeling as I finally got to leave that restaurant was relief, and optimism at finding friendly faces outside this super hip place. I'll grant that we were there during a busy time, but everywhere else we went has been terrific. The people of this city are incredibly gracious and welcoming. Not at Maison Bleue! We were taken to a remote corner table and ignored for a long time. Our order was taken by a very inpatient waitress who had little to say when asked questions. Our request for a second round of drinks was forgotten and we had to flag down another staff member to ask for them again. Of course both we were billed for all the drinks. There are so many good options around. Don't waste your time here.
5	After building up an appetite walking around the city, I stumbled upon this place and decided to give it a go. The service was great and all the wait staff was very nice and attentive. My server took care to verify that everything I ordered was indeed dairy-free. She was very nice and checked on me several times to ensure I was enjoying my food. The space is great and I loved the decor - old wood tables, big comfy chairs, a winding spiral staircase up to the bathrooms...I thought it was bohemian but not trashy. I'd take a date there, or go have dinner with a few friends. I started with the haggis balls in whisky sauce (without the mashed potatoes due to dairy). This was my first time eating haggis and it was really good. Highly recommended. I then had the ribeye steak and it was very good; not as good as a ribeye I'd make at home and nothing like a juicy steak from (insert favorite upscale American steak house here) but it was still worth it. Overall: highly recommended. I'll go back for sure.
3	We were accommodated for a Saturday mid-afternoon lunch without reservation. Hectic but mindful service welcomed us.  Offered our choice of available table, we were quickly seated.Ordered off the set lunch menu and had mussels for starters, then the rib-eye and coq au vin.  Fresh mussels in a light flavourful broth were tender to the bite.  Presentation was right on.  First bite of the Coq au vin was properly good.  The sauce was well made, deserving of a traditional dish.  A bit disappointed with the rest of the dish as the latter two drumsticks were overly braised, to a slight burn and dryness.  The steak which was requested rare, looked drab in need of a hotter skillet for its quick sizzle.  But I was told the taste of it was much better than it appeared, and had a good flavour to it.  Most of the staff were friendly with quick service, albeit with a rush and clamour to it all.  But ambiance and presentation helps this establishment make it a bit more than three stars..3.2?(insert: dry chuckle)Always seems busy this place~makes sense.. would give it a *yay for coming back
5	Wow. Favourite restaurant in Edinburgh hands down. I used to come here all the time when I lived in Edinburgh years ago but that was before my Yelp days! My oh my. The haggis balls for starter....get them!!!! The special fish dish for main was INCREDIBLE (see pic) amazingly beautiful restaurant and top class food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
