4	Fredo's does do a great job of portraying a family deli in the heart of Dormont. I've tried a few of their sandwiches and have to say that my go-to favorite has to be the Italian. IT"S AWESOME!!I like to go in and see all the authentic candy, drinks, whatever kind of stuff they have on the shelves that are in labeled in languages I can't pronounce. It's also an added benefit that the employees talk to each other in a foreign language. Nothing is cooler than going to a place and hearing the workers yell at each other in a foreign language. Are they talking about you? Are they talking about the food? Who knows...? It's all mysterious, and it adds to the excitement of getting your food. I always polish my sandwiches down with an ice cold Fanta or Orange soda. I suggest you do the same yo..
5	Just recently moved from Ohio to Dormont. Couldn't believe there was a Bosnian restaurant right down the street from me. They are super friendly and remembered my name after only one visit. I always get the large cevape.
2	I had been ordering about once a week for a few months for lunch and was very happy with the service and food. Prices are reasonable and food quality better than average. Last week I found a hair in my salad which I understand will happen but of course I did not eat it. I called a week later to place an order and informed them of the hair and was only asking for a replacement salad for the one I had to toss. I was then informed that there was nothing that could be done because I did not call immediately and prove the hair was there.Its not a free salad issue to me , just principal. I had spent hundreds of dollars there and was clearly just looking for some customer service. Just a warning that if you find something in your food drop everything you are doing and call immediately or they will not help you.I will personally not be ordering from there again.
5	I love this place! It's right across the street from where I work.  The food is great and the family that runs it is even better.  Grilled Italiano Panini is my favorite.
