3	Go Go China - where do I begin?Food overall is pretty good.  Is it real chinese?  It would be your typical american style chinese.  Is it the best you've ever had?  Not necessarily, but pretty good considering there are very few good chinese take out places in the area (and Phoenix, for that matter).  I totally dig the hot and sour soup.  Other dishes are very flavorful (unlike a lot of bland chinese I've had in the valley) and I feel they go the extra mile where other places cut corners any way they can.  People there are friendly, and I always make it a point to say hi to who I believe is the owner and his wife that cook in the back.I've seen people comment before on their health department reviews, which like any restaurant has had their share of infractions.  And don't believe just because the health dept. hasn't found them doesn't mean they exist if you think your favorite restaurant is squeaky clean.  I'm the kind of person that doesn't obsess about sanitation especially when facing a great meal of street tacos, take out chinese, or whatever. You do not want to dine inside.  This place is strictly take-out.  Sure, you could eat there if you want, but it is COMPLETELY devoid of any atmosphere.  The tables are really just for people waiting to get their food to go.They also deliver, and have an extensive menu.  There are some good appetizers mixed with cantonese, mandarin, szechwan, and hunan-style dishes.Prices are very affordable too, and they have coupons frequently.
4	Have you ever had a day, where you just didn't want to get out of bed at all?  I mean not even to go to the bathroom?  Well, if you are anything like Mr. Dallas G, you may ask, what could implore you to stay in bed all day?  Well Mr. G, the company of a lovely woman was number one on my list on this particular Saturday.  At about 1:30 in the afternoon, we both started to get ravenous.  I had been having cravings for Chinese food since about 11 PM the previous night.  My lovely bed mate suggested Go Go China.  I had never eaten here before and am a little reluctant to branch out from my usual go to Chinese place.  Once the stunning sack-mate informed me that they deliver and I would not have to leave the bed, I was sold.  She even went downstairs and got the menu! Goddess material, right?  We perused the menu and made our decisions.  I had the task of calling in the order.  A man answered and it was barely discernible what language they were speaking.  After inquiring about placing an order for delivery I was told that they would call back in exactly 6 minutes.  I began to question this, but the other line had already gone dead.  So, we waited the 6 minutes and by golly the phone rang.  I ask to place the order, but am first bombarded with what seems like a CIA inquiry.  After passing the interrogation I am finally allowed to place the order.  Sesame Chicken lunch special for me, which included wonton soup and pork fried rice, and Chicken Lo Mein with chicken fried rice and a pork egg roll.  We also got a shrimp egg roll.  I was worried when they quoted a 45-60 minute wait for delivery.  So, when the food arrived in 20 minutes I was ecstatic.  The beautiful woman next to me went downstairs to retrieve the food and everything.  From atop Mount Olympus she must have come.The wonton soup was really good, the fried rice was really good,  the Sesame chicken was really good, and the egg roll was really good.  The ravishing Ms. M next to me said all of her food was really good too. Overall, the food was really good.  The best part, aside from being in a bed with a gorgeous woman, eating Chinese food, and not really worrying about anything, the total with delivery and tip was only $21!  To this half-breed Jew, that is the silver lining my friends.   If you find yourself stuck to your mattress and are in need of some sustenance, call Go Go China, wait 6 minutes for a call back and get it delivered.  They truly did.
1	Another disgusting tasting Chinese joint in Phoenix.  My order was simple - steamed dumplings and wonton soup.  The meat inside the filling tasted like something very questionable - not pork, not chicken, not beef.  Something dark and oily and ominous.  I could not eat either dish as both tasted as if they were filled with meat from the same mystery animal.Waste of money.  So I ended up eating a small portion of a visiting relative's chicken and shrimp combo which was almost devoid of meat (might be a good thing, actually) and had absolutely no spice or kick or flavor. Will not be back.
1	Terrible.  Terrible.  Terrible.  I ordered Chicken Chow Mein.  After waiting 40 minutes, it was delivered...with no noodles.  So I called and told them that they brought me the wrong thing.  They said they would run another one over.  They brought the same thing again.  Apparently, according to them, chow mein does not have any noodles besides a crispy noodle.  I lived in San Francisco for 10 years, went to numerous Chinese food restaurants, and every time I ordered chow mein, it had noodles.It was gross.  I will never order from there again.
1	Horrible food place was dirty and we found something in our vegetable low Keon that was neither vegetable or noodle. Looked like an insect and had a hard crispy outer shell. Made me and my wife want to vomit
1	Will never order again.  Supposedly we got chicken chow mein, but I can't confirm it was actually chicken.  We also got beef with broccoli.  Broccoli seemed safe, but not sure what they grey meat was that came with it.  Never will order again.
1	Disgusting Chinese food. After the dirty diner let out that they had several major violations I knew I would never be back...
4	This is the only Chinese place I order from. They are very good with delivery, always on time, and always have the exact thing I order. This place should have more stars, they don't have five star food by any means, but you get the good value you pay for. Best Chinese delivery in the area. Ordered from "Yang House" twice, and was very disappointed they never delivered what I ordered, so I looked else where and found this nice little gem.BY THE WAY, this place is real NY style Chinese; if you order chow mein (like our friend Nicole H. here) you will get no noodles. If noodles are included in the dish you want, read the menu, and order lo mein.
1	I will not be ordering from here again. The only good thing I ordered was the cream cheese wontons. All of the vegetables had a really funky taste, and the garlic chicken had no garlic flavor.
1	I ordered from this place for the first and last time tonight. The ordering process went well and I was quoted the average chinese restaurant delivery time (1 hour to an hour 15). After an hour and 40 minutes, my LUKEWARM order arrived. The lemon chicken that my boyfriend got tastes oddly like dryer sheets (it sounds sarcastic, but it's not) and my "mongolian beef" tastes like phoenix tap-water. It's got this dirty metallic taste. Very odd..... Oh, and our cream-cheese wontons are cold and rubbery.  All this "great food" for only $31? Yippee! I will never order from this place again and I suggest you don't either.
5	it is some of the most delicious Chinese food I've ever had.
3	Delivery took 2 hours! I can understand on weekend...but on a Wednesday, wow!  I called to ask where my order was and I was placed on hold.  I could hear the guy talking to the other person the other phone, he was apologizing for their late order too.  As least when the food arrived it was good food.  The pork fried rice was the best part, its nice to see that was a option for the meals.
1	awful tasteless food, ordered chicken chow mein chicken like rubber, sweet and sour pour and chicken no vegtables or pineapple and cherries one little bag of noodles cost me 32 dollars for an awful meal for my family ,when called woman said they are getting plenty of complaints since they went under new MGR 2 years ago NO refund mgr doesnot even speak english, get a new chef or call Gordon Ramsay in :) This place needs help for now on I will use panda express.
1	NO NO NO, this placemakes Panda Express seem gourmet. Garbage food!
1	This place was terrible!!  I placed an order for pick up beef fried rice, shrimp fried rice, and two egg rolls real hard order right.  When I arrived I told the high school kid behind the counter what I had ordered and he said you didn't order egg rolls.  When I said I did he went to the back and ordered them.  After 5 minutes he puth them in the bag and I handed him a Visa card, he swiped it and got an error message and said Oh we dont take this card?  So instead of confusing him I paid cash.  Took three minutes to get home, opened food up rice was barely warm and egg rolls were cold.  I will NEVER eat at this place again.
1	The worst.  I ordered chow fun, wide noodles.  Got home and they were skinny noodles.  Called them and got some bullshit response.  They will NEVER get my business again.
1	I ate this food for 10 years until they decided to not deliver my food and not answer the telephone. Do not order from this place. I REPEAT, DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE.
1	Ordered for delivery and after an hour and a half without my food I drove down and was told they had not even started my order. NEVER GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.
1	Pretty bad when you order your food,  it  never shows up and they wont answer your calls.   We drive down and they say they never even started our order.   Stay away,  Chinese food is not rocket science,  this establishment is awful.Let's call it "No No China"  as you won't ever get your food.
2	My first time here. I ordered chicken with garlic sauce, hot & sour soup and chicken rice soup (in place of sizzling rice soup, which they did not have). The chicken with garlic sauce was the best of the three. The flavor was good and had a good amount of chicken and veggies. It also has some kick to it. The rice in the chicken rice soup soaked up all the broth making it rather gross. The hot & sour soup was also a huge disappointment. The broth was thin like chicken soup - there was absolutely no thickness to it, which I'm used to. It only had a couple pieces of chicken. The only pro was that it was open late.
4	This is my go-to Chinese food place when I want delivery or my GF and I can't decide on a meal.The food is consistently above average and in have NEVER experienced bad service.  Od course, I always order through GrubHub and I assume that may have something to do with it.I recommend: Moo-Shu ChickenSpring RollsBrown RiceWonton Soup
1	Everyone out there do not order from this place it is horrible disgusting and spoiled food Go Go China is horrible horrible horrible and they will not even give my refund back and didn't even eat my food  they shouldn't even stand in business
1	No good
1	Ordered delivery and waited 90 min only to receive the least appetizing Chinese food I've ever had.
4	Food is reasonably priced and good must have cleaned up their act. Not dirty now perhaps they have new owners.
1	Ordered 2 different dishes and got the same exact thing. Couldn't tell which of the 2 considering it was comparable to a sweet and sour sauce neither of which I ordered. Fried rice? Nope. Panda express is better and that is saying a lot.
2	Wish you could give ZERO stars. Ordered online for delivery. Over an hour later with still no food I called. The guy said they tried calling me three times to say something was wrong with my card but no one had called me! Total lie. The online order went through and there's nothing wrong with card!Ok. Changed to 2 stars.  Delivery guy just showed up with food an hour and a half after i ordered. He played like he didn't know what I was talking about. I think they hurried, made food and delivered. My kids were ecstatic so we're happy now.  But the chow mein and moo goo gai pan were the exact same things.
1	go go is a no no, dinner had no taste, fried rice was undercooked and dumplings were bland and tasteless, this was a first and a last time for us
