1	Brought my watch in for a simple resizing (for only $8, very affordable)... less then a week after receiving the watch the links broke while i was sitting in my office and I had to bring it back in... OVER two weeks later they have finally repaired the links, and they tried to charge me another $12 and they blamed me for breaking the watch...It's a $900 watch, they clearly didn't size it properly and then they have the nerve to try and charge me; when I told them it was their fault they threw critisism at me for being cheap then motioned to my girlfriend who was holding the 3 year old she nannys for and said "looks like you could use the money"... After I called them out for being total DICKS they asked me to leave and never come back... (NO PROBLEM THERE)Extremely unporfessional and very rude employees. Never going to them EVER again... Just wanted my damn watch to fit, good thing there are a MILLION other jewlers who understand good service!
5	I took a necklace in to get repaired.  They were quite busy. The owner was helping someone who was selling some old jewlery.  While I was waiting I was watching how paitent he was with her while she was trying to decide what to sell or keep.I had thought about selling some stuff and had recently taken it to another store just to see what I could get.  When I went back to pickup my repair, I brought in my old items.  He offered me about 20% more than the other place I had gone to.I would definitely recommend them for selling gold/silver and repairs.  And  they have some very nice jewerly too.
5	Enjoyed my experience with Scott, Jill and all the others at Scottsdale Fine Jewelers. Everyone was very knowledgeable and easy to work with.  I needed to resize a few rings, update a few pieces and  also had a  custom piece of jewelry made for me.  Everything turned out just perfect. I will be back!
5	Scottsdale Fine Jewelers helped my fiance make me the happiest girl in all the world! Scott picked out (all on his own) and purchased my engagement setting from here and since the blissful day that he got down on one knee and asked me to be his wife, I have since made Scottsdale Fine Jewelers my go-to jewelery shop! We are in the process of purchasing our wedding bands from here too. I absolutely love the locally-owned feel of this jeweler. Typically it takes at least a week or more to get a ring re-sized, but here they can do it within hours! This means I don't have to part with my dear ring! The owner, his wife and their staff are incredibly friendly and very helpful with everything. I am searching for earrings to wear with my wedding dress and they have a great selection. If I'm lucky, my wallet might permit me to purchase a pair from here! Speaking of pricing, they have some extremely reasonably priced jeweler as well as very high-end jewelery. No matter the budget, chances are they have something. During my visits, I browsed the display cases and noticed a nice selection of engagement rings, bands and regular jewelery. They also can make anything you need because they have an in-house jeweler! I am so happy my fiance chose Scottsdale Fine Jewelers to purchase my ring because now they have a new customer in me too! I also thank them for treating an engagement ring like "an emergency situation" because they sized my engagement ring and got the diamond placed in the setting within a couple days and just in time for the weekend so that my fiance could propose!After the proposal, I got to know Scottsdale Fine Jewelers very well! We both first stopped in to say thank you and to get my ring sized (I gave my fiance the wrong ring size!) They were very nice and friendly with everything! We knew right away that we wanted to use them for our wedding bands, so in January, we stopped by to begin the search. My fiance's band was easy to find because he just wanted a classic platinum band. However, mine was not so easy! My ring is very unique and because of that, the band had to be made to match the ring. The jewelers said that he could get it made through the designer out of NYC who made my engagement ring, but they also offered to create it in-house with their jeweler to cut the cost. We decided to go in-house and wow, their in-house jeweler is certainly talented! I visited Scottsdale Fine Jewelers several times over the next four months and each time it was so enjoyable to stop in and talk to everyone there. I never did get to meet the talented jewelery maker, but her works says it all. The ring matched perfectly to my engagement ring and it looks beautiful! They worked with my schedule and got it to me in time. We loved this jewelery shop so much that my parents ended up surprising me with a pair of earrings to wear on the wedding day and bought my sister the matching ring to wear as my Maid of Honor! Needless to say, Scottsdale Fine Jewelers is now our go-to jeweler and I thank them for making the wedding ring experience so delightful!
5	My husband did an amazing job (thanks to Jill and Scott)picking out my engagement ring! And since then, 2009, we have gone there for all of our jewelry needs! Jill and Scott have helped us to get watches for a great deal! And have also helped us to design some family antique jewelry. We have also sold gold to them for a great price. It's a great family business! I also visit them frequently for cleaning! Always greeted with a smile and they really know their customers! We will continue to use them forever!
5	We have had Jill and Scott at Scottsdale Fine Jewelers in McCormick Ranch handle all of our jewelry needs for years. Whether it be a new custom piece, sizing, trade or repair - the prices, service and overall experience has been excellent ... and fun ! Scott is a diamond guru and has an amazing assortment of great deals on loose diamonds - he offered us a wide range of prices, cuts and options to select from. And the overall  -value-  was fantastic. We bought an engagement ring that took about 5 different trips before the final decision was made - and Jill made every visit informative, enjoyable and friendly. And we had some good laughs in the store while looking at many great options to choose from.It's great to go to a jewelry store that is locally owned. You can trade in some gold or pieces in your collection and get a fair trade-in price -- immediately from the owners -- Jill and Scott. They have an In Store jewelry designer to make anything and a repair technician that can quickly handle an adjustment or repair. We have had rings re-sized and watches repaired same day or next day which is great !If you have an idea for a piece of jewelry, they have the loose diamonds and incomplete jewelry options visible on tablet computers so you can quickly get an idea of what the finished product could look like. Cool.They are patient, sharp, fair and fun to do business with.
5	Totally pleased with the service I received for replacing a battery in my watch. Complicated procedure with the type of watch I  have and they did it onsite!!!  No waiting for 2-3 weeks.  Friendly owners.  Looked like they had some lovely jewelry too!!  Highly recommended!
5	Scott and his staff do a great job of customer service. I have been buying my jewelry from them for over 10 years and have never been sold anything. They take the time to ask questions about my wife and her likes and dislikes and then match a gorgeous piece that she will love. I have never had a bad experience and their prices are very competitive. I high recommend them for any custom jewelry and for engagement rings. They have great prices and and can work with any budget.
1	Earlier this year, I received a beautiful diamond and ruby bee brooch for my birthday. It is a vintage family piece so it has a lot of sentimental value for me. When studying it, I thought I had felt a few loose diamonds. I decided to take it into Scottsdale Fine Jewelers for repair. I met the owner Scott and informed him that I believed there were some loose diamonds and that I wanted the prongs checked and tighten, if need be. I had every intention of leaving it there for repair. He took the bee into the backroom and then came back out with it surprisingly much faster than I anticipated stating that it was fixed and that there was no charge. Of course I was thrilled that there was not a charge and that I could start wearing it, but I was also very skeptical about the amount of time it took him to check all the prongs. Due to that, I did not wear it that often. Three months later I was wearing my bee and when I got home I noticed that a diamond was missing. I was heart broken and furious, I took such care to make sure that would not happen! I took the bee to another jeweler and explained what had happened. He studied it and told me that the previous jeweler, Scottsdale Fine Jewelers, had taken a pair of wide pliers and clamped them over the entire piece, the possibility of the prongs being checked individually was slim to none. He also found a prong that had been cracked due to Scottsdale Fine Jewelers 'repair' work. I was incensed at what had happened! A vintage family piece, that I took such care in to make sure it was properly maintained, now needed work it did not need before. Turns out my skepticism was correct. Why a jeweler would claim a repair was completed when it was not even done to begin with is completely unacceptable. I had thought about taking it back in to Scottsdale Fine Jewelers after the diamond came out, but then decided against it due to the fact that Scott misrepresented his work. Why would I take a chance on him doing so again?I will never step foot into Scottsdale Fine Jewelers again and will tell others not to do so either. If they can't do a simple repair with full disclosure, how can they be trusted?
1	Rude girl on the phone, who was unwilling to answer any questions. So, I took my reset to another wonderful jeweler and gladly spent $1800 there for great workmanship and exceptionally friendly & professional service. Lose the snotty girl who answers the phone and your potential business won't go elsewhere.
