3	This brand-new Korean barbecue is located at the corner of Race and West Water Street in a location which is formally had a coffee shop.
4	Masijta opened on Friday, May 16, 2014. Our party of five people had lunch there on Tuesday, May 20. It's really surprisingly good. I think after they've been open a little longer they will improve on service speed.  The food was delicious. Bibimbap in a hot stone bowl was excellent. I deducted a star for a poorly designed menu and blah interior ambience, including bad acoustics.
5	Best Korean restaurant in Champaign-Urbana. Foods taste really great with friendly prices. Grilled meat is my favorite cus you can do BBQ at your own table. We ordered boneless short ribs, octopus and pork belly. Friendly price. We ordered a lot: two orders of grilled meat, one spicy soup,!one noodle dish and they cost about $23 per person. Will definitely come again.
5	We went today for lunch and really enjoyed it. Nice staff, good food, attentive service, and comfortable, clean interior.  Yes, the menu's design leaves something to be desired, but the important thing is the actual food, which was great.  We got a pleasantly spicy seafood noodle soup (can't spell it!) and seafood bibimbop.  Both were excellent, with a nice mix of seafood (squid, mussles, shrimp, etc) and very flavorful.  The owner came out to say hi, which was nice.  We will be back to try the tableside barbeque!
1	Badly understaffed when we went. One guy seemed to be the only waiter, the host, and the cashier. We left after not having our order taken for 20 minutes (not even a drink order) and being ignored when we tried to flag the guy down. It's too bad, because the place was clean, the decor is great, and we were looking forward to using the brand new grills in the tables.Hopefully they figure things out, and I'll give them another chance in a few months.
2	I understand that Korean restaurants aren't known for their service (I say this as a Korean person), but this place was really terrible. When I alerted the waiter that the lettuce in my salad was brown (i.e., old), he blankly asked me, "So you don't want it anymore?" Eventually the waitress brought me another salad, which was still brown. It took about 7 minutes for me to get water and 10 minutes to get banchan before my meal. They weren't particularly busy. As for the food, on the whole it is too salty.
5	Great food. Friendly staff. Restaurant is very clean and well arranged with plenty of room. All food is cooked to order and came to the table relatively fast. Recently opened business but doing great do far. A+
3	I was surprised to find a korean bbq in Champaign  and was eager to try. The waiter was charming and the service was ok but they seem to be understaffed. My sisters and I ordered 2 meat for the bbq and  2 noodle dishes. The soup was rather salty and the chapchae was very sweet. The meat was delicious but $21 for 3 slices of beef half of which was just bone, i was surprised. This was the 5th Korean bbq restaurant ive been to and it was the priciest place despite the casual setting.
4	Having been to Korea before, I was really excited when this place opened.  I can confidently say that Masijta grill is the real deal.  Flavors of the BBQ and bi bim bap were spot on with what I experienced during my trip.  As others have noted the service was on the slower side, however it was never that bad.  The servers themselves were polite and friendly.  My biggest issue (but still a minor one) was with the timing of the food.  We ordered egg rolls with the BBQ portion of the meal, but those came well after the main course.  Again, not a big deal but odd.  We'll definitely be back.
4	Came here with my mom for a weekday lunch. We went with the bbq. The service was great! and the food was delicious and authentic. I will be back!12/1 UPDATEWe came here with both of our families over the weekend. Everything was DELICIOUS! I highly recommend the korean bbq poutine. It will blow your mind! I only have a few minor complaints. First, I felt that the food wasn't spicy enough especially considering that it was a Korean restaurant. Even the kimchi was surprisingly bland. Second, there were a few items we ordered that were supposed to come vegetarian but did not and thirdly, we ordered french fries for the kid only to find out that they didn't have ketchup. They shouldn't have french fries on the menu if they don't have ketchup.
4	That's the most delicious Korean grill I eat in the Champaign-Urbana area. Very good.
5	Coming from California, I was pretty surprised that the spicy tofu soup I got here tasted just like it does back home. I'm definitely coming back here.Service was fast. It seems like they had some growing pains when they first opened, but its been half a year now. We got our food in less than 10 minutes, and the restaurant was almost full when we went at 7:45pm.
4	Really great Korean bbq! not super cheap but delicious. i love ths pork adnd fired chiken
5	Lunch bento box is awesome!! This place is clean and the service is nice. I enjoy dinning here! Food is over my expectation!! Will come back soon!
4	I had the bento box and it was a ridiculous amount of food.   The waiter talked me into getting curry rice bento box (12.99).   It came with salad, 4pc maki, a gyoza, a chicken wing, 3pc tempura, kimchi, curry rice and tonkatsu.....and soup.  Everything was great except the curry rice....it was very bland and tasteless.  I had a lot of food leftover but couldn't take it with me because i was't going straight home for 6 hrs....The service was great....attentive but not overpowering. I'd definitely go back but maybe try something a little bit smaller.
5	Lovely little restaurant on the corner!  My husband and I went to this little restaurant one night last week.  The staff was overly friendly and multiple servers stopped by to make sure we had water, seats and menus.  My husband ordered the vegetable stir fry and I had the Korean dish-tofu dolsot Bi-Bim-Bap which was amazing!!!  Loved the atmosphere and the vibe.  Everyone around us seemed to be enjoying themselves and almost everyone was using their cook top.  that is next!  A special shout out to the manager/owner-a lady wearing an apron that came around asking us about our food.  When she told us she was going to start adding Sushi-I proclaimed I LOVED sushi and she promptly went in the back and brought out a plate of Sushi she had just made.  i am now a fan for life :)  Nicely done!!!!
5	I ordered the spicy chicken gui on the grill. It was very delicious. I went with a group of 7 and they were very accommodating to us. The staff was friendly. I will come here again for sure.
4	The JJampong is really the best in town. Definitely worth it, even though it does cost more than other restaurants. After having theirs, I can't go to other places anymore.The kalbi is very expensive and overpriced but the marination is just like LA kalbi, it is very good. Is it worth getting? Only if you have lots of money to spend or really craving LA style kalbi. It is the best marinated kalbi in town though.
