3	This Starbucks is in the convention center in Vegas. And they have you all to themselves as there is no one else that you can go to. So, they have a very limited menu of drinks, because the wait times during a conference can take 15-20 minutes just to get to the front of the line to place your order. I understand why they have a limited menu, it allows them to push the coffee out the door as quickly as possible. However when you were born in the coffee capital and have experience a great coffee shop before, you will see the glaring miss in a full compliment establishment.The staff was very efficient, again due to the smaller menu size, however the baked goods left something to be desired. They were mostly out of everything by the time I got to the front of the line and that was at 9AM. The line was 30 deep past me and growing. Better planning should have taken place knowing a huge conference was going to be in the building.
3	Yes - another starbucks !This one is located in the convention, and thank god for that! When days at tradeshows here start early, I need my coffee to keep me going.Lines are always long due to the overwhelming amount of people - you can expect a good 15 minute wait.Their menu is limited since they have to serve so many people. I am glad they are there and have what I like in the morning - white mocha a venti non fat, no whip, extra hot, white mocha!
3	Small Starbucks location located right inside the convention center. Good in a pinch if you really really really must get in your caffeine fix. Usually there are long ass lines here that will suck the life out of you, especially in the morning and worse during large attendance trade shows. Late in the day it's not that bad though but it closes at 5pm.Very limited menu here for coffee drinks and pastries. I guess to keep it simple with all the crowds. There is also no seating inside except for a few counter stools, but there are a few tables and chairs in the lobby outside the place. Be prepared to fight for one, or do the hover until someone leaves.I have to hand it to the counter staff here as they are pretty friendly and even keeled. It can get really obnoxious with the non-stop long lines and grumpy people.One bad thing here is that they do not accept Starbucks cards. Fail!
1	This is the slowest Starbucks ever... I hate it !!!!!
3	You're stuck in a convention and need your coffee, latte fix. This is the only spot unless you can drink black brewed with creme that tastes burnt form the vendors inside the hall. Basically, this is the only option. There's an incredibly long line that moves - just barely, but at least it moves. For a Starbucks, it's slightly below average. The redeeming quality - it's the only caffeine fix around.
3	This Starbucks is located in South Lower Hall - next to FedEx Office. Basically, if you need Starbucks, it's here. When ordering coffee - keep it very, very simple. Don't expect the staff here to be of the regular Starbucks, such as based in Seattle proper. They've made mistakes in my orders, because it's too complicated to process, such as missing additional shots of espresso, or missing secondary options to drinks for my crew. So, when I order coffee here, I usually just order the most simplistic request, such as "Soy Latte" and keep it like that. Though, one time I did order a drink, and they gave me regular milk. There goes my stomach. :-/Also, their hours are not consistent and can vary based upon expected tradeshow traffic.
2	You don't come here unless you have no alternatives... and not much alternatives is the situation you get into when you come to large conventions at the LVCC. Figure it will take you about half an hour to get your fix so it's better to come here with friends and chat in line or better yet a friend willing to get your coffee for you!
2	Just your average Starbucks.  Nothing special.  The breakfast sandwiches are so hot and burn my mouth on every occassion.  I have told the sales people but they say they have to cook them at a certain temperature.
5	Great if you need coffee on the north end of the strip!
2	I only stop here when I have to. No drive thru. It is usually packed with all the taxi drivers from the strip. They often mess up your order, and it seems like you either wait too long in line, or for your drink.
4	Coffee in the morning. Ideal spot after a hang over. Delicious veggie panini with Monterey cheese. Elegantly looking coffee place. Menu was at the big flat screen wall-mounted TVs. Staff needs to smile.
1	The coffee was your standard Starbucks and the register staff was doing well with the crowd. My FAVORITE part was listening to the barista make coffee while telling the guy in front of me how he made more money at his bartender job at the Hard Rock and how he got these words of advice from his manager: Hot girls will always bring in customers, even if they aren't good workers.  So y'know man, I've worked with some really dumb girls, but it's alright because "they look great".  No, I don't care that you are ragging on women.  (they both asked me) It makes it SO much easier to know who the a-holes are.
5	The day before Halloween standing in line the man in front of me, pays for my boyfriend & my drink! Spreading the holiday cheer early. Pass it on. Do something small for a complete stranger.
