5	Small boutique, but has the nicest sales associates of any Hermes I've been to. I looked at several of their ribbed silk scarves, but am having a hard time picking out a color. The sales woman put several around my neck and showed me all the different ways to tie them. I wanted to hug her.This store carries bags, scarves, enamel bracelets and fragrance. They're hoping you win big and spend here. :)
1	I wish I would have been lucky enough to come in on a day when the staff felt like treating customers with courtesy and respect.I walked in with my sisters and my fiance earlier this month.  One of my sisters and me have always toyed with the idea of owning a Birkin bag so we wanted to personally see if it was truly worth all the fuss.  Well, I'm not sure if I plan on ever getting one based on the way we were treated once we entered the boutique.  We were the only ones in the entire store and there were two women standing behind the counter, an older white woman and a filipino woman.  They barely glanced at us, much less greet us, when we walked in, even though they weren't doing anything.I lingered around the scarves for awhile, then the bags, waiting for someone to ask if I needed help.  Never happened.After about 10 minutes of being completely ignored, we decided it was time to leave.  NEWS FLASH to bitchy luxury salespeople out there: Just because you SELL luxury goods doesn't mean you're worth more than the customers coming in to BUY them.  (I get the same treatment from Gucci, btw.  Louis Vuitton, Dior, and Chanel, on the other hand, have superb customer service because their salespeople understand the meaning of COMMISION.  But that's a whole 'nother story.)I didn't care much for their bag collection, the colors that they had available seemed rather drab, in my opinion.  And although my family and I do drop serious bank on luxury goods now and then, I realize that in the end, a purse is a purse.  Whether you get it from Hermes or Target.  To tell you the truth, it takes some kind of a**hole to buy a bag worth as much as a car just to shove their financial superiority (or major debt) in other people's faces.  I mean, what other purpose would purchasing a $14K (and up) purse serve?  Personally, I just don't feel like being THAT kind of a**hole.
5	i've been collecting Hermes accessories since the late 90's. back then, i never knew what it meant or why my mother would scream at me if i mistreated a silk scarf or ripped a hole in a pair of gloves. i just thought they were "pretty things" and never paid no mind to them. a decade and some more later... i know why my mother would take such good care of her Hermes accessories. it's the quality of the items. it's the beautifully crafted and well thought-out designs of each of their pieces. specifically- the vibrant color/ print of each scarf (the navy and emerald green is my fav.) and the classic style of each handbag. i simply enjoy shopping at this small-but-wonderful boutique in Vegas. i might like it even more than the store in LA. =) my mother shops here every year on her annual trip to Reno and Vegas with the pops. she still values Hermes as a timeless brand; i happen to agree with her as well.
4	They were helpful!
3	This is the newest Hermes store in Las Vegas (the one in Bellagio is closed for remodeling).  I was expecting a fab collection of all things Hermes.  I was left disappointed.  It is sparse at best. A tiny selection of leather goods.  Most bags on display were canvas.  It was a bit sad.
3	This store has a smaller than expected assortment of scarves.  I was also very underwhelmed by the sales associates.  Some were on their game, but others were extremely staid.  When 4 women come in and all purchase a scarf, it should be more fun than it was.  Come on Hermes...what's up!?!
1	This store's return policy is ridiculous (not just this store but ALL of Hermes stores). Once you purchase something, you cannot get a refund.... only exchange or store credit.So while I was eyeing Louis Vuittons, my bf bought me Hermes (as a surprise). Girl tries to return Hermes 20 hours later and store says no.I'm no longer buying any Hermes from here on out... and I give my other Hermes pieces evil looks when I see them in my jewelry box.The good news about the crap they sell here is that you can SUPER EASILY find REAL Hermes in almost new condition on Craigslist because you know why??You can't return shizzle there!!!Damn you French peeps... and Kanye West for sporting Hermes to make it look super uncool to own.
2	Courtesy and respect is a no#1 priority no matter what store you are in.However, that was not the case for this Hermes store. As I went in, the majority of the the salespeople were fine. However, there was this one lady that was rude to me. I was looking and trying on leather bracelets, and I also wanted to know the price for both of them. We were conversing in Cantonese, and in the end, she made a rude comment to me, saying that "Our customers never ask for the price; they only come to look at the designs." That was just beyond rude. Seriously, if you don't have anything nice to say, please don't say anything.
3	Came into this boutique yesterday and upon entering, all the salesperson greeted me, but one saleslady just had to scanned me from my top, to my bag, and onto my shoes.  Hello!?! You greet by making eye contact lady!  Gosh, I wonder if the company put these sales people to Customer Service 101.Anyways, the salesperson that I usually here to see is helping another customer so I sat down on one of the comfy sofa and peruse the catalog.  Some clothes are really classy and elegant, some are just outright strange looking.They also just came out with accessories for your accessories...such as a cute little horsey made of the same leather as the Hermes bag, to attach to the Hermes Bag.  Price? $485.  Cute, but not worth it to me.
5	I had a pleasant experience buying my first Hermes here.  Friendly staff.  Will definitely come back again.
1	My friend and I waited ten minutes before their doors opened and once opened we were the first and only customers. We were immediately greeted by a sales lady and she attempted to help my friend who wanted to check on the status of a wallet she had pre-ordered with another sales rep (will refrain from using names) who happened to be on vacation. So my friend was sad that her wallet wasn't in yet but still wanted to leave with something so she decided to get a belt and asked to see such. We were led to the back of the store where a nice belt in Hermes orange box was presented. As for the buckles, we were only offered two (1 in chrome finish and 1 in brushed finish). My friend asked my advice and I was not impressed with either so I asked the lady if they had something more interested for instance if the H buckle came in half chrome, half brushed look. She says that they actually have several more with textured finishes BUT they were more expensive. Immediately my friend felt insulted. Maybe our casual blouse and jeans blew any chance of receiving high end service. Mind you, my friend who lives in a million plus dollar home, owns a $100k mercedes Sclass AMG, had previously purchased a 5figure handbag from this company, was carrying a several thousand dollar channel handbag, sporting carats of diamonds on finger and ears and yet was judged that maybe she couldn't afford a belt buckle that was priced $60 more? Lucky for this sales lady, my friend is a nice person and went ahead with the $800 belt which she paid for in cash. But she was nonetheless offended and took our business to another nearby boutique. Lesson be learned, don't judge a person no matter what. Per Juilia Roberts in the movie pretty woman, "Big mistake. Huge. Sorry gotta do more shopping."
5	Yes, Hermes. The brand is obscenely expensive, but the quality is evident in each product. This store is particular is excellent. We worked with Allison, who was kind and professional. She was more than anxious to help us and assist us with whatever we needed. Thus, the service here goes above and beyond. Also, my first Hermes clothing article. Yay!
5	Got my first birkin here and only had to wait like 7 months! Ladies put your name down at this location if you don't wanna wait 2+ years. The hermes in my hometown san diego said I would be lucky if I got one in under 2 years.
