5	Excellent value and service. Over the last 15 years have had 8 cars tinted by them with nary a problem. What one issue we had was on an 8 year old job that Mark, the owner, stood behind and fixed no problems or questions asked. Cars are always done with appointment and ready same day. Inside the car and outside are in the same condition as when I left the car with them.
5	Excellent value and service.  Mark the owner and his crew have done excellent by us over the years...8 cars over 15 years.  The one time we had a problem was with an 8 year old tint job and Mark took care of the problem with no hassles and or questions asked.I highly recommend them.
5	This review is long overdue. My fiance had his windows done 2 years ago by Silver State based on fab reviews on the internet. However, after getting the car back tiny pin-hole bubbles popped up on EVERY window!! At first we were outraged and called the shop immediately to tell them what a terrible job they did. We expected to get the run around and hear a laundry list of excuses like most car places but they were actually very apologetic and kept their satisfaction guaranteed promise. The owner's son came over from his own, separate car shop and stripped and redid every window and the second time around it came out fantastic which is why they are getting 5 stars. It's not often that you find honest and reputable car places that honor customer satisfaction guarantees these days.
1	If you own a car you actually care about then DO NOT get your tint done here. I took my C6 Z06 here what a mistake. I was quoted $139.00 on the phone in person it the price went up to $169.00. At this point I should have walked, but the review here was good so I stayed. Honestly I was not looking for a cheap tint job and would have paid double to have it done right. Once finished I found scraches on the driver side window. Bubbles in the rear window. I went back and the only person there was the ex-con installer Victor who's basic reaction was tough luck and wanted to charge me to remove the tint.You're better off spray painting your windows black than having these jokers do your tint.
5	I've had every car I've owned tinted here. This is a good and professional family owned business. I can't say enough good things about this business fast, efficient, and won't break the bank! Give them a try you'll like them.
5	Ill make this short and sweet. I just had my 4th vehicle done at Silver State in the last 7 years and as with my 3 previous vehicles, the job performed was amazing. I'm big on customer service and they treat their customers great. My car was done in the amount of time and money they quoted me and away I go. If you want a professional job done on your vehicle, see Silver State, plain and simple!And the new location is super convenient.
