5	Excellent food and service.  Try their special bread and their daily specials.
4	A little overwhelming compared to what I was expecting. First, the bakery part - sweets, cakes, bread, it's all covered. Even though I could tell it had been somewhat picked over before my early afternoon arrival, there were still some goodies. They also have a small frozen section with empanadas, some doughs I'm guessing that are meant to be fried, and the dough "fingers" filled with cheese (the name escapes me now). Then, there is the eat-in restaurant part. They have a menu hanging with a large breakfast portion, and a selection of delicious looking lunch options. I thought I knew what I wanted, but then up on the white board I read a tamales special - which I ordered, not really knowing what I was getting into. Well, apparently they were freshly made, but not ready to eat, I still wanted them anyway and ordered two, forgetting I was in a colombian bakery and not in a mexican one. (we'll get back to that) To satisfy my hunger until I could get home and cook them I grabbed a beef empanada from the warmer they have next to the register (extremely unfair, you almost can't not order one). The woman behind the counter was surprised I only wanted one, and then directed me to the condiment containers they had on the tables behind me. Of course, she was spot on, the sauces were amazing. (one of them reminded me of green jalapeno sauce at pio pio)So I get home and boil my tamale, after of course I realize these things are HUGE and I only need one. (duh, hailey, these are colombian tamales) After about 20 minutes it's ready and holy crap was I impressed by the filling. I chose the pork, so that mixed in with sliced potatoes, carrots, peas, and deliciousness - best banana leaf wrapped masa casserole I've had in a long time. Only draw back - HUGE bone in piece. Maybe that's customary, but a mostly mushy entree with a 3" inedible surprise seemed odd. but still yummy.I will be back to try more of the menu, and the breads, possibly just so I can have a vessel for the tasty condiments on the table... but it's worth checking out!
5	Oh, I'm definitely a fan. Had to go for an appointment nearby (having driven 3 hours to Charlotte) and needed some good food close. This place was excellent. Yes, it's a little bit overwhelming (especially since I don't speak Spanish any, my bad) made even more by the fact that we arrived at right in the middle of lunch (and it's not a big place) but the manager and staff were very friendly, the customers were very nice to my wife, son and I, and- most importantly of all- the food was excellent. My wife was still raving about the pork belly that came with her meal after we left, and my patacones (something I had never tried before, almost a huge open-faced plantain taco with pork and vegetables on of it) quickly became a favorite dish of mine. The empanadas were good, the fruit drink was excellent, my son liked the rice... you get the idea. I know nothing about the Columbian or Hispanic community in Charlotte, so perhaps there are much better places, but my wife and I vowed (seriously, vowed) to go here again if we find ourselves hungry in Charlotte in the future.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Antojitos Mi Colombia Bakery!As a Colombian, I can attest to their authenticity. Colombian baked breads and pastries have to be served almost immediately due to their ingredients and preparation techniques. Antojitos makes sure to serve them up fresh.Antojitos is also a tiny cafe offering traditional Colombian dishes and Venezuelan-style arepas. Stop by - you won't be disappointed.
5	Great Service, Great Food.If you want a quick pastry for your morning Coffee I recommend either, Pan de Bono, Pan con Queso, or a Roska. For Lunch a Bandeja Paisa (Pork Belly, Sausage, Sweet Plantain, and more), or a Perro Caliente (Hot Dog topped with Pineapple, chips and pink sauce).  Also, if you were a fan of cold chocolate milk as a kid, like I was, try a Milo Frio hecho en Casa.
5	the best colombian place i try so far in charlotte coming from someone that lived in new jersey. This place is better for bakery food and fast food, not for a dinner meal.
5	What a delightful little bakery, and a fine place to practice your Espanol!  My husband's ex was Venezuelan and used to make arepas which was the one thing he misses from her so when I saw them on the menu I made sure to get him one (am I the best wife in the world or what??)  I also am a huge empanada-head so I got a couple of them, a delicious pastel de Gloria (dulce de leche filling) and guava turnover. Heaven!  It was definitely a quick and easy place to pick up some wonderful snacks.  If you need a larger meal, they have one or two hot plates with combos in the bakery, or you can go next door (no sign!) to get full meals which we will try soon.   One new item they have in the bakery is a delicious mix of fresh shrimp, peppers and onions with garlic sauce on a "plate" of fried plantains. The sauce is light and delicious and the plate is filling and crunchy.The service was super friendly, and the owner was so sweet and embarrassed he gave me a passion fruit pudding/mousse instead of Goya when he didn't hear me say bebida.  His wife is also very nice and speaks English a lot more fluently, and was very helpful. I love the family as much as the food so it makes me want to go more!There are places to sit down and eat if you desire.
5	This place is great!! We loved the bakery items especially the dulce de leche! Yum!
5	Very authentic.  This is typical _common_ Colombian food.  It makes me miss Colombia.  They only speak spanish, but don't let it deter you.
5	Im a regular food lover. I enjoy a good bite every now and then. I don't like crappy tasting food though so please believe me when I say this place is AMAZING! I don't think I was living before today. Well, now I am. You need to come and keep these people in business for forever!Please!
4	Solid spot for a quick cheap meal. Empanadas ready to go for $1.35. Arepas made to order for around $4-6.The strip mall isn't much to look at, but that"s never scared me away from good eats before, so why start now.When you walk in the door of this bakery you head a little to the right and around the counter to order at the register.  As you pass the counter you see all kinds of sweet and savory treats.  But you have to look up for the menu, most of which is in Spanish, but there is clarification and the pics are pretty self explanatory.  I was waiting on someone else to join me so I grabbed dos empenadas, un pollo y un carne.  For less than $3 total this was more than just a quick snack, another one and I would have been full.My cohort for this culinary adventure walked in and saw that I was finishing up some food and looked sad, so I promised I would eat more.  We both got arepas(corn flour grilled pita pockets).  Once again, one chicken and one beef.  The chicken was similar to a good chicken salad with avacado but the beef was extremely hearty and tasted pretty much like a slow simmered pot roast.  These arepas are more Colombian style, thinner crust, than my favorite style, Argentinian, but no complaints.They have plenty of other options as well.  You can get scrambled eggs in a breakfast style arepa.  You can also get something similar to fried plaintain nachos, which I will report back on ASAP as well as some of the sweet pastries.My only qualm with this place is that although its plenty of food for the money, the arepas could be a little cheaper.  I guess I'm used to legit street food, but I wanna be full for like $2-3.
4	If you are Colombian (Like me) then I would say this is a descent Colombian bakery, Pandebono, Pan de Yuca, empanadas and arepas are good, finger food per say, the other main dishe.....well...not so sure, but finger food is good, also really good colombian Coffee ( Cafe con Leche) I come here quite regularly for my Chicharron con arepa and pandebonos.
4	Okay, newsflash, the same family owns this bakery and Arepas Grill.  The two businesses are connected by a shared kitchen.  I had no idea until I went into Areps grill and was told they were closed but "open on the other side," the bakery.I got the same great arepas but I must say, the wait for my takeout was quite a bit longer than I felft necessary.  Business was steady and the staff is very nice. I love these sandwiches and may give some of the other bakery wares a try on my next visit.  Don't bother calling ahead for take out, it doesn't seem to save you time.
4	The stuff corn tortlillas (arepas) are what i came for. You can get arepas with cheese, chicken, shredded beef or on the side. The chicken one included a nice, light guacamole and really hit the spot.  A house-made red sauce and green sauce were brought to the table and added a nice kick.The cheese arepa was nice with tiny grill marks in the corn tortilla that made it taste authentic.  The beef was big and stuffed with stewed onions and bell peppers.There are other adventures on the menu, but I will be back for the chicken arepa.
2	Me and the hubs tried this place out. Since he's Colombian and there's not to many Colombian bakery's in Charlotte. It's ok just to kill that 'I want an arepa' right now thing. I find the prices high for what your getting. I much rather get the pan de queso and pan de bono from Las Delicias much bigger and cheaper ;-). Another thing I don't like that the times I've ordered morcilla and the empanadas they have taste old like they have been sitting out all day.
5	This place is great! The service is good and the food is delicious! I have tried the arepas empanadas and pandebonos and you cant go wrong with it! I love it
2	I would give this place 5 stars but, the HORRIBLE customer service I received today does not let me. Don't you dare ask "Eunice" for 'pan de bono' if there isn't any on the counter. I simply asked the question and the response I got was " If you want 15 of them I can put them in the oven, but if it's just for you two, I will not." Eunice, I was asking you if you had any and it was a YES OR NO answer, not a "if you don't buy 15 I'm not making them for you" answer. I am obviously not going to eat 15 of them between me and my husband, and the rudeness/ smart response was unnecessary. Please, don't take out your frustrations on the customers. I would come back, because the 'arepa de choclo con queso' was amazing but because of the way I was treated I will not. Food deserves 5 stars, but customer service made me give you all 2.
