5	This is the best Thai food that we have eaten in Arizona, California, Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri, and Arkansas. Whenever we go somewhere (we used to travel between 280 and 300 days a year) we eat Thai food and usually try as many different restaurants as we can. The spicy basil pumpkin is excellent as is the sweet sausage fried rice. Their coconut ice cream is amazing and so are the fried bananas. We normally don't eat dessert but tried one and now could easily crave it.
4	Thank you food gods for finally taking pity on this area!  Good Thai food makes life so much better.  Saw their sign today and decided to stop in for take out.  It was a nice little restaurant with a brewery friendly staff.  Even offered me water while i waited for my food.  When i got home with my yummy snaking food i was in my happy place.  The pad thai was very very good and the drunken noodles with Thai Basil was perfect.  The heat was perfect too. A 3 is spicy, i personally would not order above that and i an no spice wimp.  I can't wait to actually get a chance to eat in, that's if my 8 month old ever lets me.
5	Panang curry is bombdotcom son!
5	My Sister and I were driving by hungry on a weeknight, saw this little booth filled place and went in.  The service was friendly, beautiful and efficient.  They make seriously delicious Thai tea, spring rolls and pumpkin curry.  The food came out with cloth bird of paradise fold napkins on fork stems and fun different coloured plates.  The dining room sported Asian style carved wood decor and an Asian song & dance show on the TV.  I'd recommend this place for take-out, casual meal or an intimate date.
4	No, they are not the best at anything... BUT, they are good to great at everything.  Their boba drinks have well cooked boba and a good texture (this is huge if you are a fan), their green curry is up there with my favorite.  I'd take the green curry over the pumpkin curry any day as I thought the pumpkin curry was decent but not at the same level.  Their pad Thai has a vinegary note to it, not necessarily bad but not the taste I look for in my pad Thai.  Overall they are very friendly and the cost is very reasonable so if you like Thai food you can't miss here.
3	This place is pretty new (only been open for 2 months, but the family owns 2 more locations in Phoenix). The staff were all very nice and friendly, the restaurant was clean and well-decorated, and the portions are really big!We ordered pad thai, pad see ew, and panang curry. I don't know if it's just me, but I actually didn't find the food that amazing compared to the places I've been in California. I enjoyed the flavor of the panang curry (although the beef was tough), but the pad thai was a little too sour for my taste (I like it sweeter), and the chicken in both noodle dishes was pretty dry. I also ordered the thai iced tea, and it came in a really large portion and the boba was good!
5	We found Sala Thai a couple of months ago, and are real fans. We try to go as often as possible! Love the spicy eggplant, and the Thai iced tea.. we used to live half a block from there and now live much farther but it is worth the drive. I would highly recommend, especially those of us on the west side looking for good food in a relaxed and comfortable atmosphere.
2	Okay, the taro boba was really good, especially because I've denied myself the guilty pleasure of all that sugar and saturated fat for years.  But the only reason I ended up with a boba drink is that Sala doesn't have any beer or wine on their menu, and I was really in the mood for a Tsingtao. I'm not sure what the other reviewers ordered that was so spectacular to earn 4 and 5 star ratings.  My husband and I are vegetarians, so we're a bit more limited than the average omnivore.  We have a couple of standby Thai favorites, pad see ew and yellow curry with tofu, which makes it easy to compare dishes with the best Thai places back in Los Angeles where we live.  For those of you who love the smoky flavor of a great pad see ew, you will be very disappointed at Sala.  That's the best part of pad see ew and what gives it character.  Otherwise, it's basically noodles and veggies, which is what we got....except that they were very salty.  They were nicely cooked and well presented, the dish just didn't taste, well, very good.  The yellow curry was also prepared well, meaning that the veggies were cooked to the right texture, but the coconut milk base and curry didn't shine through because the dish was salty.  I'm disappointed that we had a mediocre meal at a place that got such high marks.  This review is just to catch the eye of an unsuspecting diner who might see the flashy overall rating and assume that Sala is a great choice for a delicious Thai meal.
1	I will give service 1 out of 10. Food gets 4 out of 10. I was not impressed at all. It started when we walked in and the 14 year old server didn't speak to us. Sat us down and never asked what we wanted to drink. Brought out water and walked off. Then went back to eating and doing her homework at the next table over. An older server was at the same table coughing up a lung and was obviously sick. That wasn't comforting sitting there listening to that. So finally we get our food. Let me tell you they are fans of vegetables. My girlfriends soup was a bowl of broccoli and some soup broth. I ordered the Thai fried rice. Never asked me if I would like it spicy or medium or mild. Well when I took a bite I realized there was no spice at all. What Thai restaurant uses ZERO spice? Food was extremely bland and service was horrible. Will not go back.
4	Sala Thai does a great job.  Every dish I have had there is very fresh and very distinct.  I have tried the pumpkin curry with chicken and the green curry with chicken.  Both excellent.  Do not miss the BBQ Pork.  WOW!  The rice is cooked perfectly I might add.Grab a blended Thai ice tea with boba.  Deelish!Yay! I'm a fan.
5	I am a yellow curry lover and they definitely have an excellent curry. They are basically on par with thai house, except I like the location a lot better right along the 51, and they are more generous with vegetables.
4	I have been here several times and really enjoy their food. Usually get pad see ew which is delicious and chicken in the red curry sauce which is really tasty. A little pricy but not as pricy as the chain restaurants at Westgate. Since they serve good food and its near my neighborhood, I don't mind.
3	I am the only customet at noon makes me wonder! The service was there but somewhat removed, the food was well presented but nothing great. It  was good home cooking but as others have said, it lacked spice and flavor. I will probably try again as I know they can do better. I am glad to have a Thai restaurant just down the street but hope they can do just a bit better.
5	Love the fresh veggies they use and the boba drinks are a hit with all ages! BBQ pork and pad Thai are out favorites, our 5 year old even loves this pale and chose it for her birthday dinner. Highly recommend!
3	This was a pretty solid 3.5, but I just couldn't give it 4 stars. This is a decent thai option in an area with very few, but I'm not sure they'd make it across town with more competition. We were the only people in the place at lunchtime in the middle of the week, but that location isn't exactly a busy one for lunch.The menu here was huge, which is either a good thing or a bad thing, but we went with traditional favorites for our first visit. Our coffee boba was yummy and the food was pretty good, but not great. My pad thai was a bit sweeter than I liked, but hubs loved his drunken (spicy) noodles. The service was all right, but a bit inattentive since the person was a bit too interested in her smartphone. Overall I might come back again but there are other thai places I'd rather go.
1	How can you run a business and not speak any English?? I called in to order for pickup and the person who answered kept saying "hello? Hello?" So I kept trying to say I wanted to place an order and then she said "uhhhhhh" then ANOTHER woman got on the phone, and once again, did not speak English, and couldn't help me. Seriously, if you're going to own a business in America, have at least ONE person who speaks English. I can't even imagine what would happen if I had actually gone into the restaurant. Wowww.
4	I like this place a lot! And food is great specially the papaya salad. I love how there's levels of spicy. But I do have to admit that I have a bit of trouble understanding the waiter's english. But at the same time I forget about that as soon as I eat their food.
2	Went here because Little Saigon, one of my favorite restaurants, was closed. We figured we'd give this place a try, and my parents had been here once before. The food was decent. My drunken noodles were good, and pretty spicy (a good thing). I had some of my mom's pad thai with chicken shrimp, which was okay, but  a little too sweet for my taste and had 2 shrimp. Exactly 2 shrimp. The crab wontons were fine, but a little overcooked. They also brought out my food about 5 minutes later than my parents. The food was passable, and would've at last earned Sala Thai a 3. However, the service was abysmal. I got 1 refill of water the whole time I was there. I sat with my cup empty for long periods of time. With a spicy dish, water is a must. When we were all about finished, it still took them about 10-15 minutes just to bring the check. I'm not sure I would want to return unless the service picks up.
3	A pretty solid Thai restaurant. They are within walking distance so even if I find that some other areas may be better it is easy to just stop in.The food was what you'd expect. Flavorful, can be spicy, and comforting without sitting like a lead balloon. Not anything to write home about but definitely pretty good. If you are in the area, this may be worth a trip if you are not interested in heading into old town Glendale.
5	I really love this place come once a week to get my fix. This is a small place, very clean, and the people always have a smile for me. For me it's the little things like bringing me a cup of tea or glass of thai coffee, or just plain water for me while I wait for my order. I don't know if they do this for everyone or because I've taken the time to build the relationship, but I really appreciate it. And the food is great. It's fresh and prepared with love. Everyone I've introduced this place to have made it their go to Thai restaurant.
4	Sala Thai is a local Thai eatery with another location in North Phoenix.  While this location is pretty small and unassuming from the outside, it really has a lot of character once you step inside.  It's clean, has traditional Thai pagoda roofing decor, and oh so charming!My normal go-to favorites from Sala Thai are the Duck Curry, Mussuman Curry, and the Pumpkin Curry.  If there was a way to combine duck, the pineapple chunks, the peanuts, the potatoes, and the pumpkin from the three curries listed, it would be the best curry ever.  I'd name it:  THE CURRY OF LIFE.  Oh my goodness!  *hyperventilating*  The food is delicious and fresh but I wish the portions were a tad bigger for the price I'm paying.  Sure they serve everything in huge bowls and while I do love to slather curry sauce all over my rice, I wish I had more veggies and protein IN the curry.  The friendly service makes up for the humble portions though.  Definitely stop by this little strip plaza gem and give it a try!
4	Good Thai food with HEAT!So, my wife and I love us some Thai food.Saw this location in a Phoenix Magazine article and stopped in when visiting family nearby. Was a good visit and reminds me of a small Thai restaurant from back in Hawai'i.  First, good boba teas always make a meal better. My wife and girls though the boba were cooked perfectly and the flavors were yummy.  From there, the noodle dish my wife had and the fried rice my daughters enjoyed all hit the spot. I had the Sala Thai noodle dish and asked that it be very spicy. Even though I ask, I'm used to restaurants giving me something barely mild. Not here! They truly game me a good mix of heat and flavor-- perfect for clearing out the sinuses. The wait staff is very young and I get the sense this is a family-owned joint. The crew even appeared to have dinner together at the back table when we were wrapping up and paying. We're very cool with that family small-dining experience.
5	Great food, clean, fast and friendly service. I usually get their yellow curry, which is some of the best I've had. The drunken noodles are also very tasty, fresh ingredients. Pretty cool that the owners give you some recommendations based off of your preference in asian foods. Have visited the restaurant during all times, and the service has not suffered. Give em a try!
