5	Just went for a work event. Fun place open only Monday - Firday 11:00 - 2:00  Michigan style food, Faygo pop, Better Made Potato Chips, Sander's Chocolate Fudge, Motor City Medallions. If you go try their Chilly Dogs.
4	This hole in the wall cafe might be easily passed up (due to visibility) but it shouldn't be. Authentic Detroit chips, soda, and coney dogs. I have had better coney dogs but these ones are pretty legit. The staff is also extremely friendly and provide great customer service.
5	I finally made it here and this is the real deal. Best coney dogs I've had since leaving the motor city. Faygo Pop, Better Made chips. Glad they are open Saturday. Limited menu but I was only interested in the Coney. Give it a try if you are wanting to take care of your coney habit.
4	I had two coneys with everything (chili sauce, onion, mustard) and chili fries with a FAYGO "pop". The chili sauce was outstanding and the natural casing hot dog had great snap to it and beefy flavor. Great food.
5	found a hidden gem today!!!! the pannini and baked potato wedges are out of this world! you can add a cookie for .25....and today they were out of cookies so they substituted our choice of raspberry tart, pecan tart or peanut butter bar w chocolate @ the same price.... The guy at the next table got a coney and chili cheesed his baked potato wedges....Holy crap they looked awesome....it's cool inside for an escape from the az heat...and the motor city stuff on the walls would make any Detroit native feel like home..... it has a Chicago feel inside....I say come.....oh but skip the tea unless u like the fruity stuff..lol
3	So much fun!!  I took my entire family and it was like walking down memory lane!  There were several Michiganders there for lunch so we sat around sharing Michigan memories while eating our coney's, Better Maid chips, and Faygo POP.  Owners are prime examples of the best of the midwest!  We finished the lunch off with none other than a Sander's hot fudge cream puff!!  Life is good at Sunshine Motor City Cafe...taking my Bunco group there this Saturday for some more fun!!
