3	There isn't a whole lot to be said about Bojangles' that you wouldn't know already.  If you haven't had their Cajun-style chicken, you might want to try it.  I personally don't care for their biscuits, but then I'm not really a biscuit person.  I just order a bun instead of a biscuit and it's not a really a problem.My main issue with this location comes down to the service, and while they are nice enough, it might actually be an issue with corporate policy, because I seem to have to go in and get extra items (as I usually go through the drive-through when I'm at this store, and I always forget to check before I leave the window).You often get a single napkin, and rarely get straws with your drinks.  In your car, that just doesn't cut it.  If you're in the dining room, it's not a big deal.  But it also defeats the purpose of the drive through!  Doesn't change the taste of the food however...Sweet Tea Report:  Bojangles' has "famous" sweet tea.  But why is it famous?  I have never had any that is particular sweet, which means it almost always has a very strong tea taste, and I don't particular care for it.  If that's your thing, then you may enjoy it, but I don't like it much.
3	Tip:  The drive-thru is consistently faster than dine-in service.  Must be all the commuters on Independence Blvd.  I go for the best biscuits and Columbian coffee, not like McDonald's premium burnt coffee.
3	This is just what we needed as a pick-me-up for our 4 hour drive to Myrtle Beach from Charlotte. The people were friendly, the food was good, and it was fast service. It reminded me of a Wendy's type atmosphere. All of the Bojangle's we passed were packed, including this one. They have a really great business, and although they are a huge chain, it was nice to try for the first time. Besides, a chicken biscuit? Who could pass that up?!
1	This is the last straw!  I love bojangles, and this one is conveniently located on the way home for me, but enough is enough. I have put up with their slow service, wrong orders,  and annoying employees who are horrible at taking orders. But yesterday I stopped on the way home and was given cold, leathery chicken supremes; seasoned fries with absolutely no seasoning; and a cold, hard biscuit. I will continue to go to bojangles, but never this one again!
