5	This place is outstanding!  What a great experience and fabulous yogurt!  They have 12 different flavors, and many I have never seen before. We love self serve yogurt and have been to many of the yogurt shops across the valley. This place is by far THE BEST and we met the owners too!  Great people and care about their customers.  We will be here all of the time.
5	All I can say is WOW.  Arguablly the nicest Yogurt store I have ever been in.  I tried the taro, which i had never heard of before, on a suggestion from the owner.  I would describe it as a very flavorful vanilla.  It was awesome and went great with all of the toppings that they have available.  I then had to go back and make a small pumkin after trying my wifes.  Good thing it is so healthy or I would of been in trouble.  The owner and his wife were both working that day and gave us a tour of the store.  They were very friendly and made the experience even better.  I loved the kleenex dispenser in the bathroom.  They obviously thought of everything.  There was a little girl in there at the same time begging her parents to have her birthday party in the party room while she was drawing on the glass wall.  This place will sure to be a Chandler favorite.  Welcome to the neighborhood.  We'll be regulars.
5	My daughter and I do what we call a "backwards" dinner about one a month.  We have dessert first and then have dinner.  It's fun and breaks things up a little. I try to make it frozen yogurt because then I don't feel so guilty for eating dessert first.  We had been watching and waiting for Yo Love to open since it's just up the street from our place. Of course they opened when we were out of town!  Tonight we got to try it!!  It was fantastic!!  We were warmly greeted when we walked in and given several sample cups to try the 12 flavors they have.  Yes, 12!!  Tonight they had Double Chocolate, Irish Mint, Tiramisu, New York Cheesecake, Yellow Cake Batter, Tart, Fresh Strawberry, Pecan Praline, and Pumpkin Pie just to name a few.  Every one I tried was delicious!  I had a hard time deciding but finally got the New York Cheesecake and Pecan Praline, which was non-fat, no sugar added but you sure couldn't tell!  It was so good!  My daughter got the Hawaiian Delight frozen sorbet.  Over at the topping bar they had all the usual toppings and my personal favorite, frosted animal crackers!!  I love those silly things!  It's a new store so the inside is spotless but I have a feeling it will stay that way. There is plenty of room to get your yogurt and everything is nicely laid out.  There are two walls that separate the yogurt from the seating area.  The walls are made for dry erase markers and there are cups full of them mounted on both walls.  What a great idea!  My daughter thought this was great fun.  There is also a computer set up for guest use and free WiFi!  The tables and chairs have a whimsical feel to them with brightly colored seat pads on the chairs and glass table tops. The light fixtures remind me of strawberries. There are flat screen TVs also.  While we were there they played music videos. Dale, the owner, was so nice and I told him to look for us often since we lived close by. And I saved the best for last....a rewards card!!!  Yes, buy 9 get the 10th free!  YAY! This will be the place to hang out in the summer!!  Cool treats to beat the heat!!  I'm so glad Dale brought Yo Love to our neighboorhood!!  Thanks Dale!
5	So many flavors (12?) , wide variety of toppings, extremely affordable, delicious and healthy. Favorite flavor mix is chocolate & cake batter. Delish!!Beautiful decor, and the owners are very friendly! We are very excited to have them in the neighborhood!
5	Best yogurt place in S. Chandler.  Tried Fresco and Golden Spoon, but neither compare to this.  Friendly service, bright open spaces, and clean everything.Cost model is simple: get what you want (dozen different flavors, cone/cup, toppings, and fresh fruit on top) then it's $0.38/oz.Hint: there's even free WiFi and a Mac for customers to surf online (or write their yelp review).  Shhhh...
4	'Cute' kind of sums this place up.  I like their selection of flavors and toppings.  They've got an iMac in there, and one of these days, I'm going to get on it.  The outdoor tables and chairs are cute.  We love this place, and walk the 3 mile round-trip twice a week for their fanciful flavors.
5	Nom nom nom.  This place is such a wonderful nearby treat! We used to go to another nameless big froyo chain and decided to try this place out right after it opened. We haven't been back to said nameless chain froyo joint! We LOVE Yo Love! When it first opened it was just getting their name out there and the manager talked to us each time we came in to get opinions, etc.  Since then, the place has become extremely popular! There are usually at least 10 flavors to choose from, some are mainstays (double chocolate, double vanilla/etc) and there are often new flavors to try.  My boyfriend and I happen to be addicted to the double chocolate with him adding Butterfingers in his and me experimenting with different toppings here and there. Just tonight we went and sampled the cookies & cream- NOM. We both got that and it was amazing.  We like to come once a week, but have visited twice in a week before. If you want yummy high quality frozen yogurt with all sorts of fun and delicious toppings available, try Yo Love. You can even leave your own special "mark" on their board.  :)
5	Sooo good! Finally a yogurt place that has it all! It's very clean, cute and the flavors taste soo much better (more "rich") than other self serve yogurt places that I've been to. The cake batter is my favorite! You can't go wrong here!
5	What's not to love about frozen yogurt with every imaginable topping available to add? I have never experienced such a fun, you make it how you want it experience! It is totally kid friendly, you can leave your artwork on the walls they provide, and they have outdoor tables as well. Be sure to ask for a yolove card (buy 9 get one free) and try out the liquid marshmallow on your yogurt some time...yummy! You can sample before you select your yogurt, and you pay by ounce..not as scary as it seems..I get a good amount of yogurt with lots of toppings for under $4.00. So be adventurous and give Yo Love a try..you won't regret it.
4	When my niece kept begging to eat here, I had my misgivings. But she was right, Yo Love is fantastic.Also, this may just be an anomaly, but my girlfriend (who is lactose intolerant) had no problem digesting the frozen yogurt here. Maybe all those cultures in the mix helped.
5	Fantastic selection, toppings galore, clean environment, friendly staff.  Not much more you could ask for, you won't be disappointed.
5	Went there for the first time tonight.  Great selection of yogurt and toppings.  You can even mix your yogurt into a blizzard like creation.  Prices are good and employees are nice.  Will be back for sure!
5	What's not to like about this place?It's located in a gorgeous intersection - Shops at Pecos Ranch, they have incredible and diverse flavors that are ever-changing. I've been in like 6 times already, and today I had vanilla custard.The interior is very bright, happy, and they even have a separate party room.There is free wifi and computer available - what yogurt place does that?.Staff friendly and courteous, owners are Chandler residents who care about the community. No complaints here, I'll be back, ALOT
5	OHMYGOODNESS!!!  I LOVE YO LOVE!This place has the BEST frozen yogurt I have ever had.  The flavors are so true and original.  They use all natural ingredients.My favorite flavors to date are peanut butter and oatmeal cookie.  I could eat Oatmeal Cookie every day, it's SO good!  And the selection of toppings is wide.On average, my family and/or I go about 3x per week.  It's my daughter's favorite after-school snack!
5	On average, I go here MINIMUM 1X a week....already been there 2X in the last 3 days, so that tells you what a regular I am.  Have met the owner multiple times and he's super friendly and always remembers us.  They change flavors regularly and the flavors are SOOO yummy.  You can even get ones with no sugar in them that are delicious (chocolate dipped strawberries...had it tonight...great!).  Their website has all of the weight watchers points, too, which is kind of nice.  Their toppings are the best - fresh fruits AND some of your standard stuff (M&M's, cookie dough, sprinkles, etc.).  Great ambience and the teenagers that work there are always friendly.  Glad to have Yo Love in our neighborhood!!
4	Great choices of flavors (my favorite is a combo of chocolate & banana split)! Good toppings, also.  GREAT place for kids! They have a board and dry-erase markers that can keep them occupied after they devour their froyo and you're still indulging in yours.  They even have a TV playing video of customer pics - ones that you can take yourself in the shop's own webcam. Also a kid favorite. Clean environment, helpful staff. :)
3	I don't eat frozen yogurt, but my wife and daughter do so we stopped in here today to try it out.They had a Tropical sorbet... but that was the only option... I tried it... and it was really good.The reason I give this place 3 stars instead of 4 (5 if they had more non-dairy choices) was the toppings. All the fruit looked old... the kiwi was this nasty shade of yellow, the pineapple was about 80% yellow, 10% brown, and 10% other colors. The strawberries were under ripe (significantly better than the other fruits) and the cherries all had stems still attached (I don't want to take all those stems out). They had a mochi topping which was really hard (old) in addition to other toppings which looked ok... but didn't quite go with a tropical sorbet.I pretty much had it plain... but it was still a very good sorbet and I was happy. My daughter wanted the fruit really bad, but I would not let her eat the yellow kiwi (there was no green... just yellow).My wife very much enjoyed her yogurt, my daughter liked hers too (although she was upset we would not let her eat the fruit).Staff was friendly, place was clean, and the atmosphere was pretty nice (they had some frosted glass walls you could write on if you wanted to).It was way better than Kokomo which is right down the street... other than the fruit... please fix the fruit!We will go back.
4	Fun decor, great tasting flavors.  Toppings a little lackluster.  In a great location close to my work.  Overall great place
1	Honestly, the yogurt flavors were not that great. The employees were not friendly when I let them know a machine was out of yogurt. The fruit was old and brown. The kiwi wasn't rip, and the mochi was stale. I am not happy and will never go back!
4	This the best Yogurt shop in South Chandler....it beats Kokomo hands down.  They have more choices, nice decor, lots of seating, and friendly staff.   It is the best choice South of the 202!
2	Not really impressed. Paid 14.75 for two plain yogurts split flavored with no toppings. Which was mediocre at best.  They price the yogurt with a scale. I'll stick to ice cream :P. You are pretty much paying for the atmosphere here.
4	Great froyo...a lot of different flavors...good customer service...try it if you like froyo!
5	Place is awesome.Very clean and friendly service.
5	Went back because it is so kid friendly and love all the choices.We come at least every other weekend, trying to every weekend.Love this place and will always show Love
5	Super selection of yogurt/ toppings! Very fresh and yummy;) 1st=got everything I wanted& around$3
4	I didn't think I would like frozen yogurt it seems almost too healthy.  Well I was surprised I actually liked the yogurt and all the toppings.  The fruit was fresh and there was boba and some other strange chewy thing.  I am anxious to try  it again either there or back home.Love the wall you can write on and everyone there was happy.  I left happy and satisfied.
5	Ever go to those places where it TASTES like it's non-fat, all icey and 'aspartamey'? This is NOT that place! If you're a frozen yogurt junkie like me, this is the place to be.  The texture and flavor of this is so rich, you wouldn't think it's non fat or no sugar added (depending).  They have options and varieties for everyone out there.  They yogurt even has 'good for you' active cultures.  That makes it all the better if you top it with peanut butter cups like me! I would drive out of the way to go to this place ANY DAY! Luckily it's nearby...which i dont know if that's a good thing!! LOL
1	I had just got of work and it was pouring rain and my ride bailed on me. I went into YoLove for cover from the rain while I called around to find a ride. I was in tears, wet, and frustrated. Someone came up to me, saw me crying, and then kicked me out. I couldn't even believe it. It was storming so hard traffic lights had gone out and trees were fallen on the street. Seriously, I will never buy from these assholes ever. I don't care how good their yogurt is. Who kicks a young crying girl out in the rain at night? Fuck you guys.
1	Worst yogurt in the state of AZ. Sorry guys, but I eat yogurt maybe twice a year and you ruined it for me. Honestly the employees were super sweet and ready to help...but they should be helping make these flavorzzz. What? Yes very monotonous! The vanilla bean and cheesecake and chocolate tasted the exact same. I'm not one to complain but can we get our $8 back?  Please review your ingredients or recipes and make sure you have fresh yogurt... Maybe it's old? I dont know, that could be the reason all your 10+ flavors taste the same?
5	Favorite froyo place... try the salted carmel pretzel flavor.  The staff is always awesome, prices are in line with other froyo places, lots of seating, lots of toppings (my fave is captain crunch and toasted coconut) and all around AWESOME! Sign up for their text club to get discounts!
2	Hadn't stopped in to Yo Love for a while so we decided to go in for some pumpkin pie and vanilla yogurt after dinner the other night.  I don't know if they have changed their recipe or if it was an "off" night, but the yogurt was icy and so bad.  I remember that when Yo Love first opened the owner explained how/why their yogurt recipe was different and that it was always creamy and never icy like the competitors.  So something has changed....  And for 2 yogurts it was almost $12 and we didn't really load them up or do anything crazy.
1	Since the original owners have sold the location seems like they are never open. We decided to go last night (saturday) after my daughters volleyball tournament. We tried a few times over the summer getting there just before 10pm (posted closed at 10pm) and they were already closed. Got there once again too late I guess, it was 10min til 9pm (yes 8:50pm) the lights were off and could see staff cleaning. Who closes a yogurt shop before 9pm on a weekend. Clearly not in the weekend/evening business. They need to change their hours posted to 8:30pm. Too bad, we used to love them, but if they are closing that early they must have no customers left. Guess we will just skip this place and head to Kokomo's for now on. Yes never had a problem finding them closed for business.
4	Cute spot. A wide selection of unique flavors and toppings. The yogurt is creamy and thick.... yum!
2	The yogurt was decent. The customer service was lousy. Went in for a late night dessert at 8. The place wasn't busy we weren't sure where to go at first but figured it out on our own. The two guys behind the counter silently watched us. No greeting, no offering to answer questions. By the end of our transaction the cashier had said about 10 words or less.
5	This place is pretty fantastic.I'm not even usually a FAN of frozen yogurt, but the kind they serve here is DELICIOUS. We were looking for another froyo place the night we stumbled across Yo Love. We've now been back several times, all the employees are great, we even met the owner and he's a SUPER nice guy.It's priced by weight, and it can get a little pricey, but I say if it's this good, it's WORTH it. The froyo here is all so good I can hardly choose between flavors.Definitely worth checking out!
1	I was seriously disappointed after I stopped here last night.  Both flavors of frozen yogurt  were filled with ice crystals, and were very bland. The staff was indifferent, almost to the point of surly, even though I was the only customer at the time.  I walked in with a smile, expecting something nice, but I can say I won't be back.
