5	I've been living in Charlotte for nearly 22 years. My love for Italian food has made me search all over town and in all this time I have found a few restaurants I consider worth re-visiting. Many are no longer around. Rullo Di Pasta, a family-owned place near the Toringdon Shopping Center, is one such place. I've become a regular customer and have recommended it to family and friends. Everything is made from scratch and they make their own dough too. It's affordable and the portions are generous. There are home-made desserts and an outside patio area, especially now that our weather has turned nice. Try it. You won't need to be convinced a second time.
1	Rullo Di Pasta serves bland, watery Italian food. Their menu includes pizza, lasagna, ziti, and salads. Nothing inventive here at all. The lasagna consists of over-boiled noodles, flavorless red sauce, and hamburger. Yawn! Their salad is boring as well. When asked what dressing I would like on the salad I was told that the selections were all from bottles; meaning nothing home made.This place will have a very short run. Avoid this bad situation.
2	Local biz? Check.Friendly staff and family operated? Check.House recipes and product made in-house? Check.Quaint interior that isn't over the top? Check.Even an open kitchen so you can watch roll out your pizza dough fresh! There is a cooler out front with a gratuitous amount of pastries. One thing I thought was awesome was the beer cooler. Plenty of single bottles and 6packs! Also, they have to-go lasagna. Take and bake at home. How cool!Rullo Di Pasta has the potential to be something great and I believe they can get there with a few small tweaks to their pizza and wings. Where I'm a huge fan of any local place that makes their own dough, a feat not easily accomplished, it does come with some difficulties in the kitchen. Also, I'm a firm believer in a well-done pizza crust. We went for a half four cheese and half veggies. It smelled amazing, it looked amazing, but the first bite was tell-tale for need of improvement. It lacked that well-done flavor. It wasn't even really cooked fully, in fact. The veggies were still raw, the cheese didn't have time to meld together and the crust was still entirely too doughy. The simple fix? Just leave it in the oven longer! I firmly believe that this would have changed the landscape of the pie tenfold. I'd definitely order this again if it were cooked better. The flavors are there, but just needs a temperature boost.The wings...sub par. Again, I think these could have been cooked longer as well. They were a little limp and lacked all of the crunchy bits on the exterior. Also, the bleu cheese was pretty weak. Not sure if they make in house or not though. All in all, this place has a great story and I look forward to trying them again in the future. I think with those few small tweaks, they can be cranking out great pizzas and wings! Cheers!
5	Rullo has changed  in the past several months and it has been an excellent change.  It's location is very convenient, as one can stop by after a workout at Urban Active.  I would occasionally grab a pizza for that very reason.  I was right there and  the pizza  was OK; the staff/owners are super nice folk.  Recently I ordered a cheese pie from there to go and WOW, it was a match for the pizza I really like, but is not nearly so convenient and much more pricey.  I came back again - same great pizza - that chewy, really good kind of cheese.  I'm on their e-mail list and get lots of super offers.  I used one for a take and bake pizza that was actually delicious, easy to cook, serve and clean up.  It gets better - they have added fresh baked bagels - daily.  If they are out of a flavor, Justin (from NY, of course) will make up a fresh batch and call you.  Now don't think of a typical bagel; it's more like a big, chewy roll, slightly sweet.  He is also responsible for the addition of  some really impressive cupcakes and giant pieces of beautifully decorated cake.  It's like a whole new place.  Also totally yummy and easy are their take and bake single serve items like baked ziti and lasagna.  When my vegetarian daughter got jealous I asked them if they had any without the delicious meat sauce (no sausage thank goodness) and  - no surprise - they whipped up some sans meat.  If you have tried Rullo in the past and were not overly impressed give it another try.  Really.
5	If you haven't visited Rullo Di Pasta recently, you need to check out all the new items.  The pizza has become our favorite, there are really good take and bake pastas and pizza AND giant cookies and cupcakes.  Not those little "eat in 1 bite" kind, but "split with someone(s)" size and so beautifully decorated.  Also, they serve breakfast now.  I haven't made it there for breakfast ( yet) but buy the big, puffy bagels regularly (only .99).  Very handy to Urban Active, Pikes  and Pawtique.  Yum.
