4	It's a chain and it's a cheap haircut. It's not like McDonald's though. You are still going to get some variation and difference in tastes depending on your stylist. What I like is that the people don't have egos about what they're doing. They ask you what you want and they follow your direction. On the flip side you won't get a ton of creativity or "pushing the envelope." I have a couple favorite stylists at this branch. Nicole is great with kids and she did a good job on my bob haircut too.
4	Ive been to a few greatclips and other haircut stores and only found a hand full of good stylist.  I go to this location, because of Eric. He cut my hair the way I like it and its always perfect.  We always talk story and he has the best attitude.  If he's not working, I'll leave and come back when he's in.
3	I will go to any one of the low price hair cut places, because lets face it... Im a guy with short hair and I get a midlevel fade and half off the top every time I am there... Its pretty hard to jack up that hair request.  My stylist was very friendly an engaged in conversation.  Always makes the time go by quick.  her fade was very consistent all the way around and she cut the top with scissors all to one length.  Great 12 dollar hair cut.   on to the next one!
4	my go to haircut place. nothing fancy, not expensive, and get $2 off every time I go there by checking in on my phone.
2	just got my son's haircut there. he's not a very big fan of haircuts to begin with so I was worried for the hairdresser's sake. well like always he wasn't being as cooperative, and the hairdresser starts saying rude comments.. as I was paying she says to my son, thank you for being a good boy, kind of.  very uncalled for and definitely will not be returning for another haircut.
3	My haircut is super simple and I spend maybe 42 seconds a day doing my hair. This is mostly drying it and pushing it flatter than it otherwise would be with my hands.  Whatever happens happens after that, so I'm really not qualified to write reviews on haircuts.
1	I usually don't have any issues, my son goes there to get his haircut on his own all the time. Today he goes and is told, he isn't old enough to get his hair cut without a parent present. I take my son back and the lady at the front desk says it's a great clips rule, by the way this rule is not posted anywhere. My son came in as a paying customer, and they turned him away.
1	Never ever coming to this place again.. Came here twice, expecting other hairstylist can get my haircut that I wanted but still they messed it up.
4	It's a chain around the Las Vegas Valley and they have coupons that come in the mail for $6.99 hair cuts with makes it a good deal with tipping $10.00 will get you a good deal.  other than that $12.00 for full price is. to bad either,  but coupons are at best and they have an app that you can check in online which is fabulous.
