3	Decent chimichangas and good margaritas.Honestly, I probably wouldn't remember Casa de Lara enough to warrant a review if it weren't for the spiders.  It was a warm September night and we ate on the back deck, where a surprisingly large spider population clung to the nearby building wall.  They weren't close to us or threatening, just there.
5	Locally owned by a great family. The owners are almost always there-waiting on tables. The service is fast and courteous. Restaurant is clean and brightly colored with lots of traditional Mexican artwork and decorations. Well stocked bar with lots of kinds of tequila and great margaritas. Great happy hoursFood is good. You have to love the bottomless bowl of chips with salsa and escebeche carrots that comes to your table as soonas you sit down. My friend purchases extra carrots to take home. The salsa is great. We think that it is mild but our friends find it a little too hot. I have had more than half of the entrees but my favorite is Nopalitos con queso -  A mix of chicken & shrimp with nopalitos and a great red chile sauce served in a small iron skillet with choose of flour or corn tortillas. Outstanding and very filling. Another favorite is the Plato Cozumel - a chicken enchilada covered with red sauce and shrimp served along side a large piece of thin grilled skirt steak. Served with yellow rice & beans-almost everything comes with the duo-they are OK-not my favorite.Great posole. With huge chunks of pork and hominy. A wide variety of seafood dishes-Pescado y Camarones en Tequila-is very good-shrimp and fish is a orange and tequilla sauce-great.They have the expected like gringo enchiladas, chimis, burritos-these are good but not great-go to Pedro's for those-try the unique dishes that is what Casa De Lara does best.
4	Good Mexican, lives up to the other family restaurants (State Street, others in Milwaukee).  They have some of my favorite chips and salsa.  Burritos are good.
4	I'm so glad that a friend of mine chose this for our "double date" night. I've driven past here several times, and never thought to try it. I wasn't crazy about the chips here, but LOVED the spicy pickled carrot slices that came atop them! My dish was fabulous. I ordered the Fajitas Cozumel, made with shrimp and tilapia, this dish is fresh and fabulous. Not to mention HUGE, I took home almost half! Next time, We'll definitely go back--hopefully on a day that it's not POURING rain(as it was when we went), because I'd love to sit outside! So nice.
5	I LOVE Casa de Lara Fitchburg. It's better than the downtown Madison location when it comes to service. They have great margaritas, great food. My now-husband and I had our first date here and it was a regular stop while we lived in Madison. Grab dinner and then go to the nearby Star Cinema for a movie - it's a great Friday or Saturday date night!
4	The fajitas are the bomb! Great chips and salsa too.
4	Ate here for lunch with my mom just last week. I got the sirloin steak with peppers and onions and 2 eggs. Come with guacamole salad, refried beans and mexican rice. Servings were ample, service was quick, food was very good with a nice kick to it. Salsa they use taste fresh and spicy, just how I like it. Mom got the chicken burrito with rice and beans and salad. I finished half her burrito which surprisingly had only chicken and cheese. No fillers with rice and beans like most places. Not sure the refried beans ate fresh or canned. I like real refried beans much more then the canned crap with lard added. Overall a very good meal with quick service and a good price to boot.
3	The chips and salsa were okay. The chips seem more on the stale side but the salsa was excellent. Decently priced, our meals came our quickly and the ingredients were freshly cooked to a very hot temp. The restaurant has a neat atmosphere with a variety of bright colors. I would come here again for lunch or dinner.
