1	Spay me, say me....thinks not!Last year we took our little kitty, Kyoto, to get spayed at the Spay and Neuter Center. We were so pleased with the place because they had just opened, center was immaculate and staff was friendly.This year both of our cats needed their rabies shot and immediately we felt compelled to take them to our new found place.Ay yay yay!  A lot can happen in less than a year! First of all, when we walked into the center everything was different. The interiors is the same but everything else was disarrayed!The front desk clerk did not know what she was doing.  She was constantly answering calls and questions from callers. The clerk's comments and suggestions were inappropriate and made herself look like a "nincompoop" to customers.  In addition, she didn't even know how to look at our kittie's charts. She suggested to give our cats all of these shots that they didn't even need! Because if she knew how to read their charts correctly, then she would have known that one of the shots she was offering our cats already had from the previous visit!We were flabbergasted when they planned on to taking our cats away from our hands to the back in their "procedure room" where we can't even watch if the needles are sterile and not be there to comfort our pets! That is the most insane thing that we have ever heard!!!  So we requested to talk to the Vet ourselves so we can request to go in the back with our pets.Are you ready for this? So, the Vet comes out and she presented herself as if she was atrocious!!!  Her appearance made us feel very uncomfortable and embedded negative thoughts in our minds.The look in her eyes and her presence scared us to death that as soon as she began speaking about how it is her policy to take the animals to the back without the owners being present.....we bolted out of there like Mr. and Mrs. Speedy Gonzalez with our cats in their tote bags.... mmmmwweeeoooonngggg!!! (or however the sound of speed goes)I am having nightmares about this site as I yelp!
5	Don't like paying an arm and a leg for your pet's needs?! Don't like paying for unnecessary tests or procedures?! Then take your four-legged family member to the Spay and Neuter Center of Southern Nevada! We love this place and don't go any where else for our pup's needs even if it is across town. Their prices are the best in town, Dr. Brazil is very knowledgeable and genuinely cares about your pet. There's usually a little bit of a wait and yea, the phones are constantly off the hook and even when you're the caller, you're put on hold for awhile, but that's because there is a lot of interest in this location due to their great rates. COMPARISON: (based on our visits since November 2009)~Banfield (Inside PetSmart): $34.99 for an exam (required for any procedure) $15-$30 per shot, $25+ Microchip not sure if it includes the first year of reg, $5 waste disposal fee (required), $190 for Spay w/o meds and E Collar. ***Banfield also tries to get you to to purchase this Wellness Program that they have and unless you have a pet with special medical needs, then it's NOT worth it. All they to do is try to find things to make more money off of you... I get it, it's a business, a lousy one at that.~Siena Animal Hospital: $54.99 for an exam (required for any procedure), $10-$12 per shot, $55 Microchip & first year of reg. $33.35 waste/combo disposal fee (required), $250 for Spay and price doesn't include meds or E Collar.~SNCSN: doesn't charge for an exam but they do one anyway, majority of shots are $12 each, $30 Microchip & first year of registration, NO waste disposal fee required, $105 for Spay- includes meds and E Collar ($90 w/o meds and E Collar)We pay a fraction of the price of what they charge every where else in town. PetSmart prices are the average prices in Las Vegas and they're retardedly high. Sure they have those monthly plans that act like insurance but SNCSN still blows those prices out of the water! Anyway, on our last visit, before today, Dr. Brazil came in to the exam room with the syringes that were to be administered. Our Pup is a lil ball of energy and so Dr. Brazil took her into the other room to where someone would assist her. It's even like that with children, when my son was circumcised, they prefer that you do not stay in the room because some parents have bad reactions to the procedure. Although I don't agree with it all that much, it is what it is. I'd like to have things done properly rather than the person being so nervous as they perform  the procedure because of the parents breathing down the person's neck. We also had our pup's teeth extracted today and it went well. Since we had our pup spayed there, we were given a price, again, a fraction of the price compared to the other places that were charging $300 to pull 3 teeth. SNCSN even included the pain meds in the price. We'll be back, repeatedly for our lil pup's needs, even when she's not a pup anymore and definitely recommend this place to anyone with a four-legged family member.
2	Okay, this was a reasonably priced place to spay my dog, however. The service was very lousy. Mean receptionist or whatever she was, any question I asked was answered as if I should have known it already. Im a good mama so I figured a lot of things out on my own, but I don't feel good bringing my girl back there EVER again. Very cold people and their customer service needs to be revamped. The doctor that spayed her was really nice but the front office people? Come on guys, back to the basics already.
5	We took our just rescued one year old Lab to get neutered and vaccinated here and I would recommend this clinic to anyone who needs a caring but affordable vet. I dropped my dog off at 7:30 am, and at 1 pm I got the call to pick him up. That evening a member of the staff called usto check on him and to let us know to call if we had any problems. A few weeks later we took him to get the rest of his shots and we were in and out in 20 minutes. They are open 7 days a week, which is great in a 24/7 town like Las Vegas. We are very happy with Dr Brazil and her staff, and will definitely go back for our pet healthcare needs
5	This is a very affordable alternative for getting your dog or cat spayed or neutered.  I needed to get my puppy Zoe spayed and when I asked my current vet for some pricing the vet tech actually recommended the Spay and Neuter Center since they are much more affordable. I brought my puppy in around 7am on a Saturday and she was ready for pick up by noon. They took good care of her and were very friendly through the whole process. They gave us clear and concise recovery directions and checked up on our little Zoe after the fact.Zoe was perky and resilient after her surgery and was as good as new the next morning.
1	I'm still aghast at my experience at this clinic. From their web page, I know that there are at least 3 doctors who work here. Other reviewers had great experiences, and I'm wondering if they dealt with a different doctor. My husband and I and another couple brought our Bengal kittens (3 total) here to be spayed. The breeder also came with us. As soon as we walked into the clinic the front desk staff was very rude to us. Ok, maybe the were having a bad morning? That's easy enough to forgive.But when we all went to the exam room, the doctor who examined our cats started us on a path of unnecessary emotional turmoil. Before we even saw her, we heard her say, "Oh, Bengals? Great." in a very sarcastic voice. Then when she saw the breeder she said, "Oh,* you're* the breeder?" and once again her tone was very nasty. To make matters worse, her clothes were rumpled and dirty and her hair was unkempt. I've seen lots of exhuasted vets, but lack of sleep could not account for her disturbing appearance.This clinic examines the animals before they admitted for surgery, which is obviously a standard procedure anywhere you go. However, they took the cats out of the room to examine them. Since they were only going to be taking their temperature, weighing them, and listening to heart/lungs, I was alarmed that they took them out of the room. This always sets of warning bells. But since they weren't getting vaccines, I decided I was ok with it.Within minutes, the doctor came back with one of the cats (not ours) and said, "I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but this cat has a heart murmur." What? Are you sure? Shortly thereafter, she brought out my cats and she diagnosed them with heart murmurs as well. We asked her to check them again later to give the cats time to calm down.  Once again, she said she heard heart murmurs with the comment, "Well, they are Bengals."She said we should get a second opinion before "sending the cats back" (!!!), but she didn't give us any information about a specialist we could visit.  She then said she could go ahead with the surgery but it was likely that the cats wouldn't wake up because of their heart murmurs. But whatever our decision, she said, we'd better let her know soon because she had a backlog of animals to see. Well, gee, lady, excuse me while we cry and pet our cats.Needless to say, we left. I was a wreck, and very upset about the fate of my kittens. I felt sick and afraid. However, I'm happy to report that neither of the cats (checked by different vets in different clinics) have heart murmurs. I know that the cat population is out of control and that for every purebred cat that is bought, there are thousands of homeless cats. I'm an animal lover and advocate, have rescued many cats, and I understand why a vet might be opposed to dealing with a Bengal, a Bengal owner, and a Bengal breeder. I sincerely hope that this wasn't the case at the Spay and Neuter Center and that the vet honestly thought the cats had murmurs. But that same day, I heard from another Bengal owner who had a similar experience at this clinic. In closing, I know that cost is a big issue. However, the spays at the Southern Nevada Spay & Neuter Center cost $80. Two other clinics near my house both charge $100 per spay. Spay & Neuter center charges $12 for vaccines. The ones by my house charge $10, or they are free for new patients. Spay & Neuter Center - $35 for microchip. By my house - $30/microchip.
1	I am very against getting treated rude and nasty for my business. I took my dog to this clinic and I was asked to take my other dog out of the waiting room while we were taking our second dog for his neuter. This was okay since my dog was acting out. But when I returned to get my dog I was told he wasn't ready and I asked politely if I could use the restroom and was denied that right and told to go to another business up the street. That they had two bathrooms and had some rescues in one bathroom and the private other bathroom I wouldn't be allowed to use. I find this very rude since I paid them in advance and denied bathroom access? How accommodating is this. I right there flat out told the receptionist she was rude. And she was really RUDE. I met the doctor and she was the only one nice. But the receptionist was a horror story in itself! I noticed when we first arrived. No nice greeting. Welcome Nothing! And felt like a number. No customer service and asked to take my dog out by this guard there. And just not a very pleasant first impression with the front reception desk. Like we are doing you a favor and we could care less to be nice to you attitude. I've ran a limousine service for over 20 years and I would not allow my front desk to give people a snotty impression. Especially at my front desk. I would never return. I was going to do all shots and when I got this nasty attitude. I only did the rabies and neuter. Figured I would do the rest of the shots somewhere that treats their customers with RESPECT and gratitude then deny you a bathroom as if your a robber or something. I gave the receptionist a piece of free ADVICE. No CHARGE. Your RUDE!She immediately went back to get my dog to get me out of there. She's lucky she did that. Oh and my dog got a free blanket which they didn't do for anyone else. I guess my little girl asked them for it. And we got special attention above the rest. I give them one star not to bash put maybe they should consider a more pleasant reception girl at the front desk who is courteous and polite. The person at the front desk is the first impression of a business. And if she was overly nasty with a bad attitude. I wouldn't of wrote all this. Mind you we had a great day spending at the casinos with our dog who wasn't asked to leave before going to this place to pick up our dog. So we were not in a negative mode or state till she started with the nasty attitude. We don't allow people like this our business so we will do our shots somewhere more pleasant and appreciative of their customers. I just fail to see how you are denied a bathroom after all the money we paid and told to take your other dog out and no we don't have a bathroom!
4	This is the best place to take your pets for their vaccinations.  They have a walk-in vaccination clinic daily from 3-5, except Tues/Wed.  The service is fast & efficient.  Each vaccination is priced @ $12.  I recently took my 2 dogs to update their DA2PPV & Bordatella vaccinations.  I walked out with a total bill of $48 versus going to their normal full service vet, which would be $130 (@ $65/dog) to update their vaccines.
5	I took my dog here for fixing.  Everything went smoothly and no issues. The staff was businesslike and efficient.  I saw none of the problems of the other reviewers.  It cost $120 for fixing, chipping and a cone coller to keep him from tampering with the sore spot.  We arrived at 7:30 AM and were phoned about noon and told to pick him up at 2.
4	I first took our Boxer Xavier in for shots.  I was worried about the wait since it is a walk in clinic.  I was in and out quickly.  The office has plenty of room and was very clean.  It was around $70 for shots and microchip.  I made an appt for 3 weeks later for a 2nd shot and neuter.  The receptionist seemed like they didn't want me to make an appt.  She kept asking are you sure you can come back in 3 weeks?  I guess they get a lot of no shows.  I assured her I would be back and made the appt.3 weeks later I came in for the appt.  I dropped him off at 7am.  There was a short wait but not bad.  I mentioned we had got him from craigslist and the woman/Dr checking him made a face.  From her body language it felt like she looked down on it or didn't like people getting dogs from craigslist.  It bothered me but I ignored it.  She suggested getting sedation medication so I took my file back to the front to pay for it.  I noticed she had written "craigslist dog" on his file.  We got him from a family who was going to take him to a shelter, not a backyard breeder.  I would think a lot of their business comes from animals from craigslist.  Rescues and shelters neuter their animals and vaccinate them before they are adopted.  After reading some reviews on yelp about how people say they were treated I can definitely see it.  They call when you pet is out of surgery, let you know how your pet is doing and give you a pick up time.  I picked him up at 3pm and they give me a questionnaire on their service.  I expressed my concerns about the craigslist dog comment.  A vet tech talked to me and explained that they put that because I don't know his history or temperament.  I can kind of see that.  However they never once asked me how long we have had him, how old he was when we got him, do we know his history, etc.  That also doesn't explain the facial expressions and body language.  I do appreciate them caring that it bothered me and taking the time to talk to me about.  There are a few extra charges that I wasn't expecting.  $10 for the cone so your pet doesn't lick themselves, $7 for sedation meds.  Both of these I were told were needed for so my dog doesn't have complications (scrotal swelling) after surgery.  I didn't mind but do think there might be people who only have the money for the procedure and don't have the extra $.  Then what?  I mean the cone especially seems pretty important.   I think it would be better if they just raised their rates a little so everything is included. Overall I would recommend them.  They are quick and efficient.  I think they are so busy that you don't get personal service but they are a spay/neuter and vaccination clinic not a full service vet so it is understandable.  I think they are doing a great service for Vegas and glad they are here.
1	My wife and I took our two six month old boy kittens to get fixed in early January...these are little babies from the same litter. We dropped of the babies and came back when WE called to check on them...I start to have warning bells going off in my head...first the doctor was a female who looked like she hadn't slept in a week (obviously grooming was NOT her strong suit)...I too started to notice snotty comments made about other customers, almost to the point I became uneasy about leaving them at the clinic. But my wife convinced me to leave them...she didn't realize the mistake we both had made...When we got there, something seemed to be distracting going on behind the scene...little did I know it was our little six month old kitten, Rascal. First we seem to be set aside for what seemed like quite a while...these people brought me Rascal's carrier surrounded with duct tape to hold the door on (when we took it in, it WAS a new carrier, are you kidding me?)...we were told Bandit, his brother was just fine...however they had a problem with Rascal...supposedly Rascal bit someone there in the face, When I asked them if I could see and talk to the employee, I was told they had left. (@2pm?)...well...needless to say I KNOW these people mistreated this animal severely...to this day seven months later, Rascal is a very skiddish cat...(the funny thing is...this was the MOST gentle and loving cat before he went to these butchers...)...the idiots told me..."the cat tried to jump back into the box and broke the door"...reallyII DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS CLINIC...the safety of your furbabies is not worth the few dollars you save...I will never use this clinic again...and I advise YOU don't either...They as a company do not respect you as a customer...they do not deserve your business...attitudes, lies and snotty comments are really no way to run a clinic. In the end...YOUR pet will be the loser...wish I had read yelp! at the timeBTW ...I have all my records and receipts to prove this indeed did happen...just in case...
1	Not very happy. Came here to get shots for my new silky. I know I only asked for shots but they didn't even do the usual stuff like check weight, height, etc. His rabies certificate didn't have any assessment at all and we didn't even see a vet, God knows who gave the shot...or if they even really gave it (I hope they really did). Service feels rushed like we're in a fast food chain. Didn't feel any care at all, thus, the one star. If it's just spay or neuter or shots you need go to the shelter instead where there's that consolation of a cheaper price.
2	I have been here before a few years ago for my cat to be fixed. With him I had no issues. I figured that I would take my pup in to the same place to be fixed, since I had such a great experience last time. My problem started almost immediately when I walked in. You see, first off, i has just driven all the way across town (from mts edge) with a dog who has motion sickness and was scared and drooling all over me the entire 35 minute drive. Then when I was in, I am not even acknowledged for a good 5 min. When it's finally my turn to get up to the counter, I am asked to fill out a paper and shooed away. I return said paper, and this is when my issues began. The young girl who was helping me(wearing a Pima medical scrub outfit) was extremely rude from the second she started helping me. She was curt and bossy. And when she led me into the exam room, I didn't like the way she handled the other dog in the room. It was almost as though she was angry with the animals and was taking her aggression out on them. This vision of how she treated a beautiful golden retriever was engraved in my brain all day. At first I thought I was over reacting until I walked back in to pick up my dog. But first let me back track to the "pick up call" I got a text message telling me my pup was ready and doin fine but to call to confirm that I got the message. I did just that, and when I said I would be in at 330 to pick him up, she tried to tell me that it was going to be too busy at that time. Well guess what? Too effing bad! I have a job, and I can't just come and go as I please. Now back to when I walked in to pick up my dog.... The same rude & aggressive chick that helped me earlier was the one who went to get him for me. When he came out he was shaking and very happy to see me. I was bending down petting him when he started to lick his wounds. She literally grabbed my dogs head and smacked it to the side. I was so pissed I looked at her and told her not to do that again. I don't know who the hell she thinks she is, but I treat NO animal in that manner. Especially not a stranger's pet. Anywho, she disappeared with him and then came back and I got the heck outta there as fast as possible. I will never go back. I'd rather pay $432,564,997  for a staff that has compassion over the $50 I saved
1	I took my female corgi here for a spay a few years ago and they did a terrible job. The incision was not clean and there was an unnecessary amount of redness and swelling. The stitches also did not dissolve and I had to bring her somewhere else to be removed. Against my own instincts, I brought my male corgi here to be neutered just yesterday. My friend (who has been a vet tech for 10 years) convinced me that a neuter is a very simple operation and hard to mess up so I brought him here to save me about $200. As I picked him up out of the car after bringing him home, I noticed blood on my car seat. I checked the incision and it was still bleeding and seeping. The incision was not fully closed nor was it smooth.  I brought him back to close the incision and now he's left with an ugly clump of skin mass where his testicles had been. They told me he had been biting at the incision, which he had not. He couldn't even keep his eyes open, let alone bite himself.  On top of that I had my eyes and hands on him the entire time. The vet tech expressed, in a round about way, that I was lying. I'd rather have paid the extra $200 if I knew this is what was going to happen. If you care about your pets, DO NOT spay or neuter here.
5	The staff and the Drs are wonderful every caring loving. They treat your babies just like you treat and want your babies treated!! We would recommend this Service to anyone that needs to get their dogs, cats spayed neutered and shots. Yes, in the morning drop off it is crazy but all the staff is very calm and nice. We took our 3 baby Dachshunds here May 4th 2013 to be spayed. The care they received was 4 star!!!! When we went to pick the Babies up they explained everything and had pain meds for them and a new Blanket for each of them.Then they brought the babies out and asked if we had any further questions or concerns. This is a First Rate Place They are GREAT AWESOME!!! Thank you for taking such great care of our baby girls.!!! The McGrath's
5	Excellent work.  The veterinarian was very caring and attentive.  After I took my boy shih tzu, i took his cone off for a minute and he licked his wound (which was a huge mistake, do not take off their cone). He ended up getting an infection and had to return for a new process in healing. Regardless, the veterinarian was very friendly and healed my dog back to health. They gave extra care and it is thanks to them that my dog has made a full recovery.
5	Very happy with the surgery (a spay).  Price is right, staff was friendly and efficient and they even give your dog a fleece blanket to take home!
5	I've taken my kitten here for her shots and it was always quick and easy. They will text you and remind you when your pets next shots are due, which I thought was nice. I just took her back to get spayed and had no problems. The staff is very friendly and professional. My cat was very sleepy for about 2 days after the surgery from the pain medicine shot they give, which was good. Incision was very small and healed quickly no problem and she was back to her normal self in a couple days! Also for a good price, would recommend to anyone with kitties.
5	You absolutely, positively CANNOT beat the prices!  I usually take my 2 chihuahuas to VCA Spring Mountain but when they're charging north of $400 to get spayed and another $400 for teeth cleaning, $90 for spay and $150 for dental cleaning is MUSIC TO MY EARS!  You can also add on services like nail clipping and anal gland squeezing.  Vaccines are only $12.  Make an appointment and then bring your dog in sometime between 7am and 8am the day of.  They can either call you or text you when your dog will be done.  The staff is really friendly, informative and helpful.  If it weren't for this location being on the other side of LV for me, I would make this my go to veterinarian.    Hopefully this will be the last time I use the word "anal" in a Yelp review.
5	I took my dog there yesterday to get her teeth cleaned. Dr. Griffin was so friendly and warm. She was patient and didn't try to rip me off. When I brought my other dog in that same day for shots I asked if he also needed his teeth cleaned and she said not at this time. She could have told me yes just to make a buck. I appreciated her honesty. The facility is clean and affordable and I will definitely recommend this place to others!
5	I know there are a lot of negative reviews on here and I usually don't take the time to write reviews but I felt compelled to since I really had a great experience at this clinic and it's only fair to try and balance the reviews on here. We took in a 1 year old male Shih Tzu who wasn't fixed and from day one it was INSANE having him at our house with our other 2 year old male. He was a total hump machine and by day 2 I was trying to call The Animal Foundation to bring in our new guy for neutering ASAP. The Animal Foundation would never pick up their phone (I tried numerous times) so I couldn't make an appointment. I found the Spay & Neuter center after some research and they were able to make an appt for the very next day thankfully! I arrived by 7:15 (was told to be there anytime from 7am to 8am for check in) and there were only 3 other groups of people there. Everyone from the phone appointment person, the receptionist, the assistants and even the guests in the waiting room were all friendly and it was a calm experience. I was only in the waiting room for the vet very briefly before she came in with her assistant and did a general exam and explained the process. The vet was very professional, well put together and very kind. I definitely felt at ease with her. I was out of the clinic by 8:00am. They sent a text that our boy was doing well at about 10:30am and said I could come for pick up after 12:30pm. Picked him up and he was totally fine and awake. Never cried from any pain. His stitches looked good and he's healed really well (it's 6 days in as I write this and he's totally great and his wounds are all brown and healing and he has no inclination to lick at them). I can't complain about a single step in this process. I'm thankful they could take us in as quickly as they did and everything was easy peasy. Here's hoping the hump monster has been curbed :)
5	I had some trepidation about going to this facility based on previous reviews. My experience here was fabulous!!  I brought my Golden Retriever here to get neutered. All went well. I had some concerns about him four days after his surgery. I phoned them and they said to bring him in for an evaluation. They listened to my concerns, evaluated and treated him and provided me with a prescription and only charged me for the medication ($12). They were professional, efficient and courteous.
5	My little puppy man Harry (the cutest Mini-Whoodle ever) is getting his jewels snipped, glands expressed (UGH), and a nail trim this morning. As far as this MUCH more reasonable spay and neuter center goes, I have been nothing but pleased, so far. The receptionists were informative, up front on costs, and pleasant the 3 or 4 times I talked with them to find out the schedule, make an appointment and confirm the same.The check in was busy but not at all chaotic. There are separate sides for cats and dogs to sit, which is a relief for cat owners. I took Harry to the screening room and Dr. Griffith was the first one to see Harry just moments later. She was very compassionate and took the time to allay my fears about anesthesia and the procedure. I am expecting all will go well from here and will get a text follow up to let me know when Harry is out of surgery and on what time I can bring Harry home. I am sure he will love being a conehead for the next 8-10 days ---- NOT. Oh well, otherwise he will be licking and gnawing where he shouldn't!I will certainly update my review if the rest of the visit brings any problems. We had our two wonderful Tonkinese kitties spayed and neutered 3 years ago at this same location. It was a different owner then, but the care was fine then, too.
5	i took both my dog's here last year after i called petco vet clinic and found out that they did not have a vet for over 3 month's and were still looking and spay and neuter was much more cheaper that  petco wanted over 60 dollar for my dog's one just need kennel cough and 5-in-1 here it was just 24 dollar's and 36 dollar's for the other dog i took in  after some lady abandoned him in the dog park I take my other dog the staff and the vet were awesome can not beat the price's here and a also told all my friend's about how good the price's are here and told them they should come here
4	Great place to take your pet for their shots. They're very quick and to the point which is what I love compared to the Lied Animal Shelter Clinic.I recently took my female dog to get spayed and they were very understanding on how nervous she was. They're professionals and know how to handle animals. The workers are very cordial and informative.Also don't worry if you bring your cat here. They do have a separate waiting room to ease your mind.Just be sure to set up an appointment for your pet to get spayed or neuter. I believe their prices are very reasonable and affordable. I will be taking my male puppy here to get neuter in the near future.
5	I bought a new puppy recently and had tons of questions and dr Griffith answered all of my concerns without making me feel dumb. Dr Griffith is amazing. She genuinely cares about the well being of the animals. Both my dogs love her ;) thank you so much
5	Veterinary staff here is attentive and knowledgable. I feel comfortable with them taking care of my two babies. They have a convenient walk-in vaccine clinic thurs-tues 3-5pm, but it gets very busy, so it's best to come right at 3pm, or else you could be in for a long wait.
5	I took my puppy shibainu to get his shots when he was four, eight and 12 weeks old. Probably the cheapest veterinarian place in Las Vegas. They really do care about every animal that comes in. The nurses are very nice & the doctors are very knowledgeable.  Take your pet to this place.
5	I took my 2 dogs here for the vaccination clinic.  The price is great and the wait on a Friday afternoon was around 20-25 minutes which I think is terrific for a walk-in shot clinic.  The staff was very friendly to both me and my 2 dogs and even though they were quick, I felt they were still thorough, getting their weight, asking questions about their health, comforting each dog before giving them the shots and informing me on the required vaccines and timelines.
3	We adopted a dog from PetSmart.  The adoption service used these folks for the spay.  They were fast, BUT...when we called Sunday afternoon to see when to pick her up, the lady was rude and short with my wife on the phone.  She said she left us a message on our phone hours ago.  NO message was left on either phone we left with the adoption service to use.  When my wife picked the puppy up, they were any warmer.  Very business like and cold.That being said, they procedure has appeared to have gone well.  The incision has healed fast and so far so good.  Since the price was part of our package, I can't speak to it.  If we needed to choose a place ourselves, I'm not sure who we'd use business our own vet, since we'd like a little nicer treatment when we speak with the staff.
5	I took Momo here to get spayed and had absolutely no complications. They had quoted me a fraction of the price that my vet had. I continued to do some research and it kept leading me back to the center. I called a week in advance to schedule a time. They called me the day before to remind me of upcoming procedure, the process she needed to take beforehand, and the time to have her in. On the day of, I filled in some paperwork, and off she went. A few hours later, I got a text telling me she would be ready in a few hours. When I picked her up, the girls upfront brought her out. She gave me tips on how to administer the medication, check on the wound, and told to call if any complications occur. Besides being loopy and running into everything with her cone of shame, she was perfectly fine. So for half the price and excellent service, I could not be happier.
5	Dr. Griffith is great. I've been to other vets who don't even care about animals. She is great with them. My large dog was feeling defensive and she knew how to make her feel comfortable and was patient during the whole visit. This will be the new place we take our dogs, and the fact that it's the cheapest in town is the cherry on top. Quick in and quick out too. No long waits. I'm happy!
5	great prices, great services
5	Got my little puppy pal spayed at this center and we had a very positive experience. Check-in for us was between 7 AM (when they opened) and 7:30. We arrived at 7:15 AM to a full lobby so I suggest coming earlier if possible even though service was quick either way. You fill out paperwork and you can opt for a microchip ($35) and cone ($10) at the same time which we did to get it all done. There's also an option for sedative pills ($10) in case your dog gets hyper later because he or she shouldn't run post-surgery and we added that too. $95 for spaying and with all the add-ons it came out to a reasonable $150 for me.The vet checked my puppy in the back and we left until we received a call around 1PM that Mango was ready to be picked up. They give you a monkey blanket for your dog and follow-up the next day with a call to see how he or she is doing. Overall it was a fast and painless experience. The staff was fast and professional and the vet was friendly and knowledgeable. I highly recommend this center for spaying. Look no further.
