2	Came in for dinner recently.Average TGIF food, more $$$ at night.We had a really great waitress, and everyone was very friendly.  The food was a little "ho-hum" just because it's always the same old TGIF stuff, nothing worth writing home about.  A "Not Bad" choice.
2	I have been disappointed with T.G.I. Fridays for several years, this time around, my opinion has not changed. I will keep this short....I haven't been to a T.G.I. Fridays since 2004. Each time i've gone, I felt like I was ripped off. On this most recent trip, I still felt like I got ripped off. The food was pitiful, and the price was outrageous for what I got.I ordered the Sizzlin chicken. In the menu, it shows chicken on a skillet smothered in cheese and had green bell peppers, red bell peppers, SOME onions and mashed potatoes on the side. Mine looked NOTHING like it showed in the picture. The meal came out on a skillet, but the chicken (the smallest piece they could find) was sitting on top of the cheese (im talkin a pinch of cheese) not smothered at all, I got 1 slice of green bell pepper, and it felt like half an onion! My total meal was over $20! What a rip! I won't be going to another Friday's for a long time again, or until they come off their prices for the food they serve.I do have to take the time to point out that the waitress was very nice, made sure our glasses were kept full even when she had a table outside that was 10 or 12 people. She did a great job, too bad I don't remember her name.
1	Both appetizers are cold. You can blatantly tell that the potstickers were frozen beforehand. Since no mini plates given, my napkins aren't sufficing. Asked yet still no plates... Oh, I was waiting for my entree to come but I felt like leaving since they took forever. Didn't stop by for a status either. Do I have anything more to say? No...
3	It was busy when we went -ever table seemed to be taken- but my party of 5 didn't have to wait to be seated. The hostesses are very young but do their job well. The waiters/waitresses I have had have been good. The kids ordered from the kids menu and enjoyed their meals. The adults in the party ordered the appetizer plus meal for $10 which is an amazing deal. It's a bit too much food for me. So, with all these positives you may ask why I gave the restaurant a 3. Well, the food just isn't great. The barbecue chicken flatbread was  dry- the kids loved it though. I didn't love the dragonfire chicken. I didn't like the veggies though. We ordered the strawberry smoothies and they were just bad. They were very icy and didn't have a lot of taste.
2	This is was my first time at this location. Can't really complain about our food. We ordered spinach artichoke cheese dip with chips,  blue cheese beef burger for my husband, French onion soup for me, and kids meals for the boys - chicken fingers with fries. Our beverage was sweet ice tea, it was like drinking high fructose corn syrup...I almost vomited. Our waitress was very nice and only worked there couple of weeks. She switched out the teas with something else, but I asked her to cut mine with water. Well, when it arrived it tasted like chlorine ice sweet tea. Yuck! Seltzer water was not available. What's up with that? I was very surprised. I won't be coming back there again.
3	TGI Friday's is your normal run-of-the-mill National Food Chain. They have a gigantic menu to please groups of people, but everything is just ok. I got the French onion soup and the pretzels. The soup was very good. I did enjoy it, with all of it's cheesy goodness. The pretzels however were sub par. I mean who deep fries pretzels? The were greasy and the beer cheese that came with it was chunky. I would not recommend. If you come to the mall on a Sunday or before a race at the track, they have Sunday Funday. You can get a 32oz beer for $3. They are gigantic mugs with a ridiculous amount of beer inside. Provided laughs for our group.
3	TGIF is your typical restaurant food. They have a couple of options that are unique to them (Jack Daniels items / sauce), but everything else is okay. We went here only because we were trying there 2 for $10 (1 app + 1 entree).  Menu was appealing because it was quite a variety even with the special.  However, on a Saturday night, it didn't seem like they had enough waitstaff to accommodate. We got seated pretty quickly, but had to wait awhile between the  apps  & entree. In addition, I had to ask another waitress for a to-go box and bag because our waitress was nowhere to be found. I absolutely hate that! I got chicken and shrimp skewers with the veggie medley. The skewers were okay, but the zucchini and squash marinated and and served up was delicious.  It was seasoned very well. I can't say I wouldn't go here again, as its right across from Concord Mills (convenient), but maybe a different time other than Saturday afternoon.
2	Let me start off by saying the service was good.  It wasn't great, but it was good.  Staff here is very pleasant and polite.  They don't know their product 100% though.  As I asked what was in the rice pilaf, and was told, "I don't know.  I think it has vegetables, maybe."  There was no offer to go and check and I didn't want to make a fuss over it, but some people have food allergies so it might be good to know what's in the food you are serving.  My husband and I came here because I was in the mood for something Jack Daniels, otherwise we normally avoid Fridays, and I will tell you why.1.  The menu.  It has changed over the years.  Some items are updated and some are classics.  But somethings need to be added, like a few more chicken options that aren't paired off with pasta or chicken fingers.  Also I would have loved to have Jack Daniels chicken if I didn't know it would have been just a small piece of chicken.2.  The food.  It wasn't that good.  It was ok at best.  I ordered a steak medium well.  This means slight pink in the center at the majority of restaurants you go to.  Here it means your middle is red.  One end is completely over cooked while the other is slight pink.  I was really confused how this happened.  But it was red dead center, over done on one end and pink on the other.  I really didn't feel like complaining but I think they should know how to cook food evenly.  They also had a tomato and mozzarella salad.  It was horrible.  I thought this would be a light side.  It was heavy and the tomatoes were sitting in some liquid made of juice from the tomatoes and run off from the cheese and oil.  It made it slimy but thick.  Will I come back?  Not willingly.
2	Well kudos for them being one of the few spots open on Christmas day. It was pretty packed and we  had to wait 15/20 minutes, which was not too bad. We had the wings as appetizer and they taste just out their TGiFridays frozen food line. I remember the sizzling chicken and shrimp being tasty; however not this visit. I know it has been a few years, but I really do not recall that icky marinara on the shrimp. I am almost certain they use to be scampi*shrugs* Our server was just okay and seemed to be little scattered and not as sunny as a few others. We both felt bloated and nauseated later on and this pretty much hammers the nail in the coffin. Highly doubt we will ever return.
4	Went here this last Saturday and I have no complaints. It's ALOT better than most chain restaurants like Applebee's and Chili's. Hostess was sweet and our server was attentive and funny. They had a good special on beer which the boyfriend loved. They also had plenty of deals like an entree with an app for 15 and many others that were similar. We ordered the potstickers for the app which were pretty good. Boyfriend got the appetizer sampler for his meal. A plate of meat so and he had complaints. And I got the sirloin medium and it was cooked to perfection. It wasn't packed when we got there around 3pm so I will definitely be coming here instead of attempting to maneuver the CCMills food court.
4	Came in for lunch and the place was pretty empty. I believe perhaps they were just opening. I ordered a BFM (Best Friday's Margarita) and the bartender made it with some love. I appreciated that. :-) For lunch I ordered the California Club with sweet potato fries. The food was very fresh. I assumed it was a hot sandwich but instead its a cold one. Not a deal breaker though. I really enjoyed it. It was cool too see the CIAA additions to the restaurant as I am solely in town for this event. Overall, the service was good and the food was good too..
1	Don't go to this TGIF!!!! The atmosphere and manager's attitude are both despicable.  My friend and I stopped in after 7 pm and the restaurant was partially crowded, so we were seated immediately. We saw the bus boys cleaning the table and seats with the same cloth; we saw employees using their cell phones while working; the talking/noise was unusually loud; the atmosphere was scary. We could hardly eat for looking around at the other clientele fearing for our lives.  We didn't know if someone was going to shoot or not.  We complained to the manager about what we were experiencing,  he didn't care, didn't apologize for any of it and was very nonchalant. He simply walked away.     Because we were so appalled with the atmosphere and what we saw, we called him back and asked for the GM's name/card. He became indignant, started getting loud and still did not care or apologize. When asked his name he said Chad (no last name)........cause he would be too easy to find on facebook.......hahaha!! "He's the only Chad at that store and the only manager in the company named Chad." Still no last name.......still he didn't care nor apologize......The total atmosphere at this TGIF has drastically changed!!!!   And oh, the hostesses at the front dot even know the manager's name.....they don't know who they are working for........and they also ask for Id when you are over 18 and not sitting at the bar!!!!! Wth???      1 star.......and won't be back........
4	Fast, polite and the food was good.  The Thai Tacos and fried Mac&Cheese was yummy.  Great burgers as well. This is no culinary stop but good fast food.
2	We were sat quickly but then there was a slight delay in our waitress coming for our drink orders but I won't complain about that since my wife had to use the restroom anyway. The service overall was good, tho a little slow on bringing the food out. Which very likely could be the kitchens fault. The main issue with this place was the food. My sons burger was cooked well past well done and he wouldn't eat it. An 8 year old that usually eats well took about three bites and said he couldn't eat it. My wife ordered the Parmesan Crusted Chicken which was cooked nicely but it was pretty bland. I've had this dish at TGI Fridays before and this was subpar for them. I ordered the French Dip with no onions. Of course it came out with onions but no horseradish sauce. I'm not one to send it back (Ive seen the movie Waiting lol) so I picked off the onion and went on. The kicker was my Au Jus cup was cemented to the plate. I picked up the entire plate, food and all by lifting just the cup. How does this happen you ask? Well it was glued down with the cheese that should have been on my sandwich, unless that was cheese from the last patron lol. I probably shouldn't laugh at that.The only bright spot was our server. She was a little slow in things that came from the kitchen and seemed spread out across the restaurant. But she kept the smile and was very friendly. They're so many other great food choices in that area that there is absolutely no reason not to avoid this place and go somewhere with more passion for the food coming out of the kitchen.
4	I have visited Fridays numerous times over the past couple years.  I have dined both for lunch and dinner times.  The service has always been good, the food has always been good.  No problems with the promptness of service or politeness of the waiter/waitresses. My last visit I had the Hibachi Chicken Skewers. Now its one of my favorite dishes at Fridays. My favorite reason for visiting Fridays is the quality drinks that are available. Its always a treat to try a new alcoholic beverage.  Great margaritas, very good double berry majito shakers.  Look forward to my next visit.
2	I went here with my wife, daughter and grandson for lunch today. The service was extremely slow as they forgot one persons order. The manager did apologize and took an appetizer off the bill. I ordered pot stickers, corned beef sliders and French onion soup. Ehe pot stickers were the highlight of the meal. The sliders were ok, but the soup was dreadful. Not even any cheese in it with a couple pieces of bread floting on the top making it look like an unflushed toilet.  Don;t need it.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. I came here today for lunch with my sister and mom who is visiting from Florida. Our waitress was good but the food took forever to come out even though the place was empty. The food was alright except for my sisters food. The chicken was terrible. It looked like yesterday's chicken that had been reheated in the microwave. It was brown inside. Awful. The manager brought her food out the second time and ducked out of here like the place was on fire when she said it was still microwaved. This was terrible. The wall against the table was crusty with old food. 0/10 would not recommend and definitely will not come here again.
