2	I was in Vegas recently with my family and after a couple of hours roaming around the strip, we were *aching* for a massage. (See what I did there?) We ended up coming out here at around 12am. Now I know what you're thinking, you went to a massage parlor in chinatown at 12 in the morning looking for a massage, how very wholesome of me. I was thinking the same thing, I was weary of the situation I was getting myself into. Luckily, this place is totally legitimate. That being said, the service wasn't that great. First of all, we had to ring the front bell for a good five minutes before someone actually came to the door. When we came, they were way understaffed. I visited with 2 uncles, and I had to wait a good 5 minutes after their massages started before my masseuse actually arrived. After we got underway, the masseuses kept leaving because the doorbell kept ringing. Not that big a deal but we paid for an hour and they still ended exactly an hour after they started, despite my massage starting later and them leaving constantly to answer the door.  The actual massage was decent but apparently it's very hit or miss. My uncle was very unhappy with his, he got the younger girl that works at the front desk and he said she had no strength in her massage, she was just pinching at him. Overall it wasn't good, but I guess you can't really expect much going to a a massage parlor in chinatown..at 12 in the morning. 2 stars because I didn't get molested!
5	Everything is good
2	So maybe I'm a bit spoiled with the $15 foot reflexology massage that includes head, shoulders, arm, back, legs and feet that they have in Los Angeles. And I'm even okay with the $20 foot reflexology in San Diego. And I'm EVEN okay with paying the extra dollar in Vegas just because its VEGAS - so $29 was reasonable. However, its not one hour as the other places but 45 minutes, and they don't include a back massage. So its only shoulder, head and feet. Service: Would have been good if two of the masseuse in our room didn't have their phone ring 3 TIMES. And to add to that irritating note, they had the audacity to PICK IT UP! Really??!! How unprofessional. Then the same masseuse stood outside while we paid for our service and we wanted a $20 broken for tip and she goes "no, no break 20." Seriously?! It was bordering on horrible service, luke-warm massage, so not worth of the money. By the way, on the way back from this place I see a couple of other Asian Foot Reflexology spas that just opened up on Spring Mountain Rd offering massages for $19, so I'd check those out first.
1	ABSOLUTELY ATROCIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We were greeted with the massuese on her cell phone.  Apparently, we were interrupting her, she never put the phone down. The "massage" was horrible, she kept rubbing the same spot & basically just touching the skin, no kneading or actual massage & definitely not reflexology.She kept getting up and stopping AND talking to her friend.  I was gettting so annoyed!!!  So I totally got shorted the time I was paying for because she kept leaving. WTH!?  But all in all, I just wanted to get the eff outta there, I was fuming!!!Then we went to pay, I gave them $100 bill, they short changed us & then literally demanded a larger tip.  She argued with us over a tip!! LOL, That's unreal, are you freaking kidding me?  If you provide a legitamate service that is acceptable of a tip, great!  But don't argue a customer over a tip.  DICK!!!!I wish there was a negative star to give these people, they were HORRRIBLE!!!!!  I will NEVER go again, ever ever ever!!  They should be embarrased to be in business!
5	The first time I've ever had a massage, in general, was here. It was quite an experience. Thanks to the awesome Yelp deal, we only paid $34/hour per person. All I could think of when asked by my cousin if I wanted to get a foot massage was, "I don't want a happy ending." Yeah.......then she quickly reminded me that we were both girls and they were older Chinese ladies that would be taking care of us. I know, bad original assumption. Anyways, we were led to our room as soon as we confirmed our time. It was a dark room with a soft ambiance. The room legitimately smelled like a hotel room (no, not a dirty connotation). As we sat down, the workers bought us crackers, tea, and candy. This made me wayyy too happy. Lesson number one soon followed this excitement. Lesson 1. Never wear super skinny jeans to a foot massage parlor.They were nice enough to offer me a pair of shorts, but there was no way I was going to take up the offer. They made us lie down and dip our feet in a water bath. I couldn't help but observe the red and green neon lights peering into the room from the signs outside the parlor. Made it feel more like a sketchy strip club....or something else....The massage began and I finally relaxed. It felt awesome, but I didn't know how to handle myself at times. Lesson 2. Don't try to make conversation with the staff. For some strange reason, I asked the staff how they learned how to massage.....They spoke in Chinese (I believe Cantonese) to each other and then the younger one said, "Don't understand." Lesson 3. Don't laugh. It just makes things awkward.When they started "punching" my arm, I started laughing. This was probably due to the fact that I was terrified about the fresh tattoo on my arm that I got a couple days prior. Eventually, they made us turn on our backs and started massaging our butts. Now I really couldn't stop laughing. When they were done with the leg, thigh, butt massage, they made us sit up. At this point, I swear I was getting the crap beat out of me. All the slapping and punching confused me. Once everything ended, I realized I was very relaxed. Just what I needed before starting on my 15 page research paper and a great end to spring break.  This was a memorable experience. I enjoyed it quite a bit, despite being weird about everything at first.They really do try to push you to tip them, but I really can't blame them. They're just trying to make a living like the rest of us. Next time though, I'm bringing more people
4	A wonderful oasis in the desert so to speak. Our dogs were barking after prowling the strip by night and day. This little jewel was the perfect find. Any massage place is only as good as the person giving you the massage. Fortune shined upon us and we both had relaxing, wonderful  massages. I am still purring!Found it a little offputting that they called us a "cab" who was clearly a friend or relative driving a normal car that wanted to charge us 10$ more than the real cab that brought us there. After that massage, I couldn't even work up any angst.
1	(See Jen C.'s review below as my experience was almost identical to her experience, down to the haggling for more tips at the end. WTF. FU. DU MA.)The lack of professionalism overshadows the mediocre massages I and two other friends of mine received. Effing terrible.
5	I was wonderfully surprised! My feet were killing me from nye partying so I just wanted a foot massage saw a sign for 29/half hr n She asked if I wanted 1 hour whole body for 39! OMUHGOSH! Got a facial, head, shoulders, back (middle section both sides) arms, legs. It was nice. I'm ready for another night on the town :) ps her name is Lili or yi yi not sure. Tipped her 20 bc it went to 1 hr 15 min. She had to run out and check in some clients
