5	Great atmosphere. Worth the wait if there is one. Drinks can be a bit expensive.
4	If you can get your head around the mild level of pretentiousness, this is a pretty nice bar.Rising from the ashes of what was once Main Street, Big in Japan has given new life to that old red door on St. Laurent Boulevard.Once you get inside you're greeted by 1000 Candles. The decor is very nouveau trendy. The whole place is a giant bar. It slightly resembles Pullman in the layouts of the bar and bartenders area. It's very easy to strike up a conversation with the people around you.I went on a casual Tuesday evening. I would recommend it myself. Yet I have no idea what to expect on a Friday or Saturday. It certainly has the potential to be a madhouse in there.
4	I respect the fact that it's virtually unadvertised. I live in the area and never noticed that red door until meeting friends for drinks there around 10:30 last Friday night.We were the last 4 people to get in before a line began to form outside, but it never felt too cramped or crowded.  Our bill was huge, but we had a great time.Went on a tuesday after work and found the Negroni wasn't quite as delicious as the first time, and found the atmosphere a bit dark for 7pm, but It's a rad spot.
4	Get the Negroni.  Atmosphere: appears somewhat fancy at first, but a closer look and you see the unpretentious crowd doesn't match the Sinatra-esque vibe.Expect to spend a bit of money. Not overly priced, but not cheap.Doorman has a killer moustache.
5	Excuse me? I LOVE this place! The walls here are fully covered in velvet curtains (I would walk around swaddled in velvet if it were socially acceptable)! Walking in I felt like I was heading into the Police video for Wrapped Around Your Finger. The place is pretty much all candle lit and you can hardy make out the dark tables. The music overhead was some French jazzy songbird. A few moments passed until we noticed the line of Japanese 12 year old Whiskey bottles of various fullness or emptiness (perspective matters) run from the ceiling along the bar like a light source. Apparently, you can buy a bottle (starting at 210$) and it gets stored up here if you have not yet finished it. Some classic cocktails including the Vesper, Side Car, Negroni, and a few interesting shared items like the Bourbon Lemonade. We ordered the Bourbon Lemonade and shared amongst 3 of us, it was quite a bit.
4	Tucking into the red door next to Patati Patata is a fun way to surprise the folks your walking to the bar with, and the dim, windowless, tasteful, calm decor, draperies, thin labyrinth inside that is negotiated by the elegant wait staff all combine for a second satisfying surprise that sets the night off right. The two Japanese whiskeys served here are delicious and buying a bottle to hang above the bar with the others so you can come any time, wrap yourself around a bottle with your name on it, and imagine you're drinking for free seems like smart planning to me (a few hits will make you forget that time you slapped down $200 for the privilege.) Definitely love this place for early drinking, but will avoid for later nights, not interested in waiting in a line for a crowded experience that kills the romance of this otherwise magical spot.
5	Love that place. Love the music. The drinks. The overall experience of a cozy and trendy place.
5	Phenomenal! One of the nicest, well-hidden jewels of Montreal. The ambience and music are unparalleled. The drinks are creative too. I highly recommend the sour whiskey.
4	I love a good cocktail bar and am glad I found this gem -- it'll be my new go-to place for drinks in Montreal. It's a perfect place for a date or catching up with friends. Intimate and cozy -- not the best for a large group, mind you. I was a bit put off by having to line up, but it was ~10pm on a Saturday night. My party of 3 ended up waiting for 15-20 minutes in the little hallway behind the velvet curtain. We didn't mind too much. It did seem a bit odd that there was a dude in a tuxedo manning the entrance. He was very strict about letting people poke their heads in to see what the bar looked like (since there are no windows and it's just a tiny unassuming red door). He would let people in based on his own discretion -- it didn't make a whole lot of sense because he would sometimes let a bunch of people in, yet no one had exited in a while. Whatever. Once you're in, it's a beautiful, elegant place. You feel worlds away from the busy Rue St. Laurent... It's got that speakeasy vibe. The hanging bottles of Japanese whisky, candlelit tables, soft jazz, and bow-tie-wearing servers create a cool atmosphere. The crowd is eclectic -- everything from university students to hipsters to middle aged couples. The drinks are good and reasonably priced. I really enjoyed my champagne cocktail (made with cava, $10). I also had a negroni, which was good but super-strong so I had to sip that one very slowly. The servers are very knowledgeable about booze. My DC had a manhattan and the server went into great detail about the different whisky options and what would work best for the cocktail. Saw some people order the bourbon lemonade ($25). It comes in a little glass bowl and you can serve yourself with a ladel. Cute. They also have some snack items like edamame, veggies and dip, etc. We didn't try those though. Okay, Big in Japan is a little bit scene-y, but it offers a cool experience, great service and very few tourists. I will be back.
4	Amazing concept, worth the wait if there is one (usually is on the weekends, late at night) Absolutely stunning atmosphere, amazing bar setup probably the only place in the city with that big of a Japanese whisky selection. Anyone who  thinks it's over priced and pretentious can't appreciate a good cocktail and should probably leave anyway ; so people who aren't just looking for a spot to get drunk cheap and fast won't have to wait in line so long. It is hardly pretentious which is something I love about it, you could have someone in a three  piece  suit and next to them  someone in plaid and a toque-  only dresscode is  turn down the irony  a notch.  The design  is welcoming and stimulating nouveau with a slight  edge so it's a fit whichever way you  spin it.  Don't let the tuxedo scare you away. There are absinthe fountains and this is one of the few places with a crowd that can appreciate the art of the absinthe ceremony, I really appreciate people who actually know their spirits. Aside from the awesome  Japanese whisky bottles that people own hanging from the cieling,  the beer comes in large unmarked  bottles which has a nice novelty  factor. Hendrick's  gin and tonic comes in a glass with  a cucumber on it. It's these little things that make for great conversation  and really make the experience.The only reason why it get's 4/5  stars is the bathroom. Its freezing and boring, it just doesn't match the place so it takes away from the experience but I imagine that will be worked on soon.The impressive ambiance is a guarantee to  get you laid- great  date spot-  great  whisk(e)y  lineup.
4	The nondescript sign on the door has two japanese characters that read "sakaba" which means tavern. We stumbled upon it while grabbing obscene amounts of poutine next door at Patati Patata. The interior layout of this cocktail bar is impressive, except for the dive-bar bathroom in the back. We went around 9 on a Saturday night in January and it wasn't jammed.
5	I loved this bar. It was beautifully laid out, could accommodate a large group of 8. It had only 2 kinds of Japanese scotch, but really how many do you need? There was no line when we arrived on a Saturday at 9, so that was good timing for us. A beautiful atmosphere and I hope to return when I get back to Montreal.
3	It was an interesting concept and beautiful place.  Drinks are delicious here I had a Pimm's Cup, probably the best Pimm's I've ever had.  The service is really good everyone was kind and helpful.I just thought that there should be a section of the place that could be more of an open concept.  So there can be room if you wanted to stand and have a drink with some friends while waiting for a seat.  It felt like rush hour in the metro.I felt half the people that go there seem nice and down to earth and the other half are stuck up or douche bags.  So it's a place where you can enjoy the company of other strangers but also want to punch a douche bag in the face.My final thought of the place would be when I come back it will be much earlier in the evening before the crowd shows up so I can enjoy a drink or two with friends and not feel claustrophobic.
4	Nice place to go have some drinks with friends. Service is really nice and ambiance is great, I especially liked the design of the booth area. You can also buy a bottle of whiskey and drink it with a group of friends or I believe have them hold it (although not too sure how that works). Would recommend for afterwork drinks, evening get together with friends or first date.
2	I've been coming here since it opened as I'm a big fan of the resto by the same name down the block. I live out of town & still make it a destination to pop into. In the business of decorating in larger cities, the interior matches my expectations, it's clever & probably is what draws me back. The drinks are ok & the bartenders seem happy ( nothing mind blowing, but average) & the crowd is good on a week night. however!  if first impressions are everything I have to say the door staff is the cockiest I've ever encountered. Walking through a friday night line-up to meet a friend inside, the logic floats somewhere else in the ozone. The door staff immediately heard my feminine frame into a 20min line-up, I mean geezus, I didn't dress up to be man-handled.  The jurisdiction was that I couldn't  even think about speaking or inhabiting the space at the bar my friend reserved for me upon my arrival, until I wasted my life in that line. Being not of the foolish sort, I proceeded to ask (& laugh) to speak to my friend in plain view to explain to him my situation. The door staff, though in suits with bow-ties and though ironically lacking all composure, forgot proper etiquette on how to speak to a lady, making all threats as to what would happen if I were to pass by the velvet curtain. I came in peace with my manners, however at this point it was wise to not reason with stupidity & just straight out  wave my friend down. Though the venue is small I do understand why they must attain a regulated capacity, however releasing this, it did cross my mind to think there would be room for a few extra inhabitants if the door staff's ego's weren't taking up triple their own personal space... finally I harnessed my friends attention & we fled to a much more loud but welcoming bar; Bily Kun.
4	Love the big red door, the walk in and all of the glass and cool seating. My Pimm's cocktail was most fab and our waitress was very sweet. I love how my out of town people couldn't believe that there was a bar behind that door. Once you walk in through the narrow hallway, the bar opens into a fabulous, intimate spot that is both posh yet inviting. I love this place.
5	The tuna tataki here is one of my favourite things to eat, and at 22 servings for $65 the giant punch bowls are a great way to celebrate life. Bonus fun: go read the graffiti on the back wall from back in the day when this joint was one of the sketchiest drug dealer bars in the city.
3	Tried to come here 4 times. On the 4th time (Sunday evening), we snagged a seat at the labyrinth style bar. They don't have many cocktail options and for a place that has whisky bottles hanging from the ceiling, you'd think they would have more than 2 whiskeys (Yamazaki & Nikka). Also, for a half jigger of whiskey ("glass") will run you 11 or 13 dollars depending on which kind you choose. We just headed down to Else's and got much better whiskeys for much cheaper. The waitress was also a bit pretentious and couldn't really speak English *and* asked me to take my purse off the table even though the bar was nearly empty (~6 other people inside)
4	Cool!The negatives of this place are reserved for getting in the door and finding a space. On a busy summer evening, you will wait in a stifling corridor with no air circulation. Once you are allowed through the door by the less-than-pleasant doorman, you are not directed to any particular seat, but must find your way around the labyrinth to a suitably vacant place to sit or stand.At first, I was really annoyed by all this. However, as my party found a place, the service was really nice and the atmosphere quickly grew on us.We ordered a few cocktails, then ended the evening with a large punch bowl cocktail. The prices were reasonable for a nicer place, and the drinks were well above average.The best part of the visit was the music, oddly enough. Big in Japan Bar plays some of the greatest mix of tunes ever.If you are aware of the wait and a bit of initial snobbery getting in the door, you will enjoy this place.
5	Beautiful, beautiful little hidden gem... very romantic and lit with candles, but also great for gossip chat with a close friend. Perfect for a dirty martini on a Thursday or Friday night.
1	Not a Foodies paradise! Anthony Bourdain should be ashamed for even listing Big In Japan.  Bad Ramen that lacked any collegen, Bad Pork Buns with over cooked dry pork, Cheap Wine. Over priced food, poor decor, dirty and the owner was rude to his employee's. Won't be back, left most of the food it was that bad.
5	Very cool little bar, it has that old feel to it, like an old school speak easy.  The entrance is just a red door, so you have to know where your going and the interior is a mix or run down cement wall with cement re-bar sticking out of the wall as a coat rack mixed with elegant decor, lighting and a very interesting seating arrangement.You want to come here for the atmosphere and the experience, I had a few Sake's to tie in the whole experience, and will definitely make this a stop in future outings.PS don't confuse this place with "Big in Japan" which is a restaurant.. totally different place, but same owner from what I understand.
3	Tip: this bar is behind a red door at 4175 St Laurent, it's NOT located at 3723 St Laurent (which is the sister restaurant).Anyway, we were in search of an exceptional Montreal bar/speakeasy.....and sadly we did not find it here. Inside is a very unique layout that, personally, I was not a fan of. The whole room is one winding bar (i didn't take a picture but I'm sure you can find one on Yelp) with interesting lighting and whiskeys hanging down from the ceiling.Since we were seated at the far end of the winding bar, and since there only appeared to be one bartender, the service was way too slow. But the Manhattans we ordered (with fancy whiskeys, natch) were pretty good I guess.All in all, underwhelming.
3	The first time I saw the place, I was quite impressed and amused by the place. you have very good alcohols there, but they're a bit pricey. The thing that bothered me was the absence of people in the bar... it's a bit depressing when you find yourself in a bar where there's only 3-4 persons. It does have potential though.
5	One of my favorite bars in the city. I love the sketchy vibe from the outdoors and as you walk-in you're shocked at how gorgeous and classy it is. It's a pleasant surprise every time i go. It reminds me of NYC's Lower East Side bars off of a sketchy backstreet. Drinks are delicious but on the pricier side. It's the perfect date spot.
3	First of all, this place doesn't have a red door anymore. They painted the door black. Look for a BLACK DOOR...with some graffiti on it.The drinks here were delicious, if not a little expensive. But you're paying for the atmosphere I suppose. The room was dimly lit by what looked like tea lights coming out of the bar, and the bar itself was one long piece of winding wood which snaked up and down the middle of the room. We sat at the first spot we could find, and only realized later right before leaving that it seems there is a separate room at the back near the restrooms with a more traditional bar area.There was also a bit of a wait when we arrived (I'd say 15-20 minutes?) but we came on a Friday night, so I'm not sure what the rest of the week is like. The bartenders were very courteous and friendly, as was the doorman.In the end we appreciated waiting. We liked that they controlled the number of people in the room so carefully as it made the experience a lot more enjoyable once you were seated. The only thing we didn't like  was a man, I'm not sure if he was an owner or a manager, but he definitely appeared to be in charge...and the manner in which he talked to his employees was very rude. It wouldn't stop me from going to the place again but it's definitely a bit of a turn-off.
3	Cool bar, nice and quiet. Love the secret door thing, it's very NYC secret dive bar feel.Very nice ambiance, and the drinks are nice. Wish the selection was more extensive both for the cocktails and snacks.My one caveat was I had the same drink three times, and it never tasted the same all three times. So for drinks consistency, it's a complete FAIL. However the drinks were still drinkable, but making the same drink differently every time just really turns me off.Had a great time there last night with my coworkers. Perfect place for a 5 a 7 during the weekdays since it's not packed at all.
2	Decor : This place is very trendy, minimalist decor (which I like) and has a lot character. A hidden gem. Food/Drinks : Drink selection is good and the snacks are good (I liked the tuna sashimi very much).Service : I must say that the staff is very stuck up. I had friends from Europe and the tab was quite a large one. They were rude to myself and other people from my group and I personally think that that alone would keep me from going back or bringing anyone there.  * I must however add that the brunette with the glasses was very nice (nothing outstanding but at least polite) . She is the only exception.
4	VIBE Nice speakeasy. EVERYONE was here on a date. It's a sexy place. There really is no other bar like it. It's fun trying to find your seat and feeling like you're in that game mousetrap in its maze-like setting. The server tuxedo uniforms are a bit too formal but it adds to the whole ambiance. The staff was okay but we did find it took a long time at the end of the night to get our bill and it wasn't busy. WE DRANK/ATE Damn it, I can't think of the drink I had. So that must be a good thing because it's boozy. What I do love about this place is the korean take on bar snacks like chips and salsa. The salsa has kimchi in it; and the chips are house-made. Very spicy but different!OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK I love it here. Fun spot but I guess I should bring a date instead of a girlfriend. I also don't think I'd want to come here on a Saturday. Seems too crowded and too "datey."
3	I would give it 4 stars but the price of the menu brings it down one star for me. The drinks are great but it is very expensive. So definitely not a casual place where people can go all the time. For me, a bar has to make me wanna come back whenever I feel like drinking, everything draws me back ( service, waiters, drinks, ambiance) except the price. I work full time and I wouldn't go there more than maybe once a month. The food was ridiculously over priced. Pecans for 8$, and the Japanese assorted chip mix, 5$ for a tiny bowl. I had a salad the size of a bread plate and it cost me 12 $ and I didn't even like it. The meat did not taste good. It tasted old. Honestly, I had fun the times I've gone, but it is not somewhere I would go unless it was a special occasion.
4	Great ambiance with a lounge feel (minus the ow seating): Moderately busy in a weeknight. Inside you find dim lighting, exposed brick, and swivel chairs that are arranged in pairs, which make it a better place for a date and conversation than a loud night out with a group of friends. Wished I could hear more jazz and/or downtempo rather than the rock that was playing that night. Interesting and tasty cocktails, but limited selection, and overeager waitresses that return over and over again to check in with you. And the drinks taste slightly different each time you order them. No student prices here, get ready to spend at leaf $50 for three drinks.
5	Amazing ambiance, incredible service and drinks worth spending the last few pennies in your bank account on. My partner and I came here for our friends wedding reception ( it was a very small wedding) and got the $65 punch bowl. It sounds expensive, but if you think about how much a bill could be for sub-par drinks for 4 people at another bar, you can see how it's a steal. And oh so yummy! Rock on Big In Japan Bar, you're definitely one of my Montreal favorites.
4	Very cool speakeasy type bar. Incredible ambience, but ridiculously expensive. Funny story - I went there on a date and was kicking back Japanese whiskeys for a few hours. My bill was $270. That night I had a nightmare about how expensive the bill was. Not even a joke.
4	At first I was, like, "Whaa???" But the tips are helpful: there are two listings and two similar businesses: one is for the restaurant and one is for the bar. If you know me by now, know that I'm reviewing the bar.One step through the red door & curtains (look for the white rabbit; really, not really) and you're bound on an adventure. If there's such a thing as  Japanese speakeasy, this is it. I hadn't ever been to a place quite like Big In Japan and its history as a famous (right word?) drug dealer bar added to the allure (again... right word?). Its past firmly behind it, this bar is all about interesting cocktails either created from the menu or the whim of the bartender. Since I think it's important for mixologists to be able to let their freak flag fly, I  was all about trying whatever concoction sprang from the imagination banks our of very funny and personable bartender. For my first drink, I tried a Gin Buck. This drink was a surprise for me because I'm not much of a gun fan. But the bartender's offer to make me something else if I didn't like it was guarantee enough for me to try it. It's a simple, classic cocktail and it's stood the ages for a reason. Refreshing (gin, lemon & ginger ale), tasty and uncomplicated, I've come to understand that cocktails like these are about precision. The measurements have to be correct and the ingredients must be better than what the average joe picks out of the supermarket. The drink skews sweet but not overly so. The next drink was a special creation. Staying with gin (what? I know!), I told the bartender what my flavor profile leans toward. I have no idea what I drank but a.) I'm here to tell the tale b.) it was delicious and c.) it fit my drink profile to a tee. If I knew what the heck I imbibed, I might have a new, signature cocktail that was individualized to me. You don't get that everyday.I love Montreal.
3	Eh.  It was OK.Really cool and weird layout inside, so would be a great date spot.  Yet it was also pretentious with pretty basic cocktails.
5	Liquor hangs from the ceiling. Negronis are INSANE.Grey textiles cover the walls. Oil lamps light the joint. The staff is classic. Like crisp white shirt and bowtie classic. There is absolutely no reason to not adore this place, except for the fact that I live in Wisconsin and its in Montreal.
4	Don't let that non-descriptive door with no signage other than the small Japanese characters stop you. It is like Alice stepping through the door to Wonderland. The corridor leads you to a sophisticated dimly lit candle bar. The mellow ambiance was intimate and welcoming. The service on point. The variety of drinks from whiskey to mixed drinks are excellent.The service is also on point. It was a carousel of musical napkin change. While I certainly understand moist napkins under drinks but I wonder the cost of paper napkins at this place. Aside that this 'secret' lounge bar is relax date spot. The drinks are well done and some light bar food if you want something along with your drink. Although you are certainly to impress that date with a gin fizz and a side of kim chi...er maybe not.
5	Discreet door as the entrance, intriguing..as you walk in, you brace yourself and don't know what it would look like inside. You come to another curtain and there you are, inside. I have to say it was a very intimate, romantic setting that was architecturally amusing to my eyes. Candles everywhere with a swirly shape bar setting. The waitresses can maneuver through these paths and the service was impeccable! I had one of the BEST Manhattans there with premium Eagle Rare bourbon. Just amazing and highly recommend their drinks and atmosphere.
4	Finding this place isn't too hard if you pay attention to the street numbers. There is no descriptive awning on the outside though.Walking in, there is a really cool vibe with the wrap around bar and bottles hanging from the ceiling.The drinks were decent. And make sure you don't lose that card they give you for your check as they will charge you $10. Then again, I'm unsure why a card system is necessary in the first place.
1	thurs night at 11pm ... They say their full... ??? So either they didn't like what I was wearing or they just wanted a line... Cause I saw through the door and they weren't busy.. So :( This place isn't welcoming.... and honesty... I have been inside... I don't know if it's really worth the hassle to get in.Don't bother ... Suggest majestique (4105 same street)
5	This place is popular! At 10:30 on a Saturday we waited 20 min to get it. However we luckily scored the best seats in the pace and really enjoyed out drinks, gin & ginger, something gin and minty, the house malt whiskey you see hanging from the ceiling (regulars buy a bottle and they write your name on it and keep there for you) and a shocu, which was a very small portion but service was great, ambiance is fantastic for a date or intimate night with the smaller the group the better. Hang your coat on the wall, find a seat, start a tab, and for god sakes don't be too loud.
4	This speakeasy place has a nice atmosphere. The cocktails are affordable and well mixed...a perfect place for a date. Get there early before it gets crowded
5	Great experience, especially if you are new to Montreal, the address is wrong though, and the door is black now.There's always a line but as soon as you get in, the atmosphere is great and the drinks are good, good advice from my experience don't go in the corner in the back, it ruins the experience.Will definetely go back again.
5	We love a secret bar!!  This place does not disappoint.  We were in Montreal for my friend's birthday weekend.  It was four girls with a mission to eat and drink our way through Montreal.  Thankfully this place is open on Sunday nights.  What a great way to end the weekend!  Even though its dark and sexy its still fun for people who aren't on a date.  We enjoyed the stylish atmosphere, the friendly staff, but most of all, the food and drink.  We wanted some snacks and tried a few things.  We loved the tuna so much that we got it twice!  The cocktails are well made.  The only thing that was puzzling was that card that they give you.  I'm not sure what its for.  Maybe if its busier it makes sense?If I return to Montreal I will definitely make time to visit this bar again.
5	Someone else said this place was Murakami-esque -- it is! We waited outside about 30sh minutes to get in on a Saturday night, and immediately saw that it was worth the wait. Did not get the feeling that this was a very touristy place, as lots of locals were there, trying to get in as well.Walk in and it's a unique, sexy, perfectly lit bar with nattily dressed staff and a subdued, but just-edgy-enough vibe. In another, bigger city, this place would be swarmed night in and out. Anyway, they play great music, make strong drinks, have friendly and attentive staff (including one of the owners, who is an interesting dude). You also get the vibe that they are very detail-oriented (my napkin/coaster was changed...many times).The bar setup is unique: it is kind of an undulating sine wave within which the staff are constantly milling to take your orders and mix your drinks. Speaking of which, the Gin Buck is a great drink, and packs a bit of a punch. Definitely hope to be returning someday.
4	This is one of those places that you must see if you are in Montreal. Get ready to wait in line (30m+ on busy nights) and get psychologically abused by the bouncer especially if it's cold outside, but you will be rewarded with one of the most interesting layouts and decor you've ever seen of a bar. Nice cocktail list and I wanted to try some snacks, but we were pretty beat up from chinatown.Diverse crowd and a bit upscale, so don't come in here if you are looking ratty.
3	These three stars are purely for the excitement of finding a secret/speakeasy-type bar and the decor. When it comes down to it though, the drinks were subpar for the price, the service bland, and we left feeling a little disappointed. They seemed to skimp on the alcohol in my opinion. My husband ordered a $13 glass of whiskey, and was given significantly less than the standard 2 fingers. My gin cocktail tasted like straight up lemonade (and not in a good way). Service was pretty minimal. I felt like they were waiting for us to order multiple drinks but there was no welcoming sense from the bartender or any conversation whatsoever besides the bare minimum of taking our order and silently running our card through the machine. Maybe it was just a bad night?
5	Lovely lighting, great drinks. A little pricey, but had a great time!  It was, indeed, slightly tricky to find (which just made it more fun), but we went pretty early on a friday evening so there was no line.  Beautiful!
