5	Drive into a residential neighborhood just outside of downtown Phoenix and voila - oasis. I loved staying here. It's been a couple years, but if the same guy is in charge, you're guaranteed to be taken care of. I can't remember his name. I want to say it was Roger? (EDIT: He is. His name is Jeff. Roger? No idea where I got that from.) He was awesome - called before I got there to check on my food preferences, and made sure I knew where he was going at night when I got there in case I needed anything. Don't get that at a Marriott. I stayed in the Pasadena Suite, which is HUGE and very comfortable. The bedroom and bed itself were fine. There was a desk in the living room for working/laptop hookup,. and I LOVED the dinette area and patio. The breakfast was delivered in a picnic basket every morning outside your door at whatever time you specified. This was a nice touch compared to other places where you have to go to a sit-down  breakfast. Sometimes you're just not feeling so social, you know? Or maybe that's just me...Plus, as I was in town for a conference, I could eat as much of the (huge) breakfast as I could or wanted to and tuck the remaining fruit or yogurt into my bag to have for a snack later. Seriously, a nice breakfast. I loved the whirlpool tub. The pool wasn't working when I was there but I didn't have time to hang out anyway, unfortunately. The grounds are very pretty. You have no idea you're a couple blocks away from Phoenix's main road. It's a cab or bus ride away from downtown if you don't have a rental care, which I didn't, but that didn't bother me. it was less expensive to stay here than at the downtown hotels I checked, and I got much more for me (employer's) money than at one of them, so it was worth it. I'd go back just to visit.
4	Took over entire place for the Greenbuild Conference this week. Jeff (owner) is awesome. Great breakfast delivered in a basket (hot quiche, hot muffins, fresh coffee, OJ, fruit). Totally affordable (we put three guys in each room and it cost us less than $90 per night per guy).  Rooms are casita style and pretty dark and beat up but served our needs.
4	Maricopa Manor has a lot of things going for it.  Joan, the owner, is friendly and low-key. The grounds are nice and spacious with lots of fountains and birds chirping, and it's fairly quiet and secluded-feeling despite being next to a Dairy Queen right off Central and Camelback. There's even an outdoor B&B cat, Dreamsicle, who happily accepts petting. The Manor Suite (#5) is a good size with a mini-fridge, plates and utensils, two-person table, small living room and fireplace, plus a King sized bed. The bathroom has an older jetted tub (which we didn't have occasion to use) and a small shower with a rain-head. Breakfast is delivered promptly and was surprisingly good; you get a hot crustless quiche, fruit, a muffin or other sweet bread, OJ and coffee. Free snacks, bottled water and Wi-Fi are also in the room.The downsides are pretty minor. The Manor Suite is looking a little worn, and could use some touch-ups/repairs. To get steady hot water in the shower you have to let the hot water run for a minute or two, which is pretty wasteful. The pool isn't heated, and even on a warm March day it was too cold to swim in. And while the breakfast in a basket is tasty, the quiche/fruit/muffin combo may get a little old on consecutive days (we broke things up by going out to breakfast on our second day). Overall, this was a nice change of pace from the Phoenix-area hotels we've stayed at before (and more conveniently located).
5	We spent two evenings at Maricopa Manor to celebrate my birthday.  Joan and Scott are relatively new owners and they do a great job.  This is truly an oasis in the uptown section of Phoenix just northwest of the corner of Camelback and Central.  The light-rail is walking distance as well as an A.J's, See's Candies, DQ, and Applebees.  We parked the car once (off street parking is very nice) and didn't use it until we left.  We enjoyed the pool and full breakfasts both days.  (Same breakfast both days - my only suggestion is it would have been nice to have a different entree.  The fresh fruit cup was very nice!  Loved the gluten free muffins.)  The bed was very comfortable - nice to have comfy robes - and the snack basket was great for late night snacks.  Perfect get-away right in town!  We highly recommend this lovely B&B!  DK and Alexx
4	This was a nice place that my wife and I stayed at near the end of our trip. We both liked the breakfast that's carefully put together by the host, and we found the outside quite beautiful. They have a pool, a backyard and a nice patio to sit and relax in the sun. The inside of the building is a bit older. It's charming (we stayed at the former "library" part) and helps you really unplug and go back in time. But it also needs maintenance and feels like a 3 star hotel (unlike the 5 star outside and breakfast service). Overall I'd give this place 4. Also I should mention that this place is definitely a bed and breakfast. It's mis-categorized as a hotel on Yelp, which almost made us not book it until we read the other reviews, as we were specifically looking for bed and breakfasts. Also there's plenty of nice places to eat, and a really good internet cafe, nearby.
5	My wife and I stayed for one night at Maricopa Manor as a stop-over on our way back to Los Angeles from the Grand Canyon. I honestly can't image why anyone who wanted to stay at a B&B in the Phoenix area would even think about staying anywhere else but the Maricopa. We had reserved the Pasadena Suite and basically had our own clean, spacious and attractively decorated "house" with it's own gated garage (something we really appreciated when weather reports said a bad sand storm may pass through the area - thankfully, it never did). The owners, Scott and Joan, are two of the friendliest, most gracious and accomodating hosts you could ever hope to meet. We arrived late on the night of our stay due to a monsoon hail storm that us slowed down enroute from the Grand Canyon. I was feeling the stress of the long drive through heavy hail, rain and wind and so I really appreciated the comfortable bed and pillows when we finally arrived. The next morning, Joan had delivered a picnic basket filled with the most delicious breakfast of quiche, fresh fruit, muffins, pastry, banana nut bread, coffee and juice. We were so enjoying the room and because we had arrived late hoped to do a late check-out and relax for an extra hour before starting our drive home. Joan was so kind and generous and said that since no one was booked into the room right behind us we could even stay a few hours if we wanted to!  Unfortunately, we had to get back to L.A. but we did stay an extra two hours which really made the drive home a lot easier on me. Believe me when I say that if we had more time we would have rented the B&B house for another 2 nights and fully enjoyed the beautifully landscaped grounds and swimming pool! Believe me again when I say that if we ever plan to stay in Phoenix again, Maricopa Manor is where you'll find us!
