3	4th of July.  It's hot, like Africa hot (Quoting Eugene Morris Jerome of Biloxi Blues), we had been out at the pool all day sunburned and worn slap out.  Did we have stuff to put on the grill, sure.  Did we feel like firing up the grill in 100 Degree heat?  NOPE!  So, we have some coupons that someone left a hanger on my door for this recently opened business and thought that pizza sounded like a good idea.  The hanger coupons didn't give the full story, so I went online and was pleased with what I saw.  Convenient online ordering and the basic "Dominos" type pizza menu.  Prices were good and they were offering free Cheesy Bread!  Score.I decided to call the order in for delivery since I had some special requests.  The lady that answered the phone took a long time to take my order, but she was friendly enough and I attribute it to new, growing pains....no problem.  Pizza was delivered in about 30 minutes and was correct which is always a plus.  The cheezy bread, I have to say was wonderful.  Soft, doughy and flavorful.  Comparing it to Dominos I would go with Marco's every time.  The pizza was ok, nothing outstanding we ordered the White pizza and it had 4 types of cheese and we opted out of the Feta since I don't think Feta has any business on a pizza, personally.  Onions, tomatoes and we added mushrooms.  The crust was OK, I was unhappy since I found out you can order different crusts looking online but it wasn't offered to me over the phone.  Next time I'd like to try the parmesan brushed crust.To summarize, Marco's was OK.  I will try it again.  We don't order that much pizza for delivery, but will keep Marco's in the loop.
5	I am from Ohio and we are starting to see more and more Marco's Pizza around us. I love their pizza in Ohio and now I love their pizza in South Carolina. Pizza X3, wings X2, & cheesy bread X2 were all hot and done on time. Staff was very friendly and even helped my carry the order to the car since it was so large. All in all.... a must try if you have never had Marco's and definitely worth getting again if you had.
5	Well, another pizza place here in the Ballantyne area...what a surprise...WOW, was it ever!After being flooded by coupons, I thought, lets give this a try. Using the coupon code and ordering on-line was a breeze.  The pricing was awesome, choices varied, and they even give you a choice of free flavored crusts like parmesan and ranch.   They quoted 35 minutes for delivery.  After 20 minutes, the friendly delivery person was at my door!  After opening the box and devouring it's hot, fresh, yummy goodness, I was amazed at the fabulousness that is Marco's Pizza!!!  Ever since, the order is always right, the pizza hot and delicious, and the delivery speedy!  The parmesan crust is amazing!  The coupons are great, and the on-line ordering system is quite easy compared to some others.  They are a cut-above the big-boys (pizza hut and papa johns) as far as flavor and quality.  After the years and dozens of pizza places here in this area, I have finally found a home!  Bravo!
1	This place has the worst service ever.  I ordered my pizza online at 650pm.  It said pickup at 705.  I arrived at 710 and paid and they said it wasn't ready yet.  Since then I have asked several more times to no avail.  I also signed up for yelp and posted this review while still waiting.  It is now 745.  55 minutes for a cheese pizza!  Even if it's the best pizza I've ever had (which I'm sure it won't be), I'm not coming back.
4	Place never lets me down. Period!! Everything I've ordered from here is very good. Can't go wrong with this place. Delivery time is pretty good too.
4	Online ordering is great. Ordered in the morning for 5:15 pm pickup.  Walked in around 5:15 was told they made a mistake. I expected the worst.  Not only was the pizza ready, they gave me the pizza not made according to my order for free.  Great job exceeding my expectations.  Pizza as always was excellent.
5	Liked that as soon as you walk thru the door the employees all shout out " welcome to Marcos!!" Fast and friendly service.
4	We just moved to the area and see them in the neighborhood all the time. So we thought we would give them a shot. I'm glad we did great pizza and good the next day reheated!
4	Moved to Indian Land and had no Pizza Hut close by, so I gave Marco's a try. I order a pepperoni pie and a sausage pie online. You can actually choose between a few different spices or cheese to be sprinkled onto the outside crust edge! Also, you can add a dipping sauce for free. So different than what I was use to. I must say, I enjoyed them. Delivery time was normal, around 30 min. (Usually close to under). Second Visit: My wife wanted to try a cheese pizza because that's her favorite kind. (I normally don't care for chees/regular pizza) Folks I'm here to tell you the double cheese pizza is NOT a joke!! That is some damn fine cheese pizza! Also, the cheesy bread was decent and the cinnamon bread is durn good too!Overall, this is a great place for delivery. Haven't gone in and sat down to eat, but I'm sure the quality is just as good. Price is very fair too! Good deals to be had online!
2	I have had three mediocre pizzas from Marco's.  The pizza has way too much sauce on it and they over cook the cheese. The wait for a dine in order takes way too long. On two occasions I waited over 30 minutes for a pizza and it wasn't during a busy time. I would recommend Dominos or Papa Johns over Marco's Pizza.
4	Okay, it's not the best pizza I've ever had, but in an area where chain pizza joints are the only other options, Marco's is the best option.   Seriously cant believe someone said Dominos or Papa Johns were better options - Marco's is much closer to the real thing.  Only reason there arent more stars is that I asked specifically before I ordered their version of Supreme if it had lotsa veggies on it, and then said yes.   All it had was onions and mushrooms.   No olives, or peppers, or nothin.   That was disappointing.
3	It's decent but it's average franchise pizza.  It's no better or worse than Domino's, Pizza Hut, or Papa John's.  They should be sued for advertising it as "authentic Italian pizza."  Gave it a try because the pizzas were 50 per cent off, but definitely wasn't wowed by it.  Ground beef crumbles were tine and sparse even though they advertise generous toppings.
1	We have been to them a few times since there isn't much around here. However, the last two times they've messed up our order. The first time they forgot about us- literally. It was busy but after everyone else picking up including the people behind me  were served I asked where my pizza was, they couldn't figure it out, though I had ordered and they'd taken my money. 45 minutes and some very hungry kids later we had the order. They told us they'd put a credit on our account for next time. The next time we called there was no credit, but they honored it anyway. All would be forgiven except they screwed up the order. We asked for half cheese half pepperoni. It came out all pepperoni but half had two different kinds. They screwed up again, and somehow we ended up with 3 pizzas that night ( they apologized and offered the mistakes). We were happy accept the mistakes, but it would be preferable to simply order and get what you want the first time. The pizza itself is not consistently made, sometimes it's better than other times. Once when we ordered ( pre order mix ups) the sauce was almost sweet and there was way too much, it didn't even taste like their normal sauce. After the order mix ups we won't be going back it's just not worth the extra time and aggravation, we could drive further and still get home sooner with the correct order and better pizza.
1	I'm not happy with Marco's. My son loves their pizza and we've been there many times and yes, usually it's a bit of a wait whether you're dining in or getting delivery. By wait, I mean 15 minutes or so for dine in. Tonight I got there at 5:55. I ordered a small cheese pizza. 30 minutes later I'm still waiting and we were the only dine in customers. I finally asked when my pizza would be ready and was told "5 minutes". 20 mins later it's still not ready nor was it even made yet! I asked for my money back and was again given the run around for another 10 minutes. At this point it's almost 7pm and we have no pizza and now they won't refund my money. One employee told me no one but the manager can issue refunds and he's busy so I'll just have to wait. I was livid. My child is extremely hungry, he's waited an hour for pizza that isn't coming and now I feel like I'm stuck there because they can't figure out how to void my order. Finally the manager comes over with my voided order and tells me half heartedly,"sorry."
