4	Good sandwiches.    The rolls are dense; almost like potato bread.  Ingredients are cooked fresh to order, and the seasonings are zesty, for lack of a better word.  I don't think the banana on the jerk sandwich was good, but I'm almost never a fan of sweets on my savory sandwiches (that includes you, cranberry sauce trying to get all up on my turkey).  The sweet notes contrasted way too much with the spice; my taste buds were super confused.This is more of a grab-it-to-go counter than a sit-down place; there's only bar seating, aside from some patio furniture that will probably be unsittable when the summer sun comes back.
4	I am going to be blunt.  Chaka Chaka is not in the best of locations.  However, it is well worth the try.  The inside is clean, modern and small.  A perfect place to grab some take out or have a quick bite for breakfast or lunch.  The menu is small, but unique.  I had the Jerk Chicken sandwich and the garlic fries.  Both were excellent.  The fries came with a creamy sauce that made them even better.  The sandwich came with the same sauce, delicious bits of chicken, banana, slaw, and perhaps some other things I didn't know.  The bread was hearty, but soft.  I wasn't a huge fan of the banana, but that's my own personal preference.  This place is very new and definitely deserves a chance to grow.
5	Chaka Chaka I love you!!!  I love hearing about fellow comics having some ambition and following a dream other than...comedy.  Charles started this place not too long ago and except for the porn place next door, it's great!  I think the neighborhood made for some good people-watching, too.Had the jerk chicken sandwich and the garlic fries.  I devoured both.  Well, I went with 3 other women in comedy and we all devoured our lunches.The server was super-friendly and prompt.  Even told him our orders and none of them got mixed up.There are only a few options on the menu, but I think it really works for Chaka Chaka.I mean, with a name like that, how can you go wrong???Oh, and get the brownie.  GET THE BROWNIE.
5	I looked at the menu when they opened and thought it all looked delicious, but none of the sandwiches were vegan or easily veganized. The other day on the Chaka Chaka Facebook page, they posted that they would have vegan tomato soup and vegetarian Chimichakas (get it? ha) AND that they would be open for dinner til 12:00am for the First Friday crowd. I wrote to ask if the Chimichaka could be veganized and they wrote yes. I knew that was my cue to get my husband out of the house on a First Friday date and finally eat at Chaka Chaka!We drove just south of the Chase baseball field and arrived at Chaka Chaka, which was decorated outside with Christmas lights and a chalkboard to let people know they were open for dinner. Normally, Chaka Chaka is only open for breakfast and lunch. But, hopefully, they'll consider being open for dinner on the weekends.We had the most delightful vegetarian (actually vegan) spicy tomato soup with fried cabbage and croutons. The kick comes from red chili paste...and maybe some curry. I think this should be a regular winter special; it's not on the menu every day! The croutons are vegetarian, not vegan, so I didn't eat them. My husband tried them and said they were delicious.The next course was vegan chimichakas (a nightly special). The chimichakas are made to order with curried potatoes and peas, yogurt sauce, tomatoes and cilantro. I had mine sans the yogurt sauce. It was crisp and flavorful.We couldn't leave without trying the garlic fries (regular menu item). Chaka Chaka only uses the fryer for fries, so vegans can feel good about that! The fries were really good, with just the right amount of seasoning.They have desserts, which are made daily. Last night they had brownies, cookies and coffee cake (not vegan). I'll go back again...just have to request some vegan specials on the menu! There are set menu items daily, but check out their @eatchakachaka Twitter or Chaka Chaka Facebook for special hours (like when they are open for dinner or open late) and meal specials (I'll be watching for vegan options). I hope that more people request vegan options and maybe they'll add some to the regular daily menu.
5	This  place is a gem! I have been hooked since the first bite! Breakfast and lunch this place is perfect for both. My favorite chrizo and egg sandwich with extra toppings so big I need tons of napkins to enjoy it, and well done garlic fries. Everthing is fresh and made to perfection. If you havent tried this place yet you are missing out!
4	Urban is a colloquialism for limited parking.My urban dining adventure began with parking on a small cement slab two plots over,  the adjacent lot is fence off. Walk in and you are met by a counter with a chalk board menu on the wall that has like 5 or 6 sandwich options, garlic fires and cake. I came in for a spinach and egg mushroom as I saw on their online menu for $5. However they were out of mushrooms. Seeing my disappointment the chef offered me a a off menu creation. A egg, potato, spinach and roasted peppers sandwich.  It was pretty good, the fried egg added a nice fat component to the clean taste of the veggies, and the challa roll bread was a nice soft compliment. ($5)For a side my co worker and I split a sack of garlic fires ($2) Honestly I did not taste the garlic, however the fries them selves were perfect, crisp golden and not greasy at all. IT came with a side of aoli which I would guess was a turmeric curry style. Seating is limited to 6 bar stools at a window counter inside and 5 cement pick nick style tables under a covered patio.Available condiments include sriracha, choula, tapatio and tobasco hot sauces, so not ketchup for you fries. Be a man use sriracha.My co worker had a jerked chicken sandwich ($6) that he liked but, wished it was a bit larger.
5	I would have never thought of chicken and banana as a good combination until I had their signature Jerk Chicken sandwich today. It was different, but good!I work downtown and look forward to trying some of their other menu selections. The owner, Charlie, does stand up comedy at the Ice House Tavern from time to time. As other reviewers have mentioned, the restaurant is in an odd location. However, the decor inside is nice, and the food is good. I hope this place does well!
5	Just visited them for the first time today and all I can say is WOW!!  The people are gracious and the food had that kick that I love.I ordered the loaded chili and garlic fries.  I could smell the garlic wafting up from the bag ~ my whole office now smells like garlic but it was wonderful!  The portions was enough for two so I know what I'll be having for dinner tonight.Parking is somewhat of a challenge but it's well worth it.  I plan on returning on a regular basis.
5	A nouveau style of cuisines, Chaka Chaka is a simple restaurant that blends the flavors and textures of Caribbean, New Orleans, and Latin American styles and runs with it. Just go and try the jerk chicken and banana sandwich. Or the egg and chorizo sandwich or their black bean soup or their fried rice. All I can say is that I've eaten there almost a dozen times, and I always leave extremely satisfied. And all the sandwiches are $6 or less.Chaka Chaka is an on-the-go type of place so you probably won't park yourself there for hours at a time. There's just a few counter table seats inside and some out-door seating and that's it. I highly recommend stopping by and sampling their various selections. I'm reasonably certain that after you do, you'll find yourself craving Chaka Chaka again before long and back there for a return visit. It's a real Phoenix treat!
5	OMG!!!!  I was told about this place by a friend and I had to try it!  I went with a friend of mine and we got the chorizo egg and potato sandwich and the jerk chicken sandwich!  I was in heaven for those few minutes that I was eating it!  We also had the garlic fries and how could you not love those! Everything was made to order so when we got it...it was hot and fresh...this place is not for those on a diet...but it is so worth the calories and splurge!  The price is so excellent!  You would definitely say this is urban dining at its finest!  I love this place...it is not in the best area but that is ok!  I am willing to make the drive for this deliciousness!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Place is closed with a FOR RENT sign in the window.
