5	The Container Store has finally arrived in Arizona!I fell in love with this store when I lived in DC and I'm so glad that we now have one in our own backyard.The Container Store is an organizers heaven and a dis-organized persons savior!You can organize your entire house, office, closet, whatever you want...there is a container for everything! If you haven't been to a Container Store before, go and check out the new store here in AZ...you won't be disappointed!!
3	Well, I was disappointed. I was expecting this one to be a jazzed up container store. But...it was just average. I used to visit Container Store in Houston near the galleria. It has a nice selection of things. People are always ready to help etc. But, this one has an aloof sort of customer service crowd. They say nice things about your kid but do not offer to help. Hmm... I have seen similar things they were selling at Ikea. The quality did seem a little better than Ikea but if you are buying a laundry room shelf for your laundry detergent...who the hell cares. Its a shelf! Doesn't matter if it has 15 coats of paint on the metal or 2 coats. I found one of those Sistema Lunch boxes that I have been looking for over here and it was on sale. Will I go back? Probably not. Too far out for me, plus I like Ikea better.
5	The Container Store is SO much better than the (other) storage store that used to be in Sonora Village off FLW & Pima! (the 'other' store has since closed).I used to go to the Container Store in MA and before that, in NJ, so I was very disappointed when I moved here and found there were none.And, so excited when they DID open one!I have waaay too much stuff, and never have enough places to put it, so I am always buying stuff to put my stuff in, and squeezing it in with what I already have.If I can't find the exact size item I need at Target or Walmart, Container Store is where I usually CAN find it.Whenever I go there, it takes me at least an hour - I simply must browse down each and every aisle, and always find interesting solutions.  They have great traveler's accessories, too, btw.It IS somewhat pricey compared to Target & Walmart, but as I said, the selection and quality is better, and I have always found the staff to be very helpful (sometimes TOO helpful, they can get annoying asking over and over if I need help).You can also pre-order online and pick up at the store, if you want to get out quickly and avoid the temptation of browsing....!
5	Wow - I love to organize!  It just makes me feel good inside.  This store is an organizer's dream!  The staff is friendly and helpful, the store is always clean, and they usually have some sort of sale going on.  I picked up a few things for my pantry, and had a painless return when some items didn't work out.  This is definitely my go to store when I'm feeling the need to clean up my life!
5	Though expensive, this store has things that you never knew you needed. I was so happy to have such friendly and helpful service, that I will keep going back.  You can ask anything and they can help you and are make returns very easy!
4	Love this place! Super fun you never know what you will find until you find it!So here's the deal I just adore to browse in there and get ideas-seriously how can you go wrong?I found a ridiculous item which I'm not sure that I want to share online-oh well lets do it. So you know when you buy hot dogs and the package doesn't seal back up? So of course the container store would have something as silly as a hot dog container to hold the rest of your package.  Plus they had great large jars, and shoe boxes, and lots and lots of containers.I think if I could get away with it I would build a room of containers! I love to have things organized and the container store if fun to look at.Check it out!
4	Went here after I was told they sold wrapping paper from a gal at Pier 1 at Tempe Marketplace. I needed a few rolls with a Damask design for my wedding cake baker. She's making cupcake holders out of them! Upon entering the establishment, I was blasted in the face/lungs with the smell of plastic. Which is to be expected when going into a store of this kind. I was impressed with the overall selection of containers. From little itty bitty (coin size) to huge Rubbermaid!  The wrapping paper selection is less than to be desired, though they do have a whole isle dedicated to gift wrapping. Then again, I might be biased because I did not find what I needed. They also have a section for garment bags and the like. I had planned on buying one for my wedding dress and a nice satin coat hanger. Alas, the overwhelming smell of plastic consumed me and my lungs and I had to immediately leave up having an allergy/asthma attack. Though I'd love to visit again and get the garment bag and nice coat hanger I had in hand, my lungs forbid me! :(
4	The Container Store is one of my favorite places to shop when I want to clean up and organize things in the house. We have use the Container Store for over twelve years in four different states and have always been impressed with the helpfulness of their employees and the quality of the products they carry. I know many of us start off by shopping for Elfa products, but it is their other organizers products which bring us back time after time. One funny story, we were moving from one state to another about seven years ago and our new location didn't have a Container Store. So we measured all the closets in the new location, bought what we needed from our soon to be old state's Container Store and had the movers load the Elfa, etc. last onto the truck -- this gave us time to strip the closets and set up the Elfa organizers before the movers had unpacked the clothes from the truck. A big WOW to The Container Store. Nice job!
4	Wowza!  This place is pretty neat.  I secretly yearn to be ultra organized, but rebel against those tendencies daily. Walking in here made me want to work here looking at all the ways to keep things in their place and finding a place for everything.  Right now my philosophy is to keep things out where I can find them easily (maybe that is why my closets are only half full and my bedroom looks like a tornado hit it).    I came here in a fit...on one of my organizational sprees.  I was in the area (kind of) and I stopped in.  If you are looking to get organized and get quality products stop in here before you resign yourself to the cheap Sterilite options that warp and give up way too easily in organizational challenges.  They also have glass dropper containers and spray bottles.  Perfect for my potions, salves, and remedies I whip up at home.  I was admititedly in a hurry and looking for specific items which I mostly found.  I also paid more than I was expecting.  All I know is it's nice to have an option other than WalMart, Target or the like for containers and organizational products.
3	Caveat Emptor here.  Lot of similar or maybe identical products to stuff at discount places (Target, Home Depot, etc.) but this place charges big bucks for some rather simple stuff.   Even if not found elsewhere, it seems like the items here are really quite expensive.  Also there's this foul, industrial smell in the place that you can't miss right when you walk in.  Staff was polite, and parking is generous.
3	Yes, I'm writing a review on The Container Store... I must say when my lovely bride told me we were going to stop in here for a few minutes I thought to myself ~ man this stinks!  This isn't going to be a quickie, stop in and out, this is shopping and there is no such thing as "just a few minutes" to a women that is shopping...To my surprise I found myself rather enjoying the experience.  This is attributed to the friendly staff and the selection of unique organizational things that geeky peeps with compulsive disorders like me seem to enjoy.I got stuck in the kitchen organizational tools and gadgets area and what seemed like only a few minutes was actually several minutes.  They have soooo much stuff to help you better organize your kitchen, closets, office, etc.  I pulled all kinds of things off the shelf, put them together as if I was in my own kitchen and pantry at home.  After a few gawks and stares from some of Scottsdale finest snooties I loaded up my little shopping cart and headed for the register.  This place is a nice store with plenty of organizational options for you to choose from.  Some of the items are not as good of quality as I would expect when compared to a place like Crate and Barrel, but they compete with the other place that Buz Light Year shops at ~ "to Infinity and B-Bath and Beyond"!
4	I love this place.  It caters to my OCD.  I like to have things in places where I can find them.  My hubby is always amazed, whatever he is looking for in our home, if he asks me, I know exactly where it is.  I am now organizing the twins bedroom, they have tons of stuff that need to be contained.
4	Everything an organization buff could hope for in a single place. Need some inspiration to  declutter your house? This is the place. I really appreciate the Container Store's approach to organization: tuck away items neatly but still have them visible for easy access.We've been avid Container Store customers for many years in California and find this Phoenix location to be just as great. The layout is logical, with a wide selection of tools to organize the kitchen, closet, and garage.Return policy = excellent. No time limit, and if you don't have the receipt they will just give you a store credit for the lowest retail price within the last 90 days.Overall very friendly staff at this location. However, the last few times we went there, the sales associates started convos with us about the items were buying. I'm all for exchanging pleasantries, but we were just there to pick up 1 or 2 items and not looking for confirmation on our purchases.
5	I could spend HOURS in this store. Seriously, you can find any & every container for everything in your house. If you love organizing this is the place to go. They have little trinkets and plastic containers for your bathroom, kitchen, bedrooms. You can also order stuff online like shelves and pick them up here too. i ordered to leaning book shelves that I had to assemble myself. Lots of people on the floor to help find what you need as well.It's located next to a Whole Foods and there's plenty of parking!
5	If you have never been here, do not assume you will be able to just go in for a quick browse.  Assume a good hour will get you through the major attractions, especially if you have a "Type-A" personality.  It's AWESOME.  They have at least a million things you never knew you needed.  Grab a big cart, and talk to the staff.  They are all smiley, super-friendly!  It seemed like at least half a dozen staff members said something to me in the hour I was there.  I highly recommend this place to everyone!
5	This place is a dream come true for me!  I'm a fairly organized person and love having everything in a spot so its easy to find in my place.  Since I just moved, I was looking for a cute tabletop desk organizer to keep stuff like bills and important paperwork around and organized.  Since my other favorite store called storeables closed, I found this place instead. I  had no idea they were even in the valley! Shame on me!Anyways, this place carries everything you could imagine.  Laundry stuff, bathroom, drawer organizers for the bedroom, office and just about everything closet organization you could think of.  I wandered through the store and really loved the selection. I've ordered from their website before but never been in the store.  They have great sturdy containers that I use for scrapbooking supplies, which I still have today all these years later.Their selection 's amazing.  Lots of different styles, sizes and options to choose from. I was in the office section and noticed that they had a stackable office organizer, but it was to big for my needs, as I wanted something more compact to hold mail, clips, and a few other things to keep out on my table for when I do bills or have important documents that need my attention.  They had an entire aisle just for me!!  I found a cute little mesh wire organizer and I immediately knew it was mine! Plus, it was only $10!  Nice!!Weather your crazy organized like me, or you just need help getting there, this place has something for everyone.  Don't be afraid to channel your inner diva at this place...guys included.  Staff here is awesome, friendly and helpful and will answer all your questions.  The guy at the register who checked me out was so friendly, and it really made my day.
5	Love, love The Container Store. This is one of those businesses where I kick myself for not coming up with the idea first. I'm such an organization dweeb...this store is heaven! I'm on their email list (shocker, I know) and received notice about their recent travel organization items, so I popped in over the weekend. It's up in north Scottsdale, and I believe it's the only one in the Valley. I walked in the door...And stayed...and stayed...and stayed... If you've never been, go at least once. I dare you to not find some organizational item in this store that you don't need. Kitchen, bath, garage, car, closet, office, dorm, living room...it goes on and on. The store also provides demonstrations on various products and how they can be used and combined with others to organize your stuff and save space. I don't care how organized you *think* you are -- you need to come in here. There's something in this store you need.
5	Lots of cool things..great things for the kitchen... very friendly staff. will defiantly go back.
5	I was dragged kicking and screaming into this store. And then I spent $50 on stuff I had to have because I just couldn't imagine my life without it!!! This store really is amazing. While the prices can be a little much, the sales are good and some of the stuff you just really didn't know you needed but will now make your life so much more wonderful. What made my life 100 times better you ask? Well...the ladies all know how fun curling irons are and how when you put them away you end up with melted plastic all over them. or that long trip to the airport where you have to hold it to put it in the suitcase at the last minute because it is to hot. Well... for the price of $17 my friend, you can have a container that you can put your hot curling iron in and never have to peel plastic off it again! On a more serious note, the closet stuff looks amazing. The shoe racks are going to be a life saver and when I move next year I have a feeling I will be spending some serious dough in this store.
5	WOW!!!!  This place is bright and inviting, please come and buy something.  It has everything you can think of to organize or give your OCD side a smile.  The prices are a little bit more but you find everything you need for organization under 1 store for your entire house.
5	Love, Love, Love this store. I could spend every last dime I have in here organizing everything in my house. This store has stuff I would have never even thought of! It is such a fun store for people who love containers, organizing, or just unique items. I have completly reorganized my linen closet with stuff bought from here and it is fantastic. They are very friendly and helpful as well. Prices are ok, a little high but the stuff is really good quality.
4	I first started shopping at the Container Store when we lived in Houston. Back then I thought they were very overpriced but as I got older I realized that it is well worth spending money on products that make your life easier! The other reviewers have already praised their closet organization system but they also have tons of kitchen gadgets for bar and cooking.  They also have lots of little gizmos for the rest of the house that you have never heard of but as soon as you see them you realize that you absolutely need to own it! This makes it a great place to shop for stocking stuffers or small gifts for those hard to shop for friends and family. A lot of people don't realize they also have an amazing gift wrap area. You can find a box or bag to fit anything with tons of fantastic paper and ribbons.I do wish that the shipping costs on their website weren't so high. Most other retailers had free shipping for the holidays but not The Container Store. The store is about an hour away from my house so that is a pain. But at least you can order online and do in-store pickup for free so that will save you some time.
4	When it comes to organization, there is nothing that tops Container Store!!I've found things to help me organize things I never knew needed organizing!I recently purchased a $600 shelving system for a retail space - and after putting together a few Ikea cabinets for another part of the store - it was a breathe of fresh air to assemble something that didn't require any hardware but looked killer! Aside from that I've purchased everything from large simplehuman trash cans to teal, flowery pencil cups. Great selection of everything needed to put your OCD in check.Some of my favorites are the cord/computer wiring organization. There is a company called Bluelounge that carries a cordbox that rocks. I live in Tempe so the drive is a bit out of the way - but it's sooo worth it! PS - They are SUPER pet friendly!!
5	This store is an organizer's heaven! I have visited the Container Store here and there over the years and every time I visit, I find myself immersed in a world that's begging me to be more organized in life. The Container Store has it all and I mean everything. The store is organized based on area of the house, so there is an area for kitchens, offices, bedrooms, closets, etc. They have items I didn't even know existed and I don't know how I lived without! It's easy to do some serious monetary damage at the Container Store, but luckily they keep the prices pretty reasonable and offer some great sales. I don't know what else to say about my favorite organizational store. If you like to organize, need to get organized, or simply want to do some retail damage, just peek into the Container Store!
5	This is one of my new favorite stores. CUSTOMER SERVICE IS EXCELLENT HERE! Great selection. Staff is very helpful suggesting products specific to your needs and letting you know about sale items and discounts. THANKS GUYS!
4	This store always makes my leg tingle and the hair on my neck rise. I love being organized and this is the go to place to get it done. Inside is always super neat and tidy. The service is very friendly and they welcome you right when you enter.Normally get things for the kitchen, closets or sometimes the garage. Last visit I found some really cool Stainless Steel Measuring Spoons in the shape of rectangles. The older style round ones just do not fit in some of my spice jars and make a mess. Picked up some really nice Plastic Containers with snap on lids for all my dry goods. They are very strong and durable and fit perfectly in my kitchen cabinets. Nice!You will normally see this store next to a Whole Foods Store. Rumor is that the two major influences of both companies were roommates in Austin, TX while going to UT. HA! Reminds me of my college days back in TX and all the wild and crazy parties we used to have.I've said too much and Must CONTAIN myself now. Oh Snap!4.5 STARS
5	I am a professional home organizer, and this is my heaven. Obviously.
4	If you live your life thinking there is a place for everything and everything should be in it's place. Well this place is for you. Anyone can organize their home with one shopping trip here.
5	The Container Store is one of those places I go when attempting to create order from chaos.  Each time I visit, I find at least one amazing thing that I had no idea I needed yet somehow can no longer live without.Each time I leave with things I did not plan to buy.  Yet, I keep going back.I guess it helps that the store is very well organized (well, duh) and the employees are friendly, helpful and make excellent product suggestions.  Oh, and the shoe boxes are amazing.  You can buy them by the case.  Don't ask how or why I know this.During holiday season, you can find fun stocking stuffers and great things for packaging and wrapping gifts.  I love the doggie wrapping paper and hope it will be back in stock this year!I will keep going back, pursuing that fantasy vision of that perfect organized life.  I can do it.  I just need one more apothecary jar...  Or two...
3	Huge selection of storage options.  Prices are a little high but the product should last a long time.  I bought some shoe racks which helped my organize my closet quite a bit.
5	The customer service is great! the products you will find no where else. Be ready to spend some $$ on items you'll never know how you lived without :-)
4	Love coming here.  All your organizational needs in one place!  I think their stuff is a little pricier than if you find similar items at Target, Lowe's or other stores that sell what CS sells.  However, you won't see the variety.
4	We used to go to The Container Store a lot when we lived in San Francisco, so when this one opened up in Scottsdale, we had to go check it out!One of my favorite items to get are the shoe boxes. Being the shoe addict that I am, they are clear, and are the perfect size. There are so many different types of organizational products to choose from that generally, you'll probably find what you need.
5	My life would be complete if The Container Store would open in Calgary. It is an organizer's dream! Everything you can think of - from large storage bins, kitchen containers, office storage, gift wrap, travel accessories, and more. They have plenty of closet organization tools, including their own in-store brand. If only it would all fit in my suitcase to bring home with me!
4	I love walking through this store.  As someone with ADHD, I find that to ameliorate any issues with being scatterbrained, I must be organized to a fault. This place allows me the luxury to do so.  I have walked in here 3 times (I live in Laveen) and each time, the store has something new to help me maintain my organization.  It always helps in a way I didn't realize was necessary, but is completely so.
5	Okay, I'm officially upping my score - I'm here so much they are starting to recognize me. I honestly don't think my life could be any more organized yet I keep finding ways to organize things here and there. Once you get a layout and idea of what this store offers, you'll find yourself thinking "I bet I could find a way to better organize this..." as you're cleaning house. And no, I don't have too much time on my hands.My kitchen is now plastic free, I use glassware storage and jars of all sizes to store things. I used to buy them at Sur la Table but they are actually a little less here. I will continue to make the drive from Tempe - hands down best store in the Valley for quality regarding organization and storage!!
5	As an organized freak, this store is the bestest with the mostest!  To organize anything, they have got it.  Just walking thru gives me ideas to neatin up my life!!
4	Overpriced. but.. i just need everything in this store?There return policy is fabulous if you have something already assembled - They don't care they will take it back!And everyone in the store is super helpful, and did I mention I just need everything in this store. I didn't know it.. but now that I am aware of everything I can do. I NEED it.
