3	We were in Phoenix on a golfing vacation.  I was surprised that the rental car place wasn't attached to the airport, but there is a free shuttle service to and from the airport.  We arrived mid-day and got to the rental car plaza.  The wait was a bit long here, but once you sign your papers and get your keys its not too bad.  You have to head downstairs to the parking garage and pick up your rental.We ended up with a grandpa car (buick), but its fine because the trunk was big enough for 2 golf bags and a large suitcase.  The car overall was clean and ran fine. When returning the process was also very easy and pretty fast.  Just pull into the garage and wait for someone to check you in.  The location is pretty easy to find off the express way- there are tons of signs clearly marking where you need to go.
1	The worst!! Booked a rental car online- total for 4 nights was $201.00. Arrived at off site (away from airport) property and it was downhill from there. Wouldn't take a debit card- MADE me use a credit card....but we were assured we could change the credit card to a different form of payment when we returned the car. Wanted $13.00 extra a day for the additional driver- fine, we paid it. Upon return, service was extremely  unfriendly and this guy wanted $7.00 a gallon to refill half the tank (his exact words were "You DO know it's $7.00 a gallon because you didn't bring it back with a full tank") Uh, no actually, I didn't. Then he promptly, charged the wrong card- without confirming anything with me and the total after all that garbage? $340.00....we paid $140 more than what we planned to. NEVER AGAIN.
5	Very smooth streamline rental experience while we were here on our trip to Tucson. We ended having to land in Phoenix as it was a Priceline whoops that we didn't see as we really needed to be in Tucson. Priceline hooked up the price which was great and our rental agent was very friendly, detailed, and even added me as a driver to the car no charge. He gave us all the necessary information and pointed out in the end the cost of gas if we do not choose to fill it up upon return. We were in and out of there fairly quickly and even the car we got was literally brand new. I've rented from Budget in the past and even though they are not the cheapest they do make up their cost in the service they provide. Will definitely be renting from them again.
