5	Hammer CrossFit is not your normal, run-of-the-mill gym. Nor is it a run-of-the-mill CrossFit gym, for that matter.If you're looking for treadmills, weight machines, snooty high-pressure trainers, and juiced-up weight room gorillas, all for the low low price of $20 a month, head on down to the Globo Gym of your choice.If, however, you are looking for a gym where you matter, where your results and improvements are important and celebrated, where friendly competition rules the day, where you don't know what the day's workout might bring, stop on in. This gym is small, but don't let that turn you off. Its size is its strength. Everyone there knows everyone. This closeness fosters the kind of working relationships that drive success and motivation. The guiding principles of CrossFit make the workouts accessible to everyone, and I do mean everyone. Pro baseball player? Check. Kindergarten teacher? Yep. Mother of 3? Uh huh. Policeman? Yoga Instructor? Kids? Grandmother? Military? Yes, yes, yes and yes. You will find all of these people there and more, because what they have in common is a desire to be fit. To be challenged.This gym offers other programs as well. They have a kids class for ages 5-12 which meets three evenings a week. They also have a mother's group which meets in the mornings. The pricing of this gym is on par with other CrossFit gyms. Which is to say, it's not cheap. But where has cheap gotten you?  I came there at the beginning of this year looking to change up my tired workout routine. I was welcomed and guided personally by the gym's owners, Cash (Kirez) and his wife Tash. They are there every day and are passionate about CrossFit. When you come, they will give you a workout to gauge where your fitness level is. They call it Day 1. Dependent on your performance, they will then suggest you join Grunt School, where you learn the movements you need to know to be successful at CrossFit. If you are advanced, they may have you skip Grunt School and join the rest of the gym in its daily workouts, called WODs. This first week is a trial period, where you decide if the gym is right for you. After that, you can decide to join or not. These people know their stuff, and are very innovative. I would definitely suggest you call and make an appointment. You really have little to nothing to lose.
5	The Only Easy Day Was Yesterday As a man who has put to the test a myriad of diets, gyms, training programs, supplements, fasting's, silly myths found in monthly magazine subscriptions and just about everything else under the sun, I can confidently write a review to tell you that I have found my home. HAMMER CROSSFIT!!!  You see in the world we live in today, shortcuts are taken at every waking opportunity.  There is no time to nurture good training habits, no time to build character, and no value put in to one of the most imperative ingredients to living a happier life; your health and fitness. Those who are unfamiliar with the culture of Crossfit, let me get to up to speed.  You go fast, you go hard, you eat clean, you recover, you repeat.  Sound simple?  Haha, believe it or not, it is.  Approach this journey with the right attitude and develop a carnal desire to rid yourself of boundaries set only by your inability to comprehend what you are truly capable of because no one has ever cared to help you get there.   And therein lies the foundation of the Crossfit sport: its athletes.  Rarely do you find a group of individuals who is more concerned about your overall well being and progress to becoming a better you.  Hammer Crossfit is ran by a husband and wife.  Kirez (Cash) and Natasha Reyolds have truly put their heart and soul into this place.  The culture they have built at this box (the Crossfit term for "gym") is nothing short of inspiring, even by Crossfit standards.  What started as a small group of people working out in the middle of a frozen parking lot has steadily become one of the most impressive places in the Valley to get fit.  Everything from workout programming to finding the right coaches to represent the gyms philosophy, the Reynolds have really hit the nail on the head.  And as a testament to the coaches, their commitment and sincerity is apparent through each and every member.  The support you receive from the box's members is truly astonishing.  There is nowhere on Earth where you will find a fellow "competitor" if you will, be as excited for their progress as they are for yours!!!!  It is quite the phenomenon and it cannot be replaced with anything else.  So those who are on the fence, stop by.  Training to become the best version of yourself is scarcely coveted.  But what Crossfit teaches you is that you set your bar too low.  You are capable of reaching any and every goal to set your mind to.  Then when those are done, and you look back, Hammer Crossfit will help you set new ones, and cheer for you every step of the way till you get there!!!
5	Been at Hammer Crossfit for almost 3 months now. I joined without really knowing what i was getting my self into. But from day one i felt right at home Kirez and Tasha have been very helpful and motivating. I was an ordinary gym member at LA fitness for yrs. but i lost my motivation just got bored of the same routine. I have to say that for the first 2 months of Crossfit i was swore every single day. The workouts are always different fast and intense. I would recommend this gym to anyone thats looking for a Crossfit gym, I love it and will keep doing it for as long as i can :-)
5	A few years ago I tried to do crossfit just based on the workouts on the crossfit main site. It did this for a few months and just wasn't happy with the results I was getting so I quit crossfit. I seemed to be lost during the workouts when it came to some of the technical Olympic lifts and not to mention the gymnastic work. I moved on to other endeavors, A few months ago the crossfit bug bit again and I decided to do it right this time and find a crossfit coach. O found that Hammer is close to my house so I went to see Kirez the owner. He explained the theory of crossfit and had me sign up for the grunt school. Kirez and Tash are very passionate about crossfit and they ensure that you understand not just how to do an exercise but why you do the exercise. I've been there less than a month so far and I have not met a single member that wasn't willing to help the new guy.  Everyone encourages you to do your best, They even make every effort to make sure that you know the names of the other members. They really are a family.  Are they the cheapest gym around? Definitely not. But the instruction, camaraderie and encouragement to do your best is well worth the money.  I've belonged to other gyms where the membership was cheaper but all the members just walk around like zombies with no guidance. And if your there long enough you will see that the same people are doing the same thing over and over again with no progress.  At Hammer you will improve. Kirez and Tash will make sure that you do, they won't let you just go through the moves they will ensure that you do your best.  If you want to improve in any aspect of physical fitness then Hammer Crossfit is the place for you!
5	I've been doing crossfit for just over two years and like to do drop-ins at the local boxes when I travel.  Today, I did a drop in over at Hammer Crossfit, and LOVED IT.The coaches Natasha and Kirez are very friendly, knowledgable and helpful.  The gym is clean, large and beautifully equipped.  A large space, but still very personal for every member which can be a fine line to walk.Best of all... for two years I have struggled and been unsuccessful at doing hand stands against the wall.  Kirez had me up and doing them on my own in under 10 minutes.  A MIRACLE WORKER I tell you.  A huge HUGE THANK YOU.  I can't wait to visit this box again and bring my husband along the next time I'm in town.
5	Hammer Crossfit is my second home. I joined Hammer over two years ago at a point in my life where I was a little lost. I had gone through some major changes in my life and needed something to focus me again. Hammer filled that competitive void I was missing from my days as a college athlete, provided the "play" in a normal adult's life, and introduced me to my now closest friends.  It became so much more than just a place to workout, but rather a community that I couldn't live without!
