5	I am thankful I found this very honest Animal Hospital....I've found another closer that was awful..me and and my best friend..and also my wallet are much happier now....we are all happy and HEALTHY and HAVE MUCH MORE MONEY NOWApollo  don't sell me treatments and wrong medications that  my friend and I don't need unlike the other place.....This place IS HONEST.......me and my BEST friend are Thankful11-8-14AS AN UPDATEThings have changed since my review.I don't have a reason to lower the rating so I didn't yet.Most of the staff including DR. has changed. I will update if needed.
5	They were terrific.  Got my dog an appointment quickly.  Have had several follow-ups without further cost.  They were genuinely interested in my pet and her health.  Highly recommended.
5	This place is the best. They do not up sell. They have affordable pet care and they are honest. I have referred all my friends and family who have been just as happy with their service and prices. Highly recommend. You won't be sorry.
5	I love my dogs a lot and am hard to please about their care. I am so grateful to have found Apollo North. Dr. Bennett is just the best. Her excellent care has given me many more years with my diabetic older dog. The front desk staff and all the techs have been so responsive and kind. I have total confidence in this practice and recommend it to everyone!
5	Dr. Patricia Bennett is hands-down, the most knowledgeable, caring and thorough veterinarian I have ever experienced!What other vet calls you personally no later than the next day to explain your pets' lab results? She patiently describes each test and explains what she is looking for.  Then she will review each result and explain what it means to my pet's health and treatment. Dr. Bennett never makes me feel like an inconvenience or an interruption in her day. She thoroughly examines my pet and explains what she is doing at all times.She always has time to answer all questions I have and even addresses those questions I did not even know I had!!Would I recommend Dr. Bennett, her staff and Apollo Animal Hospital? ABSOLUTELY!!!!  I challenge you to find a more caring doctor!!!!!!
5	We took our dog here recently to get her annual exam and heartworm medication.  As long time animal lovers we have been to more than a few vets in California and AZ.  Based on our experience we really like the staff and the service at this location.Dr. Patricia Bennett was extremely warm and helpful in examining our dog.  The staff also is very responsive to our phone calls and questions any time we needed assistance.I've had mixed experiences with other vets that see us as bags of money and offer us unnecessary services.  Here the advice is honest and straight forward.Our family and our dog are very glad to have found this place!!
5	In the early 1990's I started using Apollo Animal Hospital at their main location on 51st Ave and Peoria. I loved the staff and was very happy overall.  Then we moved out of state for a few years and when we returned to the Valley it was really a distance from our new home.  Imagine my delight when I noticed their satellite location, Apollo North, close to my new home.  By far, Dr Bennett is the most amazing vet I have ever encountered.  She researches every issue I come in with and gives me copies. I have never left with any questions regarding anything since she will take all the time you need to explain and answer all questions.  Dr Kritsberg went above and beyond when my dog dislocated his hip.  When we had to put our 20 year old cat to sleep, Dr Bennett was so kind and compassionate.  She fully explained the procedure and then left the room to give us some last moments with our Shelby.  Not only did we quickly receive her ashes, Shelby's paw impression in clay was included. If we ever move again, I will drive 100 miles to still use this facility.  The other comments on here about the no "up-sales" is so true. This facility is here for the care of your pets and the concern of the families. Nothing more, nothing less.
5	I have been bringing my pets to Apollo North for many years.  Dr. Bennet and the staff always take time with my concerns, always caring and dedicated.  Marina has always been so great with trimming nails, etc handling my pets with ease.  Dr. Kritsberg is the BEST surgeon.  I can't begin to describe the dedication and care he has given to our pets.  He ALWAYS calls after to ask how our pets are doing after a surgery...in the evening ...weekends.   He came in on his time off when our pet had to have a surgery  and we couldn't have been more grateful as our dog bounced back so quickly after another dog attacked her.  I would highly recommend Apollo North as this is one animal loving, dedicated and very knowledgeable staff.
5	I've  been coming here for the past 10 years and they continues to do a great job.
5	We couldn't be happier with the service we received from Dr. Bennett and her staff.  We had found a stray dog at work and took the little puppy in for a check up.  It was late in the day and not only did Dr. Bennett see our puppy but did so in a kind, gentle, professional manner.  We couldn't have been happier!  On top of the excellent service we received we also were not charged for our little puppies check up.  Unbelievable!  Great service all around.As if that wasn't enough about a month later we come home to a surprised package.  It was a note from Apollo North thanking us for stopping by.  But the real thank you should go to Dr. Bennett and her staff.  Not only was there a note but also a chew toy for our beautiful healthy little girl.  Apollo North went well beyond what was expected.  We are simply stunned by the amazing, caring, personal, professional treatment we received.  The staff took a personal interest in us and our puppy.Thank you!
5	Excellent Facility and staff!My dog was in a bad dog fight.They welcomed us on a busy Monday and took my dog right in.Gave her special care.I truly was impressed with the customer service.
