5	We first learned about this bookstore from a mention in the AZ Republic.  The size is very deceiving.  Lots of books with many categories represented.  Well organized!!!  And a bargain room!!!  Most of the books are in great condition and priced accordingly, i.e. the bargain room is where you'll find the .25 paperbooks.The owners are very friendly and knowledgeable.  They offer trade/sell options too.  They also like to support the local authors - Good for them!!
5	This is no Barnes & Noble or Borders, so don't expect big and flashy. It's actually kind of a "hole-in-the-wall", cramped and a little dingy stuck in the corner of a seedy little strip mall -- but crammed with books, thousands of them. But this is a really fun place to find books, new and used, at excellent prices and with the help of the two owners, Tom and Melanie, who couldn't be friendlier or more helpful. Here you can trade in your own used books for credit, which you can apply to purchases of their books, which is convenient and a good deal. The place has also become the headquarters for a number of special interest groups, which gives it a kind of clubhouse feel sometimes. Every time I've been in there I've encountered other "regulars" just hanging out and talking books with Tom and Melanie. During the past 2 weeks, I have rediscovered Craig Thomas, a Cold War thriller writer (Firefox, Firefox Down), and have greatly enjoyed his Lion's Run, now out of print. I inhaled that book, traded it in and picked up three more -- again, all out of print and unavailable except in a place like this. I strongly recommend this place to all avid readers. You'll grow to love it.
1	I love the idea of a local (it's in my neighborhood) book store. However, my experiences here have left me wanting. Overall their policies are confusing and poorly stated. I've been a customer half a dozen times and each time there is some new policy that I'm supposed to know, but was never explained to me. But beyond that, what truly makes me unhappy is their customer service. For example: today, while in, there was some confusion on how I could use my trade in monies. (They aren't a straight forward trade) When my husband and I started asking about the policy Tom (one of the owners) simply shrugged his shoulders and said we could go elsewhere. Melanie (the other owner) however, felt it was necessary to leave a customer who she was with to come over and thrust a finger at a black and white printed sign (one among many tacked to a wall above a high bookshelf)  and then walk away. Apparently, her customer service technique is not to help confused customers understand, but to alienate them while trying to sell her own novel to other customers. Honestly, if I didn't already have $27 in credit there, I probably would never be back in.
4	I found this place through a deal website, it was in an area where I used to have appointments so I thought I'd check it out since I love cheap books.  50% off of USED prices, sign me up!  The strip mall is old, but once you make your way inside there are thousands of books, and not the old crusty kind you find in some used bookstores.  I was in the mood for finance books so I browsed that section and ended up leaving with 4 very useful books in great (practically new) condition for super cheap.  One of the owners who helped me was extremely nice, a silly fatherly figure kind of friendly.  I don't live anywhere near this place and don't have appointments in the area anymore, otherwise I'd be  a regular.  It's nothing fancy, but if you're one of those people who can't pick out just ONE book, it's worth it to stop in and check out.  Cheaper books means more books to take home, which I love!
1	Unfriendly staff.  Have been in twice, both times I left unhappy.  This is supposed to be a used bok store, but the only want you to trade in books you bought new.  They refused to accept two books I purchased from them.  There are so many policies regarding what they will take and then more policies how you can use your credits.  I wont be back!!!  One star only because i can't leave "0" which is really what they deserve.
5	I just love the selection of books and trade in program.   With 4 kids, this is a great option and when they're done with the books, we can trade them back in, sure there are some minor details how the program works, but no matter how you look at it, it's great for mom's.  You can even order online, if you live too far away...with the holidays coming, I know where I'm picking up a few books and stashing a few more away for next year for the kids!
5	I found this place on accident and I am so happy I did. The outside of the store is quite deceiving, it is located in a strip mall and appears much smaller than it actually is.They have an awesome new book policy, buy the book and read it within 21 days and they will credit you the full price in trade for a used book. I'm hooked! You can also find any book online, and they will hold it for you to pick up.They store is well organized and Tom and Melanie are both friendly and helpful. They also have a great bargain section where you can find tons of ridiculously cheap books!
5	This is a fabulous used book store in an unfortunate shopping plaza which makes it easy to overlook, but certainly worth the trip!Their selection is fantastic and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  There are nooks for reading and it's easy to get lost for hours!
3	Great bookstore you can easily kill an hour or two looking around.  I love to look for old local cookbooks, they have a pretty good selection.I also got a few things from their clearance table.They'll order anything for you.
4	A great place in the city to get lost in on a rainy Sunday. Don't go here looking for a specific book, as you'll be disappointed. But definitely come here if you're just looking. A great place to find hidden gems, inspiration, and surprises.
5	Great used bookstore! Very well organized. Plus they have a comfortable reading area adorned with local art. It's in a strip mall at the very back. A little hard to see from the road.
