2	Open 24 hours.  Problem with it, you have to walk through the smoking to get to the non smoking area and it isn't separated very well.  Food is just ok, ok quantity and the staff seems tired and crankie and overworked.  Located on the first floor towards the pool.
2	A crazy night out so far and everyone is all liquored up. It's time to end the night, but not before a nice hot bowl of PHO. But wait, we are in the middle of the Vegas strip and there's no PHO restaurants nearby  - none that I'm aware of at least. So what do you settle for? I almost felt like I hit the jackpot when I saw RAMEN on this Cafe's menu. Even though in the back of my head I'm thinking "What the hell is ramen doing on the menu?" And there I was willing to try it anyway.As expected, it turned out to be a big big mistake. What was I thinking ordering Ramen at a cafe. I've had better instant ramen from 7-11. Ramen was topped off with chicken breast, some green onions and carrots. CARROTS! yes CARROTS - It's totally wrong!. Broth tasted like it came from a Campbell can. I'm giving it 2 stars because I only sampled the ramen. The SF-Club sandwich was (shrugs shoulder) so-so. Waiters look overworked. Service is veeeeeery slow. It almost seemed like they're getting paid to work slow-motion. You need to flag someone down to get a coffee refill.
3	I don't know what it is, is it the fact they serve some ridiculously good hashbrowns?  Could it be the service totally sucks but I don't care because its 24 hours and the prices are decent?  It could be, but for some reason I've remained a fan of the Pyramid Cafe through good times and bad.  Given the nature of many of Las Vegas' residents and visitors, more places should have more late night hours.  With a 24/7 joint like the Pyramid Cafe, the diner food becomes a reality but in a pyramid-themed corner of the Luxor.  Beware:  Their sandwiches are overpriced and so are the waitresses ... meaning they're being paid too much by the Luxor to deliver crap service.
1	Had breakfast here 2 days in a row by default.  I had no choice.  Well I had mroe of a liquid breakfast.  Bloody Mary (smallest glass ever!) made with their signature Luxor Bloody Mix not very lovely.  I poured half a bottle of Tabasco in it with a couple squeezes of lemon and a pinch of salt and pepper to give it some taste and the server (crazy old lady) got offeneded that I didn't praise the damn drink.  I told her that it was weak and she said, "It's because it is made so well."  I just wanted to be like, "Sweetheart I used to be a bartender in San Francisco and have experienced more Bloody Mary's from different establishments than the number of years you have lived time 3."  But I figrued she would just have asked me to leave.  So then, I ordered a Margarita.  Not lovely but of course I drank it.
4	Honestly I don't know what everyone is complaining about, the breakfast I had here last week with some of my friends was very good and the service friendly.  Sure it wasn't the quicket meal but if you want fast service in Vegas go out of the hotels.   The idea here is to keep you in the cafe while you soak in the sounds of those ever-spinning slots and people cheering/jeering along with it.  This makes you relax and enjoy your meal and that you can afford it.   I had some great blueberry pancakes with sliced bananas and fresh strawberries on top.  Very good.
2	meh.the turkey avocado sandwich on a ciabata was decent, but not eye-popping and satisfying. it did what it was supposed to do. fill me up. i ate more of the fries, though. the french onion soup is EXTREMELY salty and pretty disappointing. the best part of the soup was the melting swiss cheese. even that wasn't done correctly. it was already cold when it got to our table. there's nothing great or unique about this cafe. your basic diner food but they charge $14 for an omelette.  i honestly didn't appreciate the prices. even in NY you can find cheaper deals. the portions were good enough. like i mentioned, nothing to really impress anyone. i think i should have gone to little caesar's upstairs in the food court and only spend $2.99 on crazy bread. the service is okay. she didn't really follow any of our directions on how to split the bill or our orders.
2	Got a comped breakfast here before we left Vegas.  If I had to pay for it, I may have given it one star.  The service was SLOW.  We finally had to ask for our waitress because she was nowhere to be seen.  I had an egg white omellette and it tasted like pure butter.  It was edible, but not much more than that.   The hashbrowns were alright because there was enough crispiness to make them decent.The best part was our stellar busboy.  He kept our Diet Cokes coming all meal long.  Unless it is free, I would pass on the Pyramid.
1	After arriving to LV late night (9pm), most of the buffetts are already closed.  We just wanted someplace close to have a quick meal before getting some rest.  We should've walked further!We've already knew we're in for a bad day when we were sat right at the entrance.  We asked for something inside (it was pretty quiet in the inside), but was told it's full.  We looked at the menu and all 6 guys ordered the prime rib ($19).  I figured, what the hell since I wasn't paying for it (one of the guys hit an $1800 jackpot before we arrived and buying dinner).  I order medium cook.  When the rib arrived, it was cooked completely through making the rib tough.  service was pretty slow, except when giving the bill (They were QUICK!)Next time, I would rather eat Exalibur's Dogfood buffett than come here.  (Don't get me wrong, Exalibur's Dogfood buffett isn't cheap either.  It's running for $17!!!!.....probably McDonald would be the best option!
1	If I could give this place a 1/2 star I would. SLOW, SLOW, SLOW service. Took 20 mins just to get the waitress to come over and take our drinks. Food was so so, it was incredibly overpriced and very badly decorated. I paid $57 for 5 of us to eat really bad food with really horrible service. The Luxor should post a warning sign before you enter.
2	We actually ate here twice, lunch on Sunday and Breakfast on Monday.  Food was ok.  What loses a star is the cost.  It is overpriced for what you get -- I  guess I was thinking that being Vegas it would be more reasonable.  Granted, I was thinking Denny's prices.  The salad was good, but very basic - a lot of lettuce, chicken, lettuce ... you get the picture..  The breakfast was good.   Our server had brought out the preservatives that I wanted (Raspberry) instead of telling me that it wasn't available - so yeah for that!
1	This was an impromptu eat spot for our little "group" because Jaime did a little too much drinkey-drinkey and needed to sober up. (they've obviously never been to a DYL). Since I was with my (former) exboyfriend, I was *nervous* and happy and giddy so it didn't matter what the fuck I ordered as long as I took a couple bites to keep him happy, but it also didn't matter that I couldn't read the fucking menu because I was too drunk.I was a little loud. And by little, I mean I proclaimed to the entire restaurant that my (ex) boyfriend had a red mark on his nose from some fucking accident boohoo asshole and I put makeup on to cover it up. All the while, those dingleberrys at the table ordered some two bottles of champagne and then took my second glass away from me (or did I just drink it all?) and kept laughing at my "jokes", so it perpetuated the continuing of humiliating myself and my (asshole ex) boyfriend. Who the fuck cares?! I'M NEVER GOING TO SEE YOU AGAIN.Also, WHERE THE FUCK IS MY FOOD. OH YEAH, ITS RIGHT THERE, SITTING UNTOUCHED AFTER ONE BITE BECAUSE IT TASTES LIKE MY ASS AFTER I'VE HAD FOOD POISONING.Once again, really...I'm not bitter at ALL.
5	We had breakfast here on Monday and I thought everything was wonderful.  We didn't have to wait to be seated.  As soon as we sat down someone came over and took our drink orders.  The waitress came over shortly after and took our order, she was very pleasant.  Our food came very quickly.  We both got omelets and they were huge!  They came with a big helping of hash browns and 3 pieces of toast each.  We couldn't finish it all.  Everything was delicious.  The only bad thing I can say is the hash browns were a little too salty.  I felt the price was fair for what we received.
2	Because I stayed in Luxor, I ate here because of convenience.  I ate here 3 out of the 4 days.  For the most part, the sandwiches, soups, and salad was pretty good.  It's cafe food yanno?  However, the last day, the  drink server poured too much water in my teapot and when i barely moved it, it swished around and splashed on my leg!  It was so hot that i almost dropped the entire teapot of hot water on my leg but i managed to put it down.  I was hungover and tired and trying to eat something before I catch my flight out so I didn't complain, I just wanted an icebag so I don't blister.  Now here's the bad service part....i had to ask another waitress to find our waitress, our waitress had to call the manager, the manager had to call security.  When he finally came, i said i just needed a bag of ice.  I should've just took it up with the drink server, told her that she filled up the pot to the absolute brim, and had her get me a bag of ice from the kitchen.  oh well.
3	Had my hangover breakfast here. Everything was just fine except the scrambled eggs. . . . they were strange & fake like?? Not sure how you can screw up scrambled eggs so I am taking 2 stars off for that. Service was excellent and so were the pancakes.
4	Won $200 playing Black Jack @ Mandalay Bay...It was 2 am and since drinking a protein shake at 7 pm the only other things consumed were: 5 free Coronas, 2 cigars, and 1 Black Label on the rocks...I think it was time for some food...sadly everything was closed.  Walked into Pyramid Cafe and was seated immediately. Ordered a burger and fries. I made it only half way through my burger and already had to run to the bathroom twice for what the pros call a "reversal". Anyway came back and they accidentally cleared my table. The server quickly brought me some bread to munch on, and took a new order. I got 1.5 orders of food for the price of one, I wasn't kicked out, and the server was very nice to me the entire time and constantly checking on me to make sure I was okay.  The burger was good, the ramen I ordered I felt didn't have enough noodles and had way too much water chestnuts in it...but given how quickly everything came out and the great service...four stars.~G
3	Fast service and the grilled ham and cheese was decent too.  They charged $9 for a mimosa and $9 for a split of champagne so I ordered the split and asked for a small glass of OJ.  So basically I got two mimosa for the price of one.Whoo hoo!
3	This seems to be the place yelpers go to recover after a crazy night of drinking. For me, it was the exact opposite. This was the place we ate prior to a crazy night of drinking. I ordered the fish n chips which were quite soggy and didn't have much flavor. One of my friends ordered a bacon cheeseburger which he did not enjoy that much. I had a bite and it sure as hell tasted better than my fish n chips. Anyways, the wait staff was extremely helpful though and were constantly making sure we had everything we needed. 2stars for the food, 1 star for the prompt service.
3	Good food. Convenient if you're staying at the Luxor like we were. Everyone was happy with their food. I got the smoked salmon potato pancakes. Yum. Perfect hangover breakfast. The only thing is the restaurant is right next to all the loud ass slot machines so if you are hung over as we were, ask for a table in the back.. which we did not!
3	Convenience was what got this one 3 stars. The food was good, the prices were outrageous for anywhere else in the western hemisphere but down right cheap for Vegas, and it was convenient and open at all G*d awful hours that we were awake.
3	You get pretty much what is to be expected from a 24 hour casual restaurant (think like Dennys) in a bustling Vegas hotel. Prices weren't too terrible.... not the best.... but consider the location. Both visits we waited quite a while for service, taking orders, receiving meals (and it wasn't jam packed or anything either time). However I must say when we had breakfast there the waitress was SO accomodating and substituted toast for my eggs (hate hate hate eggs) which was really nice and honestly did not expect. It's not a place that when I go back I'm like "I NEED PYRAMID CAFE" but it serves its' purpose well.
3	So the scenario here is that I spent the last several hours at the Spearmint Rhino, came back to the hotel, won over $100 in 2 minutes at roulette, and find myself locked out of my room... and it's 6:30 am, and I need to catch a 10:30 am flight.  I could just ask for another key, try to catch an hour or two of sleep, and head out, but instead, I let my stomach do the talking, and on the way back down to the registration desk, I pass the Pyramid Cafe.I go in, and was thinking steak and eggs, but instead, go for corned beef hash.  The food was excellent, but I think that was just because I was starving, and the "Chinese" food I had at Shanghai Lilly the night before had already completely worn off.The waiter was nice and accomodating, but nothing too special.
3	I ate here twice on my recent trip to Las Vegas.  Breakfast was okay, but avoid the waffles unless you like them dry and tasteless.  Go with the pancakes.  Grilled cheese sandwich was okay -- not the best, but not a greasy mess either.  Avoid the nachos.  They were so bad the waitress had them removed from my bill.  French onion soup -- you take your life in your own hands if you eat the Durkee fried onion pieces on top.Servers are pleasant.  They are great with refilling your Pepsi-product beverages.  The cafe is clean.  You could bring a large group here and no one would mind.  Its a good pit stop for a snack, not a gormet meal.
3	The food's not bad and the selection is great. The real convenience is that they're 24/7 and they serve breakfast all hours. Worth going to for a cheap meal in an otherwise expensive place.
3	Pretty good, quick and fairly cheap by Vegas standards.I can't really say anything bad about this place.  Lots of choices on the menu and tastes good too.  Far superior to places that purport to be classier and are located in higher end spots  (e.g., Red, White and Blue at Mandalay Bay).
3	We had breakfast here because it was free as a part of hotel credit we received for staying there.  The service was very fast.  The breakfast was the same quality as any local Denny's.  Although the food was typical, the service was excellent.
2	Ever stay at the Luxor? Well, sometimes it's hard to find decent food close by. I recommend Pyramid for breakfast, their portions are huge, the prices are kind of expensive, and it's not that good. Decent, yes, and definitely try the oatmeal. Service sucks, waitresses are grouchy although one of the waiters was very sweet.The food is okay. Just feels like I'm eating at Denny's and paying twice as much. I'd never come here for dinner. They open pretty late though.
3	Of all the restaurants we went to this one was the least appealing. The service was nice, but something was lacking...i can't quite put my finger on it though. I like Denny's and the workers just seemed one level below there.The prices were low and food was really tasty, but nothing over the top fabulous. I also had one Mojito which was also very tasty and had a stick of sugar cane in it to chew on, yum! That was the icing on the cake.
2	I don't care how you dress this place up, its still a fake Denny's. I know a Denny's when im in a Denny's and this is a damn Denny's called the Pyramid Cafe at the Luxor.Stop Lying Vegas! Stop Lying!
2	This place is a little pricey considering the food isn't that great and the service can be slow.  Wife said the coffee tasted like motor oil with cream and sugar.   Can't be completely down on it since it's one of the "cheaper" places to eat in the hotel, but it's really no cheaper than ordering room service.    At least with room service you'd get to lay on your butt and wait instead of having to stand there waiting to be seated.
4	Coffee here was good, the Eggs Benedict was actually pretty good, and my wife had a corned beef sandwich on rye, and the service was pretty good - not too pushy, not inattentive.  Moral of the story for us, after visiting is: the better hotels have a better breakfast spot.  Nothing spectacular, but if I were to stay in the Luxor, I would definitely hit  this place up and not really bother to venture out when I could get something pretty good for a reasonable price in a pinch.
2	I had a major issue with this place. Sure, it is Vegas and sure people get drunk, however it was 9:00 and hearing people yelling across the restaurant isn't a good thing. I asked for the manager and she gave us an attitude when I said that they need to do something about it. She said they aren't drunk (though the table was filled with empty bottles of beer and other alcohol containers. The menu is just ok and the prices are HIGH for what you get. The manager finally started getting more complaints about the obnoxious drunks and she comped us two drinks so that was cool, but I doubt I will go back here.
3	i nom nom nommed at the pyramid cafe because of it's convenience, open 24 hours. few things are "cheap" in vegas but the cheeseburger was a good value for it's price. i got it with fries and having not eatens for almost a whole days, i still couldn't nom nom nom the whole burgers or fries. i got it to goes and they packed it with all sorts of condiments. i had enough leftovers from that nights to last me the next day but then again, i are a small cat. i was satisfied with the portions and the way it was prepared (grilled buns, nicely melted cheese, evenly cooked fries) and overall, it was a good, simple staple meal but not amazing. i would orders it again if i was cravings it though.
2	We had a 25 dollar coupon we had to use at the Luxor, so before we drove back to LA on Sunday we had brunch at this cafe. The food was about what you'd expect at a place like this and it was perfectly edible, but the prices were outrageous... I know it's Vegas, and I adjust my views accordingly. It also had poor service. This wasn't our extremely harried waiter's fault -- he apparently had 16 tables to cover in the morning rush. This shouldn't have been a surprise onslaught. After checkout time, of course there's going to be a rush. But they had far too few waiters, and they had a long line form at the hostess table despite having a third of the restaurant empty.Skip this place. Either just get a bagel at starbucks on your way out or stop somewhere on the road. Unless you're in our situation with a coupon, there's really no reason to go here.
3	Filet and eggs were the way to go. The meal was inexpensive (for Vegas) and flavorful. The toast was awesome and while the waitress seemed overwhelmed, she was friendly and attentive.  The food came quick and the place was clean.  Definitely worth a visit if you are in the casino.
3	I ate here twice while in Las Vegas for a conference. Service was fine both times.  Ambiance is not great, but it is a simple cafe next to the casino floor.  Prices were reasonable.Reuben sandwich was tasty.  Western omelette was fine.Predictable food at an OK price...
4	My husband and I were so buffeted out when we wandered in here, that probably anything would have tasted good. We ordered burgers, me with red wine caramelized onions and bleu cheese and him some sort of pepper jack jalapeno thing. We both got onion rings. Those had to be some of the best burgers we'd ever had. Maybe it was because of all the buffet food, I don't know, but I know, now that I'm home that I'm craving that burger again.Nice waitress, crappy lemonade, and no lines! I'd go again for that burger alone!
4	My husband and I were pretty hungry when we got to the Luxor and we were pleasantly surprised that there were available tables in this Cafe Restaurant.  I had the BEST chicken pot pie I've ever eaten at a restaurant!!!  It was a simple, tasty pot pie with lots of chicken and vegetables and a light crust.   The service was excellent.
2	Fairly unimpressive spot.They offer the typical breakfast items you'd expect, but nothing that was fantastic or memorable.  Nothing on the menu actually looked very good so I just ordered a salad - that was fine.I sampled a few dishes from friends' plates and nothing was very good:-tough scrambled eggs-dry bread-overcooked omeletsI would not go back unless forced to.
3	This is a decent hotel casino cafe in Vegas. We stopped here for a brunch after waking up late our first day here after a late night =P I got the San Francisco Club - nothing too surprising, which is definitely a good thing when you get something as standard as a club sandwich. They went a bit overboard with the mayo, but otherwise okay.Not the greatest, but not the worst... a-ok.
3	This is a decent place to eat late at night and the price was good for cafe.   I had the american breakfast with eggs, hash brown and ham.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by this unassuming cafe inside Luxor.  I met up with a friend who was in town and staying at the hotel.  We weren't sure where to grab a bite, but didn't want to wander aimlessly.  How about here?  Ok.The menu at Pyramid Cafe is your standard cafe fare.  Burger, omelette, fries basically a Denny's under a different name.  However, once I got my omelette, I must say it was much better than expected.  Still just an omelette but not a greasy mess that you might find at any other mid-rate resort hotel on or off the strip.  Prices are reasonable.  Not too loud and basically a good spot to rendezvous to start the day if you or a friend is staying at Luxor.
1	This has got to be the worse place I've ever experienced in Vegas.While walking around on our last day, a friend and I dropped in here for a late lunch at about 2pm. Just cause we wanted to eat some where relaxing and quiet. We got seated in a waiter's section that I guess was almost ready to leave and we were his last table.  When he finally came to take our order, it was the last we saw of him.  I had a coffee and a hamburger with onion rings.  After 15 minutes, our waiter had morphed into a waitress from another section who said our meals were coming right up as she ran by.  My coffee was empty so when she ran by, I asked for more and she yelled to another guy to come fill it.  He did...with coffee that was between luke warm and warm. After about 25 minutes after ordering our new waitress showed up with the food, slapped the plates down and took off before I could ask for mustard.  When I finally got the hostess' attention and asked for it, she delivered it to the the table next to us where they were just getting up to leave.My onion rings were soggy and greasy. The onion and the lettuce on the burger was dried out as was the pickle on the plate. All was set aside on my plate never to be touched.  The hamburger itself was ok tasting and my friends NY steak and eggs was good too.  My coffee cost more than I pay for at Starbucks for a grande cafe mocha.We only saw our waitress one more time after that and it was a drive by to tell us everything was ok instead of asking us if everything was ok.  Yeah...Our tip reflected the service we got.  Though I thought we were overly nice to give her enough to be able to play 3 times on a quarter machine.
4	Stayed at the luxor and ate at this cafe three times the food was perfect way better than what you would expect and you have to try the monte cristo!
3	There are not a lot of options for food at 4am at this end of the strip.  I was worried we would have to wait forever for our food and the service would be horrible.  To my surprise the server was friendly and pretty good.  The food was ok and it came out pretty quickly.  I ordered chicken strips and fries so it was not too complicated.I would not normally eat here, but for late night food it is just fine.
3	The Pyramid Cafe is your typical 24 hour cafe inside the Luxor.  You can find breakfast, lunch, and dinner items throughout the day or night here.  Most of the food is consistent and the service is also good.  IMHO this isn't the best place to grab a bite inside the Luxor, however, if your short on time and can't get in line at the Deli; the cafe is for you.
3	We were looking for a place to eat. (we were starving...big time and trying to pass time before the Criss Angel show (i will write a review about the show later...i have a lot to say.)  So we ended up at the Pyramid Cafe.  Located in the Luxor.  It was during happy hour so we did the happy hour menu.  We ended up getting chicken wings (nothing spectacular), steak and vegetable (nothing spectacular) , and some dip.  I can't remember exactly what it was.  I guess it proves to show that this place was... "A-OK."  It did fill me up and I was ready for the show.  Service was so-so.  The waitress was nice but it took a while for the food to come.  It's ok.  I'll probably go there again if I have too.
2	I can only assume that the awfulness and douchebaggery of the Chris Angel show is rubbing off on this place. Like an airborne virus or something. Awfulness: a fifteen dollar burger that just wasn't tasty. I thought that bacon, onions, cheddar, and BBQ sauce would automatically make this thing great. Not so. The fries were mushy. The pickle was good though. The partner in crime liked her panini, but since she's not writing this, her opinion doesn't count. Douchebaggery: Walk in and tell the hostess we want a to go order. She says that's what the servers are for and to grab a seat. Whatevs. 15 mins later, our order gets taken. Another 15 mins later and we have our food. Thank god for those big, stupid plastic drink thingies to keep me company. 30 minutes and $35 later, I am totally underwhelmed. Disclaimer: I did not see the Chris Angel show, however, when it ran on TLC it was full of awfulness and douchebaggery, so I just assumed.
4	WhAt DiD YoU CaLL ThAt?Roaming around... looking for a good place to sit down and enjoy a nice breakfast... my friends, husband and I stopped in here. Walking in seems like an ordinary dine-in restaurant (in a hotel), yet in VEGAS everything is most of the time known to be: outrageous, CrAzY expensive and extremely packed with decor. Well... not here, just waiting in line you notice a lot of different verities of cakes in a Look-See Glass from both ways.So, as we were seated (waiting around 5-10 minutes at max) GREAT TIMING... I was browsing the menu, which I came upon a unique omelet Ive never seen else were. CHILI CHEESE OMELET for BREAKFAST?!? Yup, as crazy as I may seem (EARLY IN THE MORNING) I choose that as a start off of a GREAT DAY AHEAD OF ME. Honestly, I could have counted to 200 and been notified that my food was ready.Eating my CHILI CHEESE OMELET... it was FANTASTIC! It was made of egg (your normal egg omelet) which had green peppers inside and full of chili. DELICIOUS!I highly recommend everyone to stop by and ask for the Chili Cheese Omelet early in the morning.B+4 STARS
4	Great to have a 24 hour cafe to go to in Vegas... Staff was very friendly and attentive. I wanted something basic, just a ham and cheese sandwich but couldn't find it on the menu. The waitress tells me they do offer it and would place my order right away. So nice of her!!! Anyone else could have just ignored my and wait until I ordered from what was being ordered at that time in the menu. Not only did I get my sandwich but it was really good and portion made for two, and not expensive. Two "nights" later, we were there again. Another friendly waiter, this time my friend and I shared a burger - he even split it for us, and we each got our share of fries. Yes good food is obviously important, and they do have it, but good service is also a must to make us "fans".
4	This is the third time I've eaten at a 24 hour cafe in a Strip property in the last two weeks. This time, we ate here after going to the Barenaked Ladies concert at the Mandalay Bay Beach. Initially, we were going to do the Red White & Blue in Mandalay Bay, but I almost passed out at the prices and lack of veggie options. Having visited Pyramid Cafe once before when I first moved to Las Vegas, we decided to make the trek to the Luxor. Scanning the menu I was bombarded with options for vegetarians, from breakfast to entrees to apps, I had a lot of choices and wouldn't have to ask for a lot of substitutions. I ordered the nachos (holy crap it was a huge plate filled to the brim with beans, pico de gallo, cheese, sour cream and guacamole), everyone else at the table had breakfast, and we shared onion rings. There would have been no way I could have finished the nachos. What I liked best about them is that the PC uses real cheese. I've had fake cheese on nachos plenty of times at other cafes, but there was at least two types of shredded cheese used to make this plate. After having mediocre experiences at other cafe's, I will definitely hit this one up again...
3	When you go into a 24 hour cafe in Vegas you will definitely expect the worst. I know I sure was when I came in here. The pyramid cafe will surprise you, I actually got what i thought was a pretty good french dip sandwich and I was not under the influence one bit!The chicken pot pie was pretty terrible here, but my buddy should have known better then to order that I guess. Stick to the bar food type stuff here and you will do fine.
4	The atmosphere isn't great.. but it's a 24 hour cafe, I wasn't expecting much. The wait staff was like being at a Denny's or Shari's... sweet older ladies [when we went at least]. I didn't see much that looked appealing, and split the Margherita pizza with my mother in law... AMAZING! who would have thought it!! Was perfect size to split, and then just added a side salad [the vinaigrette dressing was pretty disgusting however]. My husband had a burger and wasn't overly impressed. That pizza though... I'll tell ya, cheap.. decent size and the service was quick even though they were busy!!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this cafe. I went for breakfast and didn't have any high hopes. Thought it would be another buffet style. This was probably one of the first meals where I actually felt satisfied by the taste and money I was spending. Typical Vegas prices $10-15 meals. We both had omelets and the hash browns were great, so textured. Danny was our server and he was very nice and attentive.
2	This place is located in the Luxor near the casino area and close to the Oasis pool. Service:Not the greatest service here. They don't really smile at you or really acknowledge your there. All a sudden they just go "come with me".Food:Not the greatest food either. It's not disgusting, but it's not anything special either. Cinnamon Roll with Apples - It was okay, tasted like the ones you can get from the store. Waffle with fruit - Not that great. It tasted bland and like this made it with water down batter.Meatball sliders - Better than other things I have tried. In my opinion there was too much meat and too little bread. The sauce was good though. Chicken wings (mild) - Pretty good. It is serviced with ranch dressing which is probably why it tasted good. You can chose from mild, medium, or hot. But overall, I think this was the best thing from the list we ordered. I wouldn't recommend this place, unless...1. You are too lazy to to leave Luxor2. Want something to eat and it's 2am-6am.
2	I really wasn't in the mood for a buffet so I walked right past the one in the Excalibur on my way to see what Luxor had in the way of a coffee shop.  I wanted food cooked to order for me.  My food came out really fast.  I would be real surprised if any of it did not come from a warming tray.  The eggs were watery, the corned beef hash was dried out, I could only deal with part of the potatoes, the toast served wrapped in a basket was too cold even when it first got there to melt the butter.  The orange juice was really good and the decaf was ok.  The service was good and friendly.  The chairs were comfortable to lounge back in but not very comfortable to sit up to the table in.Overall I was not really impressed paying $5 more plus tip for the same quality of food I could have gotten from the buffet.
3	Steak n eggs does the trick when not much else is open...especially for only $4 more than pretty much the same meal w/o a steak
5	I eat here all the time. The food is great sober or drunk. I must've had them all. The Ruben Burger was really big and cooked to my request, medium. The caramelized onions went well with the Burger. I've also had the spaghetti and meatballs. The Bomb!!! The deep fried shrimp was perfect for the price. I remember killing a nice a sirloin steak at the Pyramid when The Tender Steakhouse was closed. I'd rather eat here over Mickey D's, Nathan's, or Little Cesar's Pizza up stairs in the Atrium. Oh, morning breakfast I always have egg whites and toast. Dollar per egg does the job right.
2	After driving to Vegas was hungry at 1am so we decided to eat here since open 24 hours.Service was rather slow and people that sat after us was helped before us.  Only after I flagged down a manager and asked did someone come to take our drink orders and then our server came to take our order.I had the Corned Beef Reuben sandwich which was not that good but I ate it cause I was starving.  Its Vegas and there are PLENTY of other places that have much better Reuben sandwiches.
4	This place is always good for late night / early morning food that hits the spot!  After unsuccessfully searching around Bally's Casino area for a good eatery at 11:00pm, we decided to catch a quick cab to the Pyramid Cafe.  I have visited Pyramid Cafe close to 8 times; it has yet to disappoint.  Sure the waitstaff at midnight are not the most alert, but the food is worth the short wait...and even a long wait if it's crazy busy.  I always get the Magherita Pizza.  It's killer.  ONE time it was odd tasting - I'll chalk that up to a new chef in the kitchen not knowing the secrets of superb pizza.  Okay, maybe "superb pizza" is exaggerating it a bit.  Let's put it this way; after drinking all day long and realizing it is midnight and you haven't had anything to eat, this pizza is the BOMB!  It's even good on a sober stomach as well.  The crust has just the right amount of crunch.  The sauce is light and sweet.  The basil strips sprinkled on top really make the pizza.  And the tomatoes are sliced to perfection - nice and thin.  Seriously, I love this pizza.  I was even awesome as leftovers the next morning.My husband had the steak and eggs.  He's a meat and potatoes kinda guy.  And he was in love with his food while it lasted.  In fact, I got a little jealous.  I was being ignored whilst he was devouring the carnage of the steak and eggs.  Perfectly cooked steak, hashbrowns, and over medium eggs - according to him.  I'll have to take his word on it as I am not a meat and potatoes kinda gal.Go here when it's late and you're hungry.  You'll be full and smiling in no time.
3	We grab brunch here as we we head out for our flight.  The ambiance is of a diner...with Egyptian hieroglyphics and stuff.  Luxor really need to make up its mind, is it modern and sleek? or Egyptian and kitschy?I had the chicken pot pie and thought it wasn't bad.  The crust was flaky and the chicken and vegetables were nicely cooked.  I got full half way through but ended up devouring the whole thing.  The complimentary bread and the corn (?) bread that came with the pie were both no go.  Barely touched either.Come here if u need to grab a quick bite or for convenience.  And with this being Vegas, prepare to pay a couple extra bucks even for a simple quick meal.
2	Along one end of the Luxor in the center casino area is the Pyramid Cafe. It's mostly a small area raised a few feet off the pyramid floor. There aren't really walls, so it does give you a view of weary, ragged-around-the-edges folks mindlessly working the slots at 3 am.There's a fairly broad menu ranging from burgers to 24 hour breakfast. Out of sheer convenience, I ate here twice; once a breakfast type meal and the other dinner. Although different foods, the experience was similar.Both times service was pretty slow, even when the place was only partly full and the number of patrons barely outnumbered the servers. Breakfast came with a nice helping of ham but runny eggs and wilted hash browns. A burger for dinner was okay; I rather liked the fries that came with it, but it was a pretty small helping. Prices had the expected resort markup.I give two stars here, not that it's a particularly bad place, but it just seems to do everything a little below average. There's nothing egregious here and I'd eat here again in the right circumstances, but everything is sort of a C-/D+ level. I'd say that this is best for a basic meal if you're in the Luxor area or for a 4 am chowdown after a night on the town.
3	The only joint to eat 24 hrs at the Luxor. Breakfast chefs are on it. Expect to eat like you are at Dennys and you won't be disappointed.
5	We have dined here many times during our stays at both Mandalay Bay & Luxor.  Our go to favorite is the nachos.  Great service each time. Large portions.  Great cheescake.
2	Headline: Slow and average....I'm staying at the Luxor Hotel this week, attending a conference next door at the Mandalay Bay.  So I need breakfast.  The Pyramid Cafe is the Luxors 24x7 restaurant, located on the ground floor ideally situated so you have to walk through the casino to get to it.  At 6am, I expect the restaurant to be quiet.  However, they conspired to make it busy by opening up only the patio.  As a result, there was a 20 minute wait for a table.  There are no "grab a pager and go gamble a little more" - you get to wait in line.  Since it was a patio, the noise of the casino flooded in, making it loud.  You could hold a conversation, but you wouldn't be able to whisper trade secrets (or sweet nothings) here.The patio has your basic patio furniture for tables around the center and booths around the edges.  No frills - just your basics.  My waitress - Stephanie - was bright and cheery, not pushy, and there when I needed her.  Just what you need at that time in the morning, so five stars for excellent service.I ordered the coffee, which was tending towards the milder side - no starbucks bitterness here.  This was smooth.  I also ordered the corn beef hash and eggs - the corned beef was described as "home-made"... if by home-made, they mean they got it out of a can, then I agree with them.  However, that isn't my definition of home-made.  The corn-beef hash was that very common type with small pearl-sized potatoes.  The first batch came out cold.  And I mean refrigerator cold.  Not even warm.  So, of course, I sent it back.  I didn't even try the eggs.  Stephanie came back quickly apologetic with a piping hot plate.  The eggs on this plate were also done as I like them, and the hash browns were your typical shredded potatoe variety with nothing to dress them up.So this was sort of disappointing.  Five star service with One star food, makes it a two-star place in my book.  This is not a place I will be returning to.
3	Good Cafe inside the Luxor. Shared a Reuben Sandwich with fries and a cup of clam chowder.We finished it all if that says anything more.There's a discount coupon in your welcome package if you're staying in the hotel.
5	All I had were their nachos, and they were the BEST. Huge portion too! My ex and I loved em! Gotta get back here. Sure you'll wanna eat somewhere else...but if you're drunk and hungry and at the Luxor, get these Chicken Nachos!
4	A good restaurants. In the luxor.
3	Friendly (enough) service.For some reason, Vegas seems to lack in friendly service in general, but I digress.HUGE omelet. And toasts were really toasted to perfection! Just brown and crunch enough :D Love that! Rye went lovely with my Western omelet.Good coffee.= Good breakfast
2	I met my Aunt at the Pyramid Cafe for lunch when I was in town visiting and we each got the breakfast combo - two eggs, bacon, homefries and silver dollar pancakes.The breakfast was alright, though the pancakes were really weak - they were thin and tasteless. If you have time, I'd recommend going to another hotel to grab some quality food.
4	Excellent 24 hour cafe. Their pizza is quite good, and their affordable breakfast hit the spot too. Nothing out of this world, but definitely one of the best 24 hour hotel spots I've experienced in Vegas. Given that a good meal in this town is often needed at 4AM and this place can deliver it, I've gotta provide an extra star.
5	The food was GREAT! the staff was GREAT!... and i had the BEST balsamic vinaigrette I've ever had... I had the personal pizza too, but it was too big to finish. I'll definitely come back again!
2	I say I am done with this place every year but this time I mean it. 1. They have the worlds oldest staff, I am cool with this as long as they can still do their job, Jill cannot. 2. We order something that shouldn't be very hot, she drops the plate off and you wouldn't expect this plate to give you a burn bad enough for a blister, no warning and my son was burned. 3. I had to ask another waitress for items, she was great I handed her a tip also. 4. Food isn't all that great, this place just works at 2am for food... I dunno, I have been coming here for years, I just don't feel it anymore.
3	I went there with my two young girls. We had the spaghetti & meatballs and the pizza.  Both dishes were OK, nothing to write home about, but the quality and taste you can expect from your typical family restaurant across the country.  Prices were a bit high in general, but moderate for Las Vegas.  Portions were quite generous.  Service was quite good.  In all, I wouldn't rush back but I wouldn't avoid it either.Full review at http://www.marga.org/foodblog/2011/08/pyramid-cafe-luxor-hotel-las-vegas-review/
3	We stayed at the Luxor for almost a week, and only ate here our last night! It was about 2 o'clock in the morning and there was a mix of people getting a late meal after checking in to the hotel and a few clubbers coming from LAX & Cathouse. Then there was us - my BF wanted to pull an all nighter and thought that getting something to eat would refuel us (and the 2 Monster energy drinks he bought earlier) - but it just wasn't going to happen! I ordered the 3 Egg Denver Omelet and my BF ordered the following: their bacon, eggs, and rice (he wanted asian style sticky rice, but they only serve a rice pilaf); short stack, a side order of toast, and an extra side of bacon. I don't know who would want to stay up after eating all that! The food was good and that 3 egg omelet was too much - 2 eggs would've been good! My BF really enjoyed his meal(s), but I don't think he ate all of it... Service was slow - but our food came out in a timely manner, just waiting for our waitress to come around to take our order took about 10 minutes. The bathroom is separate from the restaurant - but the walk wasn't too far. If I had to choose between Pyramid Cafe and any of the late night eateries in the Luxor (McDonald's, Nathan's) - I would go to Pyramid Cafe, but if other places were open - I would go there first!
4	We got $35 worth of comp so we took ourselves to Pyramid Cafe for lunch on our last day at the Luxor.  The wait was a bit long, the hosts didn't seem to have it together.  We were seated in the back and had a great waitress.  We split the nachos to start.  The order was way too large to finish.  They do put cold chopped tomatoes on top though with makes the nachos cold as a whole.My boyfriend got the burger, so large he didn't even touch his fries.I got the Monte Cristo sandwich.  OMG. Soo good with that sprinkle of powdered sugar and strawberry preserves to dip in.  Got it with potato salad instead of fries. p.s. I should have gotten the fries instead.
2	Meh. That's all I can really say to describe this place.My husband and I stayed in the Luxor over Labor day weekend and we decided to try out the Pyramid Cafe for breakfast. The coffee was decent. I got the belgian waffle with berries - it wasn't very warm or crispy. The price was okay for vegas though.
4	went for a late breakfast/brunch while we were staying at the luxor.  prices were reasonable, food was pretty good.  i had the corn beef hash and eggs, portion was good size, taste was good too.  a couple friends got pizzas which took a little longer to come, but still tasted good.  but the food seemed to be a really good meal to eat after drinking, gambling, and partying all night.  if you are down by luxor, i would recommend it for a place to stop by and try if you are hungry
3	Definitely a cute Cafe. It's in the middle of the Luxor, so once you find it, not a bad deal. The prices are reasonable, but the food was sort of hit or miss. We had the French onion soup, which was very tasty and not too salty. Nice broth, soft, flavorful onions, and just the right amount of gooey Swiss cheese. The pizza was average. We got  pepperoni and it was quite greasy. I can deal with it as I love any pizza, but I have to admit, probably not the best I've had by a long shot.The service was wonderful, as they were attentive, kind and ready to explain the menu. If you want a quick bite while staying at the Luxor, this may be a serviceable option.
1	I stayed at Luxor just for a girls weekend trip and of course we ended up at Pyramid Cafe after a long night out. The food was awful, I would rather have eaten a top ramen in my room. The pancakes were so tough and chewy and the bacon was bland...how does that happen??? If I ever stay at Luxor again, I'm bringing in snacks for late nights or going to the Denny's down the street.
4	Great breakfast.  Love their omelets and standard breakfast fare.  Oatmeal brulee was wonderful.  Our favorite remains the cinnamon roll French toast.  Lines get long around 9 a.m.  Our service was great both times this trip.
2	The food was good, but the service SUX.  We went with a 5.00 off a 40.00 check.  The bill came to 38.00, so I said " lets take a piece of cake to go, since its basically free with the coupon.  I asked for one kind of cake, I ended up with a totally different kind.  It took about 20 min to get the cake.  Ridiculous.  The food was decent though, my partner and I shared a salad( overpriced at 7,00) and a chicken pot pie( huge and a decent deal at 12.99).  The pie was loaded with chunks of white chicken in a creamy sauce.  Pastry was good.  The corn muffin it came with was so freaking dry.  I asked for some bread instead.  My partners dad had a club and it was large with plenty of fries.  He enjoyed that.  Oh, I wanted to take something "to go" from here.  I called while I was in my room and was told I'd have to wait on line to be seated and then order from a waitress and then I could take it to go.  Whats the point in that?
2	You know, the food for the most part wasn't bad.We went there for breakfast this morning. I had the eggs Benedict, which was really good. The 'crumpets' weren't your standard english muffin, which was nice. The hashbrowns weren't crunchy enough, but still decent.The Husband got pancakes and a side order of sausage. The pancakes were great. The sausage, however, was disgusting. Really soft and soggy with a gross flavor. And now said Husband is sick and bed-ridden on our honeymoon, and that sausage is the suspected culprit. Needless to say, we won't be back.
3	It was a choice between Pyramid Cafe and Backstage Deli.  Since the deli had a line, we went with the Cafe.  It wasn't super crowded and my group wasn't really going to eat too much considering we planned on buffet-ing later in the day.  I wanted to get a small sandwich or something but the average entree price was over $12 with the exception of the soup and salad was $9.  The soup was good but the salad I got was miniscule.  I also got a half pound of dressing to go with my miniscule salad so that was quite comical.  Thank goodness my friend at the table used up the ranch with his fries.  If I had to choose again, I would've went with the deli as I didn't need to pay them a tip.  The night of the Rock and Roll Marathon, the line to get in there was HUGE since it was probably the only place that still was serving food past 10pm!  Not many options to choose from here since LV Blvd was still closed off past 11pm.Not likely I'll be back here unless it was super way late in the middle of the night.
3	This place is almost like Dennys, but it is seats way more people. I had the All-American Breakfast with ham and portion sizes are incredible. The ham is HUGE, too large to my liking as it was too dry. The fried potatoes were a little burnt. I had my eggs scrambled, okay but nothing special. I would have given Pyramid Cafe 2 stars for the food, but the service was quite exceptional so I gave them 3 stars.
3	Sitting alone with a pyramid of creamers (27 of em, I counted), without a crowd, without a buffet line-up, I experienced fair prices in peace, with lovely and attentive service.Toast is served in a basket, a glass of water large enough and fit for a King; and good, strong coffee (priced too high, a flippin $3.50 - I could so lose that kind of dinero in a slot machine!).The menu has a nice amount of selections, and a great alternative to the buffet.
4	The Pyramid Cafe is located in the Luxor on the outside of the casino area. We stopped our first day to grab some lunch. They had a pretty good selection of sandwiches to choose from. The Reuben was very big and delicious. I couldn't even finish the entire sandwich because they filled it with so much meat and sauerkraut. Most of the rest of my party had burgers and thought they were good as well. We also stopped here the day before we left for a breakfast since everyone was sick of Mcdonalds. I got the All-American with bacon, hash browns, and toast. The eggs were cooked great as were the hash browns and toast but the bacon was so incredibly  overdone that I couldn't even try them. Again they had a good selection of breakfast options to choose from. Two of the other people I dined with got the pancakes and french toast which they enjoyed. Service is really slow and it seems like the waiters forget about you after awhile. To me that would be the one thing that could improved greatly. Other then that this is a great spot for breakfast and lunch.
4	Monte Cristo with fresh strawberry jam on the side and a boat-sized portion of fresh mashed potatoes and gravy. FANTABULOUS!Surprisingly quiet considering the proximity to the noisy slots and people.  Waiters and waitresses were very nice. =]
3	Better than expected.  We were originally going to eat upstairs in Nathan's. Due to the food court refurbishment in progress, Nathan's is temporary closed. Up for a convenient meal that was not going to cost a fortune, we tried the Pyramid Cafe.  I expected mediocre food with sketchy service. On the contrary, the Pyramid Cafe classic cheeseburger was thick and juicy. The fries were tasty. The waitress was on top of beverage refills.   Although the Pyramid Cafe exceeded my expectations, I am still not a fan. A major reason is that I could get better value at off strip casino cafes. Or Denny's. I did not see salad or soup offered with the entres. For a Strip casino cafe, the prices are not outrageous. It is my understanding that the Pyramid Cafe is the least expensive casino cafe on the South Strip [south of Paris]. Fries are included in the price of the sandwich.    Pyramid Cafe is a good casino cafe that exceeded my expectations. Knowing that there are better casino cafe values in Las Vegas, I am not a fan.
4	I always feel like places like this will be disapointing with entrees that sound good but dont deliver for the price or compared to surrounding restaurants, i did not get dispointed here. This place is pretty kick ass for a hotel restaurant. Had steak, nachos, ortega burger, and a few different sides. All of them were way better than expected and it's open 24 hours although they have a limited menu for late night.
5	IT WAS SOOOOO GOOODDD! PEOPLE WHO SAID IT WAS BAD ARE TROLLS. The buffets at Le Village in Paris and the buffet at Caesar Palace are nothing compared to this! Must try their steak and egg breakfast. It was A-MAZING!
5	First time here. We found the place a good place for a quick meal. Place is well staffed with plenty of seats. We were there on Sunday at mid morning and although busy, there was not more than a few minutes wait. Service was excellent from everyone. Orders taken quickly, coffee and waters kept filled, and all our orders came out together and in a timely manner. Menu selection was excellent, breakfast is served all day. Prices are reasonable for a strip location. We all liked our food. We would return.
3	Luxor's late night greasy spoon. Well, that is when I frequented this spot as a guest of the Luxor during times I was too lazy (and drunk) to go any place else for late night eats.It's good for what it is. The servers make sure your drink is full and you get your food within a reasonable time.I had the burger with the blue cheese on one late night. It was good, yet forgettable.Another day later, I came here for lunch and had their spaghetti with meatballs. For the price and location, this place serves up some great traditional Americana spaghetti and meatballs. I liked it a lot.
4	The Pyramid Cafe should be considered an alternative for guests looking for something more than the meager offerings of the food court and Starbucks.Located on the casino level of the Luxor, the menu offers breakfast, lunch, and dinner fares, for which I'm sure most will find something to their liking.  Although not extensive, the menu does have appetizers, sandwiches, salads, and desserts as well.On this most recent visit, my cousins and I were looking more for snack versus an actual meal.  Altogether we ordered the classic caesar salad, quesadillas, onion rings, and buffalo hot wings.   All items were satisfactory and our hunger pains soon went the way of all the money I fed into the slot machines........gone and away.SERVICE:  Quite good actually.  The server that helped us was an older female, but she had a very positive and enthusiastic attitude.  I appreciated the fact that she apologized for the lateness of our food because of a delay in the kitchen.  She also provided drink refills in a timely manner and checked up on us frequently to see how we were doing.Bottom Line:  As a guest of the Luxor, I would recommend the convenience of the Pyramid Cafe.
3	The food here always hits the spot. The steak and eggs are good. The steak is always juicy and the hash browns and eggs are always good. They serve fresh squeezed Orange juice. The oatmeal and waffles are also good. Their burgers are okay, I've had better. Their menu is quite small and it's a bit expensive. I would like to give it a higher rating but they seem to under staff the place. You have to wait to be seated and half the place is empty. Then when you're seated the service is a toss up but most likely a bit slow. The food is good so I will continue to come here on Vegas trips.
2	Definitely not a must stop, but if you're hungry and its after 2am, you really dont have any other choices. The place is open 24hrs and is very busy late night as all the drunks leave the Vegas night clubs. Service is slow at best (took 15 mins and me asking 2 different people before I finally got a glass of water). The food is not very good and patrons & staff seem to have a combative relationship. I suggest hitting up the upstairs food court or the Backstage Deli if its still open.
1	We stayed at The Luxor (mistake #1) and found this place to be the only restaurant in the hotel to get some eggs and bacon (to order) to clear up the hangover.  We went twice while we were in Vegas.  Here's why it sucked:1)  The line is so so long even though more than half the tables were completely open.  They just refused to sit us.2)  The service is TERRIBLE.  When I asked for waters the waitress rolled her eyes at me and disappeared for ten minutes.3)  Poached eggs came in a small dish on the side, swimming in water.  While blotting the eggs on a napkin, my yolk broke.  That just sucks.4)  We ordered turkey sausage and they brought greasy pork sausage.  When I pointed that out, the waitress told me we were wrong and that it was obviously turkey.  No. Pork.5)  Underseasoned and bland hash browns.  What's good:1)  Uhm... bacon.  Bacon is always good.For what this place charges and for it being the only real breakfast spot in the hotel, I wished for a lot more.  Thankfully, I'll never step foot into the Luxor again after our experience which means I'll never have to eat at the Pyramid Cafe again.
2	This place is pretty average.  It's a decent option if you find yourself wandering around Luxor on the verge of starvation, but definitely not a place that you should seek out for any legitimate reason.  I had the fish and chips, which were quite greasy but not terrible.  The GF had the Monte Cristo, which was apparently inedible.  I can't say that that I was expecting much, so I wasn't disappointed.
3	Good sandwiches & good food overall if you're staying at the Luxor.    Nothing fancy, but a good deal if you get the free $35 voucher at checkin.
3	My friends and I stayed at the Luxor. We were looking for a place to eat for breakfast, so we went to the Pyramid Cafe. I ordered a cheese omelette and hash brown which was to my surprise, good. During the course of our stay, we ate here two other times, twice for breakfast and once for a late night snack.  The food was very decent for the location and spot.  I would consider eating here again for breakfast.
2	This cafe was hardly full at 4 am, but somehow we ended up waiting like an hour for our food. When we got our food, half the orders were incorrect and when they did correct them, they sucked. I know when you are drunk and partying all night, you should be able to eat anything, but this was not the case with this joint. Waitress ignored our group most of the time.
3	Slow as f... I mean, molasses. Kind of a trap if you want breakfast and don't want a buffet that has been touched and picked through by random strangers. Anyway, they need more staff. Saturday around noon, which I assume is one of the busiest times at a casino cafe, there seemed to only be four servers - all who seemed overwhelmed by the volume of patrons. The food was pretty good. Hubby and I split the artichoke spinach dip and a chicken caesar sandwich. The dip was really good and garlicky. The sandwich, while it didn't look all that appetizing, was really tasty. It was served on foccacia with a big slice of swiss. Took three tries to get an iced tea. Definitely go before you are in the omg-i-need-to-eat-right-now hunger zone.
4	I ate here with my wife to stock up on food before entering the Cathouse to open Spring Break with a bang at the Welcome to Fabulous Yelp Vegas party.  Big mistake, because the chicken treats never stopped coming once we were inside Cathouse!  But at least our leisurely dinner was very enjoyable when we ate it.French Onion Soup was rather weird looking with crispy onion straws strewn all over the soup's Swiss Cheese top.  But it all melted nicely and tasted hot, cheesy, very oniony, and satisfying as this comfort food should.  Red Skin-on Potato Salad was nice and cold, with pretty hard but tasty potato chunks, egg, celery, and green onions.  Creamy Cole Slaw with carrot slivers was very good, except not as cold as I would have preferred.  A very good and big Monte Cristo sandwich was the highlight of my meal.  I got both powdered sugar and Strawberry Sauce refills to keep the sandwich of hot ham, smoked turkey, and melted cheese sweet and well lubricated.  The divine sauce even contained ripe half strawberries in it.  Diane enjoyed her Fish & Chips, and caused me to chuckle as she began to dip her fries in the extra powdered sugar supplied on request.  Service was excellent and attentive, and included several unrequested Iced Tea refills.This was a definite 4-1/2 star experience!
3	After a night of dancing and drinking at Cathouse, we opted to find the closest place for after clubbin' grubbin'. We found the PC.Because it was so late, there was no wait for a table and we were directed to a large table for our party. I was craving carbs and protein, so decided to split the steak and eggs. Comes with a side of hash browns. The food was decent. Decent enough to curb my hunger and soak up the alcohol.Our service was great. Very nice and accommodating.
4	awesome late night food after hours of dancing/clubbing through vegas.
5	Good cafe food and great customer service! Three different people kept asking us if we wanted refills on our drinks. Other restaurants don't even come back. It's not fancy but hey I would definitely eat here again :) And they have pretty good prime rib!
4	We stayed at the Luxor for our wedding/honeymoon/vacation. We ended up eating here pretty much every morning before starting our day, and it was a good way to wake up. The staff there was really friendly the entire time (except one lady, who was actually too friendly and a bit touchy feely for us) and our food came quickly. Coffee was average diner coffee-- Folgers in your cup kind of deal. The food was pretty basic, but a good portion and a good value for the money, and they always brought the check out quickly as well. It saved us time-- and if you are in the hotel, it's the way to go for breakfast.
3	It hit the spot at 3am after a night of clubbing. Service was sort of slow but I would go back.
4	Great service, Great food, Great Price.I had a large group of people with me and the staff were attentive in all of our needs. We were seated in 10 mins, drinks came out immediately, food came out in about 25 mins.  Portions were decent, worth the price.  Not a lot of 24hour cafe's have good service like this so I would come here again if I stayed close to the Luxor.
3	Since the Excalibur decided that having a cafe for breakfast was not a good idea we ventured into the Luxor and came across the Pyramid Cafe. Unfortunately they close after lunch time so they are not a 24 hour operation which is most unfortunate because the food they offer would be perfect for late night eats. No matter I guess at least they offered early morning breakfast. I forget the name of the dish I ordered but it was a basic breakfast of eggs, sausage, hashbrowns, and toast. The eggs and sausage were good but the hasbrowns and toast left something to be desired. I liked the decor of the place. The Luxor does a phenomenal job of staying true to their theme. The prices are typical Vegas, which is you pay more than you usually would for something, so I have different price expectations for them. My breakfast was around $9 and for Vegas that is pretty typical so it does not bother me. I expect t spend more money to dine out on vacation then I would at home especially at restaurants in Vegas casinos. There are cheaper dining options on the strip like a Dennys or Cocos so if I did not like these prices I could go elsewhere so I don't feel like I have the right to complain too much about that. The food here was nothing special but it was not disgusting either. Our waitress MaryEllen was a sweetheart and she had great customer service. She made sure we had everything we needed at all times. I ordered a milk and she forgot to bring it out to me and when I reminded her she was very apologetic and made up for it. To her defense the place was packed and she was working alot of tables. The food took a little long to come out but it was very busy that morning.  Overall the place is just basic. Nothing remarkable. I plan to stay at the Luxor on another trip to Vegas and when I do I would say I will eat here again I just think I will choose another selection for my meal.
3	The Pyramid Cafe was our first dining experience in Vegas on our recent trip there. We woke up and wanted a breakfast/lunch style meal without the hassle of a buffet. We made our way through Excalibur and crossed over into Luxor and found Pyramid Cafe. I was put off to see that the sign by the entrance stated it was only open from 6am to 2pm. Vegas ought to have more 24 hr cafe-like operations. I was also unimpressed with the quality of the food compared to the prices. I ordered a prime rib sandwich and my wife ordered a common egg, sausage, hash brown, and toast plate. She was unimpressed with the quality of food also. My sandwich was very very bland. Almost no flavor to it. I needed to add salt and tried numerous other sauces to try to flavor it, but couldn't quite find the right combination. The service was decent. We had Mary Ellen as our waitress and she came high recommended by others on Yelp. Three stars for service, but missed out on 4 or 5 due to poor food quality and over-priced (even for Vegas).
4	I'm so glad I found this place.  All the times I have been in the Luxor and I have never noticed it...I'm a little disappointed in myself.  Came here for brunch Saturday, ordered the tuna salad sandwich (not something I typically order at a restaurant ever) but something was telling me to order it....and I am so glad I did.  It was the most amazing tuna salad I have ever had.  I also got the coleslaw for a side and that too was delicious.  I also had a bite of my friends fish and chips....just as tasty!  Everyone at the table was beyond please with their dishes, so in the future I will definitely make my way over to this nice cafe.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because of the service....granted it was Saturday near lunch hour....but no personality whatsoever...came and ran (literally, so he was hustling)...but breath, slow down a minute and enjoy your friendly customers.
5	They say you don't know what you've got till it's gone...how true about the Pyramid Cafe... For as many years as I can remember, I've made it a point to eat at least one meal at the Pyramid Cafe at the Luxor.  The fact that it WAS open 24 hours a day, plus they had some delicious food (the Monte Cristo was excellent, and loved their Halibut Fish & Chips).  However, I just got back from a business trip in Vegas and stayed at the Luxor.  Signs on the Pyramid Cafe anounced that they were only open for breakfast, closed at 11am.  I'm honestly shocked and disapponted by the new hours, one less 24 hour dining option that had way better food than Denny's or any fast food joints.  I'm just hoping this was a temporary/seasonal thing, being that I was in Vegas during the "off season".  I really missed the Pyramid Cafe this time, would've loved to eat there again, but couldn't make it there during their new, limited hours.  Please go back to 24/7!!!  I want my Monte Cristo and Halibut Fish and Chips!
3	Just okay. Went here for breakfast and got the all American. It wasn't too bad
4	Nice casual dining location with delicious food after a night out in Vegas. I enjoyed a Bistro cheese sandwich and salad and we shared a espresso martini for dessert which had a great kick to knock us out of our food coma while satisfying the sweet tooth!
3	It's a nice, casual restaurant. I came here for breakfast with a friend. We both had omlettes with juice. I think they made it with Velveta cheese...anyway...Service was very slow because they were short handed. Our waitress only showed up to take the order and drop the check. Someone else delivered our order. The food was pretty good. Priced a bit on the high side for breakfast (but, I'm cheap).I would probably come here again if I wasn't going to visit other places on The Strip.
1	Went this morning in search of breakfast. Waited 15 min on line to be seated. Once we were seated, the waitress did not even show up for about 1/2 hour so we got up and left. Absolutely Ridiculous!
4	Finally was able to make it to the Pyramid the day we were leaving.  Oh how I wish they were open 24hrs, we would have eaten here every day.  I was pretty tired and hungover, so not much appetite, but the bagel and cream cheese hit the spot. Everyone else's food looked great, too.  The service was good, we didn't have to wait for a table even though the place was bustling and the prices were reasonable.  Pyramid Cafe, increase your hours so people don't have to suffer at Raffles!!!
2	Bad, overpriced food.The breakfast platter is not good. I think the scrambled eggs are made of powdered eggs - they are barely edible. The bacon is greasy, although the hashbrowns and pancakes are OK.The oatmeal is fine. The greek yogurt berry parfait is surprisingly OK, although the fruit is frozen rather than fresh.The service is slow. The restaurant itself is clean and simple enough, but I will not be back.
3	Yes, this place is overpriced. You're eating in the hotel; that's to be expected. Still, for $13.99 (which was about $7 too much), I was able to wolf down scrambled eggs, a heaping mound of bacon, hash browns, and a small stack of silver dollar pancakes. Made for a nice hearty breakfast. Quality would be comparable to Denny's, maybe slightly better. You eat here for the convenience of not having to slog out down The Strip looking for somewhere to grub after a long night of enjoying Vegas. In that respect, it's your best bet if you happen to be staying here. We didn't imbibe, but they've got $5 Bloody Mary's and mimosas. Great deal if you need a little hair of the dog to get your ass moving.
2	Good breakfast served quickly, but nothing special and quite pricey - even for Vegas.
3	This is your typical cafe/diner.  They serve breakfast food, burgers, and other things.  I ordered the skillet, which contained hash browns, cheese, eggs, and bacon.  The food took awhile to come.  They were not too busy, so I do not know why service was slow.  When it finally came, I was a little surprised because the skillet was so tiny.  It was about the size of my fist!  Regardless of its size, the skillet was actually pretty good.  The hash browns were crispy, and the cheese was nicely melted.  The bacon bits were mixed in really well.  A little bit pricey for what I ordered, but all in all, I would recommend this place to people staying at the Luxor.  It is a shame that this place closes right after lunch.
5	Surprisingly good breakfast, and if you get the right assistant, you will never see the bottom of your coffee cup.
4	The food is pretty damn good, and the wait staff is very friendly. They also pop back in a lot to re-fill the coffee which is great in my book!The first day I got the peanut butter french toast with bananas, the second I got the carrot cake french toast with cream cheese topping, and the last day  I got egg whites with veggies. The first two items were very rich, but excellent. I am glad I splurged. I also really enjoyed this place a lot more than the buffet in the Luxor. My wife really liked it as well and had gotten waffles with fresh berries and the strawberry french toast another morning. =)
3	$12 chicken strips don't cure a hang over.  $12 for generic chicken strips, service was slow, so gets 3 stars!
4	Had to eat breakfast here 3 times before we left. The breakfast food is very very high quality, and loved it. They have a nice variety of things to choose from, from biscuits and gravy to strawberry shortcake waffles to oatmeal and fruit.
4	Food was very tasty. I recommend the red velvet pancakes. The wait staff was great. Only down side is price just like everything in Vegas.
1	Probably the worst tasting food I has ever eaten.  Plus, the service was like a person giving lines in a play. Saying what needed to be said and not listening to the responses and having a Stepford Wife like fake smile the entire time.
3	Not fancy, but good breakfast spot if you're staying close, and if you're not, breakfast served until 1pm. The French toast was delicious. The hashbrowns weren't worth $3.99 for the little side plate. The caprese shrimp salad was decent. Seating was immediate at noon on a Monday. Would come here again for the French toast.
5	I may have been extremely hungry when going here, plus we went for breakfast, and for whatever reason I was on a breakfast kick when we were on our honeymoon, but this was my favorite place we ate out of 5 days in Vegas.I had breakfast sandwich slider type things:  fluffy biscuits, eggs, bacon (maybe tomatoes?  Don't remember)...pretty basic, but the ingredients were in perfect proportion.  The meal was filling but not the gigantic proportions I came to accept as normal in Vegas, not to the point where I felt uncomfortable for the rest of my day.Especially if you're staying at the Luxor, make sure to go have breakfast here one morning!
3	Pretty Good food but how on earth did I spend $64 on a basic breakfast for a party of 3!? Oh my bad the juice & coffee was $4 and soda was $3.50!! Crazy
2	We went here Sunday after mass. I had the steak and eggs with hash browns and a blue berry muffin.Steak was dry and lacked taste.Eggs were just as dry.Hash browns were just okay.Blue berry muffin was falling apart and tasted like a pre-packaged as opposed to fresh as it was very wet.
3	Went here for breakfast since I was staying at the Luxor and I didn't want to stop at Starbucks. Nothing really spectacular here, had the "Healthy Choice" which is scrambled eggs, veggies, with a side of fruit. Food was good and got me on my way. Staff was super friendly.
1	Terrible service. Tried to come on Christmas, what a mistake! Our party of three waited in line for 10 minutes with ONE table of four ahead of us.  Waited another 10 minutes at the podium with no explanation, asked to be sat at a set table nearby, told something about them cleaning a table, had them seat a couple behind us, finally got pissed off and left. Get your staff together!  Their ineptitude is ruining your service.   Customers here have more choices and deserve better treatment than this.
3	Price about what you would expect at a strip hotel cafe. We ate twice on our trip here. I had the steel cut oats both times and the price on those was good. No kids menu so both of my kids had regular order of pancakes on first breakfast here. They should have shared one and still would have had one pancake left over. Took the leftovers and used them as snacks as we walked the strip. The second visit they shared a plate.
3	Breakfasts were creative and pretty good. Lots of different choices for pancakes and french toast. we had the Peanut Butter stuffed French toast, the Orange Creamsicle, the cinnamon roll and my personal favorite, the Strawberry Shortcake. All pretty good. Relatively inexpensive. Make sure you ask for the turkey sausage to be cooked well done..not sure why you'd have to ask, but ours came out pink one day.
4	We have eaten here dozens of times during our Las Vegas stays. We are sad it is no longer open 24 hours. It's been a long tradition of eating here, and we are happy to see that when we do get a chance to eat here, the food has been fairly consistent. I love to get the chicken tenders and fries, and my husband loves the club sandwich. We also enjoy the breakfasts here. This last time I had a steak omelet, and altho the steak looked like steak-flavored lunch meat, with some A-1 sauce on it it was very tasty. The prices are on a par with what you pay anywhere else in Vegas we feel. If the service was just a bit faster I'd give out five stars. But it's still a nice place to sit and people watch.
2	Food is good, price is reasonable for a restaurant in casino, SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!!! We waited 15 mins for someone to take our orders and another 20 mins for the food to be on our table. The server had an attitude when I asked her for a to go box and refills on the coffee.
1	I had breakfast here.  It was bad.  I think I have cooked better breakfasts with a hangover.  Also, you are smack dab in the middle of Luxor.  The place seems out of place.  It seems as though they had some extra space and the Pharaoh at Luxor said "Ah...well let's just put a crappy cafe and charge prices that are too expensive and maybe people will think it is trendy."  The result is that it becomes a tourist trap.  Do not go here.  I got pancakes...you wouldn't think they can mess up pancakes...well the Pyramid succeeded.  It was as if the pancakes were made by a 3 year old, and that 3 year old had no arms, no kitchen supplies, no burner (I swear they cooked them on a radiator), and the 3 year old had a grudge against me. It is as though they wanted me to have a horrible experience...like the chef gets a bonus if people hate his food.  "No!  Don't use sugar in the pancake mix...use MSG...that will make it taste nasty...we don't want these people liking this food...how horrible would that be?"  Seriously...the pancakes tasted salty as though somebody mixed up the sugar and salt.  How cliche is that?
2	This was another place my fiance and I ate simply out of convenience. We had a free stay at Luxor and came here for breakfast just before we went off to something we had planned. It wasn't a premeditated decision - we just wanted a quick bite to eat. We ordered the Breakfast Combo and Eggs Benedict. Both dishes were mediocre, at best, and reminded us of Denny's which we're also not fans of. I wouldn't come here again, even out of convenience.
3	Went to the cafe around midnight and it was pretty empty. The service was ok, food could've been better. I think it was a bit over priced for the quality, but it is a cafe inside a Vegas Hotel. If you're starving and need a place to eat, that is inside a hotel, this is a good place to go since it will most likely be open.
3	For what it is, you can't beat it. We woke up a little hungover and weren't ready to take on a massive buffet and spend $100 so we strolled over to Pyramid Cafe. 5 min wait, friendly staff, standard diner food (they did offer mimosas and bloody mary's). For his eggs benedict and my 2 eggs breakfast with some coffees it was like $25 (a steal in Vegas!) I would return again.
4	First time here...won't be the last :-).  I had the country benedict...eggs were perfect...biscuits were fresh and grilled just right...sausage was tasty and not too salty...gravy was FANTASTIC.  The hash browns were perfectly crunchy on the outside and moist...but not raw...on the inside.  Orange juice is freshly squeezed and sweet...really pleasant. Service was attentive and just right..checking on me without becoming annoying.  Coffee was constantly topped off.  The only thing that wasn't top notch was the coffee..it's coffee...like the coffee I've had at many diners...nothing special.  I recommend you try this place out...I expect you'll come back again too :-).
2	The food is mediocre but the price is too expensiveI ordered the egg Benedict and it was average at bestThe cinnamon French toast was okay but on the too sweet sideThe American breakfast was comparable to Denny's but at twice the costThe food is okay but they need to either lower the cost or improve the qualityThe portion side tho are large
2	Service and staff were nice and friendly. I ordered the Monte Crisco, which was the ham and turkey french toast sandwich. The though of it was good, but I felt like the inside of the sandwich was undercooked. The sandwich itself was too thick to get the egg cooked or at least hot on the inside.
1	Terrible service, I don't know if they're understaffed or they just don't care. A lot of open tables with long wait
3	Came here for bfast and it wasn't bad.  Nothing extraordinary.  Staff was nice though.
3	Went in for breakfast,  got there about 830am and was seated right away.  I noticed the line started forming about 9am. The cafe didn't appear to seat a lot and tables are pretty close together.   I ordered the steak and eggs which comes with 2 eggs, shredded hash browns, toast and a NY strip.  The toast is brought to the table in a basket with everyone's selection.  Food was average.   Ok, if you are staying at the Luxor and don't feel like going far for breakfast.  My eggs were under cooked for my taste. I should have ordered them over medium so my whites would have been cooked more.  My steak was ordered medium rare but it came out medium well.  Flavor of the steak was good and it was tender.  The hash browns, had a crisp topping, but the inside was soggier than what I prefer.  The other dish ordered at my table was the corn beef hash and eggs.  It was a large portion of hash served and he said it was "ok". Food came out hot and fairly quickly.  The coffee server was quick with the coffee refills, otherwise service was slow.
5	We ordered the skillet breakfast, pancakes, ham breakfast and let's just say there was no talking at the table! Unless our awesome waiter Derek came by to check on us, in which case there was tons of talking. Probably the nicest, friendliest servers I've ever had. He really made our breakfast experience just that much better. But seriously the food was AWESOME! Service was great! Can't go wrong!
2	Have the food came and the other half came later ?Who brings frys 30 minutes before the burger ? Who forgets your drink ?I think the staff is half asleep / drunk
4	I've always avoided eating at the Luxor  because their restaurant lineup never appealed to me. But, decided to give their cafe a shot with a friend after checking out their menu. They offer plenty of standard breakfast and lunch fare, but the standout dishes reside in their diverse selection of French toast. They don't just add different toppings to the same bread. They utilize different types to create the best profile.Despite the lack of carrots in the carrot cake French toast, the bread was soaked through with custard and topped with garnishes that added a nice variety of tastes and textures to make it a standout dish. Likewise, the strawberry shortcake French toast was an enticing array of flavors highlighted by the strawberry compote. Lighter, overall, than the carrot cake, it was equally as good.Less successful were red velvet pancakes that had a tough, almost rubbery texture and icing that was thick and grainy. However, the hints of caramel were a nice touch. Their monte cristo was a solid rendition with an exterior providing plenty of crunch. It could have benefited from more ham, but the flavors were still decent.With a menu full of items that are more likely to satisfy than impress, it's the specialty items like the French toast that should be ordered for a memorable meal.4 Stars
1	This place Sucks with a Capital S!!!!!! Negative 0 stars for this place!!!!!!! I didn't even get to try the food cuz they close at freaking one in the afternoon. I Mean What The F is up with that!!!!!!! What cafe closes right at lunch time and especially in Vegas????? That's where everything Is supposed to be open 24 hours right? ??? The workers there were so rude and told m e to come back at 5 om and it would be open till midnight so I came back at 10 pm for a late dinner and it was a freaking ghost town!!!!!!!! That stupid rude woman lied to me!!!! Ugh. That's OK though cuz I asked my sister if she ever ate there and she said that she ordered a BUT once and there was a dead roach in there!!!!! Ewwwwww!!!!!!!  This place should be shut down!!!!!! I am going to call the health department and get this sick ghetto place shut way the hell down!!!!!!!!!
2	This restaurant is located in the back of the Luxor Hotel and Casino. It is by the pool and sport/horses betting area. In general this restaurant can be compared to a Denny's or Bob Evans but a bit worse. The waitress wasn't great; however, her busser was amazing. This is a below average restaurant with below average food. My plate was a little overpriced for how buttery my eggs were (drenched in butter and oil) and how soggy the hash browns were. My boyfriend's steak and eggs looked appetizing but didn't exactly hit the mark. In my opinion the restaurant is overpriced, poorly decorated, slowly falling apart and prepares below average food.
5	Great San F r an cisco club sandwich (12.99) served on sourdough bread and Monte Cristo sandwich (12.99) with fries or potato salad.  Breakfast served during lunch time too.  Raspberry  iced tea the spot.  Nice attentive servers.
5	The Pyrimid Cafe is only open for breakfast and lunch.   The food is good; and interesting healthy choices are on the menu. The staff is pleasant and attentive.
1	Disappointing to say the least.. Waited in a long line fore 20 minutes.. Thank god I got my Starbucks earlier in the morning.. Finally got seated and waited 20 more minutes before the server have us water and asked about drinks. We ordered and no lie..1 hour later.. Good comes. No refills on coffee, juice or waters.  30 minutes later.. Still no server. We needed more napkins so I got up and got some for myself. Did we leave a tip??? Hell no.. Here's your tip.. Serve your guests!! We would have done better at the buffet!
2	I got the all-american breakfast with the sausage links.  The hash browns were bland and not crispy, the eggs were a bit runny (I got scrambled), and the sausages were meh.  It's like a really bad Denny's, but more expensive.
2	Waited for about 15-20 minutes to be seated.  This seems like a short wait in Vegas for breakfast at 11am so we were psyched.  Unfortunately we waited longer to be acknowledged at the table.  Don't seat me if I'm going to be ignored.  Especially when I'm eating breakfast at 11am, clearly I was out late the night before.  Our server was not at all caring about us needing anything, the only person there who was at all efficient was the woman pouring water/coffee and clearing tables.  Our server made no eye contact with us as she walked by fifteen times and then finally came over and couldn't wait to leave.  She had no positive customer service skills.  She did get our order correct though so that was a plus.  Also, the food was good but very greasy. I had a breakfast skillet with avocado instead of meat.
4	Absolutely delicious  breakfast. Had the steak and eggs, the steak was something that tasted like it came out of a mid tier steak house. I was very very impressed. The staff was warm and friendly.However, I guess it did take a touch too long for the food to come out since it wasn't super busy, and their bloody mary was of low quality.I left with a full heart and a full stomach though.
2	They were accommodating to my hard boiled eggs request so that was cool. Our waiter talked really fast but he was probably on those "Las Vegas Drugs".. Breakfast is good here and there is a long line that moves fast.You get your own tea kettle of hot water.. that's a plus..Don't ask for avocados. A whole one is $8 (I almost sharted when he told me that)$5 breakfast booze beverages like mimosa's and bloody mary's -- can't beat that..I ordered the steel cut oats and 2 hard boiled eggs.. pretty good..Also.. Las Vegas only has Tabasco sauce..no Louisiana hot sauce.. just in case you were wondering..wish I had known that prior to.. I would have brought some packets..
