5	The residents of Regent Square/Edgewood have been hiding a dining gem from the rest of Pittsburgh.The Map Room is a fantastic bar and restaurant with delicious modern bar food and great prices - I got Plymouth Gin highball for under $5. Amazing. For about $7.50 I got the best baked brie sandwich on crispy toasted bread with homemade fries.They have plenty of great beers on tap, daily specials, homemade desserts, and fantastic servers. Vegetarian and family friendly (to an extent) they likely will have something for everyone. I wish we were in Regent Square more often to try all their menu items and sample more East End beers in those cool barrel-shaped pint mugs.
4	Because I can't give it 3.5 stars, I rounded up to 4. The Map Room offers upscale barfare that strays from the burger and fries standard and is very tasty indeed. It's a nice place to go with a group of friends or to enjoy a lovely dinner for 2. Outdoor seating is a plus, however it is limited and it can get crowded on weekends. I've heard they have live Celtic music one night a week which I'd like to catch sometime.If you're in the area or D's is super crowded, walk next door and give the Map Room a try.
4	This bar is one of the great surprises in Regent Square.  I'm a huge fan.  I've been here a few times now, and every time I find something new I like.  The bar decor is kind of a nautical/old-tyme feel.  I like that sort of thing, so I like the bar.  Behind the bar there is a selection of great old Scotches, great for a guy's night out.  The beer selection is good, but I have to give them props - they have Belhaven Scottish Ale on draft...one of my favorite beers!But it is the food that is the true surprise here at the Map Room.  I figured it would be standard bar fare, but I have been BLOWN AWAY twice now, by both the selection and the taste of food available.  Prices are totally reasonable...I really love the food here.  There's always a chef's special, and it's definitely not what you'd expect from your average Pittsburgh bar.  There is a lot of taste to be had here - check it out!The bar crowd is usually pretty light, with a small amount of outdoor seating when the weather is nice. It's a great place to go for dinner or late night drinks.
4	Even though my draft Yuengling tasted way off and made me terribly sick, the wings here are, genuinely, the best ones I've ever eaten, ever. And I would definitely come back for those wings at any point.And in the future, I'd just steer clear of draft selections!
3	The fries are really good.  The turkey sandwich was creative and big, but the processed turkey slices didn't quite cut it, whatever they use for the bun was way too small, and they didn't mix enough dried cranberries with the mayo.  It was good and filling, but nothing to write home about.
5	First of all, why doesn't Regent Square get more credit for being an awesome neighborhood? Seriously, Frick Park is right there and there is a great mix of residential sections along with a quaint row of shops, restaurants, bars, and a movie theater that shows some great stuff! Thumbs up Regent Square, keep it up.But I digress, this is not a review of Regent Square as a whole but The Map Room. It was Sunday night and my friend and I were leaving D's a couple doors down. As we passed the Map Room we heard music coming from inside and through the window saw a trio of musicians: one playing the fiddle, another the guitar, and a young woman playing the accordion. We had to go in to see what it was all about.Jamming for nearly 3 hours was an Irish Band and they were seriously talented. The guy who played the fiddle would jump up from time to time and start right into the craziest jig I'd ever seen. It was great.Other than the great music, Map room has a nice tap selection too. 4 brews by the East End Brewing Company. Two thumbs up for Map Room supporting local breweries.I will definitely be back.
4	The tables outside are normally taken over by smokers which is disappointing because I could sit out there all night drinking East End Brewing drafts. As a vegetarian it's a little harder to eat here, but there are some good options. The french fries in particular are a favorite of mine.
4	Cozy, clean neighborhood watering restaurant with a nice mix of people from aging hipsters, old school RS residents to young parents with kids in tow. Also a nice change up if D's gets too crowded next door.The food is a little on the pricey side but worth it, depending on what you order. The chicken wings are CRAZY large- almost freakishly so. But, YUM-- they are tasty! The French Onion soup is pretty nice as well, but they don't always have it on the menu. The Crab Corn Chowder is so-so. (I don't know why I am always inclined to eat soup here, perhaps the nautical theme).Give it a whirl the next time you are in RS. The bartenders (especially the fella with the long ponytail) and usually friendly and inviting as well.
5	Everything was incredibly fresh, full flavored and home made, like a special holiday meal with family!  The portions were extremely generous (my chicken wings look like they came from pterodactyls and my crab cakes were the size of vinyl records).  I like D's next door for their 1000+ beer selection, but if great eating is my main focus, I'd gladly return to the Map Room for their friendly casual service and cozy ambiance.
5	Living in Regent Square, this is where I go if I want to have a nice, quiet, relaxing beer. I have never been there on celtic music nights, Every time I have gone I have been able to enjoy my food in peace, and this is something that is SO important to me. Its on the dark side, with not much natural light, but this really seems to vibe with the environment. The vegetarian selections are slim, but they are yummy.If your looking for a louder environment, try D's.If you're looking for a louder and rowdier environment, try Murphys.Thanks Map Room for giving me a place to relax!
1	Can I give 0 stars? That's what this place deserves. Poor sanitation practices, the owner was ease dropping on my conversation with friends and just started laughing randomly and put herself in our conversation. Go next door to D's for better food and service! Food is way overpriced!
1	Based on the other reviews, I'm thinking maybe I went on an off day--I don't know! Based on my experience, I would say DEFINITELY don't go for the food. I got the shrimp scampi which was truly horrible. I thought, okay it's a bar maybe their bar food is good I should have known not to order something like shrimp scampi, however, my boyfriend ordered the fish and chips and those were awful too! The fries were soggy and the fish was way over fried and tasteless.
3	I stopped in here for a beer during happy hour. I am not sure if there were happy hour specials. Can't remember. The beer selection was okay. The bathrooms are cleanly kept and the shot glass selection above the bar is awesome. Nice touch to the bar! I'd go back for a drink, but it wasn't the most exciting place. I guess it's hard to get too crazy about with D's close by.
2	As other reviewers have said, this is a nice place to get a beer and chat with friends.  It's relatively quiet compared to other places, and they do keep trivial pursuit cards around at the bar, which can add a little fun into the mix if you're the trivia type.I struggle a little bit with the "gastropub" classification on this one, unless you call any bar & grille establishment a gastropub.  I've never had food here that I was particularly fond of, nor would I consider it one of their selling points.  It's merely ok.  Overall, The Map Room serves a different clientele and provides a niche atmosphere unlike the other establishments in the Square, which is why is still exists.
5	OK, I went for a drink, but the food prompted me to review. Almost as an afterthought, I got a grilled chicken gyro to go. Wow! Nice, juicy, seasoned chicken. A generous helping of kalamata olives, along with delicious hunks of feta cheese. Fresh tomatoes, nice greens. I'm A-OK with the gastropub classification - it is basic bar food, but way kicked up.
2	I was not impressed with the Map Room.  We went there on a Sunday when Dunning's wasn't open.  The service was meh and the food uninspired.  The decor is interesting and reminds me of an old pub.  It's a good place to have a drink and chat but not to eat.  I will probably not go back.
4	I've never had the food here so I can only comment on my drinking experiences, but I've always had a good time here. I like the decor and it's comfortable to hang out in, plus you often meet friendly people there (or talkative at least, whn you're at the bar!).I've always thought the prices looked a bit funny on the menu, as they're listed like 4.27 and 5.29 and stuff, but maybe I'm the only one who thinks that. Also, they sell Magner's cider, yay!
2	The good: the service, decor, location, beer list, perogi, & Cesar salad. The bad: the shrimp linguiniThe ugly: The seitan was inedible, and one of the worst things I've ever tasted. I am pesceterian (former vegetarian), and it made me nauseas. It had the texture of pure pig fat, but without the yummy taste. Our server was kind enough to comp both of our entrees Summary: seems like a good place for a beer and appetizer a bad place to try something new for dinner.
