2	it avoids getting only a one star due to its convenient proximity to the grad school.  food- meh, though they do have condiments on the table, including mayo, which the HORRIBLE tron never has.drinks- same as anywhere else in terms of price and varietybarstaff- HORRIBLE- ive only been three times, but everyone ive had to deal with there has the ever dreaded bitch/bad attitude/crusty look/wench feel to her- or maybe mostly only the main woman who seems to be there who, each time ive been, has stood in front of me trying to pull a customer and then minutes after ive been standing there asks me, "did you need anything?" wtf?
2	This pub was named as such because it is where the training medics and doctors would head to from the Old Medical School located right across the street. The romantic idea of Edinburgh in the past with scholars heading here after a long day doing scholarly stuff is quickly diminished as soon as you walk into this pub today. Its moved along since and hosts a variety of clientele of various ages, although predominately first year students-bushy eyed and full of energy(and student loans). I can't see why this place is a target, there are loads of bars near by also conveniently located, whose bar staff will not ignore you when ordering and whose prices are a lot more reasonable.  Head here in the afternoon for your neighbours episodes or for a rugby game on the screen, or else later at night, when the crowds have moved along. There's nothing really special to it I'm afraid.
2	This was the first bar I ever went into as a fresher in University. As such, it holds somewhat of a special place in my heart....but I think that's just me. When I told my brothers that I liked Doctors, they shunned and mocked me. Apparently it's the breeding ground for all the medics on the prowl. As much as I quite fancy myself marrying a doctor (Patrick Dempsey please) I don't think I'm ready to pick one up in the pub....a sleazy pub at that.The staff were reasonably nice when I was there....not overwhelmingly so. My friends were asked to be quiet (even though it was a busy Friday night) and I was asked to move! The prices were reasonably good, and the selection was your standard bar plus a few colourful shots (for the easily-led students).
2	Located on the corner of Forest Road sits Doctors, a pub with more than its fair share of local history - you can read all about it on the outside wall, I won't bore you with the details. Inside it has all the things you would expect a slightly down market boozer to have: cheap deals on food and drink, 'traditional' decor, sticky tables and a quiz machine. It has an odd mix of clientele coming through its doors to drink their cares away; there are Edinburgh Uni students, overworked NHS staff and more than its fair share of junkies and jakeys. All of these characters combined give it a strange atmosphere and, unless you belong to one of the aforementioned groups, it might be a wise idea to get your booze fix somewhere else.
2	Despite its prime location and large size, Doctors pub lacks in a lot of areas.It serves up the kind of gastro belly filing fuel you'd expect from pubs like this, and has a bar full of booze that isn't too expensive, but isn't that cheap either. I was angling to go in last time I was in Edinburgh since my rather nostalgic aunt who studied nursing through here has been keeping up with my Yelping and recommending places she used to go as a student. Apparently Doctors has always had a bit of a rep for being lecherous, s when my aunt diagnosed this place as a bit of a hovvel for Docs off the clock and on the pull, she was found to be correct! It doesn't, however, take much to deduce on a Friday night - or even on a weekday afternoon - what kind of pub this is. Filled with noisy, bombastic first years from all walks of university life, I feel a bit of sympathy towards the bar staff - their spirit has probably been hardened due to years of dealing with excitable and sometimes quarrelsome youngsters. Working in a bar does that to you if it's student orientated, believe me. And I was a student when I worked behind a bar!I remember just getting out of school and going nuts in first year. It was a lot of fun and quite often I didn't care about my surroundings. Although my taste in boze and pubs has become a bit more refined over the years, I can't even imagine my bad ass 18 year old self enjoying this place that much. It can get too overcrowded and it's the kind of place you drink to get drunk, not to actually enjoy yourself. The throng of student bodies descending on Doctors are probably here for just that reason, and thus the bar lacks a real personality, other than attracting pissheads. If it wants to shake this image, it needs an overhaul, and a swift injection of real fun rather than the hazy, booze infused lunacy. My prognosis: avoid, unless you're flying in for a cheeky pint on a pub crawl in the middle of term.
3	Doctors has been a steady number on the Grassmarket pub scene for as long as I can remember, although I can't say I've felt compelled to enter its hostelry doors a huge amount of times. Doctors is a perfectly straightforward place to go and have a drink, what you see is what you get and all that jazz, and there is positivity in that, because at least you always know where you're at. The actual premises are fairly big, so there's quite a bit of seating room if there's a big group of you, plus the pub is really well located and convenient from a lot of angles, whether you're coming across the meadows, or up from town. I've used it as my quick go to for a handy drink when I've been short on time, and just want somewhere to go where I'm guaranteed a seat during the day. Doctors is really just your no nonsense, traditional and straightforward pub, although I do feel it's maybe a bit too plain and straight to business, which affects the overall feel of having a drink here. It is always busy at night and the weekends, so you're getting great atmospherics in that sense, and if you want to meet an Edinburgh University student or 2,000, this is the place to attend.
3	Last year I used to have a flat which was located just above Doctors. And over that year I have memorised the commentary that tourists would receive on the open top buses going back... "Every day, men would flock here after a busy day and receive their daily medicine!"Perhaps amusing, but after hearing this for a year it gets boring. However, it is still true, after a hard day, many still come to this place. It is still popular with students and very popular with lecturers and tutors.The bar has a good selection of drinks and has student discount. The food can be a bit hit and miss and times but the menu is pretty extensive for a pub. The pub shows the football all year round, and is always packed out for a Champions League game. Furthermore, this pub is always very busy for its pub quiz, which is a very good laugh indeed!Worth a visit!
3	This isn't a pub that immediately catches your eye with any traditional decor or blindingly good prices, but it is a pub you are likely to come back to on another day.  It's hard to tell precisely what it is that makes this pub such an attraction, but the best I can think of is its homely feel.  When sitting there you do not feel out of place and even on your first visit you are likely to look round with a familiar gaze.Its prices are not cheap, though fairly reasonable given the location, but it does offer a great location for a social drink out.  Whether you are on a pub crawl, watching the football or trying to relax it's generally able to cater for your needs.  The only downside is that it does not excite or wow you like other bars do and eventually you will go elsewhere, but in time you'll be likely to return to this pubs homely atmosphere.
5	We stumbled upon this place upon arriving in edinburgh; the cheap food prices called to us.  We were very pleasantly surprised by the food: it was the first time in scotland that we felt like we got "our money's worth", and then some.  The ultimate burger cost 5 pounds for  12 ounce behemoth of a burger; I shared one with a friend and we were both full after eating half of it.  The chili was also very good, as well as the nachos.  The proportions were always nice and big.  We ended up coming back two more times in the three days we stayed in edinburgh.The beers are reasonably priced; not the cheapest but not expensive (about 3 pounds for a pint).The pub has a nice decor and feels quite cozy.  Beware the "burger night" though on wednesdays -- we had to wait quite a while to get a table.
4	Doctors is a bit of a guilty pleasure of mine.  I don't really know why, I think it comes down to the location and the fact that some of the staff are really pretty cool.I noticed that this place is labeled a gastropub.  It is definitely NOT.  I mean, they serve food, but there isn't really anything expecially nice about it other than it is very reasonably priced and fills your belly without affronting it.  They used to make these nachos that were just nacho cheese flavoured doritos with fake cheese sauce and fake guacamole on the side.  The nacho lover within me was appalled.  But, for some reason I kept ordering them, and recently they have started serving them with real toppings again, which made me happy.The pints are very reasonably priced for the pub's location, and there is plenty of seating whenever I go (pints after work during the week).  I never have trouble getting prompt service and quite often have great craic with the bartenders.  All in all, the main thing it has going for it is the location, but it is also unpretentious and has -in my experience- good staff.  There is a reason I keep going back.
3	While they have a nice bog-standard house ale, and it's an all right pub, it's a bit on the spendy side (think London prices), it's far too bright and far too loud.There's nothing particularly great or bad about it. A decent boozer and central. Just wander a bit further up to St. Mary's. (Hint: see my other Edinburgh reviews...)They do get extra points for the array of Scottish cask ales, though.
4	Doctors was one of my favorite pubs to visit during my stay in Edinburgh.  While there is not a whole lot of seating compared to other places in the city, there was always great beer on tap and the food is that perfect bar quality I was always looking for.They have deals on different days of the week, such as burger night which includes a pint of beer on tap. They also host a pub quiz which was fun, as well as host sporting events where the people it drew made the evening very enjoyable and offered a great glimpse of Edinburgh's culture.
4	Just newly renovated , I was lucky enough to win a free meal at Doctors on their reopening night. So be warned I didn't pay for the meal I had!However the food was excellent. I had a massive burger. Proper ground steak with great toppings. Chips were chunky and very well done. Other than that the menu had some great pub favourites. All priced fairly reasonably.The renovation looks good with a more "Old school Edinburgh" feel rather than the student pub feel that they were going for more recently.Seating was well laid out and the TV's hidden behind advertising signs. Which is where I hope they'll stay most of the time. I don't mind for the odd game but constant massive TV's showing every game is ridiculous and ruins atmosphere in these places.Also the soundtrack was much better than pre-refurb when club anthems and crap pop was played far too loud. No music, quiet music were the order of the day yesterday with some decent folk singers later on. It worked well.All in all the improvements are really good. recommend hitting it up for some food and beer!
4	A cozy gastropub with friendly staff, good food, and good drinks; just the combination we were looking for on this night during our visit to Edinburgh.Doctors was filled with all kinds of people from office works and university students to couples and old friends. The staff seemed a bit short yet extremely efficient and friendly. The place was fairly full with the football match on. The atmosphere had a great "neighborhood" feel to it. The food was excellent and came out piping hot. Between the two of us, we ordered the Bangers and Mash and the Meat Pie and Mash. Everything was rich and flavorful with generous portions. I ordered a Rekorderlig cider which is a Swedish cider with a berry flavor. It was a new discovery and I greatly enjoyed it. I'm hoping to find a place to purchase Rekorderlig here in the U.S.While in Edinburgh, we wanted to taste a variety of restaurants and pubs and this one was a nice addition. It was a overall great experience with good food and drinks along with a charming staff.
3	Doctors isn't is a pub I would want to spend an entire evening in, however it is a decent chain (same group as Milnes or Beehive) pub. It feels a little soulless, trying too hard to emulate a traditional pub and it is fairly popular with the student population so it can be busy.However don't discount it, it's a good starting location with filling pub grub (provided by Taylor Walker) along with a normally decent selection of real ale. The one thing I always find slightly amusing is they stock Carling and Tennent's, both fairly generic lagers...In the end though accept Doctors at face value and enjoy your food and a quick drink.
4	On my third visit to Edinburgh, I was finally staying in a very fancy hotel (Quartermile Apart Hotel) which was in the meadow's (reviewing that very soon). After a long day of work, I decided to meet my friend who recently moved to Edinburgh for work. We were meeting after 5 years so the focus was not a extremely fancy place but just the conversation and company. I had spotted Doctors before while I was trying to find my hotel and it definitely was the landmark for me so I thought it would be unfair to not have at least one drink there AND it was extremely close from the hotel. We went inside and it was a very warm pub feel which is kind of what I expected. A local band was playing some live folk music too, but I have to say that they were not even close to being good as the lead singer was completely out of sync (yes even I understood that). We decided to sit by the bar as its always good to have easy access to drinks (wink). The bar staff were really friendly just like other Scottish People (they are so refreshingly friendly) and we had  good banter with them. The guy at the bar was convinced that I had an American accent (I get that from some people). They had a good selection of beers and ciders which is always a plus. The music was not ridiculously loud so it was possible to have a good conversation without having to lose your voice. The pub offers what it is supposed to - good selection of alcohol, moderate pricing, clean toilets and friendly bar staff and live music (which was not that great). Verdict : Great place to catch up, I can see it must be very popular amongst students because of the generous pricing strategy!
3	The wind blew us into Doctor's. Okay, only sort of... we had come to meet some friends of friends for a drink. I wanted to eat here, but was told we would only be staying for drinks and moving on to someplace close, maybe in Grassmarket to eat... someplace closer than where I am? Do tell. Fine... I had a water. We were able to find seating for eleven since it wasn't busy. I kept seeing delicious looking food pass me by. My husband ordered a beer, but since they didn't have what he wanted, he told them to surprise him. He should have asked what it was because when he wanted another, he couldn't ask for another surprise. The place has a nice atmosphere... We were all able to have a lovely, audible conversation without anyone having to yell over music or overly boisterous patrons. I just wish I could have had the huge serving of fish and chips... It was Sunday too, I'm sure they had Sunday Dinner... For the life of me, I can't figure out the slot machine. Ha ha, laugh at the foreigner. I had some guy try to teach me the night before, but since I was rubbish, I just kept feeding pounds into the machine... Nope, I failed.
3	This pub holds a special place in my heart since this is where my classmates and I always went to get a drink after class.  But objectively there isn't much special about.  In fact it is downright standard.
3	This is our first visit to Edinburgh. Cool looking place. It was a nice day and there seemed to be a lot of happy pub-ogers enjoying themselves so we stopped in for a beer.  After walking around the meadow's and sightseeing this really hit the spot. Friendly people and lively atmosphere.
