3	I'm so glad to see that after the previous business Havana closed, something else opened up. Hopefully something better. As soon as I walked into Havana I walked right back out. The smoking was the thing that really got to me. Seems as if smoking isn't allowed in this place, which is a good thing! I also think the decor is an improvement. Havana seemed like it wanted to be a nightclub, while The Summit seems to want to be a cool cocktail bar. I dig.They don't serve any food at this point. Just drinks. Not sure if this will change, but it might be nice to add some tapas to the menu to munch on for happy hour or late night.The drink menu isn't large. There's about 10 signature drinks and a handful of beers available. The waitress explained that all their simple syrups are made in house. That was a great surprise and made me even more excited about the drink!I ordered the strawberry lemonade because the waitress explained they squeezed the lemons in house and it wasn't a pre-made lemonade mix. I wasn't looking for sugar shock. Just a refreshing summer cocktail. It was just okay. Maybe a little too weak. The ingredients just didn't really give off too much flavor, it wasn't just the alcohol being weak.I have hope though. It's new. They've still probably gotta work out the kinks. That's okay, I'll be back! I'm all about supporting an exciting business on Shiloh St! Hopefully more good things to come!
4	No food yet, so this is a bar review.Their drinks are good and unique and-- importantly-- use good liquors.  The draft selection is more than adequate.  It's a little pricy, but that is to be expected when they're just getting off the ground.  The happy hour is a good way to offset some of the sticker shock.  Select mixed drinks are $6 during happy hour and the selection includes some pretty unique drinks.  I think most drafts, which included plenty with high ABV, were $4 during happy hour.Decor is infinity times better than Havanna.  I actually feel like I'm in a bar in The Summit.  Havanna felt like it was a buddy's garage with a misplaced tiki bar in the middle.Try it out, and if you're opposed to a $9 martini, go from 6-8.
1	This is the new Bar that's in the space Havana once stood. After a ten minute wait for a drink, I was ready to walk out, but to give an honest review I stayed and was finally waited on. I ordered a lemon martini, 8 bucks, the bsrtender didn't chill the martini glass properly so after shaking it warmed up rather quickly. It tasted sweeter than i liked but it wasn't bad. No kitchen, so no food. Let's see how long this place lasts. I was there a few days after opening night, it was very crowded and extremely loud. Not my type of bar.
5	The prices are high, but your definitely paying for quality, the quality of drinks and atmosphere are well worth it.Awesome spot for a group of friends, quiet enough to have a conversation and alive enough not to feel out of place.Also great for a date night, grab a table, and let the cocktail waitress take care of you. Also, ALWAYS ask what they have special that night, innovative and delicious drinks in the works at all times.Friendly staff and great location
3	I had never heard of this place, but based on the name alone, I was looking forward to a visit. The problem I had with The Summit is that I wasn't sure what kind of place it was trying to be. It had all the looks and feeling of a "modern", trendy bar - with garage door walls and cool lights - but it really liked some sort of cohesive atmosphere. The The staff treated us like we were at a dive bar. They pretty much never came back to us unless we hog-tied them and getting a smile and anything less than an awkward shrug seemed difficult. This would've been fine if I were only paying $3-6 for my beer, but I paid $9.Also, the layout was odd. There was all of this space in the middle that could've been used for more cocktail tables. Overall, I wouldn't be against going here, but it probably won't be from my own suggestion. If they offered some appetizers or finger foods, then it might be more appealing. I think the service needs to match the look and then it would score a little more.
3	The Summit presents a dilemma for East-Enders such as ourselves. The location is sub-optimal. On the occasions that we might venture to the mount we're probably looking for food and drink and since you'll only find the latter here, it probably won't be out destination. Perhaps a 2nd stop, but that's a dicey proposition if you've got to head back down afterwards. The occasion that brought us here was a friend returning to town and holding a happy hour to see everyone at once. On all such future occasions, this is a great place to hold them. The place is spacious, the drinks are well crafted, and the ambiance is warm and trendy. Also, USB and power plugs under the bar!?! Yep. Very cool addition that I wish more bars would have.
4	I drive by this place all the time and could not wait to try it. Over the summer the windows open up and people look like they are having a blast.  We finally got there last week and it is cute and cozy inside yet trendy.  They do not serve food but a great place to go for a cocktail. I did not think the prices were high and got a draft beer for $5. They had a nice selection of drafts including the pineapple beer from Rivertown-one of my favorites. My date went with a cocktail, an apple cider drink of some sort, slightly more expensive at $9 but worth the price. The music was good, it wasn't too crowded so we were able to get a table around 9:30 on a Friday night and they have board games that you can play at your table.
5	The atmosphere is fun. Good music and the option to play games- which is always a good time. I love the layout and am excited to come back when the weather gets nice (they has glass garage doors). They serve you a glass of water as soon as you sit down. I ordered a seasonal drink but got to try two of the mixed drinks and both were delicious. Another fun fact: phone charger cords are setup under the bar for patrons to charge their phones at any times.
4	Great new neighborhood bar in Mt. Washington!  The Summit is a dimly-lit (a plus in my book) bar that offers an oft-changing (also good!) menu of craft cocktails.  Over the winter, my favorite of these was a spiked hot cider drink.  These guys also make a damn good Manhattan.If you're looking for a decent selections of bourbons, whiskeys, and ryes, this is also your place.They usually have some interesting beers and wines on the menu as well, and I was pleased one weekend to learn that they carry Prosecco, too. Yes, you can pop bottles.There's a shelf with games in case your group wants to play drunk Jenga.  There are a few small tables with chairs, but I think the use of the space is good.  There are soft-cushioned stools at the bar.  I'm a big fan of the owners/men behind the bar, who are friendly and knowledgeable about their drinks.  The usual bouncer is often reading an interesting book at his post.My only complaint is the music:  it's usually loud hip hop.  For a cool craft-cocktail place with dark atmosphere, the music seems off.  It's hard to hear people talk and it's not like it's a dance club!  But it may just be my personal preference.
5	Easily one of my favorite spots for a few delicious cocktails! I recently had a peach manhattan? Maybe old fashioned I can't remember... But it was tits! I'm not even an avid bourbon drinker but I was feeling risky that night and I'm glad I did! The bartenders are awesome and know how to perfectly interact with their guests. Such a perfect addition to Shiloh!
5	I've only been to this bar one time upon writing this post, but my experience there was so awesome, I'm getting ready to go again here in a few minutes. The atmosphere was very cool. Definitely a bar that you'd see in, perhaps, Lawrenceville, so I think it definitely brings something different to Mt. Washington. The beer selection was fabulous, and the bartenders were very nice and friendly. I agree that a kitchen, when it opens, will make this place even more of a win!
5	Love the atmosphere and the creative drinks they make - whiskey selection is good, and their beer selection is moderate but good choices to pick from (not a bunch of domestic boring beers haha). You can play board games and card games here, and it's open when it's nice out so it's nice and breezy. Great place.
4	Medium to high end bar that makes very solid cocktails. I'm sure they would make you a gin and tonic if you asked but they specialize in upper shelf liquors mixed with house made ingredients in unique and in house cocktails. They make a very solid Manhattan, pour a nice selection of craft beers and have a chill atmosphere. Expect ~$10 cocktails ($6 during happy hour) and draft beers ranging from $5-15. Similar to Acacia on Carson with slightly inferior cocktails and less knowledgable bartenders. Highly recommended.
2	I wanted to love this bar since I live pretty close but I was rather disappointed. First off its very small. Limited seating. The cocktails are good but pricey. Me and my friend waited and waited at the bar trying to get a second drink and we couldn't even get a bartender to look our way. Yes it was busy but that was no excuse. We ended up walking across the street to redbeards where we got served immediately. Oh and redbeards has food!
