4	I drooped in to Magpie's after a tough workout with friends, we were looking for a quick easy dinner and pizza sounded good.  I was pleasantly surprised with Magpie's the ambiance was warm and inviting, even though the restaurant was full when we arrived it didn't feel too noisy or cramped. My friends and I were able to have a conversation without having to yell, the music volume was at an appropriate level.The wait staff was very nice and efficient, we never felt like we were lacking anything and when something was missing it seemed to appear on the table just as we noticed it might be missing. The only thing we had to ask for was a bottle of spicy oil we had seen on the table next to ours when we first came in. and even that arrived at our table seconds after we asked.We ordered two pizzas one Margarita and the pizza of the day which had spinach, anchovies and ricotta cheese. Both pizzas were excellent, I preferred the margarita pizza but that's because it had a little more spice to it. The wood burning oven definitely added to the flavour of the crust, giving it a nice smoky taste. Add some spicy oil to the mix and you have the making of a great pizza.I think everyone should drop in and try this great little neighbourhood eatery, at least once, I know I'll be back.
3	I keep waiting and waiting, but, so far, the New Wave of Pizza that's been sweeping much of the rest of the continent for the last decade, has caused little more than a ripple along the banks of the mighty St. Lawrence. Magpie gets an "A" for ambition--it's a nice looking pizza joint, they've outfitted it with with an impressive-looking wood-burning oven, and they've put together a decent menu--but the pizzas have yet to come into their own. The combinations of toppings are fine--some are even inventive--but it's the crust that's lacking. Too much cornicione (in terms of area, not in terms of volume), too droopy in the center, light charring, not nearly enough character. Give 'em another chance? I've given them three since they opened last fall. At this point, I'm waiting until I hear of a marked improvement. Otherwise, I'm saving my shekels for my next trip to New York.
4	Being considerably terrified of birds, I was skeptical of a restaurant called Magpie. Luckily, the atmosphere turned out to be warm and welcoming, and there was no sign of my feathered foes. The trattoria-style restaurant is all about the small details - A large wood-burning oven covered in tile mosaic, milk bottles used as flower vases, a LIFE magazine from 1971 hangs off the towel rack in the bathroom, and cured meats hang from the ceiling.Written on brown paper placemats, the menu is pretty concise: a handful of starters, seven or eight pizza choices, and three desserts. We started with an order of the meatballs. They were seasoned and juicy, covered in Magpie's homemade tomato sauce, and accompanied by an outstanding piece of warm bread, directly out of the oven.We sampled five of the pizzas off the menu, and each one was spectacular in its own way. They were not overloaded with cheese, and the pizzas maintained a soft bready crust, a feature often overlooked by a very thin-crust European-style pizza.The only downside of these pies was the fact that their consistency made them a little hard to share, as well as eat. The transfer of pizza slices looked like 'pass the hot potato,' and attempting to cut bites often resulted in half of the entire slice ending up on my fork. A small price to pay.
5	Love this place. The decor is a mix of quaint, eclectic and retro. The place  is rather small; therefore limited seating. Get there before 7pm for dinner! The specials are written up on a board over the kitchen, so bring your glasses! The staff is SUPER friendly and knowledgeable about food and wine as well as accommodating. I've been here for lunch and dinner, several times, and the food is always amazing!!! The oysters are always fresh and delicious. The "biancha" pizza is fantastic...I avoid tomato sauce so this was a great substitute. I've had the plat charcuterie, the roquette & radicchio salad, as well as other items, and I've never been disappointed! Their wine selection focuses on Italian wines. They have a nice variety, which is by no means cheap, but once in a while, splurging is encouraged! A definite do if you're looking for good food minus the pretentious ambiance!
3	I have eaten pizza here twice. It's good restaurant with fun decor. The food last night was decent, but I do think I could have made it at home with Jamie Oliver's Italian cook book. It's not too expensive, however, so long as you moderate your alcohol, which justifies going there. It can also be fun, with the nod to the retro decor and interesting hipster patrons an staff. Our hostess was great and the waitress not so good (didn't ask how things were until the meal was almost done, didn't ask me if I wanted another drink, etc.). The rustic style pizzas do remind me more of true Italian pizza than one would normally expect of a North American pizza joint. The name Magpie, after the bird, is a very commonwealth reference, which may seem odd at first. It is, however, one of a number of restaurants with British references that have opened in the past year or so in Montreal: e.g. Sparrow, Lawrence, Brit & Chips, the Burgundy Lion, etc. All in all, I will go back, but with moderate expectations.
4	Magpie is so pretty and sweet tucked quietly just off St Laurent and kept cozy with the hearth of the wood burning pizza oven in the room. The service was a little spacey and unintentionally aggressive, but the waitress seemed new and the rest of the team seemed more efficient and hospitable so I'm sure she'll get there. The Bloody Caesar came spicy in a pint sized glass with olives stuff with garlic - I'll give you 4 stars for that right there on a parched day, and the pizza and appetizers I tried were all fresh and tasty as well. A nice option in the Plateau / Mile End fer sure, especially in the winter.
4	Pizza for me is defined by the crust and the tomato sauce.  This place is terrific on both fronts. Add some chili oil to Magpie's standard Margarita pizza and the combination can possibly make a person do the happy food dance in their chair.  The menu is straight forward, and Magpie has never failed to deliver tasty goodness in any of the dishes we have ordered (salads, daily specials, pizza etc.).  Their specialties are of course the wood burning oven cooked pizzas. From the basic Margarita (a go to favourite) to the fennel sausage with peppers and onions, they all hit the mark.  The pizza crust here is thin on the bottom and thick on the sides, but the thick part has a delightful thin crisp on the outside and pully dough effect in the middle that makes it wonderful in taste and texture.  So if you're a thick crust, deep-dish pizza lover, this may not be your favourite ... although Magpie might just swing you over to the thin crust dark side.The atmosphere is lively and fun.  I would suggest making reservations if you want to eat prime time (6:30 - 9:00PM) Th-Sat and just in case, I'd make reservations if you want to eat in the same time period on other days, although you may get a seat just walking in.Oh yeah and don't forget the chili oil - mmmm the chili oil.
4	So I've been to Magpie twice now. The second time was much better. I started off with a classy bloody ceasar, followed by a nice itslian wine. The pizza was lovely. Just the right thickness of dough and delicious toppings. Unless you're starving the pizza is big enough to satisfy a healthy appetite, unless there's an XXL tag in your shirt!I will go back myself, and you should probably try it too. I did like the feel and look of the place. I would call it casually cool. This isn't a big restaurant so you should probably RSVP.
4	Fantastic pizza! Service was delightful as well. The dessert wasn't outta-this-woeld, but the place is definitely worth multiple visits.
3	What a beautiful restaurant, that's what I thought everytime I walked past this place. I finally went there a couple of weeks ago and wasn't disappointed with the atmosphere of the place. Food wise, I had the pepperoni pizza, which had an unbelievably generous amount of pepperoni and cheese. It was really quite a delicious treat. However, perhaps because of the enormous amount of pepperoni and cheese, that evening I felt really thirsty and had to drink gallons of water. But that's just me. The only thing that didn't sit right with me was that the otherwise lovely crust was a little too burnt to my liking. At the end of the meal, I ended up with black burnt stuff swimming in grease on my plate, which was not a pleasant sight.
4	It's often the simple things that are hardest to make. This place uses San Marzano tomatoes exclusively in their sauce - which produces a distinctive sweet flavor in their pies. Pizzeria Magpie has a slim menu, but the few things they do, they do very well. Enhancing the natural flavors of their products, the element of a wood-fired oven is thrown into the equation for bonus points.
5	My Wife and I were walking around Montreal and we hit Yelp and noticed Pizzeria Magpie was close by and well reviewed.We entered the smallish establishment and our waitress brought over a bourbon bottle full of water. I ordered and St. Ambroise Pale Ale to start off. It was delicious. We sat next to a couple with their kids going through some pizzas that looked wonderful. We were told that the seafood pizza was on special, so I thought, "I like pizza. I like Seafood. This is going to work out." My wife ordered the margarita pizza with no cheese or oil.We waited about 20 minutes waiting for our pizza while we noticed huge calzones, beautiful pizzas, glasses of wine go by us. We continued to talk and enjoy our wonderful Montreal day.Out came our pizza, while I ordered another beer. The Neapolitan style pizza came out with huge clams on it, calamari, scallops and mussels. The cheese wasn't overwhelming, just enough. The red sauce was just spicy enough. The crust was perfect, not too doughy. There was a ton of seafood on this pizza. The only thing that sucks about seafood pizza is that it gets a little juicy.  Overall, one of the best pizzas I have ever had.My wife thought it was also the best pizza she had ever had in her life.Our waitress was super nice and refilled our waters when it got low. The atmosphere is welcoming and not too loud.We loved this place.
4	Magpie is a great little Pizzeria located on MaGuire just above fairmountTo begin their MagPie Bloody Caesar is amazingI started with their meatballs and Caesar Salad, again both were really goodTheir Pizzas are HUGE 1 is enough for 2 people, the ingredients are fresh and delicious, I had Prosciutto it was deliciousPrices are reasonable but space is limited so get there early or make reservations
2	I was so disappointed. I ate the entree of cheese raviolis whereas my boyfriend had the mushroom pizza. Everything was so watery and sour (believe it or not). The tomato sauce was unenjoyable because it had such a bitter after taste. Every time you went to pick up a slice of pizza it would disintegrate and fall apart. I wouldn't go back. Honestly.
3	We were welcomed to our table by polite, friendly staff, before being promptly supplied with chilled table water (which was topped up throughout the meal). Three of the party went for the special, a mediterranean pizza (with lots of olives) and enjoyed it, whilst I went for the "safer" pepperoni option, something I instantly regretted - a typical pizza base topped with mountains of what I can only describe as spam... very sloppy, very fatty, and not very tasty. My advice, steer clear of the pepperoni pizza.That said, the rest of my party were happy with their food and the other meals around the restaurant looked nice. The atmosphere was relaxed and a mostly young clientele, although table etiquette was raised - restaurant rules appeared to be in place (knives and forks, folks).Overall, a not too bad lunch experience, and you get a lollipop with the bill! Its just such a shame that the menu was so misleading. I don't know on what planet that mystery meat is classed as Pepperoni...
4	This joint is hoppin' between 6-8pm, even on weeknights, so think about reserving.Atmosphere is family friendly (saw 2-3 toddlers) and busy.PIzzas are more traditional style Italian, very thin crust, slightly burnt on the edges (this is a good sign) coming from a custom built pizza oven (doesn't smell wood fired).Base ingredients (tomato, flour, oliver oil) as listed on site apparently all come from Italy.  The Antimo Caputo flour is extra fine ground, which perhaps helps the texture of the dough & crust I ordered the Saucisse au Fenouil, a tasty mix of fennel sausage, onions, bell peppers and the sausage quality was excellent.A caramelized onion, black olive, cottage cheese, oregano pizza came with healthy smattering of onion and cottage cheese dollops in four sections.The pizzas are typically quite moist when delivered and there's perhaps of a drizzle of olive oil behind the scenes before delivery.  The crust isn't crispy, neither underneath the toppings nor around the outer edge.  This is not a downgrade, just a note to give an idea of texture.  I prefer a slightly less chewy, lighter, more yeasty flavored dough, but this is just personal preference.I'll definitely be back when I'm feeling the need for pizza.
4	Came here with my friend on a busy Saturday night, they seated us by the bar and we were lucky to have the nicest server. He was so accommodating and helpful, recommended various options and answered all my questions. To start, we ordered half a dozen east coast oysters (from New Brunswick and PEI). They were really mild in taste and easy on their way down- just how I like it. For my pizza, I wasn't sure whether to order the prosciutto or sausage, but I ended up going with the prosciutto and loved it. My friend got the poutine pizza and found it a little too salty due to the gravy, but was satisfied with her choice overall. We shared a bottle of pinot noir and were pleased to hear that our server wanted to treat us to a digestif.It was a wonderful evening and I'll definitely be back to try other items on the menu, everything looked great.
4	I love Magpie. Great ambiance (cozy, romantic, vibrant), attentive and knowledgable staff and most importantly, amazing food. Not your "the bigger the better" type of place, magpie pays attention to taste first and foremost. The oysters are a must- the raw horseradish as garnish is genius! And the pizzas have just the right ratio of oil/cheese/toppings/dough. Recommended for dates or a place to bring your parents.
4	Love the combination of oysters and pizza in one night :)
4	Pizzeria Magpie makes pizza, only pizza and they do it well... very well. Does it stack up to Pizzeria Napoletana? No... but close. Pizzeria Magpie is on Maguire, corner of St-Laurent, but without that the pretentiousness of St-Laurent. The place is beautiful, earthy with a retro feel. It seats maybe 30 people. They offer a few pizzas each looks more delicious than the other, a few beers, some drinks and pop served in glass bottles. Even the water is served in vintage soda pop glass bottles from a bygone era.The service was curt, polite but a little terse. But then I don't want to be overwhelmed by niceties either. The pizza is baked in a wood oven and you can taste the wood the char on the crust which adds a layer to pizza that you can't get from a regular oven. Although some kind of oil or garlic butter on the outer crust would have it taste a little less dry. You can go for the traditional margarita pizza move up to sausage and level up with meatball and 3 cheeses. Even the pepperoni pizza looked awesome because of the angle the cut the pepperoni at, which give you long ribbons of pepperoni and adds an extra meatiness to the pizza. The only thing missing on the pizza is that extra layer of flavor, like herb infused oils, maybe some seasoning. But as a whole you can't go wrong with fresh ingredients slapped on a pizza dough baked in a wood oven to a crispy delicious pie.
4	Maybe this is the best pizza in Montreal but not the best I ate in my life.I was a bit disppointed with Montreal pizza scene, I tried Bottega and Napoletana and Magpie is much better but not superb!!!
3	Good, but not amazing - maybe my expectations were too high (from all the other great reviews they have).I had the special, which was a lobster pizza (a first!). It was a decent amount of lobster, but given it's Lobster Season here in Montreal I would've been disappointed if there wasn't.The venue is nice, and it would make a great date location, but the bang-for-your-buck just wasn't there for me.
4	What a pleasant surprise! Great pizza!I live in Bologna, Italy for 3 years... And magpie makes by far the closest pizzas I used to eat. Margherita and a St. Ambroise while sitting at the bar is a must!Also the bartenders/waiters know their cocktails very well....
5	Very good the pizza, with Bottega and Arlequino is one of the best pizzeria in Mtl. Or at least one of the most similar to the real Italian pizza. The place is a bit small, better to reserve. Ps. The fifth star of the rating is also due to the Montenegro, one of the few places that have it!!!
2	Came to Magpie with great expectations but no reservation.Time was around 6 PM the restaurant was relatively empty, even so, we were sent to the bar. Several minutes later after I had received my thimble size glass of wine for $9.50, another couple came in who had no reservations--yet were seated at a table in the relatively open restaurant.  I removed 2 stars just for the ineffective table management (yes, I know it's always best to have a reservation)Pizza -   was delivered fairly promptly with tasty sauce. There is nothing like a true Wood-fire oven for Pizza, and Magpie has one.   I chose the margarita pizza with added anchovies and a handful of rocket greens on top.  the pizza was good but the crust was not quite as good as what I found at Bottega - in little Italy.  The hipster setting of Mile End is what it is and the staff were nice. For me still, the best real- Italian pizza experience is at  Bottega. I find them to be the winner.  Value for Money was not there with Magpie.  Wine / cocktails were way over priced for what you get, however the mixed cocktails were well put together.
4	How do you fix a broken pizza? .......... ....................With Tomato PasteToo Cheesy??? Never mind. Pizzeria Magpie..... Definitely the Best pizza I've had in Montreal. The wood fire goodyness makes these pizzas so awesome. Thin crust pizzas and slightly burnt at the edges. That's the way (aha, aha) I like it. We tried the Pizza Arrabiata (sausage, Monteray cheese , rapini, red onions, tomato sauce) and the Prosciutto  (Arugula, cherry tomato, bocconcini, tomato sauce). The Prosciutto was really good. Not too salty.The Arrabiata was great. Had a spicy touch to it. The tomato sauce for the pizza's is out of the world. All the ingredients are fresh. Add the spicy oil for extra flavor. They take credit cards, but no debit cards. And yes, Pls make reservations as the place tends to get really packed. Food -  Awesome Service - Friendly  Ambiance - Casual / CozyWorth the money - Yes
3	Great starters, great service, mediocre pizza.  It was there in spirit, but the dough was dry.  Flavor was great, but will probably not come back here because we spent a lot of money (almost 100$ for two people) and left unsatisfied.   Strange, really, cos it looked great but there was something fundamentally wrong with their pizza dough.  Server said it was because of the weather - the dough dries out and reacts strangely to Montreal's climate.  That may be so part, but have not noticed this problem at other pizza places I've frequented this year.    Service was excellent, the room at first looked crowded and small but once we settled in the ambience was pleasant.
5	What a delicious unique restaurant!Came here because of the awesome reviews on of course Yelp! The critiques were dead on. Not only do they have some tasty pizzas, they have oysters!! My boyfriend and I sat at the bar where we both ordered Bloody Caesars that were great. We ordered oysters to start- even better than we expected. Appetizer-meat balls, so tasty and perfect size for 2. Lastly, we ordered a prosciutto pizza to share- authentic and mouth watering!
4	The Margherita Pizza had a thin crust that got a bit soggy in the middle, which made it a little difficult to eat.  The sweet tomato sauce complemented the mild cheese.The Bistecca Pizza had the same dough and sauce as above, but what gave this pizza extra points were the toppings.  The combination of tender steak with earthy mushrooms and fiery jalapenos made this pie a serious contender for our 3rd #514PizzaCrawl.
5	It is definitely time to update my review for Magpie as it was written early in my Yelp career.Magpie is a sweet little restaurant that produces one of the best pizza in Montreal. The menu is small and is updated periodically. There is always a special pizza announced on the black board above the kitchen and I'm still raving about the lobster pizza I had a year ago, whether it was the special or not. The same board has a short list of the oysters available for the day. The pizza crust is like home made, a little bit thicker for my taste, definitely delicious, you can't leave even a little piece on your plate, regardless how full you may be by the end of your meal. The magic in my view is in the little wood fired oven sitting proudly in one of the restaurant corners. Normally you'd rather have a reservation for Magpie. My last visit was sweet, we showed up without reservation, sat on the bar and got the best service, including tasty cocktails fixed in front of us for our pleasure. This unexpected visit wins Magpie five stars.
4	After a great experience at GEMA, I got another hankering for a pizza the following weekend. I got some friends together and planned to head back for a second try when I discovered that they were closed for summer vacation. Darn..... well we still had a desire for pizza, so where to go? Thinking about places nearby, I had a flash and remembered Pizzeria Magpie, located across the street from Chez Serge bar in Mile End. One of those places I have had on my never-ending list for a while but kept forgetting about. We drove up hoping they had room for 4 on a Saturday night and luckily for us, they did.First thing I noticed walking in was the overall look and vibe. A small intimate space overall with the open window in the front to give a little terrasse feel, low lighting, a beautiful dark bar on the side, the blackboard menus and the ceramic-tiled pizza oven visible to all - Magpie gives off a relaxed cafe/bar feel but with enough intimacy to be a solid date place and enough "edge" to be a cool place to bring friends for a happy hour or late evening meal. Loved it completely - this place goes on the possible date locations list (whenever the heck that ever happens again... but that's a story for another day).For starters, we grabbed some of their cocktails to get the evening started. My friends selected the Pimm's Cup and the Magpie Caesar. The Pimm's Cup, served with some mint and cucumber, had exactly the kind of citrus and spice flavours you look for. Very refreshing. As for the Caesar, it certainly looked impressive - especially with the steak spice used on the lip of the glass, however I hate Caesars so I didn't try it. My friend certainly enjoyed it though. In my case, I went for the Dark and Stormy - dark spiced rum mixed with the house made ginger soda. Very nice balance between the sweet rum and the ginger.Before the pizzas came, I just had to order some oysters. On this evening, Magpie had 3 varieties - Conway Royals, Gooseberry Bay and Tresor and I asked for the mix of all three. Served with fresh horseradish, lemon and lime wedges, a mignonette and some hot sauce, the oysters were all of good size and shucked perfectly. Nice start to the meal.But really, the key here is the pizza...Magpie is a pizzeria after all. There are 9 regular pizzas available as well as a special of the day. Since we were four people, we decided to order four different ones and share them in order to try as many as we could. Before we address the topping options, let's talk dough - the foundation of the whole thing. Magpie, using that beautiful wood oven over in the corner, do it pretty well. Had I not been to GEMA about a week prior, I may have said it was best in Montreal. After that experience, I would say it is very good but just a level below the best. The crust has a good levity and chewiness to it with a decent crispiness on the bottom, however to get the crunch, we end up having some burnt spots on the pizzas. I wouldn't have had an issue with it before but if we are going to compare the best pizza joints in Montreal, we are now at that point...Anyway, the first one up was the special of the day - a gravlax pizza with onions, tomatoes and dill. A very creative option - the gravlax itself was delicious and quite plentiful on the pizza. The fresh dill, tomatoes and onions work well with gravlax normally so of course it would work on a pizza. Loved the overall quantity of topping as well. An excellent out-of-box option which in my opinion is worth keeping around as a regular option.Next up was the goat cheese pizza with pancetta, arugula, basil and tomato sauce. Great combination of the creamy goat cheese with the salty rich pancetta to elevate this one past the traditional Margherita. Excellent pizza. The third one was the prosciutto pizza with arugula, cherry tomatoes, bocconcini and tomato sauce. Another solid pizza - any pizza with prosciutto is good by me - although personally I felt that there was way too much arugula over top of this pizza which kinda made it overly peppered.The final pizza was the Bianca - with roasted garlic, spicy capicollo, cherry tomatoes, bocconcini and herbs. This is one spicy pizza - a little too much for my liking personally. I was quite surprised at just how much the capicollo overpowered everything else on this pizza. I also would have enjoyed a bit more cheese on this one. Good but my least favourite of the four easily.Pizzeria Magpie is a solid entry in the Montreal pizza scene - and by far the best in Mile End in my eyes. The cocktail and oyster combo with the relaxed and intimate atmosphere make it a perfect place for a quick bite or drink before a larger meal - and that is without taking the pizzas into consideration. They also do weekend brunch now which intrigues me tremendously. Not my first choice for a pizza but close enough - both in quality and in location - for me to definitely be back in the near future.Cheers!
5	Delicious pizza! I got the margherita and the Mediterranean with a friend. The sauce is divine and everything tastes fresh! The Mozzerella cheese was so creamy and of very good quality! I had a great meal!Friendly staff! I highly recommend it! Can't wait to try more of their pizzas!
4	I'm such a fan. The pizza is so great. I always try the special pizza and I'm always pleasantly surprised. Recently I had the Hawaii - pulled pork, pineapples, bbq sauce.... I mean it's amazing. Defiantly a place to try one of montreal's better pizza's.
