5	When I was getting married, I spoke to several photographers in the area based on no more research than the signs in front of their buildings.  One, who was booked, recommended me a list of other photographers who do quality work, and of them, Chuck was his recommendation as the best.  Of course, being interested in photography myself (as in, owning a camera = photographer), I wanted to see what set apart a great photographer from a run of the mill one.  We met with Chuck after meeting with another photographer, we'll call "Photographer A".  The difference in portfolios was extreme - not just because Photographer A wanted to put my South American wife in an Indian Sari for the engagement shoot, but more so the difference between family reunion pictures you only take out when you need to remember a name and photojournalist pictures that make you stop and stare, even if you don't know the people in the picture.  Chuck was more expensive than Photographer A, but we paid it.  That's important, because we were on such a tight budget, that we grew our own flowers for the wedding in my back yard.  At the wedding, Chuck was very helpful in helping to coordinate everything, and, as expected, took some excellent photos.  He even posted some on facebook the night of the wedding, which made our accounts light up with positive comments.  Overall, I am very glad we chose Chuck for our wedding photographer.  It really does make a huge difference who is behind the lens.
5	Choosing a wedding photographer is one of the most important decisions you'll make when planning a wedding. A good photographer isn't just someone with expensive equipment who will provide visual documentation of your big day--it's someone who will tell the story of your wedding and the people who make it special. And, maybe most importantly, a good photographer will be someone who understands the stresses of a wedding and can find a way to be present at all the important times without being overwhelming or demanding.We chose to work with Chuck Eaton after interviewing several photographers. Two things sealed the deal for us: first, Chuck's world-class photography skills, and, second, his personality. Just check out Chuck's website and you'll see how talented he is and how he is somehow able to find small moments and turn them into amazing art. Then, give Chuck a call and you'll see how easygoing and funny he is and you'll know you've found someone special.Not only did Chuck provide us with so many wonderful photographic memories of our wedding, he did so many little things throughout the course of the celebration that most photographers just would not do. From bringing us a snack when we needed it to--literally--stopping traffic to get a perfect shot, Chuck truly went above and beyond.I highly recommend Chuck Eaton for your wedding photography--well, any photography needs! You will not be disappointed.
5	My wife and I worked with Chuck to get professional business portraits. In the end, Chuck wasn't happy until we were happy. We'll continue to go back for years to come because we know that he'll deliver good work and make us smile every step of the way.
