4	My wife and I shared the mixed cold appetizer plate and it was so tasty.  The stuffed grape leaves were the best I've ever had.  The Labne yogurt with the sour apple slices was a unique favor combination in a very good way.  I also had the Shepherd Salad and it was so fresh and crisp! I loved the dill mixing with all the other flavors in the salad.  For desert, we shared the Kadayif which was a square of shredded phyllo dough with chopped walnuts and a dollop of cream on top.  I loved it but my wife thought it was too sweet.  We will definitely be back to try some kebabs and next time I will bring some Efes beers since they are BYOB.
5	Great addition to the cultural district. fast dinner on our way to a Pirates game. Terrific cold appetizers (especially the baba and eggplant marinara) and perfectly-cooked lamb shish kebab. The manager says they'll publish a takeout menu soon.
5	Fantastic Turkish food! Order Iskender Kebab with Ayran to drink. Then have Kunefe and Turkish tea for dessert.
5	Ending up here after the Lion King Sept 2013 and was delicious.  The mixed cold platter is fabulous and the donner kabob plate was perfect.  We split everything with four people and got the baklava for dessert.  Staff was super friendly and courteous.  This is a BYOB restaurant and we will definitely go back.  Very clean and inviting.
5	We came here at least once whenever visiting Pittsburgh. Lamb and cream caramel here are all amazing. Reasonable price
5	Had to visit twice before I could put in a review just to make sure. Food was delicious each time. I recommend the Chef Borek as a small appetizer. You can tell it is home made and the flavor is outstanding. My entree is called "iskender kebab" but it isn't served on a kebab at all, but in a skillet over chucks of buttery bread that resembles home fries. Some of the best lamb I have had in a while. Only downside to this place is it is BYOB. I grabbed a six pack accross the street but will bring my own Cabernet next time!First time I have ever had traditional baklava. Not your normal baklava. Trust me, you have never had this type before! Very good!
1	Did not live up to the previous reviews.  I got the mixed plate.  The lamb was ok, however, very overcooked and dry.  My wife ordered the chicken in cream.  It was worse than dog food.  Service was less than mediocre.  The worse part for me was that they had no coffee, at all.  What kind of Mediterranean place doesn't have coffee?
4	Charming place near the cultural tenter with Turkish inspired dishes. Restaurant has a Manhattan feel to it.The grilled eggplant was wonderful.  The vegetarian options went down well and le kebabs were great.  Food allergy friendly. Reasonably priced and BYOB. Recommended.
5	I have been to Alihan's a couple of times and it was FANTASTIC both times.  There doesn't really seem to be a weak point in the restaurant.  The service is attentive and excellent.  The appetizers, entrees, and desserts are consistently high quality and it is clear that they make everything on site.  I have had my share of baklava and it is immediately obvious if someone makes it or buys it.  I can definitely say they make their own at the restaurant which is a sign of the level to which they take the food there.  So far we have tried the mixed grill which was wonderful, the mixed appetizer platter (which could be a wonderful meal in itself) and the iskender kabob which I am still daydreaming about.  Also, every time we have been there, there were many Turkish people there which is always a good sign for a turkish restaurant--if people who have eaten the cuisine all of their lives like it and go back, it must be pretty darn good.
5	The mixed cold appetizer was a yummy explosion that delighted my taste buds!  The atmosphere was beautiful, classy and relaxing.  Everyone from the wait staff to the owner, Alihan, were charming and friendly.
4	I went to Alihan's twice today, once for lunch and again for dinner. While their food is great, I think their service is a bit lacking. The waitresses are not quick to fill up your water, don't let you know that your lunch meal actually comes with a soda, and don't hold the door for you even though one employee is standing by the front entrance attempting to draw in customers. Another thing that bothered me is that I feel their portions are a little small.
5	An unexpected pleasure!  We missed brunch at Gastropub by a couple minutes after 2 on a Sunday and happened on Alihan's where we were pleasantly surprised by the hospitality of the hostess/server, Diana, and by the delicious and reasonably priced fresh Mediterranean Homemade Cuisine.  We started with freshly homemade delicious bread and a mixed cold platter which we three shared.  This was almost a full meal for the three and quite interesting and delicious.  Then we followed with a shared lamb shish kebab with bulgur, also interesting and tasty (the guys had the lamb though, not me.  But I had the bulgur, very good).  We fortunately decided to try the desert which I found out were also homemade like the bread.  These were such high quality, not too sweet and absolutely delicious!  We shared the baklava which was made with pistachios not walnuts, and the cannoli which was stuffed with a ricotta like creamy filling, so delicious.  Thank you Diana for making us welcome in our casual attire to your lovely restaurant!
4	Interesting little restaurant downtown right near the similar cuisine of Christo's. This place makes excellent food, however.  The chicken shish kebab is absolutely wonderful. Dorado is also quite well-done as well.  They serve a wonderful homemade sort of pita bread served with olive oil and crush olives.  When we went, they unfortunately did not have some of the traditional turkish-style desserts so we will definitely have to go back. Turkish coffee is supposedly quite good from dining companions.Some limitations of the place are the somewhat odd-ambience. Outside it's lively and busy, but the restaurant itself was somewhat dead on a weekend night. Surprising considering the quality of the food, which was excellent. Would definitely recommend. Reasons for 4 stars instead of 5 are for the awkward, cheap use of paper table coverings over white tablecloth and slightly sluggish service. Quiet atmosphere and great food are enough to make up for these limitations, however.
4	Came here on a visit to Pittsburgh looking for something fresh and (relatively) healthy after a long day of sightseeing. The very friendly hostess seated us immediately on the patio and returned quickly with water and menus. My daughter (a vegetarian) and I split the cold appetizer combination plate, which had a little bit of everything. Delish! The dish was fresh, attractively presented, with substantial portions, and accompanied by a basket of warm bread. The charred eggplant and the salty feta were outstanding - so good that my daughter ordered a second serving of the eggplant for dessert! The only thing I'd change would be to add a bit more garlic and salt to the hummus.For entrees, I had the lamb shishkebab with bulgur, and my daughter had the vegetarian saute. Both were delicious. The lamb was tender and tasty, and enough for a full meal plus leftovers to take home. The saute, a mix of vegetables in a tomato-based sauce, was flavorful and satisfying. Service throughout was friendly and attentive. We enjoyed it all.The meal wasn't cheap, but we found it well worth the price for good quality and portion sizes. We seriously considered returning the next day for another delicious meal!
4	3.5 stars. This place isn't amazing. Although they were quite accommodating to our large group, Alihan's isn't the best place. It's okay.The hummus and pita are probably the best things here, in addition to the Turkish coffee.I ordered the cold appetizer platter, charred eggplant, and shepherd salad. I enjoyed the appetizer platter. It comes with hummus, tabouleh, eggplant, wrapped grape leaves, and a few other insignificant things (lettuce, tomato, cucumber, sauce, etc.). Don't order the shepherd salad. It's just a bunch of chopped cucumbers, onions, and tomatoes. I was disappointed. The charred eggplant was simply a below-average dip. Perhaps restaurants need to put down in what form or style the food comes in.The waitresses are nice. They are all easy on the eyes, too.
4	I found this place on a whim and I was not disappointed. The service was friendly, the price was fair and the Lamb Meatballs were tasty. Not a bad place to stop in for a bite to eat.
4	Great grilled Seabass and Calamari. No liquor license yet but we brought our own beer and liquor so meal was extra cheap.
4	Pleasantly surprised!   I discovered Alihan's while visiting Pittsburgh for work, and walking around downtown looking for a good lunch spot.   I love Middle Eastern/Mediterranean cuisine, and this place caught my eye.  As I got closer to the entrance, there was a lunch menu posted which incuded 6 lunch specials for $10 each.  There are several meat options to include chicken, lamb, beef, there is also a vegetarian option.  I opted for the Chicken Shish which was accompanied with my choice of wheat bulgur, fries or rice.  I opted for the bulgur.  My choice of soft drink was also included in the special. There was a longer wait for the food than I anticipated, maybe 20 minutes, but once the food arrived, I determined it was well worth the wait.   My meal consisted of 3 large chunks of grilled, well seasoned chicken, placed between 2 halves of delicious flatbread, with a side of shredded lettuce, chopped tomatoes and grilled bell pepper strips.   There was a generous portion of wheat bulgur, which was positively yummy.  I didn't know what to expect, whether the side dish would be hot, cold, seasoned etc.  The dish was served warm with an assortment of veggies and seasoned nicely.   The bulgur was great accompaniment to the other components of the meal.   There was also a side of house made tzatiki sauce.    This was a very good meal and a great value for just $10.  I would definitely return for lunch and would also like to try the more expansive dinner menu, as well.
4	The food and service was excellent. The only negative about this place is that it was 85 degrees in there. I would recommend some ceiling fans at the very least.
4	Whenever my friends and I visit the Cultural District to see a show, there are two questions that are first and foremost in my mind: (1) Are we going to have dinner beforehand? (2) If so, where?  As the resident foodie, the task often falls to me to recommend places and convince my friends to try somewhere more novel than Chipotle or Noodles & Co., even if it's a bit more expensive and takes a bit longer.  I always look for places that are (1) well-reviewed, (2) novel, and (3) within our budget (i.e., $-$$).  Alihan's fit all of those constraints, so I came here with two friends for dinner yesterday before seeing a PSO concert at Heinz Hall up the street. Having reviewed the reviews beforehand, I knew Alihan's was known for their kunefe dessert, so I suggested that we try it, and my friends agreed.  (Note: I rarely order dessert at normal restaurants unless something really piques my interest, since I tend to prefer heading to an ice cream parlor instead.)  Since we were on a somewhat constrained schedule, we ordered the dessert at the same time that we ordered our entrees, which worked out well.  Spoiler alert: The dessert was as great as everyone claimed!  I'd never had kunefe before, but my friends had and they agreed it was good.  I loved the sweet/salty and crunchy/chewy combinations that it contained--it reminded me of shredded wheat with cheese and syrup! If you haven't ever tried this unique and tasty dessert, Alihan's is a great place to do so!For entrees, one friend and I ordered the chicken adana kebob, and my other friend ordered the kofte (meatball) kebob, since Alihan's seems to specialize in kebobs.   According to my one friend who tried both, they were both very good and tasted very different.  (I can only speak for the chicken kebob, since I don't eat red meat.)  The chicken kebob was well-seasoned and savory but not spicy.  I'm guessing it was toned down to adapt to the local palate, since it usually has some heat to it, but I was okay with that since I tolerate spicy food but don't seek it out.  Both dishes came with a side of rice or bulgur, so we ordered the latter, and it was also well-seasoned.  The grilled vegetables were less impressive, but I did like the sauce (lemon vinaigrette?) that they were dressed with.  Portions were quite large, to the point that all of us left some food on our plates (we couldn't take leftovers with us because we were attending a show afterwards, but otherwise, we would have!).Aside from the food, we enjoyed the ambiance, which is more upscale-ish for a moderately priced restaurant (though I'm not sure how I feel about the paper covering the table linens...).  Service was very efficient and professional, which we appreciated given our time constraints.  The Greek restaurant next door would do well to take a page out of their book re: the food, service, and ambiance.  Based on our experience, I'd definitely recommend Alihan's for dinner before a show in the Cultural District, if you're looking for a place to eat downtown!
5	This place is so under-rated.  The food is superb and it's in the heart of the cultural district so it's a great place to eat before or after a performance.
4	Fantastic Place!! Not been disappointed here yet. Great pricing for lunch, fresh food and great flavors. Try the rice pudding- phenomenal!
5	Megan did an outstanding job of not punishing us since we did not BYOB.  Nice glass of chardonnay hit the spot. We also enjoyed the lovely appetizer platter.  The lahne was exceptionally delicious.   The tabbouleh was fresh with a nice light taste. Oh and the bread was the best!!!Great find.
5	Excellent meal there tonight after the theater.   Used to love the Lemon Grass when I lived downtown and was sorry to see it go ( but found it on the Southside) .  Alihan's is a wonderful replacement. Food was terrific, tasty, properly seasoned, well prepared, nicely presented. The owner watched over everything and service was impeccable. Definitely on my list of places to go again !
5	Great place, ambiance, music and friendly staff.Delicious turkist halal food but an expensive one. Price is a bit high but food is high quality. I had Lamb kebab which was very juicy and tasty. You must try Turkish tea which adds more flavor to your stomach. It'll help digest food too.I'll for sure go there and recommend it to anyone who wants to have different and new cuisine to try for a change.
5	Nice and very delicious food. Great Service and very clean. Best place for Lunch in downtown
