3	I got my hair colored here. After a few hours and a lot of paste, it came out great. Had I known how fast the color would lighten up, I would have went a shade darker. This place charged me an extra $15 because I have thick hair and they used more than the normal amount of hair color (lame).
2	Ugh. I don't like Ulta and I am especially annoyed with this location. The layout is terrible and they are always out of everything! Seriously. I went in yesterday looking for Burberry Brit (entirely gone) and their fragrance section looked like a tornado hit it -- boxes and bottles everywhere -- and it was clear they were not in the middle of restocking the shelves. The service is better here than the one in North Scottsdale meaning I asked for help looking for an item and actually received help -- but the layout is enough to keep me away. Too bad it's so close to my house.
2	Not a great location.  The selection of fragrances is sadly lacking and the customer service is sketchy at best.  The layout is chaotic and other than the fact that it's a pretty clean store, not memorable in anyway. (Except for the lack of selection!)  Slow check out as well!
2	Makeup staff is rude.
5	The 5 stars is for my regular stylist, Sarah. She's warm, pleasant, remembers details about my personal life, and ALWAYS does a fantastic job on my cut and my highlights. I even let her chop about 10 inches off last October, and she made me love even that. If you are looking for a new stylist in the area, I highly recommend her! Unfortunately, my accolades for Ulta end with Sarah. I made the grave mistake of going to see someone else at the salon one day when I was having a hair emergency and Sarah couldn't squeeze me in. First of all, they booked me with a "master stylist" and failed to mention that I would be charged significantly more for her services. That's a MAJOR no-no in my book; I don't mind ponying up the extra cash, but I'd like to be made aware that I'm about to do it. Second of all, this "master stylist" charged me $25 for a toning treatment that I didn't ask for, nor was I consulted about it; yes, I typically do get toner in my hair after my highlights, but I have never, to my knowledge, been charged $25 for it. Maybe this is me just being silly, but if I stylist does something to my hair without asking if I want it done, I automatically assume said thing is included in the cost of the treatment. Silly me. And finally, this "master stylist" did a mediocre job at best - nowhere near the quality I've come to expect from Sarah. My cut was pretty blah from the get-go, and just continued to get worse and worse as I neared the time for my next salon visit. Even my highlights just seemed dull and faded - they looked months old by week #2. If this experience had been my first at the salon, I would have made this a thoroughly ONE star review and would never have returned. As it stands, I guess I learned my lesson & will stick with my Sarah from this point forward, no matter how long I have to wait for an appointment :)P.S. You'll have to excuse the somewhat excessive use of quotation marks around "master stylist' in my second paragraph... I just can't bring myself to truly refer to a stylist that did such a lackluster job as a "master" anything.
1	I still love Sarah, and will continue to go to Ulta ONLY because she's there. But I am SO irritated and upset with this company and store that I need to amend my previous review. To make a long story short, I said yes to the offer of a short-lived "free" magazine subscription at checkout. Yeah yeah, I know nothing in life is free, so I clarified several times to make sure that free meant free. I was assured it did. Naive me. Imagine my surprise when, a few months after, I have a charge on my card for $20.00 from Allure magazine. After a call with Allure's customer service, I discovered that Ulta had SHARED MY CARD INFO with an outside party (Allure), totally and completely without my permission. Allure was charging me for my for the subscription that Ulta had given me "free", and was able to so so because Ulta had shared my bank information with them. Absolutely unacceptable. Let's be honest, Sephora is a far superior store/company in every way anyway, but I visited Ulta because it was significantly closer to my house. Oh well, though... I will be visiting Ulta ONLY for the salon & will be paying ONLY in cash, as it's clear this company cannot be trusted with your personal information.
5	Love Tricia in the salon. Does a great job on my long hair. Pleasant, professional and fun.
4	Yes, they accepted my online coupon not listed on the Utla Website.  I will continue to shop here whenever I'm in the area.
1	I was not thrilled with my recent salon experience at Ulta. I have been to the salon there a few times, and each time has been progressively worse. This was my last one. I scheduled an appointment with Jen for a haircut. I had never used her before, but she had a time slot open during my schedule so I took it. I was trying something new, and getting bangs. I showed pictures, and was pretty clear in what I wanted - which was long, side swept bangs and long layers. That is not what I got. My bangs were cut too short, so now I have bangs straight across and not side swept. I was told because my hair is not damaged (I've never dyed it) my hair won't look like the pictures I showed, or stay in the position I want. Too bad I was told this after my hair was already cut. When I asked her to try to fix it, she told me to "go home and play with it" and pretty much ushered me out the door. I thought I was paying the experienced hair dresser at the salon to "play with it"... but hair grows back, andI'll be looking for a new place to cut it when it does.
1	I went to Ulta salon because I wanted a cheaper decent haircut.  I got one of the worst haircuts I have ever received.  My layers were terrible and when I got home I noticed my bangs weren't even trimmed properly.  I think cost cutters would have done a better job.  The stylist Tricia even stated that straight hair shows every mistake.  Wow was she right.  Too many layers on the right, on the left it looked ok.  I will never go back.  Stick with more experienced stylists at a more established salon with good reviews.
1	I had a 20% off online coupon to ULTA and they would not honor it.. they told me to go buy it online!! Not only that I walked around the store for my first time checking this store out and not one person asked if I needed help or even said Hello... I will be happy to spend money elsewhere.
