5	The Pool Steward is awesome!  I refer Gerald to all of my clients with pools and they are always very thankful for the information and service   he provides.  Most knowledgeable pool guy I have ever met!!
5	I've used Gerald Sanchez, The Pool Steward, since I purchased a new home with a pool. I never owned a pool before, so I didn't understand what needed to happen in order to get my new pool "up to par" and maintained the right way. The Pool Steward educated me on how to maintain my pool and took care of all my problems. He was very knowledgeable and very capable. I would recommend the Pool Steward to everyone I know with a pool. He really cares about each pool, as if it were his own.
5	Gerald Sanchez goes above and beyond in providing the best pool service available.  Gerald provides attention to detail and does the job the right way, no matter what is involved.  He treats your pool as if it were his own, and definitely leaves it in better shape than even before you had a problem.
5	I have had a pool for twenty years and had many people service the pool. Gerald, The Pool Stewart is by far the best pool service I have had. He bought the route that contained my pool and since then my pool has always sparkled. His knowledge of the chemistry that keeps a pool clear and sparkling is second to none. He also takes the time to answer any questions I have.  Any mechanical problems that occur are fixed quickly and economically.  Now Gerald has become my trusted pool adviser.  If you have a pool, trust it to Gerald the Pool Stewart. To Quote an old commercial....Try it you'll like it.
5	I love Gerald and the team at Pool Steward. They are friendly, knowledgable and all around a wonderful company to work with.Gerald takes the time to make sure the chemicals are perfectly balanced; he doesn't just throw chlorine in the water to shock it! For the level of service he provides, I'm amazed at how competitive his rates are because I think he goes above and beyond. I have referred him to dozens of friends, family members and clients and they all love him! I never thought I'd sing the praises of a pool guy but he is just so professional that I had to take a minute to give a review.
5	Gerald and his crew are awesome.  Over the years we have had 5 or 6 guys and The Pool Steward is the best by far.  They charge a reasonable monthly fee and do a great job.  Normally that is what I expect and I wouldn't be writing a review.  Before I hired them, I took my green water to Leslies who told me I needed to drain my pool, which I had just done less than a year ago.  I called Gerald and he came out and put in a device called PoolRX and it cleared up my pool in 2 days.  I have never had cleaner water and now we enjoy our pool a ton more.
5	If it were possible to give 10 stars I would. Gerald Sanchez (The Pool Steward) is the most knowledgeable tradesmen I have ever had the pleasure to do business with. Gerald Sanchez is not just a pool specialist, he is a chemist who knows water better than anyone in the business. He has succeeded where many before him have failed. Before you go to your local pool store and buy a bunch of chemicals based on an analysis of your water, call Gerald Sanchez (The Pool Steward), he will be your pool-man for life.********** TEN STARS FOR GERALD
5	The Pool Steward is an outstanding pool company. They stand by their word for what day they will service your pool, what is done during the service, and with the pricing. I can count on them to show up and provide wonderful pool care for my HOA pool. It took awhile for the HOA Board to switch pool companies, but once we did, the entire community noticed a difference in the pool and how clean it was every week. Thank you to the Pool Steward for your trustworthy service you provide.
5	Our pool has never looked better! Gerald is absolutely the best pool guy we've ever had. Reliable, conscientious, knowledgeable and reasonably priced. I especially appreciate how honest and fair he is when it comes to repairs. If you live in his service area you would crazy not to hire this guy!
1	I've left 2 voice messages over the last week and have not gotten a call back. I'm completely unimpressed especially after reading these good reviews. It's unprofessional to not call a client back. If you don't want my business, that's all you need to say. I'll be happy to change my review if I get a call back and some repairs done.
5	Gerald and his team are fantastic. They are caring and put their all into everything they do. You can count on them to get your pool clean, be on time and be true professionals!
5	So far so good!  Gerald came out last week to look at our pool and give an estimate for service.  He was courteous and professional as well as very knowledgeable.  Today was our first service and Herman came to the door to introduce himself before starting.  I've never in all my years of pools been greeted by the technician.  He was very friendly and professional.  So far we are very happy with their service!
5	I have referred the Pool Stewards to many of my friends and family and ALL of them are thrilled with the service, knowledge, and level of professionalism that the Pool Steward provides.  Thanks Pool Steward!
5	Oh My Gosh! I'm amazed and want to give Larry and Gerald 100 stars. I had no idea what was wrong with my pump or filter and The Pool Steward was recommended to me. They came out, on time, and spent an hour diagnosing and watching what was going on. Then, undercharged me! I insisted on paying them more. Absolutely 1000%  recommend The Pool Steward. Penny McGinn
5	I'm not just a customer of The Pool Steward, I am a fan. There level of service whether it is my weekly cleaning or a repair is nothing less than great. Herman always keeps the pool crystal clear. I wish all the company's I use would provide this level of service. I hope you give them the opportunity to serve you.Regards,Wayne
5	Gerald did a great job. Honest and fair and very knowledgeable.  He was immediately available to come by and help me with all of my issues.  Additionally, he gave me advice on how to deal with future problems and issues as they arise.
5	Its tough to find a pool guy that you feel good about after he's done.  My experience has shown that there are plenty of companies that say one thing and do a lot different.  And it always seems to affect my wallet at the end of the day.  But no with Gerald.My pool looks wonderful and his pricing was fantastic.  He is personable and professional.  And it seems as though his integrity is a rare find the pool business.  He credited me for something that I wouldn't have even known about.Gerald is my pool guy from here on out.  He should be yours too.
1	Doesn't return calls. Not a huge deal, but doesn't rate five stars on yelp either.
5	These guys are great. They are professional, knowledgable and more than fair. I was very impressed! I had a problem with our pool filter and he took his time explaining. He knew his stuff and took care of the problem. The price was very fair! All these reviews are spot on.     Sharon Riggs
5	I am a first time pool owner. I was impressed on the pricing compared to other quotes I received.  I was educated on my equipment and on the chemicals (of which I knew nothing about). The Pool Steward has these great reviews for a reason.... great service!  I would highly recommend.  Thank you Gerald! My pool still looks sparkling clean and I have had no problems maintaining it.
5	I will use this company again in a heartbeat! Gerald was great. The guys who came out and did the repairs were friendly and knowledgeable. They helped me find a way to keep the cost down. A+ Service!
