4	I've had my lip pierced for 6.5 years, and decided to finally change things up a bit and change from a hoop to a stud. My original plan was just to price the jewelry and think about it, but after entering the shop my sense of impulse kicked in and I decided to just go for it (after all, I was just changing jewelry, not getting anything permanent (or even semi-permanent) done. One of the piercers, Myke, was at the counter, and was happy to answer my questions and change my jewelry for me (only $3, most places are $5). He asked me where I got my piercing (Infinite in Philadelphia), and actually was familiar with it, which was a nice coincidence. Myke was incredibly nice, friendly, and didn't make me feel like an incompetent jerk for having him change out my jewelry. Should I decide to add any more holes to my head, I would definitely let him wield the needle.On a more general note, Blue Lotus is clean, sterile, nicely decorated, and plays non-grating music at a reasonable volume (all things I look for when people are going to be coming at me with needles or clamps).
4	I went here to get my nose pierced and couldn't have had a better experience. The guy that did the piercing was so friendly and let me know what was happening every step of the way. He provided loads of information and appreciated all of my questions, never once did I feel dumb for asking anything.The space is very clean and the guy I saw let me know about certain health codes and laws that they follow (which other places often do not). I like the little private rooms and the general chill vibe about the place.After the piercing was done, I was handed a bowl of candy and the piercer sat and chat with me for awhile before letting me leave to make sure that I was feeling okay and was happy with my piercing.I was sent home with a helpful list of directions on how to take care of my piercing and was encouraged to call with any questions or stop in any time for any sort of reason.
5	Johnkid is the best. Couldn't ask for a more professional, decent, talented artist. I've since moved from the area, but I'd drive back just for him. Wouldn't trust anyone else with a needle!
1	This place has horrible service. No matter who we talk to, they're a douche. I almost got my tongue pierced here. Thankfully I forgot my ID at home and had to go else where. I've been back a couple times with my boyfriend, giving it another chance. My boyfriend got a PA from Marcus before he left. We went here to ask about a less painful piece of jewelry for intercourse. The guy actually told us, "Women hate it. Take it out." Really? If you're going to act like that, get out of the business. We went to Danny Funwrecker and he told us about a much gentler piece. A year later and my boyfriend still has it and it's amazing. Do yourself a favor and go some where else.
5	Being a high school student, I was definitely familiar with the name "Blue Lotus."  I live on the West side of Madison, and Blue Lotus is the place that all of the students at a my school go for tattoos and piercings.  After hearing great things from fellow students, I decided to drop in to get my ears pierced. I had had my ears pierced previously, but they closed up because I never wore earrings.  It was too much of a hassle to bring my mommy in with me to get a simple piercing, so I waited until I was 18 to get the piercing done.  I went in on my birthday and upon seeing my ID, the guy at the counter wished me "happy birthday."  I know that's not a big deal, but it definitely created a good vibe and little things like that in a skeptical situation can make a big difference.  There were people still waiting to get their piercings done, so I had to wait a bit before I was shown the jewelry.  After I picked my earrings out, I had to wait even longer to be escorted into a room.  I'd say overall, the wait time was probably about an hour.  I don't think that's Blue Lotus's fault, though.  It was busy, and people had appointments, and I did not.  Eventually I was taken back into a room by Myke.  He was very kind and thorough in explaining to me what was going to be done and making sure that I knew how clean the whole process was.  He washed his hands and changed his gloves numerous times and even though I'm a bit crazy about germs, I felt completely comfortable.  I turned out that my hole hadn't completely closed up, and Myke was able to just insert something through my ear the opened the hole back up.  There was a bit of pain, but nothing bad by any means.  I'm very afraid of needles, so I began to get dizzy when the first ear was done.  He kept asking me if I was okay throughout the entire process, and when I told him I was dizzy, he was extremely understanding and finished the other ear with my lying down.  After the piercings were done, he had me check in the mirror and explained to me the steps to take in the weeks to come.I didn't get a tattoo or a major piercing, but I can testify that the Blue Lotus staff, especially Myke, is professional, kind, and extremely careful about cleanliness and sanitation.  I would recommend Blue Lotus to anyone!Ear piercings at Blue Lotus cost $15, but mine was only $5 because it was just reopening a previous piercing.  My earrings were Neometal with CZ and set me back $60.  It seemed a bit pricey, but I really can't judge because I haven't compared the price to other places around Madison.
2	Myke the piercer is the coolest cat in that place otherwise everyone else is really into themselves and their work...or actually not work but money bc work would entail caring about the client. Jesse tattooed me twice, both small pieces, both really great prices but he was so rude and unpleasant I will never return or suggest anyone else go there even if it is one of the cleaner studios in madison. Don't go to downtown either they way over charge
5	Got a nice little tattoo from Jesse. He did an excellent job AND charged a little amount! Everything in the shop is really clean, and they take pride in their work. I am super stoked on my tattoo, and If I lived here I would definitely be going back!
4	High quality work, friendly staff and reasonable prices...can't beat that combination!
5	Myke is a fantastic piercer! In the body mod industry you too often find artists who are bossy about their craft...like, yes, I know clients often ask for totally absurd things, but I appreciate being checked in with on all aspects of the mod and not being condescended to just because I'm not filled with metal. He showed me a range of jewelry styles/gauges before piercing, and after the piercing (16g circular barbell in my septum) he showed me how to flip it up and adjusted the width so I could do so comfortably. He also talked me through my options for when it came time to switch out the starter jewelry. My nose was mostly healed in a week, totally healed in a month, and it looks great--totally even, perfect placement. All my friends & coworkers go to him, and it's for a reason! Would absolutely recommend going to Myke for your piercing needs.Only (tiny) drawback...they don't supply little sea salt baggies for aftercare or complimentary replacement beads. Yeah, yeah, I can buy that myself, but it's a nice touch I've appreciated from other parlors. (I actually ended up losing a bead when I was in Chicago, and the first parlor I walked into hooked me up with a new one for free...and I wasn't even a client!)
2	I met with Jake to discuss my plans for a tattoo. He was rude and acted like I was inconveniencing him just being there. I've heard the quality of work here is good but I can't get past the poor customer service so I won't be coming back.
