4	I fell in love with Penzey's in Columbus and was pleased to find the Pittsburgh location is well-stocked, fairly large, and has very friendly employees.Penzey's is a national spice company with 40 stores and an excellent website.  Every spice you could possibly want is here, reasonably priced, and available in a variety of sizes.  I started going here to get spices for Indian dishes and just keep coming back.  They make their own spice blends, and a number of them are salt-free for anyone who is concerned about their blood pressure.  They have all their spices in little jars so you can smell them before buying, and as a result the whole store smells delicious.  They also sell a lot of different gift boxes - a perfect wedding or housewarming gift for a foodie friend.Today we got a huge jar of their hot chocolate mix, whole black peppercorns, a big bag of bay leaves, turmeric, cumin seeds, and coriander - total $20.26.  A lot of their spices come in bags so you can just refill the jars you already have - and their jars are very sturdy.If you like cooking or baking, definitely get yourself to Penzey's.
4	This is a great place.  Everything Emily H. said in the review below mine is completely true.  The spices here are much cheaper and higher in quality than grocery-store spices.  Probably my favorite things from here are:1) Double-strength vanilla extract.  The vanilla extract has the vanilla bean still sitting in the bottle, which is cute, and the vanilla really is extremely strong.  You could use half as much, if you wanted, but I usually just use the same amount and my baked goods taste extra vanilla-y and delicious.2) Cinnamon.  They have several different varieties of cinnamon, but it's definitely worth it to get the extra-strong, extra-sweet Vietnamese cinnamon.  It makes things taste way better.3) Turmeric.  I know, it sounds weird.   But I cook a lot of Indian food and I use a lot of turmeric.  Penzey's is super-strong, with a really rich color and nice flavor.The spice blends are almost all good, too, and they have a really good selection of dried chili peppers.
4	Yes, it's a chain.  But since there's virtually no competition on "spice shop", it's awesome all around.They have the freshest, best quality spices I've ever seen sold.  Their mixed spices and marinades are great.  Everything has a sample jar available so you can smell it.  Only gripe is that for some things - cumin, for example - the local ethnic food shops have it just as fresh, at 1/5th the cost.
5	I don't care if its a chain, if loving Penzey's is wrong, then I never want to be right.  This store has provided me fragrant cardamon, the best dutch cocoa I've worked with, the ability to make homemade mustard, and the first stop for most foodies that come to visit us in the city. Everything is priced well, often far better then at the supermarket, the jars are perfect sizes for most spice racks, and its super high quality.
5	I wish there was a Penzey's in Seattle. The place has hundreds of different spices, arranged over a wide, homey-feeling store. Going in gives me happy tingles in my stomach that go up and spread all over. It motivates me to buy whatever I can get my hands on and start cooking. (...that is, if we had a car to get to The Strip. The Port Authority rides totally curb the enthusiasm.)The peeps are nice, the prices alright, and the selection heavenly. (And, yes, I love that one of their display cases happens to be on a kitchen-cupboard-over-sink setup.)
5	Like cooking?  Spice much?  I haven't found an equal for Penzey's spices.  Good things cost alittle money yes, its not cheap.  But if you like making good food your not going to care if your spices cost you a little extra.  I hadn't realized it was even a chain until I saw one in Wisconsin.  Apparently there is also one in Oregon (I find as I write my review).  Regardless take your imagination and hunger with you and go get yourself some world class spice.  There are so many spices there I can't image you could possibly walk out without what you want.
5	Excellent selection of spices, great staff, awesome location.  This is a must stop on The Strip.  There were definitely more than a few things I wanted to purchase in this store.  Can't wait to head back!
5	While on a trip to Pittsuburgh, we stopped into this store while walking around the Strip District.  Now, I love to cook, so it was essentially like Disney World in here.The store was laid out very well, and it is very easy to find anything you might be looking for.  I think my favorite part was that they had a sample of just about everything in a jar that you could smell.  I'd much rather buy a spice that I could essentially sample than take my chances on a grocery store stocked brand.  Needless to say, we walked out of there with quite a few goodies.The staff at the store was great to talk to and really knew their stuff.  From talking to one of them, it sounds like they mostly hire cooks, which is really nice.If I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd probably make this my one-stop spice shop, but I don't.  I need to find some place like this in Cleveland.  Any suggestions?
5	What a delight!To a couple of curious cooks, this store was such an incredible find. While taking a morning stroll through the Strip District on a trip to Pittsburgh, we stumbled across this little gem. The spices were arranged alphabetically, with small jars by each variety for you to open and smell. It was a culinary playground, and it was difficult not to scoop up armfuls of spices to take home.The staff was friendly and good at answering our questions about the uses for the rarer spices. Our friend asked whether the store owners trained everybody to know all of the spices and their uses, and the cashier replied, "No. They just hire good cooks."I bought the largest bag of Dutch Process cocoa I could find. We also walked away with whole peppercorns (a rare variety we had never seen before, but were completely sold on once we smelled it), and Smoked Paprika. I wish I had a Penzey's down the street, as I would give them all of my business in the future. The store was adorably decorated, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable, and the spices wonderfully presented and arranged.I can't wait to get cooking!
4	Wow! This place is cool. I've been receiving the Penzey's catalogs, but wasn't sure about ordering their spices (we don't have a Penzey's store in Alaska), so when I knew we would be in Pittsburgh I made a plan to stop here, and then loaded up on spices I wanted to try. The catalog describes the spices so well, and has several recipes so I had a list of things to get when I went in.The store is well lit, nicely arranged and easy to navigate. The staff were very friendly & helpful (even for directions to the next place I was going). While I was browsing I came across several other spices I just HAD to have. They have a large variety of pretty much anything you could want, and then some. The spices come in several different sized glass jars (small ones are great for trying a new to you spice), and they also offer empty glass jars for sale in several sizes. Now that I am home I'm anxious to break out my new spices and get to baking.
5	I.  Love.  Penzeys.People - once you shop here, you will never buy spices at a Giant Eagle again.  Penzeys spices are:1. Fresher.2. Cheaper.3. Unique-r.Their spices haven't been chilling out in a storeroom for weeks before you buy them.  The prices are WAAAAAY more fair - you easily pay twice or three times as much at another grocery store, for more poor quality.Also - their selection is unparalleled.  Got a recipe with some bizarro spices in it?  Where (you ask) will I find annatto seed?  herbes de provence?  fenugreek?  You will find it at Penzeys.They also have great spice blends - just used their original Taco Seasoning last night to make enchiladas, and they had such a beautiful, authentic flavor.It's a don't-miss on the Strip.  You can order online too, if you aren't able to make it in person!
4	Love, love, love my Penzey's spices!  I've gotten hooked on Vietnamese Cinnamon, Mexican vanilla, FRESH and BIG bay leaves, ancho chile power, chipotle chile powder, dried chiles of all types and spice blends that I would never have imagined before Penzey's.  Best of all, opening the sample jars and taking a good deep whiff of all those heavenly smells is a treat in itself.Before Penzey's first landed in Squirrel Hill,  I'd get the catalog, peruse and ponder what to buy, what to buy...send in my order with a check and anxiously watch the mail.  Okay, that was back PRE-internet and ordering online.  Sounds almost Neanderthal! We are SO lucky to be one of the few cities across the country to have a store right here.  And thank goodness it moved to the Strip District.  Yes, there are cheaper herbs and spices in the strip....and I do buy my granulated garlic at PennMac and my anise and star anise at Stamooli's.  Penzey's spices aren't expensive, but they do cost a little more....quality is worth it.  Heading there Thursday....I'm giddy to walk in the front door and breathe deeply!
3	I think a lot of people mentioned a lot about the great qualities of this store but during my recent trip to the strip, I really wanted to see the extent of spices this store actually carried.  I come from very traditional home where my mother and grandmother pride themselves on their spice collections and how they use them throughout their cooking.  So I thought lets see what this place has to offer.The beauty of this place: the service, the selection, the organization.The service is great because the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  they were willing to help me find everything i was looking for as well as help me with the types of spices i could use in different recipes.  The selection was vast, but by the far the best thing about this place is how they organize the spices by geographic locations.  This makes searching and just browsing a lot easier and more fun.  I found some spices from India that I did not know about.  Overall: this place is great to find that one or two spices that you like and cannot find other places or use on special occasions.
4	Yes, Penzeys has locations all over the country, and not just in Pittsburgh. But this particular location is just wonderful--it's spacious and the atmosphere always seems calm, a nice respite from how claustrophic Penn Ave can get on the weekends.  (Visit the Penzeys location in NYC's Grand Central Terminal--it doesn't have the same vibe at all.)Let me be blunt: I like smelling things. The nose knows. So I love that Penzeys has sample jars of every single spice and flavored extract. The store is always neat and well-organized, the staff friendly and helpful. And when it's summer and you're as hot as Hades, the store is always delightfully cool.You can even buy gift sets of spices for any cooks/bakers in your life. (Hint, hint? No? It was worth a try.)
4	Good spices.When you walk in, you are saturated with a wonderful spicy aroma.Some different rubs, blends and spices for cooking or BBQing.Some nice flavors to add to seafoods and meats. Can get expensive, so be careful.Did I say, "The store smells great"!  They have small covered bowls with spices so you can smell them.   They had a little teachers gift box with a bumper sticker stating, "Teachers Care"..nice idea.
5	This is one of my favorite shops to hit up when I'm walking the Strip.I was initially hesitant to go to Penzeys because the storefront looks so upscale I thought I would never be able to afford anything they sell.  Boy, was I wrong.  Their prices are CHEAPER than Giant Eagle and they have a MUCH better variety.  Not to mention that they are fresher and local.  Oh, and if you sign up for their mailing list, they'll send you coupons -- I've gotten several for FREE 1/2 cup sized jars of spices!  The coupons come attached to a catalog that is packed with delicious recipes -- we've tried four or five and they don't disappoint.Inside the store, almost every shelf has a covered container of spice so that you can smell them yourself before purchasing, so Penzeys always smells good.  And the selection of spices is A-MAZING.  I've never seen anything quite like it.  So many different varieties of common spices, and LOTS of uncommon ones.They have a great baking section, so if you enjoy baking as much as I do, you can find all sorts of flavorings and extracts and specialty sugars and cocoas here. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly, too -- so don't be afraid to ask a question!
5	Love love love this place! My new go to place for spices, fresh, variety, and cheap! The staff was super helpful and i got a bag full (more than 10 different ones) for under $30!
4	Huge selection of spices. Sample jars are sitting out so you can smell what you're getting. If you buy in their bulk bags and you get twice as much for a lower price. We've sampled our chipotle pepper spice that we got here and I find myself using it on everything.
4	Great Spices, The knowledge of the staff is out of this world and they can answer a lot of my of the wall cooking questions. If you are in need of spices you can definitely find the high quality cooking spices at a reasonable price. And finish your mong pancake before entering. Oww.
4	Had a huge variety of spices and the store smelled amazing. There is a large old photo of the city displayed along the wall of the new expansion and while on a tour of the Strip District, our guide explained to us that the photo had been uncovered while they were making the addition.
5	You want a spice, they got it. Along with some blends. Try their Chili spices.
4	I ventured into Penzeys on Saturday during an excursion to the Strip..OMG I'm in love.  Since I love to cook, I enjoy a better quality of spices.  They had everything that I could imagine, and the staff is knowledgeable & friendly!!! This will be the only place I shop for spices from this day forward!!!
5	I'm a spicy kind of guy in general. I love bold, intense, exotic spices. Those aren't the kind you find on typical grocery store shelves. That poses a dilemma perhaps? But wait!! Penzey's to the rescue!! Talk about a stroll through the spice markets around the world, the aromas of some of nature's finest herbs hitting you in the face as you lift the lids of the remarkable sample jars. Man, this is good. They have everything. Things I never heard of and variations of typical spices. We just picked up some jerk pork spice and some strong black peppercorns since I am a black pepper lover. It's not your McCormick spice container for sure. If that's what you want, head to Walmart. If you want to walk on the wild side for a bit, come to penzey's. And buckle up.
5	I needed a gift for a foodie, but didn't find anything at the kitchen supply store next door, so I came in to Penzey's. What I love about the store is that they know nothing could be more boring to kids than a spice store. So they give them a nautical themes coloring station so mom or dad can search the great selection. My son hunkered down while I scanned for acceptable presents. I was correct in coming here. Penzey's sells pre-made gift boxes of spices in several sizes and price ranges. I ended up buying my friend a "kind" box for 13.95 itHas 4 different Penzey's blends in it,but wait there's more! Someone put a coupon at the mug display , for a free matching mug (8.95). I scooped up the mug too. You can also choose your own spices for the boxes.
4	I don't know if I can add much to all of the glowing reviews of this place. It's quite obvious that this is THE place to go for all of your spicing needs. Although it's a one-trick pony, the quality of everything from my experience is usually spectacular. And you simply can't beat the amazing smell of blended goodness every time you walk into the store... Try one of the variety packs/boxes for gifts (although some of them can be a bit pricey): it's a sure bet that the recipient will absolutely love it (and you). This store is just another reason why shopping in the Strip on a weekend day is a pleasure.
3	I like the spice selection here but not enough to warrant a store that exclusively sells spices. To start, the prices are pretty high, even for the bulk items. I can't say the I noticed a substantial increase in the quality of spices with the prices.Next, stores was a bit confusing to navigate. Parts seem to be organized alphabetically whole others were organized by style.Lastly, for a store that only sells spices, I couldn't find a couple of things I was looking for such as cardamom, tarragon, madras curry, and hot ground peppers (e.g. Habanero). I was expecting Penzey's to be exhaustive.
5	I'm not sure if I my favorite part is getting to smell 5 different cinnamons to find my favorite, or the MSG-free spice blends, or the free spice coupons I get on their catalog.  I just love visiting the store, smelling the different herbs and spices and I love that the spices don't have the slilcone dioxide or free-flowing agents, that they're just good, plain spices.  It's always a real treat to visit, and I always ask my in-laws what they want and the answer is pretty consistent:  "Everything"
5	P.S.  If you order from the catalog they always throw in a sample or two for free - and the coupons are excellent!
5	Hands down my favorite place in the Strip.  It smells amazing, but what you make with these spices will taste even more amazing, I guarantee it.  They can get a little pricey, but you are paying for good, high-quality ingredients.Staples are: bottles of the vanilla and almond extracts - if you get the double-strength vanilla, you can cut the called-for amount in half and still have the full flavor.  The Dutch-process cocoa powder makes anything chocolate that much better.  Ceylon cinnamon.  Krakow nights seasoning.  Peppercorn of any kind.  And the soup starters.I doubt I can add much value to what's already been said.  If you're looking for a particular spice, extract, dried herb, etc, chances are, they have it.  They also have pre-made gift sets, make your own sets, and empty Penzeys-style jars available.
5	You're looking for that extra spice to make your lamb, chicken, beef, pork, turkey, etc... taste extraordinary and you just don't know where to find it. Oh, what should you do?  Go to Penzey's Spices in the Strip District!  I hve purchased different foods in the Strip and then decided that I wanted to make something special, but didn't have a direction.  After arriving at Penzey's, not only did I have a direction, I was driven to become "Chef Extraordinaire"!  Their spices are wonderful and well priced, especially if you purchase the plastic/cellophane bags of spices and then buy empty containers from the dollar store to fill.  The freshness of the spices is also amazballs and everyone that I have given the spices to as presents have truly enjoyed their gifts.  Also, make sure that you sign up for their mailing list.  Not only wll you receive a monthly Penzey's catalog booklet with recipes included, they will also include coupons for free or significantly discounted spices.  Via coupons for free spices, I have been introduced to spice blends that I would have never purchased on my own that I am now addicted to.Yay Penzey's!
1	If you are in the Strip and you can't find a better place to buy spices than Penzeys, you gotta be one of the walking dead.  Penzeys prices are inflated and their quality is no better than numerous other purveyors in the Strip.  And, perhaps the worst thing for foodstuffs that have a very short shelf life, Penzeys does not stamp a date on their products.  The store manager can't even decipher the cryptic code on the items, but she will assure you that the goods have an 18 month shelf life.  The question is, when did the 18 months begin?Anyway, if someone who deals in spices tells you ANY spice (except salt) is good for 18 months once it has been ground, ignore them and go elsewhere.  There are other purveyors in the Strip that have been faithfully serving customers for decades upon decades.
4	I love, love, love to cook and try new spices and recipes.  Penzeys has just about everything you need to spice up your dishes.  The 1st time entered the store, I was amazed at how their spices seems so much for intense/bright/deliciously scented.  I got hooked on their course ground pepper which is mildly spicy but rich in flavor; it is so tasty, regular pepper is a joke to me now.  They also carry this amazing Malabar Pepper; it has a much deeper pepper flavor and it is one of my staples in cooking.  They have amazing blends too.  I am a fan of Indian spices and curry and they have many choices in that category.  I think it would be easier to list what they don't carry then what they have.  Get their catalog and if you order online they have many deals and give free samples.  I urge you to get their own PEPPER, it comes in many grinds and whole, I'm sure you will forego boring regular pepper as soon as you give theirs a try.
5	Penzey's has a great selection of difficult to find spices, and they have a knowledgeable staff who can help you find what you need.  They are, however, fairly pricey - you're definitely paying extra for the selection and quality they've got.  Unless you're loaded or a ridiculous food snob I would come here for special hard to find items (like berbere, mahlab, or Aleppo pepper), or super high quality regular spices (like cinnamon etc) for very special occasions.
