3	First to review!I've been passing by this Checker's for months waiting for it to be built so I could try it out.  I know we have one out there around Boulder Highway but I never seem to get out to that part of town often.  Going to these fast food joints for a first time, I generally like to try the basics on the menu.  Chances are if you can handle the basics effectively, the rest of your menu should be OK.  With Checker's I was just passing through, so all I ordered was two All-American Cheeseburgers from their value menu for $1 each.  It is their grand opening, and this Checker's was pretty packed.  There were folks filling the dining room and the drive thru was full.  There was noise everywhere behind the counter, fries being dropped, orders being mistaken.  Very likely for workers still trying to get the menu items down since it's all new, so I had no issues with errors this time around.  They just need some time to settle in.My order was quick and easy to make, so I was in and out of Checker's in no time.  Service was friendly and quick, and the counter layout is very similar to those of other fast food joints like McDonald's, Burger King, and Carl's Jr.What is the most different on Checker's menu and what makes them stand out is their wing menu.  Yep, orders of chicken wings!  I can see why the place is popular and has a bit of a cult status around these parts of town.  You can get a burger, and some wings all at the same place.  No other fast food giant can offer this currently with lots of success.  Not just plain ol' wings either, Checker's 'Crazy Good Wings' have flavor options:-Buffalo-Honey BBQ-Asian Kick (hiya!)-Angry Buffalo-Garlic ParmesanThe orders I did see go out of the kitchen looked pretty appetizing.  I may have to try an order the next time I'm around.  Tasty.Checker's menu is a cross between McDonald's, Burger King, and Sonic's.  You can get your cheeseburgers, bacon cheeseburgers, chicken sandwiches, and fish sandwiches.  But you can also get grilled hot dogs, cheese sticks (which Checker's calls 'Monsterella Stix', and chili cheese fries.  Their fries aren't of the regular tater either, looks like they are seasoned somehow but they do look good.  Another plus, Coca-Cola products!  If you can serve me Coke then you have a star in my book.Back to my plain All-American Cheeseburgers?  Pretty basic, but they were pretty good.  Actually better than a McDonald's cheeseburger in my opinion.  I like the sesame seed bun, burger (which I think is flame broiled), cheese, pickle, mustard, and ketchup.  It was very similar to the Burger King cheeseburger which I like very much.  Only thing I would change would maybe be more pickle, add some mayo.  It looks like I will probably be back to try something else.Checker's...now with TWO locations in town!
5	WONDERFUL!  I've been waiting for them to build another location somewhere in Las Vegas...hopefully closer to where I lived.  I moved up to this side of town and a week after I did this one open...what a wonderful house-warming gift!  This is the first restaurant I have seen in this franchise with an in-house dining area so it's nice.  nothing fancy whatsoever, but nice to not have to sit outside in the blistering heat during the summer or deal with the pigeons tryna swoop in and steal my delicious fries.
3	I spotted this place on a drive-by the other day and started salivating. I used to hit the location on the east side as often as I could. Love those fries! Went in with a group from work and we were promptly greeted by a friendly staff. Order was out relatively quick, but wasn't quite as good as I was anticipating. Good, but not great. Maybe they are still working out the kinks. We dined in, which was a first for me at a Checker's or Rally's. That in itself is enough to keep me coming back. I will return.
4	This Checkers location is new to the area having only been open a few weeks at the time of this review.  It did not take me long to get there to give it a try though I did allow for the few weeks to pass giving the staff a chance to work out any glitches to their processs.  On my first of what will likely be many visits over the foreseeable future I went with my co-workers.  My boss ordered a BLT and the Baconzilla Fries.  The fries did not last long as she went hog wild on the cheesey bacon topped goodness.  The BLT, however, is still waiting for her.  Not because it is bad but because the fries were so good and so filling.  A different co-worker ordered the heart attack special with a side of all around good badness.  She got the Bacon Roadhouse Burger hold the BBQ sauce, a small order of seasoned fries and the Monsterella Cheese Sticks (fried mozarella).  It all looked great and she gave me the two thumbs up sign when I asked how she enjoyed it all.  That is a definitive win from her.  As for me, I ordered the double fish sandwich.  Think about a double Filet-O-Fish from McDonalds and add shredded lettuce.  It was about like that but by the time I got back to the office the fish had gone soggy and lost its crispy integrity.  I'll take McDonalds for the win on this one.  Besides, not much beats the bun McDonalds uses for their fish sandwich.  Anyhow, I also ordered the Fully Loaded Fries.  They are topped with melty cheese, ranch dressing and bacon bits (real bacon).  I ate about half before getting interrupted with work stuff so I set them aside and finished them the next day.  I liked the fries but they were very salty from being seasoned fries topped with cheese and bacon.  It was a little much but to at least have tried them I am happy.  Next time I go I may try either a chicken sandwich of some sort or perhaps one of the many burgers Checkers has to offer.  I would also try the cheese sticks.  They looked amazing and when dipped in marinara they must taste as good as they look.  I would also like to try some of the dessert options in the future.  They have some unique ice cream treats that sound incredible.  This food may not be good for the body but fast food rarely is.  This is food good for the mind.  You can't help but be happy at a place that serves up as much bacon as Checkers does.
5	SO Happy Ralleys/ Checkers is closer up north in Vegas!!!! Love the FOOD! great fries and burgers and done right for a fast food place!
3	Menu was simple, food was amazing, however service and employees wasn't.Moment I step in I did get a greeting but some of the employees in the kitchen were messing around than working. I understand people leave trash when they leave but no employee cleans it right away.
4	Anyone who knows anything about me can attest to my love for all things bacon, so when the first two burgers have copious amounts of bacon and they're advertising loaded bacon fries, I'm already in a good mood at any restaurantI'm going to preface this by also saying I don't really like to eat fast food, but this place was off the chain!!!! I had the number one which is supposed to be the most popular, loaded my fries up with bacon, because why not. And topped it off with a BLT since I'd already killed my diet. The burger was delicious, everything was fresh and well made. I really loved the loads fries but thought it was weird that I had to order them without ketchup since it comes with cheese sauce and whatnot. But they came with lots of bacon so all goodOverall I thought the food was great here. It's a pretty neat burger joint that'll get the juices flowing
5	I love this place the service was good they got my order right they were very friendly and the food was awesome I got the number 3 which was a bacon double cheeseburger with chili cheese fries and I got there 10 piece chicken wings which was out of this world this is now one of my go to places to eat in vegas.
2	The food is decent cheap fast food fare. Problem is it's not fast! It's not completely sluggish but I'd have an in n out burger in the same amount of time it took to get my meal and not much compares to in n out fast food wise. Up your customer service game checkers!
3	This place... I always come here on drunken nights after the club.. This line after midnight is so long!!!!! It's 2 people working and 45 minute wait!! For some damn chicken strips!!! Every time I go here on a Saturday it's this long!! My thing is this.. If you know this is going to be your busy hour or time why not staff for that? Last night I finally got to the window only to hear the girl with glasses and the other ghettos girl going off about the previous customer.. Talking about how that bitch didn't order that and just bad mouthing the person who just left.. Mind you.. The window was open, they were standing in it facing me.. Loud and very vulgar.. They said some words I didn't even know existed!! And I cuss like a sailor!! Also... I don't ever get everything I ordered.. I'm going back today to get my food.. This is sad.. The food.. It's checkers food.. 3 stars is for the food..
2	I love this place but the staff at night are super rude.  They miss things on your order have an attitude and take forever! !!
1	I am not able to review the food or service, as I was unable to get the girls to stop chatting long enough to wait on me. It was Friday night just before midnight.  I rang the bell, pounded on window, yelled, honked, made funny faces, threw the bird and nothing would get them to stop yacking!  After 15 minutes I had to leave.
3	Great food!! Absolutely the best on the west side for sure. Service is slow. Drive thru didn't know we were waiting to order for 23 minutes. . And then we waited another 20 mins for our food. We got garlic and honey Bbq wings. And a #5 bacon cheese burger . Food was hot fresh and yummy. But customer retention is obviously not a priority to these guys .... step it up checkers
1	In San Diego I had Rally's and here in Vegas I have Checker's as they are one in the same. I used to eat here a lot in back in the days and in High School because they had tasty food and a variety from the norm. I have to say my last two visits to this location has sucked spiky balls, not soft and warm ones! So after a night out of party time with the ladies we stopped through to grab a bite. We placed our order and wanted two apple pies which are boldly advertised on their menu and signs. The cashier tells us they have none ready, so we ask can they be made or is it just not an option? The cashier informs they could be made and would take ten minutes to make. Ok so we passed on it and drive up to the window to pay for our order.We sit at the drive thru after paying for 15 minutes waiting on our order. We ordered four items so I would hate to know how long the wait would have been for a large order. I told my friend had I known it would have taken 15 minutes for our order anyways then I would have ordered the Apple pies for us.No apology for our wait, the cashier literally shoves my friend our bag of food and shuts the window. We wait and ask for ketchup and I swear this troll rolled her eyes at us and hands us the ketchup packets.This was our last visit as our previous visit was a crappy experience with shitty service as well. I did see the Undercover boss episode for this chain and am disappointed that this store fails so bad.The staff has attitude and is just plain rude with a don't give a shit attitude.
1	First time I went here when they first open on rancho. It was packed. Food weren't what I expected. There's at least 20 workers inside passing around food without any gloves. It was disgusting!!!! Went back here today just to see if there's any improvement. But it was horrible! My food was super greasy and told me to park upfront and wait for 5 minutes for my food. Then it's been 10 minutes so I went back to the drive thru. Serving me greasy food and they passing around my box of food. Didn't even apologize for taking forever and just hand me my food and close the window. Will never recommend this to any of my friends including everyone on yelp. It will just ruin your day. I'm a business owner myself so I know what's satisfaction means.
5	I always get the #10 combo... I love their chicken sandwich!!! I come here 3-4 times a week... Lol
5	I tried Checkers for the first time today,  and I have to say I'm in love with this place. Their seasoned fries were hot and delicious. I also ordered the double fish sandwich which was bomb as fuck! I'm a fish lover and this definitely hit the spot. Excited to go back and try more of their food!  ;)
3	This is only the 2nd Checkers I've been to and I'm really glad to see this one is an actual building where you can go inside. The one in Savannah, GA was just a walk up window with outdoor seating. The food is your standard fast food fare and similar to stuff you would see at A&W or DQ and most of it is super cheap. I got a 4 chicken finger combo w/ fries and drink for 5 bucks and included 2 dipping sauces! The service here is mediocre as the tables were kind of dirty and when it was my turn a guy cut in front of me and spent 2 min asking about and trying to order an ice cream cone wtf. The cashier took his order and didn't say anything about him stepping in front of me as I was walking up to the counter from where I had been standing looking at the menu.The location is in the middle of the hood on Rancho but it's near work for me so I'm sure I'll be back again by default. They also have a drive thru just in case you're not brave enough to go inside
4	Fast food really isn't my thing but hell, when you're craving some good fried noms Checker's hits the spot. I had the "Bacon Roadhouse Burger", their "Loaded Fries", and a banana shake. Burger was satisfying, the fries were perfectly seasoned and the bacon/cheese/ranch combo was perf, and the banana shake was heavenly. Perfect quick bite while on lunch break and definitely a fave late night spot :)
1	I had some really horrible French fries from here the third time I went and have not gone back since.  They tasted about a week old and one didn't taste like it was ever a potato. Everything else was just poorly put together.
1	I came in at 1020pm and I guess the lobby was suppose to be closed, I was greeted with a unpleasant face and I ordered a couple items off the menu and sat down to wait for my order , when I received my food it was sloppily made and felt colder then what it should have been. Stephanie helpful but the food wasn't as great as I thought it could of been
5	I have to say, I have been here at least 10 times since this location opened. I have had all pleasant experiences. Never had to send any food back. My orders have always been handled correctly.The Deep Sea Double and the Big Buford are my favorites. I do enjoy their cheese sticks as well.I always get the 32oz Iced Tea for a dollar. Plus, you can't beat their 2 for $1.00 apple pies.The last Big Buford I had - I don't know what happened - but it was possible the best of the cheap fast food places ever.Plus, every time you order, you do a survey on the website and get a free sandwich! Plus, with the coupons it makes a really good value for a family guy like me. Giggitty giggity.
5	I've decided to try this new fast food restaurant that is on Rancho.  That is near my house.   I have only ordered at the drive thru because I like fast service and don't have to wait in line.  I tried their deal the 2 for $6 subs, and ice cream sundae.  This place looks like DQ.  And cheaper then DQ.   I like the drive thru service.  Good and fast customer service.  I'll definitely come back.
1	I want to start off by saying that since moving to vegas we have had nothing but good experiences when dealing with Checkers. Tonigjt however was a horrible surprise. It started off alright, ordered two seperate orders no problem. The issues started when it came time for us to receive our food. The woman manning the drive thru window (Olga) seemed to be in a rush to get us out of her sight. I understand that its the graveyard shift but customer service should still be applicable even during the late shift. Second issue was that our order was missing a few things that we payed extra for (garlic dipping sauce and extra ranch) and it was made worse that she seemed mad that we were asking for the sauce that we paid for. Same thing happened with my friend's shake, he got the wrong shake and she again seemed mad we cared enough to ask for the proper flavor. All this would be bad enough but yhe worst was when we got home. We had ordered a large number four and a medium number one. Our friends shake was also supposed to be large sized along with his fries. We noticed that the fries were all small sized and the shake was also a small. Checkers is fast food but it's not cheap like mcdonalds. If you are going to charge the prices you do, make sure your staff is competent and actually cares about the restaurant's reputation enough to actually try during his or her shift. OLGA fails on both accountd and needless to say, we will NOT be coming back.
1	In the words of Grumpy Cat... "Absolutely Awful!"  I went there the other day because I haven't seen a Checkers in years. Maybe now I know why. First, the service was good. I didn't have any issues there. But the food? YIKES.  We ordered the bacon roadhouse with medium fries, and a large fries also. As soon as we got the food I asked if we got the right size fries. The large compares to a small at any other place, and the medium is TINY.  They were also awful. It tasted like the oil in the fryer hadn't been changed. The burger was drowned in roadhouse sauce. And the bacon?  I don't know what was up with that bacon. It was plastic. Not over cooked, just rock hard. It couldn't have been real bacon. It was that bad. 2 bites into that and I ended up just throwing away the whole meal. Never again!
5	Very great service!!  The best drive thru ever!!  They servers it fresh and we did not have to Waite or repeat order!!  Friendly staff!!  Great tasting food!!
5	5 stars at a fast food joint ? Yes, 5 stars. If you're from Florida, you know how people love their checkers. Rally's in some states but hey, I grew up for the love of checkers. This checkers has a inside dining area...wait what. YES, YOU CAN SIT DOWN AND EAT. I'm mindblown, closest to indoors I have ever seen was one with glass on long island so you didn't freeze your butt off in the winter. Anyways, ignore the crying kids, this place is awesome interior wise. It is beyond clean, cleaner than most dining in restaurants. I would eat off of the floor of this place. The tables are spotless, the soda machine is clean, bathrooms included. I was beyond impressed. Anyways I ordered a bacon roadhouse (free coupon, hella yeah) with 2 apple pies for a dollar. First off, screw mcds apple pies, these PG quote myself "poop" on the mcds pies. Hot, steamy and filled with a crispy but light texture to them, always a good call plus is 2 for 1. The bacon roadhouse was delicious, all fresh tasting ingredients. If you never been to checkers, the menu is huge but this location includes breakfast. I've never seen breakfast at one of these locations so I am planning on returning if I'm awake in time for it. This Checkers may not be opened until 5 am like I'm used to but it's worth the stop.
