5	This place was fantastic.  Went in there, ordered our carpet and got it all installed within a week.  Awesome install job, price was fair and we are very happy with the results.  Now for the reason they get 5 stars.  I was in the process of moving out of a rental home and into my newly purchased house.  I had a puppy who put a hole in the carpet at the rental home and needed to make a repair.  Went to carpet depot and told the owner my story.  He made the fantastic suggestion to use carpet out of the closet in the rental home to patch the hole and find a close match at carpet depot to replace the carpet in the closet.  This way we have a 100% match for the repaired hole.  What a great idea!  To top it off he gave us about 15 square feet of free carpet to make the repairs.  He did all this for us without even knowing that I was a previous customer.  What a great guy and a great place.  Will definitely recommend them to anyone!
5	We had a great experience with Carpet Depot! We had tried a couple of more well-known and nicer places, but we ended up working with Ed and Abe at the Carpet Depot on 32nd St. and Thomas, and I am SO GLAD we did!! The showroom is not dressy or glamorous at all, and the lighting is terrible (it s basically a warehouse), but they were kind enough to let us take their carpet display boards home for 24 hours to help us make the decision using our own lighting, furniture, etc., which we did a total of 3 times; something that at least one other place refused to do. To top it off, our carpet came much sooner than expected, and it was exactly what we ordered, cut and bound perfectly (we had a 10 x 12 piece of carpet bound for a large area rug), and delivered within hours of returning their call. We could not be happier with our shopping experience!
1	We went into the E. Thomas store looking for remants to make a round rug.  One of the salespeople told us he could bind it for us if we found something.Unfortunately we didn't find anything we liked.  The helpful salesperson thought their W. Thomas location might have more of what we were looking for, so we went over there.The person who spoke to us (I can't really say helped) was extremely rude. We saw a couple of things we liked, but they were in 11foot rolls that we had no way to transport.  I asked if they  could cut it and he said no. I asked if they could bind it and he said no we would have to take it somewhere else.  When I mentioned they said they could bind it at the other store he said 'no we don't" and walked  away.It was obvious he had no interest in working with us, even tho we were the only customers in the store.
5	Carpet Depot on 32nd Street.Charlie, Carpet Depot's salesperson was very knowledgeable, very low pressure and extremely thorough. He spent a hour measuring our 1400 sq.ft 2nd floor, steps and living room area then drew the exact room dimensions on graph paper at no charge. (Lowe's charged $39.00 then sent someone who spent 15 minutes scribbling on a legal pad. The estimator asked if we wanted the closets carpeted and where we wanted the seam to show in the living room...huh! Then it took three weeks before Lowe's contacted us with a price which was $1010.00 higher than Carpet Depot for an inferior grade of carpet and pad. By this time Carpet Depot already installed the carpet)    Cruz, the installer and his three man crew were simply amazing. They were scheduled to arrive at 7:00 AM and by the time I returned from my morning run at 7:15 AM they had all the living room furniture moved out, the old carpet and pads removed and were beginning to prep the upstairs. Except for a few breaks they worked non stop the entire day. The crew was polite, courteous and cheerful throughout the installation. In conclusion, our experience with Carpet Depot, from start to finish, went way beyond our expectations.
5	No longer stressed!!! After running around and wasting gas at all "the other" carpet places this should of been my first stop!!! Scott was VERY helpful!! Great place to go !
1	Went to the 32 nd street location last Friday.  Salesperson was helpful, not pushy. Scheduled my appointment to measure on the following Tuesday. During the store visit, we figured we could do it Saturday. Salesperson got busy Saturday, I told him we could reschedule so he wouldnt have a late night on a Saturday, he said Monday would work . He never came or contacted me Monday. (I texted him about the appointment, He said texting him was fine and a preference).I contacted him Tuesday morning, he said he " returned to work Tuesday".  If Monday was not going to work, I wished he just said Tuesday. He asked when I was available Tuesday. I advised 4 pm. That's the last I ever heard from them. By Tuesday evening, I didnt even feel like its worth trying to call the office etc as I would be leery to try to schedule anything further with them. It's just such a waste of time. Nice guy - it's just hard when you wait around for someone to be at your home and they don't show or even follow up on your business.
1	This places has fallen way downhill. Go to HomeDepot! Went in on Sunday to buy a 12x10 replacement patch of carpet, stain on carpet. There was only one salesperson. Had to wait only to find out they didn't have anyone in the office to cut the carpet. Left two messages prior to heading to the store, NO ONE returned my calls. Carpet Depot, you suck.
