4	When I lived nearby, I would visit this location often.  Now, I rarely stop by this location, but happened to be in the area recently.  The tellers here are always friendly and the service is quick.....those are 2 of my biggest requirements for a bank (Fast & Friendly).Return Factor - 50%....would be higher if I lived nearby.
3	I went to the ATM this morning.  The place was quiet--Sundays are always good for that.I don't go to this branch very often unless it's right where I'm going.  There are other Wells Fargo branches that have better parking and ingress and egress.Since I was on my bike at the drive through, it was an easy in and out today.
5	I go to this location a lot because it's close to my house. The tellers are pleasant enough and always give my children dum dums. They've never given me any trouble about deposits or withdrawals & I love their envelope free ATMs. They'll accept coins as long as they're rolled and will give you the rolling papers to do it. If you don't have enough to make a roll, they'll happily count them for you.
1	Wells Fargo may be the most crooked bank I've ever dealt with.  They have all the tricks in the book down.  They've held deposits from the outside ATM for days and when I called they said "you'd get better results making the deposit inside".  Next time, I did it inside they said "you'd get faster results from the ATM".  I've seen them (and I have documentation) hold a charge on my acct. waiting for the balance to dip low enough and before I could put more money in, they'd drop it in and reorder the transactions so they could get extra fees.  I'm guessing I've paid over $500 in fees this year already.  There are several lawsuits pending against them for doing just this type of thing.  They lost a $203 million verdict in California but appealed it (stalling).  Sad thing is, it's only a fraction of the fees they've "stolen" from their customers so they're not even getting punished.DO NOT GET AN ACCOUNT HERE!
4	There were several customers waiting in line, but it moved relatively quickly as there were also many tellers available to assist us.  The one that assisted me with my transaction was super quick and friendly (she was done with 2 customers in the time that the nearby tellers were assisting just one, possibly with more transactions or complex ones).Anyway, fast, friendly and accurate banking services are attributes I look for from my bank, and the staff here has done a great job.4 stars!
4	Wells Fargo is my bank but this location was not my usual bank I always go to as this was across town.  never go inside and do almost all my banking needs through the ATM.  This one had two drive through ATM along with 3 drive through if you needed to use the teller.
3	Been here for about 10 mins & no one has acknowledged that I'm here, not even a "Hello". Wow!
1	This review is for Wells Fargo Bank at 4075 S Fort Apache Rd. Las Vegas, NV 89147.   I just got back form being screwed by this bank, seeing as I'm not a customer there, but simply went in to cash a check drawn on their bank.  After ten minutes of ID's, data entry by the teller, thumb printing, etc.  they were ready to cash the check and then they tell me there's a $7.50 fee to do that.  I said that's ridiculous, as the check is drawn on their bank, and the teller manager Ruth Martinez tells me that the fee is NOT a Wells Fargo fee, but a fee that goes to the company who issued the check. LIES! I asked her twice about that statement and she lied both times.  I then called the company that issued the check, and sure enough there is no "fee" that goes to them.  Ruth refused to speak to them to hear it from their own lips. I asked that they waive the $7.50 charge, which is totally in their power to do so.  She said no.  I then waited for the branch manager who basically said the same thing. Sooooo, for $7.50 they will get bad press (deservedly so), I will never bank with them or go in their branches again, and I'll relate this story to all who will listen.  On a final note, there is a great employee there named Andrew who was very helpful.  You'd think in the era of supposed "customer service" it wouldn't be worth receiving a scathing review for $7.50.I've banked at Bank of America for 25 years, and any problems that have arisen have been handled right away.  I know others haven't had the same experience, but I think they are much better than most..
2	Went in to complain. Wrote a 350 check. I dated the check November 5, 2014. Guess what? On October 30th they let that person cash the check!!! So I got an overdraft fee of $35!! Ask them to drop the fee because I clearly dated the check. No surprise here, they refused to drop the fee. called customer service and even they refused! What crooks
