2	Here I am 2 months later after many hours therapy and tears finally writing this review...kidding...but it did suckAs a new transplant to the area I had no idea where to go to get a good highlight and trim.  This was what I like to call the not-so-cool-pre-yelp-me who had absolutely no idea what was happening.  Things have changed...Anyways, my best friend suggested I find an Ulta because she had a great experience with hers out in Chicago.  Sounds great I thought.  WRONG!  Back in Michigan I was in love with Ulta because they carried my favorite haircare products and makeup-Ojon and Bare Essentials.  I had never experimented with their salon so I had no idea what I was in for.  The lady that cut my hair was unprofessional and seemed very rushed.  The color came out weird and the worst part was my bangs which she completely hacked.  She then decided to style it in some kind of aqua net/beehive/ Dorris Day style.  I got up from the salon chair and tears began welling up.  We shook hands and I could barely look her in the eye.  When I got to the front of the store to pay I was literally crying.  The girl could tell I hated it (I think she hated it too) but had no idea what to do about it.  Moral of the story:  Don't go here!  There are plenty of salon's in the area that I am sure will provide much better services
1	The employees are so RUDE!  I can't believe with all the competition in the area that this place can give such poor customer service.  I certainly won't shop here anymore.  Get a clue Ulta.....send your employees to a customer service class.
3	Huge lines to check out, which would be one thing if they had all hands on deck. But not when you have girls standing behind the register not ringing people up.  I came in for one thing and one thing only. Batiste Dry Shampoo. I found it on and end cap with a sign that said $2 off, regular $7.99. YAY, it's my lucky day right? Well I thought so until waiting forever in line and it not ringing up the correct price, I told the girl it was supposed to be $5.99, I got a response of "are you sure". She told her manager that it wasn't ringing up correctly, so her manager sent her to grab the sign. As she headed in the wrong direction my boyfriend went to show her the sign which said exactly what I said, All Batiste Dry Shampoo $2 off. In the mean time she found another sign that showed where the bottle I have (for brunettes) wasn't regularly $7.99. But, since the bottles are not priced and there was no specific price on the end cap, I don't see how that is fair. If you are going to exclude certain items, it needs to be made clear on all signage in all areas the product is located. The manager told the girl to give me the $2 off and this is where it went from a 2 star to a 3-4 star experience. The manager explained to the girl how to override the price in the most helpful, kind voice I have heard from a retail manager in quite some time. She was extremely patient and helpful. Kudos to the manager working Feb 1st in the evening.
5	I have been coming here to get my hair done for the last few months, and I will never go anywhere else! Lynette is the master stylist and she is phenomenal! She always does so well with color and cuts! :-) :-) :-) I've never been happier with my hair!
5	I came in tonight, with no interest in buying anything.  Just enjoying a little me time.  Found out Napoleon cosmetic line is 75% off! They are no longer going to carry it. Normally it is priced at more than I would like to spend. I really like the "auto pilot pore minimizer and mattifier" just couldn't justify the $32 for .59 oz tube. The in store tester was full. Unfortunately, the gal couldn't give me a sample because it is not going to be carried anymore at the store.  (They only give samples of products they hope you will be glad to come back and buy) Anyhow, I brought the tube up to the manager (along with new in boxes: 2 mascaras, lip conditioner, eye shadow pigment, and mattifying mineral primer) & told her I was aware of store policy, of no samples on discontinuing products.  However the tester was near full if not full and I really would like to purchase it. She took the time to find the sku# and not only sold it to me, gave me an additional 15% off the 75% off price. In all I scored! A total of  $157.06 products, I had wanted to have for only $40 I am very happy with her customer service!
3	This Ulta is not my favorite.  The store always feels dirty/messy and nothing is ever stocked. Don't ever think you'll get your hands on anything popular from NYX here. As I was browsing I went to look at lip liners and literally had a choice of 3 shades, 3! I am only giving it three stars because it is 2 miles from my house. Not the biggest fan of their customer service either, it's always hit or miss. Good selection of hair product though.
