4	If you can indulge in a 1000+ calorie meal, make it a Five Guys Hamburger & Fries! Freshly made to order. Hot and perfect burger. Yummy fries. Just did not care for the futuristic coke machine - I was taste testing a few flavors before settling on the original Coke and my drink had an odd flavor to it...even after dumping 2 cups out. Loads of peanuts to munch on while they make your burger. Add another 200 calories for that;)
3	Great food..... Ridiculous prices.....i cant in my right mind fork over 30.00 for 2 adults to eat at a fast food joint.Sorry 5 guys..... I'm out and eating elsewhere ..
3	The Good:-People working behind the counter are enthusiastic.-Tons of extra fries thrown in the bag.  Not overly salted, but could use a little bit more crunch.-The food isn't bad.  Burger tastes fresh.The Bad / Meh:-The music was cranked up way too loud.  Seems like a set of speakers need to be installed in the kitchen so it doesn't have to be cranked up for the workers to hear it.-The burgers aren't anything to write home about.  The bun tastes like a regular bun you can get anywhere, the meat patty could use some extra seasoning.  The cheese is plain-old American cheese.-The price.  While the price isn't outrageous, $13 for a burger and fries that aren't really "high end" is a bit much.  (It's regular beef it's nothing special like organic / grass fed / whatever).The Bottom Line:I normally don't eat burgers but made an exception for Five Guys due to all the "omgz this is awesome" hype.  It's 3 stars...better than fast food but not something to go out of my way for.
2	I can appreciate all the free toppings that they have (grilled onions, mushrooms, etc.), but I don't understand why people think these are such great burgers.  The meat seemed like pretty good quality, but they are so bland!  No flavor, no seasoning. Boring!I wasn't impressed with the food at all. The service was good, but I'd rather have a burger somewhere else.
4	Great juicy fresh burgers cooked when you order. Not drowning in sauce. Choose your own toppings, all free and delicious. Cajun fries are great, and servings are big enough to share. Kids love it. I'm sure its bad for u, because it tastes so awesome.
