5	The best auto speed shop here in the valley. AMP has everything you need to work on you Mustang or other American sports cars. The owner Tom and lead mechanic Chris are very knowledgable on just about everything. I've been here many times and have been treated well with quality parts and work. I really recommend AMP!
5	I've come here for any work or maintenance on my 2003 Mustang GT. I had my clutch replaced this week, they had it done within 24 hours of getting it towed there, drove me 20 miles to work, and when I picked up my car, they got it detailed for free. Great service, these guys really know about Mustangs, and their parts prices rival the cheapest parts on the internet - not sure how they can do this when most shops try to rip you off on parts. I plan on coming here for all future work and recommend them to everyone, especially Mustang and muscle car owners.
1	http://www.svtperformance.com/forums/southwest-162/819248-anyone-screw-amp-performance-az.html Continuing to screw people over, and the threaten to beat them up like tough guys.
1	They'll steal your money, then threaten you. Stop keeping  scum in business.
1	I spent about $3,000 with them on clutch , short throw shifter, bearings etc.They talked me into a optima red top battery. It only lasted about 18 months.When I went back to having something done, they gave me a real hard time. The owner Tom Thompson arrived and went into a rage getting physical to the point I had to call 911, after the police arrived they helped me get him to take it to copperstate tohave it replaced. Scary Very Scary. This was a $169.00 battery ,imagine what would happen if it was major money.Dont have a battery, waiting to see what copperstate does.
1	Terrible experience at amp performance. I spent $3,000.00 on performance parts included was a red optima battery for a $169.00 that went dead and wouldn't hold a charge after 18 months I went into there shop and was treated terrible. They started out giving me a hard time and it escalated when Tom  came in. He went into a rage and got physical to the point I called 911. The police arrived and really helped me to get him to do something. They made him send it to copper state batteries for review. Scary Very scary for anyone doing business with them What would happen with a major issue and not just a $169.00 battery .Terrible !
1	This place was the worse place I ever did business. I spent OVER $3,000 with them.When I had a small issue with the battery they sold me. Tom the owner went ballistic.Got physical with me and I had to call the police. The police helped me and had Tom agree to have the warranty on the battery replaced. Tom also followed me outside of his shop screaming at me.Before he went into this screaming tirade one of the guys there was bad mouthing a guy with a Shelby having work done there there saying it was fake. I cant imagine anyone does business with this guy. Very Scary!
