3	Sunday night I found myself walking around uptown looking for somewhere inexpensive to eat. Hungry but not in the mood for anything in particular I remember seeing the Dillinger's sign saying they have 50 draft beers and 50 sandwiches. With that many options I figured I'd easily find several worth considering. And how expensive could a sandwich from a bar be?I have to admit this is not normally my kind of place. It's the sort of place I'd go if I were with a group but wouldn't usually consider going on my own. It's essentially a typical sports bar with so many TVs it looks like an electronics store has invaded, colonized and is ruling over with an iron HDMI fist. And I think bars should be for conversation, not staring into the screen over your companion's shoulder. But that's just me. If I liked sports I'd probably feel differently. I took a seat outside, grabbed a menu and was blown away. I knew they had 50 sandwiches but it's striking to see them all listed before your eyes. It's as if they looked up sandwich on wikipedia and decided to offer everything listed on the page. I thought I might want a pimento cheese sandwich, or maybe a burger. They had both. If I couldn't decide, they also had a pimento cheese burger! They have Reubens and Cubans; po'boys and French dips. In addition to the 50 sandwiches there are 14 burgers, salads, pizza, wings and appetizers. After twice having to send the waitress away for more time to decide I ended up unable to make up my mind, panicked and chose the Black and Bleu burger almost at random. Well, the fates were kind to me that day because it was fantastic, stuffed with sauteed onions and mushrooms, thick, peppery bacon, melting bleu cheese crumbles, lettuce and tomato. A great burger, for sure. But great burgers aren't hard to find. What really got me were the fries. They were among the best I've ever had. I don't know how they do it but they're best described as crunchy on top of crunchy. It's as if they roll the fries around in potato starch before frying them so you get fries with extra crispy, crumbly exteriors. If I didn't already feel like a Fatty McFatfat I'd have seriously ordered a second order. They're that good! And for a mere $9, why not come back?
3	Dilinger's Tap Room look very much like its predecessor, Stool Pigeons. In fact, the exterior of the restaurant still has a 'Stool Pigeons' sign! However, the reason why it loses a star is because the ridiculous happy hour / lunch specials have somewhat depreciated since the change. Dilinger's attempts to be more classy, and offers an amazing array of draught beer and sandwiches: 50 varieties of each!If possible, I would give this place 3.5 stars, so do give it a shot! I would recommend this spot for game nights (great selection of HD TVs) or for large groups (this place is huge). Will definitely come back, since Uptown Charlotte simply lacks decent establishments.
1	Here's why not to come back! I try to keep the one stars to a minimum, but tonight, not even a week after writing a good review they really disappointed me. I figure with that 3 star and this 1 star, the 2 stars it averages out to is just about fair. As before, the fries were fantastic. But the list of things they got wrong tonight being as big as it is, great fries aren't enough to make up for it. Everyone has bad nights, so I'll give them another shot. But if this turns out to be representative, I doubt I'll be back.First, they got my order wrong; I asked for them to hold the lettuce, not the onion. I don't mind removing something unwanted. But leaving off something I do want puts me in the awkward position of having to decide if it's even worth addressing the mistake. As it turns out, the waitress made up my mind for me by making herself scarce until I was almost done with my meal. Second, the burger was completely devoid of flavor and about as overcooked as it could've possibly been without being presented to me still on fire. In some bites it actually crunched. Here's what you don't want to hear when biting into a burger: a crunch. The pimento spread might have gone some way toward imparting some flavor if it too wasn't bland. Not enough cheese, not enough spice. It was basically a delicately flavored mayo. Did I mention I hate mayo?This next one might sound a bit frivolous, but they were really on a roll tonight. Why sell their ability to screw things up short? The tomato was as thick as the burger. I know tomatoes are nice and all, but they're meant to complement the burger, not compete with it. I'd have fileted it in half myself if I'd ever been given the silverware and napkins I was promised when she dropped off my plate.Finally, I'm not sure to what degree restaurants can be held responsible for this, but something really ought to be done about homeless people begging from people dining outside. In the 45 minutes I was there I was asked for money not once, not twice, but THRICE! It's one thing if you're walking down the street. It's quite another when you're a paying customer. They need to nip that shit in the bud, like now! The second one was even getting pretty rude and aggressive with another person sitting outside as I was leaving.
2	Pretty average place.  Came here with co-worker to grab lunch and it was pretty deserted except for a couple of patrons having some good ol' afternoon beers.  Menu is not particularly cheap given the food that comes out.  $9 for a sandwich and sides is reasonable so long as the food is reasonable--it's really not.  Ordered the sausage & peppers, felt the peppers were a bit more overwhelming than expected--like really way too much.  That's a preference, but friend's sandwiches too looked pretty barren and I could've thrown together these sandwiches in the back.  The sides were all pretty basic with no special taste to the fries, tater tots, chips, salad, etc.Wanted to give it 1 star, but think I'm actually going to come back here on the weekend at some point to watch sporting events.  Big open space with a nice setup for viewing multiple games.  Yeah, avoid during the week, come during the weekend seems like a plan.dmo out.
3	So after a good experience on my first visit and a terrible one the second time around, I thought Dillinger's deserved a chance at redemption. This time I only placed an order to go but I was sufficiently satisfied with the speed of service and quality of the food to assume they were just having a bad night on visit #2. Nobody's perfect.As always, those fries were ridiculously good and both burgers were outstanding. I try not to eat too many burgers but I think this place might be my go-to burger joint from now on. Fox and Hound might be a few blocks closer but Dillinger's are far superior (just don't get the pimento cheese). And if you plan on eating a giant burger and fries, walking a few extra blocks could do you some good.
2	I really want to like Dillinger's. We live in the neighborhood and find ourselves considering it often for a quick bite and burger. Each time we've gone, the waitstaff has been nice, albeit distracted by tending to the bar area in addition to our table. Other reviewers have praised the burgers and I'll second that. I ordered a veggie burger on our first visit -- when our food was delivered, I took a bite and knew it wasn't a veggie burger but kept on going. So good.Be warned. They do have fifty beers on tap. But they're frequently behind the seasonal ball with taps that were relevant two months ago. The last time I was there, I ordered a beer, only to have the waitstaff come back, apologize, and say they were out. We went through this twice more, dipping into my B-team beer choices before finding one they actually had on tap. I'm not a beer snob, but if a large beer selection is going to be your calling card, you have to own it and not let that one thing slide. Because of this, we now think twice before walking over there.Second warning: If you are not a fan of death metal, just know this is what will probably be playing when you get there and probably be playing when you leave. We now know to pay attention to what's playing when you walk in because there will be NO variety in the music. Which may be great for some, but not for us.On the plus side, it's never hard to get a table at Dillinger's. Possibly because it's a specific clientele that's frequenting this tasty burger joint.
3	Holy moly...50 drafts and 50 sandwiches.  My first visit I didn't get a chance to try the food but the sandwiches looked awesome and they have so many different configurations to satisfy whatever you are looking for.This location has been a few things before and one thing that detracted from my visit was the lack of new interior.  I get that they were probably saving money but was just kind of a downer.  That being said it's a cozy spot and it has large booths.  Both hit high on my 'want' meter.The beer selection is large and the prices are small.  I like that equally as well!
3	I stopped in here just for a few quick brewskies.  This is the old Stool Pigeons and it hasn't changed much inside.  Parking is a little tricky in this part of time - watch the meters - I have seen folks towed who haven't fed the meters!There is a good beer selection and bar food - I will have to update this review after I try the food.  My review today is based on 1) location (very convenient to Uptown) 2) the bartenders were running around very quickly trying to make sure everyone was happy and that we always had a fresh beer 3) great atmosphere, especially for the game.  The booths are wide and cozy so you will have plenty of space for all of your friends.  HUGE TV screen in the back and TVs all around the room.  It is a young crowd - this will not change due to the proximity of apartment buildings near by.  Will definitely be back!!
5	Great atmosphere, with friendly knowledgeable staff. I've not tried the food but beer wise it's top notch. They appear to rotate craft beers on a fairly regular basis.  I appreciate the emphasis on local breweries. Great destination if you are visiting and want to try some local craft beers.
5	I wasn't expecting much but I was pleasantly surprised! We went on taco Tuesday, where they serve $1 chicken or beef tacos. My husband got several of both and was happy with the tenderness of the pulled chicken as well as the attention to detail (light grilling the outside of the soft taco shells).  I was completely wowed by the black bean queso burger. The bun was amazing and the queso spicy. I did ask for southwest ranch, which made it even better. I'll definitely be back.
5	Awesome food. Everyone at my table ate every lady bite and the servings were huge. Then came the fried cheesecake big enough for 3 or 4 people. Lots of Madness fans enjoying the game. Great fun!
4	I was pleasantly surprised at this place.  I figured it would be an average dive with lots of taps and not too good food options.  Well, it was getting late on a Tuesday evening, and I hadn't had dinner yet, so I decided to stop in here for a pre-dinner beer, and take a look at their menu.  Well, the waitress (Brandy) was super friendly and offered advice on the 50 different beers and food options.  And best part is that they offer beer flights of any of the 50 drafts (this is a great idea that not many tap rooms employ).  I was super happy to try out several Carolina brews that I hadn't had a chance to try before and didn't want to waste a whole pint on.  The waitress was spot on with the recommendation of a Spicy Tex Mex Chicken Wrap with sweet potato waffle cut fries... amazingly good.  I recommend this place for relaxing and trying several different microbrews in a relaxing atmosphere.
4	The food and staff here are wonderful! The beer selection is varied and the bartenders are always willing to offer great selections. I brought my elderly parents in for a bite one night and both Ho Jo and JJ went out of their way to chat with them and make them feel welcome.  Its a winning combination of great food, great beer and great people!
4	Stopped in here on a Friday night after seeing a musical at Belk theater.  A very good band, Alex Christie and the Mystery were playing.  I enjoyed the beer specials and the food was great.  My friend thought the fried pickles were the best she ever had.  I would definitely stop here for a beer and food again.
4	If your looking for just good darn bar food, this is the place for you. They have an extensive sandwhich menu and apps. They just redid their menu and it has some interesting twists on some classic favs. Like they have your standard nachos, but then they do a reuben nacho with thousand island dressing and saur kruat, WHAT! The staff has always been helpful and during football season. this is the perfect spot. Bloody mary bar, the game, and good food. How can you go wrong?!
4	We stumbled across this little pub on a Sunday afternoon and went in to have a drink and an appetizer while waiting for another business in the area to open.  The staff were super friendly and the place was very clean.  We had the Homemade Chips with Ranch dressing and it was delicious.  We decided to come back later on for Lunch.   My wife got the Pulled Pork sandwich which i tasted and was OUT OF THIS WORLD and I am a PICKY PICKY BBQ eater.   I got the 6 Road (or something to that effect) burger after my manhood being jokingly questioned by the waiter, and was very surpised when it came to the table.  It was LITERALLY.... a bacon cheeseburger between 2 grilled cheese sandwiches..... One on top and one on the bottom....  My wife said I would have a heart attack before i got out of the place if i ate it, but with my man hood in question, i quickly devoured the beast and pretended that it was nothing...... ( I passed out on the bed in the hotel room promptly after leaving the Tap Room lol. )  I wish i lived closer, i would make this a regular place to eat and hang out.
1	Go elsewhere!It may have been an off day but, WOW, best of luck to whoever owns this place.  If stool pigeons didn't make it, you don't stand a chance.I was reminded that this is where the old stool pigeons used to be, because the sign is still up.  Kind of confusing and strange, but not a reason not to give this place a shot.  I was walking around downtown, looking for an after brunch beer and maybe a snack.  This place happened to be close and open.  I walked in the door to see a sign for specials saying $3 mimosa's.  We opened the next door to find the whole place smelled like poo.  Don't know why but, decided to have my drinks outside.  At first I thought our host was a bum, literally.  I expected him to ask for change but, then I noticed the t-shirt.  We walked to the bar to see an eccentric looking bartender that could have been straight out of MMA.  He ran the place, obviously.  Took a look at the tap list real quick and proceeded to walk outside.Our waitress came to see us quickly and gave us 2 menus but after the smell inside, I was content with my brunch.  We ordered an IPA and a mimosa.  The beer was cold and fresh, like it should be.  The mimosa was flavorless, it wasn't horrible, it just wasn't good.  Little bit of bubbles, so I know some "champagne" was in there, but that"s about it.We decided to look through the menu anyhow, since they're specialty was 50 taps and 50 sandwiches, just to see what was up.  There were a few sandwiches that looked edible but at 10-12 a piece, I wasn't too impressed.  Also, I didn't understand the theme.  Dillinger's tap room.  So I get the random sandwiches named after gangsters and, even the Tony Montana one.  But why Fresh Prince of Belle Aire, Jaba the Hut, and Roger Rabbit?  I guess I should have asked.  Some other people on the front porch ordered some sandwiches and wraps and they didn't look half bad but, felt no reason to order food myself.Then, I was really glad we didn't order food.  Halfway through the mimosa I took a sip and felt rough edges on the glass.  I looked at it, and it looked like leftover blackening seasoning, I assume from a bloody mary.  Killed this places chance at 2-3 stars, GROSS!  I didn't finish the drink and asked for the check.  Check came and we were charged $4 for the mimosa.  I guess it was a buck extra for the prior patron's seasoning on the glass.  The waitress fixed the bill but, no way I'll be back unless I need a place to pee while tailgating a Panthers game.Arguably my worst experience of any place in downtown Charlotte.
2	This place is an old Stool Pigeons, (or is it still Stool Pigeons? The sign is still up outside. Upon walking in I immediately caught a shady vibe from the dark interior. Barely any customers. There's still a lingering scent of stale cigarette smoke from back in the day when smoking indoors was permitted, mixed with the smell of sewage. I'm not one for eating in bathrooms, or any room that smells remotely like it. Huge turn off. We decided to sit on the patio.This place boasts 50 taps, none of which are anything special. In this day and age, there are plenty better options for delicious beer in the area. I ordered an IPA, my boyfriend ordered a mimosa. Being Sunday, they were advertised as $3 on the street sign. When we asked the bartender the specials, he quoted $5, and our bill quoted $4. Wierd, but we got our server to (reluctantly) fix the issue. Boyfriend's mimosa looked an odd shade of a cloudy beige orange. Even more deterring was the rim of his glass- it had a crust of black grit on it. Who knows what...After our experience of just getting drinks, I doubt we will be back for food or drinks. When passing by, I never see anyone out on the patio, or even leaving the restaurant. I wonder if others have had the same thoughts.
4	Food was awesome. Ribeye sandwich I recommend whole heartedly. We went early on a Friday. Lee our server was great. I'll be back.
3	Home of 50 sandwiches and 50 beers. You can't go wrong with that combo. This is the old Stool Pigeons. The light up sign is still there. Let's pause for a brief moment of silence. A lot of good memories at SP. Hell, it used to be THE place for Panthers games.Parking: gotta love a place that validates. Before 5pm, it's just $2 to park in the Fifth Third deck next door. After 5pm, it's free.Food: With 50 sandwiches, the menu is a little overwhelming. I think I black out every time I start to look at it. The homemade chips are delicious. The wings are pretty good. And, you can get tater tots loaded with cheese and bacon. So bad for you.. but it hurts so good.Service: I've had great service every trip here. The staff is all super nice. This past Saturday I was with a large group for lunch and drinks. The guy behind the bar took care of us. We started with five people... our group was at about 20 by the end of the meal. He handled it all... even when the computer system went down. We also did day one of March Madness here. They went out of their way to accommodate us... even when we asked to buy pitchers of tater tots. Yes, we're the group who bets on how many tots it takes to fill up three pitchers.It's a convenient spot in uptown to watch a game. The TV setup is decent. They are usually good about changing channels to put whatever game on that you want to see.
1	This place was horrendous. Sadly, the food was decent but it took 20 minutes to get a beer, if the waitress remembered... My husband and I were enjoying our visit and figured that because we were on vacation, we didn't mind if the drinks came slow. Then, as we were headed to our dinner reservation, we put our credit card in the bill, the waitress took it, and then she informs us that she 'lost it.' We figured we'd be patient and give her a few minutes to find it...but instead she proceeded to serve other customers. It then took us ten minutes to get a manager to stop watching a TV screen to help...they were all rude but did carry on with minor assistance. That was when we met the owner. The owner of this place is an arrogant, rude, and disgraceful person. He 'found' our card on the floor (but surprisingly came out of a sketchy back room?!?!), then blamed us for placing the card on the floor, refused to comp our drinks, and verbally threatened my husband. I'm all for people making mistakes--but the people in this bar are too full of themselves to even apologize. It was a sickening display of humanity and service. I have many friends and customers in Charlotte and will NEVER recommend this place. Don't waste your time...or for the matter, your credit cards. They apparently don't care about customers.
4	We were in town for the night and someone at our hotel recommended this place. I was really excited to see they had Terrapin Moo Hoo on tap. (Which is one of my most favorites). I had the Philly and the beef they used was great quality. The boy had a burger stuffed with peppers and cheese and it was literally the biggest burger I've ever seen. If you're starving, then this place is for you! We sat at the bar and the bartenders were there when we needed them and gave solid recommendations. One of them actually let me sample a few of the seasonal beers.
5	This was the best Groupon we have ever purchased. The food was great and the service was equally as good. we will go back.
5	Great burgers and fries.  The steak sandwich was awesome and the service was top notch.   Highly recommended!   Plus a cool place.
4	I've been here twice in my travels to the Emerald City - both times to catch the NFL games on Sunday.  Tons of tvs, good beer flights.  The place doesn't get too crowded from the times I've been there - but even if it does, it's quite the large place.
5	This place is AWESOME!! It is officially the Michigan State University Spartans of Charlotte Alumni Game Watch Bar!! so I could be a bit bias... The Owner Marcus and his brother are both from Michigan : ) The place is decked out in green and white, has state flags hanging all over and even has State Bags (Cornhole) Boards. There is plenty of seating and tons of TVs. The food is pretty delicious - *get the tots, they rock* - and have over 50 beers on tap.*Best Tip about this place: there are two entrances for their parking dec (5th/3rd bank parking dec) one on North Church Street and one on 6th Street. It's also only 2 blocks from the 7th Street LightRail.
3	Came here on Friday night and ended up catching most of the opening of the Olympic games.....nothing says America like chanting USA with a bunch of random strangers at a bar! The bar was fairly empty. This place really could use a facelift. It had a weird smell and everything looks tacky....like whats with the electronic fans?? One of the fans was missing so all you saw was the electronic mechanism moving. Entertaining but not super attractive in a bar setting. Though, they did have a TON of tvs!We ordered many beers during the night. I remember we both started with a Red Oak...my all time go to favorite for beer. So tasty. I know I moved to an Imperial IPA and then something else.....the Imperial may have caused some of the memory problems! With 50 beers on tap, they had a fairly decent selection of drafts. I thought the prices were pretty much on par. They had specials but the beer specials (as one would assume for a Friday night) weren't for the microbrews.We decided to split the pepperoni flatbread since we knew we were gonna hit more bars later and wanted to fuel up. Holy flatbread....this thing was ginormous! We split it and both felt sick afterwards cause it was more like a large pizza then a flatbread. Good tasting, nothing incredible, but definitely good. I think it was like $8 or so. Definitely a good spot to hit if you want beer, bar food, and a place to watch multiple games at once.
4	the food was really good, and the service was fantastic
4	I've driven by Dillinger's a million times and every time wondered if this was some hidden gem of good food and beer that I was missing out on or if it was one of those typical bar type places where the food is meh and the beer list consists of a choice between Bud Light or Michelob Ultra. To me these places are always risky, having been burned so many times. Today hubs and I decided to meet for lunch and I was craving a burger. This is scary because I'm SUPER picky about burgers. Bad Daddy's or die, because nobody else in CLT seems to know how to make a burger that good. Hubs suggested Dillinger's since we'd been meaning to try it and maybe, just maybe it would be what we were looking for. It's also close to halfway between our respective workplaces. (A little more in his favor but I never mind a walk.)He got there first and secured us a booth. I walked in and we were the only people in there. Nice! A quiet lunch place. Score point number one. It's decorated in old wood with a very divey sort of look/feel. Lots of beer signs and Tvs. The Masters was on today, which wasn't bad ambient background noise since it was so quiet in there. The server was right there to bring me a water and was very attentive after that. Hubs and I took in the extensive menu for a few minutes, even though I'd looked at it on the website ahead of time. BURGER PLEASE. I ordered a cheeseburger with tots and he got the Horseradish Prime Rib Sandwich with fries. I was tickled when the server asked me how I wanted my burger - Medium, please. I thought it was a good sign that this burger would be good if it was at least going to be cooked to temp. We waited a few minutes, but not terribly long, and our food came right out. A different guy brought our food and came back to check on us several times after that. Not sure what happened to our original server, but we were consistently well taken care of. I looked at the burger and tots and made a snap judgment. This is going to be good. The meat had that glorious sheen of juicy greasy goodness, the cheese melted in a delightfully messy way and the bun had been toasted with butter on the inside. I took my first bite and was in burger heaven. It was just how I like it - dripping with juice, a teensy bit of crunch from the toasty bun and just so full of perfect burger flavor. Heaven. The tots were just right - crispy and tasty. Hubs really liked his sandwich, which fell apart as he ate it. He made sure to scoop up whatever he lost with a fork before it was all over. Our tab for the two of us was $20, with our entrees and waters to drink. Not too bad at all considering what I paid for less at Dean and Deluca the other day. The only thing that would've made this visit better is if we could've had beers with our burgers. Their beer list, which I perused but didn't order from, was really good and had a few stand-by faves like Newcastle and Copper.  We'll definitely be back to Dillinger's. The service was friendly and attentive, the food was exactly what I was looking for - messy and delicious, and it wasn't expensive. I'm knocking off one star just because it could've been a little cleaner. There was some food debris in my side of the booth that was a bit of a turn off. But the burger was good enough to make up for it.
