4	When driving back and forth from Vegas to Phoenix, this is another one of the 3 stops I make.  A quick stop for the bathroom or tank of gas is easy when traveling to Vegas since it's on the right side of the highway.  Not so convenient when traveling to Phoenix.....I hate making left turns on highways.Return Factor - 80%
4	What's better than finding a gas station when you're almost out of gas in the middle of nowhere? Yeah... Not much! But this Shell is great because it's not just your typical gas station, there's a little Food Mart inside with snacks and fresh fruit for the road. Somewhat like a 7-11 meets a Shell. I packed up with some extra water, got some Corn Nuts (a must!) and hit the road after filling up the tank. What a lifesaver... I didn't know when I'd see another station and not having ever been to Wickenburg, I didn't know there was going to be much of a town. Just a few miles ahead there's an adorable little downtown to explore, so don't get too full here but make sure to grab supplies while you fill 'er up!
4	Your standard gas and mart.  Very clean!  As some of you may know, the road from Phoenix to Las Vegas is fairly devoid of services for much of its length.  So, while driving in the dead of night, spots like these are oases.  Drinks, chips, gas, and bathroom, all with friendly service.  Thanks!
3	Passing by here on my way to Laughlin from Phoenix.  Just need to fill up some gas and use the restroom.  Nothing fancy, just your typical gas station.
3	Clean with good restrooms, but the gas is overpriced to take advantage of Vegas traffic.  You can save a lot of money by driving into town.
4	On my way to Kingman, I wanted a breakfast burrito at Filiberto's next door. Wanted something to drink besides a soda, since Shell and Filiberto's are right next to each other. They actually have a door you can have access to either place. This location is very clean, well air condition, very comfortable place. Their inventory is very large. It's like your usual mini-mart gas station. I have no complaints about this place, very convenient with Filiberto's next door.
