4	They've just opened so some of the liquor aren't labeled but that's fine. They are south of Wigwam along Rainbow next to Dotty's. Medium sized liquor store, clean, and nice selection of craft beers and the rest. The guy that worked there was very friendly and conversational, recommend a good local beer which I picked up. I was distracted at the various beers that I forgot my hards that's I saw when I first came in but I did leave with some good mix of drinks. Prices are pretty reasonable. They have $13.99 case beer specials. AWESOME!!! I'll be back for my hards and more crafts.
5	Closed until 12/21. :( I submitted the business info for this business as it wasn't in the database but for some reason my review went to some other location! At any rate, here are my thoughts:This location recently opened and is quickly becoming my favorite wine shop. My girlfriend and I recently stumbled upon this store on Rainbow while driving home and we decided to stop and take a look. Although not as big as other liquor stores in Vegas, this place offers a pretty good selection of wines and spirits at reasonable prices. It is worth mentioning the store clerk/manager Steve is an amazing and courteous gentleman. I am a newbie in the wine scene and he has no issues answering all my questions and making some really good recommendations. Since my first visit, Steve has introduced me to Malbec wine from Argentina, Chenin Blanc, and most recently, a Riesling from Oklahoma (I am yet to taste it)... he has even gone above and beyond in trying to get a wine I am looking for and said he'll talk to his district supervisor to try and get it. What a nice guy!This place is open from 8am to 11:50pm, so if you are in a crunch to get some wine just drop by this place!
3	Not a very big liquor store but it is very convenient and it has good selection of beers, wines and other alcohols. The prices are just like in any other liquor store, I usually go to Lee's discount liquor and didn't see difference price wise. Friendly guy at the register and also it happened that they were promoting some new vodka so free shots before you leave the store :)I also tried the tequila they were promoting Don Pilar it was very good, not as good as Tres Generaciones but close, will definitely try it.Works for me because of its location and variety.
5	This location is perfect for me since it's on my way home.  It's really easy to find anything I want and they have a good selection of craft beer.  The cashier, Steve is very nice and remembers me when I come in!
2	Not competitive. The grocery stores and Lees all have lower prices. It is a shame.
5	I love these guys! I went the other night looking for a beer and they didn't have it. I went in about three or four days later and the guy (you know the guy, he's always there) tells me "hey I got that beer you asked about!" as soon as I walked in. And sure enough he had it. I felt super special. Like he ordered it for me. I'm in the service industry and I know the crappy feeling that sets in when someone asks for something you don't have. It's that kind of service that's needed in all hospitality. This is definitely my default pit stop on my way home!
1	Very disappointing place. Went there since it was close to my house but as soon as I got there a post-it with "back in 15min" was on the door. There was no telling how long the person was already out for. So very disappointed for a place to have an open sign and not be open. Will not go again.
3	My father always told me to never show up to a party empty-handed. So, if you are looking for a quick stop to jam in and out for some party supplies this place will suffice. The alcoholic beverages here are decently priced and they have a fairly good selection. They have an entire walk-in refrigerated display that runs the length of the wall which is quite nice to utilize for shopping during a hot summer day. Aside from alcohol, TLO also sells cases of water, loose bags of chips, and sodas. The one thing I would prefer from TLO is if they had actual regular sized shopping carts rather than the mini ones.
3	"When I'm Dead"One of these days I'm going to quit drinking. I mean that. I really do. But until that day comes(it will be at my funeral--where women will be crying uncontrollably and hurling themselves upon my coffin) I will return here from time to time because it is close. No, they don't have a great selection. No, their prices are not cheaper than the competition. No, their poker machines don't work. And no, it's not a particularly nice store.It's just...close.It's in a little roadside strip mall. Right next to a bar, a salon, a rent-a-car joint and a dance studio. The whole parking lot with its tired little businesses is rather depressing. But, like I said, it's close.Sometimes they don't even give me a bag. Maybe they figure I look like someone who's going to drink it right away behind the store. Right there amidst the tumbleweeds, blazing sun and hot wind. But if I do go back there, guess what? I'll be even closer....
5	Located next to Dotty's on Rainbow near Blue Diamond. Friendly employees and large selection of beverages.This is my go to place for bagged ice.  The ice is always round and how it should be. The pieces of ice aren't all melted and stuck together here.  The other local places always seem to have ice that you need to slam the bag around and you end up with large chunks and blocks instead of cubes.
