1	April 19, 2011, btwn 1:30p.m - 2p.m, I drove thru Wendys drive thru and ordered #3. Then I asked the lady if it comes with the sea salted french fries and her reply was " well thats the only fries we have" in a sarcasm VOICE! The reason I asked, was because the last time I was there, the fries tasted just like the regular one! So I said, "I was only asking" and she was like "wat else can I get for u" she sounded so irritated! I cancelled my order and wen to Rally's where they were able to provide me with great customer service! You see, I've been in the customer service field for quite sometimes. I try to delive the best I can in helping customer in every other ways I can. I expect to be treated the same. No matter how Irate or grumpy the customer gets, I don't let it bother me. Theres a reason that their like that. So whatever issue that cashier was having that day, I hope she learns not to let things get to her easily. I won't let her treatment towards me stop me from going to Wendys, I will not go to their location.
4	I like to get a chocolate Frosty and a Double Stack when I go to Wendy's. I previously wrote a negative review based on my experiences with one not-so-friendly employee. Most of the people that work there are friendly and do a great job, so I changed review from two to four stars. I need to cut back on the large chocolate Frosty as it has about 960 calories. However, it also has 20 grams of yummynous.
3	I have be to Wendy's several times. I have to say the cashier should just focus on the people in line and let the other people put the foods on the trays. It doesn't seem like they have enough cashier during  the lunch time hour when it's busy. The staff is friendly. Almost over friendly.Most of the time the place is clean.
1	Service is SLOW. Food was barely warm. Do yourself a favor and pass this location by. The Coke guy is here servicing the customer drink fountain. He's going to the BATHROOM to wash out his rag that he is "CLEANING" the Coke machine with! Are you kidding me? WTF?
1	Consistently terrible service. The drive-thru is slow and your order is often messed up - a terrible rendition of an otherwise good franchise.
1	I knew it was a bad idea to insult my taste buds with Wendy's salt lick menu but my little girl needed to make a restroom stop so   We started our dissatisfied adventure. Restrooms were just as clean as the tables, not so nice! The counter guy was pleasant considering he was overwhelmed with his tasks. Trying to catch up from forgetting portions of people's orders while trying to take hours. He did have a good attitude tho! Received our food and I had a nice long black curly hair sticking out of the box before I even opened it to find it nicely tucked into my hamburger. As I approached the counter, the manager was actually on the way out of the back so I was able to bring it to her attention. She quickly apologized and brought me out a new cheeseburger immediately. She thanked me for not yelling at her, which is very much appreciated considering both of us know how people can be with situations like this. Overall, Wendy's in general but this location not ring exempt has always been a bit of a let down to me. I do have to give a shot out to the manager though for her exceptional customer service!
4	Nice staff, clean restaurant and the food was delivered quickly and piping hot. I suspect there's been a management change from before and maybe a remodeling, in any event it was what I expect from Wendy's and there's no reason not to come back.
2	One of the closer Wendy's. My wife and I do not go here very often anymore. We had food missing from our order, cold or burnt sandwiches, and salads that were very wilted. The lights for the restaurant and drive through are turned off some nights at 9 or 10 pm. It doesn't seem like they are open. We went through the drive through and were the only ones there. A lot of service errors for just us being served. Would gladly go back if the service and quality went back up.
1	Worst manager ever. The guy with the blonde hair and glasses. If he's working don't go. He'll screw up your order and ignore you when you come in. Don't go here
1	Worst Wendy's ever!  I live like 6 blocks away.  Every time I've gone here, over several years, they've gotten my order wrong. After not going there for about a year, I decided to try getting an iced mocha.  They got that wrong too..and that was the only thing I ordered and I was the only drive thru customer.  Also, the cashier tried to send me off after I paid but before remembering she hadn't even given me my drink..WTF! What a bunch of F-tards!  Wish I could give them zero stars.  Really wish they could get their act together considering how close they are; but won't give them any more money.  They used to be open for breakfast but no longer..only lunch and dinner.  Probably because they suck! Oh and when they were open for breakfast, half the time I would get a panini, the tomatoes would be missing! I remember when they remodeled, I gave them another chance because I figured maybe they finally got rid of the dead wood...and they did, but somehow managed to get more lazy, dumb ass dufuses..this is not an employee issue..this is a management issue.  They simply don't care if they put themselves out of a job.LOL just went there today 1/7/15 because I was on lunch while working from home and ordered the son of the baconator.  There was one piece of bacon on it.  Oh why did I bother?
2	I live in another area of town but we were on our way to Bass Pro shop and decided to grab a bite. As far as fast food goes I enjoy Wendy's. This location however is one of the most ridiculous excuses for a business I have been to in a long while. Jesse our server was the highlight of this meal. He was nice and apologetic for the number of mishaps to come.   We arrived around 4pm because I remembered for several months driving by they advertised $1.99 kids meals after 4. I asked Jesse and he regretfully explained that promo was over. No big deal, promos end. I asked for the NEW Steakhouse Cheese Burger..... I couldn't get it because they were out of Steakhouse sauce. Part of our order was a crispy chicken sandwich with out lettuce. Bam it cam with lettuce. I went to get ketchup for our fries.... Bam out of ketchup. I went to get coke.... Bam out of coke. At a nearby table were some employees sitting and eating. No big deal if they weren't dropping the F bomb over and over. Oh and can we talk about the amount of flies buzzing our food. YUCK!!!!  I was disappointed with this location.I feel Wendy's has tried to separate it's self from other fast food places. This felt like I left a bunch of 12 year old children to run my business. Do yourself  a favor and run down the street to Mesa River view  where any of the  food choices are far superior.
4	Had to comment about the service I enjoyed here.  They were friendly,  funny,  and pleasant,  things you don't usually experiEnce with fast food.  They came to my table to make sure everything was ok.  The food was what you'd expect,  except the fries were cold.
