3	I came in looking for a few specific cards. I had no trouble finding a birthday card for my mom from me, but there was literally only 1 mother from son card for my husband to send her . I was also disappointed by the lack of "To Dad from daughter" Valentines cards! I can't be the only adult girl who still sends her Dad Valentines? The service was alright, but like all greeting card stores I find the entire enterprise a ripoff - $3.99 for some printed paper? Whatever, I'd get over the highway robbery prices if they had the cards I was looking for.
3	Checked this place out after having dinner at the Elephant Bar last saturday. Cute promotional items for Easter located in the front of the store. One being an interactive Donald Duck ("Put me down!") for $17.95, with the purchase of three greeting cards. The other was a purple gorilla stuffed animal, also interactive. Also located in the front, was a big selection of costume jewelry. Special occasion glass martini glasses were also located in the front of the store. The 99 cents cards were easily found, in the back. I didn't see any clearance items though. There were other customers inside. This place was alright.
4	Oh my! I can't believe the poor reviews for this Hallmark! I am huge fan of this Hallmark, especially since it is located in The District. Whenever I come here I feel quite a bit more metropolitan, rather than just hum drum going to shop.This store has always served me well for cards of all kinds. I am actually a card snob. If it isn't Hallmark, than it better be a beautiful card for my standards. I love Hallmark's collection of cards. I've come here for their Christmas cards for two years in a row. The cards are good quality and they always have a great selection. Also, you can always buy one pack of Hallmark cards and get the second for 50% off. This Hallmark always sends me 20% for my holiday shopping AND coupons/discounts for my birthday.The only thing about this store that I could possibly say is wrong is that it is quite small. However, they work their space well. Overall this is one of my favorite places to go in The District, and I go out of my way to come to this Hallmark and will continue to do so.
4	I guess if you've seen one Hallmark you've seen them all.  But I do like the store - great selection of greeting cards and a large collection of keepsake ornaments and gifts to browse through for each of the holidays.  I always get sucked in to the decorations and stuff around Christmastime.When I went in the other day this particular store was running a promotion for Crown Rewards card members.  You could hand pick a coupon from a bowl and use it on your purchase for that day.  I scored 30% off one item (they took it off of the most expensive one).  Yay!  It's a cute store to look around in but I take one star off because sometimes the gifts can be a little pricey.
