5	Can never go wrong with Cane's. Great location fast services and I'm glad there's finale one in the arrowhead area
1	Was treated very Rude by the female manager , my daughter was even upset about how she was to me. Christie has also been rude at another location to me. I do not know her. Makes it not worth it!
4	location is not too bad. in my experience Cane's has always had spectacular customer service. and the food seems to always be made in a timely manner. furthermore the Cane's sauce is to die for. The only critique may be is that I expected the dining room to be a bit bigger considering its in a very high volume populated area. other that this by far one of the best chains out there.
1	This location takes FOREVER! do not go here unless you want to sit in line for thirty minutes even when there are only three cars ahead of you. Ridiculous! Even the location by ASU (which is always flooded with people) is WAY faster
4	Absolutely love this place! When we lived in south east we had Zaxby's. We miss eating there, but this place is so much like it. The sauce here is basically Zax sauce. The chicken is really juicy and I love the Texas toast. I went through the drive thru and they were super friendly and fast. We will be coming here again.
5	This is the only Cane's I've been to. Loved it from the start. We live right down the road so it's way too convenient cuz I want it all the time. Lol. Best chicken, fries, Texas toast and Sauce EVER!! I love the restaurant inside too. Super busy and fast. Managers were nice and staff was on it!
5	The best chicken!!! Love their sauce and toast, too! So glad they built one near my home I used to drive to the one on peoria and the I-17
1	I watched the employee cleaning the tables then WITHOUT washing his hands he gets my food and brings it around.  Ewwww is all I thought. First time visit became my last
3	Slow service, management doesn't even know there own promotions (ASU Game Ticket) which is on the counter by the register, if it wasn't for the good food I wouldn't bother but I'm not going to drive to Avondale for chicken fingers
1	Food is bland, they cook slow, "toast" is extremely soft and not good, fries not crispy, chicken not crispy, its just soggy and unseasoned
5	The food was amazing! The service was great. The food came quickly and was piping hot. We Will  definitely be going back.
3	Nothing special.. Just some chicken fingers that you can go buy from SAMs club with fries and put them in oil and eat.. Wow so good... Haha KFC is better honestly.
4	Pretty good fried chicken. Really good for Phoenix. Wish they had a spicy version of the chicken or their dipping sauce for those who like it hot.
3	Solid chicken strips, but not much else. Unlike many, I'm actually not a huge fan of their toast or their fries - they always seem to get soggy by the time I get them home. But that's ok - because their chicken strips, along with their delicious special sauce, is reason enough to stop in. The strips have just the right amount of breading, are fried to hot perfection, and are consistently tender and juicy. They have a number of meal deals, but we usually opt for a tailgater pack - 25 strips with sauce, no fries, no bread. Always a hit for snacking during football games or for parties.The Peoria location is easy to get to across from Arrowhead Mall on Bell Road, and is a lot closer for us than the other location by Metro Center.It may not be the super fast, but it is worth the wait and the service is always friendly!
2	After hearing my daughter rave about it we decided to try it.  I sent the girls down with some money and waited for their return.  We opted for the six piece chicken tenders, cole slaw, and French bread basket.  Chicken was good, especially dipped into their special sauce.  Cole slaw hit the spot and bread was also good but not great.  Fries lacked personality.Overall, nothing special but not bad either.  The menu is limited but I guess it works for them.
