5	Best shop by far in the South Hills.  Purchased a Cannondale 29er there, and have had numerous service visits for various bikes.  Always helpful and always call to let you know when service is fixed.  If you are in the market for a Cannondale in the South Hills this place has better customer service BY FAR than the other South Hills Cannondale dealer.
5	Great shop!  Knowledgable staff, very helpful.   While during the summer they get pretty busy, if you need something on short notice, they will do their best to get the work done for you.  Reasonable prices, great mechanics!
5	I have been coming here off and on for a few years. Even if I just stop in to browse, the dudes who work there are always very helpful and don't seem annoyed tha tI lef twithout purchasing anything. I my most recent visit I had my bike tuned up for the summer,actually this is the first time I have ever allowed a professional to tuneup my bike and boy amI glad that I did. IT rides like a brand new bike again. They also quoted me a price for the tune-up and it when it was said and done it came in right on target. I'll definitely be bringing my ride back here every year for a tune-up.
5	Okay these guys are really good guys, they provided free bike tune-ups along the MS 150 route if you guys are familiar with that. I had an issue with my ride within 200 miles of riding and brought it in and they only charged me for parts,no labor. I really appreciate their demeanor and customer service they provided to me. I never get a pretentious d-bag attitude when I come here.
5	This is a great little bike shop! I went here looking for a hybrid and tried out a couple of different models. One of the bikes I wanted to try they didn't have assembled in my size yet, but Rob said they would assemble it in my size and have it available for me to test ride either that afternoon or the next day. I went back the next day to try it out, and though I ended up liking the other (less expensive) model better, I thought it was great that he was willing to assemble a bike just so that I could try it out to be sure of my decision. He also threw in a bottle cage and kickstand for free when I bought the bike! They may not have the biggest selection, but this is a really amazing LBS that goes above and beyond for its customers.
5	Absolute best place to buy a quality bike in Pittsburgh. The staff really loves cycling and shares their extensive knowledge with you to help find the best bike for you. I didn't feel like I was being up-sold anything. I really trust this place. Frequent customer for life.
