4	Despite the shady location, this donut shop was delicious.  I wish there was more of a selection, but my favorites had to be the cake donut, the soft sugar donut, and the chocolate donut with peanuts all over it.  Try going home and warming them up in a microwave.  Yum.  This place was far from crowded (seeing as I how was the only other person there besides the really nice owner).  Parking was easy, but this area in general is kinda crappy.I am now a local donut believer.
4	I came in here originally to prove to my sister that hole-in-the-wall donut shops are far better than processed donuts and after taking her here she was certainly convinced.  Bosa is a smaller place and didn't have any other customers when we went.  There was your typical choices of donuts here, my personal favorites being their cake donut and their chocolate donut sprinkled with peanuts.  The person working there was really nice and inside the shop it was clean and surprisingly not shady, considering the area its located in.  This place has its own small parking lot and wasn't hard to access.  I would definitely recommend stopping by here if you get a donut craving- only if you're in the area though.  I wouldn't drive a long ways to get here.  Id say it is like any other solid hole-in-the-wall donut shop.
3	Found we had a craving for simple donuts and had driven by this place the night before when it was closed, so we past by this morning and my husband and I stopped in. There were the usual mix of donuts, the selection you'd see at most donuts shops, the prices were very reasonable, I picked out two, the apple fritter loaded with apples and the Cinnamon roll. I also got chocolate milk. My husband picked out two and got a juice. It was less than five dollars. The store was very clean, quite, we were the only ones there, and the lady behind the counter was very friendly and polite. Overall, a good donut place.
4	The hubs and I have been driving by this place for almost 2 years and finally stopped in! This could be dangerous folks! Bosa Donuts is super tasty! Everything we got was so fresh and just delightful. I sampled ::mumbles:: four donuts and really liked them all. One negative however....The coffee is the worst. Gas station grade. So get your donuts here and go elswhere for your coffee needs.
4	I couldn't sleep, so I was on Yelp searching out my day... Donuts.....I could be back before anyone is awake.  Ok, ok, so I ate three before I got home, BUT there are plenty left for the fam.  They are warm, light, and wonderful.  Donuts are not the type of food you drive great distances for or rave about, but these are a step up from the normal store junk.  They were worth the 15 in the car on a predawn Saturday
4	Feeling sorry for myself, I needed a pick me up & decided to get some donuts. I pulled into Bosa & it was empty, probably because it was noon & normal people usually get donuts in the morning. I loved the lady working behind the counter, she was so sweet! Any way, I got half a dozen donuts, a croissant & small bottle of milk. Total for everything was less than $8. I went home for lunch & my hubby was there so he sampled the donuts with me. His favs were the glazed & sugar coated. My favs were the chocolate long john & cinnamon roll. Our not so favs were the apple fritter & cake donut with a ridiculous amount of icing. The croissant was light & flaky, yummy.
5	The BEST donuts I've ever had!  The apple fritter and buttermilk bar are heavenly.
5	Let me tell you something Yelpers. The first time my Boy brought home a  Bosa buttermilk donut it brought me to my knees. It was the best donut I ever had. Truly one on my best of deliciousness list. It was crispy with a moist, spongy, fresh center and was nice and big. It had little nooks where there was more crispness and a wonderful glaze.All their donuts are top notch- the glazed, apple fritter, chocolate covered and the plain old fashioned. Now, ta ra ! Now they have the Buttermilk with CHOCOLATE glaze over the top, and it was over the top. Even better than the regular one.  I dream of it. Tomorrow we are getting 12 for Super Bowl. And I am keeping 3 just for me. God help me.I give this place 5 stars - the only problem is that sometimes, they don't have everything at once. So what ? Oh- and the neighborhood is not "shady"  like a reviewer describes. It's a commercial street. What do you want ? Fifth Avenue ? Please.
5	There is no place on Earth that makes donuts as good as Bosa. Period. At least, not yet in my experience. If I did find some place in the future that was better than Bosa, I probably wouldn't believe it either...Their glaze is perfect, the textures perfect, and light and sweet and simply the best ever. Krispy Kream has nothing on Bosa!
5	I come here once a week to indulge in a Boston Cream doughnut. Oh, let me tell you...their version is heavenly! The dough is pillowy and fresh. I close my eyes whenever I partake in the sugar goodness to really savor every bite!  The chocolate glaze and custard filling is light (for me at least); I don't feel heavy or bogged down afterward. I love this place!
5	I love this place.  My brother and sister and I stop by once a week.  The texture on the apple fritter is incomparable and our favorite is the buttermilk.  I think this is the best deal for the quality that you get.  Everyone is always so nice and everything is always so clean.  One afternoon we were whining that they were out of the old fashioned and the lady told us to call and they would box some up for us. Awesome.I love Mom and Pop donut shops and I'd rather eat no donut if I can't have Bosa :)
4	We were visiting the Phoenix area and wanted some donuts. We got a dozen assorted donuts from Bosa donuts and they fit the bill. The glazed donuts and the raspberry donuts were a huge hit! Delicious and affordable (under 8).
5	So, I've been hearing about Bosa Donuts at work for awhile now, but as I don't consider myself a donut person and typically try and watch my girlish figure, I haven't given them a whirl.... until... NOW.  The Hubs and I happen to be in the Glendale area Saturday afternoon and pass by.  As we did, I said, "Bosa Donuts... I hear those are good."  He practically insisted we stop that instant, as they really are that good.Ok, so it was Saturday around 2pm.  Not sure they had their typical selection out, but I got a coconut cinnamon topped donut and the Hubs got a twisty one.  As soon as we got into the car we opened the bag and started stuffing our faces.  HOLLY MOLEY!  The airy, sweet, fresh, goodness permeated the car.  It took everything in my power to save a piece to enjoy later.  These babies were so awesome... thank god this place isn't closer to our house... that would be disastrous to my aforementioned girlish figure (which would be nonexistent if I had access to these gems regularly).  In one word, go... you will not regret it (unless you live nearby).
5	I have been back in the Metro area since April of this year, and had yet to find a store with jelly donuts worth eating. I was somewhat familiar with Bosa Donuts, so, I drove to this location about an hour ago, in search of one.Even though it was late afternoon, there was still an excellent selection. I wanted a sample of the jelly donut, but was told they didn't provide that. I ordered a dozen donuts, a variety, amongst them two jelly donuts.I just finished one of them, and it was GREAT! The donut was light and fluffy, perfectly glazed, and generously filled with raspberry jelly, what my Father used to call Bucket Jelly, LOL! I have yet to try one of the other donuts, but I am certain they will be just as scrumptious as the one I just had!I would recommend Bosa Donuts to anyone with a craving for guilty donut indulgence!
5	Ok! They have the best donuts in town and they also have boba tea! So two of my favorite treats in one place I'm in heaven!! I will miss Bosa when I move out of Az.
5	Outstanding customer service, fresh donuts every morning, and among the most polite staff you could look for in a company. Well worth a breakfast stop/
4	Great donuts but the employees are complete buttholes!
4	Donutheads... you will never, ever step foot in a Dunkin Donuts (or any other donut shop) once you try the deliciousness that is Bosa Donuts. They're so fresh, so tasty, such a variety and the sweet owner (I'm assuming that's what she is because she's ALWAYS there) will always have a smile on her face no matter how slammed the place is (I've seen the line go all the way outside).side note: Bosa, in Arabic, means kiss. That's what attracted to me to the place (my cultural roots kicked in and I excitedly thought the owner was Arab). Turns out, they're not Arab and they didn't even know a lick of Arabic, but their donuts are insanely delicious... so me + my entire company = HOOKED. bosaaaaa, Bosa Donuts! :*
5	My most FAVORITE donut place EVER!I have been to many donut places from Az to Ca. And by far this is THE BEST donut store!! The donuts are fresh, melt in your mouth. They have the perfect taste & texture!! Love Love Love! This place
2	Seems to be a neighborhood favorite but I can't fathom why. Doughnuts leave a filmy texture on your tongue. They taste as if they're slathered in lard and deep fried  twice. (If you're a huge fan of the deep fried taste then you'll enjoy them.) The woman working the front was just standing there when we walked in even though the tables were dirty and the floor needed to be swept. I planned on eating there but the woman never asked and bagged my food to go. She then watched as I sat down and used the tiny napkins she gave me to place my food on without ever offering a plate or tray. I ordered a ham and cheese croissant. The croissant was probably the largest croissant I've ever had. However, when I bit into it I discovered too little cheese with a slice of ham rolled tight and placed in the very center  of this large croissant. I then had to tear the outer edges off in order to somewhat enjoy the ham and cheese. I gave it two stars simply because the croissant was flaky and moist. Maybe a little over flaky and a bit too big but very good. All in all, I won't be returning. I tend to think, if they don't mind their dining area dirty imagine what the kitchen looks like!
5	Only took a few bites to know Bosa's was the real deal.Place is nice with plenty of seating. and a wide assortment of donuts. The only gripe is no whippee filling, other than that this joint is solid and will cureyoure donut fix.
5	My mom used to work at a Bosa donuts back in the day so I ventured out to this location hoping that it could love up toy childhood memories.  Bosa donuts certainly did not disappoint! The apple crumb donuts and hot fresh old fashioned buttermilks were the best I have had.  But what truly brings me back... All the way from Tucson ate the ham and cheese croissants.  I hope they still have them when I make it back.
4	I've had a couple of donuts from another Bosa location and these are pretty much the same. My favorite is the apple fritter. While it is quite good, it is mostly fritter and little apple. It's rare that I eat donuts, but when I'm in the area I will stop in.
5	This place while it is in quite a scary part of town, is simply to die for!!!! If you're a fat kid at heart like myself you have to try these donuts! The employees are always friendly and quick and the donuts themselves are AH-MAZING. I have to try and convince myself not to go here every morning to chow down on the warm, freshly made sugary donuts! Try this place!!!
5	Super fresh and tasty donuts! Just what I have been looking for.The first bite was amazing. I had the plain donut which was moist and cakey like an old fashioned donut. The blueberry had plenty of filling, a yeasty and plump donut. It was glazed rather than sugar coated which I prefer, so I guess my east coast roots are showing here...Best donuts I have had in a long time--Bosa has the chains beat. Happy to have found this donut store.
3	First of all, make sure you are coming from the west because trying to enter this place from the east is very difficult. Also, their parking lot is pretty small and difficult to maneuver. I decided to try this place because I kept passing it on my way to work and I remember seeing all the good reviews about it. I decided to order 2 donuts and asked if I could sub out the milk for the orange juice (combo #3), and you would've thought I had asked for free donuts. Unfortunately, I can't drink milk, so I thought it would be no problem to swap it out for oj (especially considering the milk was more expensive than the oj). Fine, I'll just get the donuts. I get up to pay, and find out my order has to be $2.50 or more to use a debit or credit card (mine came to $1.93). So I end up grabbing an oj, making it more expensive than if they had let me do the combo! Now for the donuts...I got a Boston Cream (my favorite), and it was not great. The donut itself and the chocolate were ok, but the cream on the inside was just gross. The sugar donut was ok, but again, not great. I will probably not be coming here again.
5	Bosa is delicious! My favorites so far are- the apple fritterSide note: we went in around 11:30 in the morning, and understandably they had a smaller selection. I had heard the apple fritter was good, so that's all we ordered. We walked out, took a bite, and immediately turned around and bought more donuts-it's that good. Get the apple fritter!Also-the buttermilk donut..so tasty, we had these fresh on our second visit, still warm and glaze dripping. The old fashioned donuts are good but the buttermilk definitely stands out above the old fashioned!
4	I was disappointed by the limited selection available when I went in on a Saturday afternoon, but those that were available were amazing. The apple fritter ... simply the best I've ever had!
5	Donuts were very fresh staff were very friendly. They care about there customers and ensure you are happy.
5	I went to the location off 43rd Ave just north of Dunlap; wonderful staff & delicious doughnuts; Homer Simpson would recommend this franchise! I also ordered an egg & bacon croissant which was delicious. I totally will be coming back.
5	I moved to Phoenix from Portland, Oregon, where people will literally wait for hours in line to get doughnuts. The buttermilk bar from Bosa is worth waiting in line for. The Sour Cream doughnut is amazing as well. These two doughnuts get Bosa a five star review from me. These are a prime example of what a doughnut should be! Absolutely fantastic. These people know what they are doing.
5	Delicious donuts... They were so fresh and good! This is my place I get donuts for my job!
