3	Whiskey Dick's has a Guns N Roses logo theme, relaxed decor, and a large building. One wonders where the space went, however, upon entering.  Less than half of the building appears in use by this bar/grill.The food is OK and the drinks are OK and the live band playing is never going to make The Strip. Cozy/small dance floor.  Some video poker machines.The bartenders do know how to make Dead Nazis (rumplemint and Jaeger) shots, but the biggest plus/minus to this joint is that it is open 24/7. Sometimes you just need some food and shots when it's late.Crowd gets rough after 4 AM, and ladies, what was a great ratio of guys to girls (easily 5 to 1) at midnite becomes a liability after 4.  There will be fights over you if you stick around past 4 AM.This place draws a serious drinking crowd.  All locals.  Girls, go easy on showing skin, go to this place early, and don't be anywhere near here after 4 AM.
2	Looked promising, the thing is this place isn't set up very well. Seems to be all the tables are jammed up in the middle with a few booths on one side. The bar is kind of dog-legs along the other wall. Where the band is set up, sitting at the bar is kind of awkward if you want to watch, because it's kind of behind everyone.Beer is cold though, 25 ounce drafts, we had 4 of those and 2 shots and paid about $30 so prices aren't bad. The band was honestly not that good, wasn't loud though so more of just background music, but could be ignored if you wanted and still carry a conversation.Variety of patrons, old, young, military, etc. If you live in the area, probably a good place to grab a cold one.It's not on my side of town but we wanted to try it and I doubt I'd drive over there again unless they changed it up a bit. Seriously it could be a good dive bar if they wanted that, darken it up, make some better seating, get a better band in there, etc
5	Food is awesome for being a dive bar at heart. Staff is great and the drinks have a kick so u definately get what u pay for...I recommend the pizza and wings or the bacon guac burger...
5	We went there for a surprise birthday party and were about 20 people. It was a great night. The service was fast, food was good, so was beer. We got 2$ special house shots after 10 PM and a bottle of something for free because we were more than 20 people. All in all a really fun night. I have to go back though to try other things on their menu. We had the wings (hot) and they were awesome.
5	I was planning a lowkey surprise birthday party for my hubby and remembered this place had just opened. When I called they were super friendly and took my reservation. They let me know they had a private lounge area (free to reserve) and held up to 25 people. We had 20 people and scored a free bottle of whiskey and two Rockstar for mixers/chasers. Great service. Great place, great location, very close to us. 10pm started $2 shots of sour apple whiskey YUM! 20% off for Military! Their wings were AWESOME. My new favorite local hangout. Can't wait to go back.**The ONLY downside was it was a surprise party, we had planned on telling him to check and see if there was a pool table in the back but when we walked in the hostess asked us if we were there for a surprise party. Busted the surprise :(
5	What shall I say about Whiskey Dick's? Shall I wax poetic about how this place has only been open a few months and already kicks ass? Shall I brag about the staff and regale you with tales of their friendliness? Shall I enlighten you about the strength of the drinks?Nay. Instead I shall talk about the food. Specifically the Bacon Guacomole Burger and the awesomeness that ensued. The bacon was crisp, the patty was juicy and flavorful. There was NO iceberg lettuce (indeed,the bane of ALL lettuce) in sight. I ordered mine with a side of cole slaw because - face it - anyone can do fries. The slaw was crunchy and slightly sweet without being dry or overloaded with mayo. Nice.It wasn't crowded on the Thursday night I went for dinner - I was able to get seated right away and served shortly after that. The staff is indeed friendly and talented. This place has TONS of televisions mounted in strategic locations throughout so you can watch the game all over the bar. There are quite a few tables as well and plenty of room to dance, if that's your thing. Will has taken care to make this spot appealing to all, and it really shows.Add in the live music and the great drink specials and I can't help but give this place 5 stars. It's a drive for me but it's worth it. I will DEFINITELY be back.
3	Prior to coming here all I heard was "that place sucks" and "don't go there" but it wasn't all that bad. It seems a little small, but it was nice. Waitress was attentive and easy to find, our group got a free bottle of whiskey for having 20+ people, and shots are cheap compared to other locations nearby. I just hated the fact that it was filled with smoke. I'm not a fan of smoke, so that was my only down-side, besides that... I'd come here again.
4	Went here awhile back for a buddies birthday party. Very nice place and great service. Started off bad my wife and I and one other were the first there and asked what the specials were and we got told there were none, come to find out there were. Very good place though, and easy to find. If you are in the military good news you get a 20 percent discount so not to bad at all. My wife and I will definitely have to go back and take more friends and family with us when they come to visit. Check it out for yourself though it's worth it.
4	We went here for a group-on deal and it was great! the Ranch fries are so delicious.
3	If you're in the neighborhood, definetly a bar to check out. Great drink specials and good crowd. Got to taste just about every appetizer on the menu (which were all delicious). It's a bit out of my way but I've been twice and enjoyed both times.
4	Driving in this area sporadically, I noticed that this bar had recently opened. I was visiting a friend nearby so I talked him into joining me for lunch here. He was unaware of the bar being there. We were greeted by a friendly waitress who quickly sat us. She ran down the extensive list of happy hour specials. If you visit between 2-7am or 2-7pm they have happy hour specials. She stopped by a few minutes later to see if we were ready to order. I was not ready yet, so I asked her to stop back. She gave us a few minutes more then checked with us again. I liked the fact that she followed up in a reasonable amount of time. Many times the waiter or waitress will temporarily forget about you. By this time I had decided to go with the happy hour burger special. I had the Bar B Q bacon cheeseburger which included three small onion rings on top along with home made potato chips($7.96)  My friend ordered a pepperoni pizza ($5) Half priced pizzas as a happy hour special. The burger was pretty good. The home made potato chips were delicious. They give three options for the chips: Mesquite, Salt & Pepper or Ranch. I went with the Ranch style seasoning. I was fortunate enough to have them mess up my side order and bring french fries with the burger. I typically do not enjoy french fries because they usually are the frozen and deep fried version. However, WD's makes them fresh with the potato skins still on. The fries were great! In fact, I'm not sure which side I'll order next time. The pizza was just okay but certainly a good value at half price. That is about what I would expect from a place that does not specialize in pizza. The drink refills were frequent. The only minor complaint I would have is they did not close the deal in a timely manner. I see this frequently. Service is top notch until its time to close out the deal by bringing the check. It took a few minutes longer than I would have liked to pay for the meal. Of course, I got to nibble on some more fries while waiting so it was not all that bad of a wait.
4	We decided to head over to Whiskey Dick's one night after the circus... lol yes i just said circus! lol  we had a great time here the bar was packed on a friday night but were able to get a table close and they even had a live band and did some audience interation as well as contest for the "sexiest place you have a tattoo" it was just alot of fun the beer was good and great company... Now the food... well we ordered nacho's... i have to say that we def not what we expected but i am a huge fan of pt's nachos so i was expecting them to taste more like theirs... All in all a great, fun, entertaining place to be!
4	Finally got to try out Whiskey Dick's after getting a Living Social deal. Although my friend and I were unable to use the Living Social deal toward the Happy Hour prices (44 cent wings, half off their pizzas) we got happy hour food anyway. Between my friend and I we shared one of their 12-inch pizzas, and an order of 10 medium wings. I'm going to give the food 3-stars. Just A-Okay. I wasn't in any gluttonous joy while eating the food. It's pretty straight on for a bar though. Their menu though - hilarious! They've come up with some funny names for their food. Totally worth it to read through the whole menu before ordering just for the sake of reading the names of everything and the descriptions.The bar itself gets the extra star tacked on for my overall rating. It's a huge bar and snakes all the way around the place. Looked totally different from what I was expecting. My friend and I were there on a Friday night and the happy hour crowd was providing lots of entertainment (people dancing, loud rock n roll music coming from the juke box). Before we left there was also a band setting up, so I guess they get live music later in the night which is pretty cool.Since the bar is new it is clean. It's still dark, but you can tell it is not dirty and is well taken care of. There isn't that bar grime there yet which comes with age (or just poor upkeep). It's a cool place to grab a brew and some bar food.
2	Exercising a Groupon, my wife and I gave Whiskey Dick's a try for dinner, and, boy, was I disappointed.  It may be fine as a bikers-themed bar but as a restaurant this establishment did not even make mid-grade.  Leather booths were comfortable on the end of a cavernous opening, with a long snaking bar and some high tables and chairs on one side, and five booths on the other, amidst the din of hard rock music not really helping the ambiance.  And, the meal did not start off well when I observed diners just two booths away openly smoking cigarettes.  I guess we were early casualties of Nevada's new, liberalized tavern smoking law.  Then, when my ordered bowl of French Onion Soup arrived with a bag of oyster crackers, I realized I was in real gustatory trouble.  The broth of the soup and the caramelized onions and Swiss Cheese topping were okay, but the floating croutons were decidedly not.  I had to bite down hard on each to manually soften them myself.Next came "Hail Caesar," a fairly large Caesar Salad that was topped by thin strips of Parmesan Cheese sprinkled over not very fresh-tasting Romaine lettuce that was way over-shredded, and tossed in a too-zesty creamy Caesar dressing that overpowered the greens.  At least my entree, "Don't Let Your Meat Loaf," was pretty good, with the meat resting atop a large mound of garlic-mashed potatoes, and the entire lot bathed in a tasty light-brown gravy.  The meatloaf itself was densely packed and accented by tiny bits of carrot.  But the french fries I also sampled were too soft.  Our waitress, outfitted in a black Whiskey Dick's tee-shirt, denim shorts, long gym stockings, and black tennis shoes, was friendly and efficient.  As we walked out, two patrons dressed as bikers parked their motorcycles near the entrance, and walked in.  All in all, this was a humble 2-1/2-star experience.
4	Whiskey Dicks is in a bad location, but it isn't a bad pub at all!  The service is great, the beer is pretty good, and the food is pretty good too.  We were greeting by a friendly short shorts wearing gal at the door, and were promptly seated.  I ordered a Ranger IPA, which is pretty good for a tap choice if you ask me.  They have a decent range of beers for an everyday bar.  I had the philly cheese with mesquite seasoned fries.  The fries were great!  The seasoning was awesome.  The philly wasn't the best, but it was good.  I thought the steak was a little dry, and there was too much bread on the thing.  The onions and peppers were nice and fresh though.  Overall, with the beer selection and the friendly service, I decided to bump WD up a star.  Most pubs aren't carrying any decent beer, and yes there are a few better pubs for good beer, but there are actually drinkable craft beers here. They carry a few New Belgian beers, along with Sam Adams seasonal beers.  since I work so close, I definitely plan on returning!
3	Great burgers and hot bartenders!
3	Honestly, I did have my doubts, and had to be answered. Knowing that they built this during an economy that is still recovering. I give them a pat on the back for having the guts to open up a bar/restaurant in this bad economy. Located off Craig and 15,  next to a Hampton Inn, lays a bar/restaurant call Whiskey Dick's. Which is a decent location, mainly off the freeway and next to a hotel. Not far from The Cannery, for you gambling needs. But back to Whiskey Dick's, the place seems decent. Your typical bar place, with a restaurant on the other end. Kind of noisy in a sense, but of course you got people watching sports and drinking. Sitting down to eat, may make it difficult to hear the waitress or difficult for the waitress to hear us. Then there is that scenario, where its hard to hear across the table, to the point that you have to raise your voice or yell to get your message across. But if you're into the bar scene, more than the restaurant, it might be a good place for you to grab a few beers and watch the game. Sitting down to eat, may have mix feelings, depends how busy the place is. A few things I like, is the staff being nice. The waitress was prompt, even though she did look a bit worn down. I'm guessing since its only her taking orders and serving, it can really wear out a person. That, or its nearing the end of her shift. But she stayed prompt and was nice about serving us. As far as the food goes. It is my first time there, so its kind of hard to say. But the fried macaroni cheese balls and a pepperoni pizza was mainly the main course. I'm a pizza person, and I did like the pizza. A bit on the greasy side, but, still fulfilling. The macaroni cheese balls, not so much. It was a nice concept, but the fact of eating the hard edges, felt like I was eating the macaroni out of the box. A bit hard and chewy, till you get to the center, which was okay. Just a bit hard on my teeth. Overall, Whiskey Dick's does have its ups and downs. Like I said before, if you want to grab a beer and watch sports, this is a decent place in the north end. Sitting down to eat, depends on when you go and how hungry you are. Another good thing I like, was the menu and how funny they name their food.  As well as the comments they describe that food. Other than that, I'm still iffy on coming back restaurant wise.  Beer and gaming wise, maybe.
4	we went as a suprise crew for a friends bday party and it turned out to be a great night my wife and i shared an appitiser of hot wings and they were amazing and we had tons of 2 dollar happy hour shots and not bad priced beer....over all a great night of fun and a good place to party and drink !!
3	Food is pretty good here, chips are awsome.The wait staff still could use some traning.Have had problems with them 2 out of the 3 times I have been here.
2	Well, I have been here a few times now, just not sure why I go back?  I've only been happy with the service and food once.  This time the service was OK but my burger was terrible, some "Mozz Burger".  Don't waste your taste buds!  I see other people have had issues with the service here before.  Once we were refused lunch service unless we sat at the bar.  To there credit, that waitress no longer works there and we were given a gift certificate to go back and try them again.  I brought a buddy with me this time and he says he will not be back.  They also made there menu smaller.  I think its only burgers, chicken and pizza now.
2	went on a friday night... it was EMPTY wtf.... the band playing was too loud, and the lead singer must have thougt hes Bon Jovi in the 80s.. or Axel dunno.Anyways, there were neither any guys, nor aifroce guys there. If anyone knows where to hang with airforce guys, PLEASE let me know.Our shots were way too expensive.... just saying. The other prices where ok for beer and tequilla mixers.
3	I enjoy this bar, except for one thing - I don't drink beer. When I try ordering a mixed drink, I usually get the response of "Oh the bartender is gonna HATE you!" And nobody wants a pissed off bartender! I've just started ordering 7&7 or rum and Coke when I go now, because I'm afraid of the reaction I'll get if I ask for a martini. Yes, I know it's a BAR and not some hot-shot place downtown, but I think they would get more repeat female customers if they came up with a dazzling little drink menu that was tasty!
2	Eh, I suppose I shouldn't expect too much out of a place called Whiskey Dicks. The only plus to this establishment was our waitress. I wish I knew her name... Boo me! She was very friendly and attended to our needs.We went during a happy hour where appetizers were half off. We ordered the chicken wings with the sauce on the side. Eh, oily but edible.Overall, a typical "vegas" local bar.
5	After getting shitty service at Pt's we decided to check this place out.  I think I found my new dive bar.  The bartenders and servers were very nice.  The live band was good and the place had a good vibe.  Bartenders are very friendly and down to earth.  Prices are not bad and they have a nice tv set up! A+
1	Menu is on a piece of paper covered in dried up beer/ liquor. Be careful what you order to drink. Order bottled beer so you actually get what youre ordering. If youre a top shelf liquor drinker DONT ORDER IT!. They fill up the top shelf bottles, even call liquor bottles with generic cheap liquor. I've seen the bartenders do it in their liquor room. The service is horrible. The owner is obnoxious and loud! This place deserves zero stars.
2	The thing that attracted me to Whiskey Dick's was their advertisement for $4.95 lunch specials.   It consists of regular sandwiches, chicken sandwiches, burgers and I think pizza.  It's bar food, but not the best bar food I've had.  Sandwiches come with pretty good fries (think Five Guys), but the sandwiches themselves aren't at the same level as the fries.  It would be like having a giant LED flatscreen TV, and then using a set of $30 department store speakers for a sound system.  While one half of the meal is good, the other half isn't quite up to par.I will say that this is actually a decent bar to get lunch at in the middle of the work day, as the space is nice and open and won't leave you smelling like smoke.  I did see that they have specials on Tuesday nights from 7:00pm - midnight: $1 tacos, $5 burgers, $2 miller lites.
4	Yep, Great Pizza... I would like to try other things on their menu but the pizza was so good thats what we always end up ordering each time we go back. The place is a great neighbor hangout and this is a mostly locals (or maybe some people come down from the cannery).  Great place.  Will be there on Saturday. Good food, good selection of beer and good value.Not to noisy but we have not been there in the evening... only for lunch or late afternoon / early dinner.
2	Ahhh Whiskey Dick's, what a shit hole. I went there on two separate occasions to listen to a band that was playing and was completely underwhelmed. The layout isn't horrible but it is a little awkward (there is a lounge all the way to the left in the back where the exceedingly drunk customers go to lay down before their inevitable trek home). I had a very nice and personable server named Teddy. She was Whiskey Dick's only redeeming factor. When I tried to get service at the bar, a man who was not the bartender but was serving drinks anyway, completed ignored me on multiple passes (please note the bar was not even busy). Like the patient person I am, I waited. After what seemed like an eternity went by, the actual bartender returned and took my order promptly and apologized for the lack of service. I inquired as to who the other man was who was serving drinks and he told me he was the owner. Hmph, I thought...how interesting.
2	Note: my location probably says Denver, I relocated to CO two weeks before this review. During my 6 months living in North Las Vegas, there were literally three places to go for a "good" time (more on the quotes later) in my neighborhood - here, the Cannery, and Mulligans. I'll save reviews for the latter two and focus on this hole first.So I've been to a lot of pubs. This place qualifies - they have an independent restaurant they share the premeses with (and although they are "separate" businesses really, I'm tossing the extra star to Dick's since that's where I ordered and ate the food) but it's really more of a bar with incidental food (and I think it's great for bar fare).Too bad food alone can't make up for just a shitty vibe.I confess that some of my disappointment in this place might be a single example of pretty much every divey bar in the valley, but I still stand by my rating - it's just that 90% of pubs / bars in the valley (especially off the strip / Fremont) would rate no better than 2 stars on a good day. The reasons I will cite would apply pretty well universally.If you come from any place in America, or have even visited any place, that has a "Cheers" in your neighborhood, you might mistakenly think that this could be your place, and that's where I went wrong. You don't really try to have a conversation with anyone at Whiskey Dick's, for any reason, unless you bring your own. I'm a social animal and I like to meet people when I'm new in a strange place. Not that difficult in DC, Denver, Portland, you name it. Vegas? Dick's specifically? Everyone is too busy drinking rail liquor (because there's not a good draft beer in sight), chain smoking and pumping the bartop slots full of $20s to pay you more than a head nod if you try to strike something up.Now the locals, those are the cornerstone of any truly good neighborhood bar (and this is the only one in the area that stands a real chance of BEING that bar). The locals here are all super tight knit, not at all welcoming (you could come here 5 days a week and they won't acknowledge you, even if you chat first), and just as obnoxious drunk as you wish they wouldn't be. I'm pretty sure, as I've gotten to know two people there pretty well, that every regular in that place has slept with everyone else (bartenders included); the bros and rednecks there will (and actually did to a friend of mine) try like hell to steal your girl while she's drunk...So yeah. I'm not rating this place on the drinks or the service which are both just meh. I'm rating it as a guy who moves to a place and looks for a decent place to lounge around that isn't my house. If the vibe in here was friendly and welcoming, and I hadn't been touched by social tragedies (of others, and one of my own) on several occasions that were DIRECTLY the result of Whiskey Dick's, I might have at least lukewarm feelings about the place. But in my eyes, this is pretty much the best choice for someone who teeters on the edge of a long downward hate spiral in life.Better off staying home and picking up a hobby.It's not as bad as the Park Tavern in Denver, pretty much only because Dick's doesn't have steakhead bouncers that harass you (seriously) before you even get in the door, and again after you leave and spend money with them.
3	Ah, divey bars, you either love 'em or it's pure haterade!This one, however, has great brews on draught, a good pizza joint in-house (separate entity) , and live music. Oh, yeah, and no cover.I will typically get a pitcher & share with anyone at my table. This time around, I got Batch 19 and it was so good & cheap ($9).  The pitcher is a little deceiving (only a little over 4 pints) but has an ice holder to keep beer cool.  Nice touch.The bar is oddly shaped, kinda like a revers question mark.  On the right side is pool & there are various games throughout the bar, including the VERY annoying punching bag, right next to the stage. I think they unplug it when a band is slated, good thing, too: it does distract from the live music. The pizza place (The Pizza Kings) will get it's own review since you get a separate check for food & for bar items.As far as service, all the previous times I was here, the cocktail waitresses were pretty on the spot.  They may have been over worked this past Friday, though.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt & will come here again.Let's bottom line this place: cheap good beer, decent-to-good food, free live music, and all the drunk entertainment you could want.  If you're lucky.
4	Pizza Kings is separate, but they're no where on Yelp, so, I'll add it.For an in the-the-bar pizza joint, the food is surprisingly good & eclectic.  Last time I was here, I ordered their Mozzarella Caprese (salad).  It was good, not great for one reason: flavorless tomatoes.  The basil, cheese, & especially balsamic reduction were right on point, though.  I would imagine that with some good Campari tomatoes, this would be a great dish.  Served with 2 sides of ranch for some strange reason.I have had their pizza, and it is standard, but very solid pizza.  Good sauce, good amount of cheese, & crust that is just chewy enough.The hot ticket is their $19.99 special of a 16" 1 topping pizza 12 wings or 8 chicken fingers, & a large order of fries.  A great value & perfect for a table of 4 if you're at Whiskey Dick's for the music.Lastly, the Zeppolis are tasty and fun to share.  Kinda like dense beignet, all covered in powdered sugar.  You get lots per order.  Also, as someone is eating one, make them laugh so you can see them cough "smoke".
5	This place has a little bit of everything.  The staff if super sweet, arcade games are available and bands play on the weekends. My boyfriend and I find ourselves there on Saturday evenings.  They have a great happy hour until 7 pm, but the best part is from 8 pm to 11 pm ladies drink free flavored Stoli drinks on Saturdays.
4	This place is a little low key dive bar that I find appealing for some reason. Maybe it was the unlimited free vodka drinks hahah. They have ladies nights (on Saturday for sure, but I missed what other days they offer this promotion) from 7-11pm where you can have free Smirnoff vodka drinks. Normally with free promotions, you get your first drink and then the wait staff usually ignores you and it's impossible to get more, but that wasn't the case here. Since it wasn't that crowded we got pretty decent service and I was feeling pretty good by the end of the night. Then on Friday & Saturday nights starting at 10pm they offer live music. They have one pool table, which is a bummer because there was always someone playing on it so it didn't become available the entire time we were there. They also have food offerings from The Pizza Kings, however we did not sample it this time around. Just glancing through the menu I saw they offer a lot of different pub fare type dishes.
1	Went to this bar on a sat night and was very pleased w the service so we came back the very next day and it's amazing how in a matter of a couple of hours this bar went from sugar to shitty service!! We sat there for 10 w/o even being spoken to and when Jessica finally decided to come over she approached us with a rude tone and asked  "what are U guys drinking" no hello, hi or anything!! She didn't know any of the specials and seemed annoyed that we didnt either..  It took her forever to bring back our drinks! We asked to speak w the mgr who just  so happen to be the chick cussing behind the bar about her "fucking cowboys team" who went on to tell us they don't normally introduce themselves but she would talk to her.. Umm last time I checked u dont have  to introduce yourself, but a hello, hi, how r u is still the norm.. Riiiggght..Wanted to order food but once we saw she was also the cook.. We decided to drink our beers and leave..
1	I put $36 in and cashed out at $15 and the bitch bartender didn't want to comp my 2 draft beers. It was my first time here and I won't be back thanks to his shitty service. F**** u male bartender who threw a bitchfit you lost 3 loyal customers. And I will spread the word and tell friends not to waste their time at whiskey dicks with their shitty service no wonder they're losing business
1	Went yesterday, a Friday night after work with a group of my friends (15+ people) and we were really the only people in the place.  It's a bar, nothing fancy.  It's dark, smoky, and seating isn't too bad.  The food is typical bar food and it's also not bad.  They don't have happy hour specials on food, which kinda stinks because I spent $16 on 2 appetizers.So why only 1 star, you ask?  The worst service I have ever received in my life!  Our waitress was "Jess" and she had a terrible attitude the whole 4 hours we were there.  She was extremely short with all of her responses, didn't know the specials, and seemed annoyed that she had to even be there.  She disappeared often and would not return to our table for 30 minutes each time.  Our DDs never got refills, the food was delivered semi-cold, and she never brought us checks- even when the first two people in our group requested theirs.The part that really made me angry, though, is when the people who were leaving for the night got their checks, Jess included some of the food and drinks for some people who had left earlier on our bill because she forgot to include it on theirs.  WHAT?!  How is that our fault OR even the fault of the people that paid and left??  She is lucky that the tip was already included because none of us were going to leave one.  We won't be returning unless desperate!
3	Pizza kings is greasy cheap bar food the best pizza I think not bartenders are friendly..and its a good bar to watch games at
1	So I went to this bar last night with a group from work. The bar tender was extremely friendly and had a great personality. This was during the Sunday night football game so there were roughly 15 people in the bar. After the game, it was only my group of 3 and 1 other customer. So we moved to a table and attempted to order food! There seemed to be a waitress on site but did not come to our table! I had to walk up to the kitchen window and order food as if I was at McDonalds!! Only difference is McDonalds would have had better service! The "waitress" seemed to not care about anything except the fact she was friends with the owner! I asked if there was any specials and the girl yelled to the bar tender "is the game on still on"! Once she realized the game was over she said NOPE! Sense it was a celebration with my team, I ordered a pizza anyway! I should have taken my team to Pizza Hut, the service would have been better and the food sure would have as well! No need to stop or order food from here it will be a waste of time and money!
4	I came here to meet up a friend and grab some beers. Right when i enter I see they have a pool table and some booths for food.  I made my way to meet up my friend at the bar and the bartender checked our IDs . He was friend and got our drinks and continually checked up on us. We even ordered food. We got chicken tenders and garlic fries! So good! All bar food in my opinion is good ha! The was friendly and its not smoking so that a huge plus!
4	Great dive bar. Features Fun bartenders. Layout is a nice place to watch a game, shoot pool, or watch a band on the stage. I went at lunch time. Either run into Aimee or Melissa. Fun sisters. For lunch i highly recommend their chili cheese dog! So delicious!
5	I heard so many bad things about this bar and so had my husband, to our surprise it was the complete opposite of what we heard. My husband asked if I wanted to go and I was a little weary but it was ladies night and they were having a really good deal on drinks so I decided what the heck. We got there and heard music from outside and we were excited to see they had a live band, it was clean inside and wasn't too busy but it wasn't a bad crowd at all, a few older couples, some women, and some guys from the nearby Air Force base. I ordered a beer and the waitress came back in less than a few minutes. I asked her about the ladies night specials when she came back around to check on us and she broke it down for me, I ordered a vodka cranberry and figured it was going to be weak considering it was $1 but nope it wasn't super strong but it wasn't weak like I was expecting. The waitress was super fast and was great at making sure our needs were met and I never had an empty drink in my hand. We will definitely be coming back especially now that the kitchen is open again :)
1	I live down the street from this place. On a Sunday afternoon my friend and I stopped in for a drink or two. There were only three other people in the bar. The bartender was prompt with asking for our order, I had a draft beer. My friend had a tad bit of a hangover and did not want another beer. He ordered a Bloody Mary. After about two sips of her drink she accidentally  knocked it over. After waiting for about five minutes to try to get a towel so she could clean it up, she reached over the bar, got napkins and cleaned it up herself. The bartender comes over a while later and ask if we want another drink. My friend says yes, and that she didn't even get to enjoy the last one b/c she spilled it. This man then proceeds to say well can't you just drink beer? I don't really like making Bloody Mary's. I was appalled with his response, he then says if this was a full house the other customers would have heckled you for ordering that drink. Needless to say, I will NEVER step foot in thy place again. He was rude, pompous, and evidently not interested in making money for himself or the owner!
2	Could be 3-4 stars but the old pizza place had better food and we were sitting as far from the band as possible and couldn't even hear each other talking. I understand having an exciting live band, but not even being able to communicate to the other people at your table is outrageous. Especially because we are all aircraft maintainers so we are used to being in loud environments. We would have liked to stay longer, but can't talk so we are leaving. I don't think we will come back anymore. New management should reevaluate some of the new business practices.  Only reason it got 2 stars was because we had a good waitress.
5	We go to Whiskey Dicks every Tuesday for Taco Tuesday.  With new kitchen owners and new menu things are much better. Connie takes really good care of us and Melissa does a great job from the bar. We walk in the door are greeted and drinks are on the table. I can be difficult at times but these ladies ALWAYS get us taken care of. Wish we could bring kids in for pizza Again. Got 18 19 20 yr old grand kids we have to get pizza to go for. We like this place.
4	My wife and I went over here with some friends for their karaoke night. They had a great promotion for dollar drinks for girls and we had a blast everybody there was great the bartenders were awesome great selection and drinks and karaoke was off the hook!!! They do karaoke every other week Friday and Saturday nights!
1	Stopped by here for the first time and the food was the worst. Had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich and there was a tiny strip of chicken on a hoagie bun covered in lettuce.  The waitress did not know the selection of beer. BTW the beer is the best this place has to offer.
5	Great food. New menu and cooks. Love the fresh salads they have now.  The bartenders are all friendly and really nice.  The happy hour half price pizza is bomb.  Beer prices are great. Really wide selection of tap and bottled beer.
4	I do not agree with many of the negative reviews below. Whiskey Dicks is a good local pub with great food, draft beer, and live music that's located outside of Nellis AFB. The servers are friendly and knowledgable and the service is always fast. This place has come a long way in two years. The difference between the first time I visited Whiskey Dicks and now is vast. It's brighter and clean. The menu has a robust list of well priced pub food that's delicious, including salads and multiple specialty sandwiches. Some of the best items are the pizza and the wings. WD also has a decent variety of inexpensive beers on draft, plus a 20% discount for military. Although it is a little weird that the bar and the restaurant are owned by separate companies, meaning separate checks, the 20% discount applied to both. My large mug of Alaskan Amber came to only $4.20. That truly cannot be beat. Overall I'm impressed with Whiskey Dicks and appreciate it for what it is. A good local pub that serves delicious and inexpensive food.
5	Absolutely love to go here and people watch haha my husband and I once watched to friends "silent" fight over a guy they had just met. It was hilarious! Cheap drinks and a good time to just sit and chill. I do think their blooming onion thing gave me food poisoning once but who knows it could have been anything I ate that day. If you don't wash onions properly its easy to do so whatevs :) just wouldn't eat here again lol!
