5	Tempus if my favourite bar on George Street, and the standard is high. It is so unassuming, as part of the ultra-trendy George Hotel it is passed by without much of a glance, but boy oh boy. It is so cool. The furniture is really nice, big and bulky. It feels expensive. The wine glasses are huge and yes, the wine is chilled to perfection. I came for lunch and had the Tempus burger which was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. I went back the next evening for dinner and had duck - probably the best duck I've ever had. It was delicious.The bar is my favourite part. The cocktails are expensive but really worth it (well, one or two) if he's buying...! If you don't believe me, pop in for a look. You'll end up staying, I guarantee it.
3	Tempus is the revamped bar in the George Hotel, previously not as cool, now looking like a modern, trendy, sleek and polished wine bar.I wouldn't rush here for a drink if you're after the height of coolness and people at fashion's cutting edge, as it still has that feel of a hotel bar about it, which can be a hard formula to get right sometimes. Maybe it's because it's still fairly grand, with a lot of open spaces between the tables, that makes it feel slightly cold and lacking in an atmosphere you can pinpoint, but you can't deny that it looks good. The staff are really nice and keen to accommodate whatever you want, so I always rate the customer service, plus the cocktail list is fab, so I would recommend steering your eyes towards that first of all.
4	I agree with Emily T (not just because she has an excellent name), Tempus is my favourite bar on George Street.  It's a tough place to attempt to visit on a Friday after work, but then so are most places in town.  But, the quality of the drinks, food and staff are exceptional and I walked away from my visit very satisfied.  I came here with my parents (really the only way I could afford it) when they were staying in the George Hotel.  I had an excellent bottle of wine I wanted to share for my graduation and we weren't allowed to take it with us to Kitchin, so my parents tried Tempus.  Not only were we allowed to bring our own wine, they didn't charge corkage and gave us the same pomp they would have if we'd bought it there.  To accompany the wine we had THE BEST mussels in a garlic and cream sauce I've ever had.  We were thisclose to drinking the leftover sauce from the bowl.  We had a few other appetisers and drinks but man, three-four years later my dad is still talking about those mussels and asks to go back for them every time my parents visit.
5	What can I say? I love Edinburgh and I love this restaurant/bar!Everything we tried was absolutely delicious even the haggis and especially the MINI fish and chips! Don't get me started with the sticky pudding.  Seriously that was the MOST memorable thing we had on our trip! No lie, it is one of the MUST thing you have to eat before you die. LOVE LOVE everything and the great staff!
4	We stayed at the George Hotel while we were in Edinburgh, and ended up eating here twice for breakfast and twice for dinner.The first dinner we had here was to die for.  My rozmopolitan cocktail was to die for, and they made my husband a great drink as well.  The smoked salmon appetizer was delicious-- the potato blinis were the perfect vehicle for the salmon, and the horseradish creme wasn't overpowering.  For entrees, I had the four herb fettucine with steak and loved it.  The noodles were definitely closer to linguine than fettucine, but the sauce was light and delicious and the beef filet pieces were grilled very well.  My husband had the filet and said it was excellent; the fries that came with had a great balsamic sauce on top and the onion rings were a delicious bonus.Our second dinner was less exciting, but still very good.  We both had steaks; my sirloin was cooked perfectly at medium, but his ended up more medium well than medium rare, which was very unfortunate.The breakfast is a standard Scottish breakfast, but everything is done very well.  The eggs are fresh, the sausage is great, and there's a wide selection of fruit.Service is great at both mealtimes, and the vibe is classy without being stuffy.I'd highly recommend Tempus, especially if you are staying at the George.
5	Amazing food. Highly recommend the "glazed carrots" and the cobb salad. The ambiance is very nice and pleasant. Not too loud. Usually there is live music playing which adds a nice touch to the feel of the place. The waiters wear kilts which is fun!
2	On a previous visit during the Festival I had been really impressed with Tempus enjoying a cocktail and sharing a platter and some small dishes at what was a reasonable cost for such grand surroundings.  Sadly this visit was less successful.  The bar seemed understaffed as the sole kilted waiter rushed about and the bar top was cluttered with used glasses.  Our first two drinks came fairly promptly but when our two friends joined us their martinis took absolutely ages.  We had intended eating from the bar menu but after waiting for attention and finally trying to order at the bar (table service only we were told), we went elsewhere.
3	I should start by congratulating the staff at Tempus with managing to make what surely must be the world's smallest portions of bread to accompany their pate starter dish. Remember to bring your microscope with you if you plan to eat here. The waiting staffs uniforms were also very disorganised with one waiter choosing to wear a kilt while the rest wore trousers. Personally I find this highly distasteful. Finally the contents of the Christmas crackers can only be described as far from jolly. A merry Christmas indeed. The food was generally well met and our server was alright but could not remember what beverages were on offer without a moments hesitation.
