4	Easy to miss this place while rolling down McDowell. This hole in the wall specializing in homey (and halal) Somali food appeared to be a 2-person operation on my visit, with the proprietor running the register, serving, and putting out food on the small steam table where he was keeping the day's featured dishes and a woman in the kitchen taking care of plating other food and dishwashing.At first, you have to dig into the menu to find the Somali/Mediterranean options as most of the real estate is devoted to lunch specials and plates aimed at mainstream American tastes (burgers, cheese steak sandwiches, fried fish, wings, etc). My $10 plate lunch of cubed/chopped mildly seasoned, roasted goat shoulder and tasty rice came with a little bit of green salad, a small portion of deliciously tangy pinto beans, a small cup of fine chopped jalapenos and onion ("hot sauce"), and a good sized bowl of rich vegetable (though, likely not vegetarian) soup. I washed it all down with an agua fresca-like mango drink without the teeth-aching sweetness so often found in the Mexican fruit waters.As I was finishing up my meal, a small crowd of African (Somali?) cab drivers descended on the place--almost all of whom had a salmon, rice, and salad plate, which was served and eaten with a fresh banana. Some of the guys appeared to be regulars who felt very much at home there. Great testament to the owner's hospitality.On my way out, I chatted a bit with the proprietor about the day's offerings, and he indicated that he has plans to add more items to the menu and vary the offerings from day to day. I hope this means that eventually the Somali/East African items will take center stage.
4	A few weeks ago while driving around i noticed a few people walking into this hole in the wall type of place, didnt think much of it at the time but every time i drove by after that my curiosity kept making me wanting to find what this place was all about. Last night was the night in which i hadnt even finished my plate of delicious grilled goat with rice, steamed cabagge and spinach with some black beans in which i was already planning my next meal here. To tell you the truth the service was a little slow, the original menu item i wanted wasnt available (the chief cook had the night off) and they offered me and my friend the grilled goat and the marinated chicken. By the end of my meal i was thankful i had the goat....it was beyond amazing! I must say that i am ready to try more Somalian dishes.....im sold on it! Next time im trying the kabobs with the yellow rice.
4	Excellent food, friendly staff. Salmon was wonderful, incredible rice and interesting salad dressing.
