5	I was moving out of my apartment and needed my carpet cleaned ASAP and done well. It was a cream colored carpet and it looked more like chocolate! I called them up and was very impressed by the level of customer service. When I spoke to Mike, he was very friendly and polite. They did a wonderful job! It looked just as good as when I moved in! I highly recommend them! You won't be sorry!
5	Very thorough cleaning. Trustworthy and knowledgeable.
5	I can't say enough good things about this company.  Mike returns phone calls, shows up on time, is knowledgeable and professional.  He goes the extra mile to ensure you are more than pleased.  I will be calling this company again and recommending him to my friends.  So very impressed!!!!!!
5	We had Mike Sweet come to our house to clean our carpets three times. The last time we also had him clean our tile. He's always done a fantastic job on the carpets, but I could not believe how fabulous our tile looked when he finished cleaning it! Mike and his staff are friendly, courteous and take care not to ding up your walls, etc. they even wear the blue booties so they are not tracking dirt on your freshly cleaned floors! I would highly recommend Sweet Touch Carpet Cleaners as your go to guys to get the job done right the first time!
5	Called these guys up on a Friday and was able to get an appointment on Sunday.Joel and Juan were very nice and did a very good job at cleaning our carpet (hope we get our rental deposit back).  Comparing Sweet Touch with this other company we went with a while back after seeing a coupon in the weekly ads, Sweet Touch did a better job 10 times better.  Their prices are affordable and don't hide any extra fees from you.  What they quote you is what you pay.  Thanks SweetTouch!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
5	Based on the reviews and the fact that their business address is near my home, I tried to call them to get an appointment. It was on Tuesday the week of Thanksgiving. And I was able to get the appointment on that same Saturday.  Michael was on the phone and was very politely explaining to me what they have to offer and gave me a quote. I am glad that I go with them. The appointment was at 3:30 PM. However, I got a call at 2:15 PM from Michael asking if they can come a little early, since they got the other job done.  A crew of two gentlemen showed up within 1/2 hour later.  I don't remember names, but they both were very kind, cheerful, and professional. They asked me to show them all the carpeted areas that need to be cleaned. They explained to me what needs to be done, then they quickly started setting up. When they were done, the carpet look great and smelled good. They also taught me how to keep the carpet dry quicker . I followed and the carpet was dry by 8:00 PM that evening.  That was great, because I was worry that it won't be dry by the time we went to bed. They charged exactly the price quoted. And I think that was also excellent that they kept their words, and that's easy for me as a customer. I will definitely call them again next time I need a carpet cleaning.Thank you Michael and the team.Hoang
5	I got a Groupon and took a chance!  I am so gald that I did.  I too got a call that they would be able to come early and they did an EXCEPTIONAL job.  The two guys that came over were super nice and proffessional.  We will be using them again before Graduation visitors come and I am sure a few times before we move out of the rental!  THanks for doing an awesome job and I have been telling all of our friends!
5	A few weeks ago I called mike asking if I could schedule a rent ready package but I didn't give him the precise date that I wanted it done. He then warned me that if I don't schedule it soon then he might be all booked for the weekend. Like he warned me, he was booked all weekend y the time I found out my schedule but he did his best to fit me in. On the day of cleaning he inspected the apartment and was very honest about how I shouldn't be paying him to clean it because it wasn't that dirty. Knowing that he was honest shows that he's just not in it for the money. Instead of paying $170 dollars for the cleaning, he charged me $50 and he only cleaned what was necessary which I really appreciated!Thank you sweet touch carpent cleaning!
5	I used these guys because I had a groupon to clean four rooms for $79. What a bargain! Grady arrived right at his scheduled time and did all four areas in about an hour. He was courteous and friendly and professional. My carpets look way cleaner. I would definitely use them again, especially if I'm able to use another groupon.
1	Terrible company.  Apparently too busy to return calls and emails to schedule business.  Tried 3 times calling and no one is helpful.  Go elsewhere!
5	We just bought a Phoenix home and I hired these guys to do a $250 thorough carpet cleaning, because I could not wait to do the Groupon special.  They went out and cleaned, but when we arrived there was still visible soiling.  After talking to the owner, he sent the crew out again  and the carpet now looks tons cleaner - we are pleased!  Highly recommend!
1	Update:  they finally contacted me after my 3 attempts.  Because I had prepaid for this service through Groupon, I decided to see if things would get better and scheduled a 4 room cleaning.  First, they had my address wrong, even in the wrong city.  I live in Phoenix, they had me listed on a wrong street in Buckeye.  Second, they arrived an hour late due to this incompetency since they couldn't find an address that didn't exist on their gps.  Third, they did not clean the master bedroom's closet, which is part of the master bedroom?  Now I have a distinct line separating my bedroom carpet from the closet's.  It looks terrible, like a before and after?  The 2 technicians were nice enough but given all the problems with scheduling and arriving on time to the correct address (which had been sent electronically too by the way, so how they got the wrong street and wrong city is beyond me) and other issues, you would be much better off to use a different company that is more organized.
5	Purchased their service through Groupon. They were punctual arriving during their 4-hour window.EXCELLENT Service. Great carpet cleaning. Have tried half-dozen other companies and Sweettouch is BY FAR the best.I will buy another Groupon as I want our carpets cleaned only by Sweettouch.
5	Juan and Ray provided the best carpet cleaning service I've had in 20 years. Punctual, well groomed, polite and very knowledgeable about carpet cleaning, they are clearly professionals.  The work quality was outstanding. Furniture and walls were properly prepared and the carpets were thoroughly cleaned in 45 min. I appreciated that there was no up-sell. I bought a Groupon and it was honored with no nonsense about extra dough for trip charges, deodorizers, Scotchgard and stain removers. They just cleaned my carpets professionally - no negotiations.  Mom recommended to me, now I recommend to you. I will definitely use from now on.
5	I looked at several different companies and got quotes from them all, none were as fair as Sweettouch.  After looking at the Yelp reviews, I had hoped that the reviews were all legit, but I wasn't holding my breath.  But then I spoke to the owner to book service.  Not only did he quote me a fair price, he accommodated my same day service request.  Two guys came over, verified the price and services, then did exactly what they said they'd do.  No upselling, no "oh by the way"s, just efficient, careful, and courteous service.  I'm very pleased to take the time to let anyone considering ST to give them a shot.,  You won't be disappointed!
5	Excellent service! The two guys that cleaned my carpet were incredibly friendly and professional. They did an outstanding job. I will definitely be using this company in the future. My carpet looks brand new.
5	Sweettouch carpet cleaning were great! I have used so many other companies and al promised the same, but Sweettouch actually delivered that promised. It has been a month since they came to clean my carpets and the carpets still looking clean. Definitely using them again!
5	Purchased their service through Groupon as I needed my carpets cleaned prior to turning in the house keys to my landlord.  I was able to get an appointment with them very quickly (within two days as this was a last minute appointment).  The Sweettouch employees are very professional, provides superior service, and results are AMAZING! my carpets look immaculate once finished and quality cleaning in 35 minutes! they went above and beyond and even cleaned everything in the house that had carpet (originally purchased the 5 rm deal and closet carpet was included with cleaning).  I would highly recommend this company and I will def be using them again in the near future!
5	Straight up... this is by far the best company my family has ever used for carpet cleaning.  Juan and Ray are the best.. they came at the time requested, helped moved some furniture and made a few recommendations (not pushy at all) for pet pee stain removal so I took the recommendation.There equipment looked state of the art for the industry and my whole house was done in under an hour and at a price that was about 50.00 less than a company I had called before...!I recommend this company to anyone as they really care about the customer and offer the service at a reasonable rate too.
5	This company does what it promises. They showed up on time, were professional and cleaned the carpet without any up-selling crap that a lot of places do. The carpet was clean, the communication was excellent and the price was very reasonable. I will use this company again.
5	Used a groupon and loved it. Can't beat the price. I got the 4 bedroom and after talking with the owner he did the rest of the house (living room, dining room, hallways, stairs and loft) for a flat fee. The guys came out and where professionals (one more then the other, but it's ok he was young). Came early and explained everything. Mind you, our carpets were not stained or anything we just wanted a deep cleaning and I can't complain. We will use again. Thanks yelpers and groupon another success.
5	The prices and flexibility are fantastic. Michael and his partner showed up early, they called first to confirm we were ready. They were very nice and thorough. They moved all the furniture and cleaned everywhere. They provided us plastic footies to use while the carpet was drying. Our high traffic area was very stained and when they left it looked new! I would highly recommend sweettouch carpet cleaning.
5	They are amazing. Professional, friendly, was able to come out the next day at no additional charge. I would recommend them to anyone!
5	EXTREMELY HAPPY w/ service all the way around.  My carpets look excellent.  Not only do they "look" excellent.  They were cleaned to my standards.  Sweettouch stands behind their service!  I will NEVER go to another carpet cleaning service.  Pricing was fair.  No add on charges once they were here and no upselling.  The 2 men who came to clean my carpet were extremely professional.  I felt very comfortable having them in my home.  They examined my carpet PRIOR to cleaning and explained to me what stains may not come out.  Even though I knew some wouldn't I felt that it was very professional that they went over it with me.  Michael (owner) setup my appointment.  I appreciated the extra time he took with me on the phone to explain to me the cleaning process and what to expect from his company as far as quality and even solutions that would be used on my carpet.  They precall to say they are on their way.  They were even able to arrive a little earlier than apt time.  I couldn't be happier with my experience overall!  Thanks Sweettouch!  You have a customer for life!
5	I used Sweettouch for the first time after purchasing a Groupon for their services. I've NEVER been more pleased with a carpet cleaning company, and being more than half a century old, I've tried more than a few. Their customer service is second to none, and my 12 year old carpet looks amazing!! I recommend them highly, and will be using them again myself.
5	These guys were awesome. 12 year old carpet looks new. The price was also fantastic. I highly recommend this company.
5	I have now used Sweettouch twice to do my carpets. Both times with a Groupon for four rooms. I really can't say enough good about them. The super high reviews are legit - these guys are great. Two gentlemen arrived at my home this last time - very professional and got my carpets done in about an hour. I have really cheap, nasty fifteen year old carpet that looks like the after pics of a hoarder house after it's been cleared out. The carpet looks new now. Unbelievable. They did have a scheduling issue this last time because of a truck that lost AC, and Michael offered to throw in a rug for the inconvenience. I told the guys and they happily cleaned a rug for me. I will never use another carpet cleaning service. This is a rare company that is honest, reliable, friendly, and provides wonderful service.
5	This is by far the best company I have ever used for carpet cleaning.  Michael is the best.. they came at the time requested, helped moved some furniture and made a few recommendations (not pushy at all) for pet pee stain removal so I took the recommendation.Their equipment looked state of the art for the industry and my whole house was done in under an hour and at a price that was less than a company I had called before.I recommend this company to anyone.  Very conscientious and professional.
5	I called three other companies before deciding to go with Sweettouch.  When I called to get an estimate, I found Michael the owner to be extremely knowledgeable and professional.  His prices were also very reasonable in comparison to the other companies.  On the day of the cleaning, Michael and Juan were early, courteous and extremely professional.  They did such a wonderful job!  Our carpets and tile look amazing!!  We will definitely be using them again in the future!!
5	Highly impressed with this company.Long story short, we let a guy live in our carpeted basement with his husky that absolutely destroyed our carpet in the period of 2 months. We thought we were doing our due diligence by spot cleaning after we discovered spots (and kicking the guy out). Well we still could tell the carpets were nasty and decided we would have to pull them out. Had a slight change of heart realizing the cost to refloor 2000+ft and gave Sweettouch a call to see if we could salvage.Michael came out initially to steamclean. He warned my husband that the treatment may not get through to those heavily saturated spots that went through to subfloor and reviewed options. My husband elected to add on pretreatment. At the time Michael noticed severe buckling in the carpet and mentioned it should be restretched-  a service they offer, but didn't pressure the sale. When I came home from work that night I was impressed with the improvement but did see what Michael meant about restretching. We called him back and set up an appt.Michael returned to our house to restretch. Again, very quick and professional and we were happy with the service. At that time we decided to set up a 3rd appt to have him back out to do a deep treatment through the pad and to the subfloor to really tackle the urine spots where he flooded the spots with a solution to break up the salts and then used a water claw. Michael was out again today to finish up our 3rd appt. He did a great job and saved our carpet. It smells great, looks new and we didn't have to spend thousands to replace our basement carpet. We are very happy with the service and the best part is that all 3 times we ended up paying less than what we were quoted. I am picky and I really don't believe you will find a better service to take care of your floors. We plan on scheduling Sweettouch again to clean our tile and hardwood very soon. You will be pleased with this company.
5	Used Sweettouch for the first time on well-trafficked, cream carpeting and it looks brand new. Michael and his assistant were punctual, courteous, and did a fantastic job on my carpets and a tufted sofa. Great pricing too. Will definitely call again when ready for a touch-up.
5	Juan came to my house to clean my carpet.  Very nice guy.  He was able to get the carpet back looking clean and fresh.  Will call them again in the future.
5	Definitely as good as it gets.  Mike and Juan came out and cleaned my carpet and tile floor.  Courteous, punctual, professional service.  My tile floor is amazingly clean and the grout is fabulous. Went from dull brown to lovely off white! They also sealed the grout and the tile is good to go for three years.  Love it! Carpets are great also.The pricing was reasonable compared to other similar services in the area.    Thanks Mike and Juan.  Will always use this company.
5	Mike and his crew were very professional, no up selling of unnecessary  products. We had ferrets and they left some residual odor, Mike was able to remove the smell by fogging the house (which only took 20-30 mins) Once he was done any odor was gone! I would highly recommend him to anyone looking to get their carpets cleaned  or odors removed. We will be using him in our new house!!
5	I will not ever use an other carpet cleaning service.  Mike and his crew are simply the best.  They are very professional from the first phone call - paying attention to every detail.  I was certain I would be replacing my entire house with new  carpet after leasing to a roommate with 2 cats and a dog (wish I had pictures). Sweettouch arrived promptly, assessed the damage and took the time to explain in detail what needed to be done.  Mike and his assistant then adorned their blue booties and went to work on my very soiled beige carpeting. About an hour passed and I was totally  shocked...the carpet looks and SMELLS like new.I highly recommend Sweettouch!
5	I used Sweettouch last fall after monsoon season. Having two large dogs, a big yard, a pool and then areas of dirt, it is safe to say that my light colored carpet sure took a beating. I called Sweettouch after purchasing a Groupon (some places normally treat you differently when using coupons) and they were extremely professional and treated me very well. One of the most frustrating things when hiring people to come to your house is the "I'll be there between 10am and 5pm". I was fortunate to not have this experience with Sweettouch! They gave me a time that they would be at my house, and arrived when they said they would. This is one of the most important things in my opinion. After letting the crew into my home, they were highly professional and respectful. They didn't try to "upsell" me like some companies do, and my carpets turned out amazing. I plan to use them again within the next week here as I've moved out, and I recommend them to anyone who is searching for carpet cleaners as these guys are the best!
