4	This was a nice surprise.  I really like sushi, but I don't like having to always drive into the city for decent sushi.  I recently discovered this place just a couple of miles from my house located in the suburbs.  I've tried it twice now.  The first time I was a little nervous about trying the sushi... again, due to its location.  Fox Chapel is better known for Starbucks rather than good ethnic food.  I had the curried chicken and the steamed dumplings.  These were both of good quality.  I thought the curry with the chicken lacked a little flavor, but I'm from the caribbean and used to west indian curry.  The dumplings were nice because they actually were light and not too heavy like they usually are.  I think probably the best chinese in town is the Sesame Inn with a few locations, but this place is fine.  What I am really impressed with is the Sushi.  I had lunch there today and was impressed with the servie and the chef.  The service was really good... maybe a little too much attention, but better that than the alternative.  The Chef seemed to be a trained sushi chef.  I'm guessing he learned his trade in Asia.  I had some excellent quality white tuna, which was delicious.  I also had the spicy scallop with avocado sushi.  It was really nice with great texture with the creaminess of the avocado and sushi and the crunchiness of something else (not sure  what).  I also had the crabmeat sushi, which was pretty good quality.  The rice had good flavor and the right amount of stickiness.  The sushi was wrapped perfectly.  The chef was helpful and very nice.  I would have preferred authentic wasabi instead of the pasty type stuff you get everywhere, but again that's pretty standard.  I didn't try any of the rolls.  I don't typically eat rolls, because they usually are pretty heavy and one of the reasons I eat sushi is to offset my typical gluttony.  However, the selection seemed really good and I was told by another customer at the sushi bar that the TAI PEI 101 Roll was great.  It should be with a $24 pricetag for a roll.  The ingredients are 7 oz. of lobster, eel, asparagus, onion, cucumber, and seaweed salad.  If this place were in the city I would probably just give it 3 stars, but the fact that it's in the burb's and has this good quality justifies the 4 stars.  And, they deliver!
5	This has always been my favorite Chinese Restaurant in the Pgh area. Food is consistently very good - General Tso's is tender, not the shoe leather I sometimes get at other places. Steamed dumplings, wonton soup, lo-mein, all terrific.
1	Please don't go here. I'm begging you. I wouldn't wish this place on my own worst enemy. I wouldn't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend. This place was a literal nightmare. .I think I've been to Jimmy Wan's 4 times this month, so I was sick of it. Plus I'd heard good things about TaiPei, so I thought I'd give it a whirl.The service was abysmal - my waiter took 10 minutes to recognize I'd sat down. He was very kind, but only dropped my food off. No "how's it going", no water refills, no offer of dessert or other courses. A kind busboy kept refilling my drink. The portions are extremely small - I've never seen such tiny sushi rolls in my life. The menu says there's a charge for fried rice instead of white. Huh. Jimmy Wan's offers white and brown, no extra charge. Interesting.The atmosphere was atrocious.  A family in the table to my left and in front let their child (6 or 7, mind you) take off his shoes and walk around. He then ground his heel into the carpet - with a piece of chicken in between. He swiped a cloth napkin from an empty table and rubbed it all over his feet. I audibly gasped, but his obese mother couldn't hear me or ignored me. Then she threatened to take each of their Kindles away if they didn't shut up. The boy was eating with salad tongs instead of a fork all night long.The waitstaff saw what was happening and didn't care at all. My waiter didn't show up after I was finished with my meal and when he did (after I'd requested someone else get him) he failed to clear my dirty plates. I finally told the owner how terrible the whole thing was - namely the ambiance and the service and she asked if I wanted anything to go and apologized for being busy. You...think I want something to go? How were 15 people in the 50 seat restaurant and one small takeout order. How....is that busy?Other reviews have mentioned that the ownership has changed hands. If you care about your health, don't go to a restaurant where the waitstaff doesn't care if children grind chicken into the carpet. If they find that behavior outside of the kitchen normal, can you imagine what they do inside the kitchen? I have no doubt little handwashing goes on and much wiping of noses while cooking.Jews, don't go here on Christmas, even if though they loudly advertise they're open. If 15 people means they're "busy", can you imagine what it'll be like on Christmas?The slowness of the whole establishment is astounding. I dropped my little brother off at Jimmy Wan's immediately before going to TaiPei - a 15 second drive between establishments. Wan's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with 9 other friends. He called me to pick him up as I was paying the bill. How the hell did TaiPei take as long as Jimmy Wan's did to seat and serve and bill 10 people as they did me, the 15th person in their restaurant?Only go here if you have a death wish or are a practicing masochist.
5	I'm very particular about Asian food. Let me emphasize very one more time. Very.I usually have poor experiences, but I was pleasantly surprised with Tai Pei. Both times I dined there, I was greeted, which seems to be a lost art these days, and seated immediately. My waiter was just around the corner and greeted me with water. Both times I ordered sushi, I was able to see it being prepared, which is always a plus. My waiter was quick and served me as soon as the sushi was ready. The second time I went, I ordered sushi and an entree. The service was good but took a while for my main dish to be served. I only mention this since the restaurant wasn't packed.Still, the food was wonderfully prepared. I consider Tai Pei one of my favorite spots!
5	Everything I ate here was just amazing.    I too am picky with Chinese food, as there are so many places that serve sub par food.  This is not one of them.  I will definitely be going back.
3	This is an average Chinese restaurant and don't let anyone tell otherwise. We ordered three different dishes which came out looking the same and worse, tasting the same. But the place ok for a one time trial. The waiter barked back his responses but I think my kids spoke softly so I let it slide. The worst part are the prices. Never have I paid $2.5/ one oily spring roll tasting below average or $2.5 for a Pepsi! are you kidding me. Then rice noodles with three pieces of chicken for $14, chicken mixed veg fro $14? I pay $6 on campus and it tastes better. These prices are not for this restaurant. I have eaten Chinese elsewhere and paid more but my plate was way superior than Tai Pei's. I would recommend it only if you have no choice.
5	Honestly, every aspect (besides our weird waiter) was great.  My food tasted very fresh, and even though the server was a bit awkward and strange, he was very attentive.  It's the best Chinese food I've had in ages.
4	After receiving multiple recommendations for this place, I decided to give it a shot. But upon reading the recent negative reviews, I became nervous. They all had the common theme of: "used to be great, went downhill, too expensive, try Jimmy Wan's." In spite of all that, I called ahead about 20 minutes prior to arrival on a Saturday night to get a table for 6, including two high chairs. We were seated promptly. The place wasn't packed but it was far from dead. Our drink orders were taken and fulfilled and refilled lickety split. We were somewhat indecisive about our entrees, but our appetizers got put in and brought out in a very well-timed fashion. Between the four adults, we ordered two egg rolls, crab rangoon (6) and a vegetable roll. All were very good. The sushi was so good that we ordered another to share. In spite of ordering it last second, it still came out before our hot entrees, which were general tso's chicken and sesame beef. I rate both of these high. Chicken was crispy, not overly sweet or greasy with just a touch of spiciness. Sesame new was new to me but i had a bite and liked itPrices were $13-$17 for the entrees. Some of the chef's specials could get pricey, but there are big ticket items at every sit down restaurant. As for the service, it was courteous, prompt and, best of all, patient when it came to wrangling our hyperactive baby. The server was conscientious about keeping plates and other implements away from our grabby baby and didn't give us dirty looks for the puffs that littered the floor beneath his high chair (note: we tried to pick up as many as we could before we left). I think at our somewhat unfocused pace, we ended up being there for over an hour and we never felt rushed. Nor did we need to flag anyone down for service.My only regret is that I didn't try something more adventurous. On my way to the bathroom, I noticed a hot pot, some dumpling soup, some kind of dish that sizzled like crazy as they brought it out and some sort of sweet, sort of rice wine-y smell that made me wish I had taken advantage of their liquor license.I also got a good glimpse at their sushi bar, which looked quite nice with all of the fresh fish on display. At any rate, I would most definitely come back here. It deserves its $$ rating here, but it's no more expensive than going to China Palace in Shadyside (one of my favorites).
1	I used to frequent Tai Pei once a week or so, but within the last few years, it has gone severely downhill. The food is greasy, way too expensive, and they use massive amounts of MSG. I got terrible MSG poisoning from Tai Pei and ever since then, have gone to Jimmy Wan's down the road.
5	Really good food and good service. The Chinese is the best and most authentic in the area.
5	Consistently excellent.  I enjoy their sushi and know when I get a chicken dish I don't have to guess if it is eatable always good white meat.   I typically do take out and it is well worth the drive
1	We visited with a Groupon last Thursday. We ordered the Hot and Sour Seafood Soup, the black bean chicken, szechuan beef, and lamb with scallions. The soup was awesome! Very spicy!The rest of the food was awful. It was tasteless... the meat had a weird fluffy texture.... there was zero flavor. It was actually so bad that we asked to talk to the manager. He said the kitchen would make new dishes. They brought three new entrees. They were again completely flavorless, but warmer. I couldn't taste salt or pepper  or garlic or even feel any heat. It was awful. We paid and left. yuck. I used to go here as a child. I remember the sushi was always good. Maybe that is the thing to order!
4	Went for a late lunch.  We were seated right away.  We had sushi which was very fresh and delicious; Basil Chicken was mildly spicy but very flavorful. As an appetizer we did have the vegetable steamed dumplings which were very tasty and full of vegetables but we both thought the dumpling dough was a bit thick, but did not deter us to finish it all.  They have a full bar, wines and drink specials.  Full sushi menu and their regular menu has something for everyone, lots of choices.  Will definately go back.
2	I pass this all of the time but finally decided to stop.  The restaurant is incredibly clean and it was great service, but I felt like the food was just "okay."  Nothing to brag/boast about.  Prices are fair.  Maybe so many groupons because not enough people are raving about it?
3	Most dishes on the menu are American style Chinese food. Not a bad choice if you just want to have a quick bite at lunch time. I felt that the food there is a little pricier than it should be. Aside from these I do recommend their basil chicken, which is a traditional Taiwanese dish.
4	Really, really tasty food here. We like to try out new places all the time, but had never been here before - we have tried "the competition" nearby, and liked it a lot.Today, we wanted to see why this restaurant always looks like it's packed. Now we know. The service was impeccable, and we thought the restaurant was spotlessly clean. The food was spot on - from the shumai (tastes like it's made from scratch) to the Taipei Special Dumplings (which have a tasty thin exterior and a rich, savory pork filling), we enjoyed our appetizers very much.The main dishes were equally as nice - we had the crispy shrimp and broccoli (lightly battered crispy shrimp and a great sweet chili garlic sauce) and at our waiter's suggestion, the basil rice noodles with chicken. I must say that the basil rice noodle dish was the best of the day; flavorful thin chicken slices with fresh basil tossed in with the delicious noodles and a little bit of sauce. The dish just works... Like other Chinese restaurants, the portions are large, and we probably should have only ordered one entree for the two of us after enjoying the two appetizers. Food was served at the correct temperature, too, which is something I always look for. (I hate it when food is too hot or too cold when it is served!)There is room for improvement with regards to the actual menu - it's too big, and has too many items on too many pages, making it a bit difficult to make up ones' mind, but this is hardly unique to Taipei, and I would say 99% of Chinese restaurants have this problem...Prices are reasonable, and overall, it was a nice Saturday lunch experience.Will definitely be back.
5	Excellent Chinese food.   Every time we have ordered take out from here, it's been great.  Egg Rolls, General Tso's, Happy Family, Triple Delight, dumplings...all taste delicious.
3	Good food.  Quick delivery.  *CAUTION*  The $2.00 delivery charge is not listed on the menu.  SURPRISE...It's listed on your bill.  *CAUTION*   A tad pricey.  Oh yeah..I live in Pittsburgh now...
3	Today I treated my mother to lunch here because I had a Groupon. We ordered the calamari for an appetizer which I have to admit was AWFUL! They cover it in a tempura batter and it was to thick and flavorless.But besides that we decided to go for two sushi rolls. The first was the lobster roll which was delicious! And the portion size was big. Second was the Figu or Fugi roll with crab and tuna! The crab salad they served on the side was fantastic was our favorite thing of the meal! Most definitely would recommend the sushi as for the other dishes not sure of but everyone in the place was raving about their rolls...
2	just got back from TaiPei. today was dinner AND a floor show. First, the food was adequate, except for the won ton for two which was full of won tons, shrimp and chicken. with a light and not greasy broth.It was good.  The floor show erupted soon after we were seated, when a young woman across the way began to harangue her mother...her mom apparently hadn't gone to enough of her soccor games as a child, didnot know the names of her teammates, had never taken a picture of her on the field, and couldn't make up her mind about getting a f&^%ing iphone 5....i know all this because she wasn't shy about letting everyone in the restaurant hear her, or letting the expletives fly. apparently no one has ever told her to knock it off, including and especially from my perspective, the manager of taiPei. He stood across the room with his mouth agape in shock, but with no concern about the comfort of his other patrons and their dining experience. It was a bizarre and uncomfortable experience, and follows a pattern of poor management decisions i have seen at tai pei recently.They know how to take in the money, but are less than concerned with anything else.
5	I have only had takeout from Tai Pei, but the chicken lo mein was delicious and the general tso's was the best I have ever had! It was sweet, but still had a kick to it. Nothing was over priced and we weren't waiting forever for delivery. Will definitely visit the restaurant in the future!
5	The food here is very good. I've frequented the restaurant many times for sushi, noodles, rice, and plenty of their other dishes. The atmosphere is also great and the service is very friendly. I would definitely recommend Taipei if you're craving Chinese and sushi.
2	Food was very bland, i even asked that they kick it up a notch.  I traveled to this area from Northern Virginia.  I never had such bland Chinese food in all my travels.  I have had worse, the Scallops and Shrimp were fresh, the rice was cooked well.  Went here after my Brothers raved about it...
