1	Unless you are having a birthday party- don't even try to visit this place on the weekend. I have tried to shop this store twice in the past couple of months and each time I go in- am shuffled to the side and not allowed to move as the bday party girls do a fashion show. Great for the bday kids, but not so great for innocent shopper trying to purchase a few items. If you're going to just do private parties then close the store. Owner seemed annoyed we even came in- and was very unhelpful. No thanks- will take my daughter and money elsewhere.
5	They did my daughter's birthday party last year. I was very impressed. They got their hair, makeup, and nails done. Each girl got to choose a tiara to wear and keep. They even got to bring home some makeup and nail Polish. My daughter and her friends loved the experience! She wants to do it again this year :)"
1	It has literally taking me almost 2  or 3 years to write this but I figure as I am preparing for my daughter's 8 year old birthday , it is time for me to express this.  I WILL NEVER recommend this place to a friend.  When I went to inquire about the options I had for her birthday, I was treated not well at all.  I felt that the woman behind the counter was bothered by my questions, I should have taken this a hint for my future results there but I did not.  The party came and I was so excited and it was the worst bidthday party even and yet the most expensive of all, horrible!!!! One of the hostess made one of the guests cried to the point that they ended up leaving earlier.   The moms that came not even water were offered, over all, I have zero memories of something good happening.  Any ways, as my party ended and everybody left.  I came to the counter, to ask for the owner's email address and the older lady behind the counter proceeded to skip my question and an email was given to me but at this point I did not trust that I was getting a good email, and yes, she still had the courage to ask me, how my party was??????  I was in tears, and a friend  of mine had to talk for me.  Sad experience :(
