5	This is a bar that serves the best burgers and Friday night fish! Their mixed drinks are excellent, too. We enjoyed breakfast there a handful of times, also *very* good. One unusual thing: they don't have any beer on tap, only in bottles (and maybe cans, I don't remember for sure). But a good beer selection.
4	Hearty, homecooked meals and generous portions.  The food was delicious.  I thought the mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  The prices are very reasonable.  The staff are very hospitable and they treat you like a friend even though you've never met.  It is a charming place that reminds me of small town Wisconsin family restaurants.  Its like a little piece of small town in Madison.  I really enjoy it here.
5	I went there with three others on a Thursday morning for breakfast. The place was fairly full, but we had no problem finding a seat. For how full it was, we were able to get our order in and our food served to us pretty fast. Service was great.I ordered the sausage and cheese omelete, hashbrowns and toast. My boyfriend ordered french toast and bacon. My mother ordered pancakes and hashbrowns. And my sister ordered hashbrowns and toast. My mom ordered two pancakes without knowing how humungous they make them (size of a dinner plate), so the second pancake was consumed family style and everyone got to try it. The problem with giant pancakes like that is they are often cooked unevenly and some parts are burnt. No, not this one. It was perfect and tasted great. Aside from the pancake, everyone also loved what they got.The bill for four people came to $33. The only downside is the atmosphere. Wood paneling walls to video poker; it's just your standard older Wisconsin bar. But this was minor to me. It kind of has its charm in an odd way. It's so minor that I'll still give Brothers Three 5 stars.
4	Disclaimer: I am giving this place four stars for very particular reasons. Many foodies will hate this place. The food comes from Sysco. The fish is NOT fresh, although their fish fry is as good as most of the other places in town that serve unfresh fish fry. If you come to Brother's Three, you are coming for the atmosphere. This place is not attempting to be something it's not.Here's why I love this place and go with friends weekly:1. The staff is awesome. I tend to go in the mornings, and the server/bartender behind the bar is friendly and quick. All of the staff, though, are genial and on the ball.2. This is a very, very, local, kitschy Wisconsin bar. You will be treated well. The jukebox has a great selection from country to rock. There is a great rectangular bar that you can sit at for every meal, and you are treated well regardless of whether you come alone or sit with friends. The place is filled with regulars at all times. The morning server makes up crazy awesome soups that the regulars love (I once stayed through breakfast and lunch doing work, and person after person came in ordering the "Chicken Cordon Bleu soup.")So, if you like cheap prices, great service, and Wisconsin kitsch, you will really like this place. My friends and I go weekly. Order your eggs over easy if you care about getting fresh eggs.If you are really concerned with sustainability or are expecting very fresh food, you are going to be disappointed.
4	This is great place for good old hearty comfort food.
5	It's Funny how Gary gets the credit for the soups....why? is that what he says? he has a TINY part in the soup making process really tiny part, like scooping it into bowls "TINY". the CREDIT should go tho Rick, James, Jason, and Nate.
5	At first i was skeptical, it in an old gas station, went in it was packed! Best fish fry in town! Lots of options depending on your mood. Decent price. Great staff. Tasty old fashions to add to the experience.
3	Well, I've been wanting to come here for quite some time, based on other reviews.  Though, this place is a bit out of the way for me....luckily, I was in the area so decided to drive the extra 10 minutes to find the place.Parking is very limited....I'm tempted to give them 3.5 stars....but, can't.  That would round up to four stars, but I just can't give them 4 stars....I came right at the peak of lunch and sat at the bar.  The character and ambiance are well described in other reviews - local, old timey, a bit rough, a bit north woodsy feeling....and I think that 'charm' in such an urban setting may be why the place gets so many really good reviews?I'm from "up north" and have been to lots of local rough bars/pubs that are similar in character....m'eh....it is what it is...Food?  Prices do seem high....I had a Reuben, only choice of sides was fries or mashed potatoes...that's kind of lame, IMHO.  No o'rings....  :(It certainly wasn't the best Reuben I've had, though it was priced like it should've beenThe sandwich was fine....nothing special.  It was a little soggy, but that's to be expected with the kraut.Beer selection is LAME LAME LAME...like 5 or 6 types of bottle beer, no tap beers.Service at the bar?  A bit cold-shouldered....  I think the bar tender must have been one of the brothers....didn't really seem to have time to talk, or even fake being friendly or polite.  I guess some people like that kind of service...not me.  I'm paying money to eat out...the food better be at least as good as I can make at home and the service should be friendly and at least reasonably polite....I am the customer, after all
4	Saturday, 10/19 was my second trip to Brothers Three for burgers.  I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and was not disappointed.  I'll be back.
4	I've been here about 6 or 7 times in the last year. I went again last night, and as always had a good experience.The food is very good. The burgers are delicious. The nightly specials might not be the cheapest, but you get a generous portion for your money.  Last night, I had a Ranch Chicken Sandwich, and it was great. It came with a heap of fries, and I had leftovers.The service is also great. A very friendly bunch. There is always this older lady working at the bar, and she is an absolute hoot! She's friendly, funny and and reason enough to go back. The cooks also come and ask you how your food was. Really great service.And yeah, it might suck that they don't have 30 beer taps like every other bar in Madison, but bottled beer is good enough for me.
3	I found this place on Yelp while in Madison for Vietnam Vet convention. I was looking for local "all foods" place & THAT'S what I got! I was the only Black patron, & a lil nervous on walkin into this subdued place, but as I walked in, the grill chef smiled & nodded his head at me! I knew I was in the right place! There's oldskool country & light rock music playing, and the server was REALLY nice & helped me choose which steak I wanted. I had the Tenderloin Steak dinner, with onion hash browns & my friend ordered the Rueben sandwich platter. My steak was delicious & tender enuf to cut with a fork & the hash browns were perfect! My friend said the Rueben was just ok.  The server also introduced me to "Spotted Cow" beer...a local ale that was really good! I'd recommend this place easily!
4	Dragged my friends in one day because I heard good things. We weren't initially sure. Then we ordered food. It does have sort of a neighborhood dive bar atmosphere, but has some of the best burgers in town. Also tried their beef stew on my visit as it was soup of the day, and have to say, it was great. Homemade with a nice, thick broth. Reminded me of Mom's. Wasn't something I was expecting in such a place. Definitely go for the food, have a beer while there, and enjoy the relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff. Definitely a great neighborhood hangout.
4	The place may look simple and uninviting but that is part of its charm! Because the focus is on the food! We were warmly greeted like part of the family by our wonderful server. Food was made to order, hot, fresh and delicious. Sit at the bar and you can watch your food being made.
4	Very good burgers. Great portions. Bacon is nice and thick cut. Highly recommended to stop in here. No frills just good food.
4	We hit this place on the last Saturday of 2014.  Based on reviews, thought bar, pub, joint, dive, nope---supper club, and a fantastic one at that.  Specials were beef- prime rib, and various steaks. Our server was fantastic, and possibly one of the brothers.  Started with old fashioneds.  Then beer.  She has the petite sirlion, came with rolls, salad and hash browns.  I had to have a burger, since theirs was on my list of best burgers in Madison.  Plenty of food and delicious!  Great place, we will be back.  Looks like they do quite a carry out business as well, based on the number of to go bags leaving while we were there.  Great time, food and place.
