5	Awesome yogurt shop!!! Wonderful flavors, awesome selection of toppings. Clean and inviting atmosphere. Sydney who works there is always so friendly and courteous to me and my family when we go there for froyo. I highly recommend this place!
5	When I saw another yogurt shop being built here, I must admit that I had my doubts. My family had been frequent customers of another chain nearby, and before discovering Menchies, I would've said the other chain was the best. Not so. Menchies has a cheerful, welcoming atmosphere that makes the customer feel at home. They trust you to get your own samples and still buy yogurt (no limits on samples). The texture, flavor, and unique options for both yogurt and toppings make this my new favorite froyo place. Other locations have the same products, but I have to mention that the staff at this location is especially friendly and helpful! Whether I need assistance or not, the workers always make a point to make conversation and interact with me. Makes getting good yogurt an even better experience!
5	Clean and teenagers behind counter are always friendly. They constantly have new yummy flavors to try. The only downside here is that this franchise doesn't offer any checkin or yelp deals like the one on Scottsdale Rd.
4	In the cutthroat world of the frozen yogurt industry, stores are willing to do whatever it takes to differentiate themselves from the shop around the corner. Rumors abound about sabotage abound. There's the one about "professional samplers" who stay in a shop for hours just sampling and never actually purchasing a cup of yogurt. Then there's the one about switching out regular chocolate chips with spicy chile chocolate chips. Whatever it may be, you've got to be careful these days about which frozen yogurt establishment to which you pledge allegiance, or you might wake up to find a cup of melted Strawberry Burst in you bed.But seriously, Menchies is delicious. I honestly can't differentiate most of these yogurt places, but they're mostly all good. Menchies has a great selection of flavors and toppings and the stores is clean and bright and makes you want to eat frozen yogurt into the wee hours of the night. Their salted caramel is especially scrumptious and I recently enjoyed the Key Lime pie flavor.
