5	Bought stuff at JC Penney. Got a haircut at the JC Penney Salon. Inquired in the photo department. Overall experience. Damn Good! I always forget JC Penney when it comes to shopping because it is located in a weird corner. But not anymore. People were super friendly and helpful and I felt like they really liked working there. Way better than Kohl's.
1	I won't shop here again.  I used a 10.00 coupon, but because I returned the item, I lost the coupon value.  How rude is that.  I'll shop at Kohl's they at least give you an in store credit for their 10.00 coupon.  There are many store to shop at in the valley, so why shop here.  The manager takes things way to personal for being in a customer service job.
4	They seem to always have great deals. Its a nice, clean store
3	Trying to find a baby suit for a wedding isn't the easiest task... especially if you don't want to spend a grip for an outfit that will probably only be worn by your baby one time.  After checking out the used kid's clothing store next door, I decided to check-out JC Penny's.  They had a great selection of reasonably priced kid's suits but, they didn't carry small enough sizes for my 5 month old.  Oh well.  I did end up finding a cute outfit for the reception and dinner on their clearance racks... at only $5 an item. :)  The sales staff was friendly when you found one but it was kinda hard to find one...Oh yeah, I ended up having to nurse my lil guy in the photography area and while the lady that worked there was nice, she kept trying to sell us a portrait package even though we told her we had our own SLR and several friends who do photography! lol  She was a great salesperson but I was glad when baby was done eating!Might see ya there.
5	I can always find something that I am looking for here and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
4	Ive found that if the TMP location doesnt have something in my size, this one will.Its hidden just north of the exit for Ray/ I 10 south.Ive never had a problem w/ customer service here and, unlike the one at TMP, I like that they have a traditional register set up.I love the Worthington line for work. Chic, modern, and cheap (in price, not value).Awesome.
4	My dad always took us school shopping at J.C. Penney when my brother and I were kids and always found great deals, so I've continued this trend in my own life. I love shopping here because I find great deals and some nice clothes at decent, affordable prices.My friend took me shopping yesterday and we got me 3 new outfits and a nice black thin belt...all from the clearance racks! I tried everything on, found what fits and what doesn't, and we went on our way.The cashier was very friendly and helpful and even filled us in on the fact that whatever it says on the price tag on an item is usually different from what the price REALLY is. This store always has great sales and I like that! I like this store so much better than the one at Arizona Mills also. Their store has a terrible selection when it comes to clothes in my size and the store to me always looks dirty. The Ray store, which I where I shop the most always looks clean and tidy.One drawback is this store only carries toys at Christmas time, as we found out yesterday when my friend asked if they have a toy selection (it was her first time in this location).
4	I always take my boys school shopping here. I find amazing deals and I'm pretty satisfied with the selections that they have. They have brought in a Sephora as well. I buy a huge chuck of my makeup here and now that it's closer, I am one happy camper. The store was very clean and the staff was friendly.
5	I have never been JCP shopper until moving to the valley. This store has always had a stuffy, untrendy rep to it, and I consider myself to be quite trendy and fashion forward....and in the past i have never had a desire to shop here. (Sorry if that sounded snobby, it just was what it was) So this 5 star rating comes as a surprise, even to me. I went for the Black Friday(Thursday night) deals and BOY did I make out with some good ish. I spent $134 and I was able to get a Men's Robe, Men's Claiborne sweater, a sweat suit for my tween daughter, boots, a bookbag purse, a watch, a necklace,  earrings, 3 pairs of fuzzy socks,  underwear, bracelet and a camo jacket!! And everything is SUPER cute!!!! I am super pleased with my purchases! JCP has stepped their game up and can compete with the other department stores...I love the fact that their is a Sephora inside too..... I was also given an additional 15% discount for waiting too long for my cashier due to her error in calculating my purchases! Excellent customer service! 5 stars and a customer for life!
3	I would have to say I am in the consensus of people who don't shop at JCPenney because it is considered to be untrendy and boring. However, when I stopped by here to return some items I received as a Christmas gift, I was expecting to see the same drab store I remembered. Once I stepped inside I was a bit surprised to see how much they have changed in a probable desperate attempt to stay in business. The store resembled a Macy's and I saw quite a nice selection of items. However, I have to take a star off for those horrendously long wait checkout lanes.
5	Just because this is a smaller store doesn't mean they have less!  It's the holiday season and the lines to check out (at 5:30pm) we're not bad, they went very fast since they were prepared and well staffed.  They lady at the register was VERY PLEASANT...I don't know what her name was.  Great customer service :)
2	Customer service is everything to me. Yes, they do have a lot of stuff and sometimes they have GREAT deals. Their customer service is a hit or miss. I'm gonna avoid coming here now. I ordered shoes with them paid for it and the items were sent back because I didn't pick it up in 10 days... Was NEVER aware of that and the lady was like, "Oh, you dont want your stuff" I didn't appreciate that comment. If that was the case, I wouldn't be here. I have also paid for it. SMH.
5	Used the salon services here for my daughter's prom. Victoria in the salon listened to everything my daughter wanted for her prom "updo", and Victoria nailed it!! She was fantastic!  I have never been compelled to write a review before, but felt the service we received warranted this review.  We also were able to get makeup done at Sephora here, which was amazing as well. Overall great experience.
2	I have always liked this store, but on 9-13-14 I went in looking for an outfit for family pictures that were to be taken that evening.  I also had 1 of their $10.00 off $25.00 which I always use.  I found exactly what I was looking for on 2 clearance racks, but when I got up to the cashier to pay, he said I couldn't use the coupon because of "doorbusters."  I tried to tell him that the 2 items were on clearance racks, but he insisted that I couldn't use the coupon.  I left the store without anything & ended up at Kohl's.  I'm not sure about shopping here again.
1	Portrait Studio is AWFUL Went and had some family pictures taken, don't waste your time. There was no attention to taking good pictures, they just pushed everyone together and snapped a bunch of pictures, hoping to get at least one good one. If there wasn't any good ones, we had to pick from the least awful one. You get what you pay for, especially if they know you have a groupon or lvingsocial deal. Find a professional if you want pictures you would want to hang on your walls, otherwise, call up a friend and have them take pictures with their smart phone, you'll get the same results.
1	Online stock information is not correct and when attempted to call was placed on hold 3 times with no explanation. Poor customer service when in store, not acknowledged by any staff nor asked for help. Shelves messy and poor stock on floor after driving 40 min with incorrect stock information.
