5	Great job guys!!!
5	Always friendly, always good customer service!!
4	andy was great!  they were very efficient, very helpful and I had some other unrelatedauto questions and they were honest and very nice!  I would have my oil changed here all the time!  great service and very nice!
5	those guys are the best
5	Always quick and friendly service, I will continue to get my oil changes here
4	I drive past several JIffyLubes to get service from this location. I'm sure the other locations are fine but I like this location.  The service is fast and the service team is thorough and courteous. I appreciate that Jiffy Lube has coupons, too.
5	I've been coming to this location with my vehicle consistently now for 2 years and I can always depend on these guys performing quality service. This location has never tried to up-sell me on a part/service I don't need. Even with my supercharged engine's special service requirements and 8 quart capacity, they always come through with the same services that the dealer recommends, but a fraction of the price. Thanks guys!
5	This place is awesome. I went to have my car smogged, and I was in and out in ten minutes! I will be going back!
5	These guys were great! I was in and out in 15 min. They didn't push me to do anything else I didn't need. Even though this was passed 3 other oil change places I will definitely be back.
4	Normally at Jiffy Lube the second you pull in the guys are right there to take care of you but I sat in my car for 10min before deciding nobody was going to help me so I went inside and Kris was awesome. He apologized that nobody helped me. I really didn't care, just not typical for jiffy lube. Anyway, he was very friendly and helpful. There was a bit of a wait but the guys are quick and nice. I'll be back in the future to this jiffy lube.
5	I needed an oil change in the Southwest so I decided to check Yelp and go to the one with the most stars in my area. I ended up here and it's true- they absolutely live up to their five stars!  I was in and out in FIVE minutes!  That was the fastest, friendliest oil change I've ever had.  I couldn't believe it.  Would definitely recommend this location.
5	After a few attempts trying to get a smog check at a location near me, and constantly being told the smog tech was not there, I finally came here. The team at Jiffy Lube was friendly and efficient. I was in and out in approximately 10 minutes. They even opened my car door for me; fancy!
5	Sorry for the late review!I've been bringing my wife's and my vehicles here since we moved to Las Vegas in July 2012.  These guys are great.  They always get me in and out quickly, find me a ton of discounts, never try to upsell me, and have not once tried to screw me with repairs I don't need.The only hiccup so far:  When I brought in my wife's 2006 Highlander for a rear differential service, they were unable to do it.  They said that they were afraid of stripping the fill plug and that I would be better off having it done at a repair facility.
5	This is my second visit here and both times I've dealt with friendly and professional employees. Today I was kindly greeted by Adam, who serviced my car with an oil change and other services. What I love the most is that the employees are honest and they don't push you into getting the other services you don't really need. The last oil change I got was in March and I go by the 3 month or 3000 miles oil change rule, whichever comes first. Adam had actually explained to me that although it was past three months, my oil was still good because i had some kind of good oil so I didn't necessarily need to do the oil change today and there was about 240 miles to go. But I did it anyways because I was there and didn't want to come back in a few weeks. Their signature service offers a variety such as topping off your necessarily fluids, vacuuming your car, checking your battery and filters, and wiping your exterior windows. They also mentioned that you can get 50% off a car wash next door when you show your receipt within 10 days of your service. Overall, this place is awesome and I love the customer focus and service. Definitely recommend seeing adam and his team!!!
5	Great service. Thank you for the great job this team does. Professional and just great
5	Best jiffy lube in town, extremely nice and helpful staff. See Steven or Adam for the best service! Wouldn't go anywhere else but here!! A++++
5	This jiffy lube was great. Sometimes you don't get the service or the great attitude. At the jiffy I got both. Chris was very nice and my car was in and out within 30 mins. Thank you!!!
4	I would like to give 4 stars and a thumbs up for their great customer service, knowledge and expertise of my vehicle. I have been there at-least 7 times in the past year with my vehicle and my wife vehicle.The wait time is never long, these guys, Matt (staff) and Mark (manager) make it a habit of under promising and over delivering.( i.e, whenever they say it going to take 20 minutes, it usually done in 10 minutes) Awesome place to get a quick oil change.I am very happy with the service.Curtis McCall
5	First time to the Jiffy Lube at this location. Great service and they do everything at this location tires ,brakes ,minor tuneups bring your vehicle here to have it inspected thoroughly. Very happy with the Service.
