4	I love my Filiberto's and their food is always good, consistant and a good value.  Favorites include their Carne Asada burrito, the rolled taco's and on Tuesdays you can get .99 tacos (Beef or Chicken).The staff is pretty friendly and they certainly remember me!  :)
4	The most bomb ass rolled tacos and guacamole on the I-10 corridor...my first stop when I'm back in town on my monthly trips to Goodyear to visit family and friends. As a matter of fact, guess where my current profile pic was taken...what's that I'm stuffing into my fat face? I say hello to Filiberto's before my own family...how sad. =(
5	I really don't like these types of Mexican food places because I feel my mom makes better Mexican food. Just a note: Not all Filibertos are the same. Food taste wise.....This Filibertos is BOMB though! They make great Spanish rice, and beans! All the food is great! But I recommend the rolled tacos if it's going to be your first time here. I think it's combo #8 haha. They also have some old school arcade games. That's a plus for me haha. Please stop going to Macayos they have the worst fake tasting Mexican food.
1	Today I ate here and the beans were way too salty to eat and the rice was almost the same, but a little more tolerable. Wanted to send it back, but my husband insisted that I let it go. Also, one of the worker's had a child running around the restaurant ( about 5 years old), and he was touching everything ( silverware, napkins, toothpicks) it was horrible!! The child was climbing on the front counter and running back and forth and sliding on the floor. I may give the place another try in the future because I have had good food here in the past. Sorry Filiberto's :(
4	We have been going to this location for years! I thought I yelped about it, but I guess I didn't. We love the food from this location. We have ordered most things on the menu and have not been disappointed yet. Rolled tacos Breakfast burritos Regular burritos Combos Yum yum yum to all! 24 hours and drive thur. Can't beat that!
1	Back when I lived in Phoenix, I used to come to Filberto's once in a while when I was looking for some decent fast food Mexican.  Upon my return to Filberto's a few days ago, I was so disappointed when I ordered Chicken Quesadilla to-go and received an unappetizing mess.  It was a monstrous tortilla shell uncut, folded over multiple times in the to go box. If that wasn't bad enough, the quesadilla was missing the sour cream and guacamole and had a clear, slimy, rubbery, circular, unidentifiable object inside.  Yuck.  1 star
3	I enjoy Filiberto's. I'm not from the west coast so to have moderately good fast food Mexican food is a plus for me!Since discovering Fiiberto's I noticed that they do not skimp on the portion size, you get exactly what you pay for! Last week I had got a sausage breakfast burrito and I couldn't finish it all, they stuff so much sausage in 1 burrito. My other experiences have been the same with huge portions so don't let some of the prices be off-putting. My favorite so far is the carne asada burrito.I am well aware that Filiberto's is not a typical fast food restaurant but I've been to this one at least twice and it's taken at least 15-20 minutes for me to get my food. Once inside and another time in the drive-through, so unless I've just been there on there slow days I don't suggest you come to this Filiberto's in a hurry or waste your precious gas in the drive-through.Also, this Filiberto's wasn't as clean as I would like when eating even if it is just fast food.I will frequent Filiberto's again but I will  be looking for a better one to try.
3	Filiberto's can be hit or miss depending on the location. This is my second-favorite location. My favorite thing on the menu is the carne asada fries without guac (I hate guac anyway, but there's tends to be super runny... yuck) and it is absolutely fantastic in a really guilty pleasure sort of way. My second favorite thing is the green chile plate (pork) and I always get a second tortilla. My boyfriend gets the two beef taco plate and I really like it too. One thing to note is that if you order a burrito or a quesadilla (one of the plain ones, not one of the fancy ones likes the carne asada) they usually don't come with ANYTHING in them besides meat and the listed veggies. No cheese, sour cream, etc. You have to get it on the side. Which is fine, but the first time I went to filibertos in high school I ordered the chicken burrito and it was good but it is literally just a tortilla stuffed with chicken in red sauce. I need some dairy in my burritos!I've never eaten inside here. I've never even ordered inside. I find that these places tend to be less clean than I would like so I just don't bother going in.
4	You'll be scared of the area, so make sure you lock your doors and don't leave anything in plain sight. If you can get beyond that, and into this little dive, it's a great stop off the 10 fwy on a road trip for Mexican food. Friendly, casual, and good food.
4	Our lazy asses did not cook this Friday night, so we decided to Filibertos it!  We always call in our order (they need a cc # if the order is over $10).  It was 15 to 20 mins. we show up at the place for pick up.  They forgot to make our order.  They apologized and offered us free drinks.  We declined the free drinks but they offered again.  We declined and they told us the order will be done in a few mins.  They apologized again when we got our order.  Rolled tacos with cheese - Crunchy yumminessSausage breakfast burritos - Hello breakfast at 8pm Pollo Carne burrito - Love the chicken Combos mealsYum yum yum to all! Plus...24 hours and drive thur.
4	It's Filiberto's. They are all similar, but differ considerably in food quality and service.This one is the best Filiberto's I've been to. Still no "neat and clean" feel to it, but the food is better than average for Filiberto's.Like any Filiberto's, the burritos come with pure meat. Wanna add rice or beans? It'll cost ya! Wait... they have to remove meat to fit the rice/beans. Rice and beans are cheaper than meat! Why on earth would anyone charge more money when they are saving money??!?  Senseless.
4	I like the food at Filiberto's. There are several dishes from which to choose. I had the carne asada, I ordered the meat chopped. My friend told to me that she thought it was "Chinese food" as I mixed the components of the dish together.  I prefer not to put it in tortillas.
2	okay food either over seasoned or not seasoned enough
5	Everything tastes so fresh. .I got two fish tacos and a chicken burritos. .yummy yummy in my tummy...
4	My husband and I stopped by to have lunch one day at this location. Their salsa is very good I don't know if they have a specific name so excuse me if they do, but we loved their red salsa. We shared some of their carne asada fries they were really good. Just the fries at this location taste a little different from others we have had. The service was very fast and the girl that helped us was very friendly. I believe it might of taken me longer to get all the salsas that wanted to try than it did to get our food out. We will be visiting this location again.
1	Three of us went there for dinner. Nothing special, kind of fast food Mexican style. Later one had a very bad upset stomach, the other two (including me) did not feel real good either.  No more Filbertos, no more
1	My $9 burrito/taco combo was crap. Burrito was an onion, green pepper bomb minus the beef. Save your money and go to Del Taco
2	Food is always good at any Filiberto's...but service usually sucks. I stood at the counter staring at a worker speaking Spanish on the phone. She didn't acknowledge me and stayed on the phone. A worker from the back had to come up and help me. The worker working the drive-thru couldn't help me because she was busy with drive-thru.
