4	OK, I found this place with my family a couple of months ago.  We have been there about 5 times since then.  It's not fancy, definetly needs an update on the decor.  But-has arguably the best cheese enchilada I have ever had.  Great chips and salsa, great serice, and excellent for a family dinner.  If you want to pig out on chips and salsa, great place to do it.
4	This place is a community staple for a lot of people who live in the area.  The best thing about Manuel's is that the food is consistently good.  The Green Corn Tamales, in particular are fantastic.  Good service and friendly atmosphere.  This is just a good place to go!
4	I've been coming here for over 30 years. When I think of home, I think of Manuel's. Traditional Mexican cuisine, unbelievably friendly staff, and the worlds greatest bartender. I highly suggest you make this a regular spot.
5	We just finished dinner at Manuels for a last minute family reuinion.  They were very accomidating to the 20 of us.  Also, at the end of the night my father paid the tab, he did not realize that the gratity was already included.  The staff followed us while we were saying our goodbyes.   He told my dad that he had over paid the tip and allowed him to run the tab again.  We thoght this was very honroable.
4	Blurb for iPhone App: Great Enchiladas, Chips and Salsa made fresh, but beans left something to be desired.  Give it a try nonetheless.I just wrote the last part because I will be on the Yelp app, and notice that I often start my review with something that is not useful at all... which is that everyone sees when searching on their mobile phones.  So I guess you could say I'm optimizing for mobile.  Ok, now on the full review.  Took off a star for the beans... they just weren't great.  The person with me had a taco salad, and said they didn't get a lot of meat in it... and the rice was good, but not great.  However, this was balanced by the chips and salsa (which I always eat so much of that I'm not hungry by the time the food shows up) which seemed to be made fresh, not too hot, but with plenty of flavor.  The "hot" sauce (hot is entirely objective here) was very good, and I used that for my chips as much as the salsa.  Didn't ask if they had anything hotter, as the true chilehead will think it's pretty mild...I had a chicken enchelada with green sauce and a cheese with red.. and although I usually like the green better, the red here is great.  One word of advice however - don't step on the scale the next morning, because you are going to stuff yourself while you are here.
5	I have been eating here for the past 15 years or so, and I have never had a bad experience. The food is absolutely amazing; probably the best Mexican food I've ever had. (I have to admit that I don't venture off to many other Mexican restaurants because their food is so good!) My favorite item on the menu is the #1 combo - a red chili burro with a cheese enchilada and beans. Delicious! They will certainly remain a favorite of mine for many years to come :)
4	I used to go to the 7th st location until it closed, while I find that to be a TOTAL bummer (bartender had a heavy hand & there were lots of the regular servers)  I do very much enjoy the salsa at this location better.  It is chunkier and fresher tasting.  I feel like the enchiladas are a bit smaller at this location and they don't use quite as much spice on their machaca, but regardelss the food here is good.  Yes, it is "Americanized" but 90% of the places in az are, its all good.. you just have to find the tasty "Americanized" mexican food places and Manuels happens to be one of them.  The hostess is always personable, which is great and makes a nice first impression.  Service is hit and miss, but the food is good and the price is right.
5	One word? YUM! This place is great. It's an old family favorite. Service is always friendly and prompt. LOVE the chips and salsa and the pollo fundido. Every Christmas Eve we order party platters and always have a great experience. The decor is nice and we always have a good time.
5	We went here because Shannon N. said it was the best mexicanfood ever and boy was she right. By far this was the best mexican meal and the best meal we've had in Phoenix area.The hostess was great reseating us when we didn't like the back room for our group of 6 but she found us a great spot for a great night.Chicken enchiladas, chicken chimichanga, soft shelled tacos ( ground beef) chili rellenos and 3 baskets of fresh chips and salsa, proved to be one of the best meals since we've been on vacation here in Phoenix!Shannon was right this will be a favorite of ours for healed to come.
4	Again 4.5 stars for Manuel's!  I love this place.  Great salsa, fresh chips.  The Margarita's are delish and the service has always been good to excellent.  I sometimes stop in just to buy chips and extra extra salsa to take home and maow down in the privacy of my living room, so no one can see me scarfing down the chips and licking the salsa container clean.Their food is always hot and fresh tasting, I must admit I've had better, but not by much. Go Go Go and while you are there try all their flavoured margaritas.
5	definitely get the queso dip.
3	Being new to Phoenix, we heavily rely on fellow Yelpers reviews. I have to admit, I'm a bit puzzled with the 4 and 5 star reviews. Here is my take on Manuel's Mexican Restaurant:Chips & salsa: the chips were crunchy and not at all greasy or salty. They were perfect. The salsa was more like pico de gallo. The waiter asked if we wanted the "hot" salsa. I use the term "hot" loosely, it was very mild. The consistency and color was more like a mariana sauce. It taste okay, but it was the weirdest salsa I've ever had. I realize not everyone can handle spicy stuff so I won't hold that against them.Manuel's Taco Platter (me): Instead of going with the steak taco that came with the platter, I switched to a carnito (pulled pork) and chicken fajita. I thought it was strange that it was named the "Taco Platter" since a chicken fajita came with it. The pork taco was substantial. It came bare, nothing but meat, but the portion was huge! Pretty good too. The chicken was grilled along with the green peppers and onions. That too was pretty good. My platter came with a side of guac, green chile salsa, sour cream and refried beans. The beans were not that good.Carne Asada (my hubby): The steak was dry, not like beef jerky dry, but dry nonetheless. His meal came with a side of pico de gallo and a bean soup. I wish the bean soup came with my taco platter because it was delicious. I would go back for that bean soup.
4	My dad was visiting from NY and we were looking for Mexican, so we tried this place. Overall, I like it. The chips were ok, I like thinner chips, the salsa was ok, again I've had better, but it was good. I had the fish tacos...they are made from grilled cod. I asked if I could get the cod deep fried, but that was not an option. The sauce was a tarter based sauce-which seemed very 'American' to me (disappointing), but I have to say, I liked the tacos. Decent flavor on the fish and I liked the rice and beans. (I am not a huge fan of rice and beans, but these were decent and unlike the rest of the table, my beans were not deep friend, but more like pork-n-beans. My son had a grilled cheese-which was good. My father had the pork carnitas, which he enjoyed. Dave had the carnita enchilada, which also looked picture perfect, but I didn't try. The only hiccup with the entire meal was the waiter brought a Chardonnay, instead of a Cabernet  Sauvignon ... and he didn't know the difference between white and red wines, and he should have really known, given they only have a handful of wines. Otherwise, good service. Overall, I enjoyed dinner and would get the tacos again, they were good and filling!
3	Our server was very overwhelmed so our service was mediocre at best. I was so looking forward to fajitas and was fairly disappointed. There was absolutely no flavoring on the chicken or the steak, no cheese, it was just really plain. I will say the chips and salsa were great but not worth a visit. Overall, very not impressed and would stack this up to the many average mexican restaurants in the valley. Truly nothing special.
2	Ok, if you like canned chicken, no spices and little flavor, this is your place!The chicken Tortilla soup was good, and the chips... The salsa and everything else was processed, canned, pre-made garbage!  Fuck this place and it's food!Miguel was very nice and the bathrooms are clean, but beyond saying hi to a nice waiter or pissing on clean porcelain, don't bother!
4	First off, let's just get this straight: Manuel's has THE BEST salsa in town. Period. Having said that, the rest of their menu is pretty fantastic, too. We love the pollo especial, fajitas, rolled quesadilla, green tamales - pretty much you name it, we've eaten it there. Becky is our favorite - and super special - server and she always gives us excellent service. Stop in, say hola, and enjoy some fabulosa comida Mexicana.
5	First time here and it was great. Fast, friendly and the food was amazing. Had the street tacos and for dessert I tried the fried ice cream. Yummy!Will come here again.
3	Manuel's personifies Mexican food in Phoenix--Nothing amazing, but very satisfying nonetheless.Manuel's simply has a huge variety of items including the Americanized treats that are cheese crisps and chimichangas, and all are prepared effectively, if not spectacularly.Is it a Mi Nidito, El Charro, or La Parilla Suiza, three mainstays of the Tucson Mexican food scene? No way, no how. But if you're in Phoenix, alas there isn't much of that caliber to choose from. Manuel's has several locations in Phoenix, so they're convenient, the service is usually pretty good, and the food quality is consistent and generally quite satisfying.With realistic expectations, a pretty reliable choice for (Phoenix) Mexican food.
4	I've eaten at the Indian School location before, and it was average at best. Went here last week for their Monday/Tuesday $6.99 taco/cheese enchilada plate. Not crowded. A bit disconcerting to have the hostess pouring salsa into takeaway cups on the front counter. Got seated quickly, ordered the special, got free chips and salsa. I prefer a mix of the hot and normal salsa, do make sure to get both. The server was above average. The food came about three minutes after ordering, and was nice and hot. Nice beef taco. The sauce on the enchilada was average. I don't think I'd pay normal prices here, but the special was fine.
5	Consistent good food. Prices are good. Been eating here for years, never had any problems. Quick service. Love the chips and salsa!
4	Manuel's has always been a safe, solid choice for Mexican food. It has always done the job. I haven't been in for a couple years so when I went last night, I was pleased that not much has changed.We started out with the Texas margaritas. They are HUGE. Delicious and worth every cent. But POTENT. I have a high alcohol tolerance, especially when it comes to tequila, but my husband couldn't even finish his because he has a low tolerance for tequila and he was the DD. So I finished his. :)Salsa and chips were good. Salsa was very fresh tasting. I wish the chips were hotter and crispier. They tasted like the generic chips you buy at the store.My husband ordered the 3 amigos enchilada plate. He said it was really good. I tasted the spinach enchilada that came with the plate, and I concur that it was really tasty.I had the chili relleno plate which I'm still scratching my head over. I must have had over a million chili rellenos in my life but never one like this. The chili wasn't dipped in a batter, it was just wrapped in egg. I was disappointed by this dish. I know the that the batter for chili rellenos contains mostly egg, but it's not pure egg. It has a little flour, milk, and sometimes baking powder to make it fluffy. The sauce that covered it wasn't very saucy. It was green chilis and onion basically. The whole thing wasn't terrible, just disappointing. Beans and rice were still delish though.I am still rounding up to 4 stars because everything else I have had at Manuels has been great. Cheese enchiladas, their gigantic cheese crisps... all delicious and satisfying. And their service is always excellent. I will just avoid the chili relleno from now on.
5	Been coming here for the past couple of years now.  The building is in desperate need of a makeover, but the staff is friendly, the food is consistent and the margaritas are lovely.Our server Pedro is spot on, personable and on his toes.  The front staff is great too, Ola is welcoming as can be.  The fabulous staff here is what keeps us coming back, keep up the good work guys!(oh, and do a little redecorating!)
4	Well, I have learned a basic rule about Mexican restaurants, if it's crowded its good (Or it's happy hour). I got nervous right off the bat, I chose this place the parking lot was almost empty and it was about 12:30 or right in the middle of what should be the lunch rush. We were seated right away in a nearly empty restaurant. From there I can say good chips though they say award winning chips and salsa, but the salsa tasted like El Paso out of the jar. The rest of the meal was outstanding. I had the Green Chili con Carne burrito enchilada style lunch special with green chili sauce on top. It was an amazing taste sensation. The beef was not shredded but more like tender stew meat seasoned to perfection and the beans and rice were pretty good too. My wife had the shredded beef taco lunch combo, She said it was good but about average for her. She really liked the chips but was not impressed with the salsa either.  I liked the novelty of the shirts they sell there, but in my circles I couldn't think of a time it would be right to wear it they say "Excuse me, It's the frijoles"
5	We have been going to this Manuel's for 27 years.  They have the best salsa and chips, and green corn tamales I have tasted anywhere.  The staff has always been efficient and friendly.  The bartender "Eddie," has a special place in our hearts and has recently been doing everything for the newly redecorated bar area including serving food and drinks, and even busing all the tables in that area.  Hopefully, we will all continue for another 27 years.
4	Tried this place cause close to home and good yelp reviews... Hard to find good Mexican food in Phoenix , but this place was pretty good .. Good addicting salsa , I got the 3 enchiladas platter , which were all good , good sauces, good rice and beans ... No funny flavors. Good happy hour, friendly service  :) good all around :)  I would def come back here when I'm craving Mexican close to home.
4	Great enchiladas.  Chips and salsa = good. Salsa is a little sweet and tastes fresh.  Service is superb. Rice and beans do not disappoint.
4	Had the Pollo Especial....delicious! My husband had Carne Asada and it was so moist and tender! Loved loved loved the chips and salsa!!!!
2	Nice people, and obviously an inter-generational success story but . . . pretty bad, totally gringo-ized food. Light on spices, heavy on grease and goopy sauce. Is this what passes for good Mexican food in Arizona?
3	We came a group of 7 plus a toddler for lunch and they were very accommodating. The servers were good and the food came fast. However, there are plenty of places in Phoenix that you can get better Mexican food.This place has been here for 30+ years and I have been here a number of times. Though, I have never been very impressed. The decor could use some serious updating as well.
4	My family and I always enjoy eating here.  The food is always fresh and the staff is very friendly.  However,  every time we have ordered take out they always get the order wrong.
4	We have ordered Pickup on several occasions and have thoroughly enjoyed both the quality and portions of every item ordered. The wife says their cheese enchiladas are second to none and my favorite is their beef burro and taco combos. The only issue I have is in the order process. We always seem to receive the incorrect items ordered and have to return them or call them with our disappointment. Thank goodness we only reside a few blocks from them. I have since taken the time to go through the bag and check everything out upon arrival for pickup. Embarrassing, but necessary. Still worth the trouble!  Yum. Just worked up an desire to order lunch from this place.
5	Best chips and salsa the side of the border :-)The food is delicious and the service is friendly and the restaurant is clean!
