5	If you are looking for good Pho in Pittsburgh Tram's Kitchen is the place to go.  The broth for their pho is quite flavorful and you can't go wrong ordering a bowl of it on a nice cold day.
4	Small menu, decor is barely passible, but the food is excellent. Has been getting more expensive over the years but probably one of the best vietnamese places in Pgh.  I always get the fried tofu and the chicken salad (goi ga). Shrimp curry is good too.  The place is run by a single family.  Waiter (one armed man) is a little short at times (my wife claims that he is always nicer to me than to him. She calls him the "food nazi") but he is much better when the place is not so packed.
5	When I moved from San Diego to Pittsburgh, I thought I had given up pho for good.  I tried it once at Lulu's but was almost offended that they tried to pass their soup off as pho.Then I tried Tram's, a little hole in the wall place on Penn.  Their generously portioned pho was unbelievably tasty, and though I had stopped eating huge portions of food, there was no way I was going let even an ounce of it go to waste.Now I daydream about the place.
5	At 8:45pm, Annie and I decided we absolutely had to go out to eat. Utter necessity. It turns out that everyplace she visits, she makes a point of getting Pho, whether in DC or Istanbul, and she had good things to say about the Pho at Tram's, so we wandered over (even though I have never liked the flavor of Pho.)We walk in and the owner looks sternly at us:"It's 9 o'clock.  We close at 10."We promise to be quick, so so quick, because he was clearly displeased even though the place is packed and no one looks in a hurry to leave. And I have never fit so much food into my body so quickly as I did that night.The second time we went I ordered the mixed meat vermicelli, and he looked at me with approval. Yay! He didn't hate me! I actually felt proud of myself for my efficiency and preparedness.So, it's a little bit off-putting at first. Abrupt. He'll inform you about what you are ordering, not always as a suggestion, but more as a command. Be prepared to order the minute you sit down. And bring cash. The trade off is good, because he gets more friendly and the food is always good. Especially the spring rolls.
5	5 stars. The food stands up to lots I've had elsewhere (and paid more for). Menu is a little limited.We often ordered the mixed vegetable with chicken appetizer and our neighbors would always see it land on the table and murmur covetously.  I don't know if the dish has a Vietnamese name, or if it's not particularly authentic, but I'm pretty sure it's described as mixed chicken and vegetables on the menu.  It's a kind of sweet vinegary slaw with peanuts and root vegetables and it's amazing.It's way better than the somewhat over-rated spring rolls.  Also, really great service and I, for one, love the seasonally appropriate plastic tablecloths.
5	The tablecloths change every season, cow print, leaves, retro stripe and um, that other one. I'll be honest, Tram is crabby, but it's charming, somehow. He always frowns at me but smiles at my girlfriend. I just assume he's homophobic, but I only think this because he watches "Fox News." The tv is always on, but when you're seated, you can't really see it-- it's for Tram, situated just so he can watch it. The elementary school-style milk glasses are amazing and the perfect thing for the wine you should bring to eat with number 17, or the spicy peanut curry, or the saigon or sate soup.The fresh rolls are amazing. This is the best Vietnamese food I have ever had, in any major American city.
5	I've eaten Vietnamese food all over ... from Little Saigon in Orange County, CA to Seattle to NY.... and this place ranks up there with the best of em. But don't come to Tram's for decor or ambiance. Everything inside is very bare bones...you'll get a chair, some chopsticks and sriracha sauce... but  you're guaranteed to get a delicious and a very economical meal. The food was very fresh and filling, and the restaurant pulls in a steady crowd. The pho is excellent, and they also have menu options for vegetarians. This place is a hidden gem among the restaurants in Pittsburgh!
5	Hole in the wall - check.  Stern (at times) owner who rules his roost - check.I don't really trust a Vitnamese restaurant to be really really good unless it is a hole in the wall kind of place.   :)  And this place is good.  Now, my one beef with this restaurant is the limited menu.  But really, they do everything on the menu so well that you can't really complain.  And the prices are extremely reasonable.  Make sure you get the fresh rolls.  I usually get the vermicelli with a little bit of everything on top.  And unless you are ridiculously hungry, get the smaller bowl - it is still a lot of food.BYOB, so feel free to bring your own alcohol of choice.  I can't remember what the corkage fee is, probably because there is none, I believe.  And bring cash.
5	I love Tram's. If you get confused by the menu, just order the Chicken Vermicelli or the Beef Pho. Added bonus: It's perfect for hangovers.The food is good. The owner can be stern. And if you are a picky eater, or like to do things your own way, you might want to get takeout--unless you don't mind being told that you're using the wrong sauce or not mixing up the vermicelli enough. There is something exciting about trekking to a dingy little place with great food and an owner with a hook (which he, unfortunately, doesn't seem to wear anymore). Flavor all around.
1	Why do so many people in Pittsburgh love this place? The other day someone asked me... where's your favourite Vietnamese food? I told them that I didn't know which was my favourite, but I could tell you which was my least favourite: Tram's. I don't even care about the decor or seating etc. Usually the best Vietnamese comes from fairly sketchy looking joints. I had their "Special" noodle bowl which is their version of Bun thit nuong. It looked a mess. The spring rolls were cut up brutally and then everything was tossed in. Usually when you order this at other place, it doesn't come "pre-mixed." Honestly, it looked like someone had already starting eating this. I thought to myself... "Okay they have a different presentation style." But as I ate, I was even more disappointed. They hardly put any fresh vegetables in it, and the vermicelli is overcooked. The spring rolls were completely soggy. I don't think their menu is limited though, it seemed fairly typical. I don't know, maybe their Pho is better, but I'm already too disappointed to come back.After reading other people's reviews and trying other Vietnamese places around the city and then having Vietnamese food in Toronto(at an average place), I'm throughly convinced that people in this city have no idea what Vietnamese food is supposed to taste like.Oh and one last thing... do you actually believe that their food is vegetarian? I guess the joke's on you.
2	Like a couple others, I'm really not sure what all the fuss is about this place.  I moved to Pittsburgh from Seattle where you can find some of the absolute best Vietnamese food.  This place is a hole-in-the-wall with a very brusque owner/waiter and kind of dingy decor.  I don't mind any of these things actually, but the food I definitely took some issue with.  I ordered a tofu-veggie dish (can't remember the name) served over rice.  My boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl.  Our food came fast enough and it was served hot.  However, my dish was nothing to brag about.  It was pretty average tasting Asian fare.  It didn't taste bad by any means, but not restaurant quality.  Good thing it was only about 6 bucks.  My boyfriend's dinner was a real disappointment, however.  My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Seattle had HUGE vermicelli bowls with absolutely fresh lettuce and onions, piled high on top of perfectly cooked noodles.  The meat/tofu you ordered with it was never sparse and it was cooked to perfection.  Everything was doused with some sweet fish sauce and presented with some sliced egg roll.  The pork vermicelli that came to my table did not resemble this at all.  It was served in a rather small bowl with just a few pieces of lettuce and onion.  The "pork" that was on top amounted to about 1/4 of a cup of weird texturized, shredded something.  It almost looked like boiled ground beef.  I felt sorry for my boyfriend because he had never eaten Vietnamese food before and I had recommended a vermicelli dish to him because they are (usually) delicious.  As a double whammy, his dish was about 9 dollars!  Neither of us were full when we were done with our meals, so we ordered some spring rolls, which were supposed to be what they are famous for.  I don't understand this either.  The rolls were extremely bland and chewy.  The sauce that was served with it didn't do much to save it.  Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place and I will continue my search for good Vietnamese food elsewhere.  Also, please take note they only accept cash and no cards.
4	I see a lot of confusion in the other reviews; people seem to either love or hate Tram's.  I think I can help explain this issue.Tram's has a fairly full menu, but there are two things on the menu that you should be ordering:  the soups (particularly, the beef pho) and the fresh spring rolls.  That's it.If you've had Pho in other cities, you might not understand Tram's.  There's no Vietnamese community in Pittsburgh, so you can't get all the trimmings you might have come to expect:   no tripe, no tendon, no other strange meat parts. Just beef or chicken.  But what sets Tram's apart, in my view, is the quality of his broth.  I have eaten Pho all around the US, and Tram's broth is, in my view, the very best I've had.So get the pho (or, if you're in the mood for something different, the Saigon Soup), get the spring rolls, and skip everything else on the menu.  Then you'll understand Tram's.Incidentally, the owner's name is not "Tram".  His name is Le Thao.  Tram is his daughter, who was left behind in Vietnam for many years, when his son needed a kidney transplant in the US.
4	Like the owner. Informal atmosphere- almost Asian cafeteria style except the food is really good. Decor is a little disjointed. Cheap prices so I'm not complaining. Always fast service. Good place for a casual hang out w/ friends or a not-out-to-impress date. Do not add fish sauce to stuff- it almost ruined my Tram's proclivity forever.Good place to get a spicy hot soup in the winter if you're cold.Seems good for large groups. Cash only I think...
4	The first thing that charmed me about Tram's kitchen was the tablecloths. They are exactly like the tablecloths I saw in a little hole-in-the-wall restaurants throughout Vietnam. The decor is very similar to what you'd get in Vietnam, so if you don't like the decor, you probably should never go to Vietnam. In terms of food, the service was quick, the food was piping hot and quite delicious. I was expecting more fresh herbs on the pho, but the complex broth more than made up for any lackings. I will definitely be heading back to this cheap, tasty hole-in-the wall.
4	Peter B. got it right. Order the Pho, order the spring rolls, and I'll add order the summer rolls. These are all good. Other things are not worth trying. I love Pho, and I have it all over the country. Tram's is NOT one of the best. However, when you're in Pittsburgh, and you have limited selections, it is the best. For that PhoFix in da Burgh, you gotta go to Tram's. Sometimes I think the Yelp Rating needs to be aware of the circumstances. It's not dumbing down, it's just knowing your surroundings. Tram's - you get 4 stars from me. Thanks for quenching my pho thirst.
4	Cheap, tasty, filling.  We tried the pho, spring rolls, and lemongrass chicken; all were well worth ordering again.  This was, however, my first Vietnamese meal, so my thoughts are necessarily less discerning.  The owner is indeed a character, and he more or less ordered for one of us.  Luckily, we're pretty easy going, and generally happy to take a proprietor's advice on what's good.  He struck me as amusing and endearing rather than abrasive.The place was packed, though we went at 7 on a Friday.  Given this and the fact that they take no reservations, it'd probably be a hassle to go there with parties larger than 4.
2	Meh. I was visiting from NYC when I ate here before a show at the Brillobox. The beef pho was sub par. Food took about 10 minutes to arrive when it did the beef was already cooked through (that's a BIG no-no in my book). I could hardly make out the star anise in the broth, and the bean sprouts had seen better days. The framed PPG review says Tram's has the best Pho in Pittsuburgh; if that's actually true, then the state of  Pho in Pittsburgh is in bad shape.I also tried the vegetarian satay that my wife ordered and it was pretty decent, so plus one star for having vegetarian soups, and more importantly, actually trying to make it good. It beat the pants off of the veggie Viet place on 6th st. in NYC. I kinda have my doubts about their interpretation of "vegetarian" though I kept that to myself...As others have noted, the decor is kinda dumpy and the guy that took my order was surly, but I wonder if there's some kind of inverse halo effect going on here. Some hole-in-the-walls are just that: a hole in the wall.Also: $8 for Pho does not make for hole-in-the-wall pricing.
4	Wow! I am so glad Miss Alison suggested this place while we were in town. She's vegan and they have plenty of options for her. We came here with friends for dinner after Day 1 of selling at Handmade Arcade. We got there just in time since it got packed shortly after we sat down. There was a slight language barrier, so instead of getting the chicken with crispy noodles, I got tofu, but you know what? I didn't even notice until 5 minutes after eating and then I looked across the table at my friend Jessica's dish that clearly had chicken and we had ordered the same thing. Oh well. I don't regret it at all. It was delicious and I ate every bite. Also the vegetable gyoza we started with was very tasty. Will definitely add this into my rotation of Pittsburghian restaurants I hit up when I am there. I heart Pittsburgh!
5	Ok, I have to give this place a 5, and no JUST because of the delicious food.  I'll preface my story with its probably the best Pho/vietnamese in Pittsburgh...yada yada...delicious...yada yada...cheap...yada yada...great phoBUT a lot of ppl have said its no-frills, angry servers who throw food at you.  And this has been the case a few times before my story tonight.  I've never minded.TONIGHT though...i went to get some take out pho on a snowy evening.  I had to wait for a few minutes...and the owner was nice enough to engage me in conversation while I waited.I get my Pho...paid..and I get in my car...and drove away...A block later, due to the snowy weather and my inability to slow brake...I squealed to a stop when some guy ran out into the street.  I did stop in time, spared his life...BUT MY PHO WAS EVERYWHERE!  Most of it was in the bag, but a good portion was on the floor...on the seat...MORE IMPORTANTLY, NOT IN MY BELLY.  So I drove into a parking lot...had to dispose of the mess...and cried.  Now not only did I NOT have pho...my car now smelled enticingly of beefy broth.  So in a moment of frenzy, I thought...What the heck...im only a block away, IM GETTING MY PHO.So I went back...and got my pho!  AND...the guy didn't even charge me.  He was SO nice and he was like "You said you dropped it, I believe you! here!"omfg, I EFFING LOVE THIS PLACE.
4	I do have a special place in my stomach for Tram's kitchen and I try to eat there every now and again.  Pho is a good meal to warm you up in the winter and this place is a great place to stop in for a yummy dinner.  I have been a little wary to go off the beaten path of the spring rolls and the Pho, so I got the spring rolls and the chicken peanut soup (I think that is what it was called).  It was very close to the chicken Pho, except it had less noodles, more veggies, and a little different twist on the sauce with some crunched peanuts that settled at the bottom and a bit more spice.  The dishes definitely didn't disappoint.  The parking is on the street (which is usually pretty empty after working hours), and the ambiance seems to have perked up a little bit with what I think is a new coat of baby blue paint and some new flowery table cloths.  Don't worry though, the mother of pearl wall art is still there, and your chances of not understanding your server is still high.  The prices are cheap, the grub is good, and the place is uh... rustic, oh yeah, and bring cash!
5	Great pho and fresh spring rolls!
5	I have had Vietnamese food in Boston, DC, SF, Chicago, and Pittsburgh.  The Pho here is certainly on a par with the other places that I have sampled.  What sets Tram's apart for me are 2 things.  1.  The spicy prawn is really different.  I am not sure what it is that gives it its unique flavor and appeal but I have never had anything like it.  2.  The spring rolls are absolutely amazing.  I know that the spring rolls should technically be very basic--the ingredients are generally well understood etc, there are no real secrets etc.  For whatever reason, these are the best springs I have ever had.
5	I have had Vietnamese food in Boston, DC, SF, Chicago, and Pittsburgh.  The Pho here is certainly on a par with the other places that I have sampled.  What sets Tram's apart for me are 2 things.  1.  The spicy prawn is really different.  I am not sure what it is that gives it its unique flavor and appeal but I have never had anything like it.  2.  The spring rolls are absolutely amazing.  I know that the spring rolls should technically be very basic--the ingredients are generally well understood etc, there are no real secrets etc.  For whatever reason, these are the best springs I have ever had.
5	CASH ONLY!!! Due to work being called off because of loss of electricity I thought i would take this opportunity to venture to Trams.  When i arrived i was the first and only one there.  I was expecting to see many different types of PHO on the menu, but there was only one line with PHO on it.  This made it easier for me to make my decision even though the vermicelli bowls were tempting.  I also ordered two spring rolls.   The spring rolls came out and they were much bigger than i was expecting.  They tasted fresh, crunchy and filled with goodness such as shrimp, pork, noodles, and herbs.  I dipped them in a chili sauce as well as a brown sauce to complete this delicious experience.  The only negative of my meal was I ordered chicken and shrimp pho and ended up getting Beef pho.  I am guessing i confused the server/owner while i was ordering.   I didn't bother to complain since i figured he wouldn't understand anyways, so i began to consume my pho.  Every aspect of the dish was perfect from the noodles, to the beef to the sprouts that I got to dunk in every so often.  My meal ended up costing $14 without tip and was worth every penny.  By the time I left every table was filled.  Cant wait for our next February Tropical Storm.
5	Oh Tram's.This place is incredible.  Some of the worst atmosphere you'll find, but just about the best food in Pittsburgh.  If you like pho, you will love Tram's.  If you have never had pho, go to Tram's.  You'll fall in love.
3	Tram's has slipped a bit!  I went a few days ago, and their broth, which is normally super savory, was less so.  Still, I tried the spring rolls this time and they were freakin' good.Still yummy, but no longer the best pho I've ever had.
5	great place.  great food.  perfect spice level and it doesn't interfere with the flavor.  had an everything bowl with vermicelli and some egg rolls.  very good.  quick for lunch too.   excellent pricing.  cant wait to eat here again.
4	I'm pretty much a pho expert.  Maybe not certifiable, but pretty close.  I wasn't sure what Tram's would have to offer in terms of authentic pho- but it's the real deal. The rundown:I ordered two of the pork & shrimp spring rolls- delish!  I've had better peanut sauce, but the rolls were great.   Then I ordered the beef pho.  The broth was incredible- ridiculously hot (temp) with onions, just the way it should be.  The beef was probably too well done for my taste and was cooked all the way through when the soup was brought to me.  But it tasted just fine.  Only complaint was that the basil that came on the side wasn't very fresh. Overall, it was great. Def going back.... and Tram is a nice guy.
3	Pittsburgh doesn't have many Vietnamese options. Tram's Kitchen is the only place I've ever heard people mentioning. Today I've finally visited it. First impression: solid pho.  The soup had a good flavor, though the portion is a little small. I was disappointed that they did not have tripe or tendon, but the beef was cut thinly. The menu selection is not terribly wide, but they seem at least competent with what they do have to offer. Efficient family service. Simple ambiance. Dinner under $15.
1	If you have been to any other PHO restaurant, in any other city, Tram's Kitchen would be OUT OF BUSINESS! For starters, the portion of the PHO is extremely SKIMPY! I don't think we have had such a small portion of PHO since we were Babies! Seriously, would it kill you to add more rice noodles? Since we had the PHO as our Appetizers, we then ordered the Seafood Pan Fried Noodles...Oh wait...we paid for Seafood...but all we got were vegetables and some imitation they call seafood. What a Joke! Suggestion if you plan on going here. Come FULL and just order the Spring Roll.
5	The Pho was so good. The perfect balance of ingredients. Who knew PGH had good Vietnamese food.
4	Was craving Pho while in Pittsburgh - and so on to Yelp I went and found the reviews for this place. So off I went in search of Tram's.Tram's is located in a section of Pittsburgh that is a little on the run down side - the area has seen better days. But that did not phase me - adds some character to the place!It was about 1:45 pm when I rolled in. Was given a choice of where to sit  - a little old man with one arm (or perhaps he was missing just the hand? - could not tell) took my order. He did not seem to friendly - I asked him a couple of questions and it was hard to get anything out of him.I ordered Pho Ga with white meat (although their menu lists it as "Pho Hanoi") with garden rolls and a glass of water.I suspected that perhaps their approach to Pho was going to be more Northern Vietnam based on the name for the soup - and I was partially correct. When the soup came out - the noodles were the slightly wider ones rather than the very thin ones.Now I'm guessing that many of my Yelp friends from the DC area that like Pho would not have liked the Pho here.  Unless I'm mistaken - most of you folks seem to prefer to have all of the fat skimmed and strained out of your Pho broth - which I am against. It makes the broth to clear and light and there is a significant reduction in flavor and richness when this is done. And they certainly weren't doing that here. In fact - there was a slight oiliness or greasiness to the broth - but not overly so. It gave the broth a delicious richness and subtly in flavor that was just so damn good!I added all of the aromatics and veggies. I will say that the amount of Basil, and the quality of the Basil were the low points of the meal. The poor Basil had seen better days.I then tasted the broth and was floored by how good it was. I detected light, rich hints of star anise and cinnamon, which when combined with chicken essence fat globules and onions - was just outstanding. Rich, savory, wonderful!I added Sriracha sauce to individual bites of food as I went - and only added a little to the broth at the very end. I really wanted to savor the broth the way it was.Cons:- The rolls were not very fresh - in fact I did not finish them because they weren't very good.- The Basil was not crisp and fresh- The restrooms need to be gutted and retrofittedSo I'm only docking them one star for the cons - the Pho was outstanding IMHO - so four stars overall!Cash only - no credit cards. I had a bit of a hard time finding parking - so beware of that.
4	I am also somewhat conflicted about Tram's.  I have been a few times now, and it seems to be somewhat hit or miss.  I've had the Pho a few times, and while always fairly good my satisfaction largely hinges on the amount and freshness of basil and mint that is brought out.  The other dishes are usually well made and well seasoned.  I enjoy the short menu and the waiter who is fun to interact with.  This place is usually pretty busy even on a weekday evening.  Surprising given the location.  Definitely better than Pho Minh up the street, but I still think Spice Island has the best Vietnamese dishes in town.
3	Great Pho. Go here for fresh soul warming food with unique flavor.
4	Spring rolls with dipping sauce. Huge bowl of pho, with plenty of chicken (or beef; I've gotten that before too), crisp and flavorful veggies, with basil and bean sprouts and lime for you to put on top. Very, very filling, fast service (when avoiding busiest hours), no complaints.
5	Best pho I've had in ten years.  I want to try something else at Tram's, but I can't help but order pho every time I'm in there.  I agree with other reviewers: they could definitely add slightly more "fixin's" for the pho (can you tell I'm Southern?), and the fixin's could be a little fresher, but the pho itself is excellent.  The spring rolls are excellent, too.  I just wish they served 33 beer to go with it all.  Service is good, if a bit gruff.  Don't screw around chit-chatting at the table when you come in; you need to be ready to order when the waiter (Tram?) gets to you.  Failure to do so will expose you to his withering scorn.  (Seriously, he'll hang out, staring at you, until you make up your mind.)  Price is right, too.  With spring rolls and an entree, you'll get out of here for under $10/person.
4	This place isn't much to look at, but when the I'm talking about a restaurant ambiance falls second to good food. The pho here is great. Really flavorful with a great balance of ingredients. I need to go back and try the Bun.
5	stop 4 on our 7 state pho tour - and everything else you read is true.my thoughts were like this...small, border line clean, authentic, no tripe?, took forever to get food on the table, excellent pho, nice little place.
2	I'm Vietnamese and I grew up eating Vietnamese food everyday.  Let me tell you, this place is a big let down.  I don't know why people are giving it such rave reviews.  All my Viet friends in this city also avoid this place because it really is NOT good.  The portions are tiny, and the pho broth leaves you unsatisfied.  It lacks the true flavor that pho broth should have.  I've had pho at home and in 30+ different pho restaurants and this was probably in my top 5 most disappointing.  As for the other dishes, it comes to the table looking like someone already ate it or like a jumbled mess.This is aside from the service..I actually like the old man that works there...he's the only reason I give it two stars.
5	I go here as often as I can!!  I love it.  The Pho is the best in Pittsburgh and is always served with the correct sides ;-) The service is attentive without being overbearing and the prices are great! Stop reading and GO!!!!
4	I feel I must defend Tram's... Point one: It's dirty. So it's not a freakin' Panera Bread in there... with 7 high school students wiping down tables at all times. It's not super clean, so what? Please name for me a spotlessly clean Vietnamese restaurant in the city of Pittsburgh. Seriously, take a spin through the alley behind Pho Minh in Garfield, *ahem* sorry in the Penn Avenue Arts District... Their backyard is like an open sewer... I've still eaten there and lived to tell the tale.Point two: But for hipsters, it would not be in business. Don't give yourselves too much credit, my friends. In the ancient era B.C.H. (Before Coming of Hipsters), Tram's still did a brisk business serving tasty if basic Pittsburgh-Vietnamese cuisine (they've taken the shimp curry over french fries off the menu, but you can still order it) to those who would brave the wilds of Lawrenceville (a distinctly unfashionable address, circa 1995) to get it. Did Tram's have all but a corner on the market at the time? Sure. Would people return if it was terrible? I would hope not. As for the food, I am no student of Vietnamese cuisine, but the bun, or as it's billed here: "grilled meat (why they don't just call it pork is a mystery, perhaps they're leaving their options open?) over vermicelli" (pronounced "ver-miss-eh-lee," by our esteemed host) is tasty and filling, as are the spring rolls. I can't comment on the pho as I have had too many inedible-mystery-tendon experiences at "real" Vietnamese restaurants in "real" cites to "really" be all that excited about the dish... Long lives Tram's! Haters beware....
3	Good place to find Pho in Pittsburgh, Pho-real!  It's messy/dirty.  That doesn't bother me.  I've had better Pho.  I've had better service.  But it's not horrible.  And I would definately eat there again!
3	For many people in Pittsburgh, Tram's is the only place to be to get pho.  For me though, whenever I go, I always leave disappointed wanting more.  Their saving grace?  Their spring rolls are easily some of the best of the Vietnamese variety in the area.I find their pho to have small portions and to be of inconsistent quality.  If the I find the broth is good, they might ruin it by dumping a good 6 shakes of black pepper all over everything before they serve it (wtf?).  Other times, they might serve beef cooked well done as opposed to the rare which I prefer.  Or maybe they will give me my beef rare, except the broth will be so lukewarm that zero residual heat passes on to the beef.Their spring rolls though are good.  Fresh and wrapped tightly, they help make the long wait time it takes for pho to be brought out more manageable.
1	I didn't care too much for the atmosphere because most hole in the wall sort of restaurant are authentic & non-Americanized (which is what I'm looking for).  Location of the restaurant was in a run down (kind of Old Pittsburgh style) and parallel parking was a must, be aware that you may have to park far and walk to the restaurant if you're not able to get front door service.  Inside I didn't expect much, tablecloths were vinyl and chairs with uneven stands.  All I care about was the authenticity of the food & cost for what it's worth.I started my meal with an appetizer of Goi Cuon with shrimp.  I was highly disappointing when disecting what was in it.  There was 1 shrimp cut in half lengthwise, mainly bun (rice noodle) for fillers along with a few strands of beansprouts & lettuce to make it look presentable.  I quickly devoured the tiny appetizer in 2 bites.  My main entree was Pho Ha Noi.  It took forever for the food to arrive, it was a big bowl.  Until I stirred it around to find out it was mainly broth and green onions.  The broth was flavorless, actually it didn't have any flavor; so I had to add hoisin sause to give it a little of whatever to go along with the sliced pork.  I was confused about the noodle itself, Pho is usually served with flat vermicelli noodle; but this Pho Ha Noi was served with round vermicelli noodles usually for Bun Bo entree.  I asked the old man with the amputated arm, why it was served with bun (round rice noodle) instead of pho (flat rice noodle) noodles, he laughed and insisted it was pho (flat rice noodle).  Ok I may be young but I wasnt born yesterday, I think I know my pho noodle and sorry it wasn't.  Next visit to the 'burgh, I think I'll try Pho Minh & see how their PHO compares to Tram's Kitchen.  So HIGHLY disappointed with my Pho experience.
5	Best pho in pitt
5	i love the pho and spring rolls.
5	They have the best Pho (I get the vegetarian version), vegetarian spring rolls and tofu w lemongrass. Those are the only things I order there bc they are so delicious I can't bare to order anything else.  It's not the best atmosphere, but the food is delicious.. and that's what you go to a restaurant for!!
2	Visiting Pittsburgh for a few days and wanted some Vietnamese so we stopped by here expecting to find the best pho in Pittsburgh. The restaurant setting is very typical of a vietnamese restaurant. The menu is small with very limited choices. Service is minimal. We ordered some spring roll appetizer which was pretty good. Then we had 3 different kind of pho for our main entree. We ordered a "sate" soup, a Saigon soup and a pho Hanoi soup. Only decent one was the pho Hanoi soup which isn't really like the typical pho. No beef tripe, tendon or beef balls in the soup and the noodles are fatter then what you'd find in typical pho. There was also excessive MSG in the soup dishes.
5	awesome vermicelli with coconut milk. if i lived around here i would eat at tram's every day. actually, i live in san francisco, which (obviously) has excellent restaurants, many of them vietnamese. i would put tram's up against any of them, any day of the week.
5	Tram's is lovely for what it is -- a hole in the wall Vietnamese no-frills noodle shop. The table service is spotty, but colorful. The menu isn't extensive, and really, I don't know why anyone orders anything other than the following things: spring rolls, Vietnamese spring rolls, vermicelli with onion (pork or tofu), vermicelli with coconut milk (pork or tofu), Saigon soup, pho, satay soup. Things are served with the right accompaniments and things are always fresh and well-prepared. Tram's isn't a place to take your boyfriend's parents to impress them (unless they like good Saigon soup and plastic tablecloths), but it is a great place to take friends. Smile at the staff and they smile back. The food is delicious and the place has charm.
4	Only been there once and I ordered the Pho Hanoi; I would say that even though their Pho Hanoi has noticeably  less ingredients than that at Pho Minh, the chicken was absolutely the best chicken I've had -- probably chicken breast -- as opposed to the usual chicken "unknown parts" that one usually gets at Chinese or Vietnamese restaurants ....
1	I've been to Tram's several times, always hoping for a better experience, and more importantly, better food.  I eventually gave up.  The food tends to be bland, the owner brusque, and with Pho Minh just up the street, I find myself going there when I'm craving a hot bowl of pho on a cold Pittsburgh winter night.Food highlights -    None that I can really think of.  The food is cheap.Food cons -    The component that makes or breaks a bowl of pho is the broth.  It is the one thing that must be good for the soup to be enjoyable.  I've never had any hint of real flavor from the broth itself (before you add the plum sauce and the srirachia and basil and lime).  This is something that Tram's has gotten badly wrong every time I visited.
4	Very good noodle soup and spring rolls. Great hole-in-the-wall restaurant in an OK location. Service is variable, but you probably should not be going there for the service anyway. One thing I wish is that they had more seating. Several times I went there, the restaurant was full, so I had to eat somewhere else.
5	Best fish sauce everrrrrrrrrrrrrr! For the eggrolls which have alot of taro in them so its very fragant
4	This is the only pho place... taste is better than Lulu's that's pho sure.
3	the pho was good, but not great.i got the meatball pho just because you don't see that everyday, and the meatballs and broth were excellent.the problem i had was with the noodles. they use thin clear noodles that break apart when you go at them with the chopsticks. if they switched up the noodles to something thicker, the pho would be right on with amazing pho i have had in nyc.the service could have also been better - not because of the language barrier, but in attentiveness.so good not great - but will go back.
5	Tram's is effing FANTASTIC.  The soup (pho) is... You can't even call it "soup".  It transcends soup.  It's a fragrant, hazy lemongrass experience, like wading through a stream in the hot Viet summer, cooled with basil and lime.  And, it's served by a Vietnamese man with one arm, and he is awesome.  God bless him.
4	Kind of a hole in the wall. But it's authentic and the spring rolls are great; plus, when you order take-out they give you extra hot sauce and package everything separately, so nothing gets mushy on the way home.  Worth your while.
5	I have been feeling very sluggish and found out that I am lacking in dietary fiber. It's hard to make good food from scratch during the week bc of my busy schedule. A great friend of mine suggested loading up on Pho a few times a week. I decided to try the vegetarian tofu Pho and veggie spring roles. Everything was so crisp and fresh, bean sprouts, lime, and a sweet spicey sauce. The broth was extremely flavorful and since I work down the street I have found a new place to get something healthy and delicious! Take cash, no credit cards.
5	It's not for the service, it's not for the style, it's for the Pho! Tofu lemongrass is equally amazing.
4	pro: really, really good food.cons: shared tables.  crowded.  hipsters.
4	Although everyone comes here for the pho, i also like the fried rice and the egg noodles with tofu yummy! yummy!
4	I don't know how other reviewers compare Trams to Pho Minh.  Pho Minh is disgusting and uses a very tasteless powder broth/soup base for their pho.  Pho Minh is a lot closer to the real deal, but their pho selection is really small.This has been the best bowl of pho I've had in Pittsburgh, and the four stars is totally relative for the 'burgh.
3	Pho is good but its not best pho or egg rolls (they don't even serve it with the lettuce and herbs) you can get in Pittsburgh. On the flip side though, their owner is super friendly
3	On my first visit to Pittsburgh after moving back to PA, an old friend and I stopped in at Tram's because he said it was the "known" Vietnamese place in Pittsburgh. I was underwhelmed. I enjoyed it enough. I should say I am not a Pho girl (I do like it), but rather a Bun Thit Nuong girl. It didn't have the rich, savory body I'm used to. No doubt, Phoenix and California have robust enough populations of Vietnamese folks to create stiff competition, and the places I frequented there put me over-the-moon. I spied another Vietnamese restaurant just a few blocks down the street. I'd like to give it a go-round next time I'm in the city.
5	I'm no expert on Vietnamese food, but methinks the folks who are all "OMG I AM FROM (name a coast) AND THIS PLACE IS TERIBEL OMG OMG OMG!!!!" need to put a plug in it.  If it's so great there, STAY THERE! We don't want to hear it.  Nobody logs into Yelp and says "Well, Tram's sucks, guess we have to go to BOSTON now to get Vietnamese food." Now, the review.  I am a curry monster.  If a country makes a curry, I want to eat it, and once I've eaten it, I want more.  Not all curries are created equal, but the curry you get at Tram's is pretty damn good.  And that's why I go there, but it's not the only reason to go there.The spring rolls are pretty good, as well.  What I like about them is that they're fat, and packed tightly.  You have to appreciate it, because it is no easy task to wrap one of those things really tightly without ripping the skin.The service is sort of no-frills.  They're not overtly friendly, but definitely not rude either.  Just quick and businesslike.  I love the ambiance, too, because it reminds me a lot of east Asia.  Cheap tablecloths, pastel-painted walls, and until recently, it was organized in such a way that your table and the folks next to you were so close together you may's well have been dining together.What's a real complaint about this place? It's what I say about every place that's cash only.  They need a credit machine.
4	Tram has great Pho, and enough of it to feed all of Pittsburgh when the next fake Armageddon rolls around.
1	I only had Pho so I can't judge the rest of the food, but the Pho was the worst I've ever had. Biggest let down ever, as I drove here once and it was closed and came back excited to get my fill of Pho at what's apparently the best place in Pittsburgh, but  left feeling sad. The broth tasted like water, and amount of beef and noodles you get was pathetic.
4	[+] pho soup rice spring rolls amazing flavor waiter with one hand decent price byob [-] avg. ambiance waiter with one hand
5	The best Pho in the Burgh. It is INCREDIBLY flavorful, despite what I've read in some people's reviews. I cannot count how many times I've been to Tram's... over 50 at least. I recently had Pho in Los Angeles and San Francisco and it paled in comparison to Tram's. The rice noodles and chicken are always perfectly cooked, the spice is just right, and it hits the spot every time. I always get the vegetarian fresh rolls as well, which are huge! The prices are also amazingly cheap.The place is one of those hole-in-the-wall joints and that just adds to the experience. Love it and will always be a loyal patron! Pho Minh down the street is terrible compared to this place!EDIT: Someone sent me a comment saying that they preferred another place to Tram's. That is totally fine, but I also love Tram's because THEY DON'T USE MSG! Yay!
5	Ate dinner here on the 3rd of July. Still dreaming about the Pho from this place.Not the greatest part of town, but well worth the risk in my opinion for the goi cuon and Pho. By no means do I claim to know everything about Vietnamese cuisine or even anything more than a 'fan,' this is one place that when I make the 100+ mile trip to Pittsburgh, I will definitely stop to make sure I visit. Even if it's just for something to take home (Nothing beats cold Pho to cure a hang-over).
2	Trams has Vietnamese food and it's in Pittsburgh.  So if you're craving spring rolls with peanut sauce or vermicelli with fish sauce and fresh herbs, this is the place to go if you're in Pittsburgh.  Be forewarned - if you've had Vietnamese food from places with large Vietnamese populations, Trams satisfies an urge but it's definitely not the greatest.  They're stingy with the herbs and the peanut sauce; a bit on the expensive side for this kind of food (especially for being such a dive); the pork is dry; and the vermicelli bowls are pre-mixed - even the fish sauce has already been dumped in.
5	Just wanted to briefly point out to Seth M. that the waiter with one arm is Tram's father. I was told by my sister-in-law who befriended him a long time ago that his family sided with the American's in the Vietnam war (perhaps this explains the arm, but I'm not sure). Most of his family took refuge in the states, but for some reason (not certain why) his daughter, Tram, was detained in Vietnam while the rest of the family trekked to the States. He opened up Tram's kitchen and then, eventually, Tram reunited with family in the states. Last I was there, the only two servers were Tram's father (wish I knew his name) and Tram, a father/daughter server team.
5	Food: Tram's is one of the true hidden gems in Pittsburgh and serves The best Vietnamese food the city has to offer.  Fans of Vietnamese food surely know Tram's by now, but those who haven't tried yet need to.  The menu offers appetizers, meat, seafood, and vegetarian options.  But there's no reason to order anything but the Pho.  There are many options, but keep it simple.  Pho real.  It's unbelievably tasty and filling.  One bowl will have you stuffed, but if you have a massive appetite, the spring rolls are also huge and delicious.  Price: One person can gorge themselves with tip included for under $10.  The prices here are ridiculous considering the quality and quantity of the food being served.  If you're on a budget, this should be a regular stop.  It should be regardless.Drinks: the Thai iced tea is good, all regular drinks are offered, no boozeAtmosphere: If Tram's was to be criticized in any way, surely this would be it. The dining room is almost but not quite dirty, and likely hasn't changed in 10+ years.  What some may see as a blemish others may view as character (me).  Hey it's Tram's Kitchen, and we're just eating there.  Wear a blindfold, you'll still taste the remarkable food.  Cash only.Service: A waiter will be to your table with water before you even hit the seat, and another will be over for your order within 60 seconds.  Thats why you just order the pho.  There's no wasting time at Tram's.  Sit down, order, food comes quick, bill shortly after, eat, go home.(+): Tram's is a can't miss restaurant in Pittsburgh.  The only way to miss it would be driving past it without realizing because its so small and indistinguishable on Penn Ave.  The food and price are unbeatable.(-): Some may be slightly turned off by the atmosphere.Would I go back again? Routinely.
2	I've been to Tram's Kitchen a few times with friends and I hear good things from people about this place.  Personally, I don't see what is so special about it.  It's kind of a hole-in-the-wall kind of place, but the food is what I expected walking in.  Spring rolls are not flavorful and has too much minced meat and not enough of veggies for a good balance.  Also, I suspect they are the frozen variety and are not made in house.  Summer rolls are meh....  They're big, but again nothing special.  I've had the pho here and once again Pittsburgh disappoints me in the quality of pho that it has.  At Tram's, the pho bowl is small.  I don't expect a huge basin-size bowl, but a bowl of pho needs to have enough noodle, broth, herbs and spiced.  The meat is too overcooked for pho tai (pho with thinly sliced beef steak that is supposed to be cooked only when the boiling hot broth is poured in the bowl).  The taste is reminiscent of pho but isn't quite right.  You need to want to take your bowl and drink all the broth at the end of the meal and you should feel satisfied and be in a comatose state after a good bowl of pho.  This wasn't it.  That said, the service is nice.  However, I didn't feel too comfortable/relaxed eating here.  It was dark and crowded (and a little bit dingy).  I prefer dining at Pho Minh to satisfy my Vietnamese cravings.
3	I pretty much got my dad obsessed with pho when my family came out to California for my graduation in April. Everytime he calls me now he asks if I've had any pho lately. So, when I came back to the 'Burgh for a visit he was all about finding a Vietnamese place in the city to get some more. My parents and I had spent the afternoon in the Strip District, and enjoyed a few beers at Roland's before heading over to Tram's for dinner. We were hungry and the portions were huge, tasty and the reasonably priced. We decided to get three different entrees and all share. Obviously, we got the pho with beef, the fresh spring rolls, a spicy/bbq shrimp plate that came with white rice, and a vermicelli bowl with pork. Everything was pretty tasty. The pho broth was a little salty for my preference, but it had a wonderful lemongrass aroma and taste. Also, usually I get fried or garlic rice with any rice dish I order from my favorite place in Cali, but the shrimp was very good and not at all over-coooked, as so many places do these days. The vermicelli dish was right on, and other than the fact that I prefer egg rolls to spring rolls, those were tasty as well, especially with the dipping sauce they provided.I'd give this place 3 and a half stars. It was, overall, a good dining experience and service was quick, despite the neighborhood being a little sketchy and the inside being a little divey. Also, a personal comment. I firmly believe pho is a miracle cure for the cold/flu. Anytime I get sick I head over to my pho place and order a huge bowl with beef and then add plenty of Siracha sauce. I always wake up the next day feeling like a million bucks.  So, if you're feeling sick (especially around this time of year) try it out. Even if it doesn't work for you, you'll still get some tasty food : )
5	This place has been reviewed a lot, obviously, so I'll keep it short and sweet with a list.Pros:The vegetarian Pho is amazing. I will only have eyes for it when I go there, and maybe a fresh veggie spring roll. Unlike two of the other reviewers who had some sour grapes over their experience, I have multiple resources that the veggie Pho broth is vegan.Cheap. Huge bowl of Pho with fresh veggies and a drink for under $10. Cons:Parking in this neighborhood is a racket and restaurant doesn't have a lot.Good to know:No credit. Take cash, or use the ATM in the vestibule.Atmosphere is hole-in-the-wall. If you can't cope with that, get takeout or don't go.
4	Great pho. Small, vegetarian friendly and not at all boring. Go to there!
3	Tram's is a pretty small place, and when first coming here, the interior reminded me your typical cheap Chinese restaurant. But the setting is fine for eating. I don't expect anything fancy.I got the pho tai, which was not bad. They filled up a big bowl and also had hosin sauce and whatever that red rooster hot sauce (whatever it's called) for the optional additional flavor. In comparison to some of the other pho that I have had, I didn't find the broth to be as flavorful. Everything tasted fresh, though.We also got egg rolls and spring rolls. They were both good. I preferred the spring rolls.Service was a little slow. We had to flag down our waiter, but that's not too big a deal. I also felt that the preparation could have been quicker, but I don't know jack about making Vietnamese food besides comparisons to other restaurants.Overall, this place isn't bad, and I'd recommend you check it out if it's close by. My one friend recommended another place in Pittsburgh, but I can't remember the name and I'm too lazy to ask him. Maybe I'll update later and let you know. I'm a big help, right?
5	Hands down, the best Spring Rolls in the city.The vibe is more about the food, less about the decor. You will find joints like this all over SOMA in San francisco, but not so much here in the 'burgh. Damn, are we lucky or what???!I first ordered the Spring Rolls with shrimp, and they came out bursting with them! Two huge beautiful rolls. Patrick ordered the seafood pho, which was so bright and vibrant, delicious. And generous with the seafoods! It was the ocean in a bowl. I also ordered the lemongrass tofu appetizer- blown away! Perfectly lemon-y, nice texture and the best combo of salty and sweet. I dumped my peanut sauce all over it and chowed down like it was my last meal on earth. SO good!!!!!!Service is prompt. You won't get hugs and big smiles, but you will get amazingly authentic Vietnamese food!
3	I had a friend recommend this place. Can't complain about the parking or seating, it's Bloomfield for crying out loud! The food was take out quality. I loved my noodle and beef bowl with plenty of chili pepper added. ( can't begin to name it, began with a v and is at the bottom of the menu.) but the spring rolls were burnt to a crisp. I'm willing to give them another chance.
4	I am tempted to talk down on the cleanliness of this restaurant. It is truly a greasy spoon joint, but I kind of like that about Tram's Kitchen. The tables are covered with those lamented cloth table cloths that can be wiped down. Our server had dirty nails too.  I just happened upon this restaurant completely by accident. I was walking down the street after visiting my nephew at Children's Hospital.  The food was so good. I had the spicy prawn dish the only thing I would change would be to order two servicing. The "prawns" in the dish obviously weren't prawns but fairly large sized shrimps. The sauce was the best it had a really good spicy chilli flavor. I also had the lemon grass tofu.  For a fan of tofu I think it would have been enjoyable the tofu was tender and well seasoned. I am trying to find an opportunity to get back to eat at Tram's Kitchen. They are very reasonable priced here lunch for two was under $30.00 which is a bonus for a college student budget.
3	I feel like this place is right out of a Seinfeld episode.  It's in a tiny space on Penn Ave in Lawrenceville.  Tram is a gentleman who doesn't like it if you're not ready to order immediately when he comes to your table.  Because you only get about 2 minutes to look at the menu, the pressure's on when you sit down!The food here is tasty and inexpensive.  The Pho is perfect on a cold winter day.  I'll agree with other reviewers that the spring rolls are delicious as well.It gets pretty crowded during the weekday lunch rush.  Recommended if you're in the neighborhood!
4	I am from Houston, since I came here I've been searching for the perfect bowl of pho. I have to say this is the closest thing yet from home!!! Good pho with fair pricing, doesn't get ebtter than this.
4	Darren and I came here last weekend, and I liked it very much. The "Saigon Soup" was sssoooooo goood! I couldn't finish it! The portion was so generous. I also liked their egg rolls and the sauce that came with them. The owner was nice to us but doesn't play around! You have to order fast because the place is always full! I appreciated how he found a table and some chairs to seat us even though they were superbusy. I love Asian food, and now I have another place to enjoy.I didn't mind the decor, and the place isn't "dirty" either. What do people expect? The Le Mont?
5	This hole-in-the-wall place is just fantastic. I can never resist the spring rolls and often ask for extra dipping sauce. If you want something tastes but aren't feeling adventurous, go for the chicken curry - I have never been let down. Other great dishes include the vermicelli and their version of a pad Thai.
5	love the pho and spring rolls !!! the best vietonamese restaurant !! i
2	I don't see the hype. Bad service, bland food.
4	It's been said that you should never eat Chinese Food in Arkansas and never, EVER eat Cambodian food if it's right next door to a veterinary hospital.  I can say with certainty, though, that eating Vietnamese food in Pittsburgh is as healthy and delicious (and remarkably similar to) eating it anywhere else.
1	Went here last weekend with friends. Two of us became violently ill with food poisoning. Ordinarily, I would recommend the spring rolls and the pho, of course, but since my trip to the ER, I won't be back here again.
4	we like Tram's food and were disappointed today to find a hand written sign on the door that the restaurant was closed for 3 days, with a reference to a problem with the Health Department.
1	Don't believe the hype.Was in the Pittsburgh area for one day and decided to try the pho here.  It was a toss up between Pho Minh and here.  I think I chose wrong.A rule of thumb is a good ethnic restaurant will be swarming with that particular ethnic people.  When I went, all I saw were non-Asians.  Ordered the pho and it was mediocre and forgettable. It did not taste flavorful and authentic but maybe that's what is available in Pittsburgh.Another sour note, they dropped off some spring rolls at our table.  It was our first time there and I thought they were complimentary so we ate them.Later on, we saw them on our bill.  WE DIDN'T EVEN ORDER THEM.They were overpriced, and not worth it.Be careful if they drop off food or drinks at your table, they will bill you for it afterwards even if you didn't order it.
5	This is one of the best secrets of Pittsburgh. By far the best Pho in the area and over many places I have visited. If you want good service & environment, you'd better stop here. It's a hole in the wall by a seemingly angry asian (he's actually quite nice). Expect to wait on water or wait on refills. If you make your order too complicated, it'll probably get messed up.With that, the Pho. It's amazing and I've had a lot of Pho. However, it has it hit and miss days too. The meatball is more tender and flavorful than the beef which can be dry or tough to some that haven't had Pho before. I wouldn't recommend any other versions. A small is available as most Americans I bring here are unable to finish a bowl.Spring rolls are great (cold/fresh) with a peanut dipping sauce. The egg rolls are just amazingly full of flavor (fried) with a fish style dipping sauce. Place is very inexpensive too. Oh, this place is BYOB in terms of alcohol. Forgot to mention it's cash only. There's an ATM at the entrance or any of the nearby gas stations.
5	Oh Tram's, due to its close proximity to my place, I must resist the urge to come here too often. It's really that good. I've had the vermicelli curry, the pho hanoi soup, the saigon soup - I've never had a bad meal here.As noted by others - cash only. The restaurant itself is simple and no frills. Service is fast and no frills. Come in, order, eat, say thank you and leave. I'm a huge fan!
4	The food here was awesome.  Get some
3	I feel so sad having to bump my review of Tram's down, considering I've been going there for years. However, recently, they underwent a closure for health code violations and the food has not been the same since. A few co-workers of mine got food poisoning there prior to the closure. After it reopened, I went back and the food was very lackluster. The spring rolls were still my favorite in town, but the Pho was mighty disappointing. I hope it improves.
2	I really want to give this place more stars but the food at Pho Van is so much better. Tram's Kitchen tastes like home cooking, and it also feels like home with the owner's kids running around. But the bun thit nuong (pork vermicelli) was pretty sub-par, even with my already low expectations for a Vietnamese restaurant in Pittsburgh (we're Vietnamese from Cali so our expectations are usually really high!). The pork was so dry and tough it was inedible for me (though the bf ate all of his). The egg rolls were okay but just not the kind I'd sell at a restaurant. The spring rolls were edible yet I have to say the worst I've had (even I make way better ones). The waiter/owner(?) is really sweet, and I feel a bit guilty for not supporting the restaurant but I'm sure those that love this place will keep it going strong. I'll try this place once more and hope to give it a better review next time!
4	Great hole-in-the-wall Vietnamese joint. They serve all the standard fare, pho, split rice, vermicelli. I usually get the split rice dish with pork and at 8.95 the portion is very large. The only thing I've been slightly disappointed with at Tram's is the spring rolls. They weren't as fresh as I was hoping and some of the produce was slightly wilted. It seems to be a family owned place, the service is quick, and the food comes out even quicker.
5	It might be a "hole-in-the-wall," but it's a pretty nice hole with some decent looking walls and amazing food.  Tram's has, arguably (though it might not be much of an argument), some of the best tasting food in Pittsburgh, period.  An instant bonus star for being extremely vegetarian friendly.  My date and I split tofu spring rolls which were fresh, delicious and went well with the peanut based sauce provided.  For the main course I had tofu vermicelli which was by far the best item of food I've had since I've moved to this city.  With generous amounts of tofu, vermicelli and whatever coconut based heavenly sauce they put in it, it's hard not to finish an entire bowl.  Throw in some Sriracha and garlic hot sauce and It's almost too good to be true.   For desert we split an order of "banana cake," which sounds kind of stupid, but is actually incredible.  I have no idea what they put in it--maybe a rice based cake, with some beans cooked in, topped with coconut banana cream with sesame seed garnishing?  Really though, who cares?  You just accept it for what it is and eat because it's delicious.All of this food for two people with prompt service for $25.  How could you not give this place 5 stars?  A big shout out to Tram too.  I think he's the dude with with amputated arm. He's the man.  Don't' come here dressed to the nines, expecting a ritzy meal.  Do come here for great food in a casual, yet clean and hospitable environment.  You won't be disappointed.
5	My favorite pho resturant in town the fresh rolls are great the pho is very tasty.  The prices are good and the food is great.
5	Every time I'm in Pittsburgh, I make time to go to Tram's. Get #17 and order spring rolls. If you've got adventurous taste buds, you don't mind the lack of atmosphere, and you aren't looking for a pampering staff, then this place is quite the hidden jewel. I highly recommend a visit!
4	Pittsburgh isnt a city known for its culinary prowess, but there are little gems around town that I can always find myself going back to. Its not about amazing food, its not about cheap food, its about good value, and thats what Trams is. Their spring rolls might not be something to write home about, but the coconut vermicelli is great, and something you are seldom to find elsewhere, in fact, i havent ever had that anywhere else in my american dining experiences. vietnamese coffee is like intense dessert here, and a nice sugary-caffeinated pick me up thats not unwelcomed. Go to trams! get some noodles n'at!
4	Great food, awful service! (although some days the server has a less apathetic disposition than other days). I think that every time we've been here we've had chicken or beef curry with vermicelli, and it has been great! The lemon grass tofu was a pleasant surprise. They don't take reservations and the wait can get pretty long; come after 8 pm. BYO.
4	What a great place! Such remarkable, tasty food coming from such a "dump"? Who knew?? Been here quite a few times and have always enjoyed the plentiful, tasty, cheap food. If you need atmosphere or want to impress, this isn't for you. If you want to thoroughly enjoy some fabulous Vietnamese food, this is your place! They do great takeout too. If I lived closer, I'd be here all the time. Best Vietnamese food I've had in the city for sure!
4	Does this place have the best Vietnamese food I've ever had? No. But does it hit the spot? HELL YES! This was our go-to for hangover pho in college. Coming back the Pittsburgh after trying countless Vietnamese resturants, I was afraid to try the food again. I thought that the great taste I remembered was more of a memory and lack of food savvy-ness than anything else.However, Tram's did not disappoint. The rough-around-the-edges owner is still there, pumping out customers.The pho lacked a little depth, but satisfied the craving. The portion was bit small for the price (Vietnamese is dirt cheap, even in NYC), but fine. The lemongrass tofu was a little on the salty side, but very tasty! The spring rolls, like everyone has mentioned, is packed with goodies inside.My favorite dish of the night was probably the Split Rice dish. It comes with shredded and grilled pork and a lovely egg with runny yolk on top. The fish sauce that comes with it is sweet and delicious.Hardly a wait on Saturday night? BYOB? I would be there every weekend if I was still in the 'burgh. One minus: cash only.
4	Ok, so this place has the whole soup nazi feel. You get a little rushed when they are busy, and I get the feeling that the guy gets a little pissed if you take too long to decide. That being said, the food is awesome (if you can forget about the little food inspection mishap), the waiter has mad skillz, and if it's not busy he is also pretty cool to talk to. I say go, but be prepared and know what you want in advance, especially if you get flustered by being yelled at to hurry up...
4	if you're going out to vietnamese for the food, go here. if you're going out for the ambiance, go somewhere else. when you walk into tram's, you'll be seated and handed menus and approximately 45 seconds later be asked if you're ready to order yet. the staff is pretty get-in-get-out-get-going style. it is byob though, which is pretty cool too.i ordered the beef pho soup. i really enjoyed it. like i said, if you're going for the food itself, you should definitely check this place out, it's pretty damn good.
4	I've been there a couple of times and found their Pho to be really good and the best I've been able to find in Pittsburgh so far.  Their pho menu is kind of limited though in it's options.  It would have been nice to see some more variety in the ingredients.  I also had the spring rolls as an appetizer which were good.  Servers were very friendly and it seems to be a family run place. Food comes up very quickly.
4	I again had the spicy prawns but this time I noticed the chili sauce tasted a lot like ketchup. I am not a fan of ketchup but hell I can understand using it as a base for a chili sauce it just doesn't set well with me for Vietnamese food but I guess I can undertand it for Pittsburgh Vietnamese...it make sense.I like this resturant , but forgot it was cash only and I swear the owner blocked my way from the exit while I withdrew cash from the atm...Yeah I didn't like that feeling too much. Yes I would dine here agian in fact  I plan on doing so tomorrow evening, but I'll make sure I have cash on hand so as not to be made to feel like some sort of sneak thief!
4	I came here once and ordered pho, and I was very disappointed. Bland broth, tough meat, I didn't get the Tram's hype. Not that I've ever tried mind-blowing pho (I've only eaten it in Pennsylvania, which is probably the problem) but this was even worse than most.However, I've since been back and ordered the bun. Now I was impressed! Specifically with the version doused in coconut milk--I love coconut anything, and on top of vermicelli noodles with a squirt of hoisin and sriracha, it was heaven. Only thing is, I don't like the selection of vegetables they use. Onions and broccoli just aren't my jam, and my favorite veggie to have with my bun, cucumber, was sadly MIA from Tram's version.I do consider myself to be a little bit of a fresh spring roll connoisseur (ooookay, maybe not, but I eat them a lot), and Tram's are good, but not my favorite in the city. I know, a lot of people are all about Tram's rolls, but I like mine with lots of Thai basil, and you can barely taste it in theirs. They're still super fresh with a good amount of meat, so this is just a matter of preferences, not quality.Regardless of the meh pho, I can't stress enough that it's totally worth it to come here for the coconut milk bun! Delicious!!
4	Embrace the quirkiness of this place and you may just fall in love with it. Food is good, I always get one of their soups. Its nice that they recently cleaned up a little, repainted and all. cash only, but ATM in the front. nice insider tip for ppl from out of town.
3	I'm looking for a Pho I can come home to late at night. A Pho I can dream about on cold days. I have an official Pho place- Pho Bang in NYC- but it's obviously too far away. So far I haven't phound the pho I'm looking for in Pittsburgh. I will persevere and try the other places, but it's hard to live up to Pho Bang. The spring rolls were good. So was the little boy who took my order.
5	I would give this place 6 stars if that were an option. I have been going to Tram's for the past 3 years, and love the place. Not sure how the people who have given it negative reviews could arrive at their conclusions, but hey, everyone's entitled to his/her opinion, right?Everything I have ever ordered here has come fast and fresh. Spring Rolls are a must, and can be made a meal unto themselves. Chicken fried rice is astounding. Vermicelli dishes are a great treat in the warmer months (because they come at a cool temperature, and are almost salad-like), and the chicken pho is transcendent.Yes, transcendent.I yearn for the cold months because it means that I can eat the stuff - my wife at first was horrified that I referred to chicken pho as the best broth based food I had ever eaten. Hell, she even made fun of me for craving 'chicken soup,' which most people would simply make at home, but this is not like anything at home, this is the ultimate comfort dish. The beef pho is good, but their chicken version is simply the best.I know that they had some problems with their accreditation, but that appears to be well in their past, and frankly, I never had a single problem with their food before that. (That's more than I can say for many other restaurants I've been to...)
5	For the price and the taste, i give it 5 stars. It's not the best, but good enough. What's better than a bowl of hot pho soup in the chill snowy winter days? Nothing!
4	GREAT FOOD!  Like the other reviews - you will not be disappointed by the fresh spring rolls.  Best I've had in the city.  The only part of our experience I wish I cloud have changed was the ordering process.  We weren't really sure what any of the dish's were, and the server offered no clarification.  My boyfriend was so flustered he just ordered by number and ended up with two entrees!  It was pretty funny.  Everything was flavorful and cooked perfectly.  We will definitely be going back (with a bit more knowledge of the menu)!
4	I have never had anything I didn't really really love, this is by far my favorite Vietnamese restaurant. It isn't a magic trick, it is good honest food.
4	If you can get past its humble appearance, Tram's Kitchen has the best pho and fresh spring rolls in Pittsburgh. The restaurant, which is owned and operated by a family of Vietnamese immigrants that left the old country in the early 1990s, is very down to earth and low key.The service is primarily provided by Tram's father, who has one hand but somehow manages to seat, take your order, pour/refill your water, brings your food, clear the table and cash you out. He can be moody at times, but I have never found him to be rude even on a bad or busy day (he probably just doesn't have time for slowpokes who can't make up their mind). I would cut him some slack if he doesn't appear to be the most patient person in the world. Parking in Lawrenceville can be iffy at times, but if you drive west a few blocks past Tram's there are usually many streetside spots. Cash only. BYOB.
2	1.5 / 5 - Beef Pho: Kind of bland tasting2.0 / 5 - Pork Chop: Not much meat and as much flavor as I'm used to, but still good.
1	Being Vietnamese I've had tried tons of Vietnamese Pho restaurants and Tram's has to be one of the worse place I've ever been to. The food was mediocre and full of MSG. I ordered a rice vermicelli dish with egg rolls and they were oily and greasy. The Pho was nothing special and place was small and looks dirty. My total bill doesn't reflect the price of the dishes I ordered. My bill came out to be higher than what's listed on the menu. Maybe because I'm vietnamese and being a visitor to Pittsburg for the first time, they think is ok to overprice their dishes on a Sunday night. Although the old man at the place is nice, this place doesn't deserve the stars that's given. I don't recommend this place to anyone especially my Vietnamese comrades whom may visit to Pittsburg looking for good authentic home town cooking.
4	Saigon Noodle Soup and Banana rice cake are my favorite here.
2	Location:4050 Penn Ave PittsburghPrice: $ 1/2Service: GoodMy family was really hungry and everywhere my parents visit they always want to try native food. So, I search Viet restaurant on the GPS and it lead us there- I mean if it was apart of the GPS' top 10 it must be good. I feel like being Vietnamese made me more critical on the food when I do go to Vietnamese restaurants. It is in a residental neighbourhood downtown.You're able to park along the streets. It was a very humble environment and very cute. The service was okay, they were really nice and never rude. We ordered Pho (of course...), com tam, pad thai, and bun. It all tasted plain;the Pho was a little off, the pad thai wasn't spicy or had enough of the sweet/sour taste to it. The portions were really small. I definitely feel like my GPS lied to me and that I've experienced better.
5	Love the Hanoi Pho and spring roll. Nice plump shrimp too. Do yourself a favor...it's far from a fashion spot, just real good eats. Reminds of what SF's Tenderloin excellent Cambodian and Vietnamese were back before everything cost an arm n a leg.
2	If you grew up in a part of the country with lots of Vietnamese food or have eaten it in such places, you're not going to be impressed by Tram's.I gave this place two tries and was disappointed both times. I will admit that I only tried the pho and a vermicelli bowl (on separate trips), but having ordered anything else on each of my trips would have put my bill in the neighborhood of $12+. Having grown up with cheap Vietnamese food in Texas, I wasn't prepared to spend that much for what's supposed to be a budget lunch, even with the understanding that I was going to leave hungry and that the lack of non-European ethnic diversity in Pittsburgh is going to automatically make things more expensive.Either way, I don't understand the hype surrounding this place. The pho bowl was small, with a tasteless broth and child-sized portions of noodles and meat. After a few bites, I drenched the whole thing in Sriracha just to give it some flavor and to try to trick my stomach into feeling a bit more like I had eaten something.The vermicelli was not so great either--a small portion of vegetables and noodles with a few too-thick chunks of pork that were not grilled long enough for any sort of darkness or crisp (but which still managed to be dry). The color of the dish was as bland as the taste.As for the atmosphere, not a big deal for me. The restaurant is small, with minimal seating and some dinginess to it, but that's fairly common for older Vietnamese restaurants. Most diners are young, hip, and not Asian (which could be a turn-off for some due to the perceived lack of authenticity and/or hipsteriness). Parking is a chore; if you live nearby and choose to give the place a try, walk or ride your bike, or prepare to find yourself circling nearby blocks of permit-only parking.Folks who dine at Tram's should keep in mind that cheaper, better, more authentic Vietnamese food exists out there. I grew up in North Texas (Dallas-Fort Worth area), where with one of the largest Vietnamese populations in the country, good, cheap Vietnamese food can be found all over the metro area. Pho portions down there are reasonably big, there are plenty of different meat combinations, and you can almost always choose the size of the bowl you want (usually kid's, small, large, and extra-large). Additionally, due to the presence of plenty of fresh ingredient suppliers and competition, prices are more in line with portion size, and the food is, more often than not, good. Most folks with normal appetites are able to leave satisfied having spent no more than $7 or $8 a person with tax and tip (compared to $20 at Tram's). Out of all the Vietnamese spots in North Texas that I've tried, my absolute favorite is Pho Pasteur, in Arlington: The pho, vermicelli bowls, crushed rice dishes, spring and egg rolls, and prices are all excellent. Tram's would be put out of business if anyone ever opened a restaurant like that up here.If none of the other few choices in Pittsburgh are satisfying your Vietnamese food cravings, it might be worth it to take a weekend trip up to Toronto. You would also have access there to some other Asian foods that we don't have here, such as dim sum and Taiwanese "small eats." For a slightly shorter drive, you can also find these things (though more sparsely) in the D.C. suburbs.
5	The best Vietnamese I have tried in Pittsburgh. The Tufu lemon from the appetizers was just perfect. I found the place from Yelp.com and I would definitely recommend it! Very inexpensive too! I really like it!
5	Great place for a cheap, but quality asian food. The portions are nice and big and they are not cheap with their meet like many places in town. I like going there for a casual dinner from time to time.
5	We live two doors down and this is our jam. It satisfies my pho desires in a major way. Every day we see them in the backyard garden getting fresh veggies for the evening. Don't mind the one armed owner. He knows his food is good so he can be mean. It is cash only but there is an ATM in the front.
2	It's about 2.5. We live in Squirrel Hill with a lot of good restaurants and I thought this place is better than where we usually go. The pho is the cheapest in Pittsburgh but the portion is very small. The spring roll is the most expensive vietnamese spring roll. I ordered the Saigon soup for myself and #17 for my husband. My husband likes it because he is an america and like sweet stuff. Everything with coconut is good for him. These dishes we got doesn't look like what they showed on the photo. The Vietnamese place in Squirrel hill or the stripe is a lot better.
5	I visit Pittsburgh frequently and had been looking forward to trying out this place after having read the reviews.Wow... The guy really knows his trade. The food is on par if not better than the majority of well known/respected vietnamese places in Los Angeles. BTW, the owner is hilarious. Someone mentioned in another review he was a mind reader... I totally get it. Lol.Since it was our first time there, we had no clue on what to get, we were stumbling over ourselves when the owner comes over and says "YOU. Get this." And points at the menu. "You will like with your wine" holy smokes was he right :) loved the food!Btw. Did I mention BYOB??? No corkage fee either. Score.One and only thing to keep in mind is the establishment is CASH ONLY.
4	This is my go-to place for Pho. I normally get take out since I live in the area, but sitting here is quite an experience too. This is authentic Vietnamese food. Highly recommend to anyone looking for some good Pho.
4	Talk about a hole in the wall. No frills at all here. One page paper menu with only a handful of dishes on it. Worth it for the pho and the price can't be beat.
5	One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. Spring rolls, egg rolls, lemon grass tofu appetizer, pho are an absolute must!! So authentic and delicious
5	Oh man... I wish I still lived in PGH. I really miss this place. Food was ALWAYS awesome. I liked their Banana dessert too!!
4	Located in Lawrenceville, Trams is a BYOB, cash-only operation. The restaurant is unassuming and actually rather on the dingy side. I didn't expect much in the way of atmosphere, but I could've done without the grease splatters in the wall. The service was prompt and efficient, if lacking in any charm. We sampled the veggie spring rolls (fabulous!), the lemongrass tofu (meh!  Boring and lacking), the tofu curry (pretty good), and the Pho, which was my favorite dish and was excellent.
5	Great hole in the wall place. The spring rolls are really good. I like them better than ones I've had in Vietnam and the sauce is yummy. The fried spring rolls are also very good. I sometimes get beef pho to bring home for dinner and the beef is usually still a little pink by the time I get home. Their broth is flavorful without adding anything too. Just remember to bring cash.
1	First of all, Tram's has been cited by the Allegheny Health Department for code violations like not storing meat at proper temperatures. I also personally know several people who have gotten violently ill from eating there. If that's not enough to stop you, read on.I feel like people who like this place are confusing "dirty & mean" with authentic. The staff are unpleasant and it doesn't feel like a place you'd want someone cooking food. And finally, sure, all of this could be different if the food was good, but in my opinion, it is not. Bland and disappointing, the Pho most of all. Pittsburgh has so many great asian restaurants, including other Vietnamese options, that I don't see any reason to eat here.
5	Just moved to the area and searched for a good place for pho. Stopped by and were pleasantly surprised.  The eggrolls hands down are the best we've ever had. Served them up with plenty of lettuce and herbs just the way we like it. The pho was good but nothing amazing. I had the curry chicken and was pleasantly surprised at how good the flavors were. Curry with just the perfect hint of sweet, so yummy! We will definitely be back! Don't judge a book by it's cover, this place is great!!!
3	I tried this place, there food is good. They make the best egg rolls.  I never had to wait  long for a table also. It is BYOB
4	Their best menu items: Split fried rice (any fried rice), Spring Rolls, Egg rolls, and their Thai Iced Tea . The pho is alright, but I think Vietnam's Pho in the Strip has a more flavorful broth. I would also recommend that you clarify what size dish you order because they automatically serve you the larger portion so they can charge you more.
4	Delicious.  Side benefit:  cheap.  We got the pork chop split rice and the pork sate pho.  Both were good.  Service is prompt and efficient. Cash only.
4	I stopped by here this past Wednesday evening for dinner with my fiance.   We have both been to Tram's before but it has been awhile since our last visit.  Whenever we walked into the restaurant we saw that not much has changed except for maybe the addition of a flat screen TV.  The restaurant itself is small and maybe has seating at tables for about 30 people and the decorations are a little sparse.  The easiest thing to see is that they have won a ton of awards which are hanging up on the back wall.  Beyond that it is still a hole in the wall divey type of place that is cash-only with excellent food.   Almost immediately after we sat down the owner asked us if we were ready to order.  At that point we were not ready.  The menu here isn't that big but it doesn't need to be since what they do make is very good.  About two minutes later the owner was back and ready to take our order.  This time we were ready.  My fiance and I decided to split some eggrolls and then for my entree I went with the beef vermicelli with conconut milk.The eggrolls came out at the same time as the meals and were so hot temperature wise that both my fiance and myself left them until after we had eaten our entrees.  My vermicelli ended up being really good with the sauce providing the perfect flavor to the dish.  I don't know how they do it but they do a great job of infusing a ton of flavors into it.  The noodles in it were also good and the beef was better than expected.  After I had finished my vermicelli I ended up grabbing my eggrolll which was still somehow hot.  While the flavor on it wasn't that great, what I really loved about it was the textures that it provided.  It was cooked perfectly and so the shell had a great crispy exterior while the interior with the vegetables had a softer texture.  Overall it was another solid meal at Tram's for me. The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here again in the future.   Whats not to like about a place where the food is not only cheap but also delicious?  Just be careful in that it is cash only and I know at one point they were BYOB although I am not sure if that is still the case.
5	This little Vietnamese restaurant is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. We always start our meal with the fresh spring rolls - we both order two each because we don't want to share. Their hoison dipping sauce recipe includes special peanut ingredients that make it unlike any other that other Vietnamese restaurants serve. For dinner, I always order number 17 with no noodles because I substitute extra vegetables. It's always perfect. It's always delicious. I can't find this particular dish at any other Vietnamese restaurant so I continually find myself ordering the same thing. The pho is also delicious but I often times will share half an order with somebody else so I can get my number 17 :-) The owner is a little abrupt but very friendly and you can bring your own bottle of just about anything and they will open it and serve it for you at no cost. You might be sitting next to a group of physicians, hipsters, corporate executives or students - they all flock here because the food is excellent and the price is always inexpensive.
4	Had a great meal here! The food was authentic, delicious and the older man who was our server was adorable!  I loved watching him joke around with the kids at another table who seemed shocked and intrigued by his heavy accent. My friend and I both ordered noodle dishes and were very pleased with our selection. I will definitely try this place again!
2	I came here awhile ago and ordered one of the rice-based dishes with chicken (can't remember exactly what it was, and there's no menu posted online for me to figure it out).  The dish was dry and lacked flavor.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong dish here, since the Pho seems to be what they're known for.  As it were, I wasn't impressed. I don't remember anything being off about the service, so it must have been fine.  If a dining partner specifically wanted to try Vietnamese, I'd come back and try the Pho, but otherwise, I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, given that there are many better dining options on Butler St.
5	I've gone to about five different Vietnamese restaurants in the Pittsburgh area, and Tram's kitchen tops them all. I am a vegetarian and love getting spring rolls and pho. I ordered both which were delicious, as well as coconut vermicelli noodles. The pho had just the right flavour with a generous helping of greens and tofu in the broth. The spring rolls were great, and I believe filled with tofu skin as well as greens and vermicelli noodles. You can also order the spring rolls individually ($1.95) which I think is a plus. The dipping sauce was great! We also had the vegetarian wontons as an appetizer. Everything was fresh and came out very quickly! The restaurant is cash only, but it's helpful that there is an ATM right inside their doors. I will definitely be going back!!!
5	The spring rolls are out of this world. The pho is good. We went for lunch and had no problem getting a seat. Cheap and delicious.
3	First time here, mid afternoon so I had the place to myself. Given the condition of most oriental restaurants this one was spot on...more on that later. Friendly staff, funky atmosphere and patina, good chow at dirt cheap prices. Since funky and offbeat doesn't normally have a negative effect on the food coming out of the back I don't ding them. However, my trained nose picked up the odor of roach crap. Not strong, but there and it didn't make me bolt. Smell test is one of my criteria and usually I get a phone call and walk out, but I obviously gutted it out and was happy with the outcome. Use your own judgement. As for me I will return for the authenticity.
4	This place never disappoints. The Pho is served on very large bowls (that is just the small).  The food has the same quality and taste and for some dishes even better taste than those trendy Vietnamese restaurants in NYC. The fresh veggie spring rolls are def the best way to kick off a meal. This is a small , family run place tucked away near children's hospital- but it is worth the trip.
5	This is hands down the best place to go for pho. A little bit on the sweeter side but it is an explosion of flavor with the onions, cilantro, lime, and basil. The beef pho is my favorite but recently tried the shrimp and that was also delicious. Another favorite of mine is the lemongrass tofu (there are two kinds, fried and steamed, steamed is my favorite) with rice and cabbage. The egg rolls and spring rolls are to die for! The best in pittsburgh! The chicken fried rice is also a must try. Simple yet delicious.
4	As soon as I feel my seasonal head cold coming on, I know where to go--it's Tram's! No better way to flush out the sinuses than with some spicy as h%*! soup. I usually go for the Mung Bean Noodle soup (with chicken) but there are several options. While the food is delicious, the ambience of Tram's isn't the best so I usually get mine to-go. This is actually even more fun in my opinion because when you get take-out, they package all the ingredients up separately (noodles, broth, bean sprouts, basil, limes, chili, sauces, etc) so you can mix how you like at home! Spicier the better for me!
2	I was born and raised eating Pho and this honestly was the blandest I've had. Then, to mask the bland no taste of the soup, it was smothered in black pepper. On top of that, my meatballs were quite dry, even in soup.However, their spring rolls were great!The service, was not the best. We were seated and then grunted at (literally) to take our order. From there, people who were seated after us, had their food before we did. They had a very similar order to ours. Then, when I did receive my food, the man hovered near me and then started pouring sauce onto my plate, telling me how to make my pho. I know how to make it! And even if I did need help, I was barely just given my bowl and getting my bean sprouts in first. Give me a second.I had high hopes based on the reviews, but unfortunately, I don't see myself coming back here again.
3	The locals know:  if you want Vietnamese food, EAT AT TRAMSThe locals also know:  sometimes the service is bizarre, like ridiculously bizarre, like the time my friend and I were seated at a huge table, and we were eating our entrees and a larger party came in and they made us move and were NOT nice about it, when they were the ones who sat us there.But the food is so good.  Its like I want to be mad, but their vegetable spring rolls and again, food is so good.This place is a hole in the wall, I would not recommend this as a first date unless your potential date was the one who suggested going to Trams.  Cash only.
3	Given the wide array of chinese, thai, vietnamese, etc. food throughout Pittsburgh, Tram's Kitchen falls somewhere in the middle.The wife and I decided to stop by before an Unblurred Friday on Penn Avenue.  At around 5:30-6pm on a Friday, the place was pretty slow, but that didn't last very long.  By 7pm there was a line of people waiting to get in (there isn't a waiting area, so it seemed most people just waited outside until a table would leave).We decided on spring rolls, pho and the highly regarded pork noodles.Spring rolls - these were the star of the show.  Plump, crisp and plenty of flavor.Pho - the broth itself was some of the best we've had in Pittsburgh, but the rest of the soup really didn't live up to the same standardPork noodles - not too bad...  the pork was great, but there was barely any of it on top of the noodles (maybe a better portion would have changed our thoughts)The owners seemed nice and a bit overworked due to the crowd.  Overall, we're definitely glad we tried it, but I can't see us going back.
5	Can't beat the food, price, and atmosphere. I'm a vegetarian and have a hard time finding good veg-friendly pho. Trams had me covered with a "pho-style" vegetarian soup, which smelled and tasted very similar to its beef counterpart. Another plus to the veggie pho was the incredible garlic taste added to it and the cloves floating in the bottom - yum!I can't believe how great the prices are here. It's cash only, but the day I was here the atm wasn't working and staff wasn't too empathetic or helpful for customers who had trouble with it. The staff was very helpful and knowledgable but serious and down-to-business, and not one of them ever acknowledged  a "thank you" from any customer during the entire time we were at the restaurant. Don't take it personally, it's part of the vibe here. Also, BYO.
5	One day along time ago I moved from Los Angeles where there is Pho as far as the eye could see to Pittsburgh where selection is very limited. I found this place yelp first day in pittsburgh and since then has completely redefined what Pho is suppose to taste like. I ate here easily twice a week, keeping it simple with pho and fresh spring rolls.This place gets a bad rap for having a hole in the wall vibe. Most of the best places have this look and feel! Open minded people who have a taste for more then just meat and potatoes will love this place.
5	I had the fresh spring rolls and the pho, both are great.Considering prices of all restaurants in Pitt, the prices here are very nice! For a large pho, it was $7-8. Spring rolls were $1.50 each.Things to note: cash onlyAlso, you can get the pho with beef, chicken, or meatballs. You get a nice portion, but the pho does not include tripe, tendon, flank, and other random meats you'd normally get with your pho elsewhere. Besides this, broth was excellent and portion/taste was great.
5	Tram's has the best egg rolls and spring rolls, hands down!  Their pho is perfect for cold weather.  I like the atmosphere also, feels like you're in someone's home almost.
5	The quality of the food here is fantastic, and I'm happy that's where they spend their money. I don't need Tram's to be impressive in its appearance because I realize it has been and always will be a family run restaurant. It's about the food, and the food here nails it every visit. I've read reviews commenting on the service, which there is some truth to the level of character presented in the service. Speaking of which, don't stare at Tram, I'm sure he's well aware of the fact that he's missing an arm. Does that get in the way of the delicious food? Not one bit. Don't think that he doesn't understand you either, don't be ignorant. I just heard a woman almost yelling at him. The food is great, just try something that sounds good to you. The decor will fade from your mind as you and your companion(s) get a taste of Vietnam in Pittsburgh. Try the fresh spring rolls, better than the egg rolls. I also recommend the vermicelli and coconut milk with shrimp. The pho, curry, and mung bean noodle soup are also wonderful. At the price point of Tram's you can eat here often and eventually try everything. Oh yeah. It's cash only. That makes me like it even more. No separate checks!
5	The food is really as good as it gets for Vietnamese cuisine. Their soups are very flavorful.
5	This is one of my first stops whenever I return to Pittsburgh.   I always gets the vegetarian spring rolls and a spicy, sate, vegetarian pho.   Wow.  So good.   The spring rolls travel well (for short periods of time) and are perfect for a picnic.  If you show up at a friend's door with a package of Tram's spring rolls, you will unquestionably make their day.   The pho is great for take out if you are feeling a little under the weather.   They will package it up for you with the ingredients nicely separated, so that nothing gets soggy in transit.   Tram's is cash only.   Enjoy.
5	Best Vietnamese in Pittsburgh. The quality of the food in amazing. The service is, as most places with delicious food, not incredible. I don't let that bother me, as the food is worth a drive. I love the chicken pho, and also the curry vermicelli. I enjoy a Vietnamese coffee on occasion, and have sampled most everything on the relatively small menu. Many plates of spring rolls and fresh rolls have passed through my lips, and as I type this I honestly don't know why I am not there right now. In fact, I tried to go there today, but unfortunately they're closed Mondays. Bring cash!
4	I love this place.  The vermicelli is amazing.  It is a cozy hole in the wall.  The food is so good.  And it's BYOB.
