5	I only go there to buy cigars for my dad. They always have the ones I want in stock. What else  can I ask for. The other places always seem to be hit or miss. Check it out. It seems to be a pretty nice place to kick back and smoke. Maybe I will take up smoking. :)
4	Cigarbox is a hidden gem. Whether you are a serious smoker or a beginner this place will be sure to please. My BFs bestie has been going here and took us along. It's one of those places that has buzz among the affectionados, but we've never been. They went in first while I watched our friends baby. After I went in with the BF so that I explore the humidor. Their humidor is large and neatly laid out. So many humidors are so cramped and clusterfucked and this one was just lovely, and roomy for a few people to go in and not have to scoot around each other. It was refreshing to see, and their sticks are managed right and the right amount of humidity (for me). A few places we go to, the sticks need to drybox for a moment and are too wet for that nights smoke. These were "ready" to be smoked and had no problems with keeping a even burn, easy draw. Prices and selection is fantastic, some items I haven't seen elsewhere. He was pretty friendly and full of knowledge so this is a good shop for a newbie to approach for some advice. I find it surprising how many places don't even have a running knowledge of their product, but since their buyer Jason only stocks what he would smoke, you get quality cigars with someone passionate to help guide you. You can smoke in here, there are plenty of couches and seats and a TV. It wasn't smoky in there when I first walked in, which was nice. While I do smoke, I don't want to sit in a dense cloud of poor ventilation in a crowded space. It's in a out of the way industrial area and serves sort've as their main office. They have 2 cigar shops on the strip (Empire at NYNY, Colosseum in Caesars) and have some sort of partnership with Casa Fuente according to our friend. This humidor and lounge kinda exist as a hidden refuge just to have it since their profit comes from tourism. It's only open normal office hours of 10 a.m. - 6 p.m. Monday- Friday. Will be coming back and perhaps smoke something here and chat up the staff. Very positive first experience and definitely recommend already. I'm excited to spend more time here. This is the type of place you want to build a repoire with.
5	An excellent cigar lounge just off the strip.  They have been in business longer than most of the other shops in Las Vegas and for many good reasons.  The people there are friendly and always helpful and they have a great selection of many of the higher end cigars that you don't see everywhere.  They also have a couple brands of their own that are great smokes with excellent prices.  It's a comfortable and easy going lounge, great for relaxing with one of your favorite cigars.
5	I almost don't want to write this review and be stingy with this special place, yet I want to also burst and tell someone "Hey, LISTEN!" We found our cigar home. This place is leaps and bounds above the rest and I can prove it. First, let me tell you the bad. Okay, it's in a industrial area between the strip and downtown. I don't care, but maybe some of you snoots do. This means cigarzens from areas not as lucky as us with stock can easily come here though. Second, is their hours are office hours. Mon- Fri, 10am - 6pm. This place really is their head offices that they decided, why not make a humidor and a place for people to hang out? Often I find places that don't "need" the business, but do it out of love do it best. They outfit several stores along the strip, have a co-ownership in Casa Fuente, own Rhumbar (also cigar friendly!), Tacos&Tequila, and soon will be opening more. So the humidor is pristine and one of the most meticulously cared for. I love the spacious layout, a few people can be in there and not have to maneuver around each other uncomfortably. Everything in it is lined up just so, not a stick out of place or damaged, no unattractive stacking of boxes and clutter everywhere as there is a secondary humidor for stock. Jason switches up the humidity based on the seasons and keeps it in the low to mid 60's which is the sweet spot really for longevity. The A/C system keeping the humidors going is its very own so nothing but clean air is getting in there. They have a advanced purification system for the water used which accounts for lack of a humid smell in there  but also so there isn't this "film" on items from using janky Vegas water to humidify. The blowers and system were picked for the way it could be maintained and control it from fluctuating. It kinda blew my mind to be explained the differences between systems and why they do it this way. I love when people go the extra mile for the better result. Here, it shows and it's a beautiful thing. Now the actual product.  I almost don't want to tell you what kind of rarities and gems pass through these doors so I won't name names, just that there can be some surprises.  If I find they keep running out of stock all of a sudden, I will find you and yell at you for being greedy. Please don't be hoarding 50 boxes of something super rare  just because you can bankroll it. Community respect, specially since I'm telling you a community secret. There is variety, but not ridiculous amounts - it's well curated. The kicker is the pricing. These are the best prices anywhere. I got a certain something something for cheap here that normally is jacked up due to it's rarity for under $20. I love the mentality here that just because it's rare doesn't mean it justifies being flipped for way above retail. The pricing is fair across the board, no matter what it is. The same cigar I saw at another store in town for $50.I think it's clear we are fans of the dude that runs it, Jason. He's humble and easy going, but talk to him long enough and it'll be clear there isn't a cigar you can really stump him on. There is comfy seating so do stay and smoke. Bring your own drink, snack, etc. since you might be here a while.. Jason will probably chat you up, but there are always people in here passionate about cigars hanging out. If you want to meet people who are deep in the hobby, this would be the place. A lot of important people in the hospitality industry come to sit at these chairs as well on their lunch break. Even though theres always cigars going, it never gets to be thick with smoke nor reek of tobacco smell as its very well ventilated. You can even catch sports games since they always have the TV on, with the volume kept low. We sat there and I was comfy as I enjoyed my stogie. Sure, it's a office building essentially so not the well oiled digs of a swank looking cigar lounge, but the company and comfy vibe cannot be beat. It feels like hanging out at home, if you made your office into a cigar den.I know we will be regulars, we absolutely love it here and will make this part of our day off ritual. Whether you want to smoke a cigar, but never have or a seasoned aficionado- this is a place that will please. Come find me, I'm sure we'll be here.
5	Nice lounge, big walk-in humidor. Excellent selection and knowledgeable staff. Prices are quite reasonable and they have the best brands at un-inflated prices too!
5	~~~****BEST PLACE IN VEGAS FOR CIGARS****~~~~~Huge selection!They are friendly, very knowledgeable, and can turn you on to everything new and old to the time tested best cigars.  Beginner or aficionado -  go see Jason and he'll take care of you!
5	If y'all don't know about this place yet, what the fuck?!?!  They are the best place in Vegas for cigars! Jason is great, knows his shit and has a great choice of top smokes!  And he takes care of us every time we come into Vegas from Elko!!!We have tried a lot of over places of the years, but the hospitality, the knowledge and the best service is right here at the cigar box!!!!  Thanks guys for all the great service and smokes!!!!
