4	This small room can be fun because of the energy spilling in from the hoppin Palms main floor, especially late at night.  You're right there next to the Lounge bar and there's always a lot to see.I would not play limit poker here.  There are two No Limit games, and the 1/3 is more exciting and varied, the one to play.  The 2/5 is a tight locals game to be avoided.I was playing here Thursday in the 1/3 NL and hit my first royal flush ever.  I flopped it with both my hole cards playing so I took down the $600 high hand jackpot as well as the pot (yes they have jackpots for quads, straight flush hands, etc here, a nice bonus).  One of the locals nearly had an epileptic seizure of jealousy.  Sorry Charlie!
2	Two small rooms that hold the poker tables. Often filled towards midday and past with little mini-tournaments, the atmosphere here is fun, albeit it can be filled with locals at times, and so going into one of those games can leave you a bit high and dry.They do have high hand bonuses, which is nice.
3	Staff is really helpful and friendly.  Cocktail waitresses come by pretty often.  The high hand bonuses are nice but you only really have a clean shot at those playing limit holdem.  Its also nice that the restroom is right there so you have a pretty good chance of not missing a hand.  I dislike the tables themselves with the marble area..I prefer felt all the way through.  I would also rate this room higher if I didn't run into set over set over 10x here.  Totally spooky, insane and weird.  I should pretty much open fold 77 or lower here :P
4	i really enjoyed playing here. the setup is pretty awesome, being next to all those HUGE screens at the sportsbook. it was convenient to watch my bracket get busted along with me pocket Js. :)the dealers were pretty cool. i played here 3 times and they were all chatty. there are definitely locals each time at the tables i played at. one even mentioned busting Michael Phelps. they were pretty cool, just staking out the fish. like me. maybe that's why they were cool. jk. no tourney set ups here, at least, according to the dude up front. the minimum cash game was $100/$1-$3 NL. i don't believe they had any other types of games playing when i was here. oh, and easy to get a chair even during MM/Spring Break. the seats were nice and comfy. the cocktail girls on the late night shift was slightly late with my drinks. no worries though. i made a little money here. good times and i'll be back.
5	Bobby Griffith and staff run a great room. The dealers/staff are top notch and I enjoy playing there!
4	The Poker Room is an open layout with views of the main casino floor and all the amazing screens and sports games from the sports book. Be careful though because if you find yourself watching a game and not focusing on the play you can get in trouble and lose your gauge on how the other players are playing. Good times.
1	Palms poker room has been closed. It was closed last week. No tables, nothing. The employee I talked to sounded surprised.I was somewhat surprised, but I guess the hotel is under a new general manager and they feel like they can make more money with a different product.
1	HELLO!!! Poker room is CLOSED!!!!!!!!! What crap.  Now I have to go to another casino.  Somebody update us so we don't come all the way here to go to another casino.
