5	I am not one who waxes anything, not even my eyebrows (ok those I get done every once in a while). I don't like waxing and I really don't like the pain (tried once and vowed never to do again). But after speaking to Leza I thought to myself why not try one more time and I did. I must say I was extremely impressed with her cleanliness and customer service. I had her wax more than I ever thought I would ever get waxed. She uses some type of wax that doesn't promote pain! I am definitely going back again and getting my eyebrows as well as other parts waxed more often. I rather wax than get razor burn any day! P.S. Her facials and eye lash tinting is amazing as well.
1	The "hairstylist" Paul is horrible at cutting men's hair. He butchered my husbands hair. The fade is uneven, looks ridiculous. Posted a photo of the fade, as a warning to potential customers of Paul. On the other hand, ARTURO SAUCEDO is a Master Hairstylist. Book him.
5	Never been the type to goto a Hair Salon and pay expensive prices for haircuts but I was in the area and needed a haircut for a date and a girl named Alyssa M cut and styled my hair and it was by far AWESOME!! I have no problem spending the extra 10 bucks and going to her for now on! So many complements all week on my hair really put a smile on my face! Thanks ALYSSA!!!
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas, and I have my baby shower this weekend so was looking for a place to get a nice manicure and pedicure. I came across Anna here at Envogue, and I couldn't be happier! Anna has her own private room with calming music and privacy. She is very personable and sweet. I did not feel rushed or like my time was unimportant. I enjoyed being able to talk with her and actually keep a conversation the whole time that I was there (I've never had a white lady do my nails, it's always been Asians!). When my toes were drying we were still continuing to talk and she did not rush me at all out of the chair. Since I'm pregnant, she was very interested in what was going on with me and gave me great stories and advice. It was nice sharing some time with someone new and being able to relax.  She did a beautiful job on my hands and toes. The massages were pleasant and the lotions smell great- not strong at all for my pregnancy senses. and the french manicure on both look great! My boyfriend has been wanting to get a real mani and pedi (I try my best LOL) so I think this is a great place to take men as well, especially if they are first timers because it is a private room, and she has no complaints about doing mens nailsI definitely will be back to see Anna and will refer people her way if I start networking out here in Las Vegas! thanks again Anna for a great experience!!
5	Im new to Las Vegas... I had extensions in before moving out here and my hair was damaged from removing the extensions. I was interested in a new look - had a few photos of ideas -went over them with SHARON H. and she totally hooked me up! We talked about her vision for my hair first and she had my complete trust. Went from blonde to dark brown and cut bangs!!! Ive got many complements since.... Just went back to her for highlights and absolutely love her work! Happy I found a stylist to go to regularly out here. Highly recommend Sharon H. You can tell she loves what she does!
5	Got the Groupon for Sharon Haehnel (cut, color, conditioning). Such an amazing deal. She worked around my schedule and was super easy to talk to! My hair looks awesome and feels SO much healthier and the color is exactly what I like. I'll definitely be back!!!
5	Sharon is amazing!!  I have been going to Sharon for over a year now, & my hair has never looked better!!  I've lived in Las Vegas for 5 years & could never find a hair stylist that I liked or that made my hair look good until I met Sharon.  My color is always gorgeous!!  Sharon takes the time to listen to you to find out what look you're going for, & she also takes the time to inform you on what she's doing and what would work best for your hair.  She is educated & talented & she is passionate about what she does.  I would highly recommend Sharon to anyone looking for a great hair stylist!!
5	Sharon at En Vogue is a wonderful stylist; knowledgeable, friendly & reliable.  The salon itself is relaxing, beautifully appointed & in a great location!  I would recommend this salon to ANYONE & EVERYONE!
5	Sharon at En Vogue is the best!  Not only is she knowledgeable about products, trends & such, but she is friendly and does AWESOME work.  The salon itself is relaxing & nicely appointed contributing to the whole salon experience.  FINALLY, I found a great hairdresser/salon in Las Vegas.  It only took 2 years to find them!  Highly recommend Sharon & En Vogue!!
1	I went to have my nails done by Anna.  The place itself is pretty big with little rooms that are rented and not necessarily associated with the Salon as a whole.  Her room was nice and fairly clean.  I had planned on getting a mani/pedi but had to cut it short to only mani because my plans had moved up and she came out about ten minutes late.  Anna was fine with that because I was her last client.  And looking at the spa water for a pedi, I was happy my plans moved up but since I did not get a pedi, I will not leave any reviews for that service.Just like the other review, she was sociable and talkative - a little bit too much.  Maybe it seemed too much because of the little amount of time she spent on my nails.  I asked for a gel french manicure.  She filed the face of my nails, left it pretty bumpy, and didn't file the top to even the length out.  I had a chipped nail on the side of my thumb that she didn't even touch. So basically, what my french mani consisted of: uneven nails, uneven lines, paint on the skin underneath my nails, and bumpy coats of paint due to incomplete filing all within about 15  minutes.  You might not be able to carry on a conversation with some of the Asian people that do nails but they know what they're doing.  I'm sure Anna is a nice person, but I'm paying for my nails to be done fully, not half-a**ed, to carry on a conversation or be rushed.  I paid and left a tip, but I will never go back or recommend this place to anyone.
5	I follwed my Shannon to this salon. I've never had such an honest, skilled, fun, talented hair stylist. Shannon is easy to get a hold of regardless time of day and schedules your appointments around you. I will never have another stylist do my hair again! Thanks girl!
5	Love going to EnVogue. Fran is a fantastic stylist, and I would recommend her to anyone. She gave me exactly what I was searching for. Also Ana is a fantastic nail tech. She is friendly, quick, and my gel mani lasted 3 weeks! I also received a facial from Leza.  Her facials are the best. She extracted all the blackheads on my nose!  Do yourself a favor and go here now!!!
5	I got a Groupon after arriving in Las Vegas last week from Seattle. Paul Hein is a shy personality, very rare in the Beauty Business. My Mom and Ex wife were both very demanding Beautician/Cosmotoligists. After speaking with Paul about what I desired,  he came through with a great hair style and cutting experience for me. I had gone over a year since my last haircut. If I lived here in Las Vegas I would make Paul my go to hair professional.  I am demanding in the services and products we spend our limited retirement dollars on. Give Paul a chance to please you and your family. Don't forget that Communication is always the most important part in any relationship, so tell him your desires and needs. This Salon and faculty members are well above the rest of the competitors.  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year fellow Yelpers. The Good Groupon available makes it even better!
5	Just got my hair done by Sharon today.   I found my new life long hair stylist.   She was amazing.   Took her time and was precise about the highlights.  I'm beyond picky about the color of my hair and I'm in love.  I hate hate hate all red, and of course my hair pulls tons of it but she managed to do fantastic in getting zero red!  I had a crazy cut from a different woman a few months back and she fixed it and made it look wonderful.  If you are looking for a new Hair stylist and want your highlights to look natural and amazing go to her!   My hair looks natural and sun kissed but not bleached out.  Just natural and beautiful. I've never written a review ever before but I'm so happy with my hair I had to!  Just can't say enough wonderful things!  I will follow Sharon where ever she goes!
5	I bought the Groupon for Sharon Haehnel for the cut, conditioning and full highlights and found her to be a superb stylist and colorist! She was very accommodating with my schedule, fun to talk with, quick and experienced.  She corrected an outdated "mullet" cut from my previous hair stylist and brought my style up to date.  The caramel highlights were gorgeous and so natural looking! Also, my hair never felt healthier with her magic touch! She's amazing and personable and I can't wait until my next appointment with her!  You'll love her expertise and confidence when working on your hair!  She comes very highly recommended!!
1	Professionalism is very important in the business.  I will be a loyal costumer if I received great service. I bought a groupon for Sharon Haehnel at Envouge Salon. First I called any times and couldn't get any return calls. I finally did get an appointment with her. She confirmed the night before the appointment. When I arrived 5 mins before my appointment SHARON HAEHNEL is not even there yet. 15 mins had past and no call and still no show. The receptionist called and left her a voicemail and she never call back either. I waited 30 mins for this person to arrived but it's a no call no show. Who does that? Very unprofessional. I was very upset and will never book appointment to this salon or this person. Remember the name Sharon Haehnel. Don't book appointment with her because she will not show up. Receptionist is kind enough to offer me another stylist but I was so mad so I don't want to deal with them anymore.
5	I LOVE Envogue Salon!! My hair stylist there is Michelle S.  She completely transformed my dry severely damaged hair.  I wish I had found Michelle S. sooner, 23 years with my former stylist was such a waste compared to her work.  Even though I live in Southern California, I still drive to Vegas every two months to get my hair done here.  Michelle S. works with all colors and styles.  She also does some amazing extensions.  Also the owners are super sweet and very helpful when it comes to front of the salon merchandise!
4	First time here my daughter is getting a new hair do Her Hair looks fantastic and Michelle did a great job.  Only paid 20 bucks on groupon.  Check out this stylist if you need a great hair cut.
5	This was my first time at this Salon. My husband and I recently moved to Las Vegas. After doing much research on trying to find the right salon this was my choice. I was promptly greeted when I arrived by Melissa. My hair stylist Melanie was fabulous. I found a perfect fit with this salon and plan on never leaving. Thank you for making my experience a 5 star and more.
5	I get my toes and nails done by Heather. Her pedicure includes a wonderful leg and foot massage. What I most appreciate is that my polished toes last a good 6 weeks before I need to call her again for another one. She works Wednesday through Saturday and will accept walk-ins (if she's not booked). I like this salon environment.
5	Francis is awesome! She always gets me in and fixes my self trims. L Her hair color doesn't fade, and I always love the cut. She had to repair a job recently and always does it with a smile. She always offers me the Groupon price I came in for originally, too. Less than half if what some salons charge! The salon is nice and clean, and offers many services. Nails, hair, etc. Call Francis, and book today!
5	I had Michele V as my stylist and could not have been happier!  One of the best haircuts I have ever had.  My hair went from looking sad and lifeless to short and looks like I have volume.  And, she was fast.  Highly recommend.
