3	It's a chain BYOB Greek restaurant. Is it authentic? It's as authentically Greek as Yoplait Greek Yogurt. It's okay if you are in the neighbourhood and your friends think that Greek food is exotic. And seriously folks, why is there Italian food on the menu?
4	very comfortable and warming setting.. The food is good and very big portions so that you can have leftovers the next day for your lunch... I recommand the shrimps
2	We were looking to grab dinner and one of my guests remembered this place favorably from her youth. We ordered there 11$ special. 1 chicken brochette, 1 cheese cannelloni  and 1 calamari dinner. Brochette was ok but a bit tasteless, cheese cannelloni was meh and the calamari was passable. The rice was awful. Can't recommend it.
1	This was by far the worst Greek restaurant I've ever been too. To begin with, our server was rude, patronizing, and lazy. He didn't bring us anything to drink until we flagged him down and asked him for water. Then after we ordered our meal, Calamari, Steak and Chicken with a coffee, it didn't come! I waited an hour and a half for a damn coffee and my meal. You may think I should have simply flagged the man down again? I would have if that pretty boy with the greasy goatee had even showed up to see his tables, but nooooo, that would have been doing his job. Eventually I gave up on that moron and got the other servers attention. He brought our food, my coffee, and  it only took him 1 minute. Which tells you right there that the food had been under a heat lamp for awhile and our previous server was as I mentioned before, a bloody moron. The food was mediocre at best and I have no idea what the hell they did to the Calamari. Last time I checked it should be battered. It looked, smelled, and tasted like chunks of rubber.  So finally, two hours later. After dealing with this unpleasant individual. He has to gall to ask me how much I want to tip, 10, 15 or 20 percent. I took the damn machine from him and tipped him what he deserved........$1.50. NEVER AGAIN!!
