5	Since my days of visiting HQ when it was on Farmer I've had a great experience here. I've purchased merchandise from the conventional glassware (excellent quality and great price) to more obscure Marilyn Monroe screen print wall piece (it was a gift...).The staff has always been extremely knowledgeable and helpful.It doesn't get any better, my recommendation everytime for anyone in need of a head shop in Tempe...
4	From time to time I find myself wandering into Headquarters after placing an order at El Pollo Supremo. They've got a great selection of smoking accoutrement, hookah stuff (their shisha's supposedly really good), and lots of fun merch. Since I'm no longer pursuing an undergraduate degree in anthropology, I really don't have any reason to frequent a headshop. (Minds out of the gutter, it was ethnographic research...honest.) But it's a fun way to pass the time if you find yourself in this plaza with an extra couple of minutes.There's always some kind of deal going on with the non-smoke merchandise. Buy one get one posters/sunglasses/shirts/etc. The same thing can be said for the pipes and such but I've failed to take notice of what exactly they were. If nothing else, you should stop by just to see some of the showpieces they have on display. Some of them are so intricate that I have a really hard time believing they're blown glass!Most of their merchandise is a bit classier than the Rastachouli garbage you'll pay out the nose for at the smokeshops on Mill. No fantasy land dragon-shaped ashtrays and forty dollar tie dyed tees. (Although there will always be the requisite Marley merchandise!) I've bought a pair of nice sunglasses here for dirt cheap in the past and some of their apparel is pretty reasonably priced.Compared to the competition up Mill, this place has a really good vibe going. Trails and Hippie Gypsy often reek so hard of nag champa and corporate shame that it's hard to stomach them, even at passing whiff. This place is really bright and colorful, managing to steer clear of the burnout/aging hippie vibe. Way classier than the liquor-porn-a-crack-pipe palooza that is DJ's and other smaller dingy shops. The staff is really helpful as well, managing to be present and ready without being overly intrusive and dead set on the sell. So if you're checking out Eastside Records or waiting for your chicken order next door, swing by Headquarters. You might be presently surprised.
5	overall, all I ever want in a smoke shop. They sell starbuzz shisha for hookah (one of my favorites), great quality blown glass, great customer service and the guy who runs it always seems a little gone if you know what i mean. haha. Love the store. Best smoke shop in tempe, even better than trails.oh, and better prices too. Starbuzz (on the internet) normally costs 16-20 dollars plus shipping for 250g's. They sell it for 16 dollars for 250.
5	These guys/gals are really cool. No sales hungry commissioned jerks trying to persuade you to buy something you don't want. They've got some nice glass pieces here that are affordable. The cool thing is that the staff will bargain with you on pricing & throw in some freebies too. In regards to glass, I purchased a burly glass piece & a smaller travel piece...the guy working knocked off $11.00 from the total price, & gave me a free plush pipe bag.
5	I love the HQ! I come here weekly to fulfill my tobacco addiction, the monkey on my back not being satisfied with anything less than American Spirits sold at premium prices, seriously cheapest i have found them in the valley is here $7 something i believe.Whats more is they have a great selection of parphenalia, from glass works to old school stuff all priced at premium rates. The posters and stickers here are really cool as well and cheaper than zia or hippie gypsie. Pretty sure you can buy concert tix here too! The staff is knowledgeable, friendly and talkative. I had a friend that moved to Portland and she had this bunny that she couldnt take with her, well she was complaining about said rabbit (bun bun i think his name was) and a pretty little chica who worked there overheard this and well, long story short Bun Bun found a home! Not saying take your unwanted pets here; just that that is the kind of people who work here, really nice folks who hook it up.
5	Great store - lot of "hippie" things to chose from and good selection of cigars / tobacco.  Very clean and friendly staff
5	not just for stoners.I have gotten ALL my posters here. their all very original and exactly what I wanted. the T-shirts I bought their have lastedd though frequent wear for years. my family and I have shoped here for 20 years and Ted has always been good to us.
4	Headquarters Smokeshop has a great location and an amazing selection. The staff is very helpful. I'm a big fan of this place.
5	Having just been gifted a new e-cig (a nice eGo-T) I decided that I would buy some samples of e-juice to further enjoy this new device. After browsing online for some time, I made the decision to look at local vendors, and after calling a few places, settled on making a trip to HQ.I approach visits like this with as open a mind as possible. From new places to eat to just finding a "new" neighborhood, I enjoy going out of my way for simply the sake of doing so. I can't say I frequent head shops at all, but the woman I spoke with on the phone answered a few of my questions, and then I was off!From the time I walked in the door until a half-hour later when I left, the staff was beyond helpful. When one employee admitted he didn't know that much about e-cigs, he still went above and beyond in going over their selection and letting me know that anything they didn't have, they would get! When other customers came in, I saw the same positive attitude and genuine care given. I was so impressed that I felt I had to let it be known that HQ is above and beyond the pack on almost every metric I can think of!The entire experience was overwhelmingly positive, their candor and willingness to knock a few bucks off my order was even more surprising, and I walked away knowing that I will definitely continue to bring my business back!
1	Avoid this place... seriously.  I took my bong in for a pretty simple repair and what I got back was a Frankenstiened bong.  They sent my German Roor 3 footer to Blue Dot and what i got back was a butchered bong.  They cut my bong off at the ice catcher and reattached a wobbly based piece of crap! It went from being one of the Original Roors from Germany to a half american piece of crap that wont sit still.  When i first got it back i contacted Son at the shop and he said that Blue Dot was doing shows for Hemp Con and asked if i could wait a month to get it repaired properly, I agreed to wait and when i called back several times i was told they would no longer fix it and they offered me some crappy bong cleaner... really?!?!?!?! you took my great bong and turned it into a 3 foot piece of crap! Thanks you for F'ing up my bong you bunch of douches! Ted your a piece of crap for F@cking up my piece and hiding behind your disclaimer.  FU and your sh!tty shop! Your business ethics suck and you sell Fake crap in your shop and over charge for it.  Watch out for those crappy lil Roors they sell there they arent real, they just put stickers on em and flip a 8 dollar bong for 70+, I was told this by Son when i was looking at the smaller bongs in the shop.  I hope your shop goes out of business so nobody else gets screwed over like i was.  Shop around or order online there prices and service are pure garbage.
2	I'm not a fan of the staff. As soon as you walk in the door and look at anything someone is literally in your face. It's excessive. I understand, it's your job to make a sale, but give me some room to breathe. I'd feel a lot more comfortable, browsing and enjoying myself with my companion, if there wasn't a pushy sales person in my space... giving me a million answers, to questions that I did not ask. I spend more time in shops where the person doesn't have that overwhelming presence and annoying tendency to follow you around. I prefer to leisurely look, make a few selections and call someone over when I have questions, or need something.
1	After selling me fake pee that didn't work,  I didn't come here for over a year. Heard about a vape they had, decided to buy it. Girl working there shut the door in my face, "we're closed". Ted, I'll take my business to Skyhigh.
2	The 40$ for 25$ is a great deal!
4	The yelp deal along with the great vast selection makes this place a great choice for all your smoking needs. And then some.
5	Super nice staff... Jenna is a babe. Large selection of anything you'd want from a smokeshop.
5	Always friendly and fun. I really enjoy going to this place.
5	Based on the spectacular customer service I received at Headquarters, all retailers immediately should stop drug testing. I surprised my girlfriend by taking her to Headquarters to pick out new glass for her birthday. The staff were super helpful and enthusiastic about helping her choose, and they informed us of every discount available. Since then, I've seen a few of the staffers around town, and they remember my face and always say hello. Headquarters makes me wish I were a smoker. It's just that terrific an environment.
1	The SharpStone grinders are cheap knockoff replicas.Bought grinder, went home, went online, went back to the store, store acknowledges they sell knockoffs. Buyer beware.
1	They keep deleting my negative review that the SharpStone grinders they have are knockoffs and they only acknowledge this if you inquire directly if they are knockoffs.  They sell them as if they are true SharpStone grinders.
5	Jennifer was super helpful when I was looking to upgrade my V2 Ecig. She even showed me how to fill it. Love this place! They have plastic attachment that allow you to test the right Ecig for you. I highly reccomend it!
5	I recently put the ciggs down and went vapor and HQ helped me make the transition super easy. They were beyond helpful and answered all of my 50,000 questions and showed me how to work everything. I have had zero problems with my equipment and i couldn't be happier. After 3 weeks my lover decided to quit smoking as well and i took him right to HQ and got him started as well on a starter pack. We both used the Yelp offer HQ offers. $40 for only $25.Great deal, great shop, great people
5	Huge selection. I came in from out if town and was very impressed with the selection & prices were very reasonable. They had Halo juice..yay!  The staff was super friendly and knowledgable . I would definitely come back next time I am in town.
5	Great service... Much help when I asked questions.
4	One of the best selections out there, and a very personable staff.  Not to mention the great Yelp deal I got.  There is a reason they are one of the few places still around from when I moved here over a decade ago.
4	Cool place. The staff was nice and helped me out on whatever I needed when I was trying to make my first vape purchase.
5	Learning about the fairly new world of vaping has at times made my head hurt. I've gone to several smoke/vape shops in the area that have  made it all even worse. I've been given incorrect information, been sold faulty equipment, been taken advantage of because I'm a noob.By leaps and bounds, HQ has separated themselves from the rest of the bunch. Mark helped me get setup with what I needed without pressure or attitude. He took the time to explain the benefits of certain  equipment choices over others for my level of vaping while making me feel comfortable, not dumb for asking a bunch of questions. They've got an impressive selection of equipment and juice, and the prices are very reasonable. HQ is a breath of fresh, yummy, vaped air. Stop by if you haven't already.
2	I came here for replacement coils on my Aspire et-s bdc. The price was double that on the internet, but i decided to support local business. When i opened them i discovered that although they came in an Aspire box they weren't stamped with the brand. I feel a little ripped off. I'll suck it up, and when they're toast i'm buying authentics online at half the price from MBV.
3	Its a good shop in the sense that they carry a variety of smoking tools and accessories.  However, there are some factors that led me to deduct two stars: the staff didn't seem to eager to help customers, and their glass products are on the more expensive than similar places.
1	They sell defective merchandise and wont even exchange it (and no I didnt use it before I tried to exchange it)
5	Great company
