1	I stopped in for lunch to check out this new pizza place. Mark Rich's NY Pizza and Pasta used to be here. I recognized the girl at the register when I walked in, so I asked her if they just changed the name, but she said that Mark Rich's recipes transferred over when the new owners bought the business in this location. Mark Rich's NY Pizza and Pasta still currently operates another location, using the same recipes and ingredients, but has nothing at all to do with Giani's NY Pizza and Pasta.I ordered the lunch special for $5.95 which was 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink. The pizza slices were a good size. I didn't care for the pizza though. They might be using the same recipe the previous owner used, but it doesn't mean it comes out the same and it just didn't for me. The pizza was somewhat burnt and had a stale taste to it like maybe it was from the day before. This is a real disappointment for me because I regularly shop in the shopping center Giani's is in and enjoyed stopping for pizza. Good thing "Above the Crust" is just around the corner though on Ann Rd so there still is a solid pizza joint in the neighborhood I can go to.
1	Terrible pizza. If I tossed it at the wall it just might have shattered it was so hard and stale. I asked the girl who helped me what happened to the pizza place that was here before and she rolled her eyes and said that they sold the business along with the recipes to them and even though it's new owners and a new name the pizza would taste the same. She made me feel like I was bothering her and came off very rude. I do feel the price at around $6 is fair for 2 slices of pizza and a drink but it needs to be edible. I couldn't make it through just 1 of the slices because it was so tough on my gums to eat. Maybe they should try some of their own recipes if they have any. With other solid pie joints nearby I'll pass on this place in the future.
4	We have eaten here a few times. The dinner options are great and the garlic knots are awesome. We have had issues with wait times, but honestly, its no worse than any other place. The food is good and if the service is on time, it's worth the wait.
4	My boyfriend and I were looking for dinner in this area and on a whim chose Giani's. Ordered a pitcher of Sam Adams (the only beer on tap) a side of fries, and a large anchovies mushrooms artichoke and garlic pizza. The beer was a decent deal at $12. Fries were great! I'm sure the topping choice had something to do with it but the pizza was great too. It is NY style crust, thin and foldable. Wait time was fine, service was nice. I would bring my friends here.
2	This place was great when it was called Mark Rich's NY Pizza.  The new place has gone way downhill.  I used to love their pizza, but now it's way below average.  I used to drive miles out of my way to eat here, but no more.  It's just not the same.  The staff changed and I guess they changed cooks.
