3	This place is never all that busy which is good if you want to come in and shop. The staff wasn't the friendliest in the world. They said "hi" when we walked in, but were more involved in finishing their price change then caring if we were finding what we were looking for. It doesn't matter though because its largely a self service store and the prices and selection are pretty good. (thats why its 3 not 2 stars)
1	Bought some 30 dollar sandals, turned my feet orange. Tried to return them without receipt. I understand that people may try to scam them but i had bank statement with purchase from their establishment. Staff was rude and took too much time to debate whether to refund or give store credit. Finally recieved store credit and will give gift card to first homelless person i meet. 30 bucks is not a ton of money to me but they just lost another customer. I wouldnt have returned them if they were just uncomfortable, it looked like i put fake tan oil on my feet.
1	Ugh.I have been to this location of Famous Footwear several times out of boredom.  First of all, I have NEVER been greeted.  When I try to find someone to ask a question, it's like I'm asking for an organ donation.  It's a QUESTION.  Just answer it and smile.  Not that hard.Oh, and this last time, the two sales associates (two females) were standing at the register, discussing how they hate their job.  How rude.  I would just like to know... what is it exactly that you DO again?  They don't have customers, the store isn't ever busy, and the shelves aren't very well-stocked.  I'm sorry you hate your job.  I would be more understanding if I could see you actually DO something instead of just stand around.  I would LOVE to get paid to stand around!Also, I have to say, I'm not a big fan of the selection at this Famous Footwear (or really, any Famous Footwear).  There are a lot of orthopedic-looking shoes, and then a bunch of cheap-looking shoes that look like you might only get a few wears out of them.I'd much rather end up at DSW or a department store for shoes.  This place sucks.
5	Great friendly service and clean store 3rd trip back to purchase my shoes. Thx. Mgmt. Has a good team.
