2	It can be good, it can be bad. Never attempt to order food for delivery from here. It will take well over an hour and be ice cold and mushy. There is much better drunk food. There is much better sober food. Chipotle is better than this Qdoba
4	For fast food burritoes, I DEFINITELY choose Qdoba over Chipotle.  Eww Chipotle.  Gross Chipotle.  I won't even go for the free burrito day at Chipotle.  But anyway, back to Qdoba.  They have some good burritoes.. my sister loved any of the ones with their queso sauce, and I have to say I used to love their Chicken Mole burrito (not authentic, but still so good that it didn't matter), but I don't think they have them anymore?  I tried a bbq sauce one that seemed like it was close to that flavor, and it wasn't bad, but it wasn't no mole, if you get my meaning.  Wink wink, nudge nudge.. yeah, I don't know why that requires a wink wink, nudge nudge.
2	Meh. If I have to choose between Chipotle and Qdoba, I would choose the former. Both places have ample seating area but when it comes to the taste, Chipotle is far more superior. Do yourself a favor and get something better.
2	I'm sorry, but if you choose Qdoba over Chipotle, then sit down, son - we need to have a talk.
2	If you're coming in here for a burrito, you're better off walking that extra block and getting one at Chipotle.
1	Horrible food, only slightly more Mexican than Taco Bell. Also pretty much identical to Chipotle, which might be slightly better. Their meat is dry, burritos are flavorless, and the salsa doesn't help in either category. Not worth the price. Also the lines at lunchtime can be ridiculous, which is sad.
3	While I love Qdoba for its tasty and inspired food, this location isn't exactly my favorite. It's more expensive than Taco Bell and similar price to Chipotle. In other locations around the state, the food is a bit above other chains but this spot seems to be a bit inconsistent, loud, and cramped.
2	Seeing how little went into my quesadilla, I'm not comfortable with paying over $7. At least use a mixed cheese blend!  And seeing how little effort went into making my quesadilla, I am really not impressed (you would think a labor charge is rolled into the price of food.)Maybe what distinguishes Qdoba are the burritos with their special combos, but I am nonplussed to try them again. Oh well.
2	I used to go here frequently, but I got sick of being charged for every extra thing (peppers, sour cream, etc).  In the end Chipotle ends up being higher quality AND cheaper if you get the extras.  On top of that, their hours are all over the place.  Chipotle is open more frequently.The only reason to go here now is the Queso burrito, but the downsides outweigh the good.  It's worth waiting in line at Chipotle.
2	Chipotle had a line out the door because it's good, but I was in a hurry, so I had to settle on this place. Never any lines to worry about here!Horrible.The place smelled like a three inch road trip inside the lower colon of sick deer.Every employee with whom I spoke had apparently awoken on the wrong side of the bed. Not a smile to be found. And my lettuce was rotten, wilted and brown. That is inexcusable in a restaurant, and surprising to encounter at a national franchise. Who's in charge here? Makes me wonder whether the meat is beyond its expiration date too.Stick with the guys whose door is propped open with customers waiting to get in. An empty restaurant like Qdoba speaks for itself.
1	I'll post my actual review before I share the background story so those who are not interested can move on. Basically, the food is as mediocre as any other fast food Mexican grill, but the service is far worse!The first and only time I set foot in this establishment was a brisk, fall afternoon as a freshman at the University of Illinois. My order was simple - all I wanted was burrito, without the meat. As the server relays my order to the other employees, he makes a quip in Spanish about how difficult we vegetarian customers are, not knowing that I also speak Spanish. I ignored his rude comment and went about my merry way, but I have never returned to this day. I can only imagine what might happen if I did...
