4	This store for me is like an old friend.  When my favorite Bashas closed at 16th st. and Bethany Home (Boo Hiss), most of the employees that I had come to know and appreciate came to this store.  It's these people that really make this probably one of my favorite two stores to go for groceries.  They have a core group of employees that take the time to know their customers.  If there is a problem, they take the time to see that it gets corrected on a more personal basis.  How many places does that happen anywhere?The store itself not the biggest or newest Bashas, but it is right for me.  It's big enough to have more variety than I need and is laid out in a way that make sense.  I think a lot of other people must feel the same because I often see many of the same people shopping their regularly. This store has a small but well tended produce section. Ion, who has been handles the produce for this store, really stays on top of this area.  If I have any questions about the produce, he is right there to provide any information I need and always is in a pleasant mood.  With some of the questions I've asked this guy over the years, I admire that he doesn't run when he sees me. Yesterday, I went to buy some apples just to eat.  When I said I wanted a kind that are soft to bight into he gave me a rundown on which were the best for that plus which would be sweet or tart as well, something I wouldn't have thought about. The other plus is the parking lot.  It's laid out in a really convenient way.  The spaces go straight out from the store.  Being not to big, it's simple to find your car. I find it disconcerting to wonder if my frozen things are going to be half thawed just trying to find where I parked.  In Phoenix during the summer, it does make a difference!.
2	It gets the second star for "Hormel Turkey Pepperoni".....yes, the second star is because they happen to carry a product I can't live without....and no one else seems to carry. The "security guard" is missing teeth and was doubtfully screened for background. The place kinda smells like poo.Everything is within about 4 days of it's pull date.They don't understand the importance of green bananas (or produce that isn't in the beginning stages of rot)That said, I shop at Safeway...... I hit Basha's for pepperoni.That's all folks
1	Don't Expect customer service at the deli, or good food!!! The old man at the deli had the worst customer service ever!!  I tried ordering a "make your own" sandwich. I started with "i'd like it on a wrap" He snapped back at me "We don't have those anymore!" "okay, i'll take bread. And i wanna make it a cheese and veggie with cucumber, tomatoes...." He then cuts me off and says "uhh, well i'm gonna have to Cut All That...."  "you can't cut veggies back here? isn't that you f' ing job?so i just left.
4	They are finally giving this store the clean up that it needs.  I have always felt like this store kind of stood out like a poor relation compared to other Bashas that I have been in.  I am looking forward to what it will be like when they are done.The store has some good things already going for it.  The layout is such that that you cam go in and find thins easily.  The parking lot is easy to get in and get out of-not like the nightmare on 16th and Glendale.  What is even better is the staff..  Pat, one of the managers, has been there long enough to be able to handle most situations gracefully.  Ion, in the produce dept, remains a man who really knows his dept!.  Tonight, Shawna was as helpful as always.  I really appreciate it.  I think the remodeling will be good for the overall attitude of the store.  Who wouldn't feel better if their surroundings improve?
4	I've been shopping here since it was an IGA  and I love this Bashas'. The remodel has made the store much nicer and they're now bringing the outside of the store in line with the rest of the plaza. They've added more beer to their beer selection and started carrying some AJ's branded products as well.Customer service here is great. Adrian is a great cashier, the whole meat department staff is friendly and will go out of their way to cut you something or see if they have a specific cut and for the most part the rest of the employees are friendly and knowledgable about not only what they carry but sometimes what another store is carrying that they're not.People will bag on Bashas' about prices but they've really come a long way since their restructuring and since this store is now updated I'd say it's probably a better bet than most other grocery stores in central / north central Phoenix.
3	I am now shopping at Basha's in an effort to market at an Arizona business. I was happy to see that they have made some upgrades to this location. The first time I shopped here the market was antiquated and not the cleanest looking place. Not the case this time. It was a pleasant shopping experience and it makes me happy to shop locally.
3	You know what I like best about this place?I love going to places where I am the youngest customer by a considerable margin.And I'm old enough to have spent the first half of my years so far using phones that were attached to walls and stuff. You know, the ones where you had to turn this twisty thing to make a call and you didn't know who was calling you before you answered?Anyway, the older generation seems to like good deals on veggies and other produce, because they usually have them here. Sometimes you can get in and out without being overcome by the feeling that the zombie apocalypse is upon us, and they are all on walkers.In more-or-less typical Basha's practice, some of the items are weirdly overpriced. Stick with the loss-leaders and you might make out ok.Oh, and also: The parking spaces are nice and wide. Wide enough to fully swing open the door of your Buick Park Avenue.
4	Good variety of foods and goods. It looks sketchy and kinda is in not such a safe place but if you have an emergency grocery shopping need this place isn't that bad and you get used to it also.
4	I am here ALL THE TIME. The employees are almost like friends, I see them so much. Ron in the produce department is great! I was just in this week (usually there about 3-4 times a week) and he picked out a watermelon for me and told me about the great deal on grapes and which ones were the sweetest.I like to go to Basha's as they have quite a bit of Arizona grown produce. And their store eggs are Hickman eggs so again, they are all local. Why not give my money to as many local folk as possible to keep them in jobs?At the holidays, its all hands on deck. I have been there when even district managers are on the floor helping customers find products. Very often, if needed, the managers are at the cash register if needed too.They have Boar's Head lunch meat which is the only kind I can eat so I am thrilled with that too.I try to avoid the national chains (Fry's, Safeway, Wal-Mart, and Albertsons) as much as I can. These people are local and the Basha's stores do a lot for our community.
