5	These guys are a mobile taco truck.  some of the best  taco's I've eaten, both vegetarian and meat. Visit their website. Woohoo! As good as it gets!Un des meilleure taco. Je suggere d'essayer
2	having heard so much about these folks, and being from california, where i eat tacos almost every day, i passed by the pop-up on bernard last night. we tried the lamb tacos and vegetarian tacos, each order of 2 tacos was like $7-8.  overall, not very impressed.  the lamb was tough, overcooked, and under-seasoned with a questionable flavor combination, even if they were going for a lebanese-style shwerma or turkish-style doner.  the vegetarian tacos reminded me of vancouver somehow or berkeley: staid, with a deep, longing glance at the 1970s.  overall, the quality of the ingredients seemed about what one would expect in montreal during the winter, though the (very large) tortilla itself was gritty and factory-made, it tasted like ours taste when they're 2-3 days old.  there was also a banh mi taco (which the server managed somehow to mispronounce! and which, by description, seemed to go the banh mi xiu mai route, which i don't mind at all), and an octopus taco at an eye-popping $12, the price ruling it out on principle.now, these guys are shooting for the sf/la-style nouveau taco, and they seem to be doing it earnestly.  but aside from the fact that i just felt like i was eating the product of a mediocre cook, the tortillas bummed me out, the cost to quality struck me as a bit unfavorable, and overall, the whole thing just seems to be trading on the novelty rather than any great passion or skill.  that said, they're sure to improve.
5	Love the Vietnamese Pork taco (Banh Min?)
5	Well I have to say that I probably still have the taste of the lamb taco in my mouth after 2 months of eating them....yes them!! We ordered 2 round of lamb, it was too good! Can't believe that someone could say that it was under seasoned when mine were so perfectly seasoned and cooked!Loved the veggie one but the lamb was my "coup de coeur"!I think that this is a bright idea and I am glad to find tacos in Mtl with flavors!!Can't wait to go for more!PS My friend who was with me that nite keeps reminding that we need to go back when I am back in town! Apparently, I was not the only one who loved them!
4	I've had their tacos at Puce Pop back in March and although have only tried their vegetarian one, it's super flavour-filled and delicious! If you're going for "authentic" tacos, these are definitely fusion but I don't think you could/should be unimpressed! I got news the other day that they will be some from their HQ on Sunday (the 19th) at 2pm in St-Henri and if you haven't had one, it's definitely worth trying out! Oh and I think it's cash only!
3	Grumman78 has acquired something of a cult status in Montreal: when this truck pops up, Montrealers flock. I tried a taco for the second time at Juste Pour Nourrire, a street foodie off-shoot of the Just For Laughs festival. Everyone was there for the tacos, it seemed; it was the only stand that had a line up. This taco truck, it's got buzz. And a line it was: we waited for a long time;  the food was doled out very slowly as the people in line texted and tweeted on their phones in anticipation. While we were waiting in line, a girl leaned out of the taco truck to erase "suckling pig" from the chalkboard menu. They seem to make one unusual taco variety at a time, at least this particular festival. Some people gave up and forfeited their place in line in favor of easier-to-acquire food.But I persevered, and was rewarded with a taco of the new flavour:  chorizo, black beans, and ranch salad. Very tasty, a great combination of flavours and textures, satisfying and filling. But I'm not sure it was worth 25 minutes in line.I would definitely try the tacos again, preferably in a non-festival, less crowded moment. They supposedly show up at Nouveau Palais (281 Bernard Ouest) every Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday from midnight - 3AM. I'd suggest catching them there next time you're out late drinking in the Mile End.
5	Delicious and creative taco's, although in Montreal we have a lack of taco trucks so everyone may have flipped out on this one and lost all perspective. Friends of mine recently booked the taco truck to cater their wedding and have been thrilled with the kind service and tasty sampling options, so the great reputation comes with a dose of good-people-ness that puts me up to 5 stars.
3	I'm sure you've come across the green taco truck at the various summer festivals in our wonderful city. Now that the summer is sadly winding down, you may want to follow them on Twitter to see where they're at!Grumman78 changes menu everyday: different tacos are offered everyday. All those that I tried had a good combination of flavor. However, I thought that they were always too salty. I definitely suggest to pay extra to add crabmeat to your taco. Pulled pork plus crab... mmmm! Despite all the great food that can be found in Montreal, street food is pretty much non existant. Outdated lawmakers are to blame for that. Through some loophole, Grumman78 is one of the only food truck allowed to operate. Maybe it's because of the novelty factor but they are quite popular despite being quite pricey (2 tacos for 9$ ain't cheap son!). Nonetheless, I am seriously hoping that Grumman78 continues on its success and will encourage young talented chefs to bring more delicious food to our streets!
5	Ok, I'll admit it they had me at 'Taco Truck'!!! I love Montreal and find it difficult to identify faults with this great city, but if there is one it is that street food is prohibited. Hopefully this will change one day, but until then I will follow the Grumman78 Taco Truck where ever it may go just so I can say I ate out of a Taco Truck. That being said I must admit that I loved the food. The vegetarian taco was terrifically tasty, you certainly didn't feel that you missed out of anything by not having meat. My carnivorous friends also enjoyed their creative taco creations The nachos are truly to die for and I suspect if you eat too many you may die of a coronary, but you'll certainly die happy.  Follow @Grumman78 on twitter to find out what events they will be attending throughout the city. They were at Montreal en Lumiere this evening and hopefully this is just the start of a trend that will carry through our summer festival season.In addition to the great food the Grumman truck is staffed by a group of super friendly and funny individuals.
3	FOOD TRUCK!!! Tacos!! I am glad that Grumman78 takes credit cards!! I can't imagine street food establishments would take cards, but at this price point... $6 for a taco.. and don't even think about the Foie Gras taco close to $17.. I really need to whip out my credit card!The tacos are smallish.. I smell it and admire it and  tried to savour every bite... love the garnish especially the cilantro with the splash of fresh lime.Pork BBQ and Boeuf Ancho are both tasty... I can eat 6 of those... Credit card time again??
3	Grumman78's hype started back when they appeared in this very noticeable green truck during Montreal's most seeked festivals such as Jazz Festival, Just for Laughs or Francofolies just to name a few.  Serving not your regular taco, Grumman78 stirred the interest of local foodies towards food trucks again, a practice that is banned in Montreal.  I tried it once at an event in the old port, did remember its originality but was not mesmerized by the taste that much.  This weekend, I had the opportunity to have a tasting menu at a birthday of a friend.  We were served a variety of 3 tacos, 2 appetizers and one dessert.  Their kitchen is located in a parking lot in St-Henri and is seriously so well hidden. I would have never thought little tacos were being made in that place!The drinks they offered were quite interesting.  I had the horchata which is a beverage made of rice, cinnamon and other spices as well as rum. It was served in a bag with a straw which added a fun factor!We were very excited about our first two courses: fried chicken and potato salad & avocado mousse and mackerel ceviche served with fried won-ton wrappers!!! the taste was spot on and the play on textures elevated our level of excitement!However, as we started on the tacos munching, we noticed a similar taste profile in all of them even though the toppings were very different.  We had a chorizo taco, a 'thanksgiving' taco (turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing...) and fish&chip style taco.  All of them were extremely original and the concept was definitely there.  But the addition of the refried beans and coriander in all of them undermine the uniqueness and individuality of each of them.  I am no expert taco eater and that is only my personal opinion.  I also found that their choice of tortilla overwhelms the delicate taste of some ingredients.  Maybe the fact that we ate that much didn't help either. If we were only to have one taco, i am pretty sure I will have been very satisfied.Although the food was not my highlight of the evening, i must say that the service was perfect! They expertly and sleekly removed our dishes as we were finishing and we are always there whenever we had a question. They are also very well equipped in the kitchen! They have a 'sous-vide' machine, a pacojet (can pulverize any food or make the smoothest sherbet or ice cream ever) and much more...For your real taco lovers, it may be an amazing idea to have them host a private party! And i think taco lovers or not, you must at least try them at least once.  They will be opening a counter in Faubourg Ste-Catherine in the upcoming month! Thus, you wont have to track down every event to have a try at their taco!
4	If you've been looking around for the bright green Grumman78 taco truck, good news: they have just opened a stand at the Faubourg Sainte-Catherine and are a welcome addition to the Faubourg's food court. Let's hope they are here to stay! (And let's hope Montreal's antiquated by-laws prohibiting street food are revised because this city needs to get with it and allow street food vendors like lots of other cities worldwide.)  Today was my first time trying a Grumman78 taco. I had the Pork Banh Mi and it was really fresh and delicious. I look forward to trying their other creations. I'm taking one star off because the prices are a bit expensive for a four-bite -- or maybe three big bites -- taco (they are minimum $4+tax for just one).
3	I've had the tacos from the truck a few times and also tried them at Nouveau Palais and the new spot doesn't diverge at all from what they usually offer. I had the "turkey dinner" taco, served with gravy and cranberry jelly and it was absolutely delicious. I wasn't so lucky with the "pork stick" taco though. The porc portion was a deep fried pork croquette, which sounds good in theory, but there was hardly any actual meat in it. In fact, the filling was mostly huge chunks of mushy pork fat (maybe I was unlucky, but this was inedible). I ended up simply removing the pork and eating the taco with just the condiments. Disappointing. I also ordered the hibiscus tea in a "sip sac" (juice in a bag) for 2$. It was a bit sweet for me, but with a bit of added vodka, it would have been awesome. Speaking of their liquor license, they're trying to get one and have gotten the green light from the liquor board, but the Faubourg says no for liability reasons. Hopefully they'll be able to figure it out. Total price for two tacos and a drinks, tax in: $11.50.
5	Outstanding. Finally some great "Mexican" food downtown! The pork tacos are amazing. And the hibiscus juice out of a bag... Wonderful.
4	Tacos, tacos, tacos.  We are pretty far from the land where tacos originated from, but Grumman78 serves up some interesting mixes of tacos.  I have seen them around at festivals, but due to Montreal's antiquated street food laws they cant operate as a true food truck which is a phenomenon sweeping the majority of cities in the US.  Such a shame, but I digress.However, they opened up a location in the Faubourg so I tried me some tacos.  First off, they are a bit expensive but are kind of filling, so maybe it makes up for that?  Anyways, my favorite is the pork bahn mi (sp?).  It has pulled pork and Asian slaw with some cilantro which definitely increases the flavor.  Some of them are WAY overpriced like the chorizo and crab taco.  Wasn't worth the 8 dollars at all.  It's just chorizo and crab meat...really not much flavor.They also have some sides, like the sweet potato fries.  They also offer juices in plastic bags, which I haven't tried yet.It's a tad expensive, but good and a very welcome addition to the Faubourg food court.
4	I've read the reviews, heard the recommendations, and finally I was in the area today so I got to try Grumman 78. So glad I did.The tacos were flavourful and, while small, the staff's recommendation of 3 tacos for a meal was right on. I had the Pork Banh Mi, the Jerk Chicken, and the Beef taco and was quite pleased. I wasn't even offended by the price (as some of you mentioned) given that the ingredients seemed fresh, tasted great, and they weren't skimpy on 'em. I didn't buy the $7 taco though. I can't conceive of a taco that size that would be worth $7 to me.And the drinks out of a bag. Creative. Never seen that before (well, maybe those juice bags we had as a kid) but certainly never at a restaurant.Good job, '78! I'll be back.
3	I went here recently with a homie before a movie date because time was tight and well, because tacos are most people's best friend. That and dogs apparently. I love Mehhhican food and I honestly think it's hard to come by in Monty. After all, Canada isn't exactly south of the border, folks. So, we hit up Grumman78...and despite the absolutely dismal surroundings (it's in a bit of sketchy looking/vibing mini-mall), we ordered some jerk chicken tacos and had a seat...in a plastic cafeteria chair of course. Very classy date. Although the surroundings were a huge thumbs down, the tacos were niiiice..but, tiny. You need to order at least 10 (not really) and since they are 4 bucks each, it really shouldn't break the piggy bank. As an after food thought, I ordered the sweet potato fries, which ended up swimming in a sea of oil (I think the captain was asleep at the wheel and the sailors had taken over the ship), and were topped with feta...? I can't remember really. I must have been drunk...or just wanted to be. So, while I probably won't return to the gorgeous mini-mall to hit up Grumman's for some taco treats, I'll most likely seek out the food truck this summer...after all, tacos just taste better...in the daylight...with a Corona in hand. Si?
3	Taco?  Okay! Taco, okay.While food trucks keep fighting the good fight to get themselves established in Canadian cities, places like Grumman are finding more permanent temporary solutions.Grumman opened up a location at the infamously dirty Faubourg.  It just so happened I was heading there for some Thai.My sister and I decided to check out the tacos because we've read the hype and heard all fuss.Note that I love me a proper taco.  A really good taco makes me throw down of these !Grumman's taco got a .That's exactly what it was like.  I felt oooohh!!!! leading up to it, took a bite and went oh.It was good but it was by no means special.  I may  have liked it better if it wasn't so pricey.  I may have liked it better if I hadn't tried BMB in Toronto recently.  I may have liked it better if I didn't compare it to Grand Electric's tacos.  That's one too many "I may haves" to chew on.We tried the beef belly taco ($5) and their best-selling pork banh mi taco ($4).  Both were overflowing with flavour and meat, but it was all too anticlimactic.I liked it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat it.Call me cheap, but the two tacos, no matter how generously stuffed they were, didn't make me forget I spent $10!  Right punctuation, wrong thing to accentuate.
4	I have one of my Grumman 78 staples whenever available, their fried chicken and potato salad. I'm not going to tell you that their fried chicken is probably right up there with some of the best out, because I'm going to let YOU tell ME that. Prepared in a two-step process, the chicken is treated to a nice warm vacuumed packed jacuzzi bath for a couple of hours then battered and deep fried. Coming out of the sous-vide like a fat lady from a sauna, the chicken is cooked while retaining all its natural moisture which assures a juicy and tender, fall-off-the-bone bite after it's been deep fried in a seasoned batter. The potato salad is not to be overlooked. Perfectly cooked potatoes with a snap to each bite, smothered in a tangy dressing, celery, and onion, is a great accompaniment to the fried chicken, adding texture and a bright note to the dish.
3	I've had several of their tacos. All were very tasty. I would say that they are a little pricey for just a taco. But beggars can't be choosers, and in this province, street food vending had be illegal for decades. So bravo to Grumman 78 for finding a way around it.
3	GREAT Lamb and Pork Banh Mi Tacos, not so great price. Although everything is fresh and flavourful, paying $7 for that one little taco sitting in the palm of your hand just kills me. I'd do it once a year at the Jazz Festival or something, but that's about it. Their hibiscus juice in a bag is not too shabby, a mix of sour and sweet. It's a really creative and interesting way to enjoy a drink, although I can totally foresee various ways of it getting messy.
3	One meal was great, one not so great. I heard such great things about this truck that maybe I was expecting too much?
5	The one and only, the originators! Rebels of the Mtl. Food scape! First Food Truck in the City! Gotta grub at Grumman78's!
1	Just finished from the worst dining experience of my life. Service was terrible, the meal took over three hours from start to finish. The owner was not only unapologetic, but rude as well. The food was fair at best and not worth the hefty price at all! They should stick to the taco truck, and not try to be something they are not!!!!
5	Truly love this spot and it's another great addition to our rapidly changing st.henri district! It really is something you'd expect in Brooklyn meaning doesn't look like much from the outside but once you open those doors you'll be more than surprised at how large the space is and the vibrance and atmosphere from within. So good actually I've been twice in the past 10 days!Food is as you know of the mexican variety and filled with delicious menu items like johnny cakes, and tacos al pastor (a sort of braised pork?)...but don't overlook the lighter stuff like the super tasty tomato salad/corn bread... Only draw back I find is it might be on the pricier side but most of the dishes are for sharing so you'll just split the bill anyways...except if you take your date guys...don't be a cheapo...
4	Good vibe, fried chicken was real good! Was not a big fan of the beef tacos though, drinks are amazing.
4	Wow!  Tex Mex hitting Montreal, heaven!  My friend took me here for dinner - it was both our first time coming here, and really neat to see St. Henri getting some cool restaurants.  The outside suggests that you are going to be eating in a garage, and truth be told, you are.  The decor inside is shabby chic, with some tables made of wooden pallets (be careful if you are wearing tights).  Great music on the stereo.  Food seems pricey from the outset, but well worth it, as the portions are quite large.  I ordered the octopus/chorizo tacos which were tasty and very filling, and also the tomato salad, which was also a good start (but both those things were too much for one person.)  Salmon tartare was super fresh and we devoured that quickly.  There was also a "Buffalo Bits" salad - which we thought would be a salad with some cleverly placed pieces of buffalo wings, blue cheese, maybe some celery or carrot sticks but was actually a little bit of cole slaw and a MASSIVE PILE of chicken wings.  Whoops.  When I say MASSIVE PILE, I mean beyond Cheesecake Factory massive.  So overall, I really liked this place - but probably could've used a steer on portion sizes!  At the very least, I did have some yummy leftovers for lunch the next morning....!
1	Tasty food truck food marked up to nosebleed levels served in a huge soulless hangar by arrogant staff.
4	Tres bons tortillas, bonne ambiance! Vous voudrez y retourner:)
1	I was on Mont-Royal earlier this week and was excited to see their truck perched near the chalet on top of the mountain, because I had heard good things about them. Sadly, while the beef taco was wonderfully tasty, I was disappointed with the smile deprived service (the dude seemed offended when I asked how big the serving was before ordering). I found that their offer didn't give reasonable value for money. For around $7, you get a single taco, so to make it into a meal, you need to get two, which will set you back $14. I think that's steep considering that you're eating out of a paper plate with a plastic fork. Oh and that dude shouldn't work in hospitality!
3	Why is this not a 5 star review? One word: the staff...okay well that's two, but you get the point. They didn't ruin my experience; the food (more to come) was finger licking good, but I felt that staff that we interacted with could have been more friendly and attentive. Firstly, our waiter took two out of three people's drink order...I may be petite, but I'm not invisible, right? When two of us got our drinks, there was no apology for missing an order, he just took another order like no error.With that said, the food was spectacular! Quick run down of our meal...We started with the tartare de cheval chipotle and papas Grumman. You read correctly folks, that is horse meat on the menu. Being the adventurous eaters that we are, we had to try this dish. No matter what the politics around this is, we were in Quebec and it's more a norm than anywhere else in Canada. To be honest though, it had to really concentrate to taste a difference between horse and beef. There was a lot of chipotle sauce mixed in with crispy tortilla chips. It was definitely tasty, not matter what meat it was. The papas were delicious friend sweet potato cubes with crumbly cheese. It's cheese and starch, who wouldn't like that? Tacos al pastor were up next. The pork was sweet and spicy with bits of pineapple that is typical of this taco. We gobbled it up and even fought over the last one. (We ended up sharing it.)Overall, I would go back...but maybe were a big flashy hat so that I'm noticed this time.
2	Incredibly overrated and overpriced. Egos on wheels. Get over it, you're a food truck with mediocre undersized portions. Deluded hipsters.
5	LOVE their banh mi tacos!   Amazing flavour profile.  I find it depends who constructs the tacos though, as the meat to veg ratio varies.  I def like a lot of the marinated veg! I ask for extra lime every time, as well. (I even have a lot of dietary restrictions and this is one thing I can order and eat as-is.)Just wish the price-point wasn't so high!  As someone on a very low income, it's a one or twice a year treat.
3	Small but tasty gourmet tacos. We tried the Porc Banh Mi (typical mild vietnamese flavor) and Boeuf Ancho (basically a burrito of beans and meat). There is no two ways around it; this is petite food. At $5-6 dollars a taco you will probably want to buy two for lunch. The staff wavered between nice and uninterested, but I'm willing to give them a pass under such intense summer food truck conditions.The major caveat I'd give is pretty simple: the food I tasted was not extraordinary. If you really want a taco/burrito, there are better options (M4!). But in a food truck environment  they provide a tasty lunch option that nobody else in Montreal provides.
2	Guess I wasn't prepared for this place. I got excited when I saw that there was a taco truck just around the corner from my neighborhood and decided to cruise down to give it a try. For the record, tacos are my favorite food, and I am a taco snob.When I went inside the restaurant I immediately said "What the fuck?" Not what I was expecting at all. I was totally under-dressed and felt waaaay out of place. I decided to stick around to try some tacos. I took a seat at the bar and ordered carnitas tacos ($20). Well, someone needs to explain to the chef what carnitas actually are. I was served lamb tacos. Why not just write "lamb tacos" on the chalk board instead of calling it carnitas, which everyone knows is pork. Weird.The tacos were okay. At three for twenty dollars it should have come with a massive side, or be ten tacos at two dollars each. Considering they used generic corn tortillas and just a couple small bits of meat, my small portion twenty dollar meal probably cost them 3 dollars to make. Maybe prices are better when the taco truck is running?
3	As the "foodie" of my high school reunion group, I was tasked with finding a fun place with good food to host a large group on a Friday... not the easiest challenge but one I figured I could handled. Based on what was required, I figured now was a good opportunity to try out the restaurant of one of my favourite food trucks here in Montreal, Grumman 78.Located in what appears to be an old converted garage and in what used to be (and still is) their prep kitchen for the truck itself, Grumman 78 has a nice relaxed vibe eminating from its locale. Funky artwork, old arcade machines, white brick walls, large wooden tables, old Christmas lights and good music - this is definitely not a formal restaurant. Given the open nature of the space and the fact it was Friday, a little noisy for conversation but it's the kind of room that I could see being enjoyment on a different night and time.As we were a large group, we were beholden to a fixed menu but one that had been proposed to me in advance and which I had the option of making changes to. Given that it was a combination of many of their staple dishes, I had no issues with what they offered us. At this moment, I want to take a second to discuss the service of the evening. Our meal got off to a bit of rocky start due to no-shows on our end which delayed the start of the meal by a good hour and caused some issues as our number dropped from what we had confirmed for the fixed menu. While it got sorted out, it was a little surprising to see how we weren't offered drinks more quickly as we waited for those who ended up not coming or that we weren't checked on again until we eventually decided to assume those no-shows were actually not coming. That followed a bit of a pattern throughout the night of decidedly slow service despite our waiter being very friendly. An entire order of drinks never came and the wait times between the different dishes was surprisingly long. Now, I noticed that there were at least 2 other large (i.e 10+) groups in the restaurant at the same time which may explain some of the issues but regardless it was a disappointment.The first appetizer was a Mackerel crudo. A combination of brined Mackerel, citrus fruits, pomegranate and avocado, this was a very light and fresh starter. Great combination between the salty Mackerel, the sweet acidic fruits and the creamy avocado. Tons of flavours without being overbearing.The other appetizer was a beet salad with apples, creme fraiche, croutons and herbs. Another interesting combination of items and flavours. The redness of the beets created quite a visually striking dish. The richness of the creme fraiche and acidity of the apples helped to freshen up the beets which are not a favourite of mine under normal circumstances.The next course was what made Grumman 78 in the first place: their soft shell tacos. In this instance, we were treated to two types: Bahn-Mi and Pimenton-Feta. The Bahn-Mi ones were comprised of pulled pork, hoisin sauce, pickled daikon and carrots. The Pimenton-Feta ones were Pimenton braised red beans, radish salad and feta. As we were a large group, there were served family style to allow you to build your own - although we had an issue in terms of quantity of tortillas. We eventually got extras but they were a little slow to come. Regardless, the tacos themselves were delicious - both were flavourful and texture rich. I had already had the Bahn-Mi before- it was the original taco I tried of theirs from their food truck. Nice combination of sweet and fatty. The Pimenton-Feta was a new one for me - not a huge fan of the beans themselves but the mix with the feta and the radish made it work rather nicely.The next service was the final main: Fried Chicken and Johnny Cakes (cornmeal pancakes) with coleslaw and Ranch dressing. I loved these - the fried chicken was crispy but still moist inside, the coleslaw was light and fresh, the ranch dressing added some creaminess and the pancakes were a perfect vehicle for the whole thing. I just wished that there had been more!For dessert, we got individual key lime pies. Now, I am a huge key lime pie fan so imitators need not present themselves to me at a restaurant. This one was quite good - a crunchy graham crust at the bottom and nice key lime filling. A solid end to the meal.All in all, my time at Grumman 78 left me conflicted - the food was awesome as I had expected given my experiences with the food truck however the service issues on this evening left a slightly sour note for my dinner mates and I. I am generally more forgiving on these things but I suspect some of my friends won't be based on our discussions at the bar afterwards. The food here is too good not to check out but perhaps I would recommend not bringing a large group firstly - a table of 2 or 4 should not run into the issues we did. At least visit the food truck when it comes out this summer. I certainly plan to.Cheers!
1	For food truck- Ok tasting gourmet, non traditional tacos. WAY overpriced. I paid 15$ for 2 tacos after tip and was left hungry. I will never eat here again, knowing that a ton of taquerias have opened, serving amazing mexican tacos for a fraction of the price. Very disappointing, but not surprising considering it's a Montreal food truck ($$$$).
5	The night started out rainy and slightly depressing. It was our anniversary, which I completely forgot about, it was pouring outside and neither I or the bf had the slightest motivation to whip up a half-decent meal. We decided to head over to Grumman '78, after all it was next to our house, we had been curious about it ever since we moved, and it was low-key enough. I'm sure glad the bf came up with the idea because my experience at Grumman '78 turned the evening around. I was delighted by the decor the minute I stepped in. The twinkling lights, the rough wood tables, and the leather high chairs were the perfect mix of classy and casual. The staff was so nice and charming; it felt like everyone was having a good time where ever we looked around. We ordered cocktails, starters, tacos, fried chicken, and a side to share. The cocktails were nice and not heavy on the sugar. I thought they were well balanced while the bf would have preferred them a little more juicy. I suggest you take a look at their cocktail menu; their offering is original.The starters were good but the tacos were amazing! I would definitely go back and just get tacos. Forget the fried chicken, just tacos and papas (side dish). Nothing bad to be said about fried chicken, it was good but it's never been my thing...a little comprise here for the bf. The side dish which consisted of sweet potatoes with herbs and cheese was delicious. The bf devoured his plate even though he's not a fan of yams.  It's definitely on the heavy and greasy side so sharing is the way to go. If you've already ordered a ton of food, switching the side plate by a salad from the starters might be a good idea. I can't say much about the desserts since I already full. The bill...it wasn't cheap but it wasn't terrible either. It was $95 tip and tax in for 2. Considering we had about $25 of alcohol I'd say the pricing was fair for the good quality, flavour pairings, and the service. I will definitely go back.
5	Hipster tacos, always my favourite. I've had their amazing Banh Mi tacos from the food truck over the years, but finally went to the restaurant for my anniversary the other day and was blown away. The ambiance was great. Beautiful xmas lights and classic rock/ soul music playing. Our dinner was unsurprisingly outstanding: Filet Mignon tacos, Fried Catfish tacos, fried chicken (whoa), and sweet potato poutine.
4	One of those weird instances of style over substance that actually works, is plenty fun, and comes completely recommended. I've never walked out of there less than excited to go back.I've you've enjoyed tacos outside of Montreal before, don't be alarmed at paying way too much for not-quite-the-best tacos you've ever had. I've you've had fried chicken anywhere else in Montreal (Icechouse, Triple Crown), then really skip overpaying for the fried chicken here. Expect however to just have a great time eating whatever you do end up slightly over paying for. There's really no other place like Grumman's you can experience in the city. Sure it's a hipster mouse-trap, but it's a friendly hipster mouse-trap with personality and heart. The staff is never less than stellar and pleasant and fun and ready to laugh with you over just about anything, and from the moment you walk in the vibe is that of people having a good time being serviced by people who appear to be enjoying themselves working there. I've nitpicked the pricing a bit and that's the market in Quebec unfortunately, but the food is inventive and really good (not best) enough that you never get the impression you're actually overpaying for anything. I recommend the extensive wine list, and suggest caution with the cocktails; the recipes are way outside your standard playbook, and I've yet to have one that didn't have me reaching to find why someone thought that would make a good drink. The wine though...
