1	You know that scene in Steel Magnolias, when Shelby gets her hair cut, and then bursts into tears when she sees it? That's how I felt after I got my hair cut here.
3	When I was a little kid my dad would take me to Cowboy Mel's on Main and 2nd Street in downtown Anoka, MN (population 15,000). Me and Dad bonded. Mel smoked a cigar. I learned of Guns and Ammo magazine. Soon a swanky salon, called Barbie Baker Design opened on Main Street and my mom started going there. Well, I was a young, fresh, bursting at the seams, pre puberty, pre knowing I was a homo young man. One day mom asked if I wanted to get a "style cut" (WHAT IS THAT?) at Barbie Baker? I said yes. Mel was stinky and the magazine selection sucked ass. When we walked through the doors of Barbie Baker Design (not Salon, not Shop, but Design), the heavens opened up and the choir sang. I was in my element. Cool straight chicks and a gay receptionist named Bruce. Well. I bonded with the salon community. And ever since then enjoyed the salon experience. From Beverly Hills to Manhattan, I've had some fabulous follicle indulgences. Here, in Phoenix, I'm lucky enough to receive the BEST cuts from Amina at Ide Mania. Well. Today. I.Snapped. I just need a quick cut. It's July in AZ. It's like a freakin' sauna. Anything to make things cooler. Cut to Great Clips in a glamorous strip mall on 7th Ave and Osborn. Me entering. Nervous. Sweating. Embarrassed perhaps. Less than 30 minutes I left with a PERFECT summer cut. An enjoyable time with my "stylist"...I mean really there was no shampooing and she never used a scissor. But. I looked good. I mean hot even. I blew kisses at the mirror. Paid my $13 tab and threw a Lincoln her way. Yea. That's how I roll.I love the salon experience. But I have to holla at Great Clips and the staff. Clean space. Friendly and efficient staff. And Rickie can't stop complimenting me. That is worth $13 times a hundred!Sorry Korina.
5	Korina A, you're out of your ever loving mind lol.I used to agonize before getting a hair cut. I'd worry endlessly that I'd get a bad cut. Maybe I just won't like it. Maybe the stylist won't listen to me or understand what I'm asking for. Maybe this, maybe that... while I gnaw my nails away with anxiety.Then I came here. I leave feeling sexy & great. My hair has been transformed from it's outgrown shaggy state to sleek, fresh, fun, flirty, bouncy, & cute. All for $13! And don't forget to tip!There are people who only come to see Angie. I love her. But I also like this very tall African American woman who's name I can't recall. She cut my hair last time & did a phenomenal job. I'm prone to flyaways & my hair is fine. She worked my hair just right to help me hide my flyaways & give my hair volume.So yes, I still worry about my hair. But it's not as bad as it used to be. I'm comfortable knowing I'll leave feeling & looking better.I sure as heck won't pay $30+ for a salon cut. Only time I've done that was the only time my fears were completely founded. My hair SUCKED.Great Clips, I'm a loyal customer :)Thank you!
5	Sometimes a gal wakes up and needs a haircut as if her life DEPENDS on it....today was one of those days. But it's Saturday, and she's working all day, and then she finds out that her expensive, but worth it, stylist is out of town, and it's approaching 5pm and where oh where can she go RIGHT NOW? Eeeeks, she has no choice but to go to Great Clips, just so that itch can be scratched. Even though she knows she's going to regret it. But! This time she doesn't regret it! Hip hip hooray, she can dance til she gets deported after all!Catherine was efficient and amazing and left me feeling like I spent $80 on a haircut instead of the $13 she charged me.
4	Sometimes, a girls wants to splurge on going to the hair salon and sometimes, there is not enough time or money to do that. That is what I love about Great Clips. For the most part, I can stop in and be seen within 5 minutes like today and get a $13 haircut. You can't beat it. Most of the time, I just need the end of my layers cleaned up and why would I want to spend $60 on a haircut to do that?  I have never had any problems with not getting what I wanted. Sometimes, I'll also spend the extra $20-$25 and have them shampoo and blow-dry my hair straight. My hair always looks great when I do that, too. Today, I spent $38 on the cut, shampoo and blow-dry. The blow-dry took alot longer than I wanted today, but Keeyla (sp?) also took the flat-iron to it. Clearly the girl takes pride in her work and my hair looks really great for someone with very coarse, wavy hair. Every once in awhile you can get coupons for an $8 haircut in the mailers. They also give you a free haircut after 11 or 12. I haven't hit that milestone yet but I'll get there. The employees also seem really happy and the girl who did my hair today said alot of them have been there for at least 3 years. She said they love working there and I think it shows with the amount of regulars they get and their positive attitudes.
1	I have since moved on to bigger and better establishments. My opinion was clouded over by my five foot lover's insistence that I not "waste" money....sayonara, GC.
2	Yes, the place is inexpensive, and let's just say, you get what you pay for.  The last couple of times that I was there, I was assigned to the same stylist.  She never paid much attention to what she was doing.  She was too busy checking into everyone's conversations and looking at the door for customers entering.  Needless to say, I had very uneven haircuts after both visits.  Another stylist that I had at one time, overcharged me $5 extra for a product that I purchased.  Unfortunately, I didn't learn this until I returned home later on in the day.  I know of other people from my area who have experienced similar problems with this neighborhood salon.  Inexpensive, coupon, or not, I don't plan to return to this place.
3	I always get good service here. I've had a few haircuts that I wasn't a huge fan of, but nothing crazy. I always do the online check-in and it works like a charm! All in all, good for a chain hair cut shop
4	stopped in for a quit cut while on a work vacation. the guy i got was patient with me, seeing as idk wtf i ever want. i basically told him i like it shorter on the sides and to just make me look good. he did a good job and the shop in general was clean. ill visit again if needed when im in the area.
1	Two stylists on Friday evening. I've been waiting an hour while chatty Kathy has managed to do 1 1/2 haircuts. The other stylist just had four friends walk in and he skipped one of them alllll the way to the head of the line. Cute. Too late for me to go anywhere else, so I'm going to keep waiting. Smile nicely and let my tip reflect my aggravation.
3	Giving them 3 stars because I have had some great experiences here in the past. Brianna, if you need a perm or even just a cut, is great and I wish I could continue to go back and see her, but, alas, I will never return after this last experience.I have had my hair permed twice at this location (both times by Brianna, who I now trust with my hair...which is harder than trusting someone with your life) and 7 months since my last perm, the curls are mostly fallen out (it happens) and take a load of styling gel to look even semi-good most days. Add on 4 inches of new growth and it was time to get a new perm. I had to have it done soon, preferably this weekend, because of a family trip next week so I called to make an appointment. Brianna, I was told, was not going to be available until Wednesday afternoon. I had some anxiety about having a stranger do my perm, but it had to be done. So I booked it. Now let me make it clear. I had explained to the woman who booked my appointment  (With Liz I believe was her name) that I had had my hair permed there 7 months ago, I needed a full perm because the curl was mostly gone, etc. I get there this morning and I'm told by the stylist that I have "plenty of curl left" (I'm not sure how to attach a picture, but trust me...that's not the case.) even though I let her know that this was my hair fresh from the shower and that had temporarily refreshed the curl. It would be gone once it dried. She then pulled on some strands of hair, towards the end of my hair, and claimed there was too much breakage. Oh right, big surprise. I have at least an inch of split ends after 7 months, I'm lazy about getting trims and I needed one, but above that inch or so my hair is plenty strong. She requested a consult from management, who was very condescending towards me and barely listened to me at all. Continuously talking over me and making claims about perms that are outdated and did not apply to my situation in any case.  If they didn't know have someone on staff for that day who was competent at performing perms, then they shouldn't have given me an appointment. Now I have to make a new appointment at a private salon (where the price is, oddly enough, the same as at Great Clips) that will force me to take a vacation day at work before my trip. If they had simply told me they couldn't do the perm with their current staff I would have booked elsewhere in the first place and not wasted my morning.
5	PHOENIX, AZ: Just come here to see Heber Hernandez, if you can get him.  My hair is impossible to cut well and he knocked it out like it was nothing.  The guy should be charging $50 for picking up the shears.
1	If I could leave a zero star, I would. I took my son for a haircut with Stella and by the end of the cut, my son was super quiet. Once we got to the car, he broke out in tears. He said that the lady that cut his hair was like ripping his hair out and pulling his hair. I didn't look closely until I arrived at my barbers to get my hair done and saw that his hair was TERRIBLE!  The back was all choppy and had varying lengths and even had a flap of hair on the left side. So much that it would move when my son turned his head. What?!  Anyhow, I took him to my barber, Stanley at Biltmore Barber and he fixed it for FREE. Biltmore Barber on Camelback is absolutely awesome. They took what Great Clips did and made it good.  We called Stella at Great Clips and she said we can come for a free cut next time. How about offer a refund...duh!  Well, needless to say (one would assume), we'll never go back there again...and we told her that.  Don't fall for their cheap cost coupon in the mailer like we did.
5	I just love this Great Clips because 'Q' works there.Our first meeting was a struggle since he wanted me to tell him what I wanted and well, that's not my talent so I just said something like Meg Ryan wearsNow he knows that I like to try new things and I love what he does with my hair.He really does show his talents and takes his time to do it right !Yea, Q
