4	I gave this place 4 stars because a sales lady was just standing around not giving me the right answers. Luckily, some guy helped me out. I really wanted a zip around wallet, but for some odd reason those were more expensive than the bags. LUCKILY, when I went there, there was a sale going on & the bags were 60-70% off. I got a cute doctor satchel for 90 BUCKS! Just look up their website & see if there's deals going on, which I'm sure there are.
1	Personally I am not a fan of D&B, it's just not my style, I only go here to see what my Mother-in-law may like. One of her favorite colors is purple and they always have that color readily available. I've been to this store several times and the experience gets worse and worse with every visit. This last visit today tops them all. There were about 3-4 sales people on the floor and they were all socializing amongst themselves. I asked one of them a question and they replied with a quick and sharp "No," then turned to their collegue "But you know what..." and continued their converstaion as if there weren't several other people in the store and their convo about their late night was much more important and my presence was an inconvenience. I won't be coming here anymore, besides, the style of D&B just reminds me of the style from the 80's & 90's, hasn't changed and really needs a makeover!
5	whooo hoooo.... Let me set the scene, its hot, I'm pushing a stroller, just came out of gymboree and on a mission to make it to the coach store... but then up ahead to my right I see the  Dooney and Bourke sign... I do a double take because the only other outlet I have ever seen is in Florida, its hot like Orlando but I know I'm not in Orlando, lol!  Anyways I make my way into the store, the cool a/c greets me as I enter.  I browse and I can feel my heartbeat skip a beat so happily.  Like a good outlet shopper I head to the back of the store to view the clearance stuff and low and behold there it is... THE purse I have been dreaming of but had not quite found.  Off white, big (fit diapers, bottles and laptop) and all leather.  The sign at the top says 40% off but its right above some small purses so I'm bummed thinking oh I guess I have to pay full price (outlet price).  I go to the register and the guy says this one is 40% off too, I almost pass out from pure glee.  He then proceeds to check in his handy dandy computer for the matching wallet that he tells me can be shipped to me directly if its in stock.  Sadly he could not find it for me but that was ok.  I have to say the customer service was great, my son didn't get buck and I left into the Vegas heat on cloud nine!P.S.  Now I know how Carrie Bradshaw felt when she seen those shoes in the window...  I recall her saying 'Hello Lover' and that's what I said to my new purse, HA!
5	So the only other D&B outlet I've been to is the one in Carlsbad, CA and I remember them having a decent selection. Before coming here, I didn't have high hopes since I figured a lot of the things they have would be really old or funky colored/printed. Boy was I glad I was wrong! The store surprisingly had a huge selection and almost everything there was 40% off the discounted price! Score! :) Yes they did have the older, retired styles there but they also had styles that are currently being sold in department stores. I love how the sales people aren't pushy or stalker-ish when you browse through the store. I think I walked around that store 3 times because there were just too many things I wanted! Luckily I found the perfect leather purse I wanted. The one they had on display was a red color, which I didn't like. But I asked the sales person if there were any colors in the back (honestly, I didn't think she would say yes) and ta-da! They had the brown shade I wanted!!! I seriously felt like I hit the jackpot. :) I was so pleased with my purchase that I cannot wait til I come back to Vegas so I can find a cute wallet to match with it.
