5	Dr. Nemivant is the best Ped. He is very knowledgeable and always puts his patients needs first. Everytime I call and leave a message he always calls me back himself and not a nurse its rare to find that alone. I was very reluctant to change peds but I got tired of driving an hour and lots of moms from school rec. Him I am beyond pleased with my change.
5	This place is great. They have excellent service, clean waiting rooms (sick and healthy), and the Doctors the time to talk to you and don't rush you out. Dr. Kleiner is our pediatrician and he is very kind, insightful, and patient. I strongly recommend him. Pediatrix has a couple of locations in the North Valley. Each location has different hours to accommodate those at many hours of the day, including the weekend.
3	The doctors are great but trying to make an appointment is a joke. I've been taking my son there since 2010 and the wait time has only gotten worse. You usually have to wait on hold for 20 to 30 minutes to make an appointment. The receptionist are all very rude and unapologetic for such a long wait time. If it wasn't for the wonderful care the doctors give I would not be going there.
5	Love this place, the staff, the drs, and the flexibility! They can do testing on site and they listen to parents concerns. I've seen 4 different drs here for my son over the past 2 years and they've been great. My husband took out son over the weekend to the other site and also had a great experience, I love that they have weekend hours at the practice.
5	I recently went to this Pediatrix location and was very impressed.  When I called the appointment line, I only waited about 2 minutes, and was given a next-day appt.  We were seen ON TIME (shocker!) and saw Dr. Mitra.  He was wonderful!  Very courteous, very thorough, and took his time with us (that's rare!).  I'm used to waiting several days for my kids to see a doctor, only to wait an hour+ in the waiting room, so this place is a step in the right direction!  We will definitely be going back!
2	I have had better pediatrics doctors for my kids. Picked this place when Loved and it had great reviews. The nurse staff is great but Dr. Mitra and I do not see eye to eye on parenting style regarding sleep for my infant. He was a little pompous actually about his recommendation so , I'm out.
