4	Yes, I had the all famous Cheesesteak stuffed with fries and coleslaw. Yes, it was awesome. Yes, my stomach was very unhappy afterwards. Yes, I'd eat it again!
5	Classic Pittsburgh, without all the parking hassle.  This location is easily accessible from I-79 and just a little ways from the Parkway (now I-376).My favorite is the capicola & cheese.  The chili is underrated and quite spicy.If you're a Primanti's virgin, resist the urge to make any alterations to the Primanti's sandwich recipe -- you will like it!The food tastes the same here as all the other locations. Pick some up on your way to the airport and carry on to the plane!
4	Better than last Primanti's I went to. Chili was very good, first time I tried that. Angus steak sandwich was pretty good. Nice amount of fries and slaw. Fries are fresh cut and slaw is on the sweet side. Pretty interesting combination.
5	This is the very first place I went when I moved to Pittsburgh and this Primantis is definitely my favorite.My favorite menu items are the cheese combo sandwich and the garden patch salad w/ fries on top.The pizza is okay, and their pierogies are pretty good, and the cheese sticks are worth a try, but it's all about the sandwiches and salads.You haven't lived until you've had a sandwich with cole slaw and french fries on it.
5	Pittsburgh legend . This location is my third favorite behind ... Ft Lauderdale ( on the beach ) and the orginal in the strip .
5	Primanti Bros is my favorite local restaurant in Pittsburgh. I was scared of the fries and coleslaw on my sandwich at first, but it is awesome. I always order the Cajun chicken, but my friends all order something different and everyone is just as happy as I am. If you are headed to town and you are trying to choose between this Primanti and the one on University, choose this one. This one has a little bit better layout, the other used to be a Denny's.
1	I understand that some places get better reviews just because they were on some TV show. I get it. But this is seriously incredible that this place gets so much attention for what they serve. The atmosphere is great - but this is about food...which was seriously awful. I'm not a picky eater in any sense so it's rare I just flat out don't like something. I got their signature "Pittsburger Cheesesteak" and fried mushrooms. It looked amazing and I already had the mindset that I'd love it, but it was seriously up there in some of the worst meals ever. The burger (not sliced meat) was EXACTLY like the meat that comes in those Smart Ones frozen salisbury steak dinners. I've eaten those a lot so I know...but I never had high hopes for a $1.50 frozen entree. I ate most of it because I hadn't eaten all day, but I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. It wasn't too greasy, it wasn't under/over cooked and it wasn't just short of some seasoning. It was just cheap meat thrown into a stacked sandwich in hopes it would just blend in and not get noticed. Cleveland has Panini's which is much like this place but way better and fresher food. It would be one thing if I didn't enjoy the combo of everything on it and I always take into account if the place was having one of those off nights - but it wasn't poorly prepared/cooked, it was just bad quality.
4	Great salads too! Also the chili. Another good thing about Primanti's, as soon as it is time for face off all the TV's are tuned to the Pen's game.
5	Best sandwich I've ever had, obscenely delicious. Recommend the pastrami , much better than the "2nd best seller" the steak and cheese which isnt shaved steak, it's more of a patty. Kosher pickles are also a must and since I can't get Yuengling back home, I have to get a 22 oz draft.Be sure to check out the original down on the strip, it's crowded but worth it.
5	Deliciously different!  I ordered capicola (ham) & cheese, hubby had corned beef.  Wasn't sure how the combo would taste with the slaw, tomato, and fries crammed in the middle...but WOW!  The tangy slaw and crispy fries were the perfect contrasting compliment to the sandwich meat.  None of the flavors were overpowering, they all melded perfectly together.  The fries in the sandwich and in the basket were a bit bland and needed a good sprinkling of salt, but once the salt was added, it was perfect.  This particular branch was not too busy, plenty of parking, we had an attentive young waitress (Jess) and we were served in a timely manner.  Glad to have stopped in.  The next time we're in the Pittsburgh area, we will make it a point to come back!
4	The service has been really good every time I've gone to this location. I've had several of their sandwiches and their pizza; all of it was good, though I do think the sandwiches are a bit overhyped. The best is the steak sandwich.
3	My husband was born and raised in Pittsburgh, so after seeing this place featured on the food network, I wanted to try it because I am not from the area.As hubby silently rolled his eyes and urged me to rethink my decision while reluctantly  giving in to my wish to go to Primanti, we drove into a crowded parking lot.Upon entering this sports type bar, the  loud environment with TVs everywhere didn't bode well with me for such a great experience.. I only came for the food, not the noise. Certainly not a place for conversation, but it appears a place for the Pittsburgh fans to hang out.   I tried the pastrami sandwich done the Primanti way, with Cole slow and fries on the sandwich. Loaded with Cole slaw and fries (not enough pastrami but they do have a double meat version if you are interested) I found the sandwich to be good, not great.The Cole slow was sweet, and the fries were just greasy and so so.Hubby was kind enough to not say "I told you so".Went for the experience, and won't be needing to do it again.
4	Came upon this restaurant just by riding around our hotel during our first night staying in Pittsburgh.  We saw the parking lot was completely full on a Tuesday night and knew they must be doing something right.  Come to find out, it's a pretty popular spot here in the area (and they were also running a Tuesday night pizza special.)I got the black angus sandwich that was recommended to us by the waitress, because we just didn't know where to start.  Everything looked so good!  The sandwich was very unique, I'll give it that!  A steak sandwich with cole slaw, fries (yes, fries!) lettuce and tomato all stuffed between two slices of white, italian bread.  The cole slaw gave it a good touch and I was also just so intrigued by the fries coming ON the sandwich, but midway through, I realized that whole thing was really lacking the flavor and "kick" that I was hoping for.  Kind of bland after a while.  Maybe a better, more flavorful bread, or some different spices on the steak and/or fries would put this meal over the top.  Much potential!On the other hand, my boyfriend got their single 3-topping pizza w/ pepperonis, sausage, and mushrooms and it was absolutely delicious!  If nothing else, we'll be back for the pizza.  Some of the best we've ever had.  Great chili appetizer, too.  Wouldn't go out of my way to get it again, but it did satisfy the taste buds!
5	We come to Pittsburgh once a year for a family vacation. This restaurant was recommended by a front desk employee at our hotel. Their sandwiches are like no other. They are the best sandwiches I've ever had. They are served on French bread and are topped with cheese, cole slaw, and fries. This odd combination is surprisingly delicious. The service is very friendly and fast. Their dessert is great, too. I hope to come back next year.
3	The food was alright but didn't live up to the hype.  I had the angus steak sandwich and it really didn't have much steak at all.  It was pretty much a bread, cole slaw and french fries sandwich garnished with steak.  With that said, it was actually pretty good.  The bar itself seemed like a good place to stop on your way home from work to sneek in a beer or two.
4	Good happy hour deals, Interesting burgers for a Southerner like me. seems to be a local favorite. If your trying to cut calories don't go. If you like comfortable burger and fries Do go!
5	I saw this place on man vs food and had to have it. Every time I come to Pitt I get one and take one home. This shop was one of the better ones I have been to. The staff was great food was great as always and serve time was great what more could you ask for
5	I don't get to go to Pittsburgh often, but when I do, I always stop at a Primanti's location for lunch or dinner.  This is not an option, it's a must-do for anyone visiting the 'Burgh.  This time, I stopped at the Steubenville Pike location, since it was on the way back to the hotel where I was staying that night.  There's a seating area, plus a bar where once can also enjoy a cold beer and a good meal.  Service was exceptionally fast, got my Iron City beer and a Pittsburgher cheese-steak sandwich in almost no time.  This is apparently one of their top selling sandwiches, and of course comes with the standard sourdough bread, cheese, fries and coleslaw right in the sandwich.  This is a treat, and I'd definitely go again.
4	This is the location to go to for Primanti's. The location is spacious and clean, with plenty of seating. Because the kitchen is in the back, it doesn't have the oil-soaked feeling of the Oakland location. The wait staff is fast, friendly, and efficient, and always check on our party frequently. The menu is also larger; my wife can't help but order their pizza every time we visit.The sandwiches are still good; bread, fries, slaw, meats. As I have said elsewhere, some of the meats are hit or miss; if you find a good one, like the kielbasa, get double meat and really have something great.
4	I personally prefer the strip district, but I was with the family, so we decided to try a more family friendly environment.  Sandwiches were just as delicious, they have a kids menu, and the environment was family conducive.
5	Excellent Sandwiches!  Pastrami HIGHLY recommended...if you are close by be sure to make time to stop!  Will definitely be back.
4	I read several mixed reviews of this place.  I'm from the Philly area and I was thinking that this might be like the hype you read about Pat's or Geno's cheese steak.This location has a very large parking lot and the restaurant is pretty large.  It was very clean and we were seated quickly.I had the waitress pick the sandwich for me and I got the sirloin steak sandwich.  As you've read a gizzillion times, it's cut white bread, fries and slaw on the meat.  Although the fries seem like they had been sitting around for a while in the kitchen, I was pleasantly surprise at how much I enjoyed it.It's not a lot of meat, but it's also not a thin layer of nothingness either.  The ratio of fries and slaw with the meat really worked well for me.The atmosphere was great because Pittsburgh sports fans are enthusiastic.  The Pirates game was on and there was a lot of cheering for their hometown faves.It's worth the trip for the vibe and for the grub.
3	Went here for lunch. Being a displaced Southern Belle I have always loved Primanti's. a true Pittsburgh tradition. I called my lunch in and asked if I could get it to go but eat it there since I may be short on time. The bartender, who I later found out was the person that took my order was a little snotty about me wanting them to have it made ahead of time. Almost made me feel like I was doing something wrong. Meh... Whatever. The rest of the staff were great ad I still enjoyed my lunch. For the bartender... I am going to drop it a star. I was going to give it four. It's difficult to get a five from me. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area and want to eat like a local!  :)
4	I mean what else is there to say about this place that hasnt been covered???Their sandwiches are a meal packed between two pieces of amazingly fresh Itallian bread. The fish sandwich is my favorite and the steak is where I go when I wanna change things up! Service is great, food always comes out hot. This time I tried the chili......It was cool outside, so I figured why not.....Its def got some kick to it!!!This place defines the city it calls home to a "T"
5	Love this place no better Pgh sanwich an at... love living in the burgh and yes I do live in the city of Pgh...for all you haters...saying you live in Pgh and you live in the outskirts...
4	Only sell sandwich and really tastes good
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this sandwich place, my boyfriend and I were in town and were told by everyone that we had to eat here, but after reading some reviews I was nervous about the greasiness content. However, our sandwiches were delicious. Thick bread that wasn't greasy at all, yummy French fries and coleslaw in the sandwich. My only complaint was the service, I had to go up to the bar to get my water refilled because the waitress just disappeared on us, otherwise, it was an enjoyable sandwich.
4	Primanti Brothers is a Pittsburgh staple! The Burgh take on the classic sandwiches. You begin with delicious Italian bread which is filled with the scrumptious meat of your choice and then French fries and slaw are piled high to complete these monster sandwiches. This location has plenty of parking and is relatively large inside. It gives you that sports bar feel rather than a downtown sandwich joint like you get in the warehouse district. The inside is relatively clean and the waitress we had on our last visit was pretty attentive even though we had a large party. I think the prices are fine for what you get from the sandwiches. That is what partly makes the restaurant a must go. Their reputation could allow them to charge more but they don't do that. This is definitely a hometown fav. Try it when you come through!
5	...always busy and always great food. The pizza should not be overlooked.
3	I love a good primanti sandwich.  I think they changed fries seasoning because they were actually salty.  Usually I have to add salt.  The waitresses were a little to be desired though and that is the reason for 3 stars.  3 girls looked at us before a 4th came over.  I had to say we were ready to order because she started to walk away. She challenged my beer selection too. She thought I said a fru fru drink even though I pointed to the craft beer page.  The waitress then pressured us to leave by standing by the table with a broom and dust pan hovering while we put our coats on.
5	Excellent sandwich just like all the hype.  I got the pastrami & it was delicious.  Would've liked more meat, but next time I'll get double.  Our waitress was very attentive & great with our kids.  We will definitely be going again next time we are in the area.
4	Every time I visit Pittsburgh I have to stop here. I've ordered a few sandwiches but just like everyone says... Everything is good! Only down side is that service is a little slow.
3	Have to say that service was bad. I was sitting at the bar,there was not even 5 people, and the bartender girl was tripping hard-core......like there was 50 of us. Totally confuse Any ways,i ordered Chicken Cajun Sandwich from their famous sandwich menu. It was a fine white meat,friend w cajun seasoning on 2 pieces of french bread w fries,tomatoes and swiss cheese. It was OK,can't say i was blown away....sorry ( not trying to be party pooper) nothing special. In Chicago we have a place with same concept . Maybe because i already tried it before i think what i think.....or i don't know....thats me.Still,if you never had anything like that and you are in the Pittsburg area,stop by
3	It's a Pittsburgh institution. You know it by heart. Fries and slaw on all the sandwiches. The locals love it. It's revered nationwide. Perhaps even larger than that. But I can't say I've ever been supremely bowled over by the food at any of the locations.I think first and foremost for me it's the slaw. Hey, I love cole slaw, be it sweet or otherwise. But Primanti's slaw just seems to overpower everything else on their sandwiches, including the fries, which do their own thing trying to battle it out for top taste when mashed in with everything else you have going on between two slices of bread.And, like another reviewer said, the Pittsburgher is just not very good at all due to the mushy, salisbury steak-like quality of the meat. There are a couple other local places around here that use the same kind of meat (Portofino's comes to mind with their hamburger hoagie), and I can't figure out why. Why go this route when you could just use good old ground beef or chuck, fry up a patty and cut it in half? It's bordering on meatloaf here, but meatloaf that's trying to taste like a burger and it's just weird.Other sandwiches I've had here such as the jumbo and cheese fare better. Finding a sandwich that suits your tastebuds might take a few attempts to nailing down the right one. Although, there are plenty here who enjoy it right out of the gate and swear by it. Sometimes hype does indeed work.The next time I visit, I plan on trying the chicken wings, which is a relatively new thing on the menu. I hear they're really good, and I'm a sucker for tasty wings. All in all, Primanti Brothers is a place you'll either love or wind up scratching your head at, wondering what all the fuss is about. I love Pittsburgh and its endless enjoyable food options. I just always feel like I should love Primanti's more since everyone else does.
5	I've been hearing about this place for years and finally made it there today. It was well worth the trip. While not the original location, this location has a great atmosphere, plenty of TV's and a nice outdoor patio. The service was great even during the busy lunch hour, and they bartender took the time to talk about the menu with a newbie like me. ... and the sandwich. I now understand all the hype. The bread is great with a thin crunchy crust and a fresh bread so soft you leave finger prints in it. I had the pastrami and cheese (I was in Pittsburgh) and found that it was very flavorful, and not stringy or tough like pastrami can get. The tomato and shredded lettuce was so fresh I think they slice it for each individual sandwich, which they actually might. Fries on a sandwich is foreign to this Michigan boy, but they are delicious and add a nice texture to the sandwich. Fries on this area (PA - souther Ohio - W. Virginia) are... 1) put on everything, including salads; 2) have the skins on and are cut a little thinner than McD's. The skin crisps up a little, but the rest of the fry stays soft. The coleslaw on the sandwich is... all I can say is Bravo. Not overly dressed, it adds a distinct sweetness I haven't tasted anywhere else. I love my vinegar/Italian dressing/mustard on my sandwiches, any of which were not needed and would actually have ruined the whole thing. I now know why this is a Pittsburgh institution. I am proud to award it my 5 Napkin Award, with all the rights and privileges that go with it.
5	Probably my favorite sandwich ever.   I usually get the Pitts-Burger, and it has always been fantastic.  And while I've never really been a big fan of cole slaw anywhere else, Primanti's slaw has a delicious, unique taste that perfectly compliments everything on the sandwich.  There's not a whole lot more to say. The service at this location has always been good, but it's the 5-star sandwiches that will haunt your dreams (in a good way!) and keep you coming back for more.
1	Service is awful as is the food, greasy pizza that still had the texture of cardboard, undercooked fries.  stay away
3	I basically come to one of Primanti Bros whenever I come to Pittsburgh to visit family. Some of them are different like I know the one in the strip district only has sandwiches. I decided to finally review this restaurant because I really do like the sandwiches and I would actually rate them a 4 or a 41/2 but this location I just had really bad customer service and will not go back to this one when I am in town.The sandwich I had was the black angus steak sandwich I got it with a an egg and and onion. The ratio of the slaw, fries, and meat was perfect. The waitress did however manage to dump my food all over the place when she set down and basically just walked away. The wait was also pretty long even though it was a Tuesday afternoon and it wasn't to busy. The other waitress in the building seem to be doing fine we just kind of got stuck with one that didn't want to be there.Overall the food was good or above average just like any of the the other restaurants I just didn't like the service at this one.
5	Great service excellent food huge portions.  The world famous sandwiches live up to our reputation.  He had corned beef and I had pastrami.  Both were perfect without fuss.   I usually have to add mustard for a sandwich for it to be complete but the vinegar coleslaw balanced all the other flavors nicely. The fresh baked bread was just right for the sandwich but also a great base for their delicious bread pudding.
1	First time in this one and I will never go again. Out of roast beef and hot sausage at 4pm on a Sunday. The kids pizza was terrible. My 5 year old wouldn't eat it. It looked sloppy and tasted crap. I could make better pizza at home.The service was slow and some stuff we ordered never arrived. Worst dining out experience I've had in a long time. My wife said her sandwich was good and mine was ok.Skip this place!
2	Man. This was our second try at this location, the first being The day after St. Patrick's this year. Our son goes to school out here and we have been trying to enjoy local flavor, but this place just doesn't do it for me. I had the pittsburger last time and thought all I could taste was cole slaw, which, while good, didn't allow for any other flavors. Thought we would try again today and had a disappointing visit. To start, We specifically went during a steelers game, as as expected, the place was packed. This was what we wanted, locals!! But sadly, it became very apparent that this location couldn't handle the capacity. The women's toilet overflowed and the bathroom floor was wet, the men's bathroom stunk.  The music was too loud to hear the game, our server was friendly enough but she was swamped and we could tell. We were probably there 2 hours and by the time she realized we needed a second beer, we were 10 minutes from being handed the check. The food was hit and miss. Our chili cheese fries came fast and were disgustingly awesome, but that was the highlight. We waited a half hour for our main meals - pittsburger (son says was great), cheeseburger (husband unimpressed and fries were cold) buffalo chicken burger (they forgot the bleu cheese and the buffalo sauce is sweet!?) a kids cheeseburger that didn't get finished (although she raved about the Dole cup of peaches that she said were "so Fresh!!"... She's 6) and my buffalo wing salad... Eh. Iceberg lettuce, a handful of tomatoes, onions, cucumber... Very basic. Not in love with the sweet buffalo chicken. I mean, just not anything to write home about. Inadequate staffing on game day, gross bathrooms, sub par food, it only gets two stars for the chili fries and the pittsburger. Going elsewhere next time we are in town.
