5	Sam has a great setup at Maduro.  His cigar shop is nestled in Carefree adjacent to a killer wine bar.  Sam has a huge selection of cigars and accessories, and he really knows his stuff. I love cigars, but my pallet is different than the boys, so he is very helpful in guiding me through the vast array of cigars to find the right one for my man (or ex-man, anyway).  He also keeps the old cigar boxes which are great gift idea. Once you buy your cigar, you can take a seat on the sunset facing patio, order yourself a glass of vino from next door, and light up! There are a ton of regulars here and they all congregate on the patio. You can sit off to the side and enjoy some privacy or plop down at the communal seating area and make some new friends.
4	Proprietor himself greets me with a friendly handshake and eye contact, and then some incredibly helpful advice in this splendid humidor of his.  Prices were reasonable for this area, and I was able to enjoy one of my cigars on the patio adjacent to the wine bar.  This is a spectacular place for a smoke in the pleasant weather months, and a great locally owned spot for cigars to take home.  Plenty of character here.  Enjoy places like this while you can.
5	Sam is very friendly when you understand he's just not a typical back slapper. I can't understand the concern regarding selection, his selection of upper grade cigars is excellent. He doesn't carry junk low quality stuff. Prices are in line for a retail store. Example: rocky Patel decade toro, 10.49. Very reasonable. 10.60 online. To me a very good cigar store. 5 stars.
4	Great selection of top grade cigars. Sam the owner is friendly and knows his stuff.There are oversized chairs and couches out front if you want to enjoy our smoke right then.
5	I just discovered this place and love it.  Aside from the usual cigar store expectations of a well-stocked humidor and accessory selection, they have one of the few smoking patios where you can also order drinks and food.The humidor is nicely stocked including a whole bunch of rare items like Liga Privada.  It's packed heavily, but also well organized so you can see and reach everything easily.  Of course, prices are at a premium as expected in every N. Scottsdale/Carefree shop.  They aren't competing with online prices.  Still they are in the range I expect for a good cigar shop.The patio is shared with the restaurant next door, so you can order food and drinks from them.  I'm not sure if they have full bar, but they do have a good selection of beers and wines (by the glass and bottles).  There are fire pits and ceiling fans to help tame the environment.  They also have curtains to seal out the environment if it gets that bad.The atmosphere is super-friendly all around and we got to know the restaurant owner over a cigar.  It's clearly a small-town attitude where everyone knows each other, yet also welcomed us strangers.We'll definitely be back.
