5	Dr. Jordan Hui is the optometrist for the Sam's Club Optical Center. The great news is you do not need a membership to Sam's Club to visit Dr. Hui, just use the entrance to his office on the east side of the building. (You DO need a Sam's Club membership to purchase glasses/contacts from the optical center)I originally started visiting Dr. Hui because his office was close to where I was living at the time, and even without vision insurance the prices for both the exam and contacts was very reasonable. Dr. Hui is friendly and informative, he explained my different options for contacts and let me know ways I could save money on them like rebate offers different brands had available. That is why I continue to go to Dr. Hui every year for my eye exam.
5	Extremely nice doctor. Makes you feel very comfortable. He explains everything to you as he goes along. His prices are very reasonable. We will be back to see him next year!
5	Dr. Hui is an incredible doctor. He is very knowledgable. He explains everything and answers all questions. He saw me as an emergency and did not charge me. He wrote a letter for my employer when I was having an eye problems. He is always pleasant and kind. He goes above and beyond for his patients. I have been going to Dr. Hui for several years and happy to pay out of insurance network to continue to see him. His prices are very reasonable. i can not say enough about how great he is.
5	A good thorough exam is nice but the time Dr. Hui takes to explain what is happening with your vision and how it's affecting the day to day is what makes him exemplary. He wants to educate along with treating you and that means a lot. My husband, my daughter and I have returned for our yearly exams and he is professional, considerate and consistent.
5	As a mother you are always reluctant to bring your child to a new Doctor. My 7 year old woke up with both eyes blood shot and yucky. I was able to make a same day appointment. When we arrived the staff was friendly and the office was clean. The Doctor was so kind to my daughter he made her feel very at ease. He explained what he was doing and took his time. She was very happy at the end of the appointment and so was I. It is so hard to find a doctor that is friendly to their patients and this one was a pleasure. Thank you for your help Dr Hui.
5	Friendly staff, friendly doctor, I think he the best doctor ive ever had since ive been going alot of place to get my eye exam .. I recommend him to everyone plus its cheap no need to get sam club membership to get your eye exam.
