4	I went here the last time I was in Vegas.  It didn't help my poker game at all, but it did make me feel like less of a heathen.Anyways, the patrons of this church with a bit odd, but that could be a characteristic of church goers in Vegas, I only went here, so a sampling set of n=1 usually results in unreliable statistics.The bonus of this church is the 5pm Sunday service.  So I can sleep in, work on alleviating the hang over and still be to church on time (it's a Catholic church, so that means 5:15pm).The weekend masses areSat. 2:30, 4:00, 5:30Sun 8:00, 9:30, 11:00, 12:30, 5:00
4	We're mid-mod and kitsch fans, and the owner of Retro Vegas, a very nice vintage store which we recommend, said this church was a must-see for a unique variation on the faux-woodcut art that was so popular with Catholic publishers in the late 60s and 70s.  It didn't disappoint.  The murals on the outside and the inside and the stained glass scenes had a very retro-futuristic look.  We happened to arrive just as mass was starting, so we stayed and prayed for peace.  As Unitarians we were able to find the progressive message we resonated with.  The sermon was brief and pithy and relevant.  When the service was over, we explored each of the chapels, visited the gift shop, and gave 10 dollars to the poor.  There's a little box with a slit on top for this purpose.  So, go for the art.  Stay for a short ethics lesson.  It's a fine way to pass 45 minutes (including the blissfully short, 30 minute weekday mass).  And don't forget to give to the poor!
3	Really, it's a beautiful little church in the middle of Sin City.  Just attended a wedding there and from the rehearsal to the actual ceremony, the parish is quite helpful and accommodating.  The bride was 1 1/2 hours late for the rehearsal and the priest only got a tad bit impatient! Nice place to take a few moments to pray or seek silence.
5	Thank GOD for this church. It's gotta be the only church that has confession everyday, unlike other churches with confession services once a week. So confession is 1/2 hour before every mass except sundays!
5	Love this church...love it so much I got married here!I've been coming to this church (as a visitor) since I was little girl and what got me at every visit was the first class choir and orchestra at every mass! Just beautiful music! But what would you excpect from a church in the heart of the World Capital of Entertainment?At any rate, if you're a Catholic out of towner and want to get married, and cannot fly/drive in your own priest, then you'll have to do it here. The diocese of Las Vegas is right behind the church and they are the sweetest people ever. They are very strict with their marriage rules and how you can/cannot use the church but its all in good reason as the church is just gorgeous inside to begin with and they are a cathedral and very busy.And because there's a big mix of locals and tourists, you won't feel out of place. At least I never did, and for a church as big as it is, they make you feel very welcomed. Father Larry Lentz, the pastor of the church, married us and totally remembered us when we visited 3 years later. So nice. Tips for your visit: The stainglass mural in the very front/right corner of the church has this AWESOME mural of the strip in flames! But it's so telling of the times because all the casinos named are no longer in existence (except for the stratosphere). Check it out!
5	My family and I went to the Guardian Angel Cathedral when were were on vacation to Las Vegas because it is on the strip near our hotel. The Cathedral was really nice and it's really big compared to regular churches I go to. The people that sing the hymns here have such beautiful voices. They sound so angelic and it's something new and different to me. I like how white the walls were and the beautiful stained glasses on the sides of the cathedral. There were a lot of seats and they have the books there on the seats for you already. They also have more seats on the top, incase they run out of room I believe. :) Also, when they do the readings it reminds me of the church I like to go to when I am back home. It made me feel comfortable that it wasn't that different from my church. Also mass was exactly an hour not later no earlier! I would definitely like to come here again if I do go to Las Vegas.
3	Seeing a Catholic church just off the strop was an interesting site. Inside is also quite interesting. There is a mural behind the alter of angels that looks like a blend of superheros and court jesters from Harrah's. But something that odd fits perfectly within the strange architecture and the fact that the church is in such an strange city like Las Vegas.
5	I just photographed a wedding here and I was very impressed.  It is the closest church I know of to the strip.  If you want to get married at a church and you are visiting from out of town, this is a great choice.  It was nice inside and the wedding went very smooth.
4	11 o'clock mass on Sunday is like going to a Vegas show. Great way to start a Vegas Sunday.
3	Nice little Catholic church. I'm more of a Protestant, but went here two days because I missed most of the service on the first day. One sermon was good, and the other not so good. They have a nice little gift shop inside too.  The location is easy to miss, I made a mental note that it was just pass the Wynn and Encore, and still walked right by it because its set back in a parking lot instead of up front-street side like the other attractions.
4	I can count with one hand how many times I go to church while I'm home in Vegas.  I'm a fan of big gothic churches like the ones in Europe and Vegas has none.  What I do like about this church is the location - it's next to Encore/Wynn so we can easily go to lunch/dinner right before or after mass.The choir and orchestra are amazing and give me goose bumps every time I go.  The priests make jokes and aren't boring.  People who go here are 50% tourists and 50% locals. Holiday mass in the morning are always crowded so plan strategically.Just a reminder to everyone: please turn off your cellphones!
4	A cathedral just off the strip? Nice!One thing about Vegas, you are assured of a very cool interior after that blazing hot sun outside. Spacious with cathedral ceilings (Literally) and stained glass windows that let in filtered light, keeping the entire space very cool indeed. There are two smaller side chapels on the right side, and the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament is all the way to the front, right past the organ/choir area. On the day I was there, a wedding was going on, so I had  to pass everyone to get to it. It made me feel a bit embarrassed to be disruptive. Vigil mass (Saturday) is at 4 pm.Sunday: 8:00 A.M., 9:30 A.M., 11:00 A.M., 5:00 P.M.Excerpted from Lonely Planet: The cathedral is officially the only place for visiting Roman Catholics to get married properly in Las Vegas, at least in the eyes of the church. Read more: http://www.lonelyplanet.com/usa/las-vegas/sights/religious/guardian-angel-cathedral#ixzz2ZDzyAgwtLots of open parking here and easy access from the Strip (Las Vegas Blvd.) and back .
4	Cool Church.  This used to be our "go to" church when we would visit Vegas on the weekends.  It is conveniently located just off the Strip close to the Encore hotel and Wynn hotel.  The cathedral is in the shape of a giant shaped "A".  It is very colorful both inside and outside with the beautiful mosaics.  The church holds over 1000 people (I believe).  Even with all that room, the church always seems to be packed to capacity.Nowadays, we do not come here quite often.  I try to avoid the Strip as much as possible because of all the traffic.If you do want to go to church on the Strip, then the Guardian Angel Cathedral fits the bill.
4	This is the closest church to the Strip and the ones that all of the visitors go to after a weekend of overindulgence.  It is obviously not attended by too many locals, and it is interesting to note that the altar servers are adults.  Makes sense because local families would not tend to make this their home parish.  Under the shadow of the Encore Hotel and Resort, it is a simple cathedral with beautiful stained glass windows.  I most recently attended the 11:00 AM mass and it was a packed house.  During the welcoming, the priest invited us to introduce ourselves to our immediate neighbors and learned that they were from all over the country. There are a ton of volunteers and it is refreshing to see them so involved.  The priest was very welcoming and friendly. The music was lively and it was nice to see so many musicians, including violins and even a xylophone!*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 70/100*
1	This Church is a JOKE...God will understand and forgive me. I called the church and want to inform them that the security thats working in the area has been harassing me everytime i pass (driving my car) there. It was the 3rd time that I have to call police on him. A pastor answer the phone and ask him nicely who i am speaking with, he dont even say his name.Sound like a true professsional huh? After telling him what happened, he told me " Your not suppose to pass the area because its a PRIVATE property" Since when the church of god is a private property? He was not very helpful at all. He sounded like the security guy was doing the right thing. The homeless people that is sleeping at night on the ground by this church makes me feel sick and throw up. I guess the CATHOLIC church nowadays is not for homeless, hungry people anymore..Its for the people who can go to church and give them DONATIONS???...I would rather pray in my home and pray straight to God...I cant handle this so called the servant of god who teaches good things in their homily but monsters in real life...
4	Apparently this Catholic Church has been here forever! It seems like a good place for the transient travelers passing through to redeem themselves before or after a run through Sin City. The church itself is pretty (more so on the inside than the outside). Tons of pews and a high-arched ceiling. I will have to say this Cathedral is somewhat good luck. We got in bumped by another car on LV Blvd, at 4:45pm. We were somehow able to get to the 5pm mass on time after we pulled over, exchanged information, and recorded the incident. The mass also helped relieve a lot of the anger we would have been feeling toward the causer! We came before New Year's and it was PACKED. So much so that they had to open up the balcony for everyone standing in the back. Make sure to come a bit early (as you should!!)
5	I've actually never been to mass here but my Mom has and she found out that they have a gift shop and every time she comes into town, she likes to go in to the shop.Last week we stopped in bc she was looking for something in particular and since I had no idea where and if Vegas had any shops detached from a church we came in on a Tuesday. I think they mentioned that their hours were from the AM hours until 2:00pm.The woman that cares for the gift shop was very sweet and helpful.
4	Just went to Sunday vigil mass here tonight.  It's just a quick taxi ride from Caeser's ($10 ride to be exact, without the tip).  The mass was full, but not overfull which means there was plenty of elbow room.  The people were very friendly and the sermon was extremely thoughtful.  The church is absolutely beautiful and the acoustics with reverberation are incredible!  I have to point out, however, that the church smelled like raw sewage.  I don't know what was going on or if this is something near the area causing the stench, but the smell made it a little difficult to concentrate.
5	This church was amazing, the priest and choir was on point. It's a good church to go to when you're looking for a mass to attend and to go to that's closer to the strip.
5	We always attend Sunday mass at this cathedral everytime we are in LV.  We really love the tall ceiling, stain glass windows and altar design. We always seat at the balcony when possible.  The solo choir male or female signer is always amazing and the voice is really angelic.  Since we donate at the casinos, we never fail to donate to church too.
