3	How could I pass this up. FREE Grand Slam breakfast to anyone showing up from 6am-2pm.This is Vegas so anytime there FREE food to be found people crawl out from under their rocks and show up.Knowing this I went early at 6am to this location across from the College of Southern Nevada in the Wal-mart shopping center.When I arrived it was fairly busy but no line or wait.Service was fast & friendly they were very excited about the big promotion.We ordered coffee & water-we both got scrambled eggs,2 bacon,2sausage linkss and 2 pancakes.They food was pretty good. Fresh and hot but still just fast food. I like my bacon crispier and I like hashbrowns instead of pancakes but what they hell it's FREE,right?The service was really good so we tipped $5 and spent $5 on coffee for 2 people NOT Bad. By the time we ate & paid there was a line out the door and past the first 3 stores in the shopping center. I drove by again around Noon and the line was still out the door.I did not let that deter me...........read my other review
2	Not busy and the service is bad we sit here for 10 mins before they get our drink order and then after we order it takes 40 mins to get our food.  Not a good day at dennys
1	I've been here twice and both times it was awful. I can't find anything good to say. On the last visit, and it WILL be the last, I had the following problems: (1) the table was dirty and it took THREE requests to get the wait staff to clean it (2) it took a very long time to get our food even though the place had few people in it (3) the food was cold (4) the orders were not complete (5) the food was not good. How on earth to you make a bad egg? (5) the waitress was highly annoying. If you are forced to choose between not eating and going to this Denny's, I earnestly suggest you consider the benefits of fasting.
1	Went here around 10 on a Friday night. They were slow and brought our food out at separate times. I was almost done when my sisters came out. She ate half of her $4 chicken wraps when I could see something red under her chips. I moved them to find used chewing gum sitting under her food. When we told the waitress she said "you guys were chewing gum when you came in weren't you?". We weren't chewing gum on our way in and to prove to lady it wasn't ours I pulled out my pack of mint gum.  I didn't pay for our two meals that totaled a whopping $8. But I was insulted that she thought I was trying to get out of $8 meal by putting my used chewing gum on her plate.
2	I go to the College of Southern Nevada just right across the street, so naturally, I had to go try this place out. What attracted me was that because I'm a CSN student, I'm given the chance at a discount when I show my student ID. So, awesome right? Good food and at a good price. At least, so I expected.I've gone to this Denny's a handful of times with a different set of friends, so I know that something has definitely been going down.Just earlier today was my last visit. I went with a good friend of mine after getting out of class. The lady in the back simply said, "Good evening, please take a seat anywhere on the right side." Of course, while a group of four who were probably students too were sitting in a booth on the far left. Hm, not a big deal, I guess; it wasn't busy after all.So, we both take a seat. She hands us our menus and asks us first what we want to drink. Ten minutes later, she comes back with glasses and she takes our order, as we politely tell her thank you, and says that she'll "have it out soon." So we sit back and talk. And talk. And, talk some more. Note: We had both gotten in at about approximately 6:15 PM. At 6:40, my friend and I begin to wonder what had been taking our food so long, as he loudly sipped on an empty glass of water with no waitress to refill it.At around 6:50, she comes back and gives us our food. Imagine how cold my Smothered Cheese Fries felt when I ate it, and to my dismay, how ridiculously small the portion was for five dollars. My friend got the Biscuits and Gravy. Keep in mind, these are two very simplistic dishes; not much to add in, so why did it take so long? I wouldn't know how fast the chef cooked it, but oh, we could only guess that this waitress took centuries to get it to our table.Not to mention, my friend was promised another glass of ice water. As soon as we finish eating, there's been no sight of her walking anywhere near or past us. We practically had to march our way over to the front area just to get the bill because we could only bet that he would've been late to his class if we didn't do it.The previous time that I came here before tonight, the lady who gave us our check was practically harassing us with some kind of an attempt at a guilt-trip by going, "I see you didn't leave a tip. Was our service bad?" Oh man, I bit my tongue. You didn't know how badly I wanted to say it, too.Another time that I had, we didn't have utensils on our table for forty minutes. Our food had come in ten minutes prior. And, not to mention, I had to stop eating just because my refill didn't come in for what felt like hours.Still not convinced that this place is run by a nut job? My friend who I went with today overheard the waitress whispering under her breath about how "crowded" it was. This location is a very spacious building, but believe me, and I kid you not, there were only four other groups of people in tables aside from my friend and myself. Clearly, this woman has never seen a true lunch rush like I have, and many others.But anywho, you want to know the moral of this story? Unless you're such a die-hard for Denny's that you don't care when you get it as long as if you get it, then save some time and DON'T go to this location. You'll wait for hours and be treated horribly as a customer, if even as a person at all.If I didn't enjoy Denny's food so much, I would've seriously given this place a star. Maybe even zero. Never again.
5	as good as it gets for the dennys ihave been to in nevada super nice if you think they are bad go to the dennys on sahara and see what bad customer service is!
1	WHAT A DIFFERENCE YOUR STAFF MAKES! What happend to the cute girl in the front? After being interrupted several times for my phone order as to my surprise the older woman on the phone read it back correct. Although when i picked up my food there was a hoard of people waiting too be seated, a pizza hut delivery guy waiting to drop of their food, and myself. The people standing to be seated were greeted and seated leaving my self staring at my yummy food getting cold and the delivery guy wondering if he was going to get yelled at by the next customer for taking too long. About ten minutes later a girl from the back came out got her pizza and finally relieved the delivery guy of waiting and several minutes after that i was finally greeted and given my food. The woman in the front asked me to check the order to make sure it was correct. Well my prime rib skillet i carb consciously chose (seeing that my hubby eats the hash browns) ended up being there fully loaded potato prime rib skillet. Simple mistake that is easily forgiven except i was not short of being called a liar about what i ordered instead of them fixing their mistake And then she told me i should ve ordered that because it is cheaper. My Slam burger was smashed and the egg was broken leaving my burger bun soggy and when i asked them to fix it they told me i should ve ordered the egg differently than sunny side up like in the picture (yet i never had this problem before). After she couldn't convince me that i wanted more carb filled potatoes and a soggy burger they took my food and replaced it with what i had asked for. I apologized for the inconvenience I BROUGHT THEM and told them the other to-go containers were much better and perhaps that was the reason the egg broke....she then told me they never had different containers and she didn't know what i was talking about and after getting my food from the cook apologized that they could no longer afford the other containers offered me her card and a free entree WOW!!!!!Upon be completely insulted and lied to i told her to keep the card because i will not return there again.  When will people learn honesty is the best policy and just because someone walks in your place young and in sweats it doesn't mean they are an idiot or less of a person!!!!!! THATS WHY I ORDERED MY FOOD TO GO duh!
1	I wish I could give them zero stars. They are so rude I can not believe they are still in business. We only went there because we were on vacation and not familiar with the area and our Navigation system routed us to this one. I normally go online before picking a place to eat and check the reviews but my family was hungry and we were on vacation. We were sat down by the very nice hostess who got yelled at in front of my family by the soon to be known rude manager. I can't even say how we were talked about by the manager and our server because it would be flagged as inappropriate  and I do not swear because I have manners. Yes you heard it right the server was talking about us to all of her co workers so loud we could hear here and embarrassing as other customers sat there just in shock as we were. Then my family and I were held captured there because I am guessing the manager called the police because I did not want to pay for one of our meals even though it was not eaten because it tasted bad. It is Denny's and we did not expect 5 star treatment but have a little common decency for your customers. I did end up paying for the full bill because I did not want to wait for the police to come to get  one meal taken off and it took forever for the police to come so maybe the police know this restaurant and took their time because of a manager using the police for non emergencies. Oh and we got yelled at by the manager that we must be from LA... Yes she is right we are from LA and I guess we are too demanding to ask to be treated with respect and to pay for food that we can actually eat. Oh the manager told us she was calling the metro all loud in front of everyone... I wanted to tell her the metro is the bus and subway station in LA!! not the police LOL... STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE TREATED BAD AND GET THE POLICE CALLED ON YOU FOR BAD SERVICE...
5	Absolutely amazing customer service and great food!!! I went to another establishment just before arriving here and let me tell you this place has got the goods HANDS DOWN!!! The wait staff was great.... The food came out promptly and delicious!!! When I return to Vegas again this yr I will definately return to this place!
4	Now a days, you can build your own grand slam.  When my husband and I want to eat breakfast out and are trying to stick to a low carb diet, we'll often try it here.  Picking out four items to add to eggs made your way, makes it easy for us. At this location, the food is good, the service is good and the price is even better.
3	Let's make that 3.5 stars to be fair. This place isn't exactly a 'wow' but it isn't 'meh' either. I came here with a group of good friends from English class from Spring semester for a little reunion. It's conveniently located right across school (College of Southern Nevada) and I ended up shared an order of 1 small sampler and the Tilapia Ranchero while our other 2 friends had the Macho Nacho Burger and the $4 pancakes respectively. Customer service was fairly accomodating and our server was patient enough to give us some time to make up our minds on what we wanted (and boy were did we take a while on that) Our orders arrived promptly and I couldn't help but chuckle a little at my friend with the Macho Nacho Burger. While battled his way into it, he noticed the sauce dripping on his fries and went 'Look! It's chilly cheese fries in the making!' The sampler was crisp, just right as an evening appetizer after a long day at school and the Tilapia Ranchero was a pleasant addition to the meal. My only concern is how our booth table didn't seem big enough for 4 people, especially for students who may have books/folders with them. All in all, it was a delightful experience, the food was good and the atmosphere felt very American per say. Would probably go back if my friends are in the mood for a stack of calories for replenishment.
3	I'm rating this based on it being.. well.. a Denny's. I feel like for any chain, you already know what to expect, so you just rate them based on the variance of each location. No one is going to see a five star Denny's rating and assume it's in line with Robuchon.This location suits me just fine for a cup of severely mediocre coffee before school. I get my own booth to spread my books out for a last minute study cram and the waitresses are always efficient and smiling, especially Kelly! The older lady who works up front is incredibly friendly- pinching babies cheeks kind of friendly. She has that old school diner feel.All of the food ranges from mediocre to fairly gross. I'm pretty sure they don't have any unprocessed cheese in the house. The toast is like.. cardboard. I don't even know. They do have some healthier options clearly marked on the menu and that's what I always go for, even though they're all variations of egg whites, spinach and cherry tomatoes with fresh fruit.I like to pretend I'm eating healthy when I come here, and maybe elsewhere I actually would be had I ordered the same thing - but here, the spinach always comes saturated in grease. It usually comes barely wilted, and while that's just how I like it.. it makes the grease even more uncalled for.I wouldn't recommend a Denny's probably ever, but for my last minute school needs, it fits the bill well. The service makes up for the food.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 18/100I thought that perhaps dining here with another set of friends might shift my perspective on the restaurant and maybe even enhance my experience. However, I believe 3.5 seems just about right. That morning, my friend and I decided to get something heavy and carb-filled to prep ourselves for classes (and the eventual brain drain that came with it). I got a banana caramel french toast skillet that came with 2 sunny side eggs and bacon (with an alternative choice of sausage) for about $8. Service wasn't as swift as I would've expected and food was good, but not outstanding. Also, I felt like the restaurant might've been a little understaffed that day. Not a one person came up to our table despite my friend and I raising our hands in hopes of asking a question or two. Don't get me wrong though, the remaining staff did try very hard to accommodate the quick-filling tables and I appreciate their patience and cheerfulness.
4	Open 24 hours so you always have a place to drag your drunk ass to when you get the munchies. Depending on which location you go to, the service is pretty great, the waiters and waitresses are nice. Except at the location on Charleston by CSN, they're pretty grouchy there. I guess I could complain about the people that eat here, but there's not much to be done about that, cause there's assholes everywhere you go.The food is great, especially the slam meals, and I liked when they had the Hobbit menu, those red velvet pancake puppies were a work of genius. I wish they would bring them back cause I'd eat them everyday and gain 30 pounds. On second thought, maybe a good idea they got rid of them.
3	It's Denny's. So.... really not much to say about it other than this location in right by CSN Charleston, and therefore is usually full of hungry college kids looking for a cheap meal. Though, it really isn't cheap when you consider what you are getting. I got a skillet meal thing that was so not worth 7$, and it came with the lovely snotty mood of our waitress. The only thing they really have going for them that is not like Ihop would be their bacon thing right now, where they add bacon to EVERYTHING, including a brownie sundae, for whatever morbid reason.
1	Someone should send the health inspectors into this place because I never have been in a situation where I almost SHIT MY PANTS AFTER EATING for the SECOND WEEK IN A ROW!I don't know if its the mocha drizzled coffee, or the grand slam I ordered. But I had a major case of the number 2 emergency around 20 minutes after consuming the food. This happened not ONCE but TWICE!The first time it happened, I was like, okay... maybe the kitchen was busy breaking down for closing and perhaps they unknowingly undercooked the food. However, there was almost no one in the restaurant, it was just me and my girlfriend at the time inside, and a another couple that was already finishing their meal. But you know what, for the SECOND TIME, both me and my gf had to run into the bathroom at College of Southern Nevada after consuming the food. I was humiliated after I was caught up by my friends who was taking their sweet assed time telling their long fucking story to me. Like, my ass is BURNING with anticipation to drop these fiery bombs in the toilet, and these fuckers that I know didn't realize the EMERGENCY I was in!I had to excuse myself to go to the bathroom, but even the follow-up experience in the stall was painful and miserable. Like, my stomach STUNG like crazy while I was blowing up the bathroom. And it flowed out just like water!That night, I made 4 more trips to the restroom during my night class.Seriously, send in the fucking health department! I too, work in a restaurant as a line cook, and regardless of whether or not it is a Fast Casual Dining or a Breakfast Spot, experiences like this is NOT FUCKING ACCEPTABLE.
1	I've been coming to this placeFor a while now but the service keeps getting worse and worse.After walking out on two occasions, decided to give them a third chance. It took 10 minutes just to order drinks, couple of minutes later they brought the drinks and asked for our order again. The staff fights in front of the customers and it seems like everyone is having a bad day, definitely regret the decision.
2	The service here BITES! I hate to be mean, but seriously if there are only two tables busy we should  NOT have to do the coffee dance to get refills!  We have waited for up to 15 minutes to have someone come to our table, and will only go when they have Hobbit Breakfast at this point, or drive Hell and gone to the other Dennys. Unless you can't get to another just skip this place.
2	I use to love to eat a Dennys, but my recent experience was not how I remembered it. The service is slow and the food is nothing special for its prices. The staff act like they are doing us a favor by bring us food we ordered. I will say stay away from here unless you like slow service and cheap food with good food prices.
2	Brandi is the server on weekdays. Therefore you should eat here on weekends or holidays. One coffee refill, and there were only four tables in the whole place, she wasn't even the only server! The food was fine but one plate was cold, and no one asked, except the manager at the end, he didn't seem concerned when we said everything was simply "Ok". The Pumpkin Coffee, which we have ordered several times, suddenly doesn't come with refills unless you pay, and she didn't tell us until after we drank the first cup. She did condescend to refill the cup with regular coffee, but let us know what an inconvenience it was for her. Brandi sneezed several times, without covering her mouth, and never washed her hands. I'm sure she has a personality.... No I'm not, I'm not sure at all. Final answer, ask for a different server, or drive to the one on Sahara.
1	Horrible costumer services!! Especially to students! You would think that they would treat everyone with respect , but sadly they do not! Even though they weren't busy at all... the server lack the most important part of her job, which was costumer service.This location is across from the campus and it's horrible. Pick somewhere else to study and get lunch/dinner at trust me!You will feel definitely unwanted here.
2	Visited here with a friend on a Friday afternoon. It was pretty slow inside, not too many people. Yet I felt like we waited around more than we needed to. There was only one waiter to service everyone there. Food was ok , nothing special.
2	The host was awesome ! He's funny but pur server was quite anyways we ordered our food it wasn't even packed yet we waited 35 min !  When our food got here we were  disappointment  my plate the hearty breakfast skillet did not even come hot and it looked nothing like the picture I barely got any potatoes it did have flavor only wished I had more .
1	After 10 PM they stop serving mashed potatoes. Service is usually slow. The cooks don't really know how to cook properly. Not impressed at all. If you want a sit down late night, go to Arizona Charlie's.
1	Don't go late night ...ughFood was absolutely horrible.Sad thing is our service was incredible. The waiter belongs at a much nicer restaurant.
5	Just had lunch there with my little brother. My little brother has really long blonde hair, which sometimes gets mistaken for a girl. It's fine. It's a common mistake. Anyway, we sat down at our table and everything was fine. The host was wonderful and made us feel welcome. Our waitress comes over and starts calling both of us miss and ladies. I politely informed her that my little brother was infact, not a girl, because I could see it was bothering him. The waitress just stared at me with the blankest look and rudely said, "okay..." No sorry. No laughing it off. Nothing! She then took our drink/food and I didn't even want a drink at that point, I just wanted to leave. We sat there deciding what to do. My little brother said he was okay an wanted to stay. I wasn't having it. I finally nicely asked the host if he could cancel our order, since my waitress was going to every other table but mine. I could tell the host was concerned and asked us if we just wanted to move to another section and he would personally take care of us. My little brother and I agreed. We went to the section of the waitress we had last time we went there. She was so nice and remembered our exact order! The host kept coming over to check on us and kept making my little brother laugh. I finally told him what the problem was with the first waitress. He was shocked! I'm giving it a 5 star because everything else was wonderful, beside the first waitress. Some people aren't meant to work with customers. She should find a new job. Wish I got her name, so I could warn all of you!!
5	We went there Saturday morning on our way to Lake Mead so we were looking for something decent that wouldn't take forever. We definitely got what we wanted! The service was actually excellent, very attentive and friendly. The food was about as good as Denny's gets, I liked the eggs and sausage. The bacon didn't have a ton of meat and the pancakes were just a bit dry. Everything's relative! Highly recommended if of course you like Denny's.
2	Food took forever and came out burnt and incorrect. The only redeeming quality was that the place looked clean.
2	The service here was bad. Just right off the bat. I don't usually go to chain restaurants but I was craving a good old fashioned breakfast sandwich and thought, why not. The food was alright. What I had expected. but oh my goodness. I will give a restaurant the benefit of the doubt on bad service if it was busy but the entire restaurant only had 3 groups in it and we ended up having to get up and find someone to help us. I could see my food in sitting in the window for 10min before it was brought out to us. I doubt I will come back.
1	This place is horrible! I took my son here Saturday because the cracked egg was way to packed. So I thought Denny's wouldn't be so packed. Got here and it was busy but not like the other restaurant. Waited thirty minutes and got to a booth that another party left for because there was still trash under the booth. I just thought I waited this long so I'll ask for them to remove it. Fourty minutes for food!!! Then another table which was cleaned by a busser had old food from another party under it. I had to ask for three separate silver wares because they all had food. I told manager and he didn't seem to care and offered me a five dollar off coupon for my next visit!!!!! I told him it wasn't necessary because ill never return. DONT GO HERE!!!!
