3	Been to this store a handful of times, it is ALWAYS packed.  It is about 20 mins or so before someone can help you.  They do not have a system to keep track of who is next.  It can seem cause confusion sometimes.  But when you do get help, the employees are very knowledgeable.  They know all the ins and outs on all the phones.  So, you need to wait for great service...
1	I was assisted by Richard Phipps.  Although he seemed nice and eager to help, he failed to provide me with honest service.  I asked what it would cost to add another line to the existing account and he said $25 + tax and fees.  I said, "great, anything else"? I asked because, as a former employee of sprint, I new there would be an activation fee.  Maybe he didn't want to lose the sale or didn't know exactly what I was asking.  But he said "no".  Fine.  He then asked if I wanted to add Insurance and I said "no thank you".  Knowing that I had to consent to an agreement, I waited to sign something.  He quickly handed me a receipt because the transaction was done and he began to set up my phone. He failed to set it up and sent me to a different store. Frustrated with his service, I just called customer support and they helped me get my phone activated.  It wasn't until my first bill that I realized that he had added the insurance anyway.  Poor service from Richard.  I'm sure he's pressured by making sales goals and this is why I quit that horrible job.  If you want to save yourself a headache, do everything online.  I know it's not ideal for immediate service but Reps Like Richard are only interested if you're there to spend money.
1	Horrible service. Just unbelievable. The manager tries but he will disappear. I waited two hours to be helped I had a quick question. No I waited two hours and the guy was helping people who just came in! It's like hello I'm right here! Finally I was helped but the guy wasn't pleasant and couldn't help me. It took him 5 min to send me away! Two hours wasted!!!!! I came in the next day and waited an hour and a half and they were packed again and I just wanted to return the iPhone 6. I cancelled service with sprint after 24 hours because of horrible service and they couldn't even wave my restocking me. How horrible, I was happy to get the hell out of this store. Torturing me for two days. Never will join sprint or come here again. The workers and this store make me sick!!!
