4	Good for the money.Being a guy, I've gone to a salon once and just don't need to spend $$$$ to get my hair cut.Not every cut over the years has been great but then again I didn't see the need to say "butchered" either.  More often than not I've gotten a cut that works well for me.Caveat:  I rarely stick to the same location for cuts so I can't blame anyone but myself for the occassional odd cut as I have three cowlicks.  So...if you find a good stylist stick with them if possible and you can laugh at your friends who pay five to six times you did for the clip !
3	the place is ok. i got a horrible blowdry & style service from a couple of stylists except for one in particular, paula.i have been getting consistently good hair services from paula for a few mos now. i would recommend paula over the salon itself.
4	My husband comes here and gets his hair cut. The girls always do a good job. The unfortunate thing is every time my husband likes one particular hairstylist they move them to another store! This store is right down the street from us and he doesn't like to follow the around. The store is usually clean and we like the hair products they sale. There usually is a wait. So I would suggest to go very soon after they open. They are open 7 days a week. We will be back.
4	While #2 might live dangerously and hit on a 17, I also like to live dangerously and get my hair cut at Supercuts. Although, as it turns out, it's not really that dangerous. Hi-Rollers was closed and I was desperate for a cut, so I looked for the closest place I could find on Eastern. Oh, hello Supercuts. Shopping center parking was easy enough. There was one stylist working and luckily no one else was in the place at the time so I sat right in the chair. She was nice, chatty and had me in and out in a flash. Sure, I only got a fade and a bit off the top, but I've seen that BUTCHERED before. If you're ever in an emergency cut situation, on Eastern Ave, have a meeting in 25 minutes and enjoy tangerines (optional), then this Supercuts will do you just fine. Cut Time: 15 min. Price: $15. Hair: Exquisite.
