1	I will do anything or use any excuse not to go to this place. I hate dealing with all the people here and the staff. If I wanted to be judged, I would rather go to church.
2	Man you people were hard on this review.  While I agree it does not  have 5 star credentials lets look at it for what it really is.  For a neighborhood that is not overflowing with choices, it serves it's purpose.  Lets be honest there are not a lot of options in the area of  17Th Ave and Van Buren for coffee shops let alone cool coffee shops.  If you happen to work or play in this area and need a decent cup of coffee that's not served by corporate America this is the place.  Additionally, this place has vegetarian and vegan choices for lunch at a reasonable price.
4	I don't understand why everyone is giving this local coffee shop such a hard time.  I have been a patron for years and have few complaints.  Sure sometimes their credit card machine is down, I would NEVER eat the food, and the new local is kind of shady, but hands down the coffee is delicious and addicting. It's no Seattle, but neither is Phoenix! This place is laid back with character and non a pretentious staff.  It's not Lux (thank God), and it is not Starbucks (x2)..It's simply a great place to catch up with a friend, study, read, or grab an afternoon pick-me-up.The new area is a little sketchy and every time I have been there I have been asked for change or a smoke, I just started saying no..My drink rec: a sugar free, chai charger, with water...little calories, lots of charge, and very tasty!
4	I have a notion that over time the reviews for this place will get significantly more positive.  It just needs some time time to infuse into its new surrounding ... because this is all I'm really gathering why people have the most beef with the Willow House.  The building is interesting and quaint, which is suitable for an indie coffee house and a pretty killer lawn out in front.  The coffee itself is above average.  I'm not particularly blown away or anything ... but then, no coffee REALLY blows me away anyhow.  I'll drink motor oil if the place has a cool vibe and is local and is some sort of vehicle for the local arts.  Willow caters to all three of these requirements. Plus, they DO have a delicious drink -- their Chai Charger -- basically a Chai latte with a shot of espresso ... hot or cold seems perfect for sitting on their patio and smoking Parliaments.I wish they would bring back their afternoon happy hour.  Those large Chais were $3.
2	This was my first visit to the Willow House and most likely my last... especially at night.  The area is a bit iffy, which I knew coming in, but to highlight that concern when I showed up a set of police officers were there escorting a homeless guy off the property and throughout the night homeless people would come using their bathroom as a washroom.  I did however enjoy the food and entertainment (the main reason I came), but I'm not sure it was enough to make me come back a second time.
3	The Willow House has lots of unrealized potential.It looks like a hostel as much as it does a coffeehouse from the approach.  I was expecting to see a garden variety of drifting McCrustersons sprouting from the porch and was queerly disappointed when there was not.The interior is run-of-the-mill ordinary.  The menu is pretty lean for breakfast; muffin, bagel, or something like a muffin or something like a bagel.My friend and I got bagels and cream cheese. Her with coffee and I with earl grey.  The bagel was not really toasted enough and the cream cheese was 2 prepackaged "PHILADELPHIA" pouches dropped on my plate.  Jen said the coffee was ok and I suppose I could say the same about my earl grey--simply a tea bag in a mug of hot water.Despite the subparness of the eats and drinks, there are a few things that are really positive about The Willow House.  Such as:+++Free Wi-Fi+++Not only free, but blazing fast Wi-Fi and no silly password or time limits.+++Vinyl Digging+++Their is a coat closet filled with 12" albums covering a good range of musics and qualities POOR to VERY GOOD and maybe some NEAR MINT if you really dig. The price was reasonable too with $1 per one or $6 for an entire crate (50+ LPs)!!!+++Local Resource+++The local rag is there as well as flyers for DIY shows and even a Crispin Glover speaking event.  This is pretty ordinary, but still always commendable when these types of resources are getting fewer and fewer with big box infiltration.  Not every biz allows free advertising space for DIY artists and musicians.+++Outdoors***Red picnic tables are scattered around in the side lawn of The Willow.  True that in Phoenix, comfortable outside dining time is limited. Near these tables there is also this wall comprised of beautiful metal panels all colorfully weathered, rusted, and corroded.  Perhaps I am biased with my unorthodox rust-belt view of what true beauty is.--But I find it so and i write so and so it is.***Cats***I am a gigantic catfag in every way.  Outside, next to the picnic tables there was a concrete garden bench and under this bench was. EEEEEKKKK!!!  A mussy mess of black and white cat keeping her cool.  She was a very skanky looking cat and I was smitten.  I instantly made her a little song as I sung to her and took photos . I think, "Dusty Desert Skanky Cat" was part of the lyrics and it was a tad Pete Seger sounding.  I later learned that that was a momma cat that the employees of The Willow House named Thundercat and there are other cats that climb a tree to bathe in the morning.  Yeah, I can see myself returning for the pussy and pussy alone.I hope that The Willow House uses these posi things to build themselves a better tomorrow.
3	I was driving around yesterday and found myself at the Willow House... I pulled up and noticed that not much has changed. The cool kids (now called hipsters :) are still sitting out front talking to loud about how cool they are, how much they know about the local art and music scene, questioning authority and all that jazz.  Ahh the memories this place brings back - Was it really over 15 years ago that I too was sitting outside in my 12 hole doc martins chain smoking cigs or cloves, reading poetry and listening to my friend play some damn right beautiful acoustic on the guitar?... I ventured in and the smell immediately made me nostalgic... Is that incense supposed to smell like a sewer? I ordered an iced latte and it was drinkable, nothing great, but alright. I can see why everyone bags this place, but I still have a soft spot in my heart for it. The big difference is now instead of writing in a journal people are typing away on laptops. Yes the coffee is not great and the staff is a bit rude, but it still has it's charm. If you're looking for free wifi, great beans and a upscale atmosphere go to Lux. If you want to get down and dirty and people watch Willow house is still the best spot.
2	So I remember 12 years ago walking into the Willow House and being stunned at how cool I was for being at such a cool place. We drank coffee, listened to some guitar playing hippy and drank our lattes as we smoked our cloves. I was at the top of game as a freshman in high school. Fast forward to today, the place is still basically the same. Cool teenagers will be in awe of how cool they really are just being there. But in reality the coffee is just ok, the food barely edible, and the people mostly annoying. If you want real coffee and a much better atmosphere, find somewhere else, Phoenix has so much more to offer.
3	I just might be a little bit parshall to the willow house. I hung out there when i was in high school and even after 8 years i still love it. The atmoshere and makes up for where its lacking in taste. If you are looking for somewhere to go just hang out and people watch, this is your place. Go get your drink, listen to the live music and look at the local art work displayed. If you want amazing coffee, i'd pass.
4	There will always a place in my heart for the Willow House, regardless of it's location.  I like their iced tea, the employees and owners are great people.To Anthony who commented on the homeless people...I met one of my best friends at Willow...a homeless kid.  Homeless people are just people that don't have a home.  At least they're trying to wash up, lol.  The employees just let people be and don't kick them out unless they bother other people...sounds like a great philosophy...this isn't Snottsdale, don't try to make it something it's not.To the girl that commented that the bathroom was icky and she assumed that the employees couldn't wash their hands...I'm sure they fixed the sink water pressure when they could (it's not a multi-million dollar operation) and the employees wash their hands there, and again at a wash station in the kitchen...then they wash their hands again before they make food.  It's just a really old place & kind of laid back, but not gross.  Willow House is like hanging out at home, but with interesting characters that come and go throughout the day.  I've met an incredible variety of wonderful people there over the years, and have made many friends there.
5	Anyone who doesn't like willow house should be taken out back and shot... or at  the every least bared from ever returning.In the world of impersonal bravia-venti-tazo-breve-who-gives-a-fuck-shit-tasting trendy coffee slung by people who don't know the difference between drip and press an independent art house-esque bohemian bastion of sanity serving great coffee should be lavished with praise. I can not tell you how many nights i have spent here, at least once a weak for open mic night at which the young Dylans of the phoenix music scene would come to play song after song to a packed room. Now this was no "Lilith Fair woman singing about her blooming flowers" open mic night but rather a collection of some of the more talented artists not signed to record labels. Itunes Andrew Jackson Jihad, an amazing indie band no one has heard of and they would always be there to melt our faces with folksy goodness. There was local art and handmade products for sale everywhere, some nights they would screen movies, you could curl up in the dark with some tea and a cute girl watching a good flick.  Some of my better phoenix memories are found here accompanied by close friends immersed in the closest i have come to being part of any "art scene."  Willow literally embodied the bohemian spirit or as close as anything can come in our corporately mandated times, I am not sure if it moved or closed but it wouldn't be the same even if i tried to go back anyways, you cant ever go back.
