3	Here in Las Vegas for a convention.  Very nice and newly built economical hotel located just across I-15 from Mandalay Bay.  The King Suite had a perfect sleeping/working area combination with added microwave and refrigerator.  Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast is not glamorous but an adequate start to the day with make your own waffles, egg-cheese-bacon microwave breakfast sandwiches, cereal, toast, yogurt and fruit.   Located adjacent to a Marriott Courtyard and Marriott Residence Inn.  I will definitely stay here again for business or pleasure as is a nice break from the glitz.  However a shuttle to the casinos is available through the front desk.
3	Friendly, clean, comfortable room, good coffee at breakfast.  Very convenient to Town Square and Outlet Mall shopping if you've got a rental car.
4	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights for a girls weekend getaway. We had a great rate for a room that wasn't necessarily the most spacious room, but considering we came to Las Vegas to go out to the strip most of the day/night, we didn't mind. My favorite thing about this hotel are the EXCEPTIONAL front desk agents (Ryan, Korina, and Jeff!!!) They were each sooo helpful and sooo welcoming. Ryan checked us in and was very laid back and genuine (not over the top friendly/fake how some front desk agents can be).  Korina was very helpful and sweet when we needed to add an additional room for some friends. She made sure the check in process would go smoothly for our friends and she even was able to get our rooms close to each other. One night after a long night of clubbing, we got back at around 5am and Jeff the night auditor was sooo funnny and friendly to us even though we all must have looked like a hot mess. He even sent up some muffins to our room even though the COMPLIMENTARY BREAKFAST hadn't even started yet. Overall this trip was just perfect and especially beacause of the staff and COMFY beds at the Fairfield Inn and Suites Las Vegas. Thanks again for a pleasurable stay. I've stayed at this hotel  a few times now and I know I will be back soon!
3	Rooms have kind of an awkward lay out, but it is fine.  Bed is comfortable and hotel seemed reasonably clean.  The cool part about this hotel, it can generally be had for a decent rate or on the low end of Marriott Points and it is not far from the strip.  On a night like New Years Eve when the strip is closed (you cannot get a taxi or shuttle), you can walk.  I would normally just take a cab, but I successfully made the walk from Planet Hollywood (center strip) to this hotel.  It took me about an hour to walk it in case you are curious. Other than that, the hotel is decent and gets my stamp of approval.
3	You get what you pay for.  Not fancy but clean.  Great front desk, great complimentary breakfast.
3	Came in to visit client's for 3 nights. They offer shuttle service every half an hour to Mandalay Bay if your without a ride.The rooms are suites and include a small living room, mini frig and microwave. The bed was mushy soft and the workout area is weak due to lack of equipment and is very small.The lobby has several computers for printing of e tickets and they offer limited complimentary bfast although I passed on the bfast each day.The staff at the front desk were friendly and they gave me complimentary water bottles which was nice. I'm not sure if I'll stay here again but this was a reasonable place to stay without walking through smoke filled casinos.
2	Room was ok.  A/C was super loud and annoying.  I had picked this place figuring to be away from the airport and the noise but whats the use?  The A/C was like having someone vacuuming the room constantly.  Trash cans didn't have liners so we threw in some grocery bags to line them.  Yeah, make the jobs of the cleaning crew a bit easier.Bathrooms needed a good bleaching.  The grout had mildew growing and felt icky.Bed was nice but the pillows were all too thick.  I guess I could have asked if they had lower ones but eh, why bother.Breakfast was average.  One waffle maker for everyone.  Sausage patties seemed like they were over steamed or something.  I wish they fried them up on a griddle.Front desk people were super friendly and the check in/out process was a breeze.  Pay with points!
4	Stayed here for 3 days last week and had a decent stay.  I stayed in one of the two queen bed rooms and it was decent & clean.  Used the jacuzzi for a short stint, wasnt the best but not the worst ever.  Could have been hotter.  The free wifi was okay but not super fast...what do you expect for free though.  The major plus to this hotel was the water pressure though.  It is always a pet peave of mine for hotels but this place was almost as good as my pressure at home and the water was nice and hot!  Thanks for a decent stay!
5	I stay here frequently.  The hotel is always clean and quiet.  I recently left a tablet device in my room when I checked out.  I called the hotel from the airport (Friday morning) and said tablet was delivered to my doorstep on Monday morning. Talk about customer service! The complimentary breakfast offers a little bit for everyone...eggs, sausage, fresh fruit, cereal and yogurt. If you are looking for a quiet hotel off of the strip this is a great place to stay for the night.
2	Pros convenient location, free shuttle to Manday, free internet , free breakfast, in room coffee.Cons. Small room, thin walls( could hear the neighbors every word  on their phone, and they weren't yelling) rubbery eggs at breakfast, noisy room air conditioner .You have to chose what's important to you. I'll pass on this property next time.
5	I flew into Las Vegas for an interview I had the next day. I told the person at the front desk I would be arriving late, and they acknowledged it. I only had to walk a block and a half to this hotel from a bus stop (public transit) from the Chevron gas station nearby. I told the hotel I needed a taxi to get to my interview, they were right on it and called my room just after it arrived. The front desk person's name was Cynthia, she is top of the line and on the ball.
4	No bar in the hotel but you can walk across the parking lot to the Marriott Courtyard and they have a bar that opens at 5:00 p.m.  They also have a laundry room available for guests to use, I thought that was great considering we were stuck In town another day with a suitcase full of dirty clothes.  Pretty good FREE continental breakfast includes; Fresh waffles, eggs, assorted cereal, bagels, coffee, sausage etc.
3	Pretty average room. It served it's purpose for a business trip (my hubby brought the family). CONS: We were on the third floor and could hear our neighbors walking above us and our neighbors next to us opening and shutting drawers.  The swimming pool was average. Had a lot of crusty stuff floating in it and the towels they provided were small and had an exfoliating texture.PROS:Free WiFi, HBO, and breakfast! Breakfast included homemade waffles, fruit (oranges, apples, bananas) and mixed fruit(pineapple, oranges, grapes), white, wheat bread, muffins, bagels, boiled eggs, scrambled eggs, sausage patties, instant oatmeal with its condiments, cereal (raisin bran, Cheerios, fruitloops,), acvtivia vanilla yogurt, drinks included milk (2%, fat free), orange juice, Apple juice, coffee, hot cocoa, tea. Oh and there's a free shuttle that takes you to Mandalay bay every hour!In all the hotel was not bad. Would we come back for another business trip stay?? Probably!
5	Richard checked us in. He was very nice. He gave us great service. Very happy with our stay. The hotel is close to the Las Vegas strip. and the 15 freeway.
4	In the middle of such a place, this is a welcome peaceful, down-to-earth hotel.  Great complimentary semi-full breakfast, comfortable furnishings for a short overnight stay.
5	Stayed for 1 night and it was perfect and a great deal/great location so close to the strip. The hotel has free shuttle to 2 different parts of the strip. We also walked from the hotel to the strip and it was fine (we like walking fyi :)).The room was very nice/clean/spacious. The free breakfast (no one should ever complain about free breakfast) was good. Grains, protein, fruit, dairy looks good to me. We also enjoyed the 24/7 coffee (or tea) in the lobby. The only thing is we wish the hot tub was open later but we survived without it. No biggie. Would definitely recommend this hotel
4	Similar to most other Fairfield Inns, this one is a modern and a simple. Staff is friendly and efficient. Rooms are clean and suites are spacious with a nice work desk and couch. I love this hotel chain because when I travel for work, the price is great for what you get and the suites allow you to relax away from your work and sleep area.
