5	One of the best things about golfing in the Phoenix area is that there are many great high end courses where the general public is welcome. Here in the Boston area, most of the best courses are snooty private clubs.Raven is one of the best golf courses I have played in Phoenix.  It can be pricey, especially during the peak season in the spring, but the course is beautiful and challenging, and since the desert golf motif is my personal favorite, it ranks high up there for me.  For a little less $$, Legacy and Vistal are nearby, and are also nice courses with great views of South Mountain.
4	This is a very clean course not to over the top but what a location.  This area is developing so fast, the course brings increased value to the growth.
3	I know I'm in the minority here, but this place is overrated.The course is good, but just not great. The front is pretty boring but the back nine does have some very good holes.I know people get excited any time a course in the Valley has trees instead of desert, but that seems to be the only thing people talk about here. Trees are cool, but not instant 5-star cool.If they had some lower rates I could bump the Raven to 4-stars, but it's overpriced year-round. Even the summertime rates are too high to get me excited enough to go back out there. I get that other people really like it, so I'd say try it out if you get a decent rate, but I'd much rather go down the street to the Legacy than play here.
4	Raven @ South Mountain is great.  Obviously, the most unique thing about this course is the distinct non-Arizona vegetation, which really takes you out of the surroundings.  It's definitely one of the most beautiful courses in the Phoenix area.It also has its fair share of interesting holes.  Water is rare, but comes into play a couple of times on the front nine, as well as on the 18th hole.  There are a few greens that are very well protected, so make sure your bunker game is in working order.That said, it is quite pricey, with a summer morning round costing over $50.  For $50, there are better courses to play in Phoenix.  Also, it seems a lot of the people who play here think they are hot shots.  Maybe it's because they can afford to spend $50 in the summer on a less-than-perfect course.
4	I really tried not to like this course. Things didn't start off well with a starter that just didn't have the customer service thing down at all. Nice kid...but very incompetent. He moved our tee time back just because the group behind us wanted to move forward and were regulars. Not bad in and of itself, but he didn't know how to do it without ticking some of the guys off in our foursome. Aside from that, the course was great. As all of the other reviews say...very different for AZ. Condition was immaculate. Fun layout. The group they put me with wanted to play the white tees and it plays VERY easy from the white tees. At the finish of the round I stopped and worked with the course pro who was fitting clubs. He fit me for a driver and actually instead of trying to sell me a driver told me that my current driver is perfect for me. Pace of play was great...but we teed off at 6:40 am and played in just under 4 hours.
4	This is a good place to play if you want a break from desert golf.Raven is much more of a park style course with lots of pine trees along most of the holes. So, it's a nice change sometimes.It's a very playable layout with decent greens and is pretty straight-forward for playing it the first time.A few holes run along side houses, which is never pleasant.The back 9 is definitely more interesting than the front.There aren't many great views, but the key here is enjoying the park like layout and getting a break from desert golf.We stayed after the round and had some drinks on the outdoor patio area which was nice.Would play again.
3	The raven is a beautiful layout and usually in great condition even in the summer but this year not so much. Fairways are decent but the greens are HORRIBLE. there are plenty of courses in the area that are fairly cheaper and better greens!
4	The course was in very good condition, more pine rather than palm trees which was a nice change of pace. GPS units on the golf carts were nice but I'm not sure necessary for my level of play. $31 for a round in July on a Monday at 8:30 on GolfNow.
4	Nice course to play with decent greens and a lot of pine trees are on the course.  Twice I said to myself, it does not feel like I am in Arizona! Friendly staff with a tasty cafe that has the option of indoor or outdoor seating.I would most certainly return, preferably in the cooler months. Price is right about there for the play.  GPS units on carts died after about hole 11.
5	Played today. We booked it blind via GolfZoo.com.  From the minute we pulled up it felt like a private club.  All very professional and attentive to the details.   The course itself was in great shape; one small issue, the practice green was much faster than the course greens.  Made for a few straight putts  on the front.  They cart girl, Heather was always there and friendly when we needed her.  This is a must play when in Phoenix area.  Value for money is high here.
2	The course is in very good shape and is one of my favorites to play.  I like the course so much that I purchased the OB card from the Raven in the fall which offers a substantial discount for play.  My issue is as follows:  Last Saturday, I attempted to book a round for the coming Thursday.  I was informed by a young lady (Courtney?) that as a Raven card holder that I could only book four days in advance.  I got up at 7:00 AM the next morning and called for a tee time on Thursday.   I was asked if I was an OB card holder by Ben.  When I confirmed this, Ben advised me that there were no tee times until after 2:45 PM  on the Thursday.  I explained that I had tried to book the day before and was advised I need to wait until this morning to get a tee time and how could all of their tee times be taken.  Ben advised that members could book seven days in advance hence there were no tee times available.  I mentioned to Ben that it would appear that as an OB (Raven) cardholder that I was being penalized.  Ben advised no as I was getting cheap golf.  I replied that I was being penalized as if you can't get a tee time then you can't get the discounted golf.  Ben acknowledged that there was some truth to this.  I advised that I would be speaking to the course general manager Derek about is.Later that same morning I had a friend call the course for a tee time on the Thursday.  He was asked if he had an OB card and he did not.  At that point he was offered several tee times by Courtney.  I then called back at about 8:45 AM and spoke with Courtney.  She did not ask me if I had the discount card.  I asked for tee times on the Thursday morning and was offered several.  I subsequently booked one for Thursday morning.I certainly feel that the Raven staff and management is not being honest and forthright with OB cardholders and does not afford them the same courtesy that they provide to full fare golfers.  I will attempt to speak with the general manager today in an attempt to rectify these  disreputable practices.  Should this not work, I will contact the OB Sports Card management about same.Don't get me wrong; this is one of my favorite courses to play but my play and others will cease if this issue is not addrwssed
4	Cafe 36 is neighborhood gem. Eat breakfast, lunch, happy hour on the veranda.  Great fish sandwich and benedicts.
5	Very nice Golf Course here the fairways are well maintained and its just a good place overall to play golf or go to the driving rang.The prices here are reasonable, not crazy like Chambers Bay in Tacoma,WA lol, and the staff is friendly
1	Staff was like they did not want us there..we had a golf tournament there this weekend-We had a group of 9 foursomes, so 36 players, we have played there for 10 years. They had 1 server for 39 breakfast, the gal was nice and did her best but the management was so very unprepared.. some of the group waited an hour for their food, and never got food because we had to go tee off.. Played came off course and was kicked out because they had a wedding behind us.. Literally told to leave, The management was so disrespectful to everyone in our group.  I have been in the hospitality business for about 20 years and have never seen anything like this.. This comes with my strongest recommendation not to come here and play.
