1	I bought a book and a dvd set from Amazon a few weeks ago. They chose to send it via On Trac.... and it never came. The estimated day it should have arrived by was Thursday 1/24, and so I waited. And waited. And then on Sunday I looked on Amazon to find out that they were claiming it was left at my front door. Unless they jumped my six-foot fence and got pass my dogs, that's impossible. I have a place for packages, and I have yet to see it there. So I called them- on Monday because they don't work weekends- and the man I spoke to claimed he would call me back after asking the driver what had happened. Never got a call back. I called them only to be told that I could only speak to the man I originally spoke to about it and that he wasn't there- oh, and no one but him has access to my claim. What?In the end I had to call Amazon and have them send me another shipment through UPS, and it arrived. Their customer service is horrible, and I really have no idea what is going on with their system when it seems to takes DAYS to contact a driver. I am still waiting for an explanation, but I don't think I will get any other than "He says he put it there".
1	I was super sad of receiving notice my Amazon order to my Los Angeles address was delivered but never got it.  I inquired with my building manager & neighbors where nothing was located. I called in and the Amazon CSR informed me it was lost by OnTrac. The Amazon CSR was empathetic & fair. Amazon nicely is giving me a full refund.
1	Horrible Experience with OnTrac and Ordering Items Through Amazon. Customer service seems clueless even when You Provide them with a tracking number and customer information. Recently Said Item Couldn't be delivered. I never received a door tag or notification from OnTrac. Next update was that it was being held by them, so I called to find out why. Verified my information and CS Rep said would be out on the truck the next day. Waited next day and called and they said the item was delivered. Amazon text status said that the item was being returned to seller. OnTrac had sent the item back to the Amazon Seller. Very Incompetent and based on othe reviews and experiences in other cities it doesn't feel like I'm alone.
1	Venting because my rant won't affect anything or make change.  Husband ordered from amazon using PRIME 2-day shipping on 7/1.  Therefore, it would be reasonable to expect package on 7/3.  OnTrac is 3 miles north of our home so it should be relatively easy to go down GV Parkway and deliver.  By 7/7 husband realized it was never received, but showed delivered on 7/3 to someone named "fd. 2305 silver cre" - uh....so I called on 7/8 and spoke to Phoenix HQ (they do not allow you to call the local facility, so you get to deal with middlemen and repeating oneself but at least they keep electronic notes on the tracking number).7/8: Nice guy says the scans on the tracking number are confusing - it shows as delivered 7/2, delivered 7/3, at the facility, out for delivery, yada-ya.  I figured package was lost or delivered to wrong place, he called the LV facility and said it was in the facility and would be delivered 7/9.  If I had not called, it may have sat there forever!7/9: Did not see any package by 8 PM so called HQ number.  Nice guy read notes and was also confused.  He called facility which still had package and gave me some odd story that Henderson driver did not feel like going to our place so he gave it to Vegas driver and it sat on truck going wrong direction.  He promised UPGRADED SERVICE to "SUNRISE" which meant it would be delivered by 10:30 AM on 7/10.7/10: No package arrived by 3 PM, so I called HQ AGAIN and told lady office closed at 4 PM.  No package by 4 PM.  I called back at 6:30 PM and asked for a supervisor.  I was put on hold for 10 minutes, and then I insisted the supervisor read the notes before I launched into a tirade.  I was as pleasant as I could be given the circumstances, but we did not pay for 10 day shipping, we paid for 2 day shipping and the facility is 3 miles from us.  The guy said we had 2 options: WE could call amazon who would then call OnTrac and OnTrac could tell them we never received package EVEN THOUGH it says delivered 7/3 on amazon tracking, OR we could pick it up.OnTrac is very close to Blue Fin, so we offered to pick it up right then.  Supervisor says facility closed at 6 PM, too bad.  We asked when driver got back to facility with our package - he said 6:21 PM, 10 minutes before our call - so we asked why can't we just get it from driver - was told NO, had to get it at 6 AM the next day at earliest.7/11: I went to facility on the way home (since it is ON THE WAY, easy enough) and let the man working there know the story, mentioned how it was impossible for their drivers to deliver a 2 day delivery package within 10 days so since they cannot do their job I had to come get it.  He completely ignored me and handed me the box, screeching, "HAVE A NICE DAY!" - ugh - if I can request amazon send our prime packages by any other carrier, I will.  Otherwise, prime is as worthless as OnTrac, who claims "On Time Delivery For Less" - On time - NO.  DELIVERY? Definitely not.
1	Like most people I would leave a  0  star if they yelp had the option. Ordered a brand new $220.00 router from Newegg on Monday that was supposed to arrive on  Wednesday. Usually Fed ex  and UPS come by later in the day so when I saw the UPS guy around 4:00 I thought maybe  my package was  delivered. I checked the front door  and no package. I checked the tracking  number from  newegg which said  the package was delivered by Ontrac to the front door  at 1:25 p.m. Funny thing is I  was home in my kitchen at that time  and never received a  knock on the door or  a  ring  from  the door bell. I had a family member come over at 1:45 p.m. in which I opened the same front door in which I never saw  any package. I don't remember ever having packages  shipped  by this  company before  so I  hope this  is  the first and last time I have a package with them because odds  are  you  might not receive it. I called Ontrac and filed a  complaint because the driver says he supposedly delivered it to my door, and I filed a claim with newegg. I will be issued a new router but I will  now have to wait longer to  get my item because my claim will take  several days plus additional  shipping days. I went online and saw that many people have the same problem with this company. I'm surprised  there still in business. Just look up Ontrac in California and you will see  nothing but complaints.
2	Well I've had luck with them in the past. But recently I ordered a new PSU for my PC from Newegg. Package was delivered at 8 friggin PM. Package was left on the front door, I only assume they didn't knock. Not cool man, the box had Newegg branding and everything. What if my ish got jacked by my neighbors?NOW, I'm playing the waiting game for my new case. Says "Out for delivery" at around 9 AM. Guess what, its 9:40 PM as I type this and my damn case still ain't here. I mean I could care less if my case is a day late. It's just that I don't like the fact my stuff says out for delivery but has not arrived the day of. Maybe I'm just impatient when it comes to my new toys...?Mind you, when they get it right, it's pretty awesome you get stuff earlier than expected though. So I'd give them that...
1	DO NOT SHIP WITH THIS COMPANY! Terrible customer service and their delivery drivers don't even knock or ring doorbells. They just throw or leave your merchandise on your porch or driveway. Pay the extra cost for UPS or FedEx. Also this company just got rid of all their company road drivers and replaced them with out sourced companies making your shipments even later to arrive. I give this place a zero rating.
1	I ordered something from Bodybuilding.com, sat at home all day waiting for my package to arrive and at about 8 at night I walked outside to realize it was delivered. No one ever knocked (or my dog would have gone nuts), no clue when it was delivered. Thank goodness someone didnt walk by and grab my package. I have another package coming from bodybuilding.com and they used ontrac again. I may take off work and sit outside all day so they don't decide to just leave it without knocking again. So frustrating! Please teach your drivers how to knock on a door!! or at least throw my package in the backyard so no one can grab it...
1	I HATE THIS SHIPPING COMPANY... BUYER BEWARE!!I placed an order with vitacost.com on 10/12/14 and I was very excited when they shipped it out that very night and received a "delivered" the very next day! I went to get my mail at the leasing office and they never got my package, in fact it is Memorial Day and no mail, no packages. I found that to be strange, so I said that my package says that it was signed for by a Robert E. and they claimed that no Roberts are employed.  So I called the neighboring leasing office and they said the same thing... weird. SO I called Ontrac and they claim that the driver delivered it and I should have it, just go to Robert E. I explained that we have no such person.  So her bright idea was "oh just call vitacost.com maybe they will issue you a refund or replacement." I said "I tried them already, since you said it was delivered, I am S.O.L!" and she then decided that she will ask the driver what happened and call me back. *Right like the driver is going to say "Yeah I lost her package, my bad." 2 days later I get a call back, she says "The driver says he placed it at the leasing office and it is there now."  I put her on hold and with my 2nd line I called my leasing office and nope sure enough, not there.  SO I asked her to have the driver call me when he is there so I can prove it to you all that you're at the wrong property.  The lady told me that she can't do that. But she will contact him again and call back. The next day, I get another call from Ontrac, this time they say that the driver is adamant that he placed a door tag on my unit number and left the package in the leasing office.  So I said "ok that sounds ok if the driver is lying out of his a$$!" She said "He swears." I said "I would like you to tell me... do I have an apartment number on my address?" She looked and said "Um, Oh, Um, No... there is no apartment number listed."  I then said "Then how the Hell did your driver leave me a Door tag???? He didn't, because your driver is a LIAR, since I know for a fact that my leasing office wouldn't have given him my apartment number!" She said she would call him and then call me back. 2 days later: I get another call, now from a completely different person, trying to sell me that last bit of garbage from the previous call, about the door tag nonsense.  She then decided that she would call me back. After 3 more days of no contact, I decided I would email them a letter of "WTF happened to my package!" I am still waiting for a response. However I did get a refund finally from Paypal.com of all places! I opened a claim and stated my case and they sided with me.
1	Giving this company 1 star is being generous. Found out after ordering from body building. Com that ontrac was the shipping company. Having never heard of them, I google who they are. Every review is 1 star or less, and pages of people complaining. I think damn I'm screwed...and I was right.The delivery date was 3 days after I ordered. That came and went but I was notified via email that my Package had been delivered. Wrong! I was home waiting and no one came.I called ontrac and they were useless, telling me to call bodybuilding.com. so I do, and they send the replacement..you guessed it..with ontrac. Now, the 1st package was never found. I live in an apartment and in 4 years have never had a problem with this.My second package comes and I asked for a signature to be required. What do these idiots do? Delivery it to MY NEIGHBORS. Nice right? This whole company is nothing but morons. The kicker...I'd find out 3 weeks later that the original package was delivered...wanna guess where? My freaking leasing office. Now I ordered my wife some stuff from sephora.com and these fucknuts are the shipping company. I've already figured I'll never see my package.Absolutely the WORST shipping company ever!
3	My daughter ordered something from Sephora about a week ago. Three days later it was "delivered" it was tossed in front of my door. Nobody ever knocked on our door! My son happened to go to the store and saw it on the ground. I live in an apartment complex and someone could've just picked it up. I wouldn't have know. I'm 10000000% positive nobody knocked because I have a loud chihuahua that goes crazy at the slightest knock and I was HOME all day. I have a another package coming in any day from Kohl's and unfortunately they're the "delivery company" I'm scared because this is my husbands Christmas gift. I pray it goes well
