4	How is it that America has yet to discover poutine (or, rather, how is it that poutine wasn't invented by the Americans)? French fries, slathered in gravy, drowned in cheese curds and occasionally submerged by a meat topping, if you so desire? It's just the sort of disgustingly delicious fare that Americans seem to crave. Perhaps it's good that it's only available up here, otherwise I'd be back home eating it every day and packing on the pounds. Anyhow...Hungry, looking for a quick and tasty bite and acting more touristy than I'd care to admit, I stopped in Montreal Poutine looking for some good Canadian fare. Having heard a little about poutine, I was initially surprised to learn that the base poutine was in fact vegetarian (I later found out that this isn't an uncommon occurrence, but at the time it was a selling point). I ordered the avocado fries and poutine with mushrooms and onions. The avocado fries had the most interesting texture and came with a little pot of creme fraiche (excuse lack of accented letters), which ended up being the perfect dip -- I wouldn't have wanted anything more complex.Poutine is most certainly not my specialty, but I was pleased with what the server presented me. The onions were well-caramelized, the mushrooms were small and tasty, and the fries were a little too small for my tastes but otherwise very, very good. Those two dishes were not quite enough for two to share, but I definitely would not have wanted my own plate. Pair with a glass of sangria and it made for a very tasty late lunch. Service was decent but nothing to write home about.
5	I have discovered my newest addiction/sin, and it is poutine.  French fries, gravy and cheese curds comprise the base of a poutine, but quality establishments can raise this basic variety into an art form. Montreal Poutine does just this. This wonderful eatery has two different seating areas: one indoors, which looks a bit like a rough-and-ready chip shop type place - somewhere to grab a mess of business to go and walk about the International Quarter.  A few steps away, however, is a dreamy outdoor courtyard sheltered on all sides by green leafy branches, with just the right amount of glorious sunlight illuminating the wooden tables, the miniature gardens and water fountains, where one can feast in arborial splendor. Montreal Poutine sells more than just the Canadian delicacy, to be sure - their flatbread pizzas are tasty as well, but I was here for the glory, and the glory I would have.I got no further than the section titled "LE SMOKED MEAT", and my choice was made.  Sheer joy:- Gravy perfection- Gooey, melted cheese curds.- Fries crispy where they remain untouched by the delicious brown- cubelets of what can only be affectionately dubbed "Le Smoked Meat"Mother of pearl, this was a wonderful meal - with a couple large pints of Sleeman Lager (another uniquely Canadian treat), I could easily have passed into the next world satisfied with my experience. Overly effusive? Perhaps. But am I a fan of this place? Of that there is little doubt, I trust.
3	I've definitely had better poutine, but given the area this is probably some of the better you'll get in the neighborhood.The product that gets the most marks here is more likely the namesake t-shirt rather than their poutine.It's still delicious poutine, but once you've had amazing poutine with perfect cheese curds it's difficult not to compare.  Their classic poutine with just the curds, fries and gravy is ok but I would recommend going with a poutine with some additions like bacon added to it.It'll curb your craving temporarily, but you'll undoubtedly be left craving for something a little tastier shortly after.
3	Poutine was high on our list of things to try in Montreal. Cafe Poutine was a clear stop given it's name and location in touristy, Old Montreal location. The restaurant was small and crowded...it was tough  trying to get between the tables. The menu was promising - tons of Poutine options as well as sandwiches with a side of poutine as an option. My fiance had the poutine with smoked meat and I had the chicken, apple and brie sandwich- no poutine (I figured I could share). The portions were huge - I had a pile of fries on my plate (even though I had asked for no fries). The poutine was okay, not as mind-blowing as fries with cheese and gravy promised to be. My sandwich was so delicious. The baguette was perfectly toasted and the brie and apples were a great compliment.The service was hurried and not very accommodating. i asked for no cheese on the sandwich, which they said wasn't possible. They also missed the no fries request.The prices were also high- 2 waters, smoked meat poutine and a chicken sandwich set us back 35 CA. It makes sense for the district, but not for the overall experience.Bottom line - if you're in the area and don't want to dig for poutine, this would be an ok stop. If you're looking for and awesome poutine experience, keep on walking.
2	While walking through Old Montreal, we stopped here for lunch.  After sitting down in what appeared to be a very casual setting, we saw the menus which the prices seemed somewhat high on.  Regardless, we ordered smoked meats sandwiches and poutine.  The poutine was quite good, but the smoked meat was dry and the sandwich very small. It was really lacking and in no way a comparison to a place like Schwartz's.They do serve a few different beers, contrary to Monnie's review (it may be something new).  I would by pass this place.  There are much better places to eat in Old Montreal for about the same price.
3	Again...it was raining and cold, we were hungry and needed shelter and food.Poutine was on our list of food to try and we quickly walked across the street to check out the menu and saw a good variety of poutine. As we were reading the menu, a gentlemen looks like he's heading into the cafe and recommend that we go. Apparently he either works there or owns the place, after he seats us, he leaves the restaurant. And because I had a seat facing the window, I noticed that every time someone walks by and looks at the menu, he magically appears to "lure" people in. We were lured.We ordered a couple of beers and shared a chicken poutine and a brie dip appetizer to share. The portions were generous. The chicken poutine was good - huge chucks of chickens served our fries, gravy and cheese. The brie dip was good as well. It was actually a brie spread, served with greens and toasted bread.The service was good and prices were OK. It was about $15 pp.
3	I have been to Canada before but was in Toronto and was told to only eat poutine in Montreal. So naturally with the amount of poutineries there was on the market I was a bit overwhelmed. I tried the one with the least annoying name and the cheaper prices. Considering I didn't know what to expect I am surprised that I enjoyed my choice. Had smoked meat poutine and found it amazing. Why am I not eating this all the time in the States? This needs to catch on. The staff was attentive and extremely helpful in helping, me choose what to order.
4	Looking for a place to eat dinner at 2am in Montreal is no small feat.  There are many bars open but it is hard to find something to eat, unless you come to Montreal Poutine, which delivered beyond our expectations.  The outdoor sit down area in the back is very romantic - garden style, candlelit, heat lamps, you get the idea.  The staff is very friendly and nice.  We had the burger with the poutine fries and we were pleasantly surprised!  It was almost like a delicacy -- sirloin and cooked perfectly, red in the middle. The salad greens that came with it were amazing, fresh and tasty.  Also had the "best beer in the world" as stated by our waiter - the Blanch de Chambly - which is a Quebecois beer which is oh so good; refreshing, light, citrusy.  Almost like a Blue Moon but not as thick.   Would definitely come back here for another burger.
3	This place seemed like a tourist trap smack in the middle of Old Montreal. But when you are serving fries covered in cheese, gravy and meat-maybe a dive type trap is better?!?!? Stumbled in here late on a Saturday night........good Poutine and good beer selection-sat outback on patio and it seemed like some locals were eating here also. Recommendation-get the Poutine and beer and nothing else!!!  You don't go to Steak and Shake and get the salad-you know......
1	I am in Montreal from California visiting a local. We're staying in a hostel close to Montreal Poutine and wanted to get something to eat that was close, we were hungry and we thought we'd give this place a try. Bad idea. The man, who I assume is the owner, pressured us to come into this tourist trap. This crazy guy was chasing people around the street, LEAVING his restaurant, and saying "Bonjour! Bonjour!" and "Monsieur! Monsieur!" to people, FLAGGING them down to come into his restaurant. I felt so embarassed for him. He obviously had no shame, and good for him! However, I would be a little hesitant to beg people to come into a restaurant that was not going to impress people in the least. He was quite obnoxious and I was rather turned off by his pushy attitude. We were given a seat outside, and within about 10 minutes we were visited by our server, who I almost ignored because he was wearing an "I love poutine" shirt, and approached us from OUTSIDE of the fenced dining area. To be honest at first I thought he was a complete stranger. We ask for a diet coke, and a regular coke. The server returns shortly with two drinks, with 2 or 3 disintegrating ice cubes floating on the top, and proceeds to tell us he forgot which drink was which, and left us to figure it out. Let me paint the scenery a bit for you. Small porch. 5-8 people on the whole patio, and TWO at our table. Did he really forget which drink was which between the time he walked from the kitchen to our table? They were extremely flat by the way, and tasted like they had been poured a long time ago and left to sit until someone ordered them. I have never even heard of something so absurd.The local ordered a burger and I ordered a smoked meat sandwhich. The food was okay, but the smoked meat was not at all what it is supposed to be. Our server never returned to ask us how we were, if we needed anything, or if he could refill our flat, disgusting sodas. Oh! By the way, don't expect free water. You get a bottle and its $2.50. He thinks. He didn't quite seem to know.The bill comes and we want to pay with a card, so we go inside and obviously we're not impressed by what we've experienced, and didn't want to give the average 15% tip. My friend asks to put 13% instead, since the guy isn't letting him hold the machine himself, and the server is practically in shock. He says that %15 is standard, and they don't go below that. Ummm, excuse me, I know that 15% is "standard" and "polite" but as far as I know, a tip is a tip, a tip because you DID YOUR JOB WELL! Why should I give you extra mpney if you can't even meet basic performance standards?! He then asked my friend if he was from Canada, as if he was stupid and didn't know how much to tip in a restaurant. My friend says "Yes, I'm from Montreal!" and ends up having to give the guy the %15 because obviously he's not budging. Montreal is a beautiful city, and words can't even describe how wonderful Old Montreal is. I have had nothing but delicious food and amazing service since I've been here, but I can safely say that even outside this city, Montreal Poutine was probably some of the worst restaurant service I have ever experienced, and their food was barely mediocre.
3	I bought the onion and mushroom poutine and a Montreal smoke meat sandwich.  The sandwich was very good.  The meat was warm and so moist.  Very good.  The poutine was ok, I wish I bought something with bacon or something also meaty to enhance the flavour.  I did like the onion and mushroom though, but just thinking about the possibilities.The weird thing is, maybe because I was in a hurry, I under tipped.  The waiter asked me if there was something wrong with the service but honestly there was nothing wrong with it but nothing exceptional either.  I happened to go early on a Saturday morning, right when the store opened.  So after I told him nothing was wrong, he informed me that in Montreal the tipping is 15%.  So he asked me for $1.50 more.  I felt embarassed because I wasn't paying attention and I just wanted to give him a flat $30 after eating $26 something. Maybe I am cheap.  Before entering, my brother and I wanted to see how much their poutine was, and already they were shouting at us that it was not opened yet.  So the food was good, but I'm not sure about the service.  I still gave it a chance after being shooed away.
3	Walking upon Rue St. for hours, my sister and I were growing hungry and since Houston (our 2nd hometown) lacks this delicious dish, we decided to try Montreal Poutine. Being a Canadian and all, I have been a huge fan of poutine ever since I was a young gal. And being Canada and all, (our 1st hometown) I feel that each restaurant that decides to serve Poutine has to be top-of-the-line-legit-make-ya-slap-ya-momma-good. Sadly, this establishment failed to meet that. (I know who has the best poutine and so stay tuned!)Service was wonderful. (The host complimented me on my attire... #pimpin) We were greeted and seated immediately. Our waitress stopped by and did not hesitate to ask us if we wanted an alcoholic beverage with our meal so I opted to get a glass of their Sangria. It was mediocre...just like the poutine I ordered which was with Italian sausage because I thought it was a bit too salty. The menu was not too pricey either which I think evens out!The restaurant's ambiance is very relaxed. It reminded me of a very Austin-esque environment. We were seated outside and on a nice day, it is the perfect setting to sit and eat outdoors. The music was not too loud or too soft. Chatter amongst the customers was mildly comforting as it did not interfere with my own conversation with my sister. They also sell t-shirts and hoodies of their restaurant with a simple logo that says "Montreal Poutine" in the right top corner. It was $20 for the t-shirt and $30 for the hoodie, I believe.Oh yeah, only one uni-sex restroom so beware.
3	This was our second poutine stop in our visit to Montreal. The fries were very close to Belgian fries, but there wasn't enough topping. I actually had to ask our waiter for extra gravy because there wasn't enough for all the fries. The prices are also steep which is expected since this is a touristy area. We absolutely loved our waiter--great attitude, very friendly, patient, and funny.
2	To no one' surprise, it's a total tourist trap! I mean, they sell tshirts for crying out loud. I must say that the poutine is quite tasty tho. The fries and cheese are fresh and the sauce is most likely not homemade (think brand name like St-Hubert sauce, something like that). They also have a nice selection of beer and a nice quiet patio in the back.But how do you explain a 150$ bill for 7 people at a poutine joint? Also, don't bother requesting for water for drink. They only have bottled water... Right, and how do they wash their hands if they have no running water?Overall a good meal but will head elsewhere if am craving poutine in Old Montreal.
3	It may have been tres touristy, but it was the first thing open when we were deciding where to head to lunch and the back outside courtyard was adorable! We had the place almost to ourselves since we were a tad early. We wanted poutine and smoked meat and that's what we got! We weren't disappointed. The food was pretty decent - the service ok - our server was being trained - which was fine. We both liked our meals and appreciated the salad that came with our sandwiches. Having never had poutine there seemed to be plenty of gravy and cheese curds on it for us and the smoked meat sandwich was excellent.
4	Excellent poutine!  If you're here in the summer, eat in the back garden!  I've never been here in the winter but can only assume the back garden is closed.  All sorts of different types of poutine here, it's a lot of fun.
4	My boyfriend and I were walking by and saw the sign for poutine, and thought "we have to try this place". Being poutine lovers, we weren't disappointed. We went for the classic and it was a pretty fair size. I left full, but I'm sure my boyfriend could have eaten a little bit more, since we split it ;)I loved that we could sit out in the back garden in the middle of November because of the heat lamps. It really reminded us of Mud (coffee) in NYC. We even went back later at night for my boyfriend to get a burger and another poutine.
3	Tourist trap but excellent Poutine nonetheless. I had the Poutine with smoked meat my wife went with the plain.  Both were excellent.There is also an upstairs, which I believe is part of the same restaurant, where we had an outstanding crepe.
4	Excellent pouting, however a bit on the pricey side. Really big portions with gooey, chewy cheese curds, though. :)
5	Great beer selection. Delicious poutine. Very chill atmosphere with great service. Can hang here for hours.
2	Fair poutine... Definitely not the best I've had. I guess I expected more than a one room restaurant with cheap furniture. Pizza was good for the kids, wife had the poutine and I had the smoked meat sandwich which was similar to a pastrami sandwich. Good for a quick meal but not a top spot in Montreal that I would recommend
5	Simone and I just got back from another trip to Montreal, Canada. I love going to Canada for this reason-  Poutine. Although it sounds kinda dirty to say it, Poutine is actually a food. French Fries (preferably fresh cut) topped with Gravy and Cheese Curds. Simple and yet one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth - and I'm not telling you what other things that list includes. In my opinion (which of course is always right) the best place in the city to get Poutine is in the old city, on 161 Rue Saint Paul, at the smartly named Montreal Poutine.The restaurant is divided into two areas, one for seating and one for take out, and its oddly separated by a gift shop in the middle. In the summer there is also outdoor seating along the street.  The day we went it was 20 degrees outside so inside dining was the only choice.  When we got to the door we tried the latch and couldn't open it. Obviously we thought the place was closed. However as we started to walk away a gentlemen (who was either homeless or worked there) let us know to just give the door a push, so thus we did and we made our way inside.  Once in the door we looked around for a minute at the empty place and waited to perhaps see a waitress, after a few moments a rather attractive young lady popped her head out from around the corner and offered us a seat. She apologized for not hearing us come in and I explained to her that it was okay and that she had just missed our wrestling match with the front door. She informed us that not only did the door not work, but neither did some of the lights, the toilet or most of the windows and because the restaurant is divided into two sections she was actually going to have to walk through a window to the outside and around the building to place our order and then bring us the food. Not noticing her wool hat and heavy sweater, I laughed and thought she was kidding.  She informed me that she was not at all kidding and that "being an old building, the waitresses get screwed" Wow ! After the honest opinion that she shared with us I could only think one thing- lets eat some Poutine ! The menu is pretty simple. There is about ten kinds of Poutine, a small sandwich menu ( including Montreal's other famous dish smoked meat) salads, and  very good Pizza flat breads. For my choice I went for the classic Poutine, and a smoked meat sandwich. Simone got a little crazy and had her Poutine topped with Mushrooms and Onions. When the waitress opened the window and stepped through with our order I thought it may be a good time to take a picture. I however decided not to do this because people don't usually enjoy being screwed and having it captured on film. Later in the meal , I did manage to get a photo while she did some entry window insulation repairs and I must say she looked good both entering and exiting the window.  Now back to the meal !My Poutine and smoked meat sandwich arrived and both looked great. The home made French Fries were topped with vegetarian gravy ( that tasted like some really fresh roasted chicken pan drippings) and loaded with a generous portion of mild cheese curds. The dish was not at all salty and the cheese had just started to melt into the gravy that was coating the crispy hot fries. YUM,YUM,YUM.  The smoked meat sandwich was also delicious, It had a mountain of thinly sliced pickled beef brisket resting between to slices of moist Rye bread.  It was tender and smokey and served with mustard . I finished every last bite. The plate also came with a small salad on it, which was a bit of a waste for me, but Simone took care of eating it.Simones mushroom and Onion Poutine was like mine, with a vegetarian ( still tastes like chicken) gravy and cheese curds. I thought the onions were a bit overpowering and took away from the flavor of the rest of the dish , but i did enjoy the mushrooms.I love this place. It definitely has an old city vibe. The brick wall are falling apart, the windows rattle, the door is broken and the waitress have an honest but fun attitude. Its the real Poutine experience with no frills, just really good food. The doctor probably would not suggest this as part of your daily diet ,however, when you are in town, don't  miss this place in the old city. Five stars
3	So......how fat I wanted to get during my vacation?Hm....let me think about this.....lolI'm just like all American's, loving the French Fries + salt and pepper, then I went to Outback Steak House and discovered the Cheese Fries, and the Beacon Chess Fries, and..... now travel to Montreal I discovered they're more......to it, much much more...... lol We was just walking around the old Montreal and my friend told me about Poutine, so I used my yelp apps and search what close by and this little restaurants popped up. Great location, a train stop on the other side, I'm thinking approx .05 mile walking distance, you can check with the hotel concierge, the train there is very easy to take, it only cost $8.00 CAD for a whole day pass, you can ride as many times as you like all day. So now back to the location, this little restaurant located in a good area, they're many shops walking distanceMy friend and I decided to try out the Montreal Poutine since they're famous for thatThe place set up like a little school cafeteria with cheap chairs and table that you can easily knock it down The place is small, they're a small outdoor in the backThey serve alcohol as wellI ordered the smoked meat Poutine and my friend ordered the Italian Poutine. I never had a Poutine before, and I thought it was pretty good, but the only problem is, I guess I hardly eat anything this greasy, so my stomach did not agree with me, and.... you know the rest. lol If I travel to the area, I will stop by again for sure, but I will probably order 1 and share with my friends. So make sure if you are travel to Montreal, go try out the famous POUTINE!! lol
3	Went here to get some poutine. Ended up getting a regular one with mushrooms and onions. Big mistake. Everything else was great, but the mushrooms really overpowered everything. If we got it without mushrooms, I would definitely have given it 4* Portion was huge and it was kind of expensive at about $7. Would come back here though.
1	Service took forever.And there were ants in my sangria. ANTS. IN MY DRINK.Waiter brought me the wrong food (I ordered pizza instead of poutine) & ran after throwing the plates on the table; took 10 minutes for us to flag him again, and tell him that I did not in fact want the poutine; "you didn't??" Took 30 minutes to get the food I ordered after that. Pizza tasted kinda funny but I ate it anyways. Big mistake, my stomach totally hurts now :(After all that, it took well over 20 minutes to get the check, and we were still charged for the sangria. And we got barely any apologies for the terrible service and ANTS IN MY DRINK.Worst. Service. Ever.
4	Big heaps of pub fried topped with onion beef gravy.......cheese curds and Montreal smoked corned beef.....wow!!Beers are fantastic....blanc, blonde, or noir.......Great prices, and amazing location in old Port.
3	Had a quick stop in the Old Port and wanted to get my usual Montreal fix of poutine and a smoked meat sandwich. Both were good, its no Schwartz', but cured my itch.Don't get stuck on the back patio though, its dark out there.
2	I think we may have caught this place on a bad night but I stand by my two stars. The only reason it didn't get one was because the poutine had the potential of being good... but it was cold, hence the poor review. I think our food was mistakenly taken to two other tables before making its way to us.Service was quite slow, orders were being confused left right and centre, and to boot the bathroom was stuck right in the middle of the dining area. Not very appealing.
4	I don't know poutine well, but this seemed good to me.  A few good draft beer choices, some cafe tables on St. Paul - healthy choices for those who want them, and decent poutine.  Vegetarian.  In Old Montreal, I doubt you'll find better.  Location can't be beat.
4	I know this is in a tourist location, but we stayed in Old Port right around the corner and needed to get a fix.  It was a beautiful day out, so we sat in the back terrace which was actually quite nice.We enjoyed a traditional poutine and a glass of beer, and have no complaints.If you're in the area, I'd highly recommend it, especially if you haven't tried poutine before.
4	For a tourist trap the poutine was delicious.I am very happy to write that my poutine cherry has been popped by Montreal Poutine.This was our first time eating poutine and our first time visiting Montreal. So all year long I have been planning to eat my first poutine in Montreal and I  got to live that dream in August.Reading up on Poutine I discovered the curds have to squeak when you bite into them and they did.I ordered the poutine with bacon on top and my boyfriend ordered the poutine with hot Italian sausage.  Both were delicious. Instead of getting bacon bits or chopped pieces of bacon Montreal Poutine serves the bacon topped poutine with BACON STRIPS crispy delicious BACON strips.Well before I even took my first bite I knew I would love it.  The fries were not hot enough to have been cooked to order...but the poutine came out warm topped with a tasty brown gravy cheese curds and bacon.  The portions are simply huge if you're  going as a twosome I'd suggest getting one poutine to split.Also for an appetizer we ordered a brie cheese rolled in pistachios, I loved the subtle flavors of the cheese and this app was served with sliced toasted bread. I really looking forward to recreating the brie dish at home.
2	Poutine was cold and disgusting , server was nice
3	Poutine,* one of the best combos that ever came into existence. Thick cut fries, flavorful gravy and creamy, cheesy curd melting all over that business. My friend and I were determined to try as much Poutine as possible during our short weekend in Montreal and when we saw the sign for Montreal Poutine during our walk through Vieux Montreal, we had to stop.We were seated in the back patio, which was very pleasantly shaded with trees and the ambiance was bustling if nothing else. Our Poutine arrived with mushrooms and onions and a side of smoked meat for my friend. With two pints in hand, we dug in and it was good. Not spectacular, but pretty darn tasty.All in all a great little pit stop on a meandering kind of day.*not to be confused with Disco fries. It's all in the cheese, you know.
1	I took my cousins (their first time in North America) for a Quebec experience. We picked the wrong place! Service was very rude. Poutine was good (especially the one with smoked meat). We also had pizza (the thinnest crust I've ever experienced; not bad) and drinks. When we went to divide the bill the waitress refused to give us change! I'm not cheap but for the customer service ... she did not deserve a 20% tip. She said she wasn't paid enough and that it was mandatory to tip. VERY BAD Canadian experience to show foreigners; I was quite embarrassed for them!
4	My first time ever trying poutine so I have nothing else to compare it to, but Montreal Poutine serves up a solidly delicious plate of poutine!  Cheese "curds" with gravy top French fries.   This comfort food leans on the heavy side, but really hits the spot when you're looking for something good to eat. It looks like clumps of soft feta cheese, but the bite and flavor remind me more of mozzarella.  And the portions?  GRANDE - I mean, big heaping mound of fries, slap some thick gravy on top and then top with the queso.  Friendly and upbeat employees made me smile :).  If you're doing take-out, you have to do it from a separate entrance.  Don't expect this to be an upscale dinery ... very laid-back and chill atmosphere.  Part of their "restaurant" extends out onto the streets of Old Quebec.  There is a "secret" jardin in the back that allows you to bask in happy peace until you are ready to join the busy streets of Old Montreal (highly recommended).
1	Worst service I have ever experienced in a restaurant in my life. Took 15-20 minutes just to get menus after being told to sit on the terrace with heated lamps, which we noticed weren't even working once we sat down. Then after another 15 minutes to place our order, which was a simple order of two poutines and one smoke meat sandwich with no mustard. We were then delivered one poutine, one french fry, and of course loads of mustard on a smoke meat sandwich (which was so small). Usually I'd be ok we an error but after clear specifying my order and it being repeated back to me I'd think it would be correct after waiting over 40 minutes for something so simple. Anyways after ranting a bit I wouldn't suggest anyone to ever go here because the poutine doesn't compare to a real "Montreal Poutine" and the prices are way over priced for the size of meal you receive. To put a long story short, take the trip to "La Banquise" and you'll get a real taste for a proper Montreal poutine. This place is a tourist trap!!
2	Worst Poutine i've had  in a long time.  If you are a poutine noob, don't go there.  1st, it is a tourist trap.  2nd, they are using the wrong kind of cheese.  Go to La Banquise.  Do yourself a favor
5	They have vegetarian poutine, which is arguably healthier than it's artery-clogging cousin. This is a nice place to sit outside and enjoy some fries covered in cheese and gravy. It's cheap, fast and friendly and the menu is in English.
3	Tried my first poutine! Exactly what it says fries, gravy and bland little cheese balls. I think the rendition was good but the sentimental taste is better than it actually is.  Burger was average but on a nice roll. Street watching priceless!
2	A crappy, overpriced definition of a tourist trap. Even on a blustery cold Saturday afternoon, the owner was still shepherding street walkers inside like a man with a two-headed dragon behind a curtain.$9 gets you a smoked meat sandwich that'll have you thinking you took a growth elixir, so small and bite-size, as in two bites per half, it be. $8.50 brings forth not avocado fries, but one half of an avocado cut to the size of small bananas and dipped in breadcrumbs. A shame since the breading and sauce would be great were there not so much avocado.I'm glad I had a LivingSocial coupon on my person, my only reason for going in the first place, but even with it the cost was far too high. The whole place would deserve no more than one star, were it not for the fact that it was clean and not unsanitary in any way.Avoid at all costs, unless you enjoy the company of twenty mindless tourists all chowing down on what they think poutine should taste like, and head to La Banquise instead to get the real deal.
3	First time to try Poutine and while it was ok definitely had better in other places later on during my trip. We had a super friendly server and loved the back yard location - really interesting stuff to admire on the walls, they have definitely upgraded their backyard since the photos were taken. Yes, the establishment is on the tourist trail and would not be highly rated compared to the huge amount of fine establishments in Montreal. Save yourself ordering the coffee. I think the instant fares better. Stick with the beers.In fairness, we didn't get to try other items on the menu. Would I go back? Yes, if I was in that area again and needed a snack.
4	Went here on a recent trip to Montreal. It's in the old city so prices are a little inflated. We stayed away from the avocado fries thanks to some reviews we read. The owner was a bit pushy/weird in a way that people who have been to Mediterranean countries might relate to and wanted us to sit outside when it was freezing, on offer we politely declined. However, the waiter kept coming in and leaving the door open and there was a small window missing right behind me. Thank buddah (literally) that I was able to scoot one of the many random buddah statues right in front of it so I did not freeze to death. Food was good. We stuck to poutine and beer. It's very hard to mess that up. Even KFC/PFK has a hard time making bad poutine. Tipping is a bit odd in Canada if you are not aware. When paying the server has to ask to add the tip right there. Our waitress was good but was overly excited when I said 20% that I was hoping she did not hear "$20" but even if she did it was (American) Thanksgiving so what the hell... Turns out she only heard 20% lol.
4	location:nestled in a neighborhood with cobblestone roads in between gotham buildings.  it felt like i was in europe.  street signs all written in french.  pleasant patio seating to soak in the environment (though it was during summer,  so it was bloody hot,  and i was perspiring like mad).  also,  fun to people watch.    must have item:  -smoked meat poutine:  so amazing.  so delicious.  so rich.   so filling.  the portions are pretty huge.  they pack on the smoked meat (rolled into little circles,  looked like mini meatballs),  squeaky cheese curds,  rich gravy,  and thick cut fries.  easily equals a day's worth of calories.  i was starving after having landed from the airport and hadn't eaten all day.  i ate everything and polished off that baby like it was nobody's business.  it was one of those don't-talk-to-me-i'm-eating moments.  conclusion:european environment.  get the smoked meat poutine and sit outside on the patio.  just don't sit facing the sun.  you can definitely share it with someone,  but you're not going to want to.  indulge in this classic canadian staple.  you can get the plain poutine,  but it's better topped with another canadian classic,  smoked meat.  you can kill two canadian birds with one stone.  make yourself efficient.
2	Cute rear courtyard - snag a table here if you can in good weather -- outdoor heaters are present but quite spread apart, so dress warmly. The inside is a dump. The food is mediocre and overpriced - tourist trap.
1	TERRIBLE!   RUN AWAY!!We were hustled by a man outdoors who dragged us down into a chilly basement bar to sell us in having a meal there. Total tourist trap. My wife ordered a glass of red wine from the menu and we were told they had no red wine. The waitress brought a glass of white wine from a box and charged $5.40. As we are from California and can get a bottle of Mondavi for $5.40 we were suitably both traumatized and horrified at the same time........ Such a shame for such a wonderful place as Vieux Montreal.
4	Yes it's touristy, and I'm sure there's better poutine elsewhere, but what made this place awesome for my husband and I was the waiter who helped us. It was a cold November night(no tourists in sight...besides us that is.) and we just wanted to stroll in old town(I was craving poutine, even though we had just finished dinner on Blvd. Saint-Laurent) so we decided to pop in. It was actually nice to walk on the cobble stone streets of old town without any people(very serene and a little spoooooky!) I wish I remember the name of the waiter who helped us but he was awesome! Since there was no one else in the shop he put on Bhangra music for us(asked us what we wanted to listen to gave us some options) He gave my husband a beer suggestion and pulled up a chair right next to us to chat( we didn't mind at all and actually welcomed it). He talked about paragliding in Belize and life in Montreal, while we talked to him about life in NY. He was just so laid back and fun to talk to. My husband and I split a veggie poutine and it more than enough gluttony for two people. It was served piping hot and with a little tabasco, hit the spot.
4	So now there's a location downtown on Bishop street!When I'd heard that I thought my colleague was hallucinating. Happily though, he was on the money and a day later we were settling in for a great huge helping of  delicious Poutine topped with smoked meat.The presentation - in a proper plate - was a nice surprise as my previous experience at a different store was more like stuffing 18 undergrads into a phone booth.But that wasn't the best part of the meal. Seriously, anyone can manage to stock a restaurant with china plates. The best part was the crunchy-on-the-outside fries bathed in a none-too-salty sauce, then topped with squeaky-cheese and smoked meat.There's really not much else one can ask of a restaurant, is there? Quality ingredients, skilled preparation and attractive presentation were all showcased here. Now if only the hordes would leave some avocado fries for me.
5	5 star poutine it was great for a beer!
3	Good environment, nice staff, poutine was pretty good
4	Located in the heart of old port, very nice outside back terrace that most people don't know about. Lots of tourist reviews on here but I went and didn't feel like it was a trap.I got their poutine with chicken which was massive and worth the 10$ price because it did consist of a meal in itself and filled me up. It felt like I had an entire chicken breast that was shredded on top, very generous portion, I couldn't finish.If you only want poutine as a side, they do have grilled sandwhiches, hot dogs, pizzas and burgers available.Their poutine is what people come for and it was very good although it's the kind of food that makes me sick if I eat too much of it. Their fries are thick cut, it's a very heavy meal.
4	The Montreal Smoked Meat Poutine was very good! I tried the Italian sausage from my friends plate, it wasn't the greatest, it would have been better If the sausage was grilled. The bacon I also tried and it was obviously good because everything tastes good with bacon!
1	Ok poutine combined with the rudest servers I have ever had the misfortune to deal with. Best  example of an angry Pequiste with an attitude!
5	Poutine clan ain't nothin to f*** with.
1	My party ordered poutine and smoked meat, and it was very tasty. It's not as amazing as I was expecting genuine Montreal poutine to be, but it was enjoyable nonetheless. One minor complaint is that my entree didn't come with the advertised pickle, but I managed to survive.The much larger problem I had with this restaurant is that the waiter gave a guilt-trip sob story about tips at the end of the meal. My bill was for $37, and I gave the waiter $40, expecting change. He started to tell me about how if they don't receive a large enough tip, they get taxed on it or some silly bullshit. I proceeded to tell him that I had intended to leave the actual tip on the table, which is what I always do, and I think that's fairly standard. He then said the exact same thing to our table mates.Begging for tips, regardless of how much customers decide to tip, is NEVER okay. This needs to stop. It made my party and I extremely uncomfortable. It appears that I'm not the only reviewer who had an experience like this.On a final note, service was a little slow. We witnessed one table leave before being served after they'd waited long enough.Update: I complained about our waiter after our trip, but never received a response. That sort of behaviour cannot be excused. Don't eat here.
4	We stopped there to try local poutine and it had a great patio.we ordered poutine with pulled pork and it was very tasty. One of the best places we went in Montreal. Nice atmosphere, good cup of cappuccino...it felt like I was back in Europe...nostalgia....
4	I don't care if it's all tourists here, there's something nice about eating poutine on the cobblestoned streets of Old Montreal. It doesn't make the poutine any less tasty: crisp fries, great gravy, and generous portions overall. You can definitely split one order between two people (if hungry) or three (if you're not greedy).The beers are also a decent price, and there is ice cream - though we ended up going down the street to the maple store for dessert.
3	I love poutine. Being in Montreal I expect the poutine to be on point. I ordered a classic poutine. Just cheese curds and gravy. It  was just alright. It didn't blow me away or make me want seconds. I love the experience of being in Old Montreal and enjoying the cobblestone road with the old buildings. It was a chilly day and my waitress was more than accommodating when my friends and I wanted to switch tables and sit in the sunshine. She checked on us frequently and was super polite to us.
3	This is a huge tourist trap spot!  It's pretty huge with several floors and rooms.  There's a to go section, but when we went there, the guy directed us to eat in house because the poutine would be better that way.We got the poutine with fried onions and mushrooms for $10, which was a HUGE serving of poutine!  I asked for tap water and they said they didn't have any.  Um....ok?  So I got the peach juice instead, which wasn't so great.
3	Super touristy spot but for what it is, it's pretty OK. Not a great value, but when I compare it to other tourist traps I've gotten stuck at, it's fine. Wife had the salad with goat cheese which was really the best dish. Kids had super thin pizza which they enjoyed. I had the poutine which didn't grab me though I've never had it before, but the "smoked meat" wasn't smoky or salty. The cheese curds were very mild. The gravy was mild. The fries were mild. I kinda don't get it.Nice beer selection. Someone ordered a burger which turned out well. $100 for 5 lunches and 3 20oz drafts.
3	Good food in a great atmosphere in Old Montreal. As a first-timer to Montreal, I had to try poutine. I ordered the poutine with smoked meat and found it surprisingly delicious. The portion size is large enough for two and I shared a few bites with my family. Everyone enjoyed it. We sat on the busy back terrace and the service was excellent. We never felt rushed and our food came out quickly. Sure, it's touristy, but it's worth a visit.
3	For some reason, with the name poutine in it, I was expecting better poutine. It was good, just not great in my opinion. They do have a wide variety and perhaps I didn't pick the best one, though I can't remember which one I picked anymore. Ah well.
4	Now I can't speak on behalf of this compared to all the other poutine joints in Montreal (since this was our first time trying poutine), but this is a great place. The service was pretty good and the regular poutine (gotta try the basic stuff first) was very yummy. I've had gravy fries before, but adding cheese curds is a pretty awesome addition. There's outside dining tables if it's a nice day out and you can grab a Unibroue beer to make it a really great meal! All in all, it's a good place, especially if it's your first time trying poutine!
1	Refried fries in stale oil, jelly like gravy and chicken so chewy that Goodyear wants the recipe.. Yep, if that is what you are looking for!
2	I ate here for dinner tonight. The service was decent and the poutine was pretty yummy. I enjoyed the ambiance more than anything and it is located right next door to my hostel.There were a some down sides though. They do not serve tap water. If you want water, you either need to bring your own water bottle or you have to purchase one. I already had mine in hand so that ended up being alright. Another is that I gave my money to my server to pay for the check and he came back at me asking how much he owes me...that is something he should figure out on his own. Hell, why should I even sit down at a place if I have to end up doing the math. My phone has a calculator and I was able to figure it out; It just surprised me. It wasn`t a terrible experience by any means, but I`ve had better. I recommend finding poutine somewhere else for much cheaper and probably just as good if not better. I ended up finding some other local eateries around for half the price and you don`t have to pay extra for tip.
2	I took my aunt & mom - we've no problem with portion size or the room/terrace.Service leaves much to be desired. After ordering and waiting 25 minutes and seeing 4 other tables that came after us be served. I caught the server's attention (wasn't easy). I told him that many who came after us have already been served & asked when our order was coming. He barked at me that it was because I ordered a pizza. I corrected him and repeated our entire order.He returned 10-15 minutes later with the entire order explaning another server took his plates. He did not apologize.I've never seen such a tiny hot dog - before this Hot Dog trio I thought the size was standard. The Ceasar salad was sopping wet - there was 1/2 cup of liquid at the bottom of the plate.You are paying for the location - much better can be had at better prices.I mourn the loss of the now defunct Bishop St. location - service, portions & quality of the food served was far superior.Enough said.
3	Nothing special, but in a great location.
1	Terrible service. I bough my poutine to go, then changed our mind and ask if we could sit, and also offered to pay the difference for the "sit down menu" but the rude waitress said that it wasn't possible and "that's why I asked your first, now you can't just change your mind" Nevermind the tables were completely empty! Never seen someone so narrow minded, especially towards a customer for  a such a small request. Just for a such a terrible service I won't be coming back.
2	The service here is DREADFUL.  They promise quick and attentive service, but it's anything but that.  We ordered a burger and a smoked meat sandwich with a side order of poutine.  After waiting 25 minutes what we got was the smoked meat sandwich and a side order of poutine and a very large order of poutine (no burger).  When we agreed take the poutine rather than wait another 25 minutes for a burger, they charged us the price of the burger!  This represents the worst of Montreal tourist trap crap.  Walk a few extra blocks away from Vieux Montreal for some decent service.
3	I had friends over from out of town and they wanted to stop by and eat something typical. The location is great, right in the center of the old port of Montreal. When we first got in they placed us under a removable roof. It was raining quite a lot and water was pouring down on us and our food and beer. The staff didn't even care, and we had to take the initiative to grab our food and move to the interior of the restaurant. I must note that the place was empty, so there was no reason to move us all the way to the back. The poutine was delicious and even though they only had one brand of beer (and most variations of it wasn't available), it was also good. The price was reasonable for the location but the service was very amateurish. Servers concentrated in a single spot and was chatting all night, and laughing and neglecting the very few clients they had. We left a reasonable tip (because we felt like doing so) and the waitress didn't even care to say thank you. My two cents : there are better places to eat in the area for the same price range if you are visiting the old port of Montreal.
3	I'm guessing that this place is sort of a tourist trap, but it's alright taking that into consideration.We sat down here for a couple beers and final poutine before we departed to Miami. *They had a pretty good beer selection - this was actually the first place I saw any of the Unibroue beers offered, which I found odd since I'd expected to see them all over Canada. *I would say the poutine was not bad (we chose chicken), but after having had a couple better ones throughout the trip I was left a little underwhelmed. *The best part about this place was the terrace, although it seems Montreal has perfected the art of the outdoor terrace so again, less exciting simply due to comparison. *Service was meh. I guess the waitress was ok, but I couldn't pick her out of a lineup of one which is a sure sign of average.*Prices were reasonable and portion sizes pretty large. Overall, I felt like this place was ok. Not a bad choice by any means, but there are definitely better choices for poutine OR having a couple drinks.
4	Good poutine, good service but the outdoor patio could be cleaner. End of review haha.But seriously everything was fine, and it's my 2nd time here. We wanted just a quick snack before dinner so split the regular poutine and it was a perfect amount. The service was friendly enough and easy going. Prices were a little above average but this is the tourist old Montreal area haha. All in all, 4 stars. 5 if they cleaned better maybe.
3	Hurray for Poutine - you sound obscene but you are very tasty! French fries with beef gravy and cheese curds. Very yummy. Not sure if this is the best poutine in Canada, but it was a nice introduction!!
4	Good poutine. Terrible, terrible service. Sangria was good as well. Sat out in the back in the garden terrace which was quite nice.
3	After overhyping poutine to my boo for the longest time, I was disappointed by what we started to encounter on our trip to montreal.Every single place seems to just dump cheese curds and pours gravy on top without any of it melting.  MP was no exception.   The poutine was okay and the service was okay.  I could have sworn that in the past I've eaten poutine from a food truck and the gravy was so piping hot that the curds melted. Oh well, maybe it was just my memories, but in the old montreal, there didn't seem to be too many dedicated poutineries to choose from.
3	A pretty terrible day was set right by my sweet waiter, a nice sandwich and good fries. I don't know if I would say it is reasonably priced ,  but for the area it might be. My sandwich, fries and coke were under $18, that's a lot imo but then again, I rarely do tourist areas.I enjoyed the food. I don't understand the comments about service as my waiter was nice and friendly.
5	We wanted the try Montreal's famous Poutine and strolling past here we thought it would be a great spot.  They were very welcoming and our waitress was awesome.  She really pumped us up for the poutine and said would take it personally if we didn't really love it which was cut and nice to have staff like that who promotes the food so well.  The poutine arrived and not something you find in the states.  We dove right in and loved it.  The gravy was rich and full of flavor, fries cooked up just right without a greasy taste and the cheese curds onto were very fresh.  Our first venture with poutine was a great one thanks to Montreal Poutine's good food and great service.  See you our next visit!
5	I don't know anything about poutine but, as a vegetarian, this was a FANTASTIC introduction!  The ambience leaves a lot to be desired for but the staff is super friendly and the Poutine was AMAZING!!!!  (I went for the mushroom & onion poutine)   If only I was still hungry in the slightest...  I would definitely order another one!  Can't wait to come back!
3	Came here around 830pm on New Year's Day as it was one of the few places that were open. Service was friendly but the food was very small-portioned. Had the smoked meat sandwich and pizza. Pizza was very thin and tasted like cheese on crackers. They don't offer water so I got the peach juice which was almost the same price as bottled water and tasted like a powder mix.Don't think the food was worth the price but it's in a tourist area so I'm not surprised. Overall it's somewhere I'm glad I tried but probably won't return.
4	The poutine here was excellent! I would recommend the pulled pork & chicken. Definitely will be coming back, the service was great as well.
2	Not the worst by far from the best. If your name has the main dish in it you better stand out from everyone else including Mc Donald's pushing the same thing, especially if you're gonna overcharge. Not consistent enough for me to go back a fourth time.Sorry guys find some other sucker to pay your rent.If my fellow yelpers must go here to get ur poutin fix keep it simple, and whatever you do stay away from the braised beef!!!I don't know what that animal was, but it wasn't no cow!
4	Are you drunk? Are you starving because you went to a resto that serves miniscule portions? Yes? Find yourself a Montreal Poutine!  At $10, you better expect something yummy and well that's what I got. I got a smoked meat poutine which was absolutely LOADED with gravy, curds and meat. Out of all the poutines I tried on my latest trip, this is the place to go to.
4	If you are looking for a place to eat a good poutine this is the placeFor 10$ you get a fully loaded poutine with LOTS of cheese, gravy and topping.And best of all they have deep fried avocado...what a great discovery
3	They ran out of poutine sandwiches on a Sunday!  Seriously??The pizza smoked meat was okay. My brother and sister both got the poutine smoked meat. My brother's had more meat in it so his was way better. The poutine was beyond okay.  The gravy and cheese were great. I think it would be better to have it as an appetizer instead of the main course. Overall, we weren't very satisfied with our food. There's a pretty decent creperie upstairs though. I don't know if the owner is the same.
3	Ate a hot dog and regular poutine.The poutine had large squeaky curds, tasty gravy and decent fries. It was good.I loved walking through the old town and the old look inside the restaurant.Service was good enough. Cost was more than expected.There was no TV so I couldn't watch the hockey game...and they call themselves Canadian?
3	So my husband and I were really hungry when we saw this place. Trying poutine was on our to-do list. We ordered smoked meat poutine deal but apparently we didn't communicate clearly enough or our words didn't make sense because what we got was a smoked meat sandwich and really really REALLY greasy fries. It was in a to-go container, which meant we didn't even realize our dish was something else until we were a block away sitting on a bench. We chose to-go because were told it'd be cheaper and faster. Plus the place didn't look too clean.Needless to say we ate some some of the food, but can't really say how the poutine was because it wasn't poutine! The bread part of the sandwich wasn't tasty but at least the seagull we gave it to enjoyed it so that's nice.
4	Great place to get poutine! Definitely geared toward the tourists but it's the best I've found. Choice of a variety of meats including smoked meat, bacon, chicken, and pulled pork (you can get it without meat as well). I've had the smoked meat and the pulled pork and both were really good but I'd go traditional with the smoked meat. Huge (dare I say American) portions. Really tasty, just a bit pricey.
2	If you're drunk (we weren't) this would be a good spot.  It was just so-so to us.  The prices are very high for what you get in quality and quantity.  They also do not serve tap water, you must pay if you want to wash down your grease.
1	Poutine is good. Service is poor. Super unsanitize. Wheelchair inaccessible. Saw a staff picking napkins off the floor and putting it behind the counter for the next customers. The tree above the guest tables adds a nice decorative touch to the atmosphere, but it keeps on dropping seeds and leave on our food. They also do not service glass water and forces customer to pay $2.5 per bottle of water. Staffing for each guest table is very unorganized. We have no designated server, and every one is too busy to serve us. I even saw one table's customer coming in for more than 15 minutes and still one serves them. They even have to find a table cloth themselves and clean up their own table before anyone goes up to them. Again food is okay but I will definitely not come here again because of their poor customer service and unsanitary reason. Bad experience here.
4	Has the crepes upstairs. They were awesome. Ingredients so fresh and tasty. Service was very helpful and spoke very good English. Also a beautiful old building with lots of character. Worth a stop in!
2	Despite the reviews, we found ourselves trying this place. We were disappointed that the food was not hot, a can of soda cost $3.50 and the tables were sticky. The courtyard has a nice feel bit that was it. Would recommend for a drink only.
4	Delicious. The cartons of Kirkland smoked meat were stocked up off to the side (so, not authentic) and the service begins with a surly "oui?" but the poutine though probably geared towards us tourists was the best I've had! The toppings cheese and gravy were very generous and two of us were stuffed for under $10. We took the food to go and there are plenty of nice places to eat nearby. Willprobably go crawling back for more.
3	The poutine was good, but they only serve bottled water and soft drinks (how a restaurant can get away with not serving tap water seems criminal!) which essentially forces another 3-5 bucks out of you. Service was ok. I've had a better poutine and overall experience at other places in Montreal. Serving tap water alone would have increased my review... I refuse to buy bottled water wen there is perfectly good tap water at a fraction the environmental impact.
3	Everyone is friendly and nice. The time for the food to come was a little too long but I enjoyed the atmosphere and my beer. It's a tourist trap but at times it does have it's locals at a certain hour. They have every kind of beer in the rainbow.
4	This establishment is grimy in the best way possible. Like the kind of grimy where you walk in and realize more focus probably goes into the food than the paint on the walls. Following a recommendation, we had the must-eat smoked meat sandwich and poutine. This was the first time I ever had a smoked meat (beef in this case) sandwich and I must say, it was AMAZING. Very simple assembly- lots and lots of meat between two slices of bread and a swipe of mustard. We ordered the "upgraded" plate so it came with coleslaw, a pickle, and poutine. The poutine was also quite good. Definitely a touristy, oft-recommended restaurant, but worth it.
3	Had the poutine with onions and mushrooms. It was very tasty for my first time trying this dish. I also tried a Nutella, banana and strawberry crepe upstairs. It was a more crispy than I would have liked.The service was good overall
5	Came here on the advice of a friend who'd been around Montreal. The menu looked plain... devoid of any excesses.  I thought we were in the wrong place. As we were escorted in, a cozy patio opened up like the late flower in spring. Ordered the smoked meat poutine... just one for sharing.  Big mistake. It was delicious. We had to order another one... go for bacon she said. But I... I wanted pulled pork. For a second a standoff ensued, first one to blink loses. She lost her gaze and I won. Pulled pork it was. I forgot how the rest of the night went but yes go to this place. It's good.
2	We stopped in to get one thing: Poutine. Fast, hot, poutine. It felt like we were waiting for the potatoes to grow. And then, the fries and gravy were cold. I asked the waitress to zap it for me, and she came back with a "fresh one", which was not much warmer. The sangria was good though.
1	Filthy, beyond rude. So bad that we refused to even eat there and walked right out. This place does not deserve to be a Montreal restaurant. If you don't believe me, use their outside, next door, upstairs bathroom and decide for yourself.
4	Before we moved to Montreal, a friend recommended that we try poutine when we arrived. One of the first things we did when we got here was to explore Old Port, so when we passed Montreal Poutine, we decided to give it a try. We sat at a table on the patio by the street so that we could still enjoy Rue St. Paul and Old Montreal while we ate. We asked our waiter what he recommended and he suggested smoked meat poutine and sangria. We weren't disappointed. We have taken all of the people who visit us to eat here. They love the food and they love the area. My only complaint is that the tables are always just a little sticky. A bit of a turn off, but the food and drinks make up for it.
3	Nice place to have poutine.  Friendly service
3	I tried regular poutine, it's not that bad but really oily and fatty, which you can tell from its ingredients. My friend tried smoked meat poutine. Well, obviously smoked meat is far behind those in Schwartz but simply an experience of local food.
2	It's pretty much poutin all day, every day in MTL.Happened by this place in time for an afternoon snack knowing we were having a late dinner. We somewhat randomly stopped in as the missus was having an achy foot issue and needed to sit down, and I had to take a call from the office, and we happened to be in front. Fit for purpose, the poutin was good but a bit bland, the menu wasnt much more than poutin, and pricey for just that.  Kind of a cool rickety interior courtyard dining space, but most anywhere else in town has a better rendition of the dish.By no means awful, just nothing to write home about.
1	this review is for one of the three adjoining restaurants. this place is what is printed on the receipt. I can't believe how filthy this place was. the guy cutting strawberries in the dining room, no gloves, was playing with his phone and scratching his ears and other parts of himself. they use the same batter for sweet and savory crepes. got grossed out after a few bites and had to leave.
3	While this is definitely a tourist trap of Old Montreal, it isn't bad! The entire block is the same -- but only the first door on the block has wifi available. They all have a cute outdoor area, and the tables get cleaned when they get to it. The price was a bit high, but the food was not bad. Also, if you do not order a drink, you get no water unless you've brought your own. Their coffee is swill -- bring your own water and then get coffee elsewhere. If you are tired of walking around and want a cute spot to rest your tired dogs while eating something incredibly fatty, then this is not a bad spot to stop!
1	Stay away from this place.  Here are the lowlights:1) The poutine was disgusting.  The cheese curds were ice cold and the braised pork was just ham and had big pieces of fat throughout. When we told the waiter it was cold, he took it upstairs and they just poured more, gross gravy on it.  After a few bites we couldn't continue.  The couple next to us had a similar experience with the "Italian sausage" that was basically just a hot dog.  The wife didn't even eat hers.2) This place was really dirty.  When we walked in at first glance it didn't seem too bad but once we sat down and looked around for a few minutes we noticed the grime and filth all over.  The ceiling was leaking water and there wasn't even a bucket to catch the leak.  The bathroom looked like it hadn't been cleaned ever and was totally disgusting. 3) The tiny hamburger was dwarfed by a giant bun. You could barely taste the burger, which was probably for the better because they only serve burgers well done.4) I ordered the "rouge" ale which came warm.  I didn't want to complain about it until a different waitress told the couple next to us they weren't serving it because it was too warm because they just changed the keg.  She also said the dishwasher was broken so they didn't have clean glasses... My waiter let me drink warm beer from a dirty glass.I hesitate to call this a positive but I feel it's only fair to mention that after we complained, they took my beer and the poutine off the bill.  Too little too late because our lunch and appetite for the day had already been ruined.
3	Nothing to write home about, but tasty nonetheless.This is essentially french fries with cheese, gravy and some kind of meat topped on top of it.  If you're craving something savory or salty--this is it. I enjoyed it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.Definitely try and do your bathroom business before coming here though--bathroom is hideously gross!!
2	More like pooptine. They were out of everything, sad face. There is a fleur de lis on the door though so that was ok.
2	What is poutine? French fries topped with cheese curds and smothered in brown gravy. What are cheese curds? Kinda like rubbery salty cheesy lumps - some people like them but I'm not one of them. Should you try poutine? In my opinion: once, just to get that off your check list.Ok, having decided you want poutine, should you get yours at Montreal Poutine? Here's a hint: google "Best Poutine In Montreal" and a page from thrillist.com comes up. It lists 5 "best places for poutine" in Montreal. And guess what? Montreal Poutine is not mentioned. I haven't tried the other places but from what I have seen of Montreal Poutine I'm not surprised it didn't make their list.My wife had the poutine and I had fries with gravy (poutine minus the cheese curds). For a place specializing in french fries these were pretty unimpressive: short irregular sized potato pieces that were pretty soggy - even the ones that escaped drowning in gravy. And the gravy: way too much - as I said, the fries were drowning in it. And it was brown and salty but not particularly flavorful. I can't comment on the cheese curds but my wife said they were ok.They do have many optional toppings: poutine with chicken, sausage, smoked meat, bacon, etc. which would probably make this boring dish more interesting. I'd probably recommend that if you must have poutine. But we were just in for a snack so we got the basic.Lots of other things like burgers, pizza, salads, etc.  for those who've already got the poutine urge out of their system.Why do they have beer but no wine? We asked for water and they said they only have bottled water! What? You can't open a tap and fill a glass with free water like basically every other establishment anywhere would do? There are only two possible explanations; 1: you're  greedy and trying to extract every last dime from the customer or 2: your water is unsafe to drink in which case you shouldn't be cooking with it or using it in any way in your restaurant. I should take 1 point off for the water issue but I'm already at 2 stars so we'll leave it at that. Find someplace else to eat - you can do better.
2	Tourist trappy place (as you'd expect) in Old Port.We had three kinds of poutine (Italian sausage, mushroom onion, shredded pork) and a smoked sandwich with friesPoutine was okay; nothing special.  Ditto the smoked meat. The fries with the smoked meat sandwich were cold (maybe they are always able to upsell to poutine and that heats them up?)We were initially seated at a table adjacent to the bathroom. The bathroom is nasty. Really nasty, and the smell wafts into the small dining area when the door is opened. Not good for the old appetite; know what I'm sayin?Bright side: the beer was cold.
5	Great ambience, great poutine. Couldn't have asked for more. Nice find in a fun area!
2	We visited Montreal on a cold winter day and wandered into Montreal poutine. The best thing going for this place is the location in old Montreal ... Unfortunately the prices are too high and the poutine was cold! Our smoked meat sandwiches were small for what we paid.
3	After coming in and trying the food at this place I can definitely say I am not a poutine person. Maybe it is an acquired taste. Nothing against this establishment in general, I just was not a big fan of the food. We got the smoked meat poutine which is basically French fries with gravy and cheese and smoked meat on top. It didn't look or taste appetizing. I love fries but I realized I can't have them with gravy. I found myself digging through the food to find the French fries not touched by the meat or gravy. The smoked meat was ok, nothing too memorable about it.
