5	They serve boba tea and just opened today 12/16/14 really clean and modern look people were nice
5	My husband and I had lunch here today during their soft opening. We asked John, the owner, to basically pick for us what we should eat for our first time. We were starving so we asked for 2 appetizers and 2 main dishes.We had the Firecracker Salmon Rolls ($5), the Spring Rolls ($5), the Noodle Bowl with Pork (which is noodles and salad together, topped with the meat of your choice ($8), and the BBQ Pork Banh Mi (sandwich) ($5). Each item came with it's own sauce and we tried them all and even mixed them all at once with some of their red pepper flake chili sauce. You can't go wrong mixing those flavors.Everything was DELICIOUS! It was fast casual Vietnamese food - healthy, fresh, and left us feeling satisfied and good about what we had put in our bodies.The staff is friendly and helpful. The location is right off the I-17 behind the Lamar's Donuts. Try it (and all the sauces) and you will not be disappointed.We can't wait to go again!
5	I have gone here for lunch two days in a row and am love!! The firecracker salmon rolls and spring rolls are amazing! Loved the classic and BMB special are great sandwiches and are only $6 a piece! I tried a few specialty drinks but the taro smoothie with boba is my favorite. The coconut shaved ice is pretty fantastic too! The customer service is top notch and very helpful!
5	I have been coming for Vietnamese food since John and his lovely were in downtown Glendale.... I easily will eat here once a week... The food is simply divine.... the people are great... It is so fresh and everything is done so well... the decor, the awesome deliverables... You could close your eyes and just pick blind from the menu and you will not be disappointed.... The prices are so reasonable I feel guilty ordering... Top notch no lie ---- you are going to love it....
5	I drove by and decided to stop for lunch. Wow! They deserve 5 stars. The cleanliness of the restaurant, the quality of service and friendliness and quality of food is magnificent. I got the shaken beef Vietnamese sandwich and yum! You can just taste that it's made with love! :) I also got the green tea milk with boba for the first time it's awesome. John is excellent he has to be the owner or manager. I will definitely be having lunch here again and bring all my friends! Thank you John for such a lovely lunch
5	I had the shaken beef banh mi and the spring rolls. The bread was crisp on the outside (but not too crisp) and soft on the inside, it was perfect. Plenty of meat in the sandwich with fresh toppings. The jalapenos had a nice kick to them. The sandwich was excellent. The spring rolls, well, there is only one other place in town that does them as good as they do here. Known fact: it's owned by another family member. Hard to beat them, they are outstanding.
5	The bread is to die for! Crunch yet not dry...Sandwiches are a great value and this is the authentic Vietnamese eatery...Best spring rolls with peanut dipping sauce. Get the classic Banh mi special sanwhich...the fried egg takes this to a whole new and awesome level. The food would be well worth it at twice the cost...so take advantage of this unique authentic and friendly Bistro...and enjoy eating your way through the menu. I will be back many times now that I found this gem.
5	Happy to note that a new Vietnamese eatery has been added to north Phoenix, and conveniently located on Bell Rd. just off I-17. Wondering why they decided to call it a bistro rather than just a restaurant, I decided to give it a try. It's definitely cozy, smaller than most Vietnamese eateries in the Valley but it's very clean and has a bit of a trendy look. The menu selection is smaller than in most Vietnamese restaurants, which is a good thing actually - it makes ordering easier, and the simple menu is displayed in 2 screens just over the counter. They do serve Asian shaved ice and milk teas, which is definitely a plus. The food is tasty, full of the refreshing savory-herbal flavors characteristic of the cuisine - and inexpensive, which is an important consideration for me. Another bonus: WiFi is available!
5	Yum, yum and YUM! The spring rolls with pork and shrimp are amazing, and the Banh Mi are GREAT! I got the grilled pork and it didn't disappoint! It was fast, the service is wonderful and the place is really cute! I'll definitely go back.
5	The banh mi here is absolutely delicious! Had the banh mi bo luc lac or shaken beef and the flavor was on point. I was so full from the sandwich! Would recommend this to anyone who needs a quick bite to eat during their lunch break! They have desserts and boba drinks too.
5	Have been looking for Bahn Mi. Found extremely affordable and fantastically tasty!!! I was so pleasantly surprised.... I'll be a repeat customer.
5	Great food!  Excellent flavors.  My dad and I split the BBQ Pork, and the BMB Special sandwiches.  Perfect size, great food.  And the Spring Rolls are always amazing.  Come check them out, you will not be disappointed.
5	Had the grilled pork and also shewn beef sandwiches.... This restaurant has a great atmosphere, fantastic food and great service! Awesome new addition. I will be eating here often. Come try it out.
5	finally...been waiting for little saigon to expand and they hit the mark! New bistro is a great sandwich shop. I've had the steamed pork and the bo luc lac sandwiches and both have been awesome. Very fresh. Great bread, good bite to the vegetables and very tasty meat.   I also tried the spring rolls which were great. (loved the peanut sauce)  The owner was very friendly and seemed to be having fun. Will surely return.
4	Excellent!  Highly recommended!I rated this 4 stars because it begins to look suspicious when all of the reviews are 5 stars.
5	The best Vietnamese food I've had so far in the US! Unbelievable, and for a crazy low price. Will be there pretty much every day now:)
