5	Yummy doughnuts!!! Not a fan when It comes to peanut butter flavored things but omg, the peanut butter cheesecake doughnut is just something I think about after I've had it! It's a glazed doughnut then stuffed with the pb-cheesecake filling topped off with whipped cream and sprinkled with butterfinger bits! Must try! Barvarian cream also really good!! My hubby likes the s'mores and my kiddies love the fruit bar. Can't wait to try more!And I love the location it's in town square so we don't have to drive far!
1	I've come to this location twice. Both times after noon. Both times they've been closed. Really inconvenient to come all the way here  for nothing.
5	Well, so far I'm a huge fan. I gave into my sweets cravings today and made a sneak run over to the Pink Box to see if I could get a bacon donut that I've heard so much about. Unfortunately, they were almost out of everything...which leads me to the next subject at hand. There are some things to know about Pink Box.They open around 10 or 10:30 and they sell sell sell what they have baked for the day, and when they run out, they close up shop. So if you want to make sure you get the donut you want, or ANY donuts at all, get there early!I wasn't overly opposed to settling for a different donut since they were out of bacon one I had wanted to try. I couldn't decide between a raspberry filled and a chocolate glazed, so I got both. To my delight, the girl working the cash register offered to give me a third one on the house, which I quickly and excitedly accepted, and got a sugar glaze. My total was $2 - I was ecstatic!The donuts are amazing! I mean, how much better can one chocolate glazed donut be from another?  Well, try this one and you will understand. I intend to return on another day early enough to get my pickings.
1	I have been contemplating my "cheat meal" all week and wanted none other than Pink Box. Well I was extremely disappointed with not only their selection but their entire set up, decor, ambiance and service. I felt like I walked into a 10x10 closet with an awkwardly unhelpful employee. Besides the lack of aesthetics, there were hardly any specialty donuts! Their selection was dismal and disappointing. I was not going to pay for an over priced glazed donut that I could get anywhere else. I have tried the Fat Elvis donut before and it was amazing. However unavailable at this location along with any of the other specialty donuts I wanted to try. Needless to say I left empty handed. If you plan on being open for extended hours or 24/7 like the other locations than I suggest having something worth choosing from.
3	I am re-reviewing Pink Box (only seems fair) since I had a much better experience this time around. I decided to give it a second shot because besides the service, I know their donuts are damn good. I got there around noon and to my delight, almost every donut was available. I bought half a dozen and they gave me to 2 free chocolate glazed donuts! I asked the employee what time they usually open and she said whenever she gets here and they close once they sell it. That was the only thing I still didn't like. But I am happy walking out with my Pink Box and a very happy 5 year old with two chocolate glazed with sprinkles donuts in hand (for free I might add again). I'm sure I will be back!
1	You would think by almost 11 am that they would have doughnuts in stock right? Nope not a one and when I asked when they opened I got "ohhhh whenever but later on the weekends" really? No set business hours?? Don't waste your time driving over there. On the up side someone got free time on my parking meter:)
2	I've had the original pink box donuts bookmarked forever, but since it's completely on the other side of town in an area that I never get to, I waited patiently for them to open a location closer to me. I was walking around Town Square and remembered they had opened here, so I had to stop in. Decided to do a half dozen to sample. Fat Elvis (x2)Campfire s'mores Cheesecake Maple BaconKey Lime PieAfter my first bite of the Fat Elvis, I was excited for this flavor, then I had a second bite and hit the horrible peanut butter frosting in the middle. It was so artificial tasting. Key Lime Pie, I love anything citrus/sour, this again was so artificial tasting and it burned going down (not in a spicy way, a not nice sour way). Maple Bacon was beyond my comprehension. The bacon was horrid. I will save this place for all the donut lovers. Wasn't my thing.
1	Closed at 10:30am on Easter weekend in a tourist shopping center in a tourist city. Called number taped to window to find out that owner might be there within 45 minutes. Black box is a more appropriate prognosis for this business.
1	I wish I could put zero stars. The hours say 6-5 and they aren't even open! Many of my friends have had this same issue here, and when you try to call you get a message that says "mailbox full". Annoying.
1	The Town Square location shows they open at 10am.  I got there just before 10 and the shelves were empty and store locked.  The lady  next door was nice enough to tell me they get here anywhere from 10:30 to 11. This is bad business and the best way to have this location close quickly.
2	Please note: My review and star rating are temporary, as I'm hoping my opinion changes.I keep looking at the photos in other reviews, and these suckers look absolutely irresistible!  Unfortunately, I feel like I'm never going to know for sure.  I've been by three times, always between 8 and 10 am, and they've never been open.  I work in pet care, so I do most of my work between 630 and 10, and I keep hoping I can end my morning shift with a donut here, but it's beginning to feel like Brigadoon!The idea of a bacon donut doesn't appeal to me, but I'm a huge fan of glazed, vanilla cream filled, raspberry filled, chocolate covered, etc.  I guess I'll continue to wait until the auspicious day when they make enough donuts to still have some in stock after 9 am.
3	Finally got to try them out.  The donuts were fantastic, but the service sucked, slow and inept, and it was so loud inside the kids working the counter couldn't even hear my order.I guess I didn't get here soon enough after the grand opening to take advantage of the great deals some other reviews have mentioned.  The really clever and heavenly varieties are $1.95 each, definitely not cheap for a donut.  The more conventional ones are a dollar, and are still quite good, but if you're coming here for something different, it's gonna cost you a pretty penny.My big splurge was on a strawberry shortcake donut, and it was incredible!  Both the cream and the dough were among the best I've tasted in all my years in Henderson.  I want to try a bunch of others, but like most humans, I have to limit my donut consumption if I want to limit my visits to the cardiologist.
