5	I remember literally running into Aidan Quinn here on a girl's night out, shortly after "Legends of the Fall" had come out (as in smacking right into that manly, deep-barreled chest of his while not looking) and thinking to myself, "Hot Damn, I need to come here more often!"Star-sightings aside, Jello Bar has been the lounge lizard's choice of hangout in Montreal since the mid 1990's. The selection of cocktails, the funkadelic names, the acid jazz music and ambient ethos all make this place work. A more mature crowd, this is definitely not your typical raucous club for younger 20-somethings.Grab a group of your best gal-pals, dress up, go out for dinner and then come here for drinks and a relaxing evening, it's my tonic of choice from time to time.
5	We went there a wednesday. The ban playing was great. Great clientelle, alltogether great.
5	Absolutely the best experience I had in Montreal - or any city I can remember!  I highly recommend this place!!Me and my GF were treated SO WELL by the owner who personally took an interest in us and made the experience there wonderful. The music was amazing - 70s funk/R&B for the most part.  Excellent drinks, nice staff, chill vibe, plenty of room to hang out.  It seems geared towards the "over-25" crowd, which is nice for those of us who aren't interested in hanging with the college crowd. Don't miss this place - a true Lounge.
5	This is one of my favourite places in Montreal!Jello Bar has some of the best live bands around, a great crowd, and awesome staff.  I like that the crowd is mixed from young to old, and you never feel outta place here. It's a easy going, and the space big enough that it doesn't have to be too jammed packed. They have a ton of martinis, beers on tap. and Pool table towards the back. All the nights that I have gone have a fun vibe.If you enjoy upbeat funk, R&B, jazz and not watching  kids get so wasted they're crawling out of a place then I think this could be a winner for ya.
5	This place is the illest.  That's all I have to say.  My dirty martini was perfect.  Shout out to the band So Disrespectful.  They tore it up.
4	Funky space, amazing martinis, kick ass servers and a great space. Loving the lava lamps in the window and the location is perfect, right between St Denis and St Laurent. The dj was really good on the night we were there; she was spinning all kinds of tunes and the music somehow managed to not drown out the possibility of conversation. This is the kind of place that makes me stop, pause and thank baby Jesus that I am lucky enough to live in Montreal.
5	Jello Martini Lounge is one of the best lounges that Montreal has to offer. The entrance draws you in, especially with their lava lamps and outer vibrations of great music being played inside. It's spacious, but gets easily filled up, and in the summer time you can expect it to get scorching hot and steamy in there (nothing that dancing in front of the large fans can't fix). Jello hosts great live shows and represents some of Montreal's finest up and coming jazz, funk, and soul artists - my favourite being Soulvation. The crowd is a great combination of all ages, not too young and not too old. Just some solid good and classy people looking to have a good time.Now lets get to the drinks, they named their lounge after it - so it must be that good. Their martinis are delicious, fun, and different. They have so many to choose from, they're all worth it. Their Dirty Martini's are made to perfection, as are their Cosmo's for those who like a bit of a sweeter kick. They have so many, I couldn't possibly list all my favourites. You really must try them out... on numerous occasions or in one sitting! Whatever floats your boat.
