5	Conveniently located next to the Galaxy theaters the service is both prompt and delivered with a smile. They were happy to probe my tastes to figure out what I would like and offered samples before I choose one. I ended up with the candy bar smash which was spectacular.
5	Conveniently located next to the Galaxy Theatre, I decided to try this place. I was craving something sweet before heading next door to the movies and this hit the spot. The place was very clean and the staff was really nice.  They store hours are great because they don't close too early. I'm crossing my fingers and hoping they add a green tea yogurt. ;)
5	So yummy! Way better than Baskin Robbin which is in the same shopping plaza. I had the pumpkin pie with white chocolate chips and my husband had chocolate and cinnamon roll. We were instantly greeted by the friendly staff and one of the girls offered us to try samples. I tried the chocolate and pumpkin pie (both of which were yummy). It was hard to decide on which to get. I will definitely be back! The frozen yogurt was tasted so delish & was more flavorful than ice cream, but not overly sweet, They also have a nice selection of toppings to choose from. The price was just right. I think it was around $0.45 an ounce. It's so nice to see local places like this pop up in my neighborhood.
5	Great flavors-the caramel frappe is very yummy and so is cinnamon roll.  We also liked the fall classic pumpkin pie!!  Great topping choices!Very nice, warm, and friendly staff to greet us.  Always clean!This will be our place to go after Volley Ball Games at Club Sport.
5	What a great party room!  We had our team party there and everything was smooth.  The staff was great and both parents and kids had a great time!  As always Endless Swirls has out done themselves,  Great flavors, variety of toppings, and as always the staff is outgoing, friendly and ready with suggestions and samples!  We will be back!
1	I would consider myself kind of a frozen yogurt expert, considering I frequented Pinkberry about 3 times a week for a year, and then moved on to Menchies and Yogurtland.  All 3 of which blow Endless Swirls out of the water.All of the flavors I tried tasted like they had chemicals in them. I think the staff here needs to re-read the instruction manual or something.  The mix was off for sure.Not one person in my family, including my 4 & 7 year old finished their yogurt. If two kids won't even finish it because it "tastes weird", then you know something's up.The only redeeming factor was that the credit card machine would not swipe my card, and they have no way to take it manually so the nice old lady working there gave it to me for free.  So in the end, at least the worst yogurt I've ever tasted was free!
4	Convenient location, great customer service. They have a wide variety of flavors and toppings. I enjoyed my experience here and I will gladly come back many times. Endless Swirls is definitely one of my favorites!
4	Great yogurt! but pomegranate is my favorite! Boycotting till pomegranate returns! My dollar is my vote! Where's pomegranate!! We want pomegranate, We want pomegranate, We want pomegranate!!!!
4	Yay for a fro-yo place close to home!  Yay for Endless Swirls and their yummy fro-yo!  Yay for Debbie who is wonderful, keeps the place spotless, and is full of great info -- actually, she's the coolest fro-yo person we've ever run across!  Boo for the bizarre policy wherein an employee isn't allowed to hand you a couple of tasting cups, but has to do it for you -- as in, they have to stand there and fill your tasting cup for you, etc..  It's offputting and ridiculous.  If it weren't for the tasting policy this would have been a 5 star review -- if they ever change the policy then we'll change it to 5 stars, for sure.
5	Great neighborhood frozen yogurt place. The owner and staff are super friendly and encourage you to try free samples. So far chocolate, strawberry, cheesecake, and kettle corn (caramel pretzel) are our favorites!
1	They had a groupon out which gives you 4 groupons onto your account and the employees say you can only use 1 per person per day. I was there with my boyfriend and cousin, and the cashier said that's the policy. obviously... We are THREEEEEEEE PEOPLE so that's THREE customers you're displeasing. I don't know what their deal is, but they seriously need to learn how to count. The cashier said the only way I could redeem the three groupons is if they, too, and them on their phones. Oh, and they need music. The environment is awkward. And you can find yogurtland cheaper by the ounce. Never coming back again EVEN IF I still have these stupid groupons.
5	Cute yogurt shop conveniently located right next to galaxy theaters. I love that they have a lot of "popper" topping flavors. Kiwi, Strawberry, Blueberry, & Mango.Yummy and Great Price. :)
1	Thier cash register doesnt work and this is apparently a regular thing. I had to run over to smiths because my family had already made thir yogurt. Dont go here unless you have cash.
4	Mmmmmmn this was a very tasty treat after seeing a good movie next door at the Galaxy Theater. I have never been here and it has been awhile since I have had fro yo. This frozen yogurt joint is cute, clean and fun! My buddy Raymond tested a bunch of flavors before making his final decision.I sampled the chocolate peanut butter cup and cheesecake. The samples are so cute and generous and the lady employee told me I could test every single flavor if I wanted. I decided on the cheesecake and strawberry combo swirl. Mmmm it was so good and I added white chocolate chips and almond pieces.This was an Orgasm in my mouth for sure! I could not help but moan a little with every yummy bite. I will be back and that is no lie!10% off with a hash tag or check in.Mmmm yum yes!
1	Frozen yogurt is frozen yogurt, to the layperson.  I doubt you could tell the difference between this place and any other in town in a blind taste taste.  These guys are getting one star for a very simple reason.I really, really, REALLY hate it when people put their marketing crap on my car while it's in a parking lot.  So you can imagine how irritating it was to come out from the movie theater and find their little 10% off cards tucked into EVERY FREAKING WINDOW of my car.  Six of them.  I'm not completely sure of what the community standards are here in regards to four letter words, so I'm just going to keep thinking them instead of typing them.Go clean up your parking lot, Swirls.  And hire a sign-flipper or something.  It's way more eco-friendly.
