5	Fantastic new place! Evening music, third wave coffee as good as it gets, vegan and vegetarian menu and prices are excellent!
4	Open until midnight, quite a few eating options besides good latte! AWESOME! Also it is very spacious with lots of seats and tables :)
4	Essayer leur bol tofu, algue, riz, kimshi (c'est pas mal coreen!) excellent!
5	Easily one of my favorite places to go to, You can go early and study and then stick around for always awesome music, Or go for brunch, lunch or dinner withs friends. Its delicious, its cheap, its low key, and they have great music!Love it
4	Best hot chocolate in Montreal! This place has a great cosy atmosphere and super delicious drinks. They seem to host events (reading, musical performances) frequently as well.
5	I'm not a vegan.  I'm not even a vegetarian.  But I would totally become a regular here if I lived nearby.  Cheap, fast, very tasty, and the live music is a nice touch!
5	Great little coffee shop. As a former fromage-lover who turned vegan for health reasons, I can honestly say that their cashew cheese is one of the best I've ever had. I had the grilled cheese (really good bread, Earth Balance, cashew cheese, +apple slices) and my omnivore husband got chili with guacamole and cashew sour cream. He begged me to replicate the sour cream as soon as we get back home -- that's a ringing endorsement from someone who eats dairy on the daily.
4	Nice beers and cocktails and veggie-friendly food gets served up in this half-sunken friendly music room on Parc Avenue. If I lived closer I would hang out here all the time I think, I love a space where I can work with a laptop or read with a book without feeling like I'm in the way, that's not too brightly lit, where I can eat and drink beer and then see live music. The stage is in the back and is big enough for a 6 piece with keys and drums and everything, and the sound is warm if a little buzzy. Mostly jazz here, with an emphasis on the experimental.
4	I really like this place. They have very good, reasonably priced vegan food, quality and the service is pretty fast even on busy evenings. This sounds cheesy but they've really cultivated a good, community vibe. Wish I lived closer!
4	Omg the food is amazing and well priced. The menu has many cool original things to choose from. The menu is just the right size, especially when you're the type of person like me who has a hard time choosing! Staff is a bit on introverted shy side..Many many people seem to come here to work on their laptops...which gives the place a kind of school cafeteria vibe, which is not a bad thing! It gives it a relaxed, "minding my own business" tone. Would need a bit of love in the "looks department" but doesn't affect the overall experience. I have a feeling the vibe is a bit different in the evening because they have live bands playing. Can't wait to come and check that out :-) Love this place and will definitely be coming back !P.S. The Alpukat smoothie... OMG seriously the best combo ever!! Espresso... Avocado wow!
