5	Great selection of beads and beading materials.  Friendly staff too.
5	I agree with Sonya, great selection of beads and nice staff.  I thought the prices were comparable to those that I saw when I lived in Virginia - especially on the gem stones, but since this is my first stop in at a bead store in NC, I'm not sure how it measures up.  There is a resident cat that hangs out in the store, and a big table for beading (not sure if it is for classes only or if anyone can use it...)  Very nice!!
5	Even if you're not a bead nerd, or a craft nerd at all, you're still going to be grabbing things as soon as you walk through the door. Fondling stones. Poking at vials of the tiniest Japanese-made seed beads you've ever seen. Paging through books, perusing the HUGE collection of vintage glass and plastic stuffs. Checking out the finished projects on display (brag brag brag). If you are a bead nerd (forgive me! I'm not) you'll instantly recognize that you're in a world class bead store. That it compares to the ones you've been to in NYC or SF. That whatever project you could possibly imagine, if it involves stringing things, could have its supply list happily filled at the store in which you stand. And if you're me, and a first-time-bead-weaver, you'll get all the advice you need, not to mention supplies, at a reasonable price, without being upsold to the entire time. And when something goes wrong, or you have a question, you can pile in with a bag full of half-finished, plop it down on the counter, and have a little troubleshooting session with whoever's on staff. Awesome.
5	Best bead store in Charlotte. Yes, I have been to them all. These people are the nicest too. I made an angel wing necklace and matching earrings for my friend on my lunchbreak. It was less than half the cost for just the neklace in the store! Ill def be back! They let me use their tools for free (: great selection of beads!
5	I love this store...the staff is always helpful and knowledgable. The owner, Lydia, is always willing to go out of her way to assist a customer and to accomodate whenever possible.They have the best selection in this area and a wonderful schedule of basic as well as advanced classes. Lydia brings in new and talentedinstructors in an effort to offer the widest variety of classes.If you're in the Charlotte area, this is a worthwhile stop!
5	I love this store! I brought my 8 year old niece in for her birthday to make a necklace. I have very basic beading skills (and my niece had none) and the owner, Lydia, was so helpful! She helped us pick out beads and a style that would be easy to make for her to do herself, but came over to the work table and helped with the finishing and clasp. The store carries a really great selection of pretty beads and stones and the staff is always super friendly and helpful!
5	Um, wow. What diverse beads you have! And stones. And cuffs. And projects that will straight up impress you. I love me a little crafty goodness and Beadlush has just that. Want to make some brass fork earrings? How about a beaded necklace for your sister? Or maybe you want to just pop in and play around with their rivet machine? Beadlush has a zillion options and very friendly and helpful staff to boot. I've been in a few times now and every time I get these grandiose notions that I can create one of those stunning necklaces on display. I mean, I end up choosing something easier for the sake of my sanity and that of those around me. However, the intention and the ability is there - it can even be catered to with Beadlush's classes. Love live the lushes...and Beadlush!
2	Knowing that I am a jewelry fan and bead fan, someone got me a Beadlush gift certificate for my bday. I was thankful, even though it wasn't my favorite spot.  So I went to the popular shop in Plaza Midwood and walked in.  I was greeted with a growl from who I perceived to be the manager or owner. O-kay....So I wander around the store looking for something to spend my card on and it took me about an hour to find anything I even kind of liked. Not for a lack of options, but I guess either it was a bit too granola-y ?? I even asked the lady for some inspiration or  "what would go with this" type of questions with not much help at all.  So I left finally with some stuff I kind of liked. I made the necklace with the goods and in one wearing 4 beads had broken which I thought was a little indicative of the whole experience. When I go elsewhere perhaps my clasp will break because of operator error, but I usually never have bead issues. Oh well....
4	A good selection of beads and much more...love the relaxed welcoming atmosphere from the time you entered. They made eye contact, smiled and made me feel welcome. Definitely will go again.
3	My Daughter has been searching online for a specific bead that she has seen at Hobby Lobby. I found Beadlush by searching on Yelp, and we made the hike to check it out. My Wife found several things she liked, Alex did too. I waited in the corner while they shopped.A class had just ended, and when everyone left we had the place to ourselves. The woman behind the counter was the owner I believe, and she came out to help my girls. Everything was organized by style, and little baggies and a sharpie were provided to keep track of the prices. I'm not very experienced in the cost of this stuff, but they got what they wanted, and I didn't spend too much. Why 3 stars? I got the feeling that the staff prefers experienced jewelry makers over rookies like us. They were helpful, but sometimes I got the feeling that they didn't put a lot of importance on our visit. While we were there, a few regulars came in to pick up orders, and they definitely got the full attention of the staff Will we go back? Sure, it was nice to see all of the different beads, etc.
5	When I travel I always like to find bead stores that carry something unique.  The reviews of this place were what drew me in...and the experience will bring me back.  Great staff and I had to make 3 rounds before I was sure I had seen all there was to see!  Travelled back to upstate NY with a load of treasures that I can't wait to make into some beautiful pieces!
4	Went in to find a unique gift for a co-worker and came out with 2 gifts for others and 3 for myself!  Great handmade jewelry, scarves, home decor, and other accessories from local & semi-local artisans.  There is an antique area and, of course, the craft area where you can purchase your own beads and jewelry making supplies.  They offer classes and special crafting events as well.  The owner was very helpful and friendly.  Since a lot of the items are handmade, those can be more expensive.  There are a wide range of prices.
