4	One-half bistro, one-half wine store...This restaurant is basically the back-room for AZ Wine Company.   You  enter through the wine store (where you can incidentally pick a bottle for dinner from their vast collection), then you make your way over to their dining area.  Don't worry -- if you purchase wine from their shop, they will wave the cork fee for dinner.The cozy (read: teeny-tiny) bistro section, is dimly lit and sparse on  decor.  But if you happen to love candles and basic black everything, this is the spot for you.  Their menu is small, but the dishes are flavorful and well prepared.  Their website claims that the food is southwest inspired -- but that's not exactly how I would describe it.  The courses are more like French PLUS: French + Korean, French + Italian, French + Southwest... you get the picture.  The waiting staff is not only polite, and well informed about dishes, but discreet (i.e. they won't bug the hell out of you while you are trying to eat).  This is the perfect place to take a date.NOTE:  The mapping feature doesn't accurately display where this business is located, so I uploaded a pic.  It is on Scottsdale Rd (just South of Thomas) in a rather non-descript shopping center, next to a beauty salon.**UPDATE:  It looks like the map has been fixed :)
4	Half bistro---half wine store?  It works well.  What else would one expect in Scottsdale?Truly Southwestern-accented menu with an international flare. We started off with mussels in a kettle of Baja chowder.  It was amazing!  Our entre's were just as flavorful. We were told the dishes are seasonally tweaked which adds great variety to the menu.  This is one of those places that have a small menu and it shows with the exceptional quality of dishes.  They did it right.
4	Atlas is a place for the foodies, the gastronomers, folks with a trained palate and the adventurous. Not your place if you need Buffalo wings, burgers and fries or a grilled chicken salad. Like their website states: "Organic, hand foraged, local, wild, line caught, sustainable and exotic are just some of terms you will find on the menu that our chefs revise daily".  I love that! The fun part is it's a BYOB restaurant...attached to a wine shoppe (AZ Wine Company). So if you don't bring your own, shop next door first. Wine pairing assistance available. Reservations are HIGHLY recommended.
5	This place has like... .4 or 5 tables....MAKE A RESERVATION!For reals.This place has killer food.  Killer.It's so good.  I love it.
5	Outstanding in almost every way.  The menu changes daily, although about half the dishes remain for more than a week.  Two quick and easy points:1. The attached wine store is great.  Respectable selection, a bit higher than total wine or bev mo, but the corkage is less if you buy next door so go ahead and save the time.2. Prixe Fixe options are 3 or 4 course.  Get the 4, the portions are small for America, but right in line with what a good dining experience should be, and that's variety.  Who wants to stuff themselves with 20oz of the same cut of steak?  Fat Southerners do... I began my meal with breaded sweetbreads.  They were fantastic... perfectly cooked and just the right amount to satisfy an early bite.  The next course was roasted golden beets with spinach and duck confit.  Awesome.  Great flavors.  My main course was a local ribeye which came out closer to medium than my ordered med-rare.  The cut was about 5oz in my opinion, but again, perfect to me.  The seasoning throughout the dinner was spot on... I mean perfect.  The final course was called "death by elvis" and was a chocolate, peanut butter, banana cheesecake topped with candied bacon.  NOTHING can describe the bliss here...Lastly, in my opinion, very few restaurants cook well enough to bring a prized bottle of wine to for a special occasion.  Although I adore great wine, I hate it when the wine becomes the star of the evening, and not the food.  This is one place that makes the cut for those of you who have a great bottle and want impeccable food to pair it with.  Enjoy!
5	What a pleasant surprise!!  I have worked in many fine dining and restaurants that put an emphasis on pairing foods and sauces that compliment each other, and being recently transplanted to the Scottsdale area, I am very pleased to find this jewel.  First, this place starts on a great foot by letting you buy wine next door at about wholesale prices, because all great food has good to great compliments of wine.  I am used to the smaller portions and having many of them, my date and I both got the 4 course tasting menu allowing us to sample many of there plates.  It was a couple of weekes ago that I dined but standing out still were the endive salad, OsaBuco style short rib, and an amazing apple and fennel dessert.  I was very pleased to have found the Atlas Bistro
5	This restaurant is as good as it gets.  I have changed my last meal on earth to include anything from Atlas Bistro.Now for my handy tips...this place is BYOB, so bringing your own booze means it's time to splurge on that nice bottle that you have tucked away for a rainy day!  Having a wine store attached to the restaurant is DANGEROUS...but darn convenient when you aren't quite sure what type of wine/champagne you want to commit to until "Game Time".  We started with a 1/2 bottle of champagne freshly purchased from AZ Wine next door.  Then followed with an amazing French Red.  The menu changes daily however there are a few wonderful dishes that stay on the menu, which include the sweetbreads, endive salad, and the delicious duck dish.  I went with a seasonal mushroom starter w/goat cheese (YUM!), procuitto & melon salad, duck, and yikes...I have forgotten what I had for dessert.  Damn French wine!  Needless to say, this was hands down, one of the best meals I've had in my life.  Manfriend says that EVERYTHING here is consistantly good, so I would try anything your palate desires.Reservations are a MUST, since there are only 7 or 8 tables.  Atlas Bistro has many regulars that go in weekly, so many of their tables are already reserved each Friday or Saturday night.  This is a great place for a romantic date or a birthday or anniversary celebration.The owners are AWESOME...it's rare that you ever get to meet the owners much less have them serve you and suggest dishes.  Atlas Bistro is a complete treat and I can't wait to go back!
5	Ummm....delicious, that's all i have to say about this place. small and quaint, had the owner as my server, who was very knowledgeable about the products being used. once again the food was exceptional, I had the seven course tasting menu and everything was light and very fresh. the highlights would consist of a red Alaskan snapper dish with quinoa and melon dish wish a wonderful rhubarb sauce, and a cheese course of purple haze and peaches that went perfectly together. The time in between dishes took a little longer then I would have liked but with all the attention to details it was worth the wait.
5	It's funny, reading down these reviews I really don't have much to add. I think it's best summed up by Nicki H. Starting with bubbly and moving into a nice red you will never go wrong at Atlas. Hey, even if you do want that white its only 20 feet away! Definitely call ahead. Seriously, pound for pound and what you get for your money it is the best date spot in Scottsdale. You feel exclusive in small space which is a turn on to most. I say go immediately, or as soon as you can get a reservation.
4	To be clear: 4.5 stars My first Yelp Eats restaurant was Atlas; frankly I wish I was spending the entire week there, oh the sacrifices I make for you Yelp. I was joined by Chrissy P and Andrew K whose reviews I'm sure you've already read. I've heard about Atlas endlessly from a friend of the owner Todd and this promotion made it that much more accessible.  Todd attended to us throughout the evening, though one of the chefs also came out to say hello to all of the diners. Let me get my only two cons out of the way now: the corkage fee was $10 per bottle which I found a touch extravagant. Just a touch darling. Especially considering their dining room opens onto AZ Wine and the urge to pair wine with your dinner seems almost mandatory. Which brings me to point number two: I don't like that the restaurant opens on to AZ Wine. AZ Wine has a VERY different look and feel to it than Atlas Bistro and I would guess AZW benefits a lot more from the indoor entrance than Atlas. Everything else about the dinner and service was 5 star, for sure. I opted for the additional fourth course (a starter) for $40 instead of 3 courses for $25, and this prices are ridiculously slashed compared to their normal $55 and $60. Not that the food isn't worth $60, because it is. All I'm saying is GO THERE IMMEDIATELY! You only have 3 days left!!! I started with the duck breast over mushroom risotto and the duck was quite rare, gamey and delightful. I'm told this is one of the only dishes that has been on the menu since Atlas opened seven years ago. The second course was smoked salmon over a pureed potato cake and my response to that is yum yum yum. The salmon had a great texture, was not overly salty and melted in my mouth. The potato cake was made from angel's breath and clouds. I think I'm in love. For my third course I tried the grouper over melon and red quinoa. The grouper was amazing, moist, large flaking, and deliciously seared on top and bottom which lended the loveliest crunch. I wasn't in love with the melon quinoa salad, the grouper had an orange glaze that was quite pronounced and the melon was extremely ripe and heady and it was just too much sweet for me. Not that I stopped eating it or anything. I chose the cheese plate for dessert and smacked away all the little hands that tried to grab at my granite slab of yum. Three cheeses, almonds, prune and apricot puree, baguette and a flatbread crisp as well as chocolate chips, strawberry quarters and blueberries. At the end of our meal Todd offered us free corkage for our next visit which sealed the deal. I will be back. And when I do I'm sure I will follow up with a 5 star update!
5	While visiting Scottsdale my husband and I happened upon some nice Yelp reviews of Atlas Bistro and it sounded like the perfect foodie place for us to check out, so a quick thanks to all the folks below!!!Atlas Bistro is attached to a wine shop with a knowledgeable staff who can pick out a great wine or two in your price point before you head into the restaurant.  We picked a nice Pinot Noir and headed in for our 9pm reservation. As others have stated, it is a small room, perhaps 12 tables.  When we arrived the room was dimmed, save a few uplighting spotlights and candles on the tables.  Very warm romantic feeling.  Every other table full of contented smiling guests.  We were handed menus - and here is a good time for me to mention pricing - there are two options, 3 or 4 courses priced at $55 and $65 respectively.  The extra course is a salad course that I highly recommend.We were served an amuse, and then our courses processed out one by one and into my admiring eyes and mouth.  I wont go into our dishes but everything was perfectly fresh, delightful with a slight southwestern twist.  Just to tempt your senses, my entree was a beautifully thick, tender and juicy lamb chop served with olive tapenade.  Absolute perfection!The waitstaff was lovely, accomodating and good at sensing how much you wanted them around or not around.  Overall we were absolutely thrilled with this find, and hope to come back some day!
2	Well, there are plenty of places with great food in the Phoenix area, this being one of them.  But customer service will kill a great food experience as has happened for me at Atlas Bistro.  Made a reservation for 12 during restaurant week, confirmed the day before.  When we arrived a table for 8 was set up and the remaining 4 of us had to wait nearly an hour to be added to the rest of our group.  We'd purchased wine next door at AZ Wine so started with that yet were offered no bread or snacks while we waited, much less an apology that our party was separated like this for nearly an hour of a confirmed reservation time.  Totally awkward for the 8 diners inside waiting to order/eat and the 4 of us outside the door waiting to get in.We were seated in a tight center table with one end being near the kitchen door and the owner, then the manager got in to an altercation with one member of our group causing the entire restaurant to witness this "scene' involving yelling and physical pushing.   The owner physically pushed his chair out of the way while he was sitting in it claiming in an angry tone that this diner had "been in the way all night".  I sat right across from this man and never saw him move his chair out of it's assigned spot (way too close to the kitchen door but where the restaurant located it) until the very end of the evening, after the check had been paid and most diners vacated the restaurant.  He had moved his chair to the end of the table to pose for a photo. After he was ejected from the restaurant, everyone in our group was humiliated, asked not to come back due to this altercation regarding one member at our table even though everyone else remaining had no idea what had even occured, much less been involved in it.  "Unfortunately his behavior reflects on all of you and you are not welcome to come back here again" we were told.  We were treated like lesser human beings I suppose because we had the audacity to come in during Restaurant Week and pay a reduced amount.  Clearly the restaurant was not equipped to handle a group that large, was burnt out after a week of Restaurant Week diners and took it out on the entire group.  They should have been embarassed at their own behavior publicly like that.Little did they know this group was a small representation of a 1000+ member group, The Arizona Winebats, which just won Phoenix New Times "Best of Phoenix" award for their wine social group.  And they burned every member of this group with this behavior tonite.  And every member's family /friends.  Not very smart in this economic climate.  No good food (which it was/is good food there) will make up for that kind of poor customer service.Also as a side note, a restaurant never knows when they are serving to a person who is personal friends with a big restaurant critic in town and who goes dining at various restaurants with said friend/critic while she is doing reviews.  That would be the case with this incident.I'll take my dollars to Total Wines and tried and true like Barrio Cafe and Digestif or NOCA,  thank you.  Atlas shrugged indeed.
5	So everyone says they wish they could give 6 stars for certain places, and I am having the same dilemma. My solution is that because atlas bistro was so good I am actually downgrading every review I have done by one level. Both my date and I could not name a better meal we have ever eaten (and she is way more of a foodie than I). All the negative reviews are for people who book large parties, ummmm guys this place is smaller than my bedroom, maybe this isnt the place to go for dinner with a dozen people. 4 should be the max. I definitely had a foodgasm at the table after the meal, my moaning was so loud I am sure I disturbed the other customers.
2	Am I stuck in some weird dream?Are we really at a table in the aisle of a wine store with a shopping cart seated at the head of the table? (yes, see photo)(***UPDATE*** Yelp decided ALMOST 2 YEARS LATER that my photo of THE INSIDE OF THE RESTAURANT was "specific to my experience" and therefore "not appropriate for the general business listing"...Yelp is too funny...)Did the store clerk really just tell me to not get my good trusted bottles of wine and instead suggest three of the most putrid wines I've ever had?Does the menu really have the phrase "in season" in quotes, as if the food isn't really in season but they are pretending it is?Are there really people in this "restaurant" (see the use of quotes there?) loudly cheering for the Iowa Warhawks game?Was I really just served cold duck confit?Am I really eating it?Did they really just charge me $10/bottle corkage fee on wine I paid for at the cash register 5 feet away?Did I really just wait 20 minutes for someone to take my credit card?2 stars because *overall* the food was good (even if my duck was cold).
3	After reading rave reviews and wonderful sounding menu items, my bf & I checked it out on Restaurant Week.  We called late and accepted a table in the wine store.  big Mistake! Bad fluorescent lighting, horrible ambiance, so so service.. not at all what we expected our Saturday night dinner to be like.  Do not go unless u can be seated in the small, but much nicer actual restaurant.We were charge me $10/bottle corkage fee on wine I paid for at the cash register 5 feet away.  I had read online that they did away with the corkage fee but aparently not.  BF's med rare waygu steak ($10 upcharge) was overcooked and all the food was just ok. Dessert was the best part of the meal. Our male server seemed a bit stressed out and would be looking around the place while he was talking to us at the table..thought quite rude n unprofessional at a nice high end restaurant.I may give this place another try at the normal dining area, if I can convince my bf to go again.
4	Took the wife for her birthday.  Raided the wine store next door for a bottle of champagne (yum) and the Pinot they recommended, which was fantastic.We both had the seven course tasting menu.  I won't go through the details, but it was great (and eight courses, plus an amuse bouche, if I managed to count correctly) (would that be an amuse douche if served to the sort of Scottsdale resident that everyone loves to hate?)  It's not a Michelin-style tasting menu (no froths or layered liquids), but it was an absolutely delicious collection of interesting, well-cooked small plates.  Good atmosphere - it's small with friendly staff.  We'll be back.
5	What an amazing little place! Food is outstanding! Great dining experience! My husband and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary there and since then this restaurant is our favorite place
4	My husband and I have dinner at Atlas Bistro 5-6 times a year.  We like to go here for special occasions and sometimes just a "night out".  The food is amazing!  The restaurant is small, so make reservations in advance.  The other thing to keep in mind is that because of the size, there is only one (sometimes 2) waiters for the whole restaurant.  Thus being said, service can be slow, but friendly.  Just plan on savoring the food and wine and having a relaxing evening.  I highly recommend Atlas Bistro!
5	I ate at Atlas Bistro two nights in a row while in Scottsdale at a conference. The surroundings of the restaurant are less than appealing, but once inside, all was forgotten. The food is among the best I've ever tasted. The ability to choose from an extensive wine selection from the wine store next door is great. It works out to be a great value. I was steered here by the Zagat guide and it certainly did not steer me wrong. Three different prix fixe selections are available from a seven course+  tasting menu down to a three course meal. Prices were extremely reasonable, for the quality of the food- $55 for three courses, $65 for 4, $95 for 9+ courses. Everything we tasted was absolutely wonderful, from the quarter free range rabbit appetizer to the chili peppers in aoli sauce to the seafood stew. Highly recommended.
2	Atlas you primordial Titan - you left me wishing for more. Great concept, and truthfully, really great food. They offer a 3 or 4 course prix fixe menu that is creative, seasonal, and delicious. I just loved the root vegetable salad and the pork belly amuse bouche. The lamb was wonderfully done, although I did not think it went well with its bed of kale. Unfortunately, the scallops were cold and slightly chewy - I need my scallops to melt in my mouth. The space is very small and intimate. Note that if you are seated in the middle of the room, you will feel like the other guests are very close to you. You may get bumped into as other guests head to the restroom (which is on the other side of the wine store, past the dingy mirrors, the wood-paneled bar, and the 1970s couch). I enjoy the fact that Atlas is BYOB, and that they are conveniently located within a wine store with a great selection. I do not like that they charge a corkage fee for a bottle of wine that they just watched me buy. Seems to lessen the experience. And I think that is what is so disappointing.. For a place that boasts haute cuisine and fine dining, you expect a little romance, a little charm - more of an experience. Instead, you find yourself sitting in the back of a drab wine store, sipping overpriced wine, trying to avoid watching the neighboring table eat their meal. Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but at this level, you are also paying for the atmosphere and the experience, both of which are lacking at Atlas Bistro. There are several other places in the valley that serve excellent, seasonal cuisine, and if you are looking for a place with charm, I recommend you go to one of those instead.
4	This place is a hidden gem in Scottsdale!  The food is farm to market fresh with an every changing menu.  It is BYOB, so you can bring the wine that suits your party and they provide the appropriate stemware.  The food, atmosphere and service were impeccable!
4	Atlas Bistro is an intimate little restaurant in a strip mall in South Scottsdale. My boyfriend took me there on my birthday and we had a really nice experience. The service was excellent - everyone was very friendly. We noticed someone at another table asking questions about the kitchen and they invited him back there to check it out. Atlas is attached to AZ Wine Co, so it's BYOB. AZ Wine co has a wonderful selection to choose from. We ordered a gnocchi and roasted squash appetizer that was delicious - lots of layers of flavor. We also shared the roasted beet salad. This one was okay. The beets were excellent, but I thought the salad was over dressed and some of the lettuce was very bitter. I had their fish dish with potatoes and spanish chorizo - I enjoyed every bite! I wish we had enough room for dessert because all of them looked amazing! I probably won't make it down to Atlas very often, but I'll definitely go back in the future.
5	My husband and I stumbled across Atlas Bistro in a local magazine while on vacation.  It sounded interesting, so we figured we'd give it a try.  We are big wine lovers, and food is a close second.  There are those who have complained about having to pay corkage on bottles they purchase from the wine store attached to Atlas.  They are attached, but not run by the same people.  It is purely a "working relationship" built around a great idea.  That being said, one could pay for a bottle in any restaurant around the country and fork over anywhere from 100%-200% mark up from retail for their wine of choice.  Having to fork out $10 per bottle for corkage is a way better alternative.Anyway, what a find!  We chose the 4 course dinner to go with the 2 bottles of wine we brought with us.  The meal began with a smoked trout amuse bouche.  I am not a fish fan, but this was delicious.For the first course I chose the pork belly and my husband selected the gnocchi.  Both were amazingly complex and confirmed our hope that Atlas could be the find of our trip.The rest of the meal was equally as sublime, with every bite accompanied by "mmm" and "this is so good" as our mantras.We had happened to meet the "Cheese Nerd" (as he is called by his peers) in the wine shop.  Do yourself a huge favor and order cheese at Atlas.  They take it very seriously.  Since both of us ordered the cheese course, "Sir Queso" selected 8 cheeses for us to enjoy.  They ranged from soft sheep/cow's milk cheese to a pungent water buffalo blue.  Having cheese at Atlas reminded us of our trips to France, where cheese is a religion. Our thanks to the chefs and Nolan and Todd who made our dinner a fantastic experience.  We will be back the next time we are in Scottsdale!
4	When your really "jonesin" for an affordable high end meal this is your place.  We have been in Scottsdale for 6 months looking for something that wasn't a chain and wasn't the snobby Scottsdale scene, just a place where they rock out the food. And that's what they do here, they turn out dish after dish of great food. The staff is knowledgable and attentive and the chef has serious skills.  Wake up Scottsdale it's a byob place and its owned by a couple of guys not a corporation. Sorry its not a Fox concept or a Mastro's.  They are locally sourcing their products and they seem to really love what they're doing! You may not find a bathroom attendant but a few other things you won't find are "Tex-Mex", salsa, drowned meat in some sort of cheese sauce and you probably won't find to many green chiles.  Foodie is not synonymous with snobby! When you can only afford to splurge on a big dinner once in a while you want (well we want) the best possible product.  People who love food and want to get the most bang for your buck on great food, this is the best we have found in a city desperately needing a refresher course on great food. Grab a couple of  great bottles and ditch the Louis Vuitton one night and get down to Atlas Bistro.
4	A friend of mine recently "inherited" a wine cellar collection that had been aging for many years.  We decided to pull a couple of bottles and check out Atlas last weekend for dinner.The dining room is relatively small and nicely decorated with original paintings by a local artist.  We had a nice romantic candlelit table near the front window.I noticed that all the dishes were made with top quality local ingredients whenever possible.  We started with a cheese plate and made four selections of various types of cheeses.  This was the best cheese plate I have ever had!  They were all delicious.For dinner we had the filet and the lamb.  They were cooked perfectly.  I enjoyed learning about, and trying, the spigariello from Mclendon farms.  Basically, it's a leaf broccoli and it made for a nice green vegetable on the plate.The service was friendly and I really can't wait to come back with another bottle of good wine in the near future.
5	It's almost not fair to describe a specific meal here because the menu changes and you cannot be assured to find whatever is described; you CAN, however, be assured of finding subtle-yet-dramatic presentation and an outstanding meal. I've had wonderful short ribs; fantastic duck; sweet scallops; tried Jerusalem artichokes for the first time in a lovely soup; had to-die-for desserts and phenomenal cheese plates. The venue is small and, although attached to a brightly lit wine shop (that now sells some super cool cheeses too), offers an intimate, romantic dinning space. This place is in my top 5. Heck! Top 3. I can't imagine turning down a chance to go here!
2	Service was slow, and the server had a slight attitude the entire night. We had 7 people at a large table in the center of the restaurant, and had brought in four bottles of wine purchased from the place next door. Every course took at 30-45 minutes to bring out, which was fine because we were happy and celebrating. Dishes were brought out a couple at a time, with a few minutes in between. I ordered a drink twice, which was really not a big deal. The server however was impatient when we couldn't decide on things immediately, or that my sister asked about the cheese that came on the steak. She and her husband keep kosher... she didn't need to explain herself, but he was not very accommodating. She also asked for some bread that didn't touch the pork on the charcuterie plate. She was brought a plate of 4 bite size slices.I didn't have too many issues with this restaurant until the bill came. The food had been rich and good. My dad, who *never* makes a stink about price discrepancies, pointed out to the waiter that he thought the corkage fee was waived if you purchased the wine next door. The waiter said no, that's not true. My dad pulled up the Zagat's review where it says that, word for word. We just had 7 people eating 3-4 courses each, and you can't waive the corkage fee for 4 bottles?? A customer service-oriented person would have apologized for the confusion and waived the fee. A somewhat customer service-savvy person would have apologized and waived half the fee. This server said "Yeah, we've been trying to get Zagat's to take that out for a long time. It's wrong."Decent food, but don't expect service to be on par with the prices.
4	I had the pleasure of having a fabulous meal here a few weeks ago, sorry for the late, late review but here it is!! Always wanted to come here for dinner, its a BYOB place and nestled right next door to AZ Wine Co( a fantastic wine shop complete with tastings, helpful staff and an amazing selection of wines). We were in a large group of 10 and they are very accommodating for large groups, private events, etc.              Started with the acorn-squash soup with celery and apple salad. The soup was smooth and velvety, liked the side salad (couldn`t finish it) but a great combo! I selected for my entree the lamb t-bone(hadn`t had lamb in a while, was in the mood for lamb! Plus it was paired with a nice Cab!) Served with the lamb was an assortment of figs, fennel and endive.Everything was delicious, lamb was tender and flavorful. For dessert-I chose the cheese flight( I was trying to keep my sugar low and avoid chocolate, others chose the chocolate chip cookies with nutella sauce and were very pleased!! You can go next door to AZ wine co and pick out a bottle and enjoy it with your meal(there is a corkage fee) or try one of their pairing dinners. The men updates frequently, can`t wait to go back and try something else!!
3	Slightly late review, we ate here on 2/19 for a friends birthday.  There were 5 of us total and 4 of us were there on time.  We had informed them ahead of time that the 5th person in our party would be late and they said no problem.  The 4 of us were sat at our table, the place is tiny and we were right by the door.  I didn't have a problem with that, we love smaller places and the offerings that most of them have.  The 5th person was bringing the wine and we told then we would like to wait a little bit and we would look over the menu in the meantime.  Well, after we got our water upon seating, we never saw the waitress again!  She entered the room 5 or 6 times and never even made eye contact with us.  I had learned that the 5th person was going to be a little later than we thought, so we wanted to go ahead and get our order for our starters in.  Every time the waitress walked in the room she completely ignored us.  I understand we had said we were going to wait a bit, but at least come by and ask us if we're ok!  Well, by the time we flagged her down and placed our order, another 40 min went by before the starters even came out.  Then an absurd amount of time between the starters and the entrees... and again before dessert.  I know that smaller places tend to take longer and that's fine, but this was rediculous! There was also a dessert that we wanted to order and when we went to place our order she said "oh, that takes and extra 30 mintues to make"  Well, it had been so long by then, forget that!  It would have been nice of her to mention when we ordered our entree so we would know and could put the order in ahead of time.  Seems reasonable.That being said, the food was amazingly delicious (once I sent the duck back to actually be cooked to medium rare rather than served almost raw).  The steak was absolutely delicious as was the lamb.  Food was 5 star, service - not so much.  My husband has been in the fine dining industry for years and we are big foodies, but I don't know how highly I would recommend this place.  I'm kind of torn considering how good the food was.
5	This place is AMAZING. We went to celebrate an occasion recently and were pretty much blown away by the food. We moved from NYC and are kind of foodies and their food was as good as any we had at a nice place there. The place is nondescript on the outside and the atmosphere's a little wonky since it's attached to the wine store, so you can literally see into the wine store in some spots of the restaurant but after a bit I didn't mind. It's BYO which makes it all the more of an experience (and saves you some dough). The menu changes quite a bit, but the escargot was excellent, and husband had the fish which he loved. My steak was good, if a bit fatty. The service was fantastic..we started chatting with the waitress about hotels in Mexico and she went and printed us out something she recommended so we didn't have to write it down!We would definitely come back in a heartbeat. Love, love, love. Not too many places like this gem..I hope they stick around.
5	WOW! This place is awesome! My girlfriends and I came to Atlas Bistro on a Saturday night and we couldn't stop talking about how amazing it was. The food was delicious. Seriously, some of the best food I've ever had. The atmosphere was quaint and fun, and the service was terrific. I loved the somewhat unique dishes. They were different than your normal menu, but not so different that you didn't really want to try much. They also accommodated the various allergies at our table of 9 lades. I just wish I had taken a to-go bag of my scallops!
5	Atlas Bistro is exactly what a restaurant should be. When I went on a Tuesday night there were only about 2 other tables being used, so it was very quiet, which was great. Our waiter was excellent, he did a fantastic job describing each dish and making sure we always had drinks in our glasses and got us anything we needed. I believe the menu changes often and they offer a $50 3 course meal which consists of a starter, a soup or salad and an entree. When I was there in the middle of March I was able to try many things and a couple of my favorites were the gnocchi, the prime ribeye and the pate, which was a $5 extra. My only issue with this restaurant is it is a B.Y.O.B. and they charge a 10 dollar corking fee. Usually that wouldn't bother me, but if you are buying the alcohol from their wine store that is connected to the dining room then they should not charge that corking fee in my opinion. Overall though I was thoroughly impressed with Atlas and look forward to going back very much.
4	Had a couple's dinner here & it was great! I opted for the 3 course meal and had an amazing steak for the dinner! Very unique ingredients - love our IPhone as we ended up googling some of the ingredients for the guests with us :) One of the guys was an Apple-bee's type, doesn't really venture out on the wild side, but walked away a fan as well. Our favorite course? The Dessert!!! Deconstructed cheesecake with mango sorbet & also the bacon ice cream with bananas - yes... BACON ice cream! A-MA-Zing :)
5	We were visiting the area last week and used Zagat to find Atlas.  What an amazing meal!  One of the best I have had in a while and we eat out a lot!The liquor store had a great selection of wines and contrary to what another reviewer wrote, they do not charge a corkage fee if you buy at their store.  Wish I could move the store to CT!!!
2	Restaurant Week 3-course Prix Fix BYOB Dinner mostly an Afterthought of POOR quality and execution.Stars were a +pork belly with sweet potato puree+local mascarpone cheese (served with a burned-black samosa)+Reidel glassware for our selections, brought from home reserves.[We were not offered the normal prix fix or a la carte menus, only the Restaurant Week menu.]UNDERSTAFFED--No host stand was a bit awkward for me and guests. Eventually, staring diners shooed us to the huge neighboring wine store to wait. Just uncomfortable. Did we go through the wrong door?!! You've GOT to acknowledge your arrivals within 15 seconds!--Two servers (possibly also managers/owners?) for the entire dining room (8 tables?) knew their menu and ingredients, but the stuff of service was left behind--$10 corkage (BYOB) means cork removal and first pour only. practice your sommelier wine bottle posture and pouring technique because YOU WILL HAVE TO POUR GLASS REFILLS YOURSELF.IT'S ALL ABOUT THE FOOD?...I can overlook almost any bad service if the food is fantastic, but...--Lamb Samosa was BURNED, black and rock-hard on the bottom. Don't serve it, you lazy assholes!--fried egg was over-hard, crispy, and brown, not "runny and like-a-dressing" as described by our server. _EPIC_ FAIL!if you can't fry an egg, you should GET OUT OF THE FUCKING KITCHEN and bus tables where you belong.if you can't catch your cook's mistake at what is supposed to be one of the valley's finest eateries deserving of five stars, YOU SHOULD BE EXPEDITING SHIT from a Village Inn toilet to its sewer.--rib eye not trimmed, HUGE chunks of fat. if that's "marbling" then my cousin's 400-pound cottage cheese legs are STILTON.--rib eye ordered mid-well (my guest; of course, i would never order meat mid-well) arrived mid-rare. THEN the server argued about it. WWHHAATT??!!FUCK YOU. That is not "grey with a line of pink" IT'S FUCKING BLOODY PINK.--rib eye arrived an oily pile of uncut sauteed green onions and more.CUT THEM you lazy bastards. [see the pic for detail]I went to Atlas Bistro after a year of prodding and reminders by others. I chose it for a reunion dinner that comes only every few years (the last one was celebrated at Kai). We were sorely disappointed. Note to self: when it matters, _always_ try a place first, no matter the recommendations or yelper reviews.
5	Fantastic food.  Decent service.  The location leaves something to be desired.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the whole valley. I have eaten here so many times over the past two years I could not possibly list all the delightful meals I have enjoyed.  I have never ever left here hungry, I don't think it's possible, frankly.  The chefs create artistic masterpieces in that small kitchen, using regional proteins and veggies, creating pates, jellies and cured meats in house, and even selling their delicious selection of cheeses retail out of the AZ Wine side of the shop. I highly recommend grabbing a bottle of wine and heading over there for an amazing meal.
5	What a wonderful dining experience.  After having to cut out dairy, soy, nuts, eggs and gluten from my diet because of some allergies I thought eating out would forever be painful and tasteless.  However Atlas Bistro saved the day!  The server actually took the menu and highlighted the items that were compatible with my diet.  Then once the food arrived it was delicious!  I didn't feel like I was missing out on a thing.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to those who are looking for a vegan, or lactose free, or gluten free dining experience.  Not to mention my husband has none of these restrictions and enjoyed his food just as much.
5	We took a chance on this place based on Yelp and it was awesome. Small place located in a strip mall. Don't bother bringing your own wine - there is an AMAZING wine shop next door with great prices. We showed up with 2 bottles we had just brought from a trip to Napa 2 days prior and ended up buying two others - favorites of ours that are pretty rare finds. Service was great too. Great find if you are looking for great food at a great value and like your wine.
4	I went to Atlas Bistro the first time a few years ago for an anniversary dinner...I remember it being delish, if a little heavy on the foie gras (I know, I know...I'm just not that big of a fan). We had ordered the chef's tasting menu. I tried again for Restaurant Week with a friend, and it was as delicious as I remembered. I started with sweet chile veal sweetbreads over creamed corn (good, but the flavor was a little reminiscent of sweet and sour fried pork takeout Chinese), salmon skin salad and grilled swordfish over white beans with local sausage and pepperonata. Loved the beans with sliced sausage, and the swordfish was meaty and fresh. My dining partner started with gnocchi with cauliflower and mushrooms, had a grilled romaine salad with anchovies and an over-easy egg on the top, and a pork porterhouse with ginger butter (?) After trying her dishes, I wished I wouldn't have ordered all of my selections, but they came recommended by the server. Her gnocchi starter was crave-able. Love the attached wine store (the girl that worked there helped us pick out an amazing malbec), and the general ambiance of Atlas Bistro. It's friendly and not at all stuffy.
3	We had dinner here this past week based on all the good reviews. Our food was good but not outstanding. We had duck, steak and salmon entrees. The duck was probably the best and the steak was fair at best. The cheese plate appetizer was excellent. Service was very good. We will give this place another try before making a final judgement.
5	Fun fun fun.. Truly unique dishes and appetizers with an amazing selection of wines/beers for your dinner next door at AZ Wine. It's a hole in the wall but somehow comes across as chic and cave-like. Talk to your significant other and suggest a date night, you will look smart and trendy for picking this place.
5	The food is always awesome, Todd and Natasha are great.
4	Great little hideaway that is nestled by an outstanding wine shop. They offered many different unusual appetizers that sounded amazing but we skipped them to save room for an end of meal cheese plate. We started with salads my husband had one with mixed greens nuts and duck and I had a grilled romaine salad with a fried duck egg on it. My only slight criticism on food preparation was the execution of the egg was off with too much raw white and the bottom almost burnt so I pushed to the side the parts of the egg that I couldn't eat. But over all we were happy with the salads and they came out quickly. The food is slowly prepared and I think we waited an hour or so for the dinners from the time we ordered. I had the Fresh Halibut with Calabrian Aioli topped with toasted pine nuts surrounded by assorted roasted vegetables , fresh spring peas , micro greens and fingerling potatoes. My fish was prepared well and seasoned perfect it was salty but a good salty not too salty and the flavors of the light aioli and pine nuts went well together with the fish. Each vegetable did have a different taste the carrots were lemony and the baby cipollini onions were smoky and so on. The fingerlings were prepared well being crispy on the cut side but still showcasing the creamy quality a fingerling is my portions were generous. My Husband enjoyed his hanger steak topped with a basil bacon sauce served with mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus. We really enjoyed the cheese plate, I picked a local non-tangy maybe a goat cheese dusted with fennel pollen , a robiola , a taleggio and another local cheese a havarti all these cheeses were worth the calories all were very good. We also received VERY GOOD tasty bread with the cheese with a side of very soft smoked butter. MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS Todd should have told us he was adding on a $4. charge to give us bread with the cheese. WE DIDN'T ORDER or ask for bread OR THEY SHOULD just add $4 to the cheese $12 plate and just make it $16 on the menu so nobody is mad but I do note the bread was very good. Linens were crisp and clean silverware and glasses were sparkling. Service was friendly and knowledgeable.The only thing bad about BYOB ($10 fee) is you might bring a wine that doesn't match your food as we did but we had plenty of time to enjoy the wine between plates and with the cheese.Next door we found a VERY HARD TO GET Pride Syrah it is always sold out from the winery and the ride to get it is officially the second scariest drive to do in Sonoma. It should be excellent! WOOHOO!
5	My wife and I were at a wine tasting at AZ Wine and were seated in their bar area.  To our surprise you can order Atlas food as if you were seated in their dining area.  Atlas is connected to AZ Wine so it just makes sense.  Atlas' dining room is very very small and only 15 or so people can fit in the place.Everything I tried was top notch.  Our table only sampled some appetizers but I can't wait to return to try some main dishes and of course more appetizers.Here is the rundown:*bread & butter - the bread was excellent but the butter was weird to me.  I'm sure it was freshly made but it had some type of smoky flavor and weird texture of which I wasn't a fan.*cheese plate - very good, perfect for sharing while wine tasting*crispy penne - it is exactly what the name implies - crispy penne.  lightly fried penne with excellent flavor because of whatever they put on it.  anyway, it was excellent and very unique.  easily my favorite dish.  I could eat plates of the stuff*Schreiner's Italian Sausage - spicy and delicious.*Gnocchi - not your standard gnocchi and very difficult to describe.  however, it was delicious and not overly sauced as they sometimes are.
4	Unless you're getting a medical marijuana license or need your check cashed, there aren't many reasons to visit the Wilshire Plaza in Scottsdale. That is, except for Atlas Bistro--a quaint little BYOB diamond in the rough. Keep in mind my visit last night was during restaurant week, but my previous visits didn't disappoint either. I will say right up front that for 40 bucks, I don't think I could have done better.I won't break down the entrees other than to say, if you consider yourself a foodie, go. You won't be disappointed. All the entrees enjoyed by my date and I were well thought out with great flavor and generous portions as well. Bring your own bottle or buy from the adjacent wine store. My only complaint is the 10 uncork fee. I think it should be 5.Berkshire pork shank confit had an amazing cabbage and other accoutrements that enhanced each bite and was my highlight to a great dinner. My date loved the Hawaiian ahi tuna tataki. All in all, great food at a reasonable price.
5	We have been wanting try this great find for sometime but it always slipped our minds until I saw it on the restaurant week list.  Because they were so booked they extended restaurant week to the following weekend as well so I was able to get reservations and surprise my boyfriend for a great date night. The meal was a three course meal for $40 which to us was a bargain and for what you get!  We had the gnocchi appetizer and the Oregon Lobster Mushroom appetizer.  A new mushroom for us but won't be our last.  Every bite of both appetizers was very palate pleasing!  For the salad we had the halibut and the beet salad. Again, we were not disappointed! For our main dish I had the Tri-Tip and he had the Pork Porterhouse.  Both dishes were very satisfying.  We bought out wine from AZ wine to drink with dinner.  Todd is the general manager of Atlas and very knowledgeable of wines so he helped us pick one out and it went really well with our meal.  Can't wait to visit this place again.  This is a great date night place or if you want to impress your parents or out of town guests, but call ahead to make reservations.  If they don't have a reservation that night they don't open.  The ONLY complaint we had was that the appetizer and salads were so big that we were too full to eat our main meal so a lot came home with us.
5	Finally have a chance to get this post up, and I cannot believe we do not have a thread on Atlas Bisto because of how amazing it was. They had always been on "the list" of places to try, I wish we would have moved it to the top sooner. It is located in a strip mall on Scottsdale Road toward Tempe in a strip mall, as most of the good restaurants in the area are Walking in it is a bit confusing as you go through AZ Wine, which is a very large wine store, with a great selection of Sake, Wine, Half Bottles, Craft Beer (Aventinus) so turn to your left and there you will see the dining area, if no one is immediatly there someone will pop up shortly as there are only two people working the front of the house. It is BYOB so you can bring a wine if you would like to or get there a bit early and browse, or bring your own wine and during the meal add something extra if you run out of wine (which we did!)Below is the menu choices that we had on offeringFirst CourseSmoked Paprika Braised Pork Shoulder, Queso Cotija, Guacamole, Shaved Baby Radishes Korabuta Pork Belly, Butternut Squash Hash, Tamarind Peach Glaze Hand Rolled Porcini Gnocchi, Maitakes, Ginger Cabbage, Black Bean Miso CreamSecond CourseGrilled Romaine, Fried Rainbow Valley Egg, Spanish Anchovies, Capers, Raisins Roasted Striped Beets, Gala Apples, Horseradish Cream, Prairie Breeze Amish Cheddar Applewood Smoked Duck Breast, Peaches, Sweet Corn, Cranberries, Almonds, Arugula, Frisee *Add $5Third CourseGrilled Pork Porterhouse, Spaetzle, Spaghetti Squash, Bacon Brussel Slaw, Amish Asian Pear Butter Niman Ranch Tri-Tip Steak, Roasted Fingerlings, Baby Rainbow Carrots, Black Mesa Ranch Feta, Caper Aioli Wild Caught Market Fish, White Beans, Cherry Tomatoes, Fennel, Baby Spinach, Green Goddess (Swordfish)Now on top of this there were a couple items on top of the normal menu, there were Sweetbreads for the First Course (+5 supp) and there was another option for the second course but I do not recall what it wasCourse 1 - I had the Sweetbreads which were had a sauce that was delicious (i cannot remembe what kind, the good kind) with a plum apple slices to freshen it up for some acidity and they had a cornmealish fried texture to them -- I had been to Blackbird (1 star Michelin Chicago) who also served up a sweetbread 1st course, and this preperation blew it out of the water, and that was our favorite app we had there -- Also they gave a very good portion size as well, this was not a Restaurant Week portion to make tons of money this was their normal portion just at a discounted price - one thing that always drove me crazy about RW is that many places don't put their best foot forward and try to make a quick buck, instead of trying to gain return clientsThe Mrs had the Pork Belly, which I have to say was one of the best pork belly's i have had in a very very long time. It seems they are always overcooked and stringy instead of melt in your mouth lucious. The flavoring and cooking of it was perfect, again to releate it to Blackbird (because two of the 1st course apps were the same ingredient) Blackbird overcooked theirs and it we left some of it on the plate, I was lucky to get one bite of the Pork Belly from my wifeOur friends we went with, he ordered identical to me, and his wife went with the Gnocchi, she really enjoyed it however I did not try any of itCourse 2 - I had the Smoked Duck Salad, which was not exactly what i was expecting and I was pleasantly suprised. For some reason I expected warm duck, but it was chilled duck with just a light touch of smoke, to set off the flavor against the tangy peaches and sweet corn, it was amazing and way better than what i had pictured in my head - there was also TONS of duck in it, every bite huge piece of duck - just greatThe Mrs had the Grilled Romaine with Anchovies, which was also very good, nice anchovies on it and she really liked it, however the duck salad was where it was at - our friends wife went with the off menu salad and she really liked it, I passed on trying it because it wasnt beating the duck saladCourse 3 - 3 of us had the Grilled Pork Porterhouse which was one of the best pork dishes that I have had, the only other one that i would rank up there when they had it on the menu was the Stuffed Pork Chop at Cowboy Ciao (no longer on the menu) this was was equal to it or better, they cooked it pretty close to medium rare which is perfect for me and everything about it was good, lots of flavor - The Mrs had the steak (when Todd was explaining the menu he was very elaborate about everything on the menu and then he was like "we have steak too") so that was really on the menu because you have to have a steak on the menu - It wasn't bad but when all the other flavors on every other course is off the charts, just a good steak isnt the same - however as a good husband I gave multiple pieces of the Pork Porterhouse to Mrs Dapumacharacter limit
3	I'm sure the food is good. The presentation of everything was very nice. However, it's not a good place for vegetarians. The only thing on the menu without meat was the cheese plate. I ordered the gnocchi without the short rib and it was extremely salty. I suspect they added extra salt to make up for the flavor lost from the meat. The wine bar next door looks nice and the wine store has a large selection. I'm sure I'll return for that.
5	Friend picked out restaurant.  Inauspicious front.  Restaurant -- amazing.  Low key decor top notch service.  The food is creative, fresh and tasty.We were big group sampled lots!  Escabeche sailfish ceviche, lamb belly confit w fried duck egg, hanger steak w Brussel sprouts crimini ragu red wine reduction.  Hand rolled farmers cheese gnocchi w charred Campari tomato and chorizo sugo.  Delicious.Dessert was sticky toffee date cake rockin'.Finally was best cheese plate I have ever had.If there were more stars I'd give it to them.
5	The food here is amazing!! Todd the owner was very nice and accommodating. I highly recommend coming here for dinner. It is delicious!!
5	Must dine here. Amazing food. Menu changes daily! Use yelp check in for 2 free corkage fees
5	I was taken here for my birthday and it was a wonderful dinner. The beet salad with cheese souffle was a perfect appetizer, and the short ribs entree was truly melt in your mouth -- I never had such tender beef. I like that it's BYOB, which saves the usual restaurant markup, though there is a $10 bottle-opening fee (you can get around this by getting their coupon on Yelp). My friend's confit of duck was cooked in bacon fat (so sinfully good) and was a little rich. Still delicious. Next time we'll order their fish, which I hear is quite wonderful. This is a little-known jewel of a restaurant. Highly recommended for special occasions.
4	Went here for Restaurant week and it was a very special experience. Small place for overall every course was very good. A little on the pricey side but we will be back!
5	Atlas is a great value. Bring your own wine and save $ 100.00 or more.Very high quality ...
4	This is a great spot! I've been there several times and always have great food. It's definitely more low key, but it's still a great place to have a wonderful dinner. It also helps that it's byob, great way to Save on the alcohol markups most places have.I recommend ordering a variety of plates and sharing everything. The menu is constantly changing so you never know what you're going to get. Last night we had the bone marrow, red beans and rice, barramundi, and pad Thai. Everything was exceptional, don't think you can go wrong with anything you get.
3	We went to Atlas for dinner during restaurant week.  The pre-fixed menu was amazing and had plenty of options.  I was truly impressed with the food and would have easily given the restaurant 5 stars if it wasn't for our server.  I'm not sure if he was having an off day, or was annoyed that it was restaurant week. He was pompous and arrogant and did an awful job explaining the menu overall.  My date was interested in trying the fish and the server pretty much pushed her in to taking a dish she did not want because she had questions about the presentation of the fish (skin on vs. skin off), he left her feeling confused and uncomfortable.  The rest of the evening he pretty much ignored us and disappeared by the end of our meal leaving us with another server,  who was actually pleasant.  Not happy to write a review like this considering this restaurant is the owners passion but feel obligated to share my experience.
4	This is one of only a few restaurants my wife and I go to when we're in town from Tucson.  The food is outstanding and the staff is awesome...and we buy our favorite bottle of Washington wine next door to compliment the meal.  Highly recommend this rare find.
5	I don't quite know how to describe Atlas...it's part wine shop/wine bar and part high-end intimate BYO restaurant (so you can buy your wine and then uncork it and chow down!) I'll start out by saying that the guys in the wine shop know their shit and they have a good selection of wines at all price points.On to the restaurant. It's a tiny place with just a few tables and it's all about the farm to table experience. You can expect a small but artfully prepared menu with fresh local ingredients.On my particular visit had had a delicious beef tenderloin that was served up a sumptuous medium rare and topped with chimichurri and accompanied with fingerling potatoes, broccolini and roasted onions. A dripping of other delicious sauces. And it was so beautifully arranged it was almost too pretty too eat.....ALMOST.Our server was Todd who is the owner he was gracious, hospitable, knowledgeable and enthusiastic. This place is definitely worth a go. The menu is constantly changing so rest assured you will have a different experience each time. Sure, it's pricier than most places and you're not going to leave stuffed but the experience and incredible preparation the experience you'll want to treat yourself to!A Tip: Yelpers get a break on the corkage fee with check-in.
5	Food was great.  In particular, the veggies were like none I've ever tasted.  Completely excellent.  Owners/Operators were very nice.  Our rez was a little late, but hung out at bar and drank great wine at store price.  Owners waived our bill for the inconvenience, so I tipped 80% of the bill to bartender and wait staff.  We weren't even complaining b/c having so much fun at bar, but very generous of them to waive the bill.  Great place.  Going back again for sure.
3	Wonderful food but the owner is RUDE and Disrespectful.  I would not take the chance.  There are many other restaurants that want the business.   Go somewhere else!
1	Waited 40 minutes with no apologies or explanation. So obnoxious.  Walked out and will NEVER return. There are far too many other restaurants in town with stellar service that we will choose to spend our money.
5	My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal here. We brought our own bottle of wine and took advantage of the free corking with yelp check in.  We started with the cheese plate which was presented on slate with 5 cheeses each paired with a  chutney or nut. If you love cheese, you will love this place. My husband had a vegetarian pasta dish (forgoing the lamb sausage) and I had duck. Both were delicious. We ended with a apple crostata which we shared. All in all, this was a great, intimate restaurant that we highly recommend.
5	Love Atlas. Creative, local food. Menu is always changing.  Only strange thing is the location. Its funny to take people there in the weird strip mall (you know, next to the weed and gun shop) and then have such an excellent experience.
5	I am an events director for a national magazine, we are based out of Dallas, TX and were hosting an executive dinner in Arizona...let me just say Todd and the staff phenomenal, on point! They took care of every last detail, which was very helpful to me since I couldn't be on site. Food was AMAZING! wine - perfection! wine glasses - accurate to type of wine! This place really knows what they are doing. Not only were we impressed but our local execs were blown away. This is a gem hidden in the desert, we will definitely be back!!!
5	We're snowbirds.   This is our most favorite restaurant in the entire Phoenix area.   In a word, 'FABULOUS'!
5	We have found a great place!! It is located in an unassuming, older strip mall but inside it is very nice.  The service and food were all fantastic! An added bonus we brought our own favorite wine (seasmoke Pinot). We had the 4 course tasting and it was the perfect amount of food. While everything was great, my partner loved the Wagyu Bone Marrow and I can't decide if the risotto or skirt steak were the best. Every course was delicious and we were doing a happy dance in our chair over the desserts! We can't wait to return and if you run out of wine, just go back how you entered at the wine bar, awesome selection.
1	You know, I wish I could write a review of the food. But I've never had it. I've tried to dine at this place on 3 separate occasions. The first time was admittedly my fault. We tried to go on a Monday evening only to discover they are closed on BOTH Sunday AND Mondays. In fact, this place is only open 3.5 hours a day, 5 days a week. Ugh. The second time we tried to go, it was closed. No explanation, within their normal operating hours, but doors locked and lights off. Still, we gave them another chance. This time (last night) we tried to call ahead and make a reservation. Called after they opened at 5:30 but got no answer. Called 4 or 5 times and even left a message but nothing. We decided to drive down there and check it out (we really wanted to eat there) only to discover a sign on the door that said "closed for private event." It would be nice if they'd answer the phone and mention that. Or have it somewhere on the voicemail. Since this place seems to only ever be open on a whim, we've pretty much given up on ever eating there. We're not even interested in trying anymore.
1	My husband and I were in town recently and we happened to stumble upon AZ Wine Company. We thought it odd that what seemed to be a nice little wine store was so quietly tucked back in the back of grubby back alley with no real signage to speak of indicating its presence in the complex. We browsed the aisles for about 15 minutes and were impressed with the Italian wine selections but severely disappointed in the Pinots. Needless to say, we selected a lovely bottle of Pinot Grigio to take back to our hotel room with us.. While we were checking out, we took note of Atlas Bistro next door, perused the menu laid out by the door, and decided we'd have to come back later that day for a glass of wine followed by dinner. We were so incredibly disappointed. Not only were we made to wait an astounding 45 minutes (apparently, not a rare occurrence) before we were able to get a table, but the bottle of wine recommended to us by the 'owner' was overpriced and corked. The food was alright, but the service was stilted and rude. We found the overall experience repugnant and will not be returning. Far better fare and service can be found at other, nearby spots (see Pig & Pickle).
5	I love coming here.  The cuisine is second to none and the great part is that I can bring my own wine.  Every time I come here I know they'll have something that I like, as the menu is laid out in 4 course style with several options for each.  The menu is always sophisticated and food is cooked to perfection.  The place is small enough that if you want your dish cooked just a certain way they have no problem.  Last visit I had bone marrow that I'll now add to my last meal dishes.
5	Best place in Arizona! The food is unparalleled and the service is top notch. If recommend this to anyone coming or living in phx/Scottsdale.
5	Reservations are a necessity.This ranks as one of the best, if not the best restaurant I've been to.  The food was EXCELLENT.  I spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food.Food and service of unparalleled quality and flavor included the bone marrow, peachy tomato salad, wagyu steak.Enjoy!
5	Hands down the best BYOB and restaurant in Scottsdale! I have never had a bad experience here! Todd does a wonderful job here and the service is always spot on! This is an amazing place for every occasion! I had my wedding reception here and I couldn't of asked for a better night! MyGuests still talk about my wedding night, and how good the food was. This is a place everyone should try, it really is exceptional. Any duck menu item is always one of my favorites!  I can't say enough positive things about this place!
4	I would actually give it a 4.5 but that wasn't an option.  This is the second time I have eaten here and both times I have not been disappointed with the food. I love the fact that the ingredients come from local vendors. If you are a foodie this is definitely a place that you need to try, but reservations are a MUST.Atlas is a hidden gem within a strip mall complex, part of AZ Wine Store. I enjoy the ambiance of the restaurant and the fact that it is limited to about 10 tables.  It is fun to be able to bring in our favorite wines to enjoy with the meal and you can always go buy a bottle once you decide on your meal. The service is a little to slow though, which is why I took off half a star.  Granted I don't like to be rushed, but the time it took from being seated to actually taking our order seemed like a bit much. Once we ordered most of the courses came out well timed but there was a bit of a wait again between finishing our meal and them checking to see if we would like dessert. Overall, I would be happy to eat here again.
4	Great place for those who love the wine and food culture!  Went there for a wine pairing dinner and came out thoroughly educated about the wines that were served.
5	My wife and I go here every year for our Anniversary. We love the ambiance and low key. Make sure you plan this night, because you'll want a reservation. So worth it though! Food is reasonably priced for what you're getting. Wine is BYOB so stop by a little early to get a good wine recommendation.
5	Had dinner here last night - Just the wife and I, which is rare these daysSmall, formal, quiet, really nice -  Not fancyThis is a byob right next to a wine store (how convenient), Todd our waiter Helped us pick wine for dinner, That was nice. The food was amazing, every coarse.  This is our second time at the Bistro, and we left there again promising each other that we would make this one our regular date night places.6 Stars -
5	Awesome food, great chef(s). I love that you can bring a bottle with you instead of paying triple for wine!!!
5	Wow!  What an amazing find.  While I'm not a huge fan of the fixed price menu, it does wonders here.  The selections are basically what is available today from local sources.The lobster, bisque and risotto appetizer is amazing and could easily be the best in town.  It makes Capitol Grill's seem like it came from a tin.Scallops were dynamite as well.  Just order them if available.  BYOB works wonders with Ridell glasswear.  It's simply one of the best places in town.
4	A Christmas gift shared with great friends a 1982 Mouton Rothschild, the best part  of BYOB is the opportunity to pair your amazing wine with the talented chef's pairing. Atlas Bistro is designed for those who truly want to enjoy an amazing meal and that special bottle of wine.  Our meal was lobster, gnocchi, ragout mushrooms, superb duck, plus cheese plate for dessert at very affordable prices.  You know  its great when you see a local chef enjoying a meal too.
5	A valley treasure.  I love this place.
5	Probably my 20th meal here and it's always been amazing but they have a really good chef owner pairing going on right now. Better than Binkley's. Best restaurant in town..
