3	I was babysitting a friend after a root canal on the West-End, when we decided that instead of going out to see Heartbreaker (I had to sit her down and make her watch the trailer so that she'd understand it just wasn't worth it), we'd order in and watch But I'm a Cheerleader and Ghost World. Which was a much better option. We ordered a portion of scallops in black bean sauce and king prawns with ginger and spring onions. My favourite was definitely the portion of king prawns, though I was highly disappointed in the definite lack of prawns. I mean, there may have been about 10 prawns in the whole meal. For three of us. Three sea-food lovers. The scallops in black bean sauce were also few and far between. The sauces were very good indeed, though I would definitely urge them to be more generous with their seafood. The service, on the other hand, was prompt and it was the first time I'd ever ordered anything off the internet. So I was surprised it'd actually arrived at all! Each of our portions cost just above a fiver. So, I guess it's pretty moderate for a takeaway, though I'm certain I've eaten better and cheaper.
5	You can ring my booo-ooo-oowwwl, ring my bowl.I have no idea why Silver Bowl reminds me of "Ring My Bell". If music be the food of love, or, er, something. Good food makes me happy. Being happy makes me want to sing happy songs. You do the maths.I'm still on my Thai Quest to find the best Thai in Edinburgh, and next on the list was take-out. My previous take-out Thais in Edinburgh had been sub-par but Silver Bowl was just...yes.So, the context. We ordered take-out for delivery. We were starving. It was soon to be delivered. Then there was a powercut. All lights out. The door wouldn't open (student accomodation, automatic electric door). We had to get it through the fire escape. But it arrived, we ate it in near-pitch blackness (no street lights even). And oh it was gooooood. It was so good.The serving was huge. I had a prawn and veg stir-fry thing. And the aubergines. It's probably a good thing I couldn't see the aubergines as once the lights came back on, after we'd finished, I could see the oily, deliciousness at the bottom of the empty container. But it was fresh, the veg in my stir-fry was crispy, the prawns were big, there were a lot of them.I admit, I felt a bit icky after. I think they use MSG. MSG is not my friend. But it was too good I didn't care.I've given it 5 stars in the context of delivery and take-out Thai. It's by no means the best Thai I've had in Edinburgh, as that accolade goes to restaurants. But as far as take-out goes, it's a 5 star take-out all the way. Especially considering the prices.So next time I'm too lazy to cook or leave the house and want food, I'm calling Silver Bowl. Yip.
4	Its December......after a long day of walking round town we decided a pot of mulled wine and watching Home Alone could only be improved by a nice Thai talk away.After a bit of web surfing we decided Silver Bowl looked like good value. We opted for a slsection of starters. Chciken satay and fish cake nom!!Then I went Prawn Pad Thai and my dining chum went Chicken Pad Thai . Delicious noodles, crisp....lots of prawns...really tasty!All in all a great evening.
4	Ring in the new year. Bring out the Thai Take Away from Silver Bowl. On our day of post NYE celebrations (i.e. tired, lethargic, lust-less..) it was decided that we let some other do the cooking. Unfortunately our 'normal' Thai place was closed on this day. Alternatives were needed. We found an old takeaway menu and we logged in online to see if anything had changed. It was still the same. We ordered for delivery at 5 online, however it came to our attention (only later when we called) that only open at 5 but they already started on our dishes. And sure enough those arrived 20 min later. My personal favourite is the Tom Yum - this time with Gai (chicken). It was so packed with flavours and proper ingredients. I could have had 3 more and called it a meal. My other dish was a spicy chili beef and cashew, side order of beansprout soft noodles. I was less impressed with this dish (I contribute this to the Tom Yum I had only finished minutes before). It was tasty, but not as flavour or spice packed I wanted it to be. - Oh well, nothing that cannot be saved with some chili oil and white pepper. In all they are now firmly in my top 3 for ordering Take Away.
