4	I know a lot people don't like McD's, but this one is actually pretty good.  Every time I have gone there, they get my order correct and pretty good service.  If you have Sun Dollars from ASU you can use them there.  It's cheap food and the parfaits are good for only a buck.  The bathrooms are always clean and they remodeled the inside so it looks really nice.  They even have a waterfall inside.  It's probably the nicest McDonald's in Tempe.
1	This location has the WORST service I have ever seen. I mean, I know people make mistakes once or twice, but EVERY time I eat here something goes wrong. I've had food not given to me that I paid for, really terribly cooked food, and order mess-ups all at this location in just the past few times I've been here. Come on, really, you work at a FAST FOOD place. How hard can your job be? The only reason I keep returning here is because its right near my apartments but it looks like from now on I'll be going out of my way to go to the location on University.
1	Everyone on the planet darn near has visited McDonald's. It's worldly icon and it will probably be the first form of food to be available on the ISS (International Space Station) which I think is only fitting! However there is a problem that "McD's" needs to fix before "they boldly go where no burger has gone before." McD's management at the store level and at the corporate level need to train their employees on how to get an order correct when it comes to what the customer says they want. Now I'm not saying don't up sell apple pies and drinks but the people who work in drive through and in-store need to really listen to the customer and hear what they want! When I go to McD's drive thru or in-store I like to order a "Quarter Pounder" an original "core" sandwich at McD's. The Quarter Pounder was invented in 1971. When I place my order the employee always ask me do I want cheese on it? I say no and they turn and tell the cook "One Quarter Ham" please. Now I have learned over the years of ordering at McD's how to order to get exactly what I want, so I figured I would say what the order taker would say to the cook to get what I wanted. Sounds pretty simple to me...Not so fast! The order taker still ask me if I wanted cheese on my burger.So when I return another time and I order my Quarter Pounder I say "may I have a Quarter Ham please" and what does the employee do? Ask me if I want cheese!!! I say no again! Then they turn around and say "One Quarter Ham!" What's up with that? I ask for for a burger in McDonald's employee terminology and the employee disregards the terminology and hears only what they want to hear.Then to top things off they want to charge me the same price for a Qtr Ham as a Qtr Ham with cheese which makes no sense to me! So when I inquire about the differences in prices or lack there of, the employees tell me that they must charge me the same price for a "Quarter Ham" as a "Quarter Pounder with Cheese" there is no pricing difference. Why not??? (Considering a regular hamburger cost one price and their regular cheeseburger cost is a little more because of the cheese being added.) By me not adding cheese to my sandwich the employee has to do more keystrokes than the single one touch entry for a Quarter Pounder with cheese! More work= more time in line for the employee and the customer.I know I'm crazy for blogging about this but if nothing is said people will not get what they want when they go to McD's and that's not right and I really do enjoy the food there. I have been going since I was a little kid with my father and brother and it was a weekly treat and I have done the same with my son some 30+ years later. What your training your employees to do is not good customer service this is cattle herding!!! The days of customer service have all but dissolved away and as a corporate entity you know this and instead of going back to what got you where you are today you change your own corporate model and do business as usual!!!On a side note! if your going to put someone in drive-thru, put someone there who speaks intelligable english. I could barely understand the girl working in the drive-thru and I also speak spanish and when I realised it would be better to talk to her in spanish she dismissed my ability to order in spanish and used English but when I'm in the store (same transaction because something was wrong with my order) I heard someone make their order in spanish and she spoke it back to the customer for the whole transaction! Can a brotha that speaks spanish not be slightly discriminated against because I don't look like I come from a spanish speaking country???
1	I've never had a problem with service from the employees or food, as far as McDonald's go that aspect is pretty typical. The problem lays in the terrible people that occupy the lobby for hours on end. This is a place for people to flock with their computers and sit for 8 hours at a time. They leech off of the wi-fi and play their music loudly while they play games. It gets worse when they have breakfast wrappers sitting on their table at 4pm. If you want a seat to enjoy your meal upon, you're out of luck, and the idea of going in groups is directly out of the question unless you want to sit outside by a busy road. Until the management steps up and clears out lobby for the actual customers, i recommend trying the taco bell next door.
3	I had their cheddar and grilled onion burger.  It wasn't bad...
3	The usually get stuff wrong, but are quick to fix it. Cater to the drive thru customers so you might have to wait a while if you go in to order. Inside is generally clean,  bathrooms are not the worst. They have catsup and straws and napkins available for self service. There are many different seating options and they're open late inside the dining area.
1	One thing about this McDonald's is that the decor has been revamped. It's a very nice McDonalds when you look at everything. However, that's as far as it goes.Good thing I'm only coming in for something off the value menu but I say you are better off going somewhere else. Or even a different McDonald's. The one on McClintock and University is nice. Go to that one.The service at this one by ASU is pretty lousy. I had a person that couldn't even answer my questions. A manager was there to interpret back to the person at the register. And another time, they couldn't even answer what a certain sandwich contains when they DID speak English. I don't know what these people are doing but it's definitely not their job.
1	I ordered a happy meal from the drive thru for my son and there was a large cockroach dead in the box.  I went into the store and was told that I must have put the roach in the box, that they did not believe that they served me a meal with a roach in the box.  I've filed a formal complaint with the health department, and also with McD's corporate.  If there's ever a reason to stop eating fast food, this was my reason...
3	It was time to try the McWrap. All the commercials got to me and it does come in cool packaging. It is like a burrito nest they lay the McWrap inside, but it doesn't look exactly like the commercials portray the thing. Nothing is sticking out of the wrap like fresh cucumbers, etc. It wasn't bad though. It was the sweet-chili version and the chicken strips were grilled and there was some veggies and a  splash of slightly spicy, but sweet sauce. At $4.50, it was only about 375 calories, so if you have no choice and need to eat healthy, the McWrap does the trick.
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars because 1 star is too generous. Two of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant have been at this McDonald's in the past two days. Last night the guy told me he was done playing my game and that they didn't have honey when I asked if they seriously didn't have honey and tonight I had to ask the girl to slide my card because she held it in her hand and proceeded to stick her head out the window and tell someone that she could see their light flashing. I get that it's McDonald's but this specific location is awful and will no longer be receiving my business
2	This location was one of the worst experiences I've had at McDonalds in a while. The location is older and you can tell the lot needs to be repaved. The drive thru was extremely slow. Add to it that the location is really inconvenient, and this made for a poor experience
1	It's your typical McD.  Not too good and not too bad.
