1	We just moved in together after my Girlfriend/fiance lived here for over a year. She said it they used to care about their customers. Management knew you by name, issues were resolved, and the grounds were well kept. We have been here since Mid May 2012 and have had nothing but issues with the staff, and requests for repairs. The Repair staff is phenominal. The process to get the simplest request done takes 2-3 times as long usually due to management dropping the ball.We made a payment on time through their system and it not only posted late we got to pay an additional 100 bucks in fees, which the office would not bother crediting even though it was their error. There bill pay switched over and after speaking directly with their systems operator/company they verified it was their error. But we were still out an extra 100. We were up front with them about two pets moving in. We told them we would not renew if our pets weren't allowed. We were told by management everything was fine. Two months into the lease and only after we were attacked by a neighbors dog, my hand and my smaller dogs face, resolved, not on the leash and not even listed on the property, we received a notice of unauthorized dogs on the property. After confronting the office it turns out they messed up but we now get to pay an additional 51 a month. Even though according to our agreement that cost is already factored in... Needless to say after numerous headaches with the office staff having very poor customer service, after ripping us off, we are now seeking legal action to garner back our costs spent and have also contacted The Better Business Bureau. I would not recommend this property to anyone. The cabinets are cheap, the appliances in the kitchen were new, the dryer and washer were old. Stains on carpet when we moved in and after requesting a price to replace we were quoted over 900 dollars out of pocket to replace carpet we were renting. The grounds are well kept, and the community is really sketchy, I have seen a man pummel a women and after I threatened him to lay off her he just flat out said "I don't care, seems to be the slogan of the Broadstone Ahwatukee Fairways. We went from a rent of about 845 a month to now almost 1000 a month and due to poor insulation about 200 in electric a month in SRP bills. There are better apartments and I highly recommend you keep looking. 700-900 in Ahwatukee can find you a lot better.
1	Do Not Move in here!I could go into all the details but the facts are simple, They have no care for you, just your money, not your concerns on faulty gym equipment, not your concerns on being charged fees even though you were on time with payment by a week, charging you and threatening you with eviction due to animals on the property, animals you were upfront with before you moved in and is listed on the lease agreement, rude customer service, lazy customer service, and when moved in carpet was filthy, the apartments are ehhh.... dirty, dingy, new appliances, fake wrapped counters and cabinets, old washer and dryer, poor insulation and you can expect to pay an extra 100 bucks for utilities. There are better areas around and I would not even bother moving here. I have personally been on my own since I was 18, have lived at Crestwood apartments (5 years, cheap, friendly, honest.) Haven Luxury Apartments ( 1 year was college environment.) and Now Broadstone (2 1/2 months) I have had more bad experiences in 2 1/2 months at Broadstone then I ever have anywhere else.
1	No good. Ghetto people live here and just walk into your apartment. Tons of brat kids in the parking lot that run at your car, neighbors suck, new RIVERSTONE management sucks, shootings happened 3 times that I lived there in 9 months. Alliance maintenance was great and right on the golf course was beautiful. Layout on 2 bedroom also nice but Too many other problems. Crappy carpet, upgrades are poorly done and hair was painted into the walls throughout. Can hear everything around you all the time and parking sucks for guests.
1	Do not move in here. This place has become horrible. We are still dealing with issues when we first moved in 2011. We can't afford to move and luckily we fought to keep our rent the same each year, needless to say they updated apartments have not updated the staff manners, politeness, its very corporate and rude. None of the office or maintenance staff live on the property. First sign it is bad here. They remodeled the office in october till december then after february started demoing the landscape and pool now it is april and the gym, pool, are still closed. Do not move in here plenty of better communities across the street. Breaking lease as soon as we can. Formerly 3 stars when Rockledge aka Riverstone took over. Out with the old, wait it's the same staff members... sigh oh well... New owners make this apartment better. Wait a bit they are going to offer new packages with upscale apartments, no more fo-granite, real counter tops. Staff is upbeat friendly. Issues the previous "Alliance Owned" group neglected they have not only fixed but surpassed in fixing and resolving. The fact that most of their staff lives on site was a huge change for us. The previous owners did nothing, not improve grounds, not help with requests, not even answer the phone when you call them from outside. The new owners seem to be improving the grounds, office staff still a little iffy and seem to be very rude and stand offish at times but most part repair staff is the best I've seen in a long time.
