5	no one has written about this location? well, fine. i guess a girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta do.i love Pete & Mac's! recommended by my vet (AZ Animal Wellness Center), i called them up to set a grooming appointment for my super hairy dog who has a tendency to go out in the backyard and roll around in the grass. the receptionist was extremely friendly and helpful. she offered to contact the vet in order to get Penny's vaccination papers. loved that!the place is extremely clean and very cute. they have a small retail area when you first walk in and large windows so you can see the dog play area and observe all the dogs (and the extremely vigilant p&m employee) rolling around and having a good time. Filling out the forms for Penny's appointment was fairly fast and easy. I dropped an extremely dirty dog off at noon and came back when they called me at 3 to find a very happy, clean, good smelling pup when i got back. they did a great job on her nails and teeth and it seemed like Penny really adored the groomer (that never happens). Definitely a great, pleasant experience at Pete & Mac's
4	Pete & Mac's in Gilbert is awesome, I have been taking my puppy there for doggy daycare and grooming for a few months.  My puppy always comes back worn out and relaxed after a day of fun at P & M's.Pro's: Worn out puppy, clean facility, pricing is good, friendly staffCon's: Location is a bit out of the way.
5	Love this place. The entire staff is so friendly and sweet to my dog. She gets anxiety very easily and they do everything they can to make her stay fun and as enjoyable as possible. I also love that she can be groomed before I pick her up so she comes home smelling good.  I love reading her report card and finding out how she did during play times. I have to give Pete and Mac's a huge thank you for caring for my dog like it was their own.
4	I had previously written a review for Pete & Mac's on another page, I suppose it wasn't the "official" page.  I originally gave them 5 stars because they treat my dog so well and they are always super friendly.  I have revised my review just a bit to accommodate a recent happening.Love Pete & Mac's for their genuine love for dogs and the ability to make my dog forget about her anxiety for a minute.  My dog is getting better about staying and I think it has to do with the people that work for this place.  As I previously stated, I had given them 5 stars but after this last stay, I'm sad to say, they only get 4.  This 1 star deduction is for the front office staff at pick up.  They were rude.  Period.  I am big on customer service and feel like they could have been, um, warmer??  I know it's a Sunday but c'mon.  Now, the staff that was there when I dropped her off was very friendly and very helpful.  I will continue to board my dog here because I know she is in good hands but will keep my fingers crossed that I don't have to encounter the same 2 unfriendly women I did previously.
5	Pete and Mac's is, hands down, the best thing I do for my dog :)  When we walk through the door, his tail starts wagging and I bet it doesn't stop all day! The staff there truly loves animals, and they treat the dogs with compassion and respect. My dog is a rescue, and Pete and Mac's has had a huge hand in his rehabilitation.  He has gone from being timid and wary to being a happy and confident dog, and much of the difference in his behavior can be traced back to when I began to take him to Pete and Mac's for daycare.  They also reinforce the training he gets at home, so he has remained as obedient as ever--perhaps he is even better behaved because of his time there.  I'm also a firm believer that a tired dog is a good dog.  He gets lots of play time and attention when he is there, so on the days I have long working hours, I know he is getting the exercise he needs.What makes it even better is that I board him at Pete and Mac's when I travel.  He is so familiar with the staff and feels so loved there that he has minimum anxiety while I'm gone.  On his pick-up day, the groomer gives him a bath that leaves him clean, fluffy, and good smelling.Pete and Mac's has a loyal customer in me and in my dog, Beau!
5	I've only taken my puppy to Pete & Mac's a few times so far, but I'm very happy and impressed with their services and their employees.Even as a new customer, the girls already know who I am, rather the which dog I'm picking up. The 3 times I've used them for daycare, the person helping me was giving me stories of my puppy when they were also watching the dogs from the front counter. They were watching in addition to the specific person monitoring the dogs. Will continue to take my dog here!
1	Several weeks ago I made an appointment for our dog to be groomed; about 7 days ago I called again to see if there was any room/time for a shed x process.  At thattime I was informed, there were no other reservations for grooming, and it would be fine.  Our dog was scheduled at 10:30a; at 3:30p I called to find out if our dog was ready.  I was informed it would take another 2 to 3 hrs..  We picked our dog up and no Shed X was done.  I think the groomer does good work, but this rep let me know that other dogs would come before our dog.  I won't return as I have never had such a wait for my dog to be groomed.  It would have be 7hrs had I not picked him up regardless...
4	We decided to board our puppy here over Labor Day weekend and took her to the daycare the week before to get her accustomed to the staff and environment. Both times she came home exhausted from a full, fun day at daycare. Grandma picked her up for us from her boarding stay and was exhausted- to me that's always a huge plus that she's being active and we're getting our money's worth! I loved getting reports she was enjoying her time with the other dogs and playing games like chase, tag and having fun in the pool. The staff is great with communication via phone and their staff responds to facebook posts as well. I've had no issues with being mistreated by their front desk staff on the multiple times I've been there. I also appreciated that my emergency contact checked in on our pet over her visit and they brought her out so she could make sure she was doing OK since it was the first time leaving her for multiple days and she has separation anxiety. I admit I was a bit leery with the negative reviews but I can only suggest to try it yourselves before forming an educated opinion. We've found our new home away from home for our dog child.
5	I've been boarding my dogs here for years now.  Latest time was over the 4th of July week.  The staff was very helpful, especially since I had two recent additions to our family of two chihuahuas.  They were rescue dogs, so I was a little concerned on how well they would do their first time at being boarded.  The staff took extra time and effort to make sure they were comfortable with them, and our "old timers" (a labradoodle, labrador mix, and chihuahua) were already so happy to be there.I wouldn't trust my 5 dogs to anyone else, as I know that my fur-babies will get the care and attention they need.
5	I have boarded my 1 year old maltipoo Charlie at Pete and Mac's twice. They were great!Charlie was recently adopted from a shelter and experiences moderate to severe "stranger danger" and often is afraid when meeting new people. As such, I am always nervous when leaving him the care of others. The staff at Pete and Mac's were very accommodating and made me feel like my pup was in good hands. When I got him back they gave me a little doggie report card that told me all about his time there and how things went. It was so nice and he seemed happy and comfortable when I picked him up.The cost is comparable to other places that I looked at and the accommodations are clean, though not exceptionally luxurious.Overall, I have been pleased with all of my experiences so far and I plan on using them for future boarding needs. Additionally, I may check out the other services that they offer!
3	No reviews on boarding kitties? Our cat has been here possibly over 10 times -  with durations of anywhere from 2/3 days to 2 weeks - as we travel a lot with the hubbie's work. There are many great things about this place - the staff have always been friendly and helpful and got to know us well. My cat always left happy and healthy and I was able to call to check up and see how things were going and get a nice report straight away. I like the discount that they give based on your duration of stay (EG our last stay was approx. 17 days and we got 2 free).  The cat room is large with lots to do and if it's not busy they will double up and give her 2 spots instead of one so she has more room. So overall, we have had great experiences (and like I said she has been there a lot - probably 60-70 days) but I took of a few stars for a few things - I do think the hours for drop off and collection are limited. If we get back at 9pm I'd rather collect her straight away than wait until the next morning. Webcams would be nice ( I know this would drive up the cost though, but I would pay the extra to be able to view the cat room at any time). I think attention to detail and paying attention to specific care instructions could improve. EG - we asked them to give her PLENTY of treats as she loves them but when we came to collect her the bag was unopened. Her report card would always be inconsistent and have the same "routine" comments written on it.  We asked for just a TINY bit of wet food to be given to her each morning and night but when my friend popped in to check on her and visit her, her food plate had a full can on it. My cay is laid-back so these things are not TOO big of an issue, but if you have a pet who gets stressed when their routine is changed these small details could be huge. Overall, these guys are good but if we had to use boarding again we MAY look for somewhere  else as the rates are expensive and attention to detail needs to improve.
3	This review is for grooming only as we have never used the boarding service.Normally we see Cory and he is amazing with our dog.  The downside to grooming with Pete & Mac's is that it will take up most of your day waiting on the call.  We were unaware that when they give you an appointment time, that it is just a drop off time.  That it's not your pets actual appointment time.  Several pets are dropped at the same time and they are basically cycled through.  Today our dog was there for 6 1/2 hours which is a terribly long time for grooming.  For those dogs that are stressed by going to the groomer, that is not a good situation.  When I called for his status after 5 hours, I was told that someone paid extra for the "express service" so it put their pet in front of everyone else's.  This service has never been offered to us so I was unaware it even existed.  Grooming is not inexpensive to begin with and to know that if someone throws more money their way your pet is pushed back even longer is a bit distressing.  If someone wants an "express service" it should be schedule in advance so as not to affect other appointments.  We drive quite a long way to get to Pete & Mac's but are now feeling as if we shouldn't find somewhere closer to home where our actual appointment time is the appointment time and his stay is minimal.
5	Our dog, Lucy, spent some time here for doggy daycare & we were happy with the service. The building smelled clean when we walked in (not the gross, but understandable, pet smell most places have) & the staff was super friendly. When we picked Lucy up, we were given a "report card" with her daily activities & the names of some of her new friends she had made. This extra little touch made our day & we have it hanging on our fridge. The most important thing to us was that Lucy was happy to see us but absolutely exhausted, which shows us that they kept her busy & playing rather than locked in a kennel all day. The prices are affordable & we look forward to going back.
5	Cooper (my dog) and I love Pete & Mac's.  The employees are great and love the daily report cards.  Cooper is always very happy after a visit with his friends (four legged and the guardians).Recommend!!!!
5	I have two very needy min pins ! I am happy to leave them at Pete and Mac's when I go out of town.  I can call and see how they are doing, the staff is so friendly.  Also as stated in another review, my dogs are exhausted when they come home, which leads me to believe that the daycare is engaging and they are having a good time.  I recently went to Las Vegas and the price to board my min pins was more than my room at the Monte Carlo .  Nevertheless the dogs were happy, there was no 'kennel cough' and I had peace of mind knowing they were well looked after !
3	3-1/2 stars. Maybe 4. Still on the fence. We boarded our pets here for 1 night and 1 of them was groomed. I think most of my criticism comes from the fact that we have a boarding and grooming place that we LOVE, but unfortunately they were full so we decided to give Pete & Mac's a try - and I'm comparing. Play area was nice, and larger than our normal place, so that was a plus. The facility overall is larger, which kind of made me nervous. Louder, more barking dogs. It was kind of overwhelming when we toured and I feared it would put stress on my pups while they were there. I also wasn't sure if that meant less attention or personalized feedback. Our other place KNOWS our pups, when I call to check on them I talk to someone familiar and they can immediately tell me how they've been doing because the same person has been with them, versus the number of employees I saw at P&M. I get that a larger facility = more employees, so not necessarily a criticism, it just prohibited them from giving the same type of feedback. I've read some reviewers say they got a report card of sorts but I was not given one, and when I called I had to wait for them to locate my dog and was told they were doing OK... Which may be the case when I called and they were laying in their kennel but isn't indicative of the rest of their stay including their time outside or other interactions. There just wasn't a whole lot of feedback besides they are OK...They did a good job grooming, but I felt it was overpriced. I paid $60 for my 30lb cocker spaniel. Most I've paid elsewhere is $45.  All in all it wasn't a bad experience. My dogs came home worn out and weren't traumatized. If I was in a pinch and had to board here again I would, just would pass on the grooming.
2	After a bad first experience with a rude and discourteous front desk operator, I decided to put my one bad experience aside and give it another try as the other girls in there are super nice and helpful.  I have taken my dog in there four other times since the first experience and every time it got worse until I finally reached my tipping point this most recent time.First of all, they make you spend $15 every 30 day period to get flea and tick guard, which is bogus.  They nickel and dime everything, from extra time in the play yard, to treats, to the flea and tick guard.  The past 3 times I have picked up my dog he smells terrible and all of his things (toys, leash, etc.) are soaking wet and reek of urine.  I picked him up this last time and the dog had a hard time peeing, which also looked painful.  Turns out he got an infection somehow.This place is a corporate run facility more interested in skipping over dollars to pick up pennies it appears.  I have had it and will find another place to board my dog when I am gone for more than a day.  The care there appears to be lackluster at best and every time I pick my dog up, it just seems like something is off.Save your money and go to a smaller boarding facility more interested in caring for your dog than making an extra $3 off of you so your dog can run a little longer.
5	If you love your pet, you'll send them to Pete and Mac's!  We have been taking our beagle(s) here for 3 years now.  We love the attention they get and how attentive the staff is to the pets and the owners! :)  We use them for daycare, boarding and grooming.  Daycare - the spend most of the day in a pack of dogs accompanied by a dedicated worker.  The are allowed to roam inside and out all day.  Boarding- they can share runs and are always well taken care ofGrooming - we typically get the "Had it up to Hair" which gets everything nail to toes.  We also get shedex - which also gives you a follow up de-shedding appointment a week later!  We know our dogs love going there, but most of all, we know the staff loves our dogs coming!  We get report cards and you can see that the staff is authentically excited to see our dogs again! Again, I cannot recommend them enough!
