5	I just started as a patient here and am very happy. The staff is very nice and they have been fantastic to work with. I have had to go three times in the last two weeks and have a few more appointments coming up. I can honestly say I am not dreading the sessions as much as normal. They also have been great to work with for payment, since I am paying out of pocket. The other amazing thing is that they are open a few Saturdays a month. since I work an ungodly amount of hours this has been clutch. They even have tvs to watch movies or listen to music while they do their work. 6 stars all the way!
5	I was referred to Dr. Okun by a co-worker and must say I'm glad she referred me! The location is convenient and the office is clean and modern looking. The staff was very helpful and nice. I went in for my regular 6 month cleaning and got to watch The Office while they worked. X-rays were taken fairly quickly and I was out within 30 or so minutes! My previous dentist office was less than subpar so I'm looking forward to coming here in the future!
5	From the standalone stylized sign out front, to the well-appointed waiting area, Okun Dentistry is a class act. I met Bruce Okun IRL (in real life) and through our conversation, I found out he is a dentist. After he asked, I sheepishly admitted it had been about 4 years since a cleaning, and I always put it off trying to fit it into my schedule. He was very sweet but insistent. I really felt it was not just for his business, he was personally interested in having me in for a visit. I was excited!After some discussion over the phone, I found out he didn't take my insurance, but his daughter Amy did. On arriving, the receptionist was very friendly and while handling a few calls, acknowledged me and got me my forms between calls.Terri took me back to the area that I would get my work done. I was very impressed with all of the facilities. The complex the office is located in is older, maybe 1960s I would guess, but you wouldn't know it from the inside of Okun Dentistry. While taking X-rays, I asked Terri about the mouthpiece I was biting down on before each shot. She told me it was the film, and the x-rays were being taken digitally. Then she turned on a monitor and I was able to watch each x-ray come on screen. She told me this process reduced the radiation and it was so quick. She also took the chance to suggest better ways to remember flossing.Dr. Amy Okun came into the room after the x-rays were done and she was very friendly and polite. Briefly looking at my intake form I had filled out when I got there, she asked if I was local. We found out we had some overlap in our lives (she went to high school with my older siblings) and throughout the cleaning we chatted about things. It definitely took my mind of the sound and feeling of metal as it scrapped along my teeth. She teased that my teeth are boring and that I didn't need any work at all. She complimented me on my oral hygiene and my set of chompers (my words, not hers).Okun dentistry is a delight. I would recommend them to anyone and everyone.
5	One of the best dental experiences I have ever had in my life! It is a father daughter duo. My wife sees Bruce Okun, and I see Amy Okun. We are both always happy to go to get our teeth cleaned or whatever else we need because the office is so nice, and the employees are so competent. Their dental hygienist is absolutely the best one I have ever had. She actually convinced me to floss every day, and I do! She did it by carefully explaining the benefits, and helping me to realize that it will actually cut down the amount of time I have to spend getting teeth cleaned (i am usually in and out in under 45 minutes, thanks to their efficiency and my obsession with flossing). The office itself is very nice (recently remodeled). Apparently they have built in music and movies for you to watch while you are getting drilled, but I haven't been drilled here, so someone else will need to confirm. If I did need a good drilling, this is where I'd go to get it done. I love you Okun Dentistry! And I'll miss you now that my dental insurance has changed.
5	I've been a patient of doctor Amy's for years and I love my dentist! She's gentle and personable, willing to answer your questions and find the best approach. Her staff is very friendly and supportive. If you're looking for a great dentist, Dr. Amy is the best I've ever had!
5	Dr. Bruce Okun has been my dentist since I was 12... 20 years later I would like to say that he is just as great. In addition to his great work he added his daughter Dr. Amy to his practice and she is a gem! They entire staff is caring, gentle and they can even get my husband to go to the denist. (A feat in itself) I must also tell you about my 4 year old daughter asking to return to Dr. Amy because she was "soooo nice" she treated my daughter like her own!
5	I have to start off my review by saying throughout my entire life I have feared and even at times hated certain dentist's. That being said...I LOVE Dr. Amy. A friend referred me and I could not be happier! Over the years I have avoided going to the dentist even when I was in pain and when I finally went to Okun Dentistry not one person reprimanded me for neglecting my teeth. The office staff from the front desk to the hygienist to Dr. Amy are all kind and caring. I have never written a review on a dentist before and never imagined I would but as someone who really does not like going to the dentist I had to share!
5	I'm a lot like Patti K. in that I dread the dentist. I'm lucky to have great teeth and have gotten away with neglecting them in the past, but I've had a cavity that's been progressing as of late and finally has started to bug me. I was a bit nervous to go to this office not only having clearly been neglecting my teeth, but also having a piercing underneath my tongue. The last thing I wanted or needed was to be judged!And that's the last thing I experienced in this office. It was clean, modern, everyone was relatively young, super friendly and talkative, you name it. It was a very comfortable experience (aside from having pointy metal things jabbed in my mouth, but that's unavoidable).I'd say the only thing that was weird was the wait when I got there. I arrived around 1:45pm as a new client, signed in, and helped myself to new client paperwork behind the counter. I filled out said paperwork, returned it behind the counter, and continued to wait for about 30 minutes until employees emerged from the back. Later I think someone mentioned something about a staff meeting, but wouldn't you think they could leave a note on the front desk...? It was a really strange start to my dental appointment, but it only went up from there.
5	The last time I got a filling, it was a miserable experience and is the #1 reason I've been putting off visiting the dentist for the last three years.I went in for fillings this morning and arrived about 5 minutes late. Nobody seemed irritated at my tardiness, there was no rushing, and I still got out in an hour and a half - exactly as long as they said it would take.My comfort was priority. Dr. Amy & Kristen were super attentive to body language. They would feel my hand every so often to see if I was tense, gave me breaks to rest my jaw, gave me vaseline for my lips to prevent chapping, and complimentary happy gas was of course a plus. (All of this while watching Office Space? Win!)The really refreshing part is that one of my fillings was very deep and potentially in need of a root canal. While it looked ok today, Dr. Amy warned me it could progress a bit, even after being treated. If for any reason I have to get a root canal in the near future (within the year), she will only charge me whatever is in excess of the filling she did today. A dentist with a warranty? Awesome.Overall, this was probably as enjoyable as getting a filling can be. I am not dreading my next dental appointment at all.
5	I found this dentist office through Yelp and the awesome reviews were spot on! :) Dr Amy and Kristen were great! Dr Amy was so attentive and didn't try to "sell" me on anything like other dentists in the past have. She has a genuine interest in your smile, health and helping you save money. Most "new patient appointments" are simply the x-rays, poking and prodding but they did all of the exam PLUS the cleaning all at the same appointment. To me, this was awesome and made the most sense instead of just scheduling to come back yet again just for the cleaning which is what most other dentists have done in the past in my experience. In addition, I was able to watch "Friends" while getting my cleaning done with headphones on so I could zone out and not try to not make eye contact/have an awkward drooly conversation while they are in your mouth. Side note,  why is it that dentists want to ask you questions when they are all in your mouth? Ha!  :) That really helped take the ease off and made it a much more pleasant experience. "Friends" makes everything better after all ;) I would highly recommend Dr Amy to everyone- super nice, professional and helpful.PS- See Dr Amy, told you I would write and happy to do so! Keep up the good work!
5	I didn't even Yelp this place, and yet I found so right. ProfessionalThis looks just like a dentist office should, only less clinical. Everybody acts really professional and they had me in within 5 minutes from arriving.  PersonableI happened to get Dr. Amy and Kristen and they both were was so personable and pleasant to deal with. Everybody in the office was nice and super approachable, easy to talk to and to ask questions to. Even humble enough to give my last dentist a compliment on his work (Strange, I know ;)TrustworthyI have good teeth, but I know that they could have sold me something by saying that they could have done this, or make a procedure for that - but they didn't. That is awesome, and that is why I give them my very best. I will recommend them to friends and family... even yelpers ;) There's no other way to put it, I have found my new dentist.
5	Our little family has been so pleased having Bruce Okun as our dentist over many years!  He is such a kind, warm man and certainly is an expert dentist!  Now we also have the distinct pleasure of his daughter Amy having joined the practice!  We are now assured of continued dental care by a Doctor Okun!
5	the best cleaning ever! Dr Okum, was so gentle, I'm actually looking forward to my tiny cavity being filled.
5	I love this place! I have had so many horror stories and this place put me at ease. They are very detailed and want what's best for you. They make you feel at home and as comfortable as you can be while at the dentist. They are so pleasant and personable. My retainer broke and they got me in the same day to fix it. They also did a filling while I was there so my next appointment won't be so long. I love coming here and I leave happy and satisfied every time. I would encourage anyone to come here.
1	Well, there's always gotta be that one nay-sayer...I've been meaning to leave a review for a while. I went to Okun Dentistry after seeing their glowing yelp reviews. My permanent retainer came off and I needed it cemented back on. I called to see if that was something they could help with (my ortho is in CA) and they said yes.Dr Okun fixed the retainer but did a really sloppy job. He used a TON of the cement stuff and it felt really bulky. I figured "ah well, orthodontics isn't his specialty. At least my teeth won't move." They charged 200 bucks for about ten minutes of time and a shoddy job, but oh well. Then I tried to put on my removable retainer. Uh-oh. It wasn't even close to going over the huge chunk of cement. I called and the receptionist said to come right back.Right away Dr Okun seemed ULTRA annoyed that I was back. He grudgingly looked at the retainers and said I didn't need both anyway. I told him that I trusted my orthodontist in CA and really, really didn't want my teeth to move and I'd like it fixed. He proceeded to tell me that he has NEVER heard of someone having both retainers and said it was weird that my orthodontists did that (I have spoken with several dentists and orthos since and they said that is absolutely not true).Once we established that I wanted the mess fixed, he set to work. He shaved off a smidgen of the cement, tried to CRAM the retainer in and said "how's that?" I said it still didn't fit (not even close). Then he said it would be easier to alter the retainer. I let him try, he sanded it down to make more room for the glue, tried to SHOVE the thing back in my mouth, and inquired. Still awful. He went to shave more of the retainer and I panicked since it was becoming all to clear that he wasn't good at this. I asked him to fix the cement instead. Repeat the shave-CRAM-ask thing about three more times with an ever more irritated dentist. I finally gave up and said I guessed it was okay and left (it wasnt, btw). I reached out to another dentist the next day who got me in the same day but ended up referring me to an ortho who, btw, charged only $45 to fix the hot mess in my mouth.Again, I hate to be "that person", but I had a horrible experience here. I'm partially upset by his lack of professionalism and attitude, the price, and crappy quality work, but I'm also upset that he tried to do something that he was CLEARLY not good at. I would have had so much more respect for him (and no bad story...) had he simply referred me to an ortho.
1	Worst dentist I've ever went to. I didn't even get any X-rays done when they told me they would do a free consultation. I got free X-rays from a different dentist and they're requiring me to have them transferred here for an additional fee. They clearly do not want to help. I set up an appointment to have 2 cavitys done and when I get there they tell me they need the X-rays transferred when I was never told that before. They told me I would be better off somewhere else. Compete waste of my time.
1	You're a BS liar!!!! I first called and wanted a free consultation and you guys said yes. What kind of consultation just looks at teeth without any X-rays? What if I didn't get a first exam through another dentist. Would you have done a full set of X-rays? Secondly I did try to negotiate but I only asked once and you said no. So I set up an appointment to do the cavity and possible root canal did I not? So your negotiation situation has no argument what so ever. So when I set up my appointment, you guys said you would have my X-rays sent to you from the dentist I went to previously. When I arrived on my appointment date, the lady at the front desk all of a sudden tells me to that they need my X-rays from my old dentist for $25 fee because they won't release it for free. Or i can do my X-rays at your location for $75. Yes $75 not $25 in which you explained earlier so please don't lie about it. I was pissed off because I took time off my work to go to your dental office to spend money and get my teeth fixed. If you couldn't get my X-rays transferred a simple phone call would of have been great letting me know the situation. But no, I know how you work. You simply want to beat around the bush and be slick about it, tell me some bad news with the $25 fee knowing I'm busy, and make me just pay another $75 X-ray exam on the day I went for the appointment. After all this, on the day of the appointment, the male dentist just argued with me and straight up told me to go back to where I came from. He made a very racial comment about asian ethnicity. He told me my money was not good here and that the other dentist can look at my ugly teeth. I was shocked and angry. I never write reviews as you can see in my life. You are the 3rd time I've ever written a review. You are a liar. If your customer service is that bad, I'm assuming your 42 years of dental experience is bad as well. Even your dental location is a trashy looking place. Honestly, you know you're a liar that's why I'm upset even more now. I definitely will use my money to get my teeth fixed somewhere else. Even your teeth didn't look that great. WOW!!! Are you even licensed? So if anyone wants their time wasted? Feel free to go here. I gave this place 1 star because that is what it really is. Go elsewhere for your dental needs.
5	I have 3 words for DR. AMY OKUN..."I LOVE HER!" She was so sweet, kind, personable, professional, informative, and gentle all at same...I totally recommend her to everyone.
