5	First off, I am a spa junkie and go in with pretty high expectations..Spa 810 TOTALLY delivers on all fronts.-Great location and beautiful surroundings...just check out the photos and see for yourself-The services are at exceptional prices so you don't have to spend a fortune to look and feel amazing-Brent gave me one of the best massages of my life, his flow and technique were right on and he knew exactly where my problem areas were.I look forward to my next visit to get a facial/microdermabrasion...I'll keep you posted how it is..
5	If you are looking for the best massage EVER, then Spa 810 is the place, and Brent Owens is the guy for you!  I have been getting massages for years and have had some great ones and some not so great ones.  Brent's massages go above and beyond to a level I like to call Ahhhhhh-mazing! Whether you are looking to massage away some aches and pains, tension and stress, or just needing some relaxation Brent will make your body feel incredible when he is done.  In the past I have found that as you develop a relationship with a massage therapist that the quality of the massage can decline, whether they grow too comfortable with you or just don't have interest in delivering the best massage possible every time no matter what.  I have seen Brent for prenatal massage and now see him on a regular basis for deep tissue and the quality of his massages only get better.  He is extremely passionate about what he does and holds himself to high standards and it shows in his work- which I greatly appreciate as a client!  Needless to say, I have made the switch from Massage Envy to Spa 810 and not only looking forward to my massage, but also the facial and complimentary brow wax that is included in the $99 monthly membership package I selected!  I also like that I can share my membership benefits with family and friends without extra hassle and fees. I would highly recommend Spa 810!
5	Spa 810 exceeded my expectations. Came in for one of their package deals. Massage and facial/ microderm for $99. The services were beyond  wonderful,  and I was blown away from the attention to detail by all of the staff. Felt like I was at a resort spa! During your facial you sit in a "pod". Think tanning bed meets vibrating adjustable bed and the offspring is the pod.  Little weird at first ( your head is the only thing that is out) but I got used to it quickly and found it very relaxing. Ashley did a phenomenal job on my facial and took the time to discuss solutions to my problem areas without upselling. I will definitely return!
5	I found Spa810 through a December 2013 promotion - $99 for facial and massage - and became a member after my first visit. Both services totally hooked me. FACIAL: The "pod" (and the comped brow wax) makes this facial a great value. Ashley's a pro who will help you create a great skin care routine. She recommended Eminence, a product line I'd not heard of, but have since fallen in love with.MASSAGE: I'm a yoga teacher and generally active person, and I have made massage part of of my health care routine for several years. Given that, I've bounced around in Phoenix from therapist to therapist, tending to stick with those who really understand how massage can impact/change muscle and fascia. Now that I found Brent I'm done bouncing. He has the knowledge and skills to meet me where I am, and push me just beyond in order release tight muscles and reverse the damage of bad postural habits. He's professional, personable and very gifted.Do yourself a favor and book a massage with him!
5	Love how easy it is to get to and park, but it's when you walk in the door that the magic happens.  The front lobby is comfortable and welcoming, and there's great conversation to be had with the staff, if you want it.  Brent delivers a complete massage  experience, taking time to make you feel at ease and ready to entrust yourself to him without reservations.  I've had a lot of massages in my life, and Brent, hands down, is the best.  The incredible massage table doesn't hurt either!  The premium membership is a great deal and will let you combine services in a number of ways.  Looking forward to checking out the facial - in the POD! :)
5	I have had several massages here in Phoenix, but hands down, this was by far the BEST.  An added bonus...it's completely reasonable price-wise!
5	Just finished up a massage and facial today.  This spa810 is great! During the facial you get to lay in the pod that has many different features to help you relax and feel amazing.  The entire experience is 10/10!Before that I got an hour massage.  The massage was also 10/10 I liked that you never feel rushed. You get a full hour massage, not short changed on time.  Everyone here is excited and very informed on all your options. Afterwards I felt ready to enjoy the rest of my day. ***note***I purchased the red currant face wash about a week ago. I may be wrong on the name but it's the only red one.  If you can't get a facial from the spa often, I would recommend getting this face wash. It's a less expensive way to treat your face at home to feel amazing.
5	After deciding to purchase spa packages for Mother's Day I did a lot of research before ending up buying a great deal at Spa 810. After a couple of phone tag messages, I was finally able to book facials and massages for my mother and myself for that weekend. We arrived to a sleek and stylish though small lobby and found registration forms waiting for us with our names on them. Right on time, I was brought back to first have a facial with Laurel. I did appreciate the free brow shaping before the facial. The products and steps were well explained and Laurel listened when I said I had sensitive skin. The "pod" was a new but comforting feeling and I appreciated being able to request temperature adjustments. The time for the facial went fast and it was refreshing.A few minutes later, I met Brent for my massage. He was warm and friendly and really listened to the areas I wanted to focus on. I really enjoy firm pressure and he did not disappoint. He was very professional and knowledgable and even knew how to handle my very ticklish feet! I really think he has a magical touch by the end of the session, I felt like putty. I only wish it didn't end! The room had a nice ambiance and relaxing music playing. The entire experience was fantastic and I think I will end up purchasing a membership.
5	love this place!! very relaxing, great products & my facial by rachel j was amazing!!!
5	I've never had a professional massage before, but I was given a massage at Spa 810 as a gift, and tried it out last night.  Brent was my therapist, and he is amazing.  I cannot say enough wonderful things about the experience, from the beginning to the end.  The ladies at the front desk were fun and personable - both tried to alleviate my stress about a first massage.  And Brent - I can't say enough good things.  From the moment he started explaining what was going to happen, I began to relax.  Not knowing what I was in for, Brent took it slow, and calmly explained as he went along and asking periodically (but not too often) if all was good.  The ambiance in the room was perfect, and I felt at ease almost immediately.  At the end, I immediately booked my next massage, and plan to call today aregarding the membership.  Spa 810 is top-notch in my book.  Relaxing, comfortable and welcoming!  I will be back - I hope many times!!
5	I bought a great Groupon deal that included a facial and massage for both my mom and myself.  We also got offered a free laser spot treatment upon arrival and it was painless. The relaxing facial was a new experience for me because you lay in pod that keeps you warm, while giving you a mini massage. After the facial, I got an amazing full body massage from Steve.  On top of the wonderful facial and massage, the staff is so kind and patient. They make sure to take care of you. I'll be back soon!
5	Well, my 6 month membership has flown by and I am here to give you an update as to the progression of Spa810!  I have loved every massage and facial and have not regretted for one minute leaving Massage Envy! The truth is in the experience!! Laurel Ashley and Rachel are all amazing and have reminded me how beautiful my skin is and how to keep it looking that way. Brent...well I pretty much said it all in my last review so don't even get me started!! Lol maybe one day I will try a massage with Tiara ( I hear she is amazing too!). And of course can't forget to mention the head of it all, Rachel, making sure that the experience is flawless. I really admire her dedication to the members and their guests!! In the end, membership at the spa is an must have and you will love yourself for it:)
5	I brought a couple of girls here for a bachelorette/spa day experience and they did not disappoint! Massages and facials all went amazing and we were all so relaxed we didn't want to leave!I have to admit, when I found the deal on Groupon, I was hesitant. Not everything I've found on there has been real quality, but this was definitely worth it! We did not sign up right away, but plan on beginning our memberships as soon as Sundays become available!I'm wondering if anyone has done laser hair removal with them. They have very reasonable pricing, but all the reviews here are for massages and facials. :) Thanks!
5	Love this place! Just switched from waxing to laser and couldn't be happier with the price and service!
