4	One time, at Office Max, I got a highlighter for a penny.Another time at Office Max, they had average prices on average office supplies.This one time, at Office Max, the staff were nice enough, though corporate slaves in their way. I've been here several times, it was always an Office Max.
4	This is probably the best Office Max in the area.  The workers there are very friendly and helpful - sometimes overly so.  You can't be in there for 15 minutes without 3 different people asking if you need help with anything.  It gets annoying but they mean well.Their selection of stuff is great and their prices are very good as well.  Their Max Perks program is also very good especially if you are constantly shopping for office supplies.However, I did by one of those extended warranty things they always push.  It was a clusterfuk of an experience when the printer I bought it on broke.  Anyway, they stress how easy it is to replace or get refunded a broken item, but that was FAR from the truth.
1	If you want a professional looking document printed, DONT GO HERE. Quality service is terrible. Screw up an order once, shame on you, screw it up twice, shame on me...I don't know what you say after a third time. I will never come back here again. This last time I was very specific with what I wanted. I asked for a full bleed. I set to normal parameters then made sure Rey understood and left. Four hours late when I came back my project looked terrible. When I said it wasn't acceptable, they said it was my fault. They knew what I wanted and when they saw a problem, instead of calling, they just ran it anyway. Then the girl helping me walked around continuing to mutter under her breath. Great people you've got working for you OfficeMax!
5	I work at ITT TECH and have to have massive prints done often and sometimes on the fly. I have had nothing but THE BEST service from the Impress/Copy Max guys. Jordan is AMAZING! She has got me documents on the fly in massive quantities same day. She is extremely helpful and knows her stuff. I can't remember the name of the guy who helped me before he was so accomidating when I came in with a very annoying order but was able to get it to me next day. They understand the urgency of my job and projects I give them and return great and fast work. I would HIGHLY recommend them.
3	Dear ASU Tempe printmaking majors (or those interested in making transparencies for printmaking),Transparencies are cheap and are printed in decent high quality, 300 dpi looks great, although nothing larger than an 11x17" (you can still piece them together). Their transparencies print with a white paper strip stuck to the top of the sheet, but you can easily peel it off, but if you are piecing it together, rotate your image accordingly so that it does not get cut off. Also, the canvas size for the 11x17" is always going to be a little less than what it actually is, so I suggest resizing to 10.5x16.5" just to make sure you're getting everything you want. The large format toner printer is also pretty sweet in 300 dpi, for those of you that like the old school way of making the frosted mylar false transparency. I don't know the largest size you can get with the toner printer, but you can cover a gigantic screen if you wanted to do some really large screen printing. Relatively fast, cheap for those of you on a budget, it's still a corporate OfficeMax, but what can you do? Those of you taking photopolymer plates with Dan Mayer, remember to double up on your transparencies to block out as much light as possible.PS - always specify the dpi to the employees, otherwise you might not get the greatest results, and bring multiple formats in your thumb drive just incase your .gif/.png/.psd/.pdf/.tiff is incompatible with their ancient relic machines that they like to call computers.Sincerly,Fellow printmaker Darryl N
5	By far the best office max location I have been to. Always greeted and asked right away of I need help finding something, and when I tell them what I want they promptly tell me where it is. There is never a line, and so far they always have what I need
5	Great customer service by the printing department. After another OfficeMax store screwed up my order, they picked up the slack and made sure that my prints were exactly how I wanted them with GREAT turnaround time. They even offered to print everything for free since the other store (Ahwatukee) screwed it up so bad. Would highly recommend printing here. Very knowledgeable associates and a lot of patience!Thanks, Biz and everyone else who assisted with my print job!
5	I've been shopping here for 3 years - I use a lot of business supplies for my photography business. This is not the largest office supply store nor the newest. However, they have a decent product mix and offer first class printing services. The employees are always eager to please and the prices are comparable. They priced matched a few flash drives for me on this visit and that ROCKED!!!! (I send clients their photos via flash drives).A solid 5 stars!
2	I have used the office center a few times for printing work collateral. The prices are a little high and the staff doesn't seem real motivated to assist customers quickly or with a smile. It seems like we are bothering them. I just have experienced this more than twice and thought maybe it was something worth mentioning. When I have shopped in the area retail area of this store, I've not had a problem with customer service, friendliness or willingness to assist.
1	This is the first review I have ever written and I am writing it to stop anyone else from dealing with these people.  This review is for the Copy Max next door.  When my boyfriend and I entered the store, the woman with the dark wig was visibly annoyed that we had just walked in.  It took her a few minutes to walk over and "help us."  She did not look at us once and had told us that we had sent the wrong sized file so she could not help us.  We asked for instruction on what the best way was to get our pictures printed. She did not want to help at all.  We left and tried getting the correct file for her to print.  We came back the next day and were "helped" by Josh who seemed genuinely pissed off that he had customers in his store.  He treated us like we were idiots and then told us that doesn't matter the measurements of the photo if it was 24 inches long and 32 inches tall or 32 inches long and 24 inches tall??  We ended up leaving and got the pictures printed somewhere else.  We left this place astounded that both employees we worked with were so rude and unhelpful.  I have no idea why both employees were so miserable but I would never recommending anyone to go here.
5	I come here to make copies for work pretty frequently, and I have to say it's always been a good experience with the staff. They are friendly and accommodating as best they can with special requests, and no complaints on the pricing either.
