5	I can't believe nobody has reviewed this wonderful little restaurant yet!  I've been going here for years, first with my parents, who are both from Indiana, then to treat my mother, my husband and kids, even my brother when he was in town.  Where else you gonna find a "breaded pork tenderloin" sandwich!  And it's really good!  They also have great breakfasts.  I had the "Corn Meal Mush" one day and expected a bowl of hot cereal, but it was actually strips of fried cornmeal batter which were delicious with syrup over them.  They came with a generous amount of bacon, too.  They are only open till 2pm so don't dawdle if you want to eat there.  And be sure to try the pork tenderloin!
4	Sitting near a table of older patrons at Hoosiers this weekend, I listened to them decipher the HDTV conversion in the way only seniors can. Did they need to get cable? Was a converter box free? One was paying for hers. One had a box and cable... Of course I chuckled, but understood what they weren't saying. Why does something as easy as TV have to be so complicated- or expensive? I say the same thing about breakfast.I guess that's why we were all at Hoosiers. Good, solid.breakfasts. Fast, friendly service. And all for under $10.
5	Looking for a good diner style breakfast?  If so, try this place.   After living back east for some time you get to appreciate food - diner style.  This place is all of that.  You can always tell a good breakfast by the number of people who are there or waiting to get in.  In fact the last time we tried to eat there we decided to pass as there was a line out the door of the place.   When you do get inside you get all the feelings of a small town eatery.  Many patrons seem to be regulars.  The staff is very friendly and welcoming.   The portion size is good and speed of service is great.   Cost is reasonable as well.   2 thumbs up !!!
4	So I had to make a decision on breakfast pretty fast last Saturday morning.  It was between this place and another place within a mile of it.  I had already been to the other place a few times.  Cunundrum solved....NEW PLACE HERE I COME!!!I get there and start looking around.  Looks like a pretty friendly crowd.  I'm waiting to get seated so I step outside and pick up a local free paper to look at while I'm waiting for food (you have to read something or be doing something if you're a single diner or it creeps people out).   So I look through the menu and decide on a Belgian Waffle with eggs and sausage.  I start reading the paper and looking around the place and I say to myself "dude....place has got a lot of sports schwag on the walls"  It just now hit me there was a good reason for this place being called Hoosier.  My only complaint (and the one that cost the place a 5th star) is that they sat me at a table for 4 people.....little conspicuous here people.Anyhooo.  The gastronomic delivery specialist drops off a squeeze bottle of my syrup (it was kind of a clear-ish version of a ketchup bottle you see at hotdog places) and I thought to myself "hey man...that's kinda cool".  So a little while goes by and the food gets there.  It was a pretty big waffle with really deep waffle-divots which is good for filling up with the deep brown nectar.  The waffle was pretty good, the eggs were tasty and pretty fluffy, and the sausage patties did not dissapoint.  Oh yeah...before I forget...the syrup squeeze bottle they gave me was all nice and warm.  Really grubbin breakfast they had there!!I think next time I go I'm gonna try the thing where they fry up corn-batter and bring it to you.  That sounds about as decadent as it gets.(+)Good FoodNice AtmosphereCool Schwag On WallsProximity To My Place(-)Single Diner Faux Pas
4	For the first time in a while I was out of the house really early, too early for the meeting I had scheduled. So to pass time I decided to get some breakfast. I had been wanting to try the Hoosier Cafe. It is always packed! I found a table right away. The water is good (not very common). I ordered 2 eggs, hash browns, sausage and chose biscuits and gravy over toast. DUH. The eggs, which I ordered basted, were perfectly cooked. The hash brows were wonderfully crunchy without being burnt (like my last breakfast experience). The sausage was a patty and was good but a bit oily. The star was the biscuits and gravy. It is a huge portion. The biscuits are soft and the gravy was thick and peppery. The servers are too cute. The whole atmosphere takes you right to small town America. I will return!
4	Great breakfast at a fair price!  Just returned from a short business trip to Chandler and based on the praise of fellow Yelper's went a bit out of my way to give Hoosier's a shot.  It was well worth it.  CB Hash and eggs over easy, Rye Toast, Home Style Potatoes (with onion and peppers 35 cents more) all prepared to perfection. The coffee was standard coffee shop variety, not bad and my cup was never empty :)  Sure beats the less than stellar hotel food or overpriced IHOP food I'm used to when travelling.  The super friendly and attentive servers put the icing on the cake.  I will definitely be back.
3	What can I say? MEH.It's a diner themed to Indiana.  I'm amazed that they stay in business with that theme, but what the hey.The food is normal diner food, good and greasy, I love that old diner feel.  They have that (in my opinion) disgusting biscuits & gravy, which is designed to make Hooiser's the fattest people on earth.  I had bacon and eggs as I'm not Hoosier, I'm just a captive there.This place is ok, but I won't go there again.  I was brought here as a joke because I was visiting from Indiana.  There is nothing here that I can't get at 10,000 other places in Phoenix, except high cholesterol.
5	My boyfriend and I go here just about every weekend. Great breakfast every time! We have never had bad service or bad food. We've tried several different different breakfast items...all good. Everyone there is super friendly. Be prepared for a wait for a table at peak times on the weekends...and your food may be slow to come during busy times...but it is worth it!
4	Great chicken fried steak! They get the hash browns perfect! Great prices!
5	lol @ Gary in ChandlerI'm not a friend or family member of the owner ... and I love this place. I meet a friend here on a pretty regular basis when one or both of us is craving the biscuits and gravy. She often orders a steak & mushroom omelet. It's exactly what you'd expect from a greasy spoon in IN. I was born and raised in Lake/Porter Co in IN so my curiosity got the better of me when I found a breakfast place called Hoosier :) I'm glad it's as good as I hoped.
3	Tried this place awhile back and it didn't have anything really that was memorable. Everything seemed just ok. I had a Denver omelet with hashbrowns and toast. My husband had some kind of spanish omelet with biscuits and gravy as his side and english muffin. The waitress brought me the wrong meal but quickly corrected it. However, she really didnt seem very friendly throughout the entire meal. Anyways, like I said, my meal was ok and the hubby said his was ok as well but did say that the gravy tasted canned. The prices were reasonable and their menu had alot of choices. Because of this, I would go again and just try something else and I would go later in the afternoon as it seems like there would be a wait by going earlier. Hope to be able to write a more positive update about this place in the future as it seems to be a hit with many other people.
4	This place was HOPPING with business...having said that, we were told the wait would be about 15 minutes.  So, we stepped outside and before we could even light a cigarette; we were called in to be seated.  I'm a Hoosier and just had to check the place out.  I was not disappointed, good Mid West cooking, FRIENDLY waitstaff, hot food fast...delicious cup of coffee.  It's a little cramped in the dining area, but it was tolerable.  Good Food, Good Service, Good Prices...I'll be back
4	What a beautiful Dive Cafe !!! I ate there for the second time today and it is excactly what Arizona needs. There is no crappy corporate presence and it is not an over decorated establishment .  It is a simple cafe with hooser pennents everywhere. Biscuits and gravy are available as a side to my omelete. (No boring toast which I can have at home) This is a middle america restaurant that makes me feel as if  I am in a novel. I am waiting for a Patrick Swayze Replica to show up and challenge me to arm wrestle for not being local !!!!
4	Clean restaurant.  Fast service.  Good breakfast.I only had the oatmeal but it was good and cheap.  The iced tea was fresh.My friend had bacon (looked thick and perfectly cooked), eggs and hashbrowns.I recommend!
3	I was visiting from Chicago and my Padre took me here. I get it its midwestern food. I had Chorizo and eggs it came with Potatoes and you can choose either toast or biscuits and gravy...AWESOME! I love biscuits and gravy and the fact that I can get it with my meal at no additional charge is even better. My only problem was that the waitress was kinda a B-word. She was all upset cause I didnt finish my food. Come on lady...I dont stay skinny eating a pounds of Chorizo, eggs, potatoes, and biscuits and gravy. Though that would be nice.
4	I love this place. The food is very good and comes in substantial portion sizes. I usually get a breakfast burrito for 5-6 bucks and other additions are very affordable. They even have fresh fruit and I don't think anything on their menu is more than $8-10. They are quick, and very friendly.  Hoosier Cafe is just a nice place to get a good meal for cheap.
4	You will love this greasy spoon as much as you love the diner look and feel to the place. Clean restaurant and it can get very busy at times, especially in the morning. This is a good place to come and read your paper and sip coffee. I had a standard breakfast with over-easy eggs, potatoes and toast. Now come on, I know what your thinking, who can mess up eggs and toast? Your right but they get it right, perfectly looking and tasting how a greasy spoon breakfast should taste. Which is good but obviously not that great for your health. Who said I was trying to save your life?My partner's breakfast with the bacon looked awesome. The bacon looked thick cut and perfectly cooked to perfection. He has also had the bacon cheeseburger which he observes is equally satisfying.
4	I grew up in the 60's and 70's in Michigan and I can say that the Hoosier cafe brought back memories.  Days when my dad and I used to sneak out of the house on Sunday for a great breakfast. The Gravy is thick and packed with sausage.  Eggs cooked perfectly, and Hash browns crispy on the outside and tender in the center. Oh and the bottomless cup of coffee!Bring back memories from the old days...
4	Yay diner!  Four stars for the diner category. Basic food, good prices, service with a little good natured lip backatcha.Oh, and basic diner decor with an Indiana spin to everything.Prices are good - in line with standard diner pricing.  I've had a variety of breakfasts here...if you consider omelets and scrambled eggs variety...always with bacon, potatoes and toast.  Solid.Go Hoosiers!  What is a hoosier anyway?  As far as I know it is a kitchen cabinet with a small counter area attached.  Go kitchen furniture!
4	This is a family tradition for me......... breakfast everytime I come home to visit the parents.  Classic midwestern diner, in the middle of the desert.Loved the corn beef hash.
4	I grew up in NE Indiana until I was 18 and this place definitely has mid-west styled meals. Great food, unique atmosphere, and great prices. I've taken my family and many of my friends and everyone really likes it and asks me to take them back. This place is hands down my favorite place to get breakfast.
5	Great French Toast!!!
4	On a rare Friday off, my boyfriend brought me to this place by his house for breakfast.  I was surprised at how busy it was for a weekday, but we were quickly seated and greeted with waters and menus. The boy got the spinach omelet and I had the corned beef hash plate. Things needed a bit of spicing up, but it was fresh, bountiful, and hit the spot. I'd definitely come back again for a fuss free breakfast.
2	My family really likes this place for breakfast and we came here while I was visiting for the holiday. Taking into consideration I eat out much more than they do, I am writing this review from my perspective as a passionate foodie. Overall I give Hoosiers 2 stars.The main thing for me when I dine out is the food. I know a lot of people are into the ambiance and service is a factor in the equation. To me I could care less of the environment and will tolerate long line lines and rude employees if the food rocks. At Hoosiers, I found none of the above. I ordered Corned beef hash and eggs and my brother in law ordered Ham Steak and eggs. I usually choose eggs Benedict or corn beef hash as a means to judge a breakfast joint. I should have asked the waitress if they made their hash from scratch or from a can. When my food arrived, I quickly found out. The hash looked a lot like Alpo and tasted like what I would expect it to. Not much flavor and no texture or substance. It was mixed with a lot of home fried potato's, a trick a lot of restaurants use to make up for the tasteless flavor you would expect from something dumped from a can.The eggs were cooked over easy and the potato's were cooked well and tasted pretty good. I think it's sad when the best aspect of a breakfast is the toast! My dining partner thought his food was good and the portions they give are fairly generous. The coffee was average and the refills were not given in a timely manner. Overall the service was just average. My family are regulars here and seemed to have a good rapport with the staff. Like I said earlier, refills on coffee were not that timely and no one came to followup once we got our food. When I went to pay the bill, the girl at the register had issues with the receipt printer running out of paper. She almost double charged me because she could print my receipt and told me "I don't think the charge went through" and asked for my ATM card again. I asked her to make sure before I haded it over. She got some assistance from the manager and I was right, the charge did go through the first time. While trying to straighten this out the line of diners waiting for tables got quite long. No one else offered to start seating customers even thought some guy who I assumed to be a manager (he was walking around while I was there, greeting customers like they do at Walmart, but not really helping anyone).This place is located in a strip mall and has plenty of parking available. The inside has some Hoosiers paraphernalia, but seemed to be pretty average. Decent number of tables, but no outdoor seating. The cash register is located right next to the entrance, which creates a "traffic jam" for customers paying their bills and those who are waiting to be seated. There is no where inside for people to sit while waiting for a table. Customers have to leave their names and then go stand outside and wait to be called.Chandler and Gilbert have several places for breakfast that rock all over this place. Taking this into consideration, I would not eat at this place again. The food was average at best (corned beef was awful) and the service left something to be desired. It was a holiday period, but I still expect decent service and this place was not that busy when I dined here. Don't waste you time and money with this place. I recommend the Farmhouse Restaurant and Liberty Market. To be honest, the breakfast I had at IHOP on Thanksgiving day was way better than this joint and they were packed and it was on a holiday!
5	One of our breakfast staples.  Love the biscuits and gravy and the waffles are to die for.  Never leave hungry.  At times there may be a wait, but it never takes much time to get seated.  It won't take long for the waitresses to recognize you and become familiar with your preferences.  Be sure to ask for your country potatoes to have onions and peppers added.  Coffee is always flowing and it isn't uncommon to begin a conversation with someone at another table.  Everyone is friendly and you can tell that they enjoy working there.  I'd say my only issue is that they have Purdue stuff displayed -- I'm an Indiana grad!
4	Good biscuits and gravy and pretty good omelettes.  The ranch potatoes weren't very good, not sure if the hashbrowns are better.  Either way it's a good breakfast for the price.
3	Pretty good food.  This restaurant is a true greasy spoon with a ton of Indiana sports memorabilia hanging around.  It hard to find healthier dishes on the menu so be prepared to charge up on some carbs.  The service was not terrible, but I have had much better service elsewhere.
1	I have no idea how they ever received a 4 star rating. This place was below mediocre first of all it had a very distinct smell in the whole restaurant and it was not a very appetizing one that's for sure. Secondly the server only came by twice once to get our order and the second time to bring out the food, she never bothered checking up on us or anything we actually had to flag someone else down just to get a refill. The food was ok I ordered two blueberry pancakes with an egg and bacon as well as a half order of the biscuits and gravy. The pancakes tasted as if they used a Bisquick mix and tossed in some unripe blueberries which was very disappointing because I usually LOVE pancakes out. The biscuits and gravy on the other hand were much better but still not good enough to bring me back . John had the country fried steak and gravy served with hashbrowns and eggs. He said the country fried steak itself wasn't bad but not his favorite, the hashbrowns despite having them topped with cheese, onions, peppers and jalapenos were very bland and needed a good dash of salt. Overall you would be much more satisfied going to your neighborhood Denny's than Hoosier Cafe in my opinion.
3	Pretty good food.  This restaurant is a true greasy spoon with a ton of Indiana sports memorabilia hanging around.  It hard to find healthier dishes on the menu so be prepared to charge up on some carbs.  The service was not terrible, but I have had much better service elsewhere.
4	Hoosier Cafe is not a heart healthy cafe.  Bring that knowledge through the door and you will be served up a hearty filling breakfast, albeit a fat-laden one.  I had the spinach omelet ($6.99) which came with hash browns or ranch potatoes, and toast or biscuits and gravy.  I chose the ranch potatoes and biscuits and gravy.  The omelet itself was great.  The eggs were fluffy, and there was a lot of spinach and mushrooms in the filling.  The spinach and mushrooms tasted great, but the spinach was loaded with grease/oil.  The biscuits and gravy were also very good.  The gravy wasn't overly salty, and the biscuits were soft and warm.  There was a large portion of potatoes to finish off too.  I could only finish about half of my meal.  Will definitely come here again to try more dishes!
5	I like this place because it's close to work so when I have a early meeting come over for a meal.
4	So, I've been trying to check this place out for awhile. I love b-fast, almost as much as staying up late and sleeping in, so it did take me awhile to check it out before they closed at two (my average wake up time). In fact I arrived right at two, which having been a server, I know sucks. Our server Marci was super nice and welcomed us in anyway, without even one look of contempt, which I know is what I would have delivered had I been serving a table at closing time. The food was delicious, and it being a "fuck it" day, ordered bacon wholeheartedly. It was the most delicious, thick cut bacon I've had. And the rest of the meal was delicious and reasonably priced. Next time I'm awake early (or up late) I'll be back.
4	Now THIS is breakfast!Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and I've always believed that breakfast should be hearty to get you jump started. Hoosier Cafe does just that. If you want a "stick to your ribs" kind of meal, Hoosiers' the place.The establishment is decked out in all things Indiana & Hoosiers. It has that old school "Denny's" charm about it. I found Hoosier Cafe to be clean and comfortable to be in.Warning, if you are a health nut, your options might me quite limited to a fruit cup or maybe oatmeal (not sure if I saw that on the menu). Let your guard down and indulge in some biscuits & gravy or a stack of hotcakes! Feeling edgy? Kill a chicken fried steak & eggs!It's "slap-yo-mama" GOOD!!!
2	This is a greasy spoon, diner, local hang out place that I usually really enjoy.  The few times I have gone I wasn't that impressed with the food and it's extremely loud in here every time I go.  Which i think is how diners should be except it's really much louder than you would expect.  The waitresses are nice and seem to know everyone which is always good to find.  The few things I have ordered to eat have all been pretty bland and not very good.  The Blueberry pancakes seem to have real blueberries but they are very tough and "chewy" not sure how that actually happens.  Usually blueberries in pancakes are the opposite.  The pancake itself was very tough and pretty bland.  I can't really recommend them.  I have also had an omelet before and it was good nothing to write home about.  So if you stop in I would stay away from the pancakes.
4	Today I visited for breakfast. I had the steak omelet. I was surprised to find that it was very flavorful, cheesy, and had a very good amount of steak. This was my 2nd visit to the cafe. The first time, I just had sausage and eggs which were okay but I was not impressed. Trying it again today made me say I would go back. Worth a try, and really good IF you order the right thing...
4	Ok, I have seen this business listed as a great place for breakfast.  I have passed by a couple of times and wasn't crazy about the outside appearance, too bland, and I kept driving.  However, I wanted to give this place a chance and see what it's all about.  I was impressed how clean and responsive the staff is.  There seems to be plenty of seating and I didn't see a bad seat in the place.  The menu covered about everything one could ask for, except maybe the yogurt fruit craze some people yarn for.   I ordered the biscuit and gravy, and a waffle. Both were delivered promptly with normal serving size (not huge portions) and each was very good.  I would not hesitate to return and bring a friend!
4	Greeted and seated immediately at 8:30 a.m. on a Holiday weekend.  Major plus in my book.The place is hoppin' with retirees and small families for the most part.Food was served in maybe five minutes.  Amazing.Eggs, hashbrowns and the corned beef were okay, the gravy on the biscuits was fine too but the biscuit was tasty and darn near perfect.Marci was our server and she was prompt, polite and efficient.  Kudos to the pleasant staff.We've been back once since initial experience and still a good place to have breakfast.
4	I can't believe I drove by this place almost every day for the last 12 years and never stopped! So I decided to stop in on a Saturday. Don't be discouraged when you see the line, it never seems that it the wait is very long and the food is worth the wait! Yum! Everything is good!  The staff is attentive and there is just a really nice vibe about this place!
3	I was in today for late breakfast. I am a regular and I love the food. I always get my standby breakfast bacon and eggs. The best bacon in town and I love that you get biscuits and gravy at no extra charge. With that being said, in the past not only was the food great but so was the service. Today, the food was great the service was not. My server was Shawna in the back end of the restaurant. I watched people from 2 different tables get up and refill their own coffee and iced tea. If there had been a soda machine out front I would have refilled my own drink also, but there isn't so I didn't.  I miss the old staff as I have noticed a couple of the girls have left. Bring back that big girl, can't remember her name but she was funny and efficient.
3	First I'll say if I could give half stars this would be a 3.5 rating, but I just can't bring myself to give it a full 4.  We ended up  here when the only thing that sounded good to my hangover was grits. So I got the grits with a side of gravy and a cup of fruit to take it easy on my poor stomach.  The grits were good, better than Waffle House or The Cracker Barrel, and the gravy went well with it. The fruit was disgusting, it tasted like it had been soaking in the juices of one of those gross fruit cups you get with nasty cafeteria food, none of it tasted even remotely like it was supposed to (cantaloupe, honeydew, pineapple all tasted exactly the same = awful). My bf got the chicken and waffles, which he enjoyed. The chicken strips are certainly not what you expect when you think chicken and waffles but delicious none the less. Overall not a bad experience, just stay away from the fruit! (seriously.)
5	I ate at the "Hoosier Cafe" in Chandler, AZ.  The decor makes you think that you really are in Indiana.  A very friendly staff provided good service.  I would love to go again.
4	Seems like a blast from the past... The servers are truly career waitresses making them honest and probably the best you'll ever find. The food was QUICK tasty and correct. . Getting food how you order it has some sort of perk, especially if your expected to pay for it. I would make the drive for another treat, though based on the wait and capacity on a Friday morning i would not dare a Saturday morning visit. . BUT, if your in the area, defiantly walk across the parking lot for a pedicure.. great little business complex they have over there. . A++
3	Good morning my fellow Arizonian foodies.....So by now you realize not only am I a PICKY person but I am proud to say I hail from Chicago and grew up eating at little breakfast dives.When we moved here to Chandler I had hoped to find a good breakfast dive to start the day out right.Our first day here we noticed Hoosiers and were so excited to give it a shot.The first experience was ok.  The food wasent the greatest...by a long shot but the service was friendly and quick and the atmosphere was comfortable and reminded me of the midwest.We tried again a couple weeks later and noticed, as we did on our first try, that the potatoes,bacon and biscuits/gravy, while good, were warm at best.I am one who enjoys my food HOT (temperature wise), so by the time I am finishing up it is still a little warm.The potatoes and bacon tasted as though they were made hours earlier and they forgot to heat them back up.I tried a chili cheese omlette today and must say, I was happily surprised that it was quite Yum!  It had little green chilis that gave it a sweet taste with a nice bite.I realize we live in Arizona where people think it is warm year round.....uhh uhh...not the case, it gets downright nippy in the winter and the restaurant is all windows and I froze all thru breakfast....guess theres not too much one could do about that, just bring a hat, gloves and a scarf and you should be ok :).Anyway, not too much more to say about HOOSIERS.... its an ok place with ok prices and ok foodI would have given it 2 stars ( ehhh, I've had better) but I have yet to find a really good breakfast dive in the area and MATTS BIG BREAKFAST is just too far to go.....so, you get 3 stars out of default!Go and give it a try...lets see what you thinkand in the meantime.......Bon Appetite' and stay warm
4	Hoosier Cafe - I know you've got a ton of regulars and the line is out the door and up the block on the weekends so we stopped in on a Monday morning. Excellent service and friendly waitstaff. Loved our French Toast, no we really really loved our French Toast. The omelette breakfast was good too, but the plain old scrambled eggs were plain old scrambled eggs. My fault. A teeny bit of a problem with the bacon for our skillet breakfast, but what the heck? Everything else was good enough to make a return visit.See ya next time!
5	I love this place! I've been coming here for years!!! Never a bad meal. Every time I come I ask for the "J Monday" it's 1/2 coffee, 1/2 hot chocolate with whip cream & chocolate drizzled on top! Delish!!!!
1	This place is true Midwest, I wanted an omelette with onions and was told .35 extra. The western is the same price so why extra and has more onions. Food is greasy a d hash browns are cooked ahead of time. Eggs were old and toast was cold. This place is a real shit hole. Never going back. The waitress was a grouch and rude as hell. This is not how we are in the Midwest. I have owned restaurants for over 30 years and this is not going to last. I don't know how this place stays busy, but the best thing that they could do is at least smile and be nice to customers.all this took place within the first 5 minutes of the experience. I went there because it advertised Midwest Food, This is NOT Midwest Hospitality HERE!!!!!!!!!!!! Nb
3	You get a lot of food for a relatively cheap price and the service is great and fast.  The quality of the food though is only so-so.  You'll leave full but you get what you pay for.
2	Food was good!! Waffle was everything I was expecting!! Service by waitress ruined the whole experience. So disappointed in the way my family & I were treated. The busser was so friendly & helpful but our waitress should find a new job. Will return to support local small business and good breakfast spot but will not sit in her section.
4	Great hearty Midwest Breakfast in Chandler. Biscuits and Gravy is the real deal. Good Place to dine!
4	Always has fast and friendly service. You got to have the Spanish omelet.
4	Amazing service even on a busy Saturday morning.  Food was good, served in large portions.  Good place to take kids as service is fast with an abundance of child friendly offerings.
4	Can you say small town diner? It is truly like a small town diner at small town diner prices.  That said, I called it a diner for a reason.  I am not even sure if they serve fruit and vegetables (joking of course). Great breakfast that is nice on the wallet. Be careful though, it can get crazy busy for breakfast,  especially on the weekends. I always feel, why go to Denny's or IHop when you have a place like this.
3	Pretty good food for the price, tons of potatoes with the country fried steak. Couldn't finish it.
5	Love this place. Great food and friendly service. Good size portions.
5	Out doing my Saturday morning shopping and happened by Hoosier Cafe. I have driven by the spot many times but for some reason today I took notice of the crowd inside. So I suggested to my friend who I had just moments before expressed her need to eat soon that we finish our errands and come back to give this place a try. This was by far the best breakfast I have had in a good while. I know, I know it's hard to mess up bacon and eggs but many people do. This place is awesome. It has a small town, small cafe feel. The service was phenomenal and the food delish. I will definitely return. Oh, the food. I had the two eggs, ham steak, hash brown and biscuits with gravy. My friend opted for the chicken and waffles. I have one word...Yummylicious!If you haven't been here you are missing out...
4	Not bad at all, fairly quick service on a Sunday morning if you get in before the after church crowd. Food was fresh and good, prices were fair. Service was fast and friendly. I had the corned beef breakfast with ranch potatoes, yummy. My boo had a waffle and bacon, awesome.
3	Decent food for good prices, ordered the spinach omelette it was very bland, but the amount of food that came in the plate made up for it, hash browns and biscuits and gravy were alright, the waffles are delicious though!
5	I have been here twice now, both times I got food to go, and everything has been really good. First time I got chicken fried steak skillet & second time I got the Denver omelette w/ hash brown & cheese and biscuit and gravy. The first time, the potatoes weren't quite as done as I like, but still good...second time the gravy had a bit to much pepper for me, but is still good. Like I said, these were just my preferences! Everyone was very nice on both visits and that goes for staff and customers. Overall, I plan on eating here again, cause the food is very good and you get a lot of it!!!
5	Best country breakfast in Chandler. Eggs were perfect ham was moist. Biscuits and gravy Awesome
5	This place has a mom and pop feel. All of the food is homemade and delicious. Portion sizes are generous and for a reasonable price. The waitresses are very friendly and treat customers well. I come here for breakfast often!
2	I'll be honest I was not impressed with the food. Very in seasoned and greasy. Service was slow. I also received a dirty water glass and silverware. This was my first and last visit. I give it 2 stars because the cost is low.
5	I am in town on a business trip and found this place on yelp. I have been here for breakfast the last three mornings. Just a good, old fashion eatery. Good service from friendly servers, good food, fair price, and a clean restaurant.
1	I was in on Saturday about  8:30 I  didn't get the name  of the big blonde women that took my order she reeked of alcohol,  wasn't very friendly towards me the  customer plus the food was not what I order she told me it was what I ordered I will never come back  to Hoosiers cafe ever again PS if I was the owner I would fire her on the spot for disrespecting a paying  customer
5	excellent food, and great service and even better prices. I will definitely be coming back.
4	Friendly staff seemed to actually enjoy their job. Very prompt service. Place was packed and yet we were seated quickly. Food came out and served quicklyAdequate portions and great tasting food! Only downside was only one bathroom so had a 3 person wait for mens a room
3	I brought my Mother there today expecting a cheap breakfast. While we were fed copious amounts of food, the bill was outrageous given their $ rating. $7.99 per omelet, no matter which one you choose. Every breakfast item was over $7.00. I was disappointed on price, but not on the quality of the food or the service.  Suggest Brunchies in downtown Chandler instead. Same portions, same service, a bit cheaper.
5	Love this place! Always happy staff. Quick service and priced great. I have tried almost everything on the breakfast menu and I keep going back to the omelets.
5	Prompt service, great iced coffee, the food I've tried has always been tasty. The portions are great as well. Some breakfast places skimp on the food, but not this place! Most times I have a hard time finishing my meal!
4	My husband and I come here occasionally with his parents for a nice hearty breakfast on the weekend. We always can expect great service and full stomachs. I usually opt to get an omelette of some sort and am never unsatisfied. It does get busy here though, so be prepared to wait on a weekend morning.
5	Our favorite breakfast place...price is good and you get a big portion of food. Their biscuits and gravy are the best!
5	This is a great casual family diner, everything a diner should be. Incredibly fast service, super friendly attitude, wholesome delicious food, variety galore and reasonable prices. I really enjoyed eating breakfast here and would recommend it without hesitation. And where else could you try gourmet corn mush infused with bacon and other goodies?! Go Hoosiers!!
1	I don't think I've ever had a worst breakfast. I had the Mexican Scramble. It was nothing more than a pile of near raw potatoes with s small amount of tasteless chorizo on top. I had 2 biscuits on the side, that were not cooked in the center. My wife had the chicken fried steak and potatoes... same thing . A thin tasteless chicken patty laid atop a huge pile of near raw potatoes. This is the second time leaving a post/review because the first one somehow magically disappeared. I also posted pictures but they too are gone. There were lots of people waiting outside for tables. There are so many good reviews for this place, so i don't understand my experience. I guess some people really have no idea what good food taste like. @hoosiercafe #hoosiercafe
5	Service was great, food was even better. I had a Denver omelet, hash browns, and  biscuits and gravy (for a side, instead of toast for no extra cost). everything was delicious of course, but I do have a soft spot for some good biscuits and gravy and these were great! My boyfriend had French toast with eggs and sausage on the side, the French toast was great, but in comparison to mine he was a little jealousServer was a quick, no-nonsense type of lady, and I mean that in the best way possible. She was efficient, made sure we were doing well, but also friendly at the same time!  I would definitely recommend this place for a nice atmosphere (feels like it has been there forever) and even better breakfast food!! Going back sometime this weekend, I will definitely update!
5	My date and I ate here after church yesterday and the other Yelpers were +SO+ right! The biscuits and gravy are out of this world! The omelets were fantastic and the portions were "farm size". The service was efficient and the place was clean. I will be back!A solid 5 stars!
2	I had the steak omelet.  Wife had ham and cheese omelet. The cheese used on the omelets is tasteless. Keep trying to figure out why it had no taste. When the wife is pouring ketchup on the omelet just to have some sort of flavor it says alot. Not sure why people rave about the biscuits and gravy. If you like white sauce with minimal sausage and lots of pepper than go for it. Have come here a few times but not really top on list any more.
5	Never had a bad meal from here
4	I've been going to this place for years and years. It's consistently good. My coffee cup is always kept full and the food is good.
4	I have been at least 20 times and I was never disappointed. Food was always good. There is usually a wait on weekends but during the week the wait time is very minimal.
5	Great food. Always busy when we go, mostky weekends. Always seated quickly. Fast delivery of the food .waitstaff all friendly!
5	As a resident of California I came to Arizona to visit family and friends over the holiday. Today is my last day in Chandler. Soon to be on a 5 hour drive home. I can't drive on an empty stomach, so I decided to try this place out. I order the steak breakfast burrito, and I must say it's quite filling. A white flour tortilla wraps the steak, fluffy potatoes, cheeder cheese, and caramelized onions all together. With a side of delicious salsa. A complete care package! If you're an "on-the-go" type person, I highly suggest ordering the steak burrito. And after enjoying it, take a quick nap before you hit the road.
1	This place was horrible!  Thw waitress was very nice, however it took 40 minutes to get our soup and grilled cheese.  When we got the soup.....of course it was cold and it was not good at all!
5	OMG the food was phenomenal!  Especially the cornmeal mush! Biscuits and gravy was awesome too!
3	We were unimpressed. The food was just ok, the coffee was not good at all. Service was just ok. Nothing special about this place. We have no plans to return.
5	This is our favorite breakfast joint. It has a very Midwest feel with the menu and the people. Which is logical since it is called Hoosiers and is a shrine to Indiana and their sports. I like the Belgian waffles.  They are always great. They do it right.
3	All things Indiana. Boiler UP!1. The biscuits and gravy were great. For any Purdue grads - can be mentioned in the same sentence and the Triple X Biscuits and Gravy.2. Waffle with blue berries was great. Really good.. weird that I had to ask for the syrup though. Is syrup with a waffle not a normal thing?3. The skillets... do not come out on a skillet. So.. its more of a HOT PLATE that pretends to be a skillet. This was decent.4. Coffee... as you know I am a snob so.. 2 stars. Very WateryMain take a ways it reminded me of college, so i got that homey feeling, and hte biscuits were great!
5	The reviews don't lie!  I have been there and the food is spot on perfect!  Every time I have been there, the food is always cooked fresh, eggs are a work of art!  The club sandwich is very tasty and the tea is real fresh brewed tea, not the powdered cheap tea!Real Midwest style service and quality!"It's on like Donkey Kong"
4	Kinda busy and slow upon entry, but service was prompt and the noise level soon dropped as the "old men's clubs" gradually departed.  Okay, jk, but there were several groups of older men here today.I noticed on the menu that the corn cake is a Midwest favorite.  I've never had it and ftm, I had never heard of it before either.  So after a few questions I decide to give it a try.  I'll preface the rest and simply say I'm not gonna order it again.It was, um, well it was just bland.  I couldn't figure out how to enhance it (butter, syrup, bacon, salt, catsup, etc.) so it had some appeal.Yeah sure, maybe it's something you grew up with and you developed a taste for it but to me it was little more than being totally non-descript.  So unless you're a fan, I recommend that you stick with the more traditional items on the menu.  Biscuits and gravy -goodWaffles - goodChicken fried steak - goodHash browns - goodCoke products -works for meFood has been consistent, served in less than ten minutes.Service every time I have been here has been what I would call ideal.  Friendly, prompt, attentive but without hovering.  And kudos to the owner who came out to chat with me when I had a thousand questions.  He was kind enough to give me the low down on the Midwest favorite.Maybe I should've asked him to add cornbread to the menu.Well we will keep coming back cuz it's all really good stuff.
4	This place is a great place for traditional American breakfast! None of that weird fufu stuff here. The portions are huge and the food is excellent. Traditional home style breakfast! Get there early because there usually is a line but it moves fast.
