4	Walking through Verde Maison is like meandering through a garden blooming with organic and nature-based beauty products. The decor is beautiful (the owner was once in the landscaping biz) with glass chandeliers that dance with natural light and a garden color palette. It's hard not to get swept up into a buying frenzy here but stop in next time you need a gift -- they also carry soy-based candles and bath and body care kits to die for. The owners are fastidious about their commitment to paraben-free skin and body products so if you have questions about the chemicals in your skincare products, Verde Maison is the place to go for the scoop.
5	Most may say I'm particular and, they very well may be correct.  That said, they can now add "Organic" to my description. One sunny day, after having had my Chai at Press, I took a lap around High Street, and stumbled upon Verde Maison, or "Green House." VM is just what the Homeopathic Dermatologist ordered! I'm a guy's guy.  Period.  That aside, I still desire silky-smooth skin. Roxana, one of the owners of the shop, introduced me to a skin-care line called "Ren," based in the UK. I'm not going to bore you with the ingredients or benefits, as Roxana will do that for me. I will tell you, however, that Ren is a "clean" product. The "beauty" of VM is that although the store is geared towards women, many of the products are unisex. Roxana and her staff at VM are as liberal with their samples as they are helpful.  So, in this time of shrinking bank accounts, visit Verde Maison, and shrink your pores.
5	The other day, my 1 pm conference call was canceled, after having 2 grueling weeks in a row, I deserved a break. I remembered that there was a Mineral Make up event posted, I decided to check it out and headed to City North. I neglected to say "I'm in" for this fortunately, Roxanna came out of the back and was able to accommodate me. I have barely heard of Mineral Make up and had never tried any of these products. I was nervous. After a little analysis of coloring, Raxanna went to work! She even included a diagram of colors and products so I could apply the same. I walked out of there looking fabulous, and feeling refreshed. I have been using these products since and my skin feels so much softer. Thanks!
1	Haven't ever tried any of their spa services but I think the beauty products are kinda just over-priced crap in pretty bottles. But thats just me....
5	EDIT:  REFER TO UPDATED REVIEW !!!I absolutely love Verde Maison!  One of the reasons I first began shopping here was due to the largest selection of Jane Iredale products in the valley.  It is the only makeup that I use, or will use, and I am a licensed aesthetician (although not practicing).  I have found that I originally only purchased cosmetics, but have found wonderful bath bombs, soaps, and other goodies that I absolutely love here.  I haven't experienced spa services, but imagine it would be great too.  The owner is almost always there and couldn't be any nicer or more accommodating.  Definitely sign up for her newsletters.  I have gotten some really great deals with her sales!  Happy to have a spot like this close to home.
3	Verde Maison moved from City North to the Scottsdale Quarter.  They didn't even have the courtesy to let their "VIP" clients on their "VIP email list" know that they moved.  I found out on my own and stopped in to grab what I needed.  I walked in and there were two women that worked there, both applying makeup on two customers.  I was literally a few feet away from one of the makeup artists, yet I didn't even get a "hello" or "I'll be right with you".  I stood there for almost 10 minutes, which is a REALLY long time when you are being ignored.  FINALLY, one of the girls asked me what she could help me with.  I asked for my refill, paid, and left thinking I probably won't be back.  There are plenty of places that would love my business and treat me well along the way.**EDIT:  I received word from the owner that emails were sent out, but other people mentioned they didn't get them either.  I have been back in the boutique since this experience and I didn't get ignored.  I am hoping that it was a fluke when I had my bad experience and it never happens again.  I always had such great experiences at Verde Maison in the past.  Most of the time, the owner was in the store during my visits.  She was not in on the day explained above.  Hopefully, her artists do not normally treat customers that way and it was an isolated incident!
5	I am slowly switching all my skin care products and makeup over to be Organic and chemical-free.   I truly belive in everything this store has to offer especially seeing all the products are Paraben-Free.  Roxanna, the owner, is always interesting an knowledgable to speak with.  I have finally found a natural mascara that is awesome called Lash Plume!  I love this mascara and am already on my 3rd tube of it.  I also recomend the Jane Iredale loose mineral makeup, makes my skin glow.  I recently purchased the natural sunless tanner and the ZOYA Nail polish.  Both look great on.
5	Verde Maison has become the ONLY place I will buy skin care products or makeup.  Their commitment to pure, natural, organic ingredients is so strong that Roxanna (owner) has created some of her own products to fill the gap of what may be lacking in other lines.  Besides keeping a record of each item you buy to ease refills, she offers a very affordable program for the best facial ever if you go once a month.  Contrary to a few reviews I've seen, the products are much better priced than any department store cosmetics while being free of all those harmful additives.  Obviously I'm a fan, and have been for several years, because this business has earned my loyalty.
4	I have waited till my 3rd visit here to write this review. I think I have finally found my Go- To place for my monthly TLC ritual a.k.a the facial. I have tried a lot of the spas at the resorts in and around Scottsdale and have finally found Verde Maison that meets my needs as well as priced reasonably. Mia is awesome and takes such good care of my skin. They have a discount for first time visitors which continues if you book a facial each month . Works out to be much cheaper and forces me to take care of my skin. Their skin care products are certainly on the more expensive side but seem to work...however i don't think they are mandatory to buy if you are coming in for facials regularly. Give it a try. At least for an hour, you will feel relaxed.
1	Finally was able to go in and have the facial I was waiting for. The atmosphere is nice and relaxing.. You get a first time deal and that price is good.. Their normal pricing is the same price as the high end resorts so since they don't have the same amenities I don't think it wld be worth the normal pricing. After I got home from my facial I noticed I still had foundation on my face. I took a remover wipe and got foundation off AFTER my facial! I couldn't believe it. They shld have removed my makeup properly before my facial. Very disappointed. I emailed them to let them know why I didn't reschedule because they called me to.. So I thought they wld appreciate the feedback on why I wldnt be returning again. I never heard back from them. I won't be returning for any services unfortunately, I really had wanted to.
