5	Great nail shop.  Clean, friendly.  You have your own personal pedicure utensil box.  And everyone in the shop does quality work.
2	I found this Nail shop on Yelp, they had pretty good reviews so I decided to try them out. They are in a great location, right next to the Jimmy Johns on Lake Mead!!I was there right after they opened, I walked in and was immediately hit with the smell of fresh paint. I believe they were in the process of jazzing up the place.A gentlemen asked me what I wanted and told me where to sit. He was nice and polite. I was in for a fill. He did a an okay job on my nails BUT what really irritated me was the fact that every time the phone rang he would stop working on my nails and answer the phone, mind you there where 3 women in the store who could have done that for him. I say he answered the phone at least 6 times, overall the quality of my nails is okay and they were reasonable as far as prices. Only $16 dollars for a fill but I probably won't go back there, 4 days after I got my nails done they started to lift!!!
3	Pam, Natalie and Jimmy do excellent work!!!!! And it lasts  a long time. They do amazing gels. If you go to Wendy, expect your nails to be chipped within a day.
5	I've been coming here for approximately 7 years now... Tan & Wendy are both Masters for gels... occasionally I'll treat myself to the deluxe pedicure (not often enough). I've tried other salons, but no other compares to Acqua!!!  Atmosphere is comforting & pricing is well worth every dollar...
5	I've been coming to Acqua Nail since the owners, Wendy and Tan, bought the Salon.  Wendy is an Expert at Gel nails!  She masters my fills in 20-30 minutes!  I never have to wait and she helps me with my color choice!  I have never had a problem with getting a repair-and a repair is RARE--with any of the staff!  My nails last 5+ weeks!  I keep them short and Wendy knows exactly how I like them so, no worries! I have had some of the others there do my nails and have been happy with them also!I recommend this salon to anyone looking for a long wearing, always shiny nail!  They are kind and gentle!  Go! Get started!!
5	Best gel manicure I've ever received ! Friendly staff, clean, and affordable. The woman that worked on my nails took her time and was very detailed.
1	I started coming here summer 2012 and thought it was the best nail shop ever. I would get so many compliments on my nails. However, there were a lot of times I'd have to make in between visits to have one or more of my nails repaired and I rarely needed to do that before I started going to Acqua. Then about 2 months ago I got a nail infection on my right thumb! It took nearly 2 months to get rid of it and I'm not prone to infections. At least I had never had one... but I believe it was because the technician's tools weren't clean. Def won't be coming here after that. Some of them also include their own tip in the bill.
5	I went here spontaneously and was so impressed! My pedicure was to die for, my technician was amazing and Alexis is talented when it comes to nail design!
4	I have been coming to this nail salon off and on for over 8 years. I'm always politely greeted with the same familiar faces. I have no experience with how they do nails, but the pedicures are great! I would have given 5 stars but sometimes I feel they rush a bit and since I'm here for relaxing toe love I like them to take their time. Whether you get a male or female the outcome is always the same; long lasting beautifully soft and painted toes!!
5	I so love Acqua nail salon. They are very professional, and very kind. I would suggest anyone to go there they are the best. I will always go there. Thanks to the best nail salon in Las Vegas. Maria Vargas
1	I tried this place on a friend's recommendation and I must say, I was pretty happy my first time. The second time I went for my fills, the woman who did my nails initially wasn't available and I tried someone else. What a disaster!!!! I asked for short, thin, natural looking nails, very much like what was done before. I ended up with way too narrow, clunky, uneven, thick nails and to make matters worse, the polish job was terrible. It looked like I had a 5 year old do it. She blamed it on the nail polish but I get reds and dark colors all the time and I have never had my nails done with uneven polish, polish on my cuticles and the my fingers. I called back, shortly after I left to find out the woman's name and express my disappointment and I wasn't offered an apology or asked to come back to get it fixed. That is beyond unprofessional; I just don't understand how a place can employ such skilled technicians and the woman who did my nails and not notice the difference. Overall, very poor customer service and very unprofessional. Mistakes happen, you can get over it, if someone took some responsibility and at least offered an apology.
1	I moved to Vegas about 6 months ago and have been searching for a great nail salon. Unfortunately, this place is not it. The salon was clean for the most part but the staff was not very friendly. The nail tech that gave me a pedicure seemed to be in a bad mood and her massage on my legs and feet was not very enjoyable. I paid 5 dollars more to upgrade to the "Delux pedicure" which came with a sea salt scrub and foot mask. That's the only enjoyable thing about this pedicure. The paint on my toe nails looks fine, but not great. I would not go back here or reccommend it.
4	I'm amending my review and giving this place an extra star. This is going to be my regular nail place :)
5	Honestly, best pedicure I've ever had!  For starters the chairs were extremely comfortable, making all of the other salons I've visited in the past months seem like they got their chairs at a garage sale.   So my neck, back and butt are happy, I have my tea in hand and as I stick my feet in the water which was set at perfect temperature, I can tell this is going to be good! Normally when it comes to clipping and filing my toe nails it's painful, but Alexis did a great job taking her time I could barley feel it.  I decided to go with the deluxe pedicure for only $5 more and it was so worth it!  Started with a sugar scrub which felt amazing, then moved to the lotion massage, and to top it off a mud mask with bags and a hot towel which my feet soaked in for about 7 minutes.  When she took off the hot towel and the bags from each foot, my feet felt so refreshed!! The minty cool feeling stayed in tact for almost 4 hours and I couldn't have been happier.  Alexis really did take her time and it was nice to feel like she was honestly doing her best for my satisfaction as a customer.  Smart girl! I'll be back to see her and I can imagine she has quite the loyal clientele.  Apparently this salon has been around for 10 years and I can see why! I won't be going anywhere else for pedicures from now on.
5	I just got my nails done and omg I love them this place is great they even have me a deal!  Saved me money they're really nice and they can do a design toy find on the Internet!  Thought that was pretty cool! Definitely going here for now on!
1	I tried here because my usual nail place was booked I'm so tired of a rushed pedicure where they do not do anything. Then painted my nails all over the skin of my foot and I asked Nicely for French instead and she argued not wanting to do a French bc she just wanted to rush through everything. Then to take the gel of my hands she didn't let the acetone soak long enough and instead of letting soak she scrapped so hard it scrapped through my nail leaving my thumb in ton of pain. I do my recommend any place that rushes and doesn't do the job well.
5	This place is amazing! I have been on the hunt for a good nail salon for a good year and a half and I finally found a place that I will definitely come back to. The staff is very friendly and did exactly what I wanted! I showed him a picture of what I wanted and I could not possibly be happier! Tan and Windy are the best and really care about what you want and making you happy. I completely recommend this place!
4	I liked the atmosphere and staff a lot. Very nice and easy to communicate with. I didn't have a wait at all, and was in and out in less than an hour. I had a mani-pedi and felt relaxed and pampered. The scrub and hot towel treatment was Devine. Normally before I go for a pedicure, I always trim my own toenails because I always find, wherever I've gone, that the nail technician cuts them too short and I get an infected ingrown toenail. Well, this time I forgot to pre-trim and I allowed the nail tech to cut them for me. Sure enough, she went too short. It hurt the next day and when I was at Disneyland 4 days later, I had to wear flip flops so it wouldn't hurt more. But I blame myself more than I do the nail tech. Overall, I am pleased. I'll definitely return again!
1	I was looking for Glamour Nails in the neighborhood and I couldn't find it. I ended up giving Acqua another chance because my mom went here and she said they did a good job. I went there and got the most mediocre pedicure of my life, I didn't feel relaxed at all. After my pedi, all of the manicure stations were occupied so this lady came and started doing my nails standing up while I was still sitting in the pedicure chair. She was soaking my hands in cold water, I barely got a hand massage. I could tell she was just trying to finish, get paid and move on to the next. I got my nails done on Saturday. It's Wednesday (4 days later) and I've already removed the polish because it was chipping off. This is ridiculous, I will NEVER return to this salon again. They didn't even say thank you.
5	I love Tan! He is fantastic! I walked in around 12:15pm the day before thanksgiving and he had no problem getting me in. We had a great convo and he was really nice. Also, he was gentle doing my set and the color he helped me pick is perfect for the holiday! Thanks Tan! See you again soon!
5	Wendy is the best at eyebrows. I lived in vegas most of my life and found her when I was in process of moving to LA. 6 years later or so, I literally scheduleMy trip when she is available to do my eyebrows. Excellent. I don't go anywhere else.
