5	I love this place. It's quick and easy, can sit there and basically build the pizza yourself. Glad to have one so close. The owner is usually there and the staff are always clean and polite. Almost all the pizzas are under  10 bucks and they give a lot of coupons. The pizza itself is pretty damn good. I like the thin crust and the regular. Never tried the stuffed because ya usually just me. The side are pretty good as well.
5	Thrilled to see a Papa Murphy's closer to ASU! Custom pizzas and salad for a great price! Loved that the salads are made to order instead of sitting on ice. Cowboy is my favorite if you aren't sure what to try!
5	The staff is very friendly and they make sure that your order is made to perfection which I really appreciate. I really appreciated the fact that the order wasn't rushed and sloppy :)
5	Before I stumbled on this place I use to be a big petter piper fan never liked any other pizza from big chain food places. When I first came here I thought of subway, but more clean, military discount, and more friendly. They took me through the whole process and everything they had to offer without asking. I must say when I got home I had some more questioned so I called them and they told me that I could and should cook the pizza on the plate that it had come on. They was not upset or rushed me off the phone, nothing calm polite and even offered for me to call them when I have eaten to tell them how was my first pizza. From that day forward I come here and I recommend papa to everyone. All that needs left from this place is delivery
5	Absolutely love that the owners work in-store often. Jarod and his parents are so friendly; along with the everyone else. Very courteous and never rushes anyone; even if there are others in line. Customer service at it's finest! I much rather stop here and spend my money for pizza than anywhere else. The pizza is fresh and tastes great!
5	Jarod and staff are really friendly! They took into consideration a mushroom allergy that I had and were really nice about it!
