5	We have taken our Chocolate Lab and our Tabbycat to three other goomers here in North Phoenix over the past four years.  We kept changing groomers for several reasons.We felt that our animals, both or which are over ten-years old, were not being treated well.  They had nicks in their skin from clippers.  They were stressed when we picked them up after their grooming.  The shops were uniformly dirty and smelled--something we came to accept as a fact-of-life for pet groomers.This grooming shop is hugely different.  It is clean, and there is no odor.  And most importantly, our animals are happy and playful when we pick them up.  As for the bathing and grooming, they are never nicked.  Our Lab has terrible problems with dirty ears and recurring infections; Brooke and the other staff take their time and are very gentle when they clean Annie's ears.  Finally, they are no more expensive than the other shops, and cheaper than some.  After our previous bad experiences, there is no way we would trust any other shop to clean, clip and care for our beloved pets!!
5	The ladies here at Central Avenue Grooming are fantastic!  you can see Brooke genuinely cares about my dog Lilly as if it is her own.   I would recommend them to anyone! Lilly looks and smells amazing after every visit! thanks ladies for caring for Lilly as much as we do.
1	Business hours are posted 8-5 but they were closed when I drove past.I called and got an answer on the fourth ring but was told they weren't open on Wednesday "this week".  Dislike they have hours posted as open but drive across town and learn they are routinely closed during regular operating hours.Also could see by reviewing on Yelp the only check it was the business owner.
5	It's rare I can actually admit that there is a good pet service in town, but this place is exceptional!!! The owner brook not only did an exceptional job on our cats but the word she promised on our four dogs as well. We were happy with the family-like staff, we felt comfortable dropping off our pets in good hands as if they were their own pets. We like the fact that the store hours vary with staff availbale a call away.
5	Brooke is incredible!  She is very kind and caring as much to animals as she is people.  She is so passionate about her work and really  has a heart to provide the most caring and "fun" environment for her rescues.  She is very customer service oriented.  If she is late, she's probably at Altered Tails awaiting her rescues to be taken in to be spayed or neutered.  That is where I met her and she was a real blessing!  Thank you Brooke for your kindness and compassion
5	Not only does Central Groomers do a great job, but they really care about the animals AND their people.  Groomed my dog and cut nails for the other 2.  Great job.  Great service.  Great rates.  Thank you for all you do as Groomers and the Rescue organization you support!
2	The only reason they are getting a bad rating from me is because twice I have gone there on a Saturday to get my dog's nails clipped and wasn't able to get it done. Both times I showed up right after they opened. The first time, the owner was leaving and said she'd be back at 1.. They're only open 9-1 on Saturday.. The second time, the girl who was there said the lady was out for breakfast!!! It was 9:30! They just opened! When she called her to ask when she'd be back she said in an hour.. I'm no business mogul.. But, I'm pretty sure if you want to make money, then when you're open, you need to be there to provide the services you offer.. I went to petsmart. They got me right in.. I try to support local businesses, but that was ridiculous. The last time I went there they took my dog in back, clipped his nails and handed him back to me. Boom bang done! That's how it should be. Super disappointed..
