4	I've only ever gone to Tipps for the lunch buffet - but it's absolutely wonderful!  This was my first foray into Thai food, which made the buffet option even better.  Lots of variety, lots of fresh food - usually 3 or 4 different curries, two or three soups, and lots of entrees.  Plenty of options to see what you like, ranging from blow-your-head-off spicy to just a nice warmth on the tounge.The service is always prompt and friendly - and the Thai Iced Tea is really good!They're great with large groups, and the decor is really very nice.  This is my lunch location of choice for a mid-week treat!(edited nearly a year later:  I still really like this place, but the quality and selection seems to have gone down a tad.  For instance, there's never Pad See Ew on the buffet anymore.  Little things, but I don't really feel I can give Tipps 5 stars anymore.  Doesn't mean I'm not going there for lunch this week though...)
5	I love Thai Food. Its DEFINITELY BOMB Thai Food. I have no idea how much it cost and jun, because i got to eat there for fre but damn is it good. The people that work there are young and hip and their Thai Iced Tea is BOMB. Its a little bit off the strip but it's worth taking a cab and going there. So why not!
2	Lived in Vegas for a little more than a year and practically tried most of the buffets in town, until a friend told me about Yelp so I decided to give it a try and see if I can find another buffet that we haven't tried. Came across Tipps and saw the good reviews so we decided to give it a try and think it's pretty over rated. It's not the best Thai food in town. It's just that they have a (All You Can Eat Dinner) for $19.95 which you order off their regular menu but the portion are either cut in half or a third. I think the menu was very limited too, they didn't have a lot of the items we wanted. There's really no drink or dessert on that menu. What ever you do, don't order the fried fish it was so dried out that it was really hard to eat. Overall it was just okay! When you first walked into the restaurant it has a musty old smell, but we put that aside and still went on with the dinining to see what the rave was about. For almost $20/person you could get better Thai else where.
1	It is closed, out of business.
