4	Good cheap and consistent. That's all i need in an Italian resto and this place delivers all three.
2	I know this place is very popular with people in the west island but every time I go to this restaurant for some kind of special occasion, scheduled by people from the neighbourhood. The food both meat and pasta taste like they came from a can or at least reheated after being made in an industrial kitchen. I fear this restaurant is a waste of time the only good thing about it is the parking. Do your selves a favour and stay away.
4	I took a look at the crowd and decided it would be faster for me to order take-out rather than sit for a long meal.  The menu is extensive, though the pasta selection surprised me - it seemed like everything was a cream-based sauce.  Well, I was in heaven, since I love cream pastas and adore pesto.  My order was ready 10min after I ordered, which is suspiciously fast.  I was also handed a loaf of bread to go (a very pleasant surprise!).The pasta was good, not exceptional, but quite good.  the ribbon pasta feels homemade, the chicken is not dry, the sauce is thick but not heavy.I will come again soon.
5	Tried this place based on the good Yelp reviews - and weren't dissappointed! Selection, quality, quantity and service all excellent! There on a Sun. a bit before the busiest time so no problem getting in! Would love to go again when we are visiting from Ottawa.
5	Great pasta and prices. Very loud when it's busy but the food makes up for the less than desirable atmosphere. They do not take debit, but they have an atm and accept credit cards.
1	I was excited to try this out based on the reviews and the fact that a friend had recommended it. However, I would never come back. The menu was extremely confusing and had a number of dishes. However, once served, a lot of the food tasted the same. The escargots were overcooked, chewy and rubbery. The actual meal that I did have, lobster raviolis, was covered and baked in an inch think of cheese. The veal medagalioni was questionable. I don;t even know if it was fully cooked because the pasta was so think. It was greasy and not appetizing at all! I was thoroughly disappointed. I would not come here unless you want to leave feeling disgusting and paying for something that is a guaranteed stomach ache!
3	Consider my 3-stars an average rating for an up and down service, roller-coaster style. After driving by Scarolies for years, I decided to visit. A friend, dining with us, told us to keep expectations reasonable as she said it would be "nothing special". We went anyway. I tend to want to experience things for myself. Sat down at a great table near a big window on the "top" level. First impression. Hmmm.. my chair is broken. The seat comes right up! I check if it's sturdy enough to last 90 minutes; it seems so. Open the menu. What a mess! Lamination on the pages peeling back on every corner. My wife remarks "well we know it's not a new place, that's for sure." Specials page just tossed in, bulky menus that take up the whole side of the table, unattractive, weirdly-spaced menu items that draw your eyes in 100 directions at once. Mind-boggling, literally.My head hurting from the horribly laid-out menu, I ask the server some questions. "Is the "crab" in this dish real crab, or is it imitation?" He answers : "well, we get it shipped in, so I don't know." Yikes. So I ask him for a suggestion, and he does an excellent sell job of Veal Scarolies. Veal stuffed with prosciutto, mushrooms and cheese. He categorizes it as "excellent" and a "best seller." I trust him. The plate comes out, a reasonable amount of time later, and I see some nice pasta, veggies, a lake of mushrooms in a brown sauce (looks yummy) and 2 tiny veal balls. Except they weren't balls. They were folded veal. I tried to cut through, and found a ton of space inside. My knife couldn't pierce the tough meat. Inside was only cheese... just gooey cheese - and not the yummy goo kind.I ate what I could, but it was too tough.. I called the server over to explain. He asked if they could serve something else, and I politely declined for lack of appetite. At this point, I'm thinking 2 stars, generously. A few minutes later, a manager-type came by and asked if there was something he could do. I thanked him for his attention, declined, and left further action to his best judgement. He returned a few minutes later with an envelope saying "for your next visit." Huh? He leaves, and I open the envelope. A $25 gift certificate. I look around at my friends, and we all agree - absolute genius on their part. Charge us for the meal and give us a gift certificate for the next time, forcing us to come back and give them a second chance where, likely, we'll spend more than $25 anyway. A nice gesture that really benefits them. I was impressed with the strategy..............except then the bill came, and they didn't charge me for my meal. The manager's move just went from genius on their part to genius AND classy.You can draw your own conclusion, but the manager's actions and decisions definitely earned them another chance from me. And I told him as much. Food quality: 2 stars. Ambience and atmosphere: 2 stars.Wait staff general service: 2 stars.Management response to an unfortunate situation: 5 shining, classy stars. Days later, I'm still impressed with how he handled the situation. Above and beyond. Despite the crappy food experience I had, I'll give them another shot to win me over.
2	Updated:I hadn't been to Scarolie's for quite some time but stopped in this past weekend for dinner. I ordered the grilled shrimp with rice and roasted vegetables. The dish was underwhelming and a major fail for me. It was obvious just by looking at the roasted vegetables that these had been re-warmed or re-grilled; they were certainly not cooked recently because they were very dry and they just looked OLD. They also lacked in flavor so I didn't even eat them. The wild rice was very good but then, it's not that hard to make rice. I'm not sure about the shrimp - I got the feeling that they weren't grilled right before serving the dish because they were a little tough. Taste-wise, they were OK, but I've had better tasting, and more succulent shrimp at Scarolie's in the past. Definitely not impressed with this meal.
4	I love their bread and the little thing they do with the basalmic and olive oil for dipping the bread.  Seriously, I'm pretty sure I stuff myself with the bread everytime.  It's so good.It does get crowded especially for dinner.  Overall the italian food is pretty good.  I like their gnocchi.  I haven't really had any bad food here and it's one of those places we like to go when we are in town because of the atmosphere.  And yes, the bread lol.It's not like the bread is like super duper amazing, but fresh bread is just delicious.  Plus they take it out of the sleeve in front of you which makes for nice fresh presentation.
1	What a dump!I ordered the chicken marsala pasta and what arrived at my table was completely unedable, it at the same texture and taste as gravy on dehydrated pasta noodles, the chicken was processed and completely gross. So nasty, my wife left her supper half eaten as well, lemon chicken piccata, again, processed chicken coved in nasty dehydrated sauce. When the bill arrived and it was over $50 for 2 people I wanted to sue someone. what a complete rip off! their strategy seems to be, fill these idiots up on low grade cheap white bread and pray to god they are full and don't notice how terrible our low grade main courses are. Please avoid, unless of course there is something wrong with your mouth or you have too much money in your wallet that you need to get rid of.
5	Love this place! Have been there for three times. The portions are too huge! I share one pasta with my mom and we cannot even finish it. Be aware.
