1	I'm giving this place 1 star because I went to get my hair colored for the first time and the girl messed up on it so I had to go back the next day and get it bleached and colored again. The color didn't exactly come out the way I wanted it too but it will do. I'm just upset because after all that now I'll have to keep up with it so it don't turn orange and most likely I'll just have to cut my hair short to get the color out since it won't go back to my natural color after bleaching. I'm so upset that my husband paid 150 for this.
1	The only haircuts they are willing to give are "geometric." I should have been warned because both the manager and the hairdresser had weird chopped-off blunt haircuts. My hair is wavy and could not be forced into that kind of cut even if I wanted one. I asked that it be layered and wound up with short hair in back and cocker spaniel ears hanging drooply beside my narrow face. I went back to try to get it corrected and wound up with attempts at the salon specialty of geometrics. It is the worst haircut I have ever had, but I was forced to sign a statement that I was satisfied. I am not, but sort of got the impression I would be tangling with mall security if I refused
5	Fast service. great experience, the girl; that cute my hair was so friendly.and patient while I decided what hair cut I wanted. I absolutely loved my hair!! I will defiantly return and recommend to all my friends!! :-)
5	I honestly couldn't tell you how long I've been coming here, but I love it! Fast service & everyone is so nice. I go there for 1 person and 1 person only but there is never a dull moment when I go in to get my hair cut
1	This place cuts by the book not by the person. They fail to ask their clients what they really want and fail to see their mess ups. I am highly unpleased with this salon as they cut off about 2 inches of my hair when I only went in for a trim. Their customer service was way off. I would never suggest this salon to anyone.
1	I came here just wanting a few inches off my hair and that was it nothing drastic just to show off my neck but maybe because my stylist was new (or I hope he's new) he cut it shorter than he should have and uneven. I should of known when he barely talked and didn't care to get to know me as a client that it was going to be a fuck up..which is important because than you understand my personality. I asked for some shorter pieces in the front to frame my face it didn't happen and by the time I saw my hair I was 30 dollars short and didn't even have the heart to say anything, I just knew I was going to another hair salon. (Which I did)They do follow by the book (if that) and don't add their own creativity nor get to know the client on what would suit the client best given their personality and face shape which is a hair stylists job. Disappointing because it was a Regis hair salon and had higher expectations.
