5	Great selection of wine (bottles and by the glass), perfect atmosphere for relaxing and meeting new people, and the owner, Jason, is very knowledgeable without being pretentious.
5	All I can say is WOW! WOW! WOW!....I have been looking for a unique wine bar/store in ALL of Charlotte and neighboring cities. I finally have found the coziest spot around! The Black Chicken is what a wine shop should be. The owner Jason is EXTREMELY knowledgeable and very friendly. This place has it all! Great place for a date or a small group to relax and unwind. Kudos Black Chicken! Will see you next week!
5	Although small in size, this spot is a must for pre-dinner mingling or after dinner conversation.  Jason knows his "stuff" and available to you without hovering over you.  Check out the blackboard for the pourings and you can not got wrong.  This is such a great addition to the area and location is everything.  The clientele varied from local business employees stopping by for a quick glass of wine before going home to small groups either coming from dining in the area or were headed there.  The outdoor seating will be a must when the weather allows.  The small town feel surrounding this wine bar will certainly draw people for return visits.  A must in my book to try!
5	Black Chicken is a really neat little spot in downtown Matthews.  I must admit that when I first went last year, I was worried that Matthews couldn't support something like this, but fortunately the place seems to be doing good business.The owner is very knowledgeable, and the selection, while not large, is interesting and varied.  The real charm of this place, however, is not in buying bottles to take home, but in hanging out while watching people go by.  It's quite the pleasant way to spend a Saturday afternoon, especially when the weather is pretty enough to sit outside.
5	Black Chicken is so fab!  I stumbled across it right after they opened last year and have spent many, many, many days and nights chillin' at the Chicken.  It is a great spot to meet for an afternoon social, before dinner, after dinner or any time during the day/night!  Jason has such an impressive amount of knowledge of wine and always picks the perfect glass, bottle or many bottles... If you can't commit to a bottle they have a great selection of wines by the glass or a unique craft beer selection that is yummy too!  We are so happy they are coming up on their one year anniversary and will always be loyal followers to BC.  See you soon!!
5	Love this little Wine Cellar.  Located in the Heart of Historic Matthews if you are looking for a wine bar to check out with friends or a romantic date  check this place out first.  The owners are friendly and knowledgeable! Great place to stock up for your own little Cellar.  Lots of good restaurants in the area to visit as well.  Love the outdoor bistro feel and people watching in front of town hall.
5	Our southerly friends introduced us to Black Chicken recently and, well, "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" Terrific wine selection with a very knowledgeable barkeep who seems to be cultivating a neighborly community vibe.Went to a tasting there of Willamette Pinots, learned how to pronounce the wine valley properly and bought a couple bottles of seriously delicious Pinot Noir. Also picked up a four-pack of extremely hard to find Flemish Sour Red Ale. All in all, a tremendous night. If B.C. was right down the street from me in Huntersville, I'm pretty sure I'd be there weekly, too... not to say our friends go there every week... or twice a week...  heh...
5	No one believes me when I tell them one of the best wine bars in Charlotte is in downtown Matthews, just a few yards from the library and town hall. On this very unsuspecting avenue of whitewashed clapboard is the Black Chicken, one of my favorite spots to unwind.Owner Jason has outdone himself fashioning together this comfortable, warm wine room that features unstained wood shelves, a natural wood community table with stools that let you get to know your neighbor, a small bar and a few tables outside. He features a large by-the-glass menu of at least a dozen bottles that rotate each week, filled with names you've seen before and a few new finds that are sure to impress. You can also buy a bottle from the stacks, which contain a treasure-trove of some of the best wines from around the world. For the beer drinker, there is a small assortment of fine craft and imports, too. To top it all off, nothing is astronomically priced like many wine bars can be. If you can't decide what to pick, just ask Jason's opinion; he is incredibly knowledgeable and can help you find just the right bottle.Black Chicken is what Matthews has been missing for quite a while. Stop in and have a glass, meet some of his many regulars, and be prepared to become one yourself.
4	When visiting this venue I like to sing Black Chicken instead of Black Betty because it's fun, and what a coincidence this little place is fun too! Super friendly service, wall-to-wall appropriately priced wine, and if you like a little cheese on the side that's for purchase too! We sat outside as it was a lovely day, and my one tiny complaint is that it's a rather small patio area (3 tables)...and both tables on either side of us were puffing away at their little smokies which really ruined the experience of sipping on a nice Malbec and fresh air simultaneously.Next time I am in the Matthews area I will definitely pop back into the Black Chicken for a glass of wine ...though I may choose to sit inside : )
5	This is a wonderful place that exemplifies what a small town community wine bar should be. Clean, classy, fun, and welcoming. I highly recommend stopping by and sampling the wines that Jason introduces. You will experience wines from around the world without having to leave the quaint downtown Matthews area. Don't be afraid that you don't know about wine, Jason will be happy to teach you without making you feel dumb.Stop by and have a drink, just be careful... you may just become a regular before you know it!
5	Love this place!  It's like walking in to Cheers where everybody knows your name.  Jason is super - knows his wine and beer and remembers his customers!  Great place to have a great place of wine
5	the Cheers of wine bars!
5	My wife and I love this place!!!  It is very difficult to find a wine shop where the person selling the wine is familiar with every bottle in the shop, but this is definitely one of those places.  Jason, the owner, has impressed us with some of the best bottles we've had.We recommend you go in, tell Jason what you like, and he will pick a bottle that will blow you away!  This place is an absolute gem in the heart of Matthews!!  With Jason's knowledge of wine he can assist the newbie wine drinker to the seasoned veteran of the grape.  This is the best wine bar in Charlotte, hands down - thanks Jason!!
4	The friendliest, least snobby place in NC.  Gotta drop by, a must!!!  USA vs Germany today. Wine, lunch,  limited rowdiness!!
5	Best Wine Cellar in Charlotte and surrounding areas hands down. Jason is so knowledgeable and will recommend only the best that fits your budget and tastes. Import beers available for those who prefer them! The Black Chicken is quite an amazing diamond in the rough for sure.
3	This is for the WAXHAW LOCATION. Great food and a beautiful atmosphere. Dining room is well laid out and even the high top chairs are comfortable. A friendly community table is open and quaint 2-3 tops are nice. Location is really good - ample parking and on the right side of town or the tracks or wherever Waxhaw. Lots of very good wine and beer selections. Draft crafts and by-the-glass wines typical pricing. Wines are retail prices though, an excellent surprise. Service is ok and that's my problem. I can smell a rat a mile away. They don't have any real ones that I know, especially with the 98.0 rating, but I mean the partiality by the servers. They spend their time and focus on certain customer, and shun others. If you're ok with just going and enjoying a tapas style every quarter or longer, you won't even notice. If you're a local, as in 28173, and looking for relationship, pass. Maxwell's is better, just over the cool wooden bridge and the traffic flags to cross on 75. Maxwells just doesn't have the hoity you may relish here. Unhoity is my preference.
