5	Was sitting at Starbucks drinking coffee, when I saw this place. My iPhone 5 had a broken screen for about 3 month now. When I saw this place next to Starbucks I decided to finally repair the iPhone. By the time it took me to order my coffee and come back they already fixed my iPhone. That was super fast!! David was very cool and easy to deal with. Also picked up a case for a great price! Highly recommend.
5	Unfortunately my toddler decided to throw my iPhone 5S into a sink full of water. It was completely submerged for at least 5-10 minutes. I truly thought it was probably done for good, but I decided to give this place a shot since it recently opened down the street from my house. The guy who helped me was friendly, knowledgable, & kept me updated each step of the way. He was really upfront about the costs which were reasonable in my opinion. He was able to run it through a special machine that they have that gets the phone really dry which seemed to solve the issue. Apparently they specialize in water damage. So I am a happy customer with an iPhone 5S that works just fine again & it didn't make too bad of a dent in my wallet either! ;-) I highly recommend you bring your iPad, iPhone, etc. here for repairs.
5	A perfect service experience! Super-fast turn around, clear communication (expectations), flawless repair, and very good pricing.  Phoenix iPhone Repairs took my shattered iPad and actually turned it into a pleasant experience.  Thank you.
5	This place is awesome!!!  I brought in my IPhone 5 without an appointment and they replaced the screen in about 30 mins.  It looks better than ever and it was $90, where the Apple store charges $150.  I would recommend them to anyone with a broken screen!
5	My daughter got debris in the iPhone which prevented it from charging. The guys at fixed it - good as new - in less than five minutes. Very knowledgeable and friendly. Excellent service.
5	Was skyping and suddenly my iPhone 4s screen started doing the blue / black stripes of death.After 3 years, the screen (lcd display / digitizer) died.Sixty minutes and $70 later -- my display has been replaced and everything is working again.Much cheaper than the iStore ... and I didn't have to deal with waiting at the Genius Bar.
5	This place was great, my phone looked like it was dropped from a plane, and the screen sensor was broken, which prevented me from using the touch screen on my phone. Went 12 miles out of the way to go to this place and it was well worth it. They gave me good directions of how to get there via bus. They did a free diagnoses and had great customer service. They were able to fix my phone within a good time range and it works better than ever.
5	The service was incredibly fast. I walked in with a shattered iphone screen, and was walking out 15 minutes later with a completely repaired phone. The guy working the desk was incredibly helpful and professional. The price was great, cheaper than other places I have used in the past. My phone looks like new.The last time I dropped my phone, I was out much more money and had to go without my phone for an entire day. Hopefully I won't need their services again, but if I do, I would definitely go back.
5	The guys were very helpful and affordable. Highly recommend them with any of my I phone or I pad needs!
5	Saw their ad in New Times, was putting off repairing my cracked screen knowing it would be expensive at apple store.  Price & service great!  & discounts for referrals. Was fixed in 40 min! Very happy & definitely recommend!
5	I was having issues with my iPhone battery and the service was amazing.  David spent a couple of hours assisting me and was willing to go the extra mile for me. I most definitely recommend this place for iPhone and iPad repairs. Thanks David!!
5	I saw this place once when I was at Starbucks. At the time, I didn't think too much about having my battery replaced. Once it got to the point where my battery was dropping 30% battery just like that, I decided there wasn't a point to having an iPhone if it was always wired to a charger just to use. I saw the amazing reviews on Yelp for this place and knew that I would take my phone here if I ever needed to. I walked in and was immediately greeted. They asked me what was wrong with my phone and I explained the issue with the battery. They quoted me a price for the battery which was much less than what I expected. So I handed it over and they went to work right away at replacing the battery. I didn't even have time to go to Starbucks because they were done in less than 10 minutes. He was so courteous and explained to me what I could do to preserve battery life. I was so impressed with this place and I look forward to not having to carry around my charger and having to look for outlets wherever I go.
5	Great place and great prices. Had my shattered screen and lock button fixed in 40 minutes and less money than I have paid to just get the screen replaced at other fix it places. Highly recommend this place!!
5	Both my daughter and I have had our iPhones repaired here! Great, fast affordable and friendly service! Hopefully I won't need to go back but if I do I know it will be fast and friendly service! Thank you!!!!
5	I'm very happy with the ongoing support of David and his crew. Jermaine was able to fix the issue I had with the screen that they replaced a few months back- it was such a relief to know I had the help I needed!!Repairs were efficient and they went above and beyond!Definitely recommend Phx iPhone repair!!Thank you!!
5	GREAT SERVICE! Quick, honest, easy. Went in for a iPad Mini screen replacement and had no issues! Thank you for the service!
5	AmazingIn-n-out in less than 1/2 and didn't spend a fortune for a broken iPhone switch
