4	well, the place looks legit from the outside......
5	GREAT PROVIDER OF COMMUNICATIONS! :)  And they accept credit cards, yelp asks that and they deliver!
1	Unreliable service. Every month our internet would go out and not come back on without them having to reset the connection.  Also, our bill was always wrong - we had to call to have it fixed at least once every couple months.  And at the end of our contract, they tried to charge us for all sorts of things.  A huge headache all around.  Would never recommend.
1	Set up what was advertised as $19.99/month internet + phone service, made sure with sales rep that it was indeed that exact deal, then set it up, last November. I have had nothing but headaches, hassles, overcharges, long waits on hold talking to people (now 8 months on a total of about 15 different reps) about fixing my inaccurate bills pricing me way over the coupon rate I initially got. Finally, in like March I got a sympathetic character in the phone (most reps have horrible customer service skills) - Maria is her name, bless her - and she finally did me a solid and got the bill to successively reflect what I originally set up the account as. Perhaps I should give an extra star for that, but the 4 straight months of calling and hassles (averaging about 1-2 long calls/wk.) is time i can't get back in my life. Also, like other reviewers have cited, even though I have a premium package (13 mbps download speed), it loads like dial up much of the time, with lots of page time outs and times where I'm thinking "Hello? I have Internet service, right? What am I paying for?"Cox, you need to figure it out and do your customers right and quit acting like the communications tyrant that you currently do...Also, your right hand (customer service) needs to know what the left hand (sales) is doing, so you don't waste valued customers' time and money. Thanks!
4	So far I have had an excellent experience with this company, I am not used to paying for the modem coming from Time Warner in Los Angeles, but I got over it. I went to pick up my purchased modem and the service package at their store, everyone seemed very friendly and nice. There were some cranky children waiting with parents and the sales man instinctively through on some child friendly cartoons which was a win/win situation for everyone.Then later in the evening when I tried to set up the internet I was having trouble and called their technical service line. The woman on the phone was very friendly and very helpful.I'm online now and speedier than Time Warner yaaay!
4	cox is faster than qwest. i don't recommend their cable service. go for direct tv instead. if you forgo a land line, i think you can get cox dsl for $30 plus tax per month. similar service would be $25 per month with cox.
1	If I could give Internet service 0 stars, I would. I have zero complaints about the customer reps attitudes, but it seems like nobody there knows a damn thing. It's just one big guessing game. My Internet, which is "the highest tier", is so inconsistent. It goes in and out of service at least 3 times a week. I am the last person in the world to complain about anything, but for the love of god, i pay 70 dollars a month and get about 8 dollars worth. Anyway, I am gonna look for a new Internet provider. Cox, sorry to say this, but you guys are an"epic fail" when it comes to providing services that work.
1	very disappointed in their customer service.  i've used them for my internet for over 2 years now, and never had ANY serious issues,... until i moved.  apparently, they cannot handle people who move to a different apartment within the same apartment complex.  first, i tried to schedule the change of service online (which was a pain in the ass, given that their site isn't set up to handle these requests AT ALL), only to get a "cancellation" email the next day.  i called the customer service number listed in the email, only to find out that they needed to "research" my situation and would get back to me.  well, they did,... around 7 that night.  they told me everything was set up and i was good to go and that my service would be switched over when i moved in two weeks.  i kid you not, 20 minutes later, i lose my internet connection.so, AGAIN, i call their customer service line.  I finally get connected with someone in their tech support area who claims that there must have been some sort of "mix up" and explains that who ever had been helping me had shut off my service in my current apartment right then and there.  he fixes it.  he tells me that I, THE CUSTOMER, will have to call them the day that i move to "remind them" to change over the service.  2 weeks later, i'm all moved in and i give them a call... they have everything up and running immediately.  i find it funny that they charged me 20 bucks for this, btw.  everything is ok until about a week later, when i spontaneously lose service again.  so, i put in ANOTHER call.  THIS TIME, not only do i apparently have TWO accounts, but my modem wasn't registered in their system anymore.  why is transferring of service so difficult for them????  so again, mister tech-guy goes in and fixes it, after i read him a bunch of serial numbers, etc.  so i think, FINALLY, this is done,... right?  WRONG.  i get my bill.85 bucks.  49.99 for the service, 19.99 for a "self installation fee" (aka bullshit charge), and 15.00 bucks for a "partial month' of service (aka another bullshit charge).  there WAS NO PARTIAL MONTH.  so i end up having to call on this twice.  the first time, they swear to me that this charge was removed and that the paper bill that i was referencing was not current and that it wouldn't show on my online bill.  when i go to log in and the charge is still there online, i give them YET ANOTHER call to get YET ANOTHER answer.  apparently, even though i paid in full the month before and they're billing me for part of a cycle that hasn't even completed, AND there was no overlap in service between the two addresses, they still have to charge me the extra 15 bucks this month... only to give me a credit next month.  how about THIS, dip-shits... if i'm calling to complain about your stupid charges,... how about you just freaking REMOVE them?i think i've just about had it with this.  your website sucks, your customer service sucks, and your bullshit fees suck.  why the hell do you put your loyal customers through this crap?!?!?
1	Horrible service! To start off when they came to install my cable they dropped off the wrong box. It was supposed to be a dvr box but it was just a regular box. When I talked to customer service they told me I would have to take the box in to exchange it. It's pretty terrible that I have to take time out of my day to correct a companies mistake. How hard would it be to send an agent who is in the same neighborhood over with one. On top of the customer service being terrible the actual service is terrible too. My sound is awful on some channels. My picture is always freezing and being broken up like a scratched DVD. I can't wait until our contracts up!
2	I have had Cox high-speed Internet for more than 10 years. The service is reliable and the technical support, when I have needed it, is awesome, so this would be a 5-star review if it wasn't for problems with Cox's online customer service. Cox's website does not provide you with the ability to do basic account management tasks, like delete an expired credit card. Every other website I do business with allows you to view credit cards, and add and delete payment options. Because of this shortcoming, I had to call Cox's phone customer service (and you can only reach them during their business hours), step through the automated attendant, and ask a customer service rep to delete my expired credit card. I have had similar problems in the past that I should have been able to take care of online that I have had to call and ask a CSR to resolve. Frustrating for me, and expensive for Cox, so I would think they would address those kinds of issues.
1	We just made the mistake of signing up for the "Whole Home DVR" - at a cost of $79.99 for installation plus two hours of my time waiting while the tech completed the install.  Cox's TV commercial proudly touts "record up to 16 shows at once!" - what they don't tell you (except in very fine print on the cox website) is that each DVR can only record TWO shows at once, with a maximum of 8 DVR's available per household (hence the 16 shows recording at once).  However, just as with the previous DVR's we had, you can't watch anything on live TV if you're recording two shows - you either have to watch one of the shows you're recording or cancel a recording in order to watch live TV.   The only "new" feature of the Whole Home DVR is that you can watch a recorded program on any TV that features a DVR box.So, in essence, I just paid $80 to have "new" DVR boxes installed that do the absolute same thing that my previous DVR boxes did.  The only difference is that now my mother-in-law can watch the same soft core porn my husband and I record on Cinemax!! In other words, don't bother with Cox's Whole Home DVR - it's a ripoff!
1	I'm almost sad - almost, as 10 years ago when I first signed up for Cox, the service was great and the value more than reasonable... Fortunately, the steadily worsening value proposition and shocking nose-dive of customer service the last couple years has pretty much eliminated any type of sentimentality or good will I had for this company.Time to try the devil I don't know...  Faster, cheaper, and how much worse could the service be?After years of steady rate increases (usually followed with annoying telemarketing upsell calls (yeah - real smart - raise rates and then try to sell me more right away), it's finally time to say goodbye to Cox and see what the other devil (CenturyLink) has to offer...Between chronic reboots of DVR/receivers and cable modems and steadily deteriorating customer service, I got just the right motivation to get off my butt and make a change.  Lately, the TV has been pixelating and the phone suddenly stopped working altogether... Calling support is a total waste of time - getting through the layer of awful script-readers (insistently walking you through the reboot sequence for this box or that - right after you just told them that you did it already) to an actual tech is maddening.  E-mail support is even worse.  If it won't for the God-awful English in the  replies, I'd think a software agent was scanning for keywords and sending automated replies.  What a horrible joke.Then, the kicker - they won't come out to your house for a service call without you being home (2hr window isn't bad to be fair) - even if all the equipment is accessible in the front yard!  Yet, when they install, they don't give a damn if you're there or not... Funny how money motivates.Anyway, long story short, figured if I had to sit around and wait for the utility, why not try CenturyLink?  Turns out it was easier than that.  No presence required.  Local number port was easy-peasy.  Connected today and phone/DSL are up and good... and cost 30% less...Of course, maybe for 30% less, you're not getting as good of deal.  Nope.  Way better.  Ya see, Cox is still connected, so I've got the services side-by-side.  Turns out my Cox service is a rip-off... 5M down, 3.5 up for the mid-tier service.  CenturyLink?  19.6M down, 4.7M up.  The difference is definitely noticeable.Can't wait to make that cancellation phone call on the phone & internet service!I only hope DirecTV next week works out half as well.  Price-wise, it's a no-brainer.  Introductory pricing (12 months) is 50% cheaper for more services.  After that, the price is about the same as Cox - only I'm getting more channels!Now, I'm not foolish enough to think that any utility will be a great consumer experience, but I realize now that I'm part of the problem.  Competition is a great motivator in business.  If we want good service, we have to be willing to vote with our time and our wallets.  Sick of the devil you know?  Give the other devil a try!After 10+ years, it's time to say bu-bye :-)
2	Cable that goes out consistently (12-3 PM daily)...a technician who says the whole building needs new coax...a management company that requires the maintenance supervisor to approve direct drops...and a field tech with a 10 AM to 12 PM window who does not call until 12:06 PM...just not very good.Taking an opportunity to flex my work schedule a bit, I made an appointment for Cox to be out today.  Watching the clock and realizing that there will be no cable work done today astounds me.  12 PM arriving, I gather everything to head in to work.  As I am opening the car door, the technician calls...says he was just notified about the job.  I let him know reschedule is the only option...and called Cox.Clerk who answered tries to tell me no one needs to be available for the direct drop to be run.  Before I can explain that my apartment complex is not like most others in the valley, that I have to bring the tech to the office to have the maintenance supervisor notified to come meet him...hear what he is going to do and provide the authorization...she puts me on hold after saying she will verify I do not have to be home.3 minutes later, she returns to tell me that, indeed, I do not need to be home.  I explain why someone does have to be here...and she offers to reschedule me for tomorrow.  I am not going to do the 'adjust work' thing again, so I ask for Friday, between 10 AM and noon.At least she upheld the Cox credo...if the technician is late, $20 credit on the bill.Seems to me a smart ISP could make BANK in Phoenix...
1	Called technical support for problems, was given no resolution to my internet connectivity. When I asked to speak to the operator's supervisor, he hung up on me. I called back to find out his shift was over... over paying for shotty internet, constant disconnects and no technical support. Cox is terrible. Why are there no other options for isp's? Is this some kind of monopoly? How do they get away with this shit?
1	Cox is the worst company i have dealt with in many years.  They simply do everything wrong, always fail to keep their word, provide lousy service, fail to bill properly, etc., etc.  The list of complaints is simply too long to itemize.  If  I could give zero stars, that would be more appropriate.  Choose another provider, Cox is hopeless!
1	Know what's good about Cox Webmail??  While you wait for it to log in you can surf the net and do other things, then once you are logged in you can again surf while you wait for the email you would like to read comes up.  Then to return to your in box, again surf (why waist time watching the little circle go round and round) then come back and if you want to delete the email, again surf. Is it thoughtful of Cox to allow you to learn/do other things while you are waiting for your emails!!!!  And the best part is that it makes no difference what time of the day or nite you want to log on, you will be able to multi task.Oh now on occasion Cox does screw up and things appear quickly, ( like it should) but aren't we lucky that that is not often.  So much to learn while one waits...
1	Most expensive and getting more so; Extra fees; Average speed and up timeWent with Cox based on the JD Power scores.  They must be from an old survey.I did the installation myself and the connection still did not work.  Cox sent a technician out who found that the technician who disconnected the previous people in our house left something attached wrong.  Then I get a charge for his visit even though he marked it was their error.  Called their customer service and they marked me to have the charge reversed.  Never happened.  Tried again and still nothing.Speed is okay and up time is generally fine.  Nothing special.  This is HFC internet and they've been doing it for 15+ years.  It's average technology at best.More recently, they've gone from $50/month to $56/month.  As of November, it's $63/month.  So: More expensive and getting even pricier.  Using old technology.  And shady fee practices.  I can't believe I'm actually going to switch to CenturyLink!
1	When I signed up for my apartment, it included a $25 Cox credit for signing up. That credit never appeared. When I called, they told me to wait a couple months for it to be applied to my account. A couple months later, they claimed they "would never offer that promotion", despite me speaking to Cox about it several times. It ceased to be worth my effort to pursue, which was their plan all along.Recently, my Cox internet service started going out several times a day, so I called them, and they sent a tech out to investigate. I was informed there would be no charge for this service.They had to come twice, but my service stopped disconnecting, so I was happy. That is, until I received my bill.They tried to charge me $100 for fixing their internet service. When I called, they informed me that they had reviewed their records, and that the charge was "billable" and thus was "non-reversible". I informed them that I had reviewed my records, and unfortunately my bill was "non-payable" and had a note on it saying "good luck getting the money". They relented.I asked them what I had to do to make sure this didn't happen again, and how I would know I wasn't being lied to about a service call being free. They told me I'd have to ask the dispatcher to note in the service call that it was non-billable. I asked whether doing his job for him would make it so I didn't have to call them anymore. She seemed uncomfortable for some reason...In the last 2.5 years, the price has increased dramatically. It's gone from $25, to $30, to $50, to $54, to $56, now to $63. Too damn much for terrible service and incompetent support.P.S. If they're gouging you too, call and ask to speak to retentions. Tell them your friend Andy is paying $44/month for 6 months. If you get a difficult one, don't waste your breath - hang up and hope for someone cool.
1	The worst !! Simply no words to explain the 45 minute wait two days in a row trying to fix a problem. After two days trying and a total of more than 1hr 30 minutes we got a hold of a nice lady who said that she could not help repair email access. That they will charge $90 dollars to resolve the problem directly  The very nice and calm lady (gotta give her that) simply had no way of helping. She had no access to email, could not receive emails, could not join.me, could not share creen, couldn't practically do anything other than answer the call and charge $90 dollars extra for  the already overpriced cox service.
1	The On Demand service that Cox offers is really below par.  We get very few shows on demand.  The ones we do get are not available the next day and usually take up to 5-6 days to become available.  We have Comcast in another home.   Their on demand feature provides access to shows the morning after being broadcast.   This is what a reputable company does.
1	Half star if possible. After being a loyal Cox customer for 25 years, its goodbye! The rates just continue to go up and you get nothing more than the ability to watch commercials. Imagine paying to watch commercials! If you ask for the current new customer programs, nope it for the new customers not the loyal ones. Does it make sense to pay Cox more each month than the APS power bill?Goodbye Cox.
1	Negative stars.  I got the Cox Contour set up and it has been AWFUL.  I have to constantly reset the cable box even after I had a tech come out. You would think with all the bad reviews, that COX would have a representative reach out to people writing the reviews to see how they can improve their experience.  The worst customer service EVER, they need to talk with other companies who provide the best customer service such as: Zappos, Amazon, etc. Those are huge companies and they figure out how to do it the right way. If I could switch to Direct TV, I would, but my complex doesn't allow satellite dishes on our balcony.
3	I had a internet problem  guy came out was really nice  was a bit late but he called then his sup called and advised of that so that was nice.    had a internet proble where the signal would go down.  He reworked my wiring and connections and works great now  so farrr.  But its the little things that drives me nuts.  Got an email saying sign up for paperless billing get a movie on us, a free  pay per view movie.    Well, u see the fine print, its for a 4.99 movie.  I check out the pay per  view movies.  There were  30 movies,  all of them were 5.99 or above except one movie,  a Disney one.  It was   very old  for 4.99 lol.
1	I sent in a question to Cox.com asking if they had white page directory service since I was looking for the telephone # of an old friend. The answer from the customer service was, "unfortunately we cannot answer that question over the internet"......WTF? I guess they have idiots in the customer service center who either cannot read or comprehend my question!
