3	The pizza was mediocre as was the cheesecake. The chicken tenders were good too. The delivery took a little while. Eh.
5	Very solid pizza every time.
1	Please save your money and time and DON'T order from this place!! I ordered almost $70 worth of food and it took them 2 hours to deliver it. After the first hour, i called and was told that my food was on the way and had just left. An hour later there was still no food. I called again and the employee who answered the phone was extremely rude. He said "Well its Saturday and we are busy". I understand that weekends are busy but then they shouldnt have said my food would only be 40 minutes. When the food finally came it was cold and TERRIBLE. I called to speak with a manager and for 2 days in a row they told me he wasnt there. Finally i got in touch with someone and they were just as rude. He said "The best i can do for you is give yiu $10 off of your next order." I explained to him that i would NEVER be ordering from them again. So his response was "Well then i dont need to do anything for yo." And hung up. Never had such bad food or service in my life.
4	Gino's has great pizza at an affordable price  Their staff is quality and they keep the rif raf from the night clubs moving.  Definitely a stop for after the bars!
3	Affordable pizza, quality slices, and pretty damn good strombolis. The guys that work the counter are friendly and make this place a viable option when it comes to craving pizza.Unfortunately, though, I'd have to agree with Darren--it's time for new pizza recipes. We already have a huge pizza presence in South Side, and everyone makes pretty much the same pizza. After a night out on East Carson, however, it doesn't really matter how many of the same pizza joints are around, because they're all full, and all of them provide you with the same wonderful, hazy memory the next morning.I'll miss Blue Grotto, but I also won't complain, because this place still satisfies.
4	We have been trying new pizza places recently and decided to give Gino's a go since we somehow received a flyer from them with some pretty good coupons. Everything is great! We ordered wings, pizza and a hoagie and everything was definitely above average. I'm over the commercialized pizza that places like Pizza Hut and Dominos offer and this was nothing like that. Another positive was the fact that when the food was delivered it was still hot (and even steaming)! They have a great menu selection as well. We will definitely be ordering again.
1	Not really that great. Sub par pizza. The people are nice but the place is dirty and not worth the money.
1	I made the mistake of ordering one of Gino's specials on Grubhub. They ran out of the pizza I ordered and substituted a significantly cheaper option instead. The delivery driver got lost and, when the food finally arrived, the side included with the special was nowhere to be found.I called the store to see if they could finish the order or refund the price difference, but manager argued with me on the phone for several minutes about this and flat out refused to do so. Thankfully, Grubhub was a joy to speak to. +1 for Grubhub, -1 for Gino's.Oh, the food? Decent, but nothing special. Order from somewhere else and save yourself the hassle.
1	I've never experienced such poor customer service. A grown man (who I assume owns the place but may just work there) actually yelled profanities (ie. f bomb) in my face. This man could have been my father so I was extremely offended by not only his choice of words but his tone of voice.  I will never return to this establishment ever again.
