3	When we first walked in and the entire bar turned around to look because we were the only white kids in there, I was a little alarmed. But everyone was friendly and we didn't get picked on. The place wasn't too crowded, found a table easily and got my beer on. Yuengeling is $2/pint on tap. Otherwise, it's pretty run-down and smelly - ripped bench cushions, wobbly tables, dirty bathroom.
3	Dive-bar, oh yes.Dirty bathrooms, DO NOT GO IN THERE!!!Good drinks, yes.Good prices, yes.Seedy crowd, but everyone is extremely friendly. You cannot go in here for more than 10 minutes and not have a conversation with someone. The bartenders are nice. Just your local "Cheers" bar. Cheap drinks. Dive atmosphere. What you see is what you get.
3	Mitchell's is my default bar. It's only a few blocks from my place, and it's got a great vibe. There's usually good music on the internet jukebox. The people are friendly, both customers and bartenders alike. The bathrooms here are atrocious (think jail toilets.. i've never been, but it's what I would liken them to). The drinks are cheap. Overall, it's a great little neighborhood bar.A few notes : -They do allow smoking. This seems odd to me.. spending the majority of my legal drinking years in Philadelphia bars, I'm not accustomed to being allowed to enjoy a cigarette inside. But bars in Pittsburgh seem more lax with this rule.. I dig.-They don't take credit cards - this bar is cash only. There is an ATM directly across the street (PNC, I believe). It charges $2.I saw something about being stared at for being the 'only white person' in the bar in a few reviews below.. I'm white, and I've never had so much as a sideways glance (because of my skin color, anyway). But if you're noticeably uncomfortable, I'd probably watch you too. Nothing like free entertainment.EDIT - The women's bathroom has been remodeled.
4	Great Dive Bar, interesting mix of people. Plenty of Beers on tap to choose from, bartenders were really nice, and the smoking in the bar makes me miss the old days of coming home smelling like smoke. We walked here from our Hotel so we didn't have many options, after an hour it could get boring though...
4	Holy crap do I love places like this! When the bartender is not sure how many beers you drank and says, lets just call it 10, I am in love. It is smoky and the crowd is mostly professional drinkers. I did not use the ladies room, have to admit, was a bit scared. But other than that anyplace that has catfish balls on the menu is a ok with me!
1	What a hole in wall !!! .....Allegheny Health Dept should close them just for the reason of their bathrooms.........OMG.....f@#k'n NASTY!!!!
2	Be prepared for really bad bathrooms. But their DJ is fun and the drinks are cheap. Be prepared the unexpected.
