5	The best service money can get.
5	Phil is the best! I spent the day investigating tire prices and Discount beat them all! Made an appointment and was in and out of there quickly with a great set of new tires!  The only problem I found was the store is so new, I had a tough time finding a phone number! 480-308-0888 for anyone interested!  Ask for Phil and tell him Samantha sent you!
5	What a great place to do business!  Not as busy as the Pima store and the guys behind the counter are comedians!
5	Great service, tire selection and prices.  Additionally, they will fix flat tires for free even if you haven't purchased your tires from them.  They are fantastic.
5	This is a great spot. Daniel went above and beyond to make my experience really smooth. I highly recommend this Discount Tire for friendly & hassle free service. This is now my go-to shop!
5	I love discount tire and have for over 10 years! This was my first time at this location for an easy (and free) tire rotation. I was in and out in like 15 minutes! Extremely impressive!Thanks!
5	So impressed by the service from the moment a rep answered the phone for me to make an appointment. You're greeted as soon as you walk in the door. They handle everything beautifully! Bill was my go-to guy and Jerry delivered my car to me. NO charge for a tire patch (slow leaking tire) and rotation!!! Guess where I'm going to go when I need new tires? Unbelievable place.
5	What a great example of superior customer service, courtesy, and a can do attitude.  Always nice to do business with a hometown company :-)
1	The store AZP-51 has been noting but Horrible to myself and my family since they opened. We previously contacted the store stating that after the work they did on our Escalade the lug nut cover was broken after never having any issues prior to their work. The store manager had called us and said he was apologetic and that he would replace the cover since we had been customers with all of our vehicles for many many years. Well he never did. Yesterday I took my Vw beetle in because we had  a screw in the tire. After they removed the tire they had told me that the tires were at 5 and 6 and at a 4 they would need to be replaced. They then discussed the specials they had on tires ect. I said no I just wanted to fix the screw. Well it was too late the man had taken a flat head screw driver SHOVED it into the tread and removed the rubber to show me the wires underneath. He walked out with the screw driver STILL SHOVED INTO MY TIRE! I was livid and told them I would not be buying a new tire or the one they offered to me that was used. They assumed if they destroyed my tire I would purchase. He then told me he couldn't for safety reasons they would not put that tire back on my car so he would give me the used one for free. I told them my daughter worked for a dealership and I could get new ones cheaper from her. He then slammed her work and suggested they would only be giving me a deal because they would be giving me bad tires and I should consider that. After returning home I realized that the tire they had given me was a michelin filled with air, my tires are pirellis filled with nitrogen and I would need the tire they ruined back. When I went back to the store (20 min later) they couldn't find my tire. While I waited for them to find it I heard one man on the phone with another discount store bragging about how they "had sold more tires and made more profit." No surprise there with their shady antics. Finally they found my tire and then told me that since I wanted it back they would need theirs back calling it now a loaner tire. What happened to it being free? I did not even want their tire. All I wanted was for them to patch mine and not destroy it so they could try to force me to buy something from them. This was apparently too much to ask for. How is a store like this still in business? I am distraught and angry, where do we go from here?
5	Service here left me very impressed!While replacing all tires to my SUV is not one of my favorite things to do...ever...Discount Tire took the madness out of the experience. Not only a great price but quick & clean service. They matched the lowest pricing and then the service tech even looked for a rebate for me!!The showroom area was new and spotless - what a great experience!
5	I had one hell of a flat tire at the gym on a Sunday and was able to get my car to this location with a donut. I left it there overnight and came in first thing Monday morning where Jordan assisted me with my tire replacement. The warranty covered the full price of a brand new tire and my only expense was paying $16 for insurance/warranty on that! I am not usually a warranty person but Discount Tire has one of the BEST warranty programs out there in my opinion. I highly recommend taking them up on this when purchasing new tires.This location has a big open waiting area and is very clean. Jordan made the experience very pain free and easy. He was upbeat with a positive personality and he exemplified superior customer service with not only myself but the other customers I saw him assist. It's always a little nerve wracking for me dealing with anything car-related, but he definitely made the experience seamless and positive. I would definitely recommend this Discount Tire location.
5	The customer service at this discount tire is the gold standard. They don't try to over sell you, aren't pushy, are extremely knowledgeable. I just can't say enough about their service. I bought new tires for my fiances car and after talking to them on our needs, they ended up selling me the least expensive tire. That's rare but they definitely look out for the customers best interest.
5	RECOMMENDED: I'm super impressed by Discount Tire!  This is my 3rd time buying tires from Discount Tire in each time is easy. I don't feel like you're trying to rip me off or take advantage of me. Every single employee has been courteous. The stores are super clean and not like your typical tire store covered in filth. I greatly appreciate the bottle of water I'm offered at every visit. This particular location is directly next door to their international corporate headquarters. It's easy to get to, as is located in the Greyhawk shopping center at the corner of Grayhawk Drive and Scottsdale Drive. I will happily recommend family and friends to purchase their new set of tires from Discount Tire!
