5	Thank you Bonnie for this great find!  I've spent the last two days there. They have a different brew available everyday.  Yesterday had a Brazilian one and today a Peruvian one. They were both delicious, but, the Peruvian one was a bit strong. They do a little blurb on where it comes from located on the dispenser. Very cute touch!   The wifi is great and a pretty fast connection.    However, on busy days its kind of a fight for the plugs as there is only 2 on each wall.  I even thought of bringing a multi-plug wall adapter to share with everyone. next time gadget next time!  Staff is young and delightful.  oh and a clean bathroom is a plus. :)Definitely going to BE my new favorite cafe!
5	I'll be honest: I've only been here twice. But both times, the baristas have been friendly and intelligent...and they properly pull an espresso shot and make a mean iced toddy (sometimes, the temperatures are too high here for a hot americano...). Most important for me, they have awesome beans to take home and feed to my grinder and french press - try the Brazilian Blue and the Mexican Chiapas.
3	So, my mom was in town and I needed a place with coffee, a conscience, and wireless.  Bunna, basedon on Bonnie's review, seemed to be a good match.  It also isn't far from Wildflower (a mom-fav).  So we marched on down there with laptops, I made her proofread my personal essay for a felloweship application, and we munched on scones and drank our drinks.  The coffee surpassed my test:  it did not suck and it did not upset by digestive system (as Starbucks is wont to do).  The place was chill, the barista (who I think is also the owner) pretty much knew everyone there (except us first timers).  It was cheery and not so hipster-y as to scare away my mom. and they weren't irritated that we sat there for sooo sooooooooo long.  I might make this one of my Saturday spots when I have to do work but  don't really want to but really need to.  Why three stars?  I kind of wished they had a lunch menu.
5	When you've had enough of Starbucks support your local Free Trade Coffee shop.  It's the only mom and pop coffee nook I've ever been to that has strong delicious fresh coffee every day.  The owners did plenty of research to get it that way and the taste proves it was worth the effort!!
4	This is a great little place to get some coffee and a snack, and to hang out.  The employees make the place nice - they're friendly and prompt.  They have good coffee, but lately I get herbal teas for personal reasons.  I've been gluten-free since September 2007, and they don't offer a ton of options for that, but what coffee house does?  They have a GF granola and snack bar (at least, it didn't set me off; they can't guarantee it's gluten-free).  Wheaty options include sandwiches and pastries; other foods include yogurt, Naked juices, bananas, and apples.  They have organic products when possible.The temperature inside is fine.  Not too many comfy chairs and such, but there are chairs and tables for hanging out, working, reading, etc.  They mitigate those office-like fluorescent lights with cute covers.  There's art for sale on the walls, like other independent coffee houses.Why 4 stars, not 5?  It's just not that awesome an experience to come here, but I don't know what I'm looking for in a coffee house for 5 stars.  Nothing personal for Bunna.  I'm glad they're here.Hours vary according to the ASU student population.  Expect early closings in the summer.
5	I love this place and I love the owners. They are great people and good friends. Thanks for opening the place. JR
5	This is the perfect independent coffee house.   The people are great; the coffee is fantastic - not to mention they focus on fair trade.  I also love their unofficial motto - "Be the change you wish to see in the world" - Ghandi
5	bonnie told me about this place....oh, about a year and a half ago. i had always meant to try it, but just never got around to it and forgot about it entirely. then, i finally try it and it takes me another three months to right a review. this place has great tasting, coffee, isn't starbucks, is independently owned and has the most delicious egg, turkey bacon, cheese and avocado breakfast sandwich i've ever tasted (about $5) that came with a nice little side of red grapes. add to that a killer cup of organic, free trade coffee and that's all you really need to say about it.ok, one more thing: the fact that it's survived right next door to a much larger, much more exposed to the main road bakery should be pretty telling.
5	Bunna coffee is my local coffee house.  The owners are lovely, the coffee is tasty and served beautifully in wonderful big mugs, and the food and service are always and dependably great too.  Despite it being housed in a strip mall (and what isn't in the valley, right?) the ambiance here is charming and I generally linger longer than necessary due to the relaxed feeling I get while sipping my yummy espresso drinks.  Also, the coffee is fair trade, which makes it worth 5 stars.
4	For the sake of my budget it's a good thing that I don't live in walking distance to Bunna. From the first step into Bunna I can always count on being welcomed by the warm nutty aromas of their organic coffee. Their customer service may even be better than the intoxicating aromas. I can always count on a caffeinated barista's, "hello, you take two shots, right?" to snap me out of an aroma coma. I've only recently discovered Bunna and they already know that I like two shots of espresso in an extra dry cappuccino.  You can tell that their baristas enjoy what they do and like being there. They are well trained, friendly, and can consistently make a good extra dry cappuccino. I can taste the slightly sweet and feel the velvety texture of the foam that floats on top a very clean tasting espresso as I type.Why then the 4 stars? They do a great job supporting local businesses and the organic lifestyle but their menu lacks in creativity using seasonal produce. But mostly, and if they did I don't know what would happen to my budget, I wish they sold fresh baked goods. That would be heavenly for me and 5 stars for them if they sold perfectly flaky and warm buttery croissants to go along with their perfectly prepared cappuccinos.Ps. I know that there is a croissant bakery next door but that's another review that I will not be writing anytime soon, or ever.
5	they are now a drop-off point for Chef-to-Chef bags. (one of those organizations that you pre-order bags of local farm produce from).
4	In the interest of brevity (it being the soul of wit, although possibly not witticisms:), I will keep my review of Bunna brief.I only had one cup of coffee...the Guatemalan Dark Roast, but WOW...good coffee!Good enough for Bunna to inspire another haiku - a cup of dark roastmakes my heart beat much fasterwith love, not caffeineGood Coffee!
4	I spent the morning at Bunna Coffee and stayed through today's Yelp Office Hours.  I was super impressed with the number of 'regulars' in the place and how most of them were known by name.The atmosphere is welcoming, the coffee is fabulous, and the food is fresh!  I had a big bowl of fresh berries (blueberries, blackberries, and strawberries), granola (some of the best I've had ever), and organic yogurt along with a cup of sumatra (medium roast) coffee with some steamed almond milk on the side.That was the fuel that got me through my morning.  I am happy to see a local business thriving (or at least it appears that way).  I wish Bunna was a tad bit closer to where I live because I'd like to be a regular there too!
4	Stopped in on the Yelp Office hours because it's fairly close to where i work. nice little coffee shop. i ordered an iced americano and the espresso didn't taste burnt or bitter. also in attendance this day was blue belle ice cream. delish new flavor.if your in the area, check it out.
4	Why am I cursing Italy this week? I've made it through stints as a journalist, a political wonk, a gen x-er, and a northwest grunge girl and I've never succumb to the temptations of coffee. But this last vacation has me hooked on macchiattos - that tiny little cross breed of a cappuccino and an espresso. And while I'm at it I should also curse the Yelp Office Hours because that's how I heard about Bunna Coffee. I never would have seen this friendly space tucked behind the DQ on Rural and Elliott otherwise. And I never would have been tempted back by Bunna's exchange rate affordable macchiato ($1.35 is about the same as 1 euro these days.) The free wifi ensures I will come back to Bunna for some work away from work time, just like that spot of milk and foam turned a random "act like the locals" experiment into my latest craving.
4	Great atmosphere on the inside with green coffee bean bags on display, and a nice assortment of beans as well as tea for sale.  Three choices for drip coffee, and espresso was fairly good as well.  Prices weren't too bad, and parking wasn't a problem.  Only negative is that it isn't a very nice strip mall.
5	If you're gunna grab a coffee grab a Bunna.  Here's why you're gunna grab a Bunna:-You're gunna wanna chat with the nice folks at Bunna.-Their coffee is very good and shade grown but you can drink it in the sunna.-Here at Bunna they really know their stuff and you can get toddy at Bunna.-It takes real coffee expertise at a coffee house to even know what toddy is - go to Bunna and try it.-Gabi's office hours at Bunna brought me here in a roundabout way.-Meet with a friend is what I was gunna, he said hey let's meet over at this place I tried with Gabi, do you know it, it's called Bunna.*Toddy - coffee brewed by soaking the grounds in cold water for 12 hours or so, then draining off the liquid.  The result is highly caffeinated, very smooth, concentrated coffee which can then be used in drinks in place of espresso or consumed on it's own.  It is very smooth because no hot water or steam is used as in regular brewing methods and the bitter acids that are released from the beans by heat are not present in the toddy.
4	After reading Jim's review of this place, I wanted to go check it out.  I cruised in there on Sunday, and was surprised to see that it was almost empty.  It was just me, one other girl and the guy behind the counter.I have to say, I really liked this place.  Clean, decorated, comfortable and easy to manuver.  2 tops and 4 tops, theres plenty of seating!  The guy behind the counter was super cool and friendly!  I liked him.  They seem to have a real nice menu here, quite a few options of food and drinks.  I went with a cup of coffee amd it was TASTY! (coffee at a coffee shop? *GASP* I KNOW SHAME!)  Anyways, they also seem to have decent hours.  No late nights like the other places, but I like it enough that I am willing to drive a few miles to get here.
4	Have only had a couple chances to visit Bunna Coffee even though it's ridiculously close to my house because I am usually in downtown Tempe for work. I have had the pleasure of visiting here twice, once for an interview and once to catch up on some work. Both times I just grabbed an ice coffee but was impressed on both occasions, although this place is no Lux Coffeebar or Cartel Coffee Lab, this hip little joint has a fine brew. Since then I have fallen in love with the cozy warmth of the cafe, with the IKEA furniture and bright and sunny colors. I will indeed make it a point to visit this place again as soon as I get another chance.EDIT: I would visit %100 more if they were open for more than an hour every day.
4	Found Bunna doing a fast search for coffee in Tempe and the reviews all seemed nice enough that it just made sense to give them a shot. Located in a non descript strip mall, like everything else in phoenix, Bunna is a super chill atmosphere with lots of tables and free Wifi for hanging out and getting stuff done.The Wifi speed is just over 1Mbps when i tested it, not awesome but not bad either.
5	Came here on the way out of Phoenix and had an amazing special iced coffee called a Toddy.  They cold brew it for 24 hours which retains all of the flavors and caffeine, but because there is no heat involved, you don't get any of the bitterness that you would find with an espresso.  It's super caffeinated though--I drove back to LA high and wired!  I got the spiced version, which has subtle flavors of clove, cinnamon, and cardammon(?)The owner was so nice and even explained to me how a Toddy is made.  They even have supplies in the store if you want to try and make your own at home.  Everything in the store is FAIR TRADE and ORGANIC.  You can also purchase loose leaf teas and coffee beans by the pound.  I got 2oz (about 10-12 servings) of Blueberry Rooibos tea for $5!  What a steal!Definitely check this place out--I read a sign on the door that said they are trying to change ownership, so hopefully this place will not go by the wayside.  There's yummy breakfast wraps for $4 and the bagel with homemade sundried tomato and basil cream cheese ($3) was also a great way to start my morning.  Support Bunna Coffee and organic/fair trade goods--'nuf said!
3	Bunna coffee has quite the following, but I thought it was only ok.  The barista was really nice and helpful.  I had a mocha and a banana nut muffin.  The muffin was a bit dry.  The environment was not so pleasureable and I think it was just for that day.  The AC was on so the establishment was freezing.  Then this girl set up her office in there.  People were dropping off papers and it was kind of loud.  She was not using her inside voice and her voice carried.  I'll try Bunna again for coffee, but that's about it.
4	I've been here a few times over the last week or so, and the daily choices for drip coffee have been fantastic. I love the variety, and each kind has been full of flavor. I've had a few of the pastries as well, which weren't really anything special, but that's okay; I personally come just to seek my morning coffee, and am more than pleased.
5	This is by far my favorite coffee shop in all the land!!! Great coffee, great philosophy and great barista's!!! We buy our beans exclusively from them. Locally owed with fair trade organic coffee...can't get any better.  Honey nut latte is a favorite. Great food as well!  I'm so happy Bunna is here to stay!!!
5	I'm always on the search for a good coffee shop to enjoy the atmosphere, coffee and some WiFi to get some work done.   Bunna meets them all!  Their delicious Fair Trade coffee and friendly baristas made it an enjoyable experience and I'll definitely be back now that they are open later, I'll have to try their Toddy that folks are talking about.  Now I'll have to make more excuses to visit my client in that area.
4	I wish this was closer to home! Small artistic coffee shop with an awesome Toddy.  I also ordered a breakfast wrap and was happy with the fresh ingredients. I plan to make the trip as often as I can.
3	I finally was able to get here to eat before 2pm. I saw all the raves and had been planning to give it a try. Right off it wasn't exactly what I expected. Less of a restaurant than I thought it'd be. You order at the counter, so if you come hungry, it's a bit of pressure to figure out what you want. A waitress and menus on the table would make a difference I think. The interior is nice, some photographs displayed that weren't total crap like I'm used to seeing at coffee shops. The girls at the counter were definately one of the highlights for me. Super nice without being annoying or fake. Had some really healthy menu choices. Definately be back to try the organic waffles. The coffee wasn't the best Ive had, but being a fair trade coffee house makes up for it. The tropical smoothie was f'n delicious. The breakfast wraps we had were tasty, but not quite hot enough. So, a little room for improvement, I'll give it another try in a while.
2	I came here a couple weeks ago to get some coffee after hearing good things about this place. The coffee was just not very good. It didn't have a lot of flavor and just was meh. I might have high expectations after living in Seattle, but this coffee wasn't even as good as dunkin donuts.... so.... I'd pass.
4	My husband and I went to Bunna for the first time this past Saturday night. I was excited to hear they were having a Poetry Slam and we were starving, having not had dinner. The spoken word was great, even for their first night and there not being too many in attendance.The owner was there that evening and you could see the pride he had for his small coffee house. The atmosphere is cozy and eclectic, with various tables and chairs. We didn't taste the coffee, so I'll update you about t when I go back. My husband asked for a recommendation and tried the Mediterranean Chicken Wrap and a cherry italian soda said it was good. I had the Turkey & Swiss Panini with pesto mayo and a strawberry lemonade. It was delicious. They both came with Veggie Chips, which we had tried for the first time and were pleased. I LOVE when your accompaniment is something different from the norm.or $5.00 each meal plus our drinks, their lunch menu offerings are fantastic. I will happily go back and try the coffee another time, despite the drive. In addition to all flavors of coffee, espresso, cappuccino and lattes, they also make shakes, smoothies, hummus, breakfast sandwiches and have bakery items. I see they also have a byob date night every Friday when they have a pasta dinner with acoustic music. I think we'll try this as well.  Impressed!
1	Keep on driving by.........I don't understand the high reviews.   I've been here twice just to check myself.Both coffee and espresso have no taste.To boot, wireless does not work well.  I had to use a neighboring business.Move on to the next place.......
5	Love Bunna Coffee!!  This little coffee shop is right by my parents' house and I totally enjoy making it a destination for a morning walk with Reggie.  The people working there are always so nice!  I recommend checking it out and supporting a cute local business!!!
4	I went to Bunna last week to hang out at their Tuesday open mic, do some comedy, and meet new people. The patrons were very cool. It is a BYOB coffee shop, and people were drinking beer and wine. If you are looking for a chill place to sip on something, this seems like a spot to hit. The owners and staff were extremely friendly.I had a spinach and berry smoothie...it was good and cost about the same as a smoothie anywhere else costs. They have a funky decor with work from local artists on the walls. I will definitely go back and try their coffee and food.
4	Great little shop - good drinks, nice people. Good place to get some work done in a small, usually very quiet, place.
2	I went here today for some coffee and maybe something to eat.  The door was opened for me upon approaching it, and I was warmly greeted by a man who I assumed to be the owner.  That was awesome.Getting inside, there are children crawling around on the ground and on furniture, literally screaming... and it smells.I walked up to the counter and a girl said "hi," I said, "hi," and I looked  up at the menu to see what I wanted... I kept looking and kept thinking and she remained silent and just stared at me.... this is not the kind of service I expect at a coffee shop... maybe some suggestions, or questions... "so is this your first time here?" would have been nice.  Just silence.I ended up just ordering a toddy, and it was okay.  I prefer the ones from Cartel most definitely though. I went to throw my straw wrapper away and the counter with forks and condiments and sugar and whatnot was visibly sticky and gross.  There was a bin with a sign over it reading "dirty dishes," that was indeed FILLED with dirty, smelly dishes.The owner thanked me and said goodbye on my way out.
4	I live in the neighborhood right across the street from this place and recently started going there. It seems like everytime I go in I see one of my neighbors. How is it I didn't realize it was there?  This is a cool coffee shop. It has an artsy feel to it that makes it fun and cozy. It's a warmer environment than Starbucks. I recommend this place. The coffee is very good, but it's the atmosphere that I love.
2	They gave me  a cup to pour my own coffee out of those decanters where you pump the coffee using a lever on the top, like a cheesy hotel cafeteria.  Not very fresh, and a coffee was $2.50. The "Bold Ethiopian Night" coffee was not bold at all.  Watery.  It's too bad, I really wanted to like this place.
4	Oh how I love discovering coffee places to go to besides Starbucks! And this place is GREAT. The atmosphere is relaxed and there are all sorts here, not just hipsters. Everyone that works here is so nice  and helpful. the owner has been there every time I've come in and he goes above and beyond, bringing your food/drinks to the table and even grabbing the silverware you forgot to get for you. We've only had the pancakes here and they were a mix from TJ's I'm pretty sure so not amazing... but they have veggie burgers here yay and I can't wait to try one. The coffee is really good. I'm an iced coffee or latte girl and they are accommodating about making mine with soy! The BF goes for the blended drinks and those have been scrumptiously dessert like. There iced teas are really good too and they always have a great suggestion for you to try. They will mix any of them to concoct your dream iced tea.I love this place bc it's yummy, fairly priced, and a LOCAL, small business!
5	Wow ...have been hesitant to come back since under new management. (I new old owner, Anthony,  from high school and live sooooo close) But stopped n real fast for my green T fix, since I didn't have time to drive to my fav..xtreme bean. New owner is so nice,he took time and told me all about new menu and different.L Evening events they have started like BYOB and open mic. also live music some weekends....I will b back with my Hubbie to check out new grub offerings soon
5	Wohooo I am happy to announce that Bunna Cafe has moved to Gilbert. Their relocation makes me feel like a child on Christmas morning. I am that excited. If you have been to Gilbert, you know that our options here are limited, to put it kindly. Bunna Cafe has a great selection of sandwiches, wraps, and drinks. I love that it is run locally and offers organic and fair trade coffee. We need to support our local Arizona families in their business. We can change the economy and stimulate community growth if we support our neighbors. Sorry for getting side tracked, but did I mention there is free wi-fi? There are also plenty of tables and chairs to sit back and enjoy. They offer student and senior discounts as well. This is a must try place. Yayyy for mom and pop shops, booo corporate coffee giants (aka Starbucks). PS. Their customer service is excellent!
5	first place in the whole town that did not burn my Cappuccino
