4	I stumbled upon this great Thai place while taking a friend to Firehouse subs next door. The interior is very welcoming. The soup is really good for starters. The staff is friendly and the service is great. I'm a vegetarian and they do have veggie spring rolls and tofu as an option for meat. I have been bringing one of my business partners here for lunch and it is quick convenient and tasty. The portions are generous, it is reasonably priced for lunch and the flavor is great. Honestly the only reason I didn't give them five stars is because they aren't near my house and the location is semi hidden near the closed down Arby's on Bruton Smith Blvd.
5	They are back after moving locations. Great food and great service. A must try if you like Thai food.
4	This was a very nice place to eat.  The food is great and the atmosphere is very charming and friendly.  The servers were amiable and helpful, and came back to check on us multiple times.  The curry dishes are delicious. Definitely a place to check out and to try something new.
5	Great service, fantastic food. Tonight having shrimp pad Tia shrimp were good size very flavorful. My favorite dish is would have to be spicy basil chicken. This is a must if you enjoy Thai food .
5	SO HAPPY to see Mai Thai open again! The food is amazing (yellow & green curry highly recommended). I've had nothing on the menu that wasn't stellar. Lots of options for the vegetarians and healthy eaters. One of my favorite places for dinner.
4	Service is great, and the restaurant is nice and clean! We felt like the food is a bit pricey, though, and the green curry was too runny. Overall very tasty.
5	Love it! Great food every time even if it's not close to the house. Great service and consistent.
5	No doubt the best Thai food I have had in Charlotte. The staff is super friendly and the service is great.
3	It's OK. We went at an off time of day so not the best point of view for a review. Pad Thai was OK,  could have been more flavorful. Thai tea was very sweet, but yummy.
5	The is the best Thai food in Charlotte. Or Concord. I went here this past Sunday and I can't wait to go again. There was only one great thai place that I've been to but it's in Baltimore (Stang of Siam) and I have been searching for a great Thai place ever since. All of them failed to excite my taste buds, but this place was the closest thing I could find. A little pricey but this is great Thai food.
5	Great place to have thai food when you're in the concord area. Choose your spice levels to heat things up, and grab an Iced Thai Tea to cool things down. A must try if you haven't yet.
5	The Mai Thai II House Salad and Duck Grapow were so delicious. One of the best Thai meals I've had in a long time. The servers were lovely and very helpful. Definitely recommend Mai Thai II.
1	Not authentic.  We ate there for lunch. They gave us the lunch menu.  We ordered #1 (pad Thai), #11 & 16.  Three diff types of foods and they were horrible. one taste fishy which we barely touched, pad Thai taste like ketchup but my kids ate it because it's sweet, and another we barely touched.  The waitress was very nice and for her to see 1253 Buck Jones Rd, Raleigh, NC 27606that the food was barely touched should have given us a discount at least. what a waste of food and money.  Clean restaurant but we just had a bad experience
3	Nice clean bright place compare to other Thai restaurants. The service was very good and attentive.  I also like their simple lunch menu. 16 items with the same prices for veggie or meat options. The price pretty much about $1 more that other Thai restaurants. Thai ice coffee is good here. The food is okay, that's why I only five 3 stars. Pad See Eew noodle a bit bland and missing the wok char flavor. Pineapple Chicken Curry is good, my complaint is they got too much big chuck of sour pineapples is the bowl compare to the chicken,  bell pepper and other stuff.
2	Service was slow but friendly. Atmosphere a little cold. But the food was terrible. We ordered beef fried rice and a curry beef dish. Both were almost too tough to eat. My fried rice was just plain gross. It took 20 minutes from when we were done eating to find someone to deliver the check. Won't be returning.
1	I don't care if it is good or it bites.  I've been waiting 45 min since ordering with no food served in a restaurant with only 4 of 25 tables occupied.  Never again
4	Great affordable and tasty lunch specials 7 days a week. I love the Tom yum soup-full of chunks! I get pad Thai with chicken spicy level 3. The emerald rolls are great. Service is great. The restaurant is clean and there's plenty of parking. I have never been here when it has been busy or full but I think that is because it is relatively new and off the main road sharing a building with a jiu jitsu and kickboxing place. I recommend it but not for very large groups since it is small.
5	This place is very close to Concord Mills mall, so you don't have to eat crappy food court food when you're out shopping. The place is new (they moved from a different location). All the people here are very warm and welcoming and they will remember your special requests if any. We were surprised when we went here a second time and the host brought me chopsticks and said "I remember you eat with chopsticks but your husband prefers a fork," haha... That really surprised us.As for food, they have amazing pad thai and pad kratium if you like spicy garlicy food. The service is quick and they will make sure your drinks are always full. Just love this place so much, can't say enough good things about them.
