2	My first visit to a Sonic, and it was ok.  Service was really, really slow - we noticed several cars that came in after us got served before us.  I had the kids meal with grilled cheese & tater tots.  The grilled cheese was with Texas Toast and pretty tasty.  The tots rocked. ;)  My friend's cheeseburger was fine, too.  The slow service is what's knocking down the stars - we didn't even get any ketchup for the tots, yet as I was finishing the last one, someone wheeled by and asked us if we needed any condiments.  Fooey.
4	Oh Sonic, how I love thee.  How sad I am that you haven't made it to NY yet.  But I get my fix of you whenever I am in Vegas.Seriously.  I usually stop here as soon as I get into town.  Like, I'm on my way from the airport.   C'mon  you would too if you only at it like once or twice a year.Sonic Burger + Onion Rings (or Tots, I mean, cmon ... TOTS!) + Cherry Limeade = Very Happy Dave.  I've never had a problem with service there, although I'm usually there mid-afternoon, or late night at the drive through.
4	Their onion rings are awesome!!! Chicken Fried Steak Sandwich .... Awesome!!Coming from norther CA after seeing the commercials a million times on TV but never actually seeing a Sonic it's nice to finally have one in the neighborhood ... Very good for a late stop after a night of drinking.
3	I LOVE THE TOTS and the CHERRY LIMEADE!!! But that's about it. If I want a hamburger, I'd go somewhere else. If I want a dessert, I'd still go somewhere else. However, if I want TOTS or CHERRY LIMEADE, Sonic's the spot and it's pretty cool that the drive-in is open 24 hours. Because of the commercials running nationwide, but locations are not, you got to try it for yourself. I like it enough not to scare people away.
2	Not so very good, and definitely not better than any big chain fast food. The fries had no flavor, O rings were strangely sweet (cornmealy?), burger was just "meh". Won't go back unless I need some frozen slushy high fructose.
4	Butterfinger Blast! MMMMMM!!!
4	I LOVEEEEEEEEEEEEE their chili cheese tater tots. I'm a huge sucker for anything potatoes in case you haven't noticed. It is now tradition to stop by Sonic's to get my chili cheese tater tots on the way to a friend's house to watch the UFC fight. The tater tots are still so cripsy even with the chili and fake cheese sauce. It's a heart attack waiting to happen, but till then I will continue to order these on the way to watch the fight. I'm sure I burn calories watching the fighters fight.
4	Yea, yea so what, yes I gave it a 4 star. It's the only fast food place open thats serves breakfast and lunch in any hours. This is where I love to stop by after working out 3am. Man i love their breakfast burrito (#12 combo) and their chicken club sandwich. They serve good deserts as well and unlike Jack in the Box or Mcdees, they actually seem happy to serve, or at least they do a good job acting like they do. And oh, their tater tots are very good too. I believe they're drinks are half off, including shakes and other special blends during 5-7. Sonics happy hrs.
5	Sometimes i come here in the odd hours of the night to get some disgusting greasy but totally worth it tots and burgers. Usually i grab a number 2 no onion, no mayo, tots and sprite.Something about the super sonic is just hits the spot for the moment but leaves me in a deep deep sense of regret when i think about the gym...Sometimes when i stray from my routine and order random items i pretend it's for my pregnant wife...secretly it's for me...DAMN YOU SONICS!!!
4	Dear Sonic Drive-In, I appreciate:1. You're open 24/72. You provide an All-Day menu3. You taking my ordering from a menu board speaker without rushing me4. Your staff delivering my food on rollerskatesHubby had the NY and Chicago dog and liked it. I had the Super Sonic Cheeseburger. It was huge and hard to eat without getting messy. I also had a hot fudge sundae. Boy was it a big fudgey treat! Sonic, you got my vote for a tasty burger and yummy desserts!
4	I thoroughly enjoy the Sonic franchise. Their mozz sticks might be the best on the planet, always seem to be absolutely perfect. My normal order usually consists of the mozz sticks and some sort of burger, usually the cheeseburger toaster minus lettuce and tomato and pickles.I always get some cherry and/or vanilla flavor added to my drink, which is really cheap at 20 cents for 2 or 3 squirts for a large.  The value meal is always a steal too, a vanilla cone for a buck? Can't beat it for the size and amount of ice cream. Total for the sandwich, cheese sticks, large drink, and a vanilla cone for my lady was $10 and some change. Service was fast and friendly, the girl on the skates was easy on the eyes and could move on those skates. I asked for ranch for the sticks and she brought it out immediately. thanks again sonic!4 solid stars
2	Love the food but the service the past 4 times has been not pleasant. There is a worker who isn't professional and sometimes his comments can be rude. I just want to eat in peace and not be bugged with nonsense like this kid skates around doing.
2	I don't typically eat here but my wife likes the slushies they offer.
1	The past few times that I've been here have just been bad. The first few times the kid with glasses on skates doesn't know how to be professional or at least customer service friendly. He talked ghetto on the speaker phone calling me a "G" and the next time we came the same guy called me fat! Joking or not, I don't appreciate it. Then last night, a different worker was leaving, he asked me and my friends if we had a stogie. This sonic is just not what I want to experience.
3	Twice in one week-I came here late at nightI'm a huge fan of the strawberry  slushie - it's my drink of choice and it gives me a great buzz (lol)Since I have been craving hot dogs- I ordered the all beef dogs( grilled-extra) with my usually, mustard, lite on the chili, and cole slaw- unfortunately they don't offer cole slaw on the west coast(yes cole slaw on hot-dogs are great). Sad part I was only able to get one bite because when I got home the hot dog fell on the ground. They need better packaging that actually close. I didn't feel like driving back because my order was special ordered. Yeah they gave me cold french fries- which I didn't eat either because I like my food HOT.
1	I have eaten here 5 times through various parts of the day throughout the past year and I have been unable to receive any sort of "cooked" food from this location. Whether it is cold, pre-cooked chicken strips or an uncooked, partly frozen, butter soaked "toaster," I have had nothing but gag inducing experiences at this location. I usually like Sonic and what their menu has to offer, but it sucks that this, horrible location is closest to my house. I wish there was a way to give negative stars, because this location deserves it, especially since I work graveyard and this is one of the few places open when I get off of work.
3	Good for a quick bite, kids love this place although they have done away with anything close to healthy on the meni so adults might want to visit Jersey Mikes next door.
2	I came here around 830pm on Halloween night . just to get a quick snack after trick or treating with the kids. We ordered a handle of items and when i got home i was shocked.  My order of Chili Cheese Fries was made with MUSTARD instead of Cheese.  Boy did we get "tricked" this evening.  When i returned the next day to get a refund, the manager ( JESSICA) was less than professional.  She stated there was no way i would have mustard instead of cheese on my fries. She couldnt believe that I had come in there complaining and assumed I did it to my own. I asked her to examine the item and taste/smell it and she refused to even open the bag.  I explained I didnt think this was an appropriate joke even on Halloween. What if my children had food allergies and how do i know the rest of my order was safe,. I was issued a refund and my money was brought out to me by another staff member. She couldnt even face me again. Needless to say i will never return here. I am one to drive a distance just to have great customer service. Do not go here unless u like to eat tampered food.
4	I frequented this particular location for a good stint of time (it was by a job of mine) and always had overall good service.  The drive-thru line was almost not worth its wait half the time - just pull up and relax in a carport.Servers are always friendly and food orders came out correct.  Promptness was really a wild card -- I also came here mostly for lunches, so I did expect it to be busier.  Sometimes it was quick service, sometimes I'd be on the edge of pushing that little red button when I saw someone skating out with my food.I will admit, though, the food always came out hot and always tasted delicious.  No bad experiences in that department.Route 44 Diet Ocean Water is seriously my lifeblood.  Just have to throw that in there.
3	I never really had Sonic til I moved to Vegas. I love the tater tots. Had the popcorn chicken, i had to douse it in ranch cause it's usually dry/bland. For some reason, I really hate their Chicago style dog, but i love the New York dog.
3	I remember all the hype in my hometown when Sonic opened.  I still don't understand what all the hype is about.  The food is decent but nothing is that outstanding besides maybe the tater tots.The shakes also just OK in my opinion, I normally only go here for happy hour or if I have a coupon.
2	What is it about Sonic that screams "our customer service sucks"? It doesn't matter which one we go to or what we order there is always some punk kid walking out giving us attitude because they got the order wrong or didn't hear us mention the coupon we have. Tonight was no different. We walked up to the menu board to order and the first thing my wife mentioned was that she had a coupon for $2 off her purchase. The guy talking the order said "ok" and asked what she wanted... easy enough right? Nope, not for Sonic as the guy came out with her shake and asked for payment... when he saw the coupon he stormed back in (With the shake) and when he came back his first words were, "Next time you need to tell us you have a coupon when you place the order". Hmmmm, I thought we did that... The place gets 2 stars because my wife loves their milk shakes.
4	It's sonic. The food is mediocre. I prefer to get my burgers elsewhere, but dang, am I addicted to their 1/2 off shakes after 8PM. They are a 2 minute drive out the gate of my community so you can guarantee to see me there once (if not twice) a week. My favorite is the peanut butter fudge. I have been obsessing over serendipity's peanut butter frozen hot chocolate, but that place is so far, and I can buy 6 of these for the price of one of those. Given, the frozen hot chocolate is different, and better quality, but we're talking every day fast food eats here. Once, I told my husband to "surprise me" with my shake flavor. That is a no go ladies. Don't do it. He promised me something chocolately and delicious, he ended buying me strawberry banana (thumbs down). The oreo cheesecake is decadent and delicious and we've also tried the banana cream pie. Seriously though, husbands, if your wife is going to splurge the calories of drinking a shake, the calories for a "fruity" flavor vs. a decadent one will be similar. Choose the decadent ones, it will make her happier. Therefore, I like sonic for making me fat & filling my dessert niche.
5	I love Sonic! It's very neat to pull up and order from your car! Very delicious food and friendly staff at this location. =D
5	Happy hour from 2-5pm for slushies and 8-midnight for shakes.
5	It's sonics Sundays!!Always cool to see servers with roller skates! And roller blades!!Felt so old!!
4	Love their slushies
2	I love Sonic, but this is my least favorite location in the valley. I don't know if they're always understaffed, but I always wait forever, no matter what time of day it is, and my order is messed up at least every other time. Super frustrating when you're pregnant and craving something specific & don't wanna wait for a long time AGAIN to get it fixed.
5	I have been coming to this sonic burger location for a few years now.  Being that im living in hawaii we dont have a sonic out here.  I always get a conney and a cherry lime aid .  Lately ive been getting the blueberry slush with nerds.  Awesome fast and accurate service.
4	I've been to this location a few times over the years dating back to high school. I used to come for the food (Texas toast sandwiches, tater tots, and breakfast burritos were most notable), but I only recently started re-visiting for their slushes. A friend of mine suggested coming here during one particularly hot day a couple summers ago. It was Happy Hour (2-5pm) and that meant drinks and slushes were 1/2 off. I followed his lead and ordered a medium Real Fruit Strawberry and Lime Slush - I was hooked! I believe the medium is 16 oz and it was only $1 and some change! The only variation I've gotten is Strawberry with Pineapple, but I'm stuck on the real fruit. It's really delicious (albeit sweet) and I highly recommend it! Also, the large size is HUGE and only 40 cents more - definitely something to share.Service has always been pleasant. I primarily utilize the drive-thru and have used the drive-up a couple times. Also, there's never a long wait.
5	I've been to this location a few times its just OK.. Two other favorite location are on Cheyenne and buffalo as well as the flamingo and Arville location! The half off shakes any time after 8pm is superb! Gotta love their banana ice cream shakes!
1	Terrible! These employees are useless, everytime there's something wrong with my order. Avoid this location at all cost.
1	Usually Sonic is an awesome spot to stop at, but this one must definitely be avoided!!! The drive-thru was an extremely long wait. When we finally got to the window, our order was messed up. I got a chocolate brownie shake and specifically asked for no caramel. He looked at it and went "oh, I thought you meant all caramel no brownie." Then our food came out and he said that all we had to wait for was my shake. After I received my shake, we went to park to eat at the tables. Once my boyfriend took our his bacon cheeseburger, they forgot to put in the BACON! Kind of ironic to order a bacon burger with no bacon, LOL! They also forgot to give me extra marinara sauce when I specifically asked for it for my mozzarella sticks. We had to push the button again and order them. A couple mistakes can go a loooong way, sonic.
3	Don't get me wrong. I love happy-hour and the half-priced drinks that come between those heavenly hours of 2-5pm.....the problem is, their service and quality of food has gone down over the last few months. Today, I spent almost 20 minutes in the drive-through, and there were only 3 cars ahead of me. At the ordering microphone (is that what it's called?) I had to repeat myself 3 times before they got my order correct. At the window, I had to wait quite a while (around 10 minutes). I'm pretty sure the guy behind me gave me the finger (sorry buddy! not my fault). Upon coming home, I found that the onion rings I received were soggy, and the cheeseburger I ordered lacked that ever-so-wonderful cheese. I had ordered several drinks (for me, the wife, and 2 of the kids), and they had to "remake" the drinks because the first set was leaking all over the drink carrier. Look. I am not a negative person, I even feel a little bad about the 3 star rating, but this experience was just one of several bad visits over the last few months. That being said, I know that I will be back, disappointment and all. That damn half-priced happy-hour is just too addicting.
2	The owner of this store needs to put in a new ice machine! Over the last year the machine has been out at least 4 timeS! Lost $$ on bags of ice and drinks! Drive through line needs improvement- wait times too long!
1	Very poor customer service! I went to the drive-thru and ordered two kids meal and tater tots thinking it will be fast. I paid for my order, got my change and drinks. They did not inform me that my order will take a while. I could've cancelled the order if I had known. I finally knocked on the drive-thru window when I heard employees talking and laughing amongst themselves. It took 12 minutes from the time I paid for someone to tell me that they're waiting for tater tots. Only because I tried to get their attention by knocked on the window. After my complaint, the order arrives in last than 1 minute. Will not come back at this loncation anymore!D
4	Service with a smile. That's what I've come to expect and receive from Sonic. I only end up here when it's between 2-5pm for their happy hour, but service is friendly and efficient and I can't ask for better than that.
4	Oh Sonic, you are oh-so-tasty! How is it that happy hour at Sonic is almost as appealing to me as happy hour at a bar? Cranberry limeades just totally rock my socks. And then there's slushies, shakes, flurries, oh my. And I kinda like their hot dogs, cheddar peppers, and popcorn chicken too. So yeah, Sonic is pretty darn great. Their happy hour is a great deal for those of us who like their drinks. Hint: Order it with "no ice" or "easy ice" to get more drink for your buck. This particular location is nice. Never too busy. Patient and detail-oriented staff. New-ish and clean.
5	One of my daughter's favorite places  Always great service always friendly people no matter what time of the day it is. ... we absolutely love this Sonic.
