5	Huge fan of Bikram yoga! It's a 90 minute, torturous-at-times, sweat-filled  workout but when you are done, you feel insanely amazing. The feeling continues throughout the day leaving you in complete zen....Road rage? Gone. Annoying food cravings? Zero. Jeans? Fitting awesome. You really must try it, it can completely change your body.There are a few places in the valley that offer Bikram, most of them exclusively rather than in combo with other methods of yoga. The Bikram Institute on Miller and Indian School is where I first tried it, and I like it the best so far. They offer classes throughout the day and later in the evening as well. Like other studios, this place offers first timers a week-long pass for around $20. What I really like about this studio is their instructors and the fact that they keep their room darkened throughout the entire practice. I've have been going to another studio lately (for their first-time student deals) and their instructors bark out instructions non-stop plus they keep the lights on the whole time. So when you're staring up lying in your relaxed state, your eyes meet the glare of the fluorescent. I'll very likely return here after I've exhausted the new student deals at the studios around the valley. Yoga can be expensive!
1	I have been doing Bikram for almost a year now and something you hear constantly about is the crucial role of savasana, a.k.a the relaxation period between each poses, and its importance in the regeneration process following each pose.Here, they use this moment, when you lying on your back for a few seconds, to sell you their latest packages and specials. One message like that could be acceptable, but last time I went, right before Jan. 1st, every savasana was used to sell the 30 days challenge, the importance to come to Bikram every day, the "Bring your friend package", etc. Went there twice, and won't go back. Phoenix has an impressive amount of studios, and the one on Camelback was way more welcoming and respectful of all the postures of my practice.
3	I went to this studio as a $24 dollar one time including mat and towel. It was a bit steep but I wanted to get the stretch in after running the half marathon that morning. The room was very crowded but I expected that when I decided to attend the last class on Sunday afternoon.  I could have done without all the people entering and leaving the room during class. Not alot of teaching from the instructor but she did a good job keeping everything on schedule.
5	I've been going to Bikram Yoga Institute for about three years and love it!  The location you can't beat and if you're looking to try it out they have some incredible deals for first times. I would high recommend this Bikram studio and the staff is phenomenal!
4	Bikram yoga is practiced in a 100+ degree room and the point is to sweat. Kudos to this studio for keeping the smell of a bunch of sweating people tolerable. I can't say all the studios I have practiced in have been as successful. I am also thrilled they have 4 early morning classes. I hope this schedule continues.
4	Love the instructors! Very clean and not at all pretentious like some yoga spots. Try the special, great place to try Bikram!
5	I've been going to the Bikram Yoga Institute on and off for a few years now.  I must say I love the place.  It has this very friendly and family like feel to the place.  Like Cheers but minus the beers.  The instructors are great, they are so nice, and helpful.I have few issues but then again not really issues in reality.  Issue one is the size of the bathrooms and waiting room, it's not that easy for everyone to fit while people are going in and out but the location is what it is.  They've been there forever, prime location, why would anyone being crazy enough to change it.  You can't build space out of thin air so given what they have it works well.  And what they make up for in space, they are kind enough to supply body wash and shampoo for showering afterwards.Issue two is I wish they gave better discounts for all college students instead of focusing on ASU.  College in general is expensive, I can testify to that because i don't have student loans and I'm paying in cash.  It's not cheap so I can only afford yoga two or three times a year.  And it's not just this studio, i wish all bikram studios did awesome discounts.  $75 a month for auto pay full time college students, bring something in every semester to prove it. And $100 a month for part time students, heck that would be AMAZING!!! But heat is expensive so I get it, but on the flip side if they were able to pack every class with people, even though their rates were cheaper it would mean more customers could afford it. And more bodies equals more natural heat and humidity in the room without needing to crank the system up.So other then the small issue with space which nothing can be done about, and my WISHFUL thinking on cost, this yoga studio rocks. They are amazing!!!
2	This is the second Bikram studio I have been to in the Phoenix area. The price of Bikram studios is ridiculous, so I was excited to see a $60 for 2 month special for people who are trying to lose 30 lbs or more. The website said the people who got this package would have a private 8pm class 4 nights per week...in fact, here is the quote from the website, "This is a 60 day program, tailored exclusively for individuals who are at least 30 lbs over weight. The classes are private; you will be practicing along side people with the same goals as you. You are also welcome to attend any of our regular classes on the schedule in addition to the 4 private group classes." This is definitely not true as the 8pm classes are filled with anyone, there is no "program", etc. But, the price was right, so oh well, not much I can do. Although I think the false advertising is crap. Bikram is supposed to be practiced at around 100-105 degrees with 40% humidity. It is hard for most studios to keep this perfect, so sometimes studios get a little warmer, the humidity is different a little bit, etc. Now, this place the humidity is only at 15%!!!!! Not 35%, not 45% but 15%!! I asked the instructor and she said it rarely changes from 15% and it never gets to 40%. Part of the Bikram is the humidity...I mean, I live in Phoenix, if I wanted to practice plain hot yoga with no humidity I can do that for free, outside in the summer! I'm not a Bikram fanatic, so am not sure how much of a difference this makes to the practice, but I can tell that I sweat a lot less and just feel different without the humidity. The studio itself is kind of small, but I haven't seen it fill up, so that is fine. I've noticed the floor does not seem to be clean enough; it's not filthy, but I'm constantly picking hair and lint of myself during class. The ladies restroom/changing room is painfully tiny, as is the waiting area. There is not place, besides outside, to go after class to air out your mat and just sit. A huge peeve of mine is they do not have a water fountain to refill water from. They sell water, but I don't want to buy their water! I want to refill  my bottle!  So, I have to do that from the bathroom sink if I am that desperate. I agree with a previous poster that they advertise other offerings during class, which gets on my nerves, especially when I hear it everyday I go. Bikram is not the time to be advertising detox sessions and I do not really appreciate it. So far the instructors have been pretty good. I've seen a few from where I've went before, which is cool. Some have helped adjust my postures and I can tell they really care about the students. That is a huge plus in my book. Overall, it is okay for the cheap price I got right now, but I will not be returning once my 2 months are over.
5	While I generally ignore reviews on sites that allow anyone to post biased and often grammatically incorrect opinions capable of damaging business, I felt after reading the post from BB, it's high time I capitalize on my posting capabilities.  It is important to note that my opinion is exceptionally biased in that I have been practicing at the Bikram Yoga Institute for 2 years, and not basing my review on one 5:30am class.  No promises, though, on the correct grammar.  Oddly enough, this particular class BB is referring to is taught by Mandy, one of the most passionate and dedicated Bikram instructors.  She is the first person to make sure every posture is performed safely and correctly to help the student get the most benefits for their current stage in the practice.  She is one of the most detail oriented instructors I have experienced, staying so true to the dialogue I find myself learning something new every class I take from her.  Sometimes, she'll make sure I learn something new, by calling me out in class if she knows I can go further in the pose.  I listen to her because I have complete trust in her abilities as an instructor...and also because has an awesome body and I'll do anything someone thin tells me to do.  Regardless, she teaches at other Bikram locations; coincidentally one of the locations, BB also reviewed with a stellar rating...weird.  Anyways, let me help out some readers here who may have been jaded reading some experiences from non regulars at this studio.  In addition to doing Bikram everyday (it's true, I'm awesome like that) I also run on a treadmill.  Sometimes I run for an hour and feel awesome, and sometimes I walk on the treadmill for an hour convincing myself my ass looks good without all this pointless running.  Though, the latter generally ends with a cookie binge and subsequent tearful phone calls to my mother about how I'm a quitter and no one likes me.  The point is that I don't write a bad Yelp review about the treadmill claiming that it wasn't motivating or exciting enough.  I don't blame my bad workout on the very tool I was using poorly.  I eat cookies, cry to my mother about being lazy and then workout harder the next day.  It's true...much to the chagrin of my mom.Now, everyone comes to this studio for a different reason: weight loss, weight gain (ridiculous), stress relief, meditation time, 90 minutes away from screaming bratty children, etc.  What you put into the class, is what you will get out of it.   That is the truth.  Every instructor does read from a "script" (that they spent a baffling 10k and 9 weeks to learn), so that every class is consistent. Meaning that the student get the same instruction at every class, in any studio, in any zip code and still have a great or crappy class depending on how his/her body was feeling that day.  Bikram instructors are there to guide you through YOUR practice. The Bikram Yoga Institute focuses wholeheartedly on this, which is what keeps its students returning.  Everyday, you will need something different out of your practice and this studio, its amazing instructors, selfless manager and unconditionally loving director will be there to help you find it.   They aren't there to berate you or beat you into submission if you aren't doing the poses correctly...unless you're not locking your knee, apparently that is beating-worthy.   They guide you through your practice.  If you really need someone else to keep you motivated through YOUR workout, go to a boot camp, get a trainer, or, I don't know, try that Zumba nonsense that's all the rage these days.   Leave the Bikram Yoga Institute to those of us who want to be there for ourselves...and to burn off the latest cookie binge.In the words of Bikram, "It's just you and nothing but you, standing in one spot frozen like a statue with no place to go for help or excuse or scapegoat except inward."In the words of me: Get bent.U.
2	I started doing Bikram yoga in 2004, but I have never been one of those fanatics who goes everyday, or even every other day.  I prefer once, maybe twice a week, & this is mainly due to the cost of classes & my very busy (often spontaneous) lifestyle.  I would also like to add that Bikram yoga is not my only form of exercise, however it is my favorite.  So with all of this being said, I am a firm believer that when someone buys a package, whether it be 5 classes, 10 classes, or 25 classes, the paying customer should be able to choose when they use their classes.  This studio places a 6 week expiration date on their 10 class package, which is ridiculous.  All it is is a way for the studio to make more money.  People should be able to practice yoga when they choose & on their own schedules.  Not everyone's lives revolve around going to yoga everyday.  If yours does, good for you; if yours doesn't, this probably isn't the studio for you.On another note, this studio is very nice & very clean, & most of the instructors are fabulous.
5	everyone has their own story of how/what leads them to bikram.  while i cannot make comparisons to other bikram studios my experience is worth reading/taking into consideration when/if choosing if byi is the place for you.  the answer:  try this place just once (it's affordable).  also, instructors are personable, nurturing and engaging.  Various classes throughout the day allow you to make the practice part of your life as often as you aim for.  indeed it is true what byi's instructors preach:  the hardest part of the class is showing up!  i appreciate this studio so much more than words convey.   even though bikram is done on a group level you internalize the ritual of getting ready for class, being present in class, even leaving class as personal.  i don't mind at all the notifications of other services and class times on holidays during savasana (byi offered classes on Easter Sunday - integral to bikramettes and their 30 day challenges) arriving to class with "spare" time to sit and lounge is not in the cards for me so it is during class time that i'm brought up to speed on what other programs or additional classes i may benefit from.  not once have i ever received the message as an infomercial as the message is short and brief between postures.   I appreciate the honor system when on occasion i've not prepared for class and ran low of hydration.  those few times i'm able to consume first pay later without feeling "marked" or hounded to bring in payment.  just hazarding a guess but IF byi had more room to develop the studio in terms of space then andrea probably would do so.  i'm ok with the quaintness of bathroom space.  if made too spacious a waiting area then it might take away from the focus which is to get in the classroom, set up bikram camp and to wait for it!  byi is functional/practical for the bikrami's wanting yoga.  i need space in the classroom, the diverse personalities of instruction (no microphone please) and consistency in operation. BYI is this place.   Namaste.
2	My 60 days here are done in a few days and I haven't changed my mind about this place. It is okay for the trial, but I will definitely not be renewing or getting a package. I don't enjoy the practice here as much as I do at the other place I went to. I find that I really miss the humidity of the other studio as well, since this place is only 15% and not the usual 40%. When I practice here I always want to just leave halfway through class because I don't feel the positive energy and i just do not really enjoy it. I can't quite put my finger on why I  dislike it so much aside from the previous comments.
2	Bikram Yoga Institute is located less than 1 mile from where I live, but I am not too impressed with the studio.  After visiting Bikram Yoga Tempe, this studio is not too great.  This studio is very small and it feel cramped when I walk inside the walkway, in the bathroom, and in the actual studio.  When you walk in, it smells like feet.  It makes me wonder how often the studio is cleaned down.  The room also feels much hotter than most studios.  The only positive I like is that the instructors push you to another level and demand more from the students.
5	I had never tried Bikram yoga before and I had heard about this place and for new students, they offer 30 days for $30 of unlimited classes.  I loved it.  My husband and I started going together and he is the opposite of what yoga is, so when I was able to get him to 5 classes, I was amazed.  I also told some friends and they jumped on the bandwagon too.  It is an awesome way to sweat and believe me, you have never sweat like this before.  All the instructors are awesome.  Andrea, the owner, is amazing.  If only I could have her body.  What was great, was when you are in a relaxed state (for about 20 seconds) lying on your stomach, she will come by and step on your feet.  It's like a little foot massage.  Make sure you get to class about 15 minutes early so you can grab a good spot, bring plenty of water and be ready to sweat.
4	I started Bikram in Colorado at a fabulous studio (Old Town Fort Collins), so I came to AZ skeptical that I could find a close match.  I started going to BYI because I live nearby.  It was an adjustment at first - very small and crowded bathroom/changing area.  Even the waiting area is "cozy".  It is in a strip-mall, so the ceiling is not much to look at while between postures.  I really like the instructors, especially Katherine.  I have tried a few other studios in the greater Phoenix area.  While others may be larger and a bit nicer, the atmosphere at BYI is not as clicky or plastic as what I have seen at other studios.  The instructors really care and work hard to keep everyone on the same page and practicing together.  It is not a 5 star rating only because of the small bathroom and the studio itself is not deep cleaned regularly enough for me (or it doesn't seem like it is).  At the end of the day, it is hot, stinky, yoga - but there are days where the odor of stinky feet is just overwhelming.  That small criticism aside, these are great folks doing great things to help people stay healthy.
4	I have only been to one other Bikram yoga studio, so I don't have too much to compare to. Some of the comments of the other reviewers are true in terms of the size. Yes, it's small. It's tucked in the corner of the Fry's parking lot on Indian School and Miller. It also has a tiny locker room. I never use it because of this, I always come dressed for class and always go right home after class to change. Yes, the carpet smells a little musty......Ok, that being said, it's the perfect location for me being super close to home. Also I've always found the instructors to be really good! Sure, there are always a few you like more than others, but for the most part I feel like they push you to do your best...no mater what that is for you. If you are having a "great" class they will point out ways to perfect your form and compliment a beautiful posture. If you are having a not-so-great class they will encourage you to stay in the room if you can and to try again if you fall out of a posture. Some instructors stick to the script while others will tell a few stories of their day or provide some meditative food for thought. And the director Andrea is always welcoming and supportive. Yes, it's nice to have a spacious locker room and extra amenities but if what you really want is a great Bikram yoga class, this studio delivers!
1	I would give this place a zero if I could but unfortunately, that is not an option.  I am not a person who enjoys confrontation but I found out that the owner and her "teachers" do.  I signed up for the 30 day challenge.  I have horrible back issues and was on the verge of going on disability.  For me, Bikram is the only thing that has helped with the pain.  I have a 9 year old daughter and i work as a nanny at 11:15-8 every day.  I was taking the 9:30 class and was told I was not "allowed" to leave the room or leave the class early, even if it was the last stretch. I don't have a choice.  Again, i am a single mother, and if I want to get my work out in, this is the only time that works for me.  Last class, I was cornered in the bathroom by a teacher and told to find another studio if I have to leave even 5 minutes early.  Today when Ieft 3 minutes early ( so I could get to the 1 shower first)  I was told I "need to get my priorities straight". So funny.  Last time I checked my priorities are paying my mortgage and feeding my child, not some yoga place where their teachers have nothing to do but gossip about students who have real lives and real friends.  I was also told if I go back I will not be allowed in to the studio.  I paid for a month and it has been two weeks.  What are they gonna do, call the cops on me?  This place is the worst, most unprofessional business I have EVER come across.  I would pay NOT to be around these bullies.  I would suggest ANY OTHER yoga studio but this one.  They stole my money and now say I am not welcome back because I have a job.  This studio is literally a joke. The teachers are awful also.
5	I really like this studio. I've practiced at this location for about 7 months and really enjoy all the teachers. There is a location closer to my home but practice here instead because I prefer the ambience and the instructors at this location.Most instructors have a really good sense of humor and make me laugh/smile during class. I personally have never ever expereinced any confrontation or even questioned about leaving the room early, instead they ask if I'm okay or need any water. I love practicing here and bring friends on fridays for free and they also always really enjoy the class, tough but worth the struggle.  :)
