4	Okay, so everyone knows subway makes decent sandwiches for a reasonable price.... But did you know they serve a pretty decent breakfast?  I was sitting in the O'so long drive-thru line for Starbucks and looked in the window for subway and there was no one there!  Since I was running late, I decided to give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised.  For $2.50 I got a coffee and breakfast sandwich with egg whites on a whole wheat English muffin. This same order at starbucks would have been about $8.   Starbucks still trumps with better coffee, but the breakfast sandwich at subway was better than the one I normally get at starbucks, made fresh, and about half the calories.  This was also one of the cleanest subway locations I have ever been to, and the service was great too.
4	Short and Sweet.  This subway is one of my fave's.  Its close to home, always super clean, the staff is always overly friendly, they make my sandwiches quickly and I'm always in and out in about 4 minutes.  Love it!
5	This Subway has to have the friendliest staff I have ever met.  They even compensate your sandwiches for little things.  For example, I may only ask for 2 cheese slices, and they will give a little extra meat to make up for it.  They always load it with ton of fresh veggies.  The establishment is well-kept and clean whenever I have gone.  The Subway night deal ended at the end of 2010, and it is now only limited to a few sandwiches.  I wasn't aware of this change, but I still the regular deal for my Veggie Patty sandwich.  Subway is a healthy choice, and I come here often.
4	The staff were very friendly and the place was clean and didn't smell funny like some other fast food joints.
4	Another solid Subway experience. This is a nice and clean Subway with a solid selection of options. It's your typical Subway, but the staff is friendly, they wear gloves and are clean...and they are friendly! I enjoy Subway on quick days where I need lunch for a economic price. I can't really beat $5 for a meal deal with a sandwich, chips and soda. Well done Subway! My waistline thanks you.
1	Please people, wise-up.  These Sandwiches are awful.  Cheap Italian cold cuts on a big hotdog roll do not make a Sub sandwich.  First, the meats are pre-sliced and of very poor quality. The vegatables have been in the bin too long with brown bits in the lettuce and tomatoes that were sliced while George W. was still prez.  And people, that is a hotdog roll, not a sub roll.  No structure, no body.  Look at the pretty signs over the counter, now look at the sandwich that you are about to eat.  Do they look the same?  Well, you got what you paid for, and you didn't pay much.  I swear, some people eat for the fuel, not for the taste or quality of what they shove down thier cakehole.
4	I guess it's time to finally write this review, even though it's "just another Subway". Well, actually, it's not your typical Subway. This location is clean, friendly, and they never mess up my order. Usually when I go in and visit a "sandwich artist", they assume I want everything on my sandwich...like lettuce. I've been to some locations where they automatically pile on the shredded icebergs without my request. These guys are obedient. I usually prefer spinach.I've also been so some Subways where the sandwiches are lifeless. These guys make a good one. Is Subway the best sandwich around? No, but it serves it's purpose and can be a convenient meal when I am on my way home from the gymEat fresh, bitches!
3	The food here is okay in comparison with another nearby sub place.  The meat is pre-sliced and comes from packages.  The bread is usually a bit on the stale side.
1	I had great costumer service with the girl behind the counter, however the manager was HORRIBLE! Maybe he was having a bad day but he didn't even look at my face when I asked to substitute an ingredient he just said: NO! I just wanted slices of avocado instead of cheese (I am allergic to dairy) - yeah, I wasn't asking for much here!!! The girl even thought he was talking to himself or something and she asked him again and he said another NO! He said I had to pay for it (which I gladly did cause I don't mind paying .50c) but he kept looking over the girl's shoulder to make sure she charged me. Then, asked her again: did you charge her for the avocado???OMG!!! I don't mind paying!!! He treated me as if I were stealing avocados and he treated the girl as if she was going to (God forbid) forget to charge me .50cHorrible for a chain to have a manager like that! I felt so bad that I decided to walk back to the hotel to eat there instead of eating in the restaurant.
4	Very busy place, fast friendly service, clean and roomy for a Subway.  I had the meatball foot long and it was great, especially for only $4 on special.
4	As an admitted Sandwich junkie, I visit Subway often.  They seem to have a location everywhere.  I visit this particular one quite often.  My standard order is a 12" BMT on Italian Herbs & Cheese Bread, toasted, w/Mustard, Mayo, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Green Peppers, Pepperoncinis, Salt, Pepper, Oregano, Oil, Vinegar.....got that?  Well, these Sandwich Artists do a good job every time I order it, as you can see for yourself.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-14?select=aEFSPkyfHftB16ESUS76nw#aEFSPkyfHftB16ESUS76nwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-14?select=70D3UjgOPAW1AtLmbym4rw#70D3UjgOPAW1AtLmbym4rwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-14?select=EWZM7xwzBejjWRvNLS8XXQ#EWZM7xwzBejjWRvNLS8XXQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-14?select=2-WpztOYeCkcB565agJFog#2-WpztOYeCkcB565agJFogThis place can get pretty busy at lunch time, so I'll sneak in around 11:30 to beat the rush.If you're in the area, I recommend dropping by this joint for a quick Sammy.Return Factor - 88%
1	This location needs to be educated in regards to gluten intolerant people. Like you need to change your gloves and wash your hands when someone says they are allergic to beard.Also the owner and his fiance need to communicate better. They are on different shifts. If I go in while he is there, he is great and has amazing understanding of my issues and what I am asking for is my sandwich (the same portions of a 6") to be placed in a bowl. He puts it in a salad bowl. Now granted, it's not filling up a salad bowl and that is fine. But when she is there, she denies that I have this arrangement with the owner and will put it in a soup bowl. Now you've got to know that the same equal portions of a 6" would not fit in a soup bowl. Especial my topping choices. Get on the same page and educate your staff.
4	Being I love siracha hot sauce, I definitely had to get the new siracha steak melt, and It did not disappoint me!! Love it! Good service from the employees as well. I will definitely be back soon!
