4	Needed some insurance for the purchase of a second home..  Anthony in this office did a great job getting me a quote and putting the package together when we closed.  Timely response and good service.  Only 4 stars because I don't want them to get too cocky. :)  Highly recommended!
5	First off, I've been with this agency for a few years and every time i've need help they have always done right by me. I'm currently looking to add an additional vehicle to my policy so I contacted the agency and was help out by Luz Tolentino. Every question i had for her she had a response almost instantly, her extensive knowledge and great personality will definitely have me referring people to her and keep me around for a while.
5	These guys are awesome! No pressure to buy anything, and they take their time explaining everything I had questions about. Got car and life insurance in the past here, now choosing them for my renters insurance! This branch is the best!!!
4	This was my first time getting my own car insurance, and they made it super easy. I did the quote online and they were able to pull it up in the office. Good prices and the staff were friendly and helpful.
5	Eric and his team rock! Eric carefully made sure I could get all the discounts possible for my home and car. I was never presented with an up-sell and everyone knew what they were doing. I was in and out in a single visit and left with everything I needed insured taken care of and at a lower rate than I was paying prior. Two thumbs way up for this business.
5	I have been with Eric James for many years.  The office personnel is the main reason why I have and will be loyal to him and State Farm Insurance Company.  They take care of all of my personal and business insurance needs with urgency, even when I make last minutes changes to policies.  Luz has been my go to person.  She is on top of it and I truly appreciate all the work she does for me.  You could not ask for a better group of people and company to work with.
5	Everyone in the office is awesome, I mostly talk to Anthony or Eric they always help me !! I'm glad I chose state farm for my car & home insurance !! Eric is awesome & I highly recommend everyone to have him as your agent !! Your definitely in good hands they all treat you like family !!
