5	Despite its affluent name and being a non-golfer the Camelback Golf Club (part of JW Marriott) has very affordable lunch choices with freshly prepared Salads (my favorite = Cobb) and Appetizers (my favorite = Chicken Quesadilla).  If you get a window view you will be humored by the golfers "fishing" for golf balls on either side of a small lake and waterfalls sandwiched between the greens. You will also find herons and egrets who are much better adapted at "fishing" than over compensating golfers plus the birds have a real purpose to be proficient.  There is also an outside patio in partial sun which helps when the weather warms. The service is always first class and very friendly.  In the winter season there is an excellent cold breakfast buffet during the week with breads, rolls, cereals and fresh fruit including my favorites = blueberries, raspberries and blackberries plus melons and pineapple.  I think the name or location rings a $$$ sign with people but that is not really the case and worth a try by yelpers.  Don't be discouraged if the parking lot is full with high end "vehicles" because most of the time the restaurant is empty and the "vehicles" are for the golfers who may or may not hit balls into the lake.
4	Still hidden from the general public, friendly service, great patio overlooking  a so, so golf course lake.  The waterfall was greenish but will hopefully clear in a few weeks.  Only one egret to look at this time but otherwise the same tasty cobb salad with a  glass of house merlot.
4	Pretty nice course and usually never exeptionally crowded. The staff is friendly good with small talk. If you schedule your tee time online, you can get half off the rates in the Summer. Oh...and there'a a lady that works the walk up concession near the stairs to pro shop. This woman makes the best damn Bloody Marys (outside of a bar)! Perfect to either loosen me up to play or use as an excuse for playing poorly! Hahaha!
3	I went to a wedding here. The grounds were very nice and the staff was attentive. Getting out was sort of a nightmare and I ended up on Scottsdale Road somehow. Not really a negative, though - I actually had fun looking at all the faux-Tuscan homes.Why only three stars? On the way in, some dude in a polo asked, "they didn't tell you it was a golf-themed wedding?" Yuk, yuk, yuk. I'm easily annoyed.I'm sure if I actually played golf, this place would get five stars.
3	The Camelback Golf Club is NOT located at the Camelback Inn. It's located about 4 miles away. There are two courses to chose from, The Padre and Indian Bend. Big Jim chose Indian Bend, a links golf course. While the staff was very attentive and range balls are included with the fee, the course itself is not very challenging and also not very scenic except for the views of the surrounding mountains. From tee to green, course conditions were satisfactory, however the rough and bunkers are somewhat poorly maintained. Priced a bit high, but average for the area in February. Overall my boyfriend had a great time and reported that is was sure better then knocking balls in a snow bank.
4	i'll be back for another round at Camelback for sure.  the Padre course is very relaxing, wide open, and the course is managed somewhat well.  we started at 2:39 and ended up finishing right around 7; however, myself and my buddy were paired with a group of women, so we had to use different tees.  we had no problem, but the jackasses behind us were rude as hell.  pissed me off enough for me to birdie 16 and 17 back to back.  the bag boys need to step it up for sure.  we arrived and the dude put the wrong bag on the cart.  pretty lame and it definitely reflected in his gratuity.  guess you can't find good help anywhere these days.i'm anxious to play the other course, as it is over-seeded right now, but it was definitely worth the $35 i payed to play.
3	I played Camelback - Indian Bend Course, today and had a very pleasant time.  It is a flat, easy course with very little elevation change.  A golfer need not be able to hit the ball long, as there are no  holes that require a carry.  They had over seeded the course several weeks before, so it would be hard to tell what condition the fairways would be when grown in.  However, the greens were perfect, although fairly hard.  It is a well maintained course, and the facilities are befitting a resort course.This was a practice round for me, as I just wanted to try the course during the low rate season.  I played two and sometimes three balls, as there was no one behind me, and a foursome in front.  So it was quite an enjoyable morning,  and I would recommend this course, especially in the summer season - since there are numerous trees to sit under, and it isn't very crowded.I wish I had the option to give it 3.5 stars - I liked it better than the Orange Tree Resort, as it was maintained better, and didn't seem as old.  More importantly, the greens were much better that Orange Tree's, and the facilities were much, much better.  But Orange Tree's course was a little more challenging, had more doglegs, and more water hazards that came into play.
4	Went here today for lunch at the clubhouse and had a fantastic meal with great service. It had been over five months since my mom had been there but the waiter recognized her from afar and asked how we had been and said he was glad to see us again. Very nice and genuine guy.I got the club sandwich which was very good (have had better but a very solid sandwich). It was really big and had enough leftover for a snack I will be looking forward to later today. Dad had tuna salad sandwich which was good and also big, mom had the sliders which are normally an appetizer but seemed to be perfect for someone who isn't really hungry but still is ready for lunch.Overall, service was great, very nice dining room, not very busy, great view, and good food. Will definitely come back.
3	I had a fun time playing the course. My son played with me and did relatively well considering the does not normally play golf.  The staff is very friendly.  We were the last group of the day and ended  taking with the guy who handled the cart returns about Giant's baseball.   Overall the course was in good condition.  The greens were in great condition, but the fairways were only ok.  Maybe it was too dry or the normal conditions due to the hot weatherThe best thing about the course was that the price was right.
1	The was the worst maintained course I've played on, maybe ever. I could see more brown dirt than green grass on much of the fairways and even the greens.I won't go back and I will tell people to avoid.
4	I played the Indian Bend course on 11-21-11.  This is a fine golf course.  I found it to be well maintained and in good condition.  It is not an extremely challenging course, but it is good.  There are a lot of trees on this course, which is rather unusual for a desert location.  The only bad thing is that the course does not seem to drain very well.  A rain shower had gone through early in the morning on the day I played and there were several areas of standing water on the course.  Ther ewas actually on spot on the cart path on the 18th hole where the water was about a foot deep!  I didn't think I was going to get the cart through it.There are higher quality courses in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area, but this one is better than a lot of courses in most communities.  I would play here again.The staff is friendly and you are treated well once you arrive at the course.  Someone is there to greet you when you drop off your bag, direct you to the pro shop and get you situated for the driving range and first tee.
4	The Camelback Golf Club has two 18 hole tracks - the Indian Bend which is a links style track and the Padre course. There was a mix up BC I booked the Indian Bend course and when I arrived they informed me this course was closed and we would play the Padre course which was cart path only!This was disappointing BC my partner had a foot injury and could only play 9 holes. She ended up going to the clubhouse after 9 holes and I golfed on by myself between and foursome and threesome. The manager behind the counter was a good sport and she gave a large discount on some apparel purchased. Since I booked this on line at a discount the manager advised us of what i needed to do to get a credit on one round which I did and was credited one green fee.The course here is older so it's not as challenging or as long as newer courses but is kept in good shape. The greens are flat and not as pristine as the higher end courses but then again the rates are much less! One pro here were the carts which are equipped with GPS. This really takes the guess work out of calculating your yardage to to pin.The end result was good and I was happy with Camelback management resolution to the mishap. I'll return some day to play the Indian bend links style course.
1	I'll try to be fair but I don't think I was treated fairly myself.  When I booked the tee time in Oct in Phoenix it is advisable to ask about over seeding on any cousre.  I was skeptical of work being so close so I asked in very specific language "Have you done ANY work to prepare for over seeding, growth retardant, mowed short?" also "Are you going to be doing any work while we are playing our round today?"  The answer was and I quote the lady working the pro shop register.  "No, we are going to have a tournament tomorrow.  After the tournament we'll close the course for the work then"We paid our money and went to carts.   the attendants informed us the driving area was closed due to mowing and it would be quite a while before it would open.  Ok, no problem, we chipped around and when our tee time was up we went to first tee.  I guess we should have actually looked at course before we paid.  Upon arriving at first tee box.  All the fairways were brown.  The attendant informed us that  growth retardant had been sprayed 2 days before and he was amazed it worked in such a short time.  He also went on to say he played a round the day before and it was playable but just brown.  I grumbled about the fact I had asked if any work was done and was lied to but we teed off and started our round.  Since it was a business outing we were kind of stuck.  On the fairway... not only was the growth retardant sprayed but all the grass was removed by mowing very short.  It was a goat patch.  Every shot in the fairway for the whole course was pretty much hitting off a little dead grass or dirt. Around the greens the second cut was done the same way.  A little further out there was some 2" Bermuda rough. So basically we paid to play either in Bermuda rough or off the dirt, tee to green.  Needless to say, I feel I was deceived into paying for a round on a course that was completely unplayable and worse our business outing was ruined.  Just on principal, I probably won't waste the time to go back and see if it is a good course with actual grass on the fairways and around greens.  Greens were good.  Fast and rolled great.  But that did not make up for dishonesty and deceit.
3	The best part of this golf course are the mature trees that line the course. It's obvious this course has been around for awhile and it has the charm that comes with one that isn't brand new. This course is less "deserty" than most and I liked that. One thing that surprised me was the amount of wildlife we saw! On one hole, two bobcats had decided to "peacefully" lounge under the trees in the shade, right by my tee box. The bobcats didn't seem aggravated but I decided not to take the chance and moved on down the course without teeing off that hole. The amenities are only ok and they didn't have much of a restaurant but the cart girls were on top of it and friendly!Overall I enjoyed my time here and would come back. It's not as nice as other courses but it's still enjoyable and the price is right! I also learned that they are about to open a new course which looks really nice so I can't wait to give it a try!
4	I keep hearing about Ambiente Golf Club, so I decided to book a tee time. They have 18 holes at Camelback Golf Club, and Ambiente is brand new and opened in November of 2013. The course has an incredible layout, and while hard, was a really good challenge. The bunkers are well placed, there is plenty of water, and once this course has time to mature, it will be one of the best in the Valley. The staff was really, great too. I got to meet with Filippa McDougall and we talked about her history with the golf course. From the time I pulled in until I finished 18 holes, it was a great experience all the way around. I can't wait to get back and play the other golf course.
4	I keep hearing about Ambiente Golf Club, so I decided to book a tee time. They have 18 holes at Camelback Golf Club, and Ambiente is brand new and opened in November of 2013. The course has an incredible layout, and while hard, was a really good challenge. The bunkers are well placed, there is plenty of water, and once this course has time to mature, it will be one of the best in the Valley. The staff was really, great too. I got to meet with Filippa McDougall and we talked about her history with the golf course. From the time I pulled in until I finished 18 holes, it was a great experience all the way around. I can't wait to get back and play the other golf course. UPDATE: I got the chance to play the Padre Course. Everyone that has played it said it was easy. It is NOT easy! The course makes you think about every golf shot, and you have to consider what to hit off every tee. It was fun, and I could see myself getting really good out there after playing the course 4 or 5 times. The greens are in great shape, too offering more break than you see. I also can't get enough of their practice facility. Both courses are good, and are both completely different. If you can, play 36 for 2 completely different golfing experiences. FORE!
5	Played Ambiente course today.  The course was great and the experience was awesome.  The best grass that I have ever played on.  The greens are very, very, very fast and it is almost impossible to hit a shot on the green and stick it.  The course needs 6 month to mature and it will be top notch.  The fairways are wide and offer fair play but if you go off the native grass eats your ball.  This course makes you think about your shots because of the bunker placement.  There are some par 4s that can be driven if you have a big shot and big balls.  At this point rely on your GPS and play the club that will hit the front of the green.  Do not go for the pin of your score will reflect it.  Would def play here again.
4	Great golf course.  The padre is a great 18. 4 tee boxes, range is always included. The carts are new and always clean and nice. full size GPS with ability to see others on the course is one of the things I love about Camelback.
