5	I have been going to this dry cleaner since I moved to the area 10 or so years ago and I like them.  They are not cheap, so if you want the lowest price, go elsewhere.  However, they are competent - they will do something twice if they think it will get out a stain.  They did that with a bedspread of mine recently and I didn't even realize it had a stain.
1	I will never return here! My mother has frequented this dry cleaners for over 10 years, and knowing that I decided to take a $350 dress to get dry cleaned because there was a small water-stain on the satin. I pointed the mark out to the woman who initially took the dress and she said it would be no problem to remove. I left my dress (along with a couple of other articles) and picked them up a few days later. I went to pick up my dresses and gave them my name. They came around on the conveyor and the same woman took them off and requested payment. Because the above mentioned dress had a small petticoat underneath, they charged me nearly $20 to clean it, which i thought was absolutely absurd. After I paid nearly $50 all together for the dress and the other articles of clothing, the woman takes the dress out of the plastic and points out to me that they got some of the stain out after one try, but it didn't remove it all. She showed me the area they cleaned and it literally looked like they made no attempt to clean it whatsoever. This was extremely frustrating to me considering I paid such a high dollar amount to get this dress cleaned. Not to mention, she knew that they did a terrible job cleaning it, which is why she charged me first and then proceeded to show me the lacking job they did. I took the dress elsewhere (where I was charged half the price) and they took it the stain out with only one try-- the dress looks as good as new. Not to mention, one of the other more simple dresses I took there came back to me with the most foul and chemical-y smell, and I took that dress to the same cleaner where I had to pay once again to get it dry cleaned. If you value your money and need someone you can trust your clothes with, please take your business elsewhere!!
1	Outrageously expensive for average work! The owners are not particularly  friendly, and seemingly uninterested in customer satisfaction. I will  not use them again.
5	I have used Four Seasons Cleaners exclusively for over ten years. As someone who travels extensively, I have dry cleaning (business and casual attire) about once a week and they do an excellent job.  The owners are courteous and the service is prompt and reliable.  They also do a great job on alterations. I highly recommend Four Season Cleaners.
5	I have used Four Seasons twice on a heavily beaded and sequined costume. Each time they are able to get the odor out and the dirt off of the cape (which hangs and drags on the ground.). I would highly recommend this cleaner for your high end dry cleaning needs!
