5	Came here earlier got the milk tea.. It's good it's right next to my house is a good location.. Right next to KoMex and Hikari =)
3	Cute, small bakery with boba tea options: menu is limited but they are testing additional items to add. Currently their cheese rolls are a popular item.Tried the cheese rolls, a coconut donut, and a coconut boba- fair pricing, total for all treats came to $7 and service was polite and helpful.Cheese roll is a sweet pastry with the dessert cheese filling, not the feta pastry I had imagined like from Jones Market's bakery. A bit too sweet for me, but apparently one of their more popular items.The coconut donut was dense and cakey, but not in a bad way. Not overly sweet, but couldn't finish it all: priced well for the size, though.Coconut boba drink was tasty, boba was fresh and chewy without being overshadowed by the tea. Liked that the beverage didn't have an overwhelmingly artificial taste to it, as at other places.
4	Items Selected:Chef ZenLatiya - Custard Pound Cake with CinnamonBlueberry Yeasted DonutApple FritterCream Cheese CroissantBlueberry CroissantNewly opened on South Buffalo, in the former environs of Dee's Donuts next to Babystacks #2, the head baker at Chef Zen is actually named Paolo and although his selection of sweets is thus far limited an early look shows promise of things to come.  Featuring specialties ranging from France to Guam, with a fluffy American donut complete with natural blueberry glaze in between, my Chef Zen experience was in fact curated by the owner himself and taking his word on what was best the $6.95 order of five items featured none short of enticing, even the slightly oily apple fritter packing quite a few apples into a crispy and compact shell.Steering away from more fried things, though 'cronuts' and empanadas were due to debut at eleven o'clock, it was onward to a duo of laminated baked pastries that my tasting next trended and although the blueberry croissant could have been more densely filled the cream cheese iteration was without fault - the flaky shell shattering to tooth as light savory notes arrived up front only to dissipate into a linger just a touch sweet.Finishing up with a clamshell of Latiya, pronounced with a z-sound in place of y, the item was described to me as 'pound cake beneath cinnamon custard' and with the two textures vying for dominance while butter, cream, sugar plus cinnamon flooded the palate the explanation proved spot on - a heavy dish, no doubt, but unique despite familiar constituents while once again proving that the marriage of two delicious desserts can indeed be better than the sum of its parts.Still finding its footing inside the small storefront, and reportedly to soon feature more ethnic specialties alongside the small case of empanadas and young coconut pie, Chef Zen is the sort of place I look forward to revisiting in the near future, the raised n' glazed donuts already amongst the best in the Valley while the customer service shines.
4	l looooove pastries!I gotta be honest walking into this bakery i expected more and was not that impressed with how the pastries were presented at their display, but thought they're a new bakery and i should give it a try. MMMMMM CHEESE ROLLS!MMMMMM ORANGE CREAM CAKE DONUT.... whaaaaa? so goood!MMMMMM THAI TEA W/ BOBAMMMMMM COCONUT DONUTSand CRONUTS... yes i said it CRONUTS :)!Obviously I got a little ahead of myself and just jumped in for the sugar high but pleasantly each pastry was surprisingly good and i just wanted to try more to see if it gets better, and it did! The Cheese Rolls were amazing and definitely steals the show, if you have heard of Portos bakery in SoCal whom specializes them, Chef Zen's cheese rolls are the closest thing you'll get here in vegas. - IMPRESSED. The donuts ...MMMMM, i mean they're donuts , enough said. Boba was cooked just right. The Cronuts though i've had them before and i love this Croissant and Donut hybrid, I'm used to cronuts being a little more flaky, but these were just enough flakiness in the outside and perfectly soft and chewy in the inside.......HEAVEN. Only down side for me is that it is a little pricy from what i am used to paying for pastries but the quality and T.L.C. that comes from this bakery makes up for it. Will definitely come back, super friendly workers and they have malasadas (hawaiian style donuts) and french macarons - they were sold out :( ... that i have yet to try! TRY IT!oh and please Chef Zen... put labels on what your donuts and pastries are, i know you guys are there for me to ask but I found myself pretty annoying asking you guys what each pastry is ..... LOL.
5	4 stars for the bakery.. Added an extra star for the amazing customer service. Walking in I was greeted and helped out by Paolo, who happens to be the head pastry chef of the new bakery. There wasn't a huge selection of pastries to choose from, but Paolo took the time to describe each item on display. After a few minutes of deliberating and fighting off the urge to taste everything I ended up choosing their cheese roll, maple cake donut, cronut, and a medium mango boba. Cheese Roll - 4.5/5Crisp on the outside, with a flaky bite throughout with a sweet cheese filling. Apparently one of the best sellers.. This is the closest thing you can get to Portos' famous little pastry without making the drive to Cali. MUST TRY!Cake Donut - 4.0/5Looked a little dry on the outside but was surprisingly very moist throughout. Overall a good donutCronut - 4.8/5Got lucky as they were making a fresh batch when I walked in. Quite flaky with a slight chewy consistency...amazing! Limited in quantity so be sure to grab one if they're available. My only regret was not buying more to take home Mango Boba Slush - 3.5/5Definitely does not rival the boba teas/slushes you can get at Chinatown, but worth getting if you're in the area and need to satisfy that boba cravingOverall a pleasant experience. There are few things the bakery needs to work on like presentation and organization, but that's expected with a new business. 10/10 will return again
5	Loved this little spot. Yeah in Vegas I want my boba!!  So if you love boba, is a great place to go, off Flamingo Blvd, 15 mins from the strip.
4	I arrived at 6:01 and as I was walking up to the sho, I noticed their hours and that they close at 6, but there were lots of people inside and they waved me in despite the time. They had already put away all their pastries, but had smoothies available. I ordered the taro with boba and they told me to sit down and it would be out quickly. It was and I was on my way in no time with a delicious smoothie. I appreciated that they welcomed me even after their stated hours and I look forward to coming back soon to try some of their excellent looking pastries.
5	The folks at Chef Zen are THE NICEST people! I got this recommendation from May at SK donuts in L.A.  So glad I drove out from Henderson just to try the cheese croissant rolls here as they are the best I've had in Vegas, comparable to the ones I've stood in long lines for at Portos in Glendale.  My teenage daughter ordered the honeydew boba and I gotta say it was OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD. AMAZING!  I'm not a big fan of honeydew, but this one had such a bright, crisp, refreshing taste to it without tasting artificial whatsoever.  Honestly, the best smoothie I've ever had.  I also tried the cruller, twisty donut, and picked up a jar of ube (filipino treat) and everything was super fresh and wonderful!  Paolo and his mom took great care of us, taking the time to tell us about each of the wonderful treats they had.  Will definitely be coming back to this bakery again and again.  So worth it!
5	Hands down the best empanadas in Las Vegas. The malabon was excellent. The pastries were very delicious. Service was fast and friendly. I will definitely be back for more.
3	I wasn't impressed. Maybe you need to go in the am but we walked in and I was excited to try something new. I asked the guy behind the counter what was the most popular item and he said it was the cream cheese croissants. He told me people order it by the buckets. I decided to try it and my husband got the cronut. The guy also said free upgrade from small to large boba because they ran out of small cups. My husband was a sucker and said yea. Verdict: the boba milk tea was overly sweet and the boba was hard. The cream cheese croissant was good but not necessarily something I would go back for. My husband wasn't impressed with his cronut either. Overall it's an ok place, but I definitely would not be back anytime soon.
4	PSST-HOY!Color me surprised-I didn't know this place was here.  Waiting on a friend for breakfast at the pancake place next door, I checked out this new Filipino eatery that has taken the place of Dee's Donuts.  Albert and his brother, Chef Paolo, are manning this spot that offers donuts, empanadas, malasadas, pan de sal, pancit, boba, turon, leche flan and more.  All the Filipinos can rejoice!  They also sell the popular Filipino sweets pastillas, red bean haupia, and polvoron, which comes in the regular version as well as red velvet--wow, that's a first for me!  Polvoron is a powdered milk candy that comes individually wrapped in white paper.  I got to try the macadamia version and it was delicious, melting in da mouth:  salamat! Paolo also gave me a mini pina colada muffin (cupcake without frosting) that he was testing, fresh out of the oven:  masarap!  Not the right time if I wanted pan de sal: sayang.  Albert says those fly out the door because they only make 6 dozen per day and were all gone already.  However you can pre-order for the next day for most items.  Empanadas were ready at 8:00am, but the malasadas and the popular cream cheese croissants don't come out of the oven until around 10:00am.  I'll definitely have to come back to try those out, as well as their turon (deep-fried banana rolls), pancit, empanadas, pastillas, etc.  Pinoy power!
1	Meh.  It's not really great. Expensive drinks. I made a mistake of not asking about how much things are since they're not posted. Two thai ice teas, one bottle orange juice and one donut came out to be $18. And another disappointing thing was they ran out of cup lids the day I went. Would not recommend going, nothing special to warrant the price.
5	Awesome little snack shop! 1) The cheese roll is delicious 2) The empanadas are GREAT...especially the beef! 3) They have really good boba 4) Great service...super friendly! 5) Great prices! 1 boba, 1 donut, 2 empanadas and 2 rolls...$9.25! Really cool place for a date, snack or pig out spot! Lol
