5	I was really nervous choosing a new vet for my dog.  The last vet lacked customer service, overcharged for their services, and gave my dog an unnecessary vaccine that he had an allergic reaction to.   Upon conducting tons of online research that lead me to Faust Animal Hospital's website, I decided to give them a call.  I left them a voice message around 12pm requesting a call back as I told them I was shopping for a new vet.  Tammie from the front office called me back around 6:30pm that evening and explained that they had been in surgery all day (I believe they closed at 6pm that day).  She then proceeded to answer all of my questions (and I had tons of them!) about their practice and services.  We must have talked for at least a half an hour!  She was so pleasant and informative; a perfect representation of a solid, customer-oriented business!  I scheduled an appointment for my dog two days later and had a similar experience when I met Tammie and the staff in the office.  The vet, Dr. Wiblin, was very attentive to my concerns and took the time to explain, in full detail, what my options were in going forward to diagnose my dog.  She also presented me with a full estimate of recommended services so I could make an informed decision aligned with my budget.  A couple of other key factors that helped me choose Faust Animal Hospital as my new vet:-They process all blood work and x-rays in-house so your wait time for getting results is minimized.  -They were awarded The Veterinary Health Care Team of the Year  by the Arizona Veterinary Medical Association-They take GEMB Care Credit as payment for services rendered.
5	I have used Faust Animal hospital for the past 13 years.  They offer great service, have very knowledgeable staff, and are available for walk-in emergency care.  The staff was very kind when two of my older cats needed to be put down.  I cannot recommend them enough.
5	I found Faust a year ago when I was looking for a vet close to my house. I had a really good vet that I went to but it was an hour drive away. I had a friend that took her dog to Faust and said they were great. So, I reluctantly gave them a try... And I am so glad I did! Both vets there are fantastic. Sympathetic, knowledgeable, and willing to provide lots of options for treatment. They have spent alot of time with me on the phone, answering many questions. They even call me monthly to see how my sickly cat is doing. And they are very patient. My cat is a PILL in the vet's office. He doesn't like anything being done to him. It took 3 of them to hold him down to take blood. But they are sweet and patient and have found ways to work with him. Tammy and the other office staff are wonderful. After my cat threw himself and his carrier off the chair in the waiting room, the peed all over the floor, Tammy rushed to help me clean it up and minimized my embarrassment and concern. Ozzy and I love Faust!
5	This summer I shadowed Faust Animal Hospital veterinarians and Vet techs a couple days a week. I am a pre-vet student and they were kind enough to let me sit in on some surgeries and day to day procedures. From what I observed, the staff at this hospital are at the high end of professional. Every case they took on was approached in the most attentive and caring way. On top of their work ethic and professorial demeanor, the staff was welcoming, friendly, and fun to be around. If I lived in Phoenix and not 1500 miles away, this is where I would bring my pets, hands down!
5	I have always gone here when I had my poodle, and when I moved back from Flagstaff with my cat, Claire, we have been going here ever since for veterinary care and services.  As my cat is aging, there are additional health concerns coming and this past week Dr. Wiblin spent almost a good half hour on the phone reviewing all of Claire's test results, blood work, etc. and all of my possible options.  It made us feel like "valued customers" that the actual veterinarian spent that much time and was concerned and empathetic regarding her kidney issues.I would highly recommend this facility to anyone looking for an office that cares.
5	We found Faust using Yelp.  The entire office staff is AMAZING!!!  They are kind, compassionate and went above and beyond any vet practice we have ever used before.  I'd recommend Faust to anyone.  Both doctors are wonderful!
5	Faust Animal Hospital is absolutely as good as it gets! My family has been taking our beloved pets to Faust since Bonnie Faust was there, about 25+ years. We have always had great experiences there with all of the staff. You won't find a better vet than Dr. Wiblin. She attends to our pets like they are her own. She always does a thorough exam and answers every single question you may throw at her. She doesn't ever act like she is in a hurry to get to another patient, she spends as much time with you as you need. Tami, the front desk manager, is about as friendly as you can get. I'm pretty sure she knows the name of every single patient that walks through the door, human and animal alike. The vet techs are just as friendly and caring toward your animals. Some of the techs have been there forever which I think speaks volumes about the practice itself. A familiar face that is familiar with your pets really makes it a smooth and pleasant experience. When we had to put down out 14 year old Boston Terrier back in 2010 Dr. Wiblin was there with us. Even she cried when it was all over. I always knew she was wonderful but that topped the cake. A while after that day we received a note in the mail from a research company that had informed us that Dr. Wiblin had made a donation in our dogs name to fund research on dogs with cancer. It was the most thoughtful thing anyone could have done. I recommend everyone choose Faust Animal Hospital for their fur babies. You will not be disappointed!
5	My pets have been visiting Faust since Bonnie was there, well over 20 years.  The staff is incredible and I can't say enough about how awesome they are.  We also bring our dogs to Faust for not only the best in vet care, but for overnight boarding as well.   They go above and beyond.
5	We always feel comfort and compassion when our dogs are in need.  All the staff are knowledgeable and caring. Even when our pets had passed, the staff did everything possible to help us with our grief.
