3	I detest giving blood.  I am a huge baby when it comes to needles, shots, and physical pain.  Therefore, I dreaded both recent visits to this Sonora Quest Lab location more than you know.  But I did go, twice, and I survived!Sonora Quest Laboratories seems to dominate the Valley when it comes to blood tests prescribed by doctors.  You are given paperwork that shows what tests you need done and a sheet of paper that has SQL locations all over the Valley.  This one happens to be most convenient to where I live, so this is where I've gone, twice, recently... The first time I went was on a weekday afternoon.  I was one of only a couple of people in there and the experience was not as bad as I anticipated because of Ronnie, the lovely lady who took my blood and talked to me throughout the process.  She had a soft touch, got my vein on the first try, and didn't make me feel bad that here I was, a grown adult, looking away from the needle as tears rolled down my face.The next visit was early this morning, a Friday... I walked in and the place was packed!  You would think they were giving away something for free!  There was barely a seat free in the waiting room.  My jaw dropped when I walked in and the lady working at the front told me not to worry, the wait wouldn't be more than 30 - 40 minutes.  She was right on.  This time around, a woman named Jennifer took my blood.  She found my vein on the first time also... thank goodness!If you are given paperwork from your doctor that shows you need to get your blood tested, this location will get the job done - and get it done as efficiently and pain-free as possible.  Still, as much as the folks at SQL are friendly and seem to be doing a good job, I hope I don't have to return for a very long time... no offense, Ronnie and Jennifer!
4	bee tee dubs, did you know that mr. harkins goes here? we once shared a waiting room and he promised me free movie tickets. pay up movie man. i have had my blood taken a few times in my life- and sonora quest always finds my veins. i love them for that. there is one guy who is the vein genius. ask for the giant black man. im not even kidding, i don't know how he does it, but you don't feel a THING. he is the best.i also love that the male nurses flirt with me right before they prick me. it distracts me. and none of the nurses have bad breath- which is important when you're that close to someone. always request to use sonora quest when and if you need to have your blood drawn- the competitors are vein murderers.
2	When I first moved here, this was the lab I used, until I just couldn't take it anymore.  I could never find a time to go when it wasn't a minimum 45-minute wait...on a good day.  Though the waiting room is large, it's often standing room only.  And waiting outside in July is not exactly a nice alternative.  I tried going first thing in the morning, it was packed with everyone who was fasting (including me).  Tried waiting until late morning.  Same.  Tried going early afternoon.  Same.  Only now I'm really hungry, and really pissed off.  And while you're sitting for that hour waiting, look to your left. This seems to be a preferred lab for all the AHCCCS gals with two in tow and one on the way.  Now look to your right.  See all those elderly folks in wheelchairs carting oxygen tanks.  You'll be lucky to have oxygen when you're their age or a wheelchair for that matter.  Look back to your left.  That's the generation that will be funding my social security someday.The check-in process seems overly complicated.  I had my labs sent to the wrong doctor once because rather than sending them to the physician that ordered them, they went to the last doctor I saw.  I updated my address, but they sent my bill to my old address anyway.Now, if you can find a reasonable time to go, the techs are really good here.  Fast, friendly, and they won't miss your vein no matter how small it is.  And I have much compassion for the work they do.  At my last and final visit, the tech told me "don't take this the wrong way, but you smell so good, what are you wearing?"  Soap.  That's how bad this guy's morning was going.  Soap was a refreshing change.
4	I hate needles, they scare the hell out of me. I really hate having to get my blood test done, i always choose this location. Not because i have a choice, but because I'm usually in a hurry to get back to work. This place is a bit grungy looking, and it could probably use a couple of layers of paint, the staff in the front counter are usually annoyed, but i can sometimes sympathize with the staff. It's always crowded and the seats usually run out quickly. SCHEDULE AN EFFING APPOINTMENT, if you want to be in an out this place quickly. I usually get in and out in 30 mins. Other than that this place is alright, the phlebotomist's there are all really nice, and they have never missed a vain.
5	The people at Sonora were very good to me. I'm very much needle-phobic, and they made things very easy. I scheduled an appointment, I showed up on time, and I followed my doctor's directions. The nurse was kind enough to let me talk about whatever I wanted, and I was in and out in a matter of minutes.If there's anything I would recommend it's to make an appointment before you go. Unlike many other places I've been, these people honor that appointment. There were people sitting in the waiting room when I got there that were still there when I left. Make an appointment.
4	Today was the first time I've been back since they implemented their computer appointment system. All I can say is best-idea-ever.
1	This lab has charged me money for a visit and I've never even been there? Unprofessional much?
4	I am not a fan of getting poked by needles but it's a necessary evil for a thrombollic diabetic like myself.  The folks here are generally very gentle and able sofar as drawing blood, with a rare exception.  The only screw up was my first visit to this location when they somehow pulled a 9 year old order on my first visit and sent it to the wrong doctor rather than my current PCP.  They did get it fixed, however, and the issue has not repeated itself.
2	Even when you make an appointment online (and you can ONLY make them online), the wait to get lab work done is ridiculous. I've brought my parents here a few times for appointments & even had to come in for myself a few times. Each and every time, appointment or no appointment, at least a half hour wait. In addition, my mom has had some issues getting orders faxed over. I don't know if it's an issue on Sonora Quest's end or her doctor's office end. All I know is it's an issue that extends how long I've waited here. The people who work here seem nice enough and it's clean (although it's pretty small waiting room for the amount of people who come in for lab work). It's the closest Sonora Quest to my house, so my family will probably continue to come here lab work. It doesn't mean I like the place all that much.
