4	Am I seriously the first person to review this place?When I moved here in 2005 from Vancouver, I was stumped when it came to where to get my drycleaning done, where to get my pedicure, where to get a coffee (there were only 9 Starbucks in the city at the time, can you believe that?) and WHERE TO GET MY EYEBROWS THREADED!!!!???Back home, I had a nice Indian lady that did them for me once a month for five dollars.  It wasn't long after I arrived to Montreal that I really started to get desperate - I didn't want to meet new friends sporting a unibrow!  I finally met a girl that was studying Hindi and knew she MUST know the answer to my dilemma.  Indeed, she knew where I get could get threading done for THREE DOLLARS!  She even took me straight there (thanks, girl!)Dee's - there are several locations - Liege was the first one I went to and one time I even made the mistake of going on a Tuesday - all the way from downtown - and it's their day off!  Lucky for me, the owners were inside cleaning up and when they saw my disappointment, the woman got out her thread!  Can you believe that?  Anyway, she (I think she is the owner's wife but I regret that I've never got her name) is the best one there but I've always been happy with whomever I got to do my brows at Dee's.  Now I go to the location on Cote Vertu (and there is also one on Jean Talon) and I am happy as a clam.Incidentally, in the meantime, another Indian salon opened up literally a two minute walk from my house (Charlevoix at St-Charles) and I tried going there twice.  I'd rather switch metro lines once or twice than go back there.  Dee's is where it's at.Take care of those messy eyebrows, ladies!  And tip your threading lady!  $3 is unreal.  She deserves at least 100%!
4	Lineups may look huge but they work super fast! Awesome price for awesome eye brows. There are also 3 locations around town. If you are looking for a place that does threading this is the place! I used to go somewhere downtown, where it would cost me almost $15 now it's simply $5!
5	Walked in around 17h, there was no queue and I was greeted by a lady with a huge smile. Sat down, closed my eyes and 5 minutes and 4$ later, I had me some beeeeautiful eyebrows. This is the only place to go get 'em done in Montreal. Don't be scared even if there is a line, it goes really fast.
2	Man..what a disappointment.I heard so many good things about this place, and after some of the Yelp reviews, I decided I'd go try it out. I'd been search for a good eyebrow threading place, and since this seemed to be their specialty I went out of my way to come to this place..However, not a single part of me was impressed.Yes, it *only* costs $3.....however, the lady finished my brows in about 1 minute. That's not normal. It normally takes 15 minutes to get a good eyebrow threading done.  When I mentioned that a few spots seemed to be missed, and that I wanted them thinner, I was quickly dismissed because the line up outside was so long So, having driven 25 minutes to come here, I was really not impressed at all - it was a sucky experience overall. Totally not worth it........
5	After living in Montreal for almost 5 months, I finally decided to get my eyebrows done. so i checked around on Yelp.com as all newbies do and i picked Dees Beauty Parlour @ Acadie station since this is quite close to where I stay. I was bit nervous and was not sure if I will like this place or not as I am very picky like most gals are. But I must say, I was extremely pleased with the welcome I received from this gal- Phalguni ( I thought u should get the kudos)  and the service was flawless and soo professional. Got my eyebrows done - perfect job, just the way i like it and then decided to try waxing too ! I prepared myself for the worst case scenario after reading the reviews. I asked for arms and underarms waxing.. She was extremely gentle and I didn't feel a thing. Mind u I got extremely sentimental skin and underarms that went for a surgery  few years ago cuz of a bad wax job ! And the price .. Unbelievable for the service I got! So gals! Please don't worry, you won't be disappointed with the service u will get at Dees Parlour. There are always 1 or 2 bad incidents happening at all places.. It's just bad luck and wrong timing! I think I found the perfect place I will be going for all the years I will be living in Montreal !!! Hurray !!
5	Read the reviews herehttp://latouchemontreal.wordpress.com/2009/10/26/sourcils-parfaits-5-minutes-3-dollars/
