4	Great Latte's!This place has a dreamy atmosphere. If you have a good book and some time to spare ( also if you can manage to find a seat) stay and enjoy. Sardine feels like old Europe blended with Brooklyn. Great people watching and yummy food make this place a little gem in the mile end.
5	Love it but shh, don't tell anyone! It's tiny and we still want to be able to sit here quietly reading and drinking lovely lattes and eating fresh lime donuts!
3	Most of the other reviews to date review Cafe Sardine from the perspective of somewhere to hangout in the afternoon with a coffee in hand. For that I would agree Cafe Sardine is an excellent spot. Furthermore, its evening atmosphere is also lots of fun making a great spot for a drink with some friends. Their gin and tonic, made with home made tonic, is amazing. However, if your primary objective is food, this is not your best pick which is why I'm only giving them 3 stars. We were a group of 5 so we were able to sample almost the entire menu. The best item by far was the trout and potatoes, with the lamb coming in 2nd. The balance of the items were not particularly note worthy. In particular I would recommend that you avoid the tomato bread and herring (or was it sardines) both of which were very underwhelming.
5	Hands down the best espresso drinks in the Mile End. Also love their home-made doughnuts and the interior design, which is great. Music a bit loud at times.
5	A truly wonderful hole-in-the-wall tapas bar sits on the corner of fairmount and laurent.  Each dish is better than the next as skilled staff walk you through each so as to maximize your appreciation.  Our favorites were a squash dish (prepared in such a complicated way I can't get into it) and a calimari salad with strawberries in it which sounded strange but worked so so well.I hear the cocktails are great too, but didn't try.Enjoy!
5	Delicious iced Lattes, cardamon and Sugar donuts, Rhubarb glazed donuts...and a very great vibe with a cute staff, good music and open-aired entrance, perfect for a summer sit.
2	Pretentious, overpriced food, some of which wasn't even that good.  This was one of my lesser Montreal dining experiences- in part because my expectations were so high, but mainly because I felt insulted by what they charged for food I could have made better at home.   The portion sizes were far too small - my dinner companion and I both left the restaurant hungry enough to skip across the street afterwards and buy a couple of warm Fairmount bagels.  And while the food was decent, it wasn't great, and sometimes it was questionable. Poached cornish hen delivered with a gooey and unappetizing skin -, and the resultant color was a dull grey.  The poaching method did nothing special to the hen.  Swordfish arrived warm surrounded by cold raw corn and tomato; while I often like organic, raw foods in a dinner dish - if you're going to pay this amount for it the flavors should add up to something, which they didn't.  A beet salad made up of a quarter of a beet, half a pear and some creme fraiche didn't live up to its cost.  Some points for design and what might be the coolest bathroom in Montreal.
5	Best doughnuts I ever had! Especially the Bourbon/Mint! Plus, they use Phil & Sebastien coffee, it's so damn good!
5	Best Donut EVER!I always love to stumble upon gems when I travel.  While I was exploring the Mile End neighborhood which is part of the Plateau-Mont-Royal borough in Montreal; I found a trendy cafe tucked comfortably just off the Boulevard Saint Laurent.  I had been walking all morning and all I wanted was an espresso.  I did not know I was going to find the best donut EVER at Cafe Sardine!The smoked sugar donut literally melts in your mouth.  I was pissed that I got the last one.  They also had a chocolate orange donut that was also quite delish.The place was packed but we were able to make some space at one of the high tops and order a couple of drinks.  I had a double espresso which was PERFECT and my friend picked a loose-leaf tea from Cafe Sardine's large selection.I can not wait for my next visit so I can get there early enough to ensure that I get a Smoked Sugar Donut--or two!
4	I arrived at Cafe Sardine on a Sunday night thinking it was a coffee shop, equipped with tables with students being..... studious? I'm pretty sure that's a word. It still may be during the day, but I didn't get that feel at all after walking in the door. My intention was to merely purchase a coffee and research what Montreal really has to offer - which is a lot.I was greeted right away, and sat at the bar. After realizing I wasn't going to get any research done here I decided to stick around and see what was offered on the menu.I opted for the Bison dish with figue, mache, airelle and cameline - whatever those are. I wasn't asked how I would like to have it cooked, so I guess it just comes standard as medium rare, which is just how I prefer it. The Bison itself was delicious and tender, though it was a 'half serving'. The figue portion of the dish I could have done without, as I was never a fan of the newton variety anyway, even as a kid.I spoke in length with the host, bartender and chef about 'must dos' while in MTL, and they were VERY helpful with their insight and suggestions. We even touched on the debate on which sandwich and bagel shop truly has the heart of Quebecians. Cafe Sardine definitely have a great staff and a nice intimate ambience, which was the deciding factor in the 4th star. I really dig their hardwood floors too. Keep up the good work gentlemen!*Beantowns Finest*
4	4 stars because of 4 things: the ambiance, the location, the coffee and the DONUTS!!!! The cakey goodness, dusted in sugar and cinnamon and they come in a toolbox: that's brilliant. I have to avoid walking by here too often as I tend to drool even if I am a full block away. I would have given them 5 stars, but the baristas here would make a sloth look snappy.
5	From the tastefully hand-lettered signage to the dim 19th-century de rigeur interior, I like this little spot sandwiched between Lawrence and Guillaume on Fairmount. This place makes a damn fine espresso and the donuts (orange w/ chocolate icing!) are meaty and delicious. The perfect spot for an afternoon pick-me-up or mid-day date. Love it.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	On y sert des lattes et de bons beignes chauds au chocolat & orange ou encore cardamome & sucre, qui disparaissent en moins de deux.
2	ALWAYS VERY crowded, we could only get a seat at the counter. Service at the bar, prompt & courteous. The heat in this place was on very high, cosy at first, but sweltering the longer ons's there. Coffee was lukewarm & weak, according to my coffee connaisseur companion, tea was OK, had better. Overall impression: overcrowded, overhyped hipster joint.
5	VIBEIf I lived in Montreal, this would be my regular cafe. From the cute mural on the wall to the free wi-fi (I think) and all-out general dark and brooding but light vibe/atmosphere to the donuts (OMG the donuts), I'm a FAN. I DRANK/ATEI had my usual chai latte. It would be nice if they had cinnamon to flavour it up a bit. Not the best chai but the gold stars go to the lime donuts. I was lucky to get one! They also have fancy/schmance hot dogs here and you get two big ass ones for $9. Hearty. On the list. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARKI hate sardines but this Sardine is not smelly or tastes awful. Definitely a fave in Mile End. Ahh good to be back!
4	From reading all the reviews here before I went, I wasn't sure what to expect regarding the many donut flavors. To clarify for others who might have share this confusion, here's how it works: they appear to have three daily donut flavors that rotate through (and are constantly being replenished throughout the day), plus a cinnamon roll thing (which may or may not be a staple).  When I visited, the daily flavors were ginger, citron, and orange sugar.  Naturally, we had to try all three.  They have a brilliant pricing scheme such that the donuts get progressively less expensive the more you buy (1 for $1.75, 2 for $3, 6 for $8).  Six donuts it is! We weren't able to agree on which one was our favorite, but of the three, only the ginger one wasn't impressive (it wasn't bad, its flavor just wasn't very strong).  My friends spoke well of the little cinnamon rolls too.  I tried one of the hot dogs (all of which are quite reasonably priced at 1 for $4.75 or 2 for $9), the "bon ami / bahn mi" with pickled daikon, fish caramel sauce, a red sauce and cilantro).  There is a veggie hot dog option too, plus a smoked meat one (3 choices total).The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is the chai latte. As others here have mentioned, it's unimpressive (and I would even say disappointing): for $4, you get a small french-press type cylinder of tea that is barely spiced.  When you could have a hot dog for $4.75, or several donuts for that price, paying $4 for a little not-too-flavorful tea is a bummer.As others have also mentioned, the ambiance is really cool. There are old school traincar-style leather booths, a tool box of donuts, and really friendly staff.  I'll be back!
2	Was ok. Place is quaint. Not many food options. Asked for an americano coffee to arrive with my breakfast sandwich but the coffee never came. Food was good. Next time I'll try somewhere else.
3	Coffee Shop during the day and Restaurant in the evening.Dropped by Cafe Sardine for a hangover coffee.... The lighting is perfect as it was dark and dim.Donuts I found them decent, didn't wow me.Cappuccino was fine..  but I had better.Cafe Sardine was A-OK.. but doesn't really worth a special trip just to come for their coffee and donuts... but the evening experience might be totally different!Sadly Cafe Sardine had closed the week after I visit...
4	Quality coffee and pastries, kitchen was closed during my visit but I'll be back!
4	Lovely place. I had a good cappucino and tried their ramen soup. It was good but I didn't find it amazing... The homemade donuts are great though. Overall it is a great little cafe,  but it does have this name for a reason ! SO SMALL. The atmosphere is nice but i was barely sitting on somebody else's knees !!
5	As many other reviews state, this place is TINY. You'll probably bump into the people sitting next to you at some point during your stay as there is little space between the tables. The room is very cozy with a small bar area and a tiny open kitchen in the back of the place. Their menu is written on a chalk board above the bar and consists of about six items: a breakfast sandwich, a salad, a mackerel sandwich, and a few types of ramen. There's also homemade donuts and housemade sodas (cucumber and ginger) to be had. During the evening the place has a different menu I believe, turning into an Izakaya. The mackerel sandwich was outstanding. The fish was cooked perfectly, the aioili with it complemented it well and the bread was great too. The ramen was also quite good and we would definitely come again for it. The place was full of people coming and going while we were there, so if it looks crowded when you arrive, don't be afraid to wait a few minutes...you can probably find a table pretty soon!
5	This cafe made me smile with its quality and lack of complication. This cutesy hole-in-the-wall makes good coffee as well as fresh donuts and an interesting mix of food items, be it the daily salad or the chicken karaage with asian slaw or the pork sandwich to name a few. Drag yourself here on a sunday morning with sore eyes and shit hair and you'll feel comforted by this little warm place and its fried and flavoursome deliciousness.
3	This is based on the fact I have ordered Latte to go. I did not try their brunch so for now its a-ok. Proper review to come when i have properly experienced this place.
5	This place is amazing. Perfect atmosphere (so cute and chill), great coffee and tea (real chai!), and awesome donuts. Crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside. Amazing!
5	I loved this place. The homemade doughnuts and lattes were exceptional. The doughnut was a simple cinnamon sugar; soft on the inside and "crispy" on the outside.  The staff was super friendly and there is a pitcher of water on the corner of the bar, which i think is really thoughtful. Though it is a bar, people had laptops and were working, getting coffees, and hanging for a while. We grabbed a seat by the large open window and people watched for 2 hours. If I lived in Montreal, this would be my spot.
5	Beautiful space and delicious coffee. What else do you really need? I'll need to update this review when I go back for dinner, but I'm really looking forward to curing the winter blues with sunshine, homey atmosphere, and good service here.
5	Ooo, sad, the Sardine is at an end... :( (The sardine is canned? There must be some kind of pun here...)Anyway, fair warning guys - this business no longer exists.
