4	This tea house has a really chill, southeast Asia vibe with really amazing tea.  I came in on a hot day and had some peach-mango iced tea, and it was really refreshing.  They have a huge selection of teas as well as snacks.  You can also enjoy a hookah with flavored tobacco if that's your thing.  They also have free WiFi, which came in handy.  Since it's underground, I think this place suffers from a lack of business, and it's also a little pricey for tea.  It's definitely a relaxing, comfortable atmosphere though and a cool place to go with friends.
4	I've been here quite a few times and always enjoy it. The lounges are very cozy and are great for a small group of friends to just hang out, smoke some shisha, drink some tea and eat some delicious baklava. Go for the set shisha menus as they're great value.
3	I just want to chill.... I just want to have a place to relax and daydream before my next meal.. Am I asking too much??  I almost thought I am going into a yoga studio.. Which I think I definitely would enjoy a few downward dog and even Sivasana, but that's probably not what my Yelp friend has in mind.Loungers and Cushions... Soft and Comfy..... I feel at home... especially without my winter shoes... Can I take off my sweater too and be in my Lululemon outfit?Tea selections are based on aroma (starting from $4.30 a pot)? flowery...fruity... All my guess since the menu are in French only... Just pick a number.. tea by number...any number... I just want to chillServices are slow or non existence? My tea finally came on a "Silver" Platter...The wait staffs are as chill and laid back as me... maybe they should have tip me instead!
1	After visiting this place for the first time it will definitely be my last one. I went for the hookah and the lady told me that the shisha is only outside no problem so i went outside and waited for the menu.... After 10 min of waiting she brought the menu even though they were only 3 customer in the store.15 min later she bought me my shisha and my drink WOW! I have no clue what she has been doing the whole time but wow i was very amazed by how long it took her. I didn't complaint simply because i was there to relax and i was in no hurry to go but 25 min just to get the order it pretty long...I'm usually a very easy going customer and i really don't like to complain simply because i have been working in restaurant for a few years and i know how sometime customer can be a pain in the ass.Anyways when she brought me the shisha it tasted like crap and for some reason it was so hard to pump up the flavor. I asked her if it was possible to change it because its so hard. She tried it and in front of me and notice that it was indeed broken...Aren't they suppose to check before giving it to the client? 10 min later she brought me another one and the same story went. At this point i was just pissed off so i pay her for the shisha that i didnt even enjoy and left. What a waste of time. If you like tea i guess its a cool place to hang out but if you are there for the shisha i would suggest you to try somewhere else. Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
