5	I am a reader.  I am a lover of books.  I adore the smell when walking into a bookstore.  I get high from it.....no, really.  Books are like crack to me.  I could live in a bookstore.  I have loved Barnes and Noble for years.  So when I moved to Chandler and found the mall and the nice, big, B & N, I was in heaven!  This store has a cafe and plently of places to sit and look at books.  It also has a nicely stocked childrens department.  My daughter loves books too and she loves going to look at books as much as making a new friend or two while she is at it.  We always have a good time here.My daughter has the addiction too.....it must be hereditary.
4	This Barnes and Noble is just as big, clean, and organized as the rest.  It's a good book store if you don't mind the corporate world.  I like them because they make it very easy to order books that you can't find anywhere else, no pre-purchase necessary.  Last week, I ordered 2 books and this week, they called me to let me know they'd arrived.  I went in, looked at my books, found another book I liked and... was on my way!See ya there!
4	This is my go to B&N. I'm an avid reader that and have grown from having a library card to being a B&N card carrier. What I love about B&N over Border's is that I always go for the discount stacks. They're like a book buyer's heaven. It's a jamboree of different books from self help, to self love, fiction to non-fiction, biographies to ghost stories, personal narratives to self reflection. I love the deeply discounted prices and the extensive selection. I've never experienced bad customer service at any B&N although most times I hardly need assistance since I enjoy checking out the different books on the shelves, and take time to read a few pages or sit down on the many chairs and couches available in the various alcoves of the store. I'm not a big starbucks fan but I do enjoy that Starbucks has a partnership with B&N so that in many of their stores, you can enjoy a hot/cold beverage, enjoy a snack and read a book. It's perfect and offers a good respite from everyday life as well as a great alternative to doing something else other than staying in on the weekends. Hence I do enjoy B&N and maybe I'll see you there.
3	I am not happy with the user-unfriendly way this Barnes and Noble is arranged from a floor plan perspective. The periodicals are way in the back near the Mall, which places them too far away from the Starbucks Cafe.
4	For big box chain book stores go, there are none better than this B&N. the location is conveintent (given its not a major hioliday) since it is connected to the chandler mall but has outside access. always clean, well lit and a great assortment of books. If i need an actual book (as oposed to online version) this is the spot. hit it on an off day, grab a book and relax at the coffee bar inside to mellow out.
3	I like most B&Ns and this one is really big and, being located at the mall, makes it super convenient to sneak in a book read over the weekend when you're tired of looking at clothes and shoes.My biggest complaint about this place is the SEATING.This place used to have tons of couches and seating areas for people to sit down and get cozy to read a book... which I think is exactly why they got rid of them (bummer for me!).. because the mall leftovers were plopping down for a few hours to kill time, reading for free and not buying!  Anyway, good luck trying to find somewhere to sit down (besides the floor) and paruse through a book or two.  The only seating available is the uncomfortable wood chairs and tiny tables at the Starbucks there.. not exactly conducive to relaxing, but slightly better than being on the floor.They are a bit pricey, but it's a brick and mortar store, so there's lots of overhead.  I go here to figure out what I like and if I can't find it online for a significnatly lower price or for quick enough shipment (if I need it quick like a last minute country guide for upcoming travel), I will buy it here.
5	I love Chandler Fashion Mall and the fact they have this huge B&N here makes me love it even more. I always have found what I was looking for at this location. Everything is kept pretty orderly which I can appreciate given the fact at some book stores you can have a hell of a time finding a book you're looking for just due to things being unorganized. They always have a huge selection of "bargain priced" books. I always end up wanting/buying something from this section every time i go.
2	Just went there on a Saturday afternoon.  Went to check out in front (by the exit) and there was no one there; no one around.  So we went to the checkout near the mall entrance.  No one there; no one around.  I love B&N, but this one apparently has lousy management.
3	Love getting coffee from the cafe at this location. The roast is always strong and well blended in my opinion and the employees are typically very good at their jobs. Haven't had a drink yet that's too much milk vs coffee or too much syrup or whatever else complaint you could have with coffee. The large display case of desserts and other foods are usually very tempting as well. oh and you get the same cup you love from starbucks with a 10% discount if you have a b&n membership! chyea!
4	Boarders Bookstores were always my favorite. I was so sad when they shut down. So now one of the few options for bookstores are Barnes and Noble.They have actually gotten better I have to say.Their selection is Awesome they have absolutely everything you could want.Although I did come here looking for a Barbie Classic Calender and they did not have it. They still have a great selection.Books, Music, Dvd's, toys, A food and drink Cafe.It is really very good. This one is in the Chandler mall and has lots of room to look around.The day that we were there they had characters for the kids to see and get photos with.   They had Wonderwoman, Wolverine, and Spiderman. Spiderman had the best costumeexcept he was wearing the underwear shorts and you could totally see them through his costume. But, for kids I thought this was wonderful!I do like it here and there are wonderful books all around, which really makes me happy. I love Books ,all the electronic things are a bit sad I have to say.They do even have a bathroom in the shop which is nice as well.
4	Clean, friendly, nice. Everything a chain bookstore should be. The staff is always friendly, and the sales are often good. It doesn't really deviate either way from what you'd expect from a Barnes & Noble.
4	I like this place. An actual book store with books. I guess I am old fashioned. I like to turn a page and hold a book. I just do. I listen to CDs too. Now days I guess that makes me an old man and out of date. Fine I'll be out date if that is what it means. I also like, dirty little secret, to smell the pages sometimes. Something about that smell. It is like ground coffee. I just like it.The prices aren't too bad plus you can actually look at the books before you buy them and you have them instantly instead of having to wait for them to be shipped to you. It is a huge place which sometimes makes it hard to find exactly what you are looking for but the friendly staff is more than willing to help you out and point you in the right direction.I will always come here for all of my book reading needs.
2	This location probably deserves three stars but if you're going to have a Starbucks in your facility at least honor star bucks cards. If you pay for the Barnes & Noble's Member book club (I think you have to wear a green member' only jacket to cash in on savings), which isn't going to happen for me because I don't necessarily enjoy reading as much as the next person, only then can you save 10% on your purchases. Ba humbug! Off to another store to find the book I'm looking for since Barnes & Noble doesn't have it in stock
3	One line open?!?  Visit this store and be prepared to wait in line for a longgggg time. 6 people deep, chatty associate = long wait.
1	I go to this location ALOT and yesterday I did not have a good experience. Grabbed a couple books and tried to find a table to sit in the cafe, but no seating area open at the moment. So I sat on a book aisle. About 20 mins later, a staff came by and told me I couldn't sit on the aisle. I told her the reason I sat on the floor was because there was no seating. Would I really want to sit on the floor unless I had to???? I didn't catch the lady's name, but she was an older lady. Must be having a bad day or something. But I ALWAYS sit on the floor when there are no seating and no one has ever told me to move. She walked over to the cafe and try to direct me over and pointed to a couple open tables. It was sort of rude, so I dropped off the books that I planned to purchase and left the store. I saw a bunch of people in each aisle standing and reading and she didn't seem to have a problem with that. I rate this location with 1 star due to the staff being rude.
3	Ugh, I don't really want to give an actual bookstore 3 stars but I can't bring myself to give them 4. My main issue with this location is the organization. It's so difficult to find things. I even asked for help from one of the staff, who was super helpful by the way, but they also were unable to find the book I was looking for even though the computer's inventory shows this location had the book. It was disappointing. I want to give business to an actual store not going online but if your own staff can't find the book maybe the organization should be improved upon.
3	Entered the chandler mall through this place and they have the coffee shop right next to the entrance. It's a Starbucks which is a plus. It seems like most people walk through this place on their way to the mall which is annoying if you're shopping for books. There were notably people working the coffee shop which made for really long lines and a long wait for a cup of coffee. I was there on a Sunday afternoon so I'm not sure if that plays a part. I can't say I think of this place when I'm thinking about buying a new book. It will always represent an entrance to the mall for me.  If you know what you're looking for and want grab it on your way to visit other stores this place is great. If you want to get lost in a book section it may not be the place. The "read a book while sipping on a cup of Joe" vibe is definitely not there. The "let's force people to walk through the bookstore before coming into the mall" vibe definitely is.
