4	Yay first reviewer! Today was their grand openening.....hence, the first review.Went here today around lunch time and it was slammed! It is very nice inside and there seemed to be a good amount of seating (I took my food to go, so I was not dining in). I placed my order for a hibachi chicken and they even let me sub broccoli for the carrots. I was expecting it to take a good bit of time, but my food was ready relatively quickly. The portion is huge. Decent tasting chicken, broccoli, and rice. My only complaint about taste is their ginger sauce is alot more oil based then what I am used to (and what other hibachi places typically serve).Overall, great quick lunch spot with good prices. I think this will become one of my lunch time go to's in the future!
4	Ordered Hibachi ckicken. It was really good. Tender and juicy, just wish they put more mushrooms in there... The carrots were nice and sweet. One concern: it seems they don't refrigerate their shrimp sauce. It was all sitting in a tub on the front counter. Shouldn't it be held at 40F or lower?Quite a lot of food for around $7.50. Good price for Epicenter food.
2	Second time customer. The first was a lot better. There was one guy working behind the line cooking. The cashier/waitress is everything that's wrong with the restaurant industry. She obviously did not want to be there, and that ruined my experience. Her depressed mood seemed to have taken this whole place down. After she took my order, she went back where she was not found for another 20 minutes doing whatever. I've watched as multiple future customers walked in, and waited, then walked out as no service was granted. The cook kept going in the back to alert her, but she took her time. The cook had about 4 other meals completed and sitting on the counter until she returned to hand out everyones order. It was definitely an awkward experience. Overall, food is very tastefull (she forgot to include the sauce, so I had to make due with just soy sauce, as I took mine togo.), I however was thrilled they served Crab Ragoons, usually hibachi grills have the minimum items on the menu to keep cost low. Beware that they may include MSG. Its always that feeling after eating hibachi style rice/chicken and feeling stuffed, then wait an hour and you're hungry all over again. Though I can not say for sure, this is just a guess. Don't expect to do much work or be productive after indulging in this meal, it will weigh you down.
3	Hibachi taste without the price. Chicken was dry but the shrimp aka Yum Yum sauce cancelled it out.
5	Excellent food, great value, super fast takeout. I love this place.
1	I rather eat wall paper paste....I don't understand how you can mess up teriyaki chicken with broccoli and fried rice!!! No flavor/bland. Chicken was dry. I had a heaping size of broccoli stalks.....and maybe two florets...wtf? I wouldn't waste my time or money here, there are other places in the epi-center to fancy.
3	Went here for lunch. Decided to head that way before the crowd heads out to eat to avoid the lines. Staff seemed friendly, wait time was by no mean fast, but not excessive. The food was okay. Although I sat there and watched it being prepared, I wasn't blown away by any freshness vibe.  There are some equally priced places in the area that I enjoy more. Will give it another shot one day.
5	Impeccable food. I had the hibachi salmon and my wife had the teriyaki shrimp. We ate inside and the manager or owner brought our food to the table. It was a great atmosphere, great decor, and very neat.  We absolutely loved it.
3	After giving Fuji three tries, I felt a review was deserved. Overall, everything I have tried has just been okay. The hibachi options are HUGE! I have tried a few different options, chicken being my least favorite as it was very dry. The shrimp has always been cooked well, as well as the steak. I will say, do not waste your money on the filet upgrade..I did not notice any difference from the regular steak option. Overall, my favorite is the shrimp, with the amazing shrimp sauce, onions and mushrooms as I find the carrots are a little too sweet. The fried rice is cooked perfectly and again is a large portion. Service has always been good, nothing great, so again Fuji in my mind is good, however, nothing I would crave & want all the time.
5	It is great. Never really thought of eating here earlier but now that I kmow its a great place to eat I will surely come again.
1	This review is about the bubble tea only!I went there this afternoon they didn't have the bubbles for the bubble tea so I went back later tonight and ordered one. I literally finish the drink in like 2 sips. It's like the cup were mainly ice.It's not fresh tea neither I saw the girl squeeze some milk tea looking thing off a bottle and mix with water and ice. ,I finish my tea and all the bubbles were stick together in between ice cubes. Totally not worth the $4
5	Must try!! Best Habachi in uptown!! They also offer other specialty items. I eat there at least once a week. It's very convenient for me bc I work in uptown. They're fast and food is delicious! Haven't tried anything there I haven't liked yet.
5	I wouldn't expect these prices at a place like the epicenter.  It's definitely a great value, especially with the amount of food you get.  The service was good and the food came out quick.  I ordered the teriyaki shrimp and it was delicious. Great place to hit up after AA5.
1	Review is for bubble tea... for 3.95 the green tea bubble tea is horrendous. Green tea is way too sweet and the Boba is hard and small... a rip off.
