5	I can't believe I'm the first to review!My husband and I saw something about the Triangle Bar and Grill on an old WQED rerun about good places to eat in PA.  We stopped by yesterday and are VERY glad we did.  The Battleship hoagie fed us for 2 meals (3 feet of sandwich with 2 lbs of meat!), and that's saying a lot, we like our food!... and it was only 12.95!  It was one of the best sandwiches I've had, hands down.  We are definitely going back!
5	BEST SUBS EVER.  Seriously.  We saw this on "PA n'at with Dave and Dave" and it looks awesome.  We took the drive to Swissvale and got us a "Battleship" and it was literally 3 feet long, just the right amount of veggies and meat and delicious.  It was 2 meals worth of food (for two people).  Even better the next day.  And the best part was that it was under 13 bucks.  It's great, fast food.  I can't wait to bring friends there to enjoy their selection of 40s along with a Battleship.
4	Huge, huge "battleship" sandwich w Italian meats + bologna, exotic malt liquors, craftsmanship, and a barred window entrance hiding it's charm. Great experience.
4	Another place I've been going with my family for years. Triangle Bar has huge (26") battleship subs for very cheap! Our favorite is the italian, which is perfectly balanced with salami, ham, cheeses, vegetables, and spices. My father loves the roast beef subs too.I love that it hasn't changed a bit in the two decades I have been going there. Kind of dirty, barred, on the corner of the street... but excellent food! On game nights you will see a stream of people picking up their subs.Now you know why.
3	the battleship. 26" of good bun fresh meats tons of lettuce and tomato all for 11 bucks?  ill admit, driving through and parking on the streets of swissvale brought me closer to God since i said a prayer that my car was going to start.  i saw the place was held up a month after we were there but that could happen anywhere. good sub, i omitted salt and pepper and oragano bc it just doesnt seem right on a cold sub. they have hot subs too, maybe take my chances and go there for a cheesesteak
5	Think fresh bread, fresh vegetables, daily sliced meats of the highest caliber served in white butcher paper by very slow service.  Ahhhh, the joys of ordering a torpedo (around six inches of bread) or a Battleship (fasten the hatches!) from the Triangle.  They make the best cold hoagies -- turkey, italian, and ham are among my favorites!  They also have a bar and TV's for that minimalist game viewing adventure with regulars from nearby homestead and braddock propping up the stools.  It's a great take out place -- call ahead though.  A Pittsburgh classic you must try once for a Steeler or Penguin game party.  Terrific!
4	I have been a customer of the Triangle for decades. If you're a Yelper who craves trendy chic establishments, you need to look in Shadyside for places that just opened 6 months ago (and will be closed in 6 more) and skip the Triangle. It's practically frozen in time from 1970 other than the flat screen TVs. Oh, and they don't let hardcore drinkers lay their head down on the bar for a quick nap any more either.Having grown up in the same area, as a kid I just assumed every neighborhood had a place like this where you could get a massive hoagie freshly made and done right every time on fresh bread at a great price. Alas, it is not so. It turns out the Triangle is a one-of-a-kind with respect to the wonderful, awe-inspiring Battleship.I don't know why anyone buys a sandwich ring from a supermarket when for half the cost you can have a better quality sandwich that's even bigger.Even my wife, who is such a non-foodie she never cares where we go to eat or what we eat, is jazzed if I offer to grab a Battleship before I head home from work. And that trip adds 15 miles to my commute home so it's not a visit of convenience. If you love a great hoagie, you have to try these. I hope they never change. I'm not eating there for atmosphere.
5	This monster sandwich was a beast. Great Cappicola. Friendly people. Def go if u are in the area.
5	I find it hard to believe that a place like Triangle Bar and Grill only has 8 reviews.  I guess it's just not hipster enough for some people.  Which is fine with me.  I love walking in to this place.  It's never really crowded when I stop by on any given afternoon but they certainly have a steady stream of customers coming in for delicious sandwiches.  The crew behind the counter always greet me with a smile and are happy to make me a sandwich.  I have to admit that despite their many options, I've only tried the Super Battleship, a 2 foot Italian sub.  At only $14, it's quite a deal and great for parties.  It's packed with fresh meats and cheeses, lettuce, onion, tomato and sprinkled with oil and vinegar and oregano.  Some might say it's the perfect sandwich.  It's definitely remained one of my favorites.
5	Just go here, and order a battleship. If Kris makes it, its even better!
5	After further investigation, I opt for the butcher boy. Fried jumbo. Jumbo? Jumbo what? Seems its a local delicacy you can only get in Pittsburgh - just kidding. I don't even like bologna but I actually drool thinking about this sandwich. Heck, I would practically be a vegetarian if I stopped eating here, but its so worth it now and then.
4	Layers of cheap cold cuts, lettuce, onions and tomato on fresh Italian bread doused with the perfect amount of oil, vinegar and oregano.  Enough to feed four, but if you're saving it for yourself it only gets better the next day.
5	THE Place to go if you want to feed a family of four for under $20!!  Meat is fresh, toppings sublime, and the friendliest owner as well.   Just don't expect to sit and eat.
5	The best hoagies in Pittsburgh...hands down!!!
5	Best Freakin sub in da burgh, I live in Cleveland but originally from McKeesport. Every time I come home I will have da Super Battleship hands down best sub I've had thus far!! Steelers for life, down with the browns!!
4	I think triangle hoagies are great for parties and tailgates.  I normally order one or two battleships and all the fixings.  They are huge, they are reasonably prices, they are prepared quickly, and they are delicious!  I definitely will be back for more soon!
2	I have been a customer of the Triangle Bar & Grill for over twenty five years.  They have the BEST subs ever. BUT on this trip I was buying several to share with people from out of town.  They are cash only and more than happy to show you an ATM that charges you $2.50 per transaction.  The employees don't set the rules but have to live with them.  That $2.50 came out of their tip, they can hit up their boss for the rest.  Its 2014 and they still don't take credit and or debit cards.  Shame on them.
5	I'll make this short and sweet.  I grew up in the Pittsburgh area and now have retired at the central California Coast. I have tried hoagies throughout the United States and the hoagies made at the Triangle Bar in Swissvale are BY FAR the absolute best hoagies in the United States of America!!!!  When I go back and visit Pittsburgh, the Triangle Bar is a MUST stop and I usually buy a couple of extra hoagies so that I can bring them home on the plane to California and enjoy them here!!!The Best of the Best!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I love hoagies, and this place has some of the best I've ever had!Saw them on a Rick Sebak doc and of course had to check it out. Totally lives up to the hype. A true gem in Swissvale.
5	Growing up in Swissvale, we got a battleship for every football game, birthday party, and so on.. now in my late 20's my mom and I still have a ritual of going out to shop and then to each grab a battleship for dinner at our separate homes at least once a month. In over 20 years I can not think of a single bad experience with the place, other than the long wait which I will forgive because it's totally worth it.
5	I have not been to the Triangle for more than 20 years, but have told my husband about it many times (the place I used to go in college with friends late at night that had amazing hoagies named after ships - destroyers, battleship, etc.).  He had never been there and never heard of the Triangle.  Today was my lucky day!  We went to Kennywood and I realized the Triangle was just over the bridge.  My husband, a big Danny's fan, was game to try it.  The neighborhood is a bit sketchy, but parking was easy and the Triangle was exactly as I remembered it, especially the orange and green tiled floor!We ordered a battleship and a cheesesteak destroyer.  Everyone (kids, grandpa) loved them.  They were even better than I remember - fantastic fresh bread stuffed with meat and cheese, lettuce and tomato, just the right amount of oil and vinegar, salt and pepper.  Like other people say, you'd think that such a sandwich would be easy to find, but for some reason good simple  things (basic awesome bread) are hard to come by.  The cheesesteak was fantastic as well.  We felt that the cheesesteak was better than Danny's.  We have NOTHING like this in the west.  Definitely a great place, a fantastic  price, oh, and Turner's iced tea too!  I just hope I don't have to wait another 20 years for my next one.
4	Great place for lunch. Excellent subs on amazing bread. Fresh, fast and healthy! Better than any chain sub shop. Had the 6 inch torpedo. The battleship is huge!!!!!!! They have an ATM inside and only take cash.
4	One of the best Italian subs you can get!  After many years of having the TB&G on my list of must go to places, was able to stop by and get some take out.  Fun to watch the staff of about 4 making the sandwiches. Just get in line and order when it is your turn.  The 26 inch Italian was so tasty with lots of meat and the sweetness of the Italian dressing.   The place was jumping with people in line and all the tables and bar full of people eating one of the great sandwiches.
5	I have loved this place since I was a kid. It has not changed since then. This is not a "nice" place to dine in. It's a hole in the wall bar that makes Pittsburgh's best sandwiches. Huge stuffed hogies. I mean huge. The "Battleship" is the cornerstone size and it could satisfy 4-5 men no problem. My favs? Corned beef, steak, and the famous fried baloney but any selection is good. Go here get a hogie and take it to share.
