4	My dog and I love going to this PetSmart  location! We have used both the training and Banfield (the pet hospital) at this location. PetSmart Training-*Chris is the best and has a solution to almost any situation!*My dog LOVES visiting with Chris. If my dog and I are at PetSmart when we are not going for a class she gets very excited and wants to go into the training room!*Even if I have not enrolled my dog into a class for a while I can still as Chris training questionsBanfield- Piece of advice, enroll your animals in one of the health plans. We have saved THOUSANDS of dollars by doing so especially when our dog was a puppy. The puppy plan included all the vaccinations and getting her fixed.We had an incident with our dog where she had something wrong with her ear. I took her to Banfield and then realized Banfield had just closed. I was debating if I should take my dog to the Animal Hospital right up the street then I saw one of the receptionists come out of the back. I said "I know you guys closed down a little bit ago but I am not sure what to do, could you look at her ear and let me know what you would do about this?" She told me not to worry and she went in the back to get a nurse. The nurse looked at her ear and told me this was something that would be ok to wait until tomorrow for (since the doctor was gone for the evening).I was so thankful for them taking the time after hours to look at her.Two things to be aware of-sometimes it takes a while to get into a room or for the doctor to come in (which is out of their control) & they are not 24 hours (which is also out of their control since PetSmart itself is not open 24/7)
4	As much as I dislike shopping at the big chain stores, in a pinch, this place has what I'm looking for at any given time.  I do appreciate that they host adoption events, and they hold cats from local rescues in the store everyday, so other than my wishing the cats had more room to roam (yes, I know, unfortunately it's not really practical in a retail space) - this store gets my approval.  Everything is clean, the dog training classes are well-managed, most of the popular items are well-stocked, and most of the employees can actually help when asked for assistance.  I also like that you can donate money to shelters right at the register when you're paying, so there aren't any extra transactions.  I've only had one or two experiences with the vets in the Banfield Veterinary side, but the staff was nice, helpful, and accommodating - despite wanting to upsell some of the procedures and pushing to schedule future visits.  This store also has a grooming room, which seems to always be busy, so I can only assume they are thorough and attentive to the dogs brought in - however I have no personal experience with it.  Overall, while I'd rather shop at the local pet stores, if I can't find what I want there, I'll come here, and I have yet to have an unpleasant experience!
5	After adopting our new puppy Petsmart has been a frequent stop for both me and my boyfriend, and frankly we have been pleasantly surprised with the level of customer service at this location.  When we arrived with out new dog the cashier remembered that we were getting a puppy and was so excited to see her! We made out way to the food where another team member helped us pick out the perfect food for our new pup, and then we migrated to the crate area where the manager approached us after noticing our confused looks with all the crate options.  He then took us to the toy aisle, helped us pick out training treats, found a shampoo for our girl and brought all of it to the register for us.  Needless to say we left thinking "that was a great experience!"Since then I have made a few pit stops for random items.  One of them being carpet cleaner for pet stains, I had one in mind but the cashier actually recommended a better brand (which I opted for) and when I got home I googled reviews stating it was the better product and has worked great for us.  Yesterday I went to buy chewing treats to help with her puppy teething, I was checking out, rawhide treats in hand, when the cashier casually mentioned that rawhide at such a young age (or ever) may not be the best choice for a number of reasons.  He escorted me to better choices and I feel much more comfortable being more informed and giving our puppy a better option.All of the little things combined are why I rate this location so highly.  I appreciate the knowledge and genuine interest that their employees have for my pet.
4	Was with my friend and her dog Jack and he needed his nails cut & grinded, to me that sounds a little rough, but I guess it's like a big file for the dogs, so Jack got his nails done, then we wandered around the store, and let me tell you if there is any pet need you have, Im sure Pet Smart can handle it!They had kittens, puppies, birds and other animals, if you want a hermit crab they have homes & food for it too, sadly I was unable to find me some sea monkeys to take home as a pet, since they seem more my speed . hahaNeed kennels, cages, leashes, food or water bowls, cat scratching post, cat & dog toys they got it too! Just don't tell my cat Buttercup, because she has enough haha Need crickets to feed your animals or even just food to feed your pet, yea you can get it there too!Pet Smart is a great store to get all your pet needs covered!
1	What a total lack of responsibility!  My 10 year old saved and saved to buy his 1st aquarium.  We took our time and got the tank stable and happy.  We purchased a couple of fish at this store last Friday.  They died the 1st day, and then the rest of the fish all died of a horrible fungus within a few days thereafter.We went to our usual store on Gilbert and Germain where we explained what happened.  Mary (the Manager) and Stephanie, were fantastic.  They explained that the fish we purchased probably had a bacterial infection.  When I told them that the sick fish came from their other store, they explained that there was nothing that they could do, and called the other store.  The Manager on Chandler Blvd told Stephanie that they would not do anything for us.  They also made it very clear that the infection most likely came from the new fish.I want to commend they staff at Gilbert and Germain.  They were very kind and understanding to my son, and warn everyone NEVER to buy fish (or anything else) from the Petsmart on Chandler Blvd and the 101!  The sell diseased fish and take no responsibility for their actions.My son learned a hard lesson about customer service, responsibility, and integrity and is looking forward to sharing his experience with all who will listen!Again..  DO NOT buy live animals at the Petsmart on Chandler Blvd and the 101!
5	I was having serious barking problems with my dog. We had initially went to the store to get a barking zap collar to stop him. We ended up talking to the dog trainer Becky. She was so helpful and she was able to determine that our dog has anxiety and she gave us so many helpful tips. She had us try the pheromone collar and also had us get our dog a few interactive dog toys to keep him busy while we crate him. We will be trying her 6 week training program as well.
5	This is my favorite Petsmart. They have so many adoptable animals and the layout is very simple to navigate. It's always clean and customer service is great. I'm glad to live close by again.
5	I love this Petsmart. I've been here every Sunday since I've gotten my crazy dog over a month ago. Puppy training, puppy adoptions, puppy coupons...puppies.Love it.
1	Don't come here if you want friendly service... or service at all. We came in to pick out some more fish to add to our aquarium. After looking around for a few minutes and choosing - without any staff offering to help even when they walked by and made eye contact - we then waited to have our fish taken from the tank. I made eye contact with an employee (girl with shoulder length brown hair). Instead of coming to help, she looked at me, moved from her lounging position near the register, and started walking the opposite direction. So, giving her the benefit of the doubt that maybe she has bad eyesight, I walked over and politely asked if we could have some help because we want to purchase fish. She smirked and smugly said "yeah sure" then walked away. We were so insulted by her absolute lack of courtesy that we left. Not only did she leave us hanging, she left her coworker to handle the line of customers while she leaned near the counter and/or actively avoided helping customers. Further proof that large corporate chains aren't worth a thing. We should've known better. Oh well, I guess I should say thank you to the horrible, awful employee for proving to is that we should never shop at any Petsmart again.
1	I don't buy my dog food here, I don't buy my dog treats here, and now I will NEVER AGAIN have my dog's nails done here. I visited 9/29/14 to have my dogs Zeke and Lady get their nails buffed down. To put the issue simply, the employee who did their nails clipped their nails and then buffed them slightly to make it look like they were buffed. Think about that for a minute. Before you claim "crazy dog lady", let me explain. I have clippers and talc powder at home and could clip and dab the ends if they bleed, if I wanted to. I normally clip Lady's nails because hers are short and acceptable to be clipped without pain. However, Zeke has longer nails which I choose to buff to make the quick go down so that in future, they will be clippable without pain at home.That being said, I repeat, my newest rescue dog, Zeke, has VERY long nails due to neglect before I adopted him. His nails cannot be cut without bleeding. I know this because when I adopted him, 2 months ago, I tried to clip one slightly, and it bled profusely. Talc powder solved that, and is not a big deal, but still, I learned they needed to be buffed until they are short enough to be cut. I very specifically requested they be buffed for this reason. However, they took both dogs one by one right behind their closed door (which has never been done anywhere else), and I HEARD them clipping. Everytime the door opened, I caught a glimpse of my dogs, so yes, I knew it was my dog's nails being clipped. I heard Zeke yelp at least twice, which is what crossed the line for me. I could deal with the ignorance in ignoring my request, but when I hear my dog yelping because you ignored my request, I'm ticked off.When I asked the employee who did their nails why I heard her clipping them, explaining Zeke's nails were clearly too long to be cut without pain, she replied "No they're not, they were just fine. It takes a really long time to buff them. How do they look?" Two things wrong with this picture. 1.) I ASKED them to be buffed, PLAIN AND SIMPLE and 2.) You think talking back to me, clearly admitting you clipped them because you were busy, is going to make me change my mind about wanting them buffed? Oh, and the nails are all different lengths, so they look horrible!After leaving, I did call Matt, the shift manager, and he followed the problem solving regiment precisely. He was polite and offered a refund which I declined. I explained that I would like the employee spoken to and to be made aware that customer's requests are first before your own time constraints. Thank you, Matt, for that. I will not be visiting this location for any reason ever again and will notify my friends of these practices.
1	I am very disappointed by this store. The cashier decided it was appropriate to tell me that pit bulls don't get adopted because of their "tendencies" & then goes on to tell me how pitbulls will turn on their owners without any warning at all... All this while petting my well behaved adopted pitbull. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? It was extremely rude & terrible customer service. I stopped smiling & backed away, but she just kept yammering on spewing false accusations & false information that continues to damn this breed. Petsmart where pets are family... Unless they are a pitbull.  I can not in good conscious continue to spend my money at petsmart, I'll be going to Pet Planet from here on out.
