3	3 stars instead of 4 because there have been some less-than-amazing experiences with other techs, but overall I love this place and will continue to patronize them. If I could do 3.5, I would.----This has been my go-to nail salon and (non-intimate) wax place since... well, I can't remember how long. Quite possibly the five years I have worked in this area.Stacy and Vicki are, by far, some of the best techs in Vegas. Whether I bring them a newbie or a seasoned vet, they know just what to do and how. One girlfriend is particularly ticklish... so her pedicures are entertaining to say the least. The girls of Borgata are fabulous and handle her giggles and shrieks with aplomb.They will do what you like, how you like it, and not push on to you what you don't care for (style, technique, creative) or don't need. They will *offer* additional services, but it is not a game and it is never done to take your money. They want you happy and that is apparent. They take however much time is needed and focus on providing a premium service at a not-so-premium price. I never feel rushed, I always feel like their best customer, and it's easy on the pocketbook.The spa chairs for the pedicures are comfortable and well-maintained; the massage feature is a must. The decor is simple, tasteful, and inviting. The color scheme is both a little trendy and classic all at once. I keep pushing Vicki and Stacy as they are the best. There are other techs for various things but I have never been as happy. Example: I have been waxed here as well and, as long as it's Stacy or Vicki, I am good. There was one other woman (I wish I remembered her name) who did a really poor job. It didn't stop me from returning, I am just more careful about who handles my services.They also offer skin services but I have yet to try them.
5	The staff was very friendly. I was a little put off when I was signing in and they kept asking questions (why have a sign in sheet then) but once I sat down it was awesome. They did upsell me on white tips but it was okay because I was debating about getting them anyway. I got nails, spa pedicure, eyebrows waxed and lip waxed for just over $60 and that with upgrades...definitely will go there again.
4	I come here every other Friday night while my daughter does gymnastics to get my gel mani done. The staff always gets me right in and the price is decent ($25). I plan to have a pedi next week. They are nice, play decent music, and have a good selection in colors. One star off because they don't offer beverages (not mandatory, but always a plus) and use UV curing lamps instead of LED, which is faster and safer for your skin. Overall, I like them and will continue to come here.
4	They are awesome!! They take their time with you and are very honest. I had a design in mind for my gel nails and the technician explained that the gel polish can make the design smudge. Really happy with their work and you can't beat their prices:)
2	This place is gross ! I got a pedicure done and it felt rushed and my French tip was badly done . Besides that, the stations were horrible and the pedicure chairs were old and ripped up . The tub where you put your feet did not looked like they have been washed and to top,it off the towels they used where all raggedy and ripped up .
5	Holy. Crap. finally, a salon that won't talk about you in vietnamese.absolutely amazing the level of unprofessional-ism in las vegas. i would know, i'm a vietnamese nail tech, i just so happen to look filipino. good work too, not absolutely amazing but my standards are pretty high. go here, they are clean. I know proper sanitation techniques and they perform them all, wash the bowl, let solution sit for about 10 minutes, clean up the bowl. they have a sanitation area right in front of you that they take the tools out of, and it works...
