5	5 stars for saving my day! I had a wedding to attend last night and needed to be on the road by 4:30. I had an appointment at another salon for 2:15 for just an up-do with the plan that I would be home by 3:30 and on to getting ready. At 2:10, the appointment was canceled. I was panicked!! I can not do my own hair, at all. I can barely brush it, seriously. So I had to find someone that could help me. I drove past El Bella and spun a u-turn and stopped in. I was in dirty, bum-around clothes, I had no appointment and I needed an up-do fast. They told me they could do it and at 2:30 I sat down and was out in 45 minutes, so still on schedule!David did a wonderful job on my hair. I told him what I wanted, all up with some curl and he suggested we actually curl half right up on top and then leave half down with curl. He was right! It looked great, it held all night long even through dancing and the price was perfect ($35 for a walk-in emergency up-do?!). I got tons of compliments from people and I felt lovely. The building is nice and clean, very open and bright and is a good-sized place. I will definitely come back for other services and more hair services!
5	I've been going to El Bella now for several years and won't go anywhere else. I've had bad experiences at several different places now where my toe has gotten infected from getting a pedicure. Never at El Bella though! They always take their time and give a really long foot and leg massage. They always have plenty of color choices, magazines and comfy chairs. It's always been very clean inside and they always ask  if you would like something to drink. My husband even goes there as much as I do. I feel like my money is well spent when I go to El Bella and have bought several gift certificates for people so they could try them too. I only wish they would play different music, but other then that, I will go back and never go to another spa.
4	Always a pleasant atmosphere!  My wife and I love it!  Say hi to Samatha at the front desk..........
3	Summary-This is a glorified nail salon. I enjoy coming here for a manicure or pedicure. The massage was great. I would never get a facial here again.I was given a gift certificate for the El Bella Retreat which consisted of a 1 hour massage, european facial, manicure and pedicure. I was looking forward to my spa day. I got there and everyone was super friendly. First up was my massage. Typically when I have gotten a massage I'm taken to a dressing room with a locker so I can change and put my clothes, purse, etc in a locker. At El Bella I had to change in the room where I was given my massage. Not a big deal but when you go to a "day spa" you tend to have certain expectations. The massage was wonderful though. Very thorough and relaxing. The massage tech asked plenty of questions and did a great job. After the massage was done I put on a robe and carried all of my stuff to the facial room. This was the part that was most disappointing. The girl who gave me my facial didn't ask any questions. She just came in and started on my face. The worst part was when she took some metal tool and started digging for blackheads without warning. I've never experienced that before and it was quite painful. After her applying and removing several different creams she finished and I dressed. The manicure and pedicure were great. In fact I've been back a few times since for manicures and pedicures.
1	I booked an appointment at the last minute after a stressful day.  Surprised that I was able to get in for a massage and facial so late. My usual spa was booked. The massage was fine, relaxing even though the stones did not heat up until about half way into the hour.  Th facial was a very unrelaxing experience though.  When I went into the room the aesthetician told me to take off the robe and lay down.  She just stood there and I had to tell her that I had just had a massage and was not dressed under the robe.  Instead of leaving the room she just held the blanket up while I shed the robe and got on the table.  She then shined the light in my eyes and when I attempted to shield them she said just close your eyes.  I have never had anyone do that before. They usually put cucumbers or cool pads over your eyes to shield them while they look at your skin.  She was constantly trying to up sell me during the facial.  Although I am used to this in nail salons it is not something that I have experienced during a facial or massage.  She asked me twice if I wanted my eyebrows waxed and then asked if I wanted a mani and pedi.  She put a mask on me and left me laying ther for 15 minutes.  Again, at other spas ,  they alway massage my hands or feet when the masks are setting, this girl just sat there for about fifteen minutes.  At the end of the facial (it was supposed to be an hour and it was 45 minutes including the 15 minutes waiting on the mask to set). She told me to lay there, that there was another "5 minutes of relaxation included" and she left the room.  I got up and got dressed, afterall, I can relax at home.  When I didn't tip her the receptionist asked if something was wrong and I told her, she never offered to get the manager or apologized.
5	My mother in law and I went to the day spa as a retreat for my birthday. Everyone was extremely accommodating as we were running almost an hour late due to unforeseen "hiccups".  Our facials, done by Qu, and massages, done by a wonderful lady from England,  were truly amazing. My new set of nails look beautiful! (And I'm super picky!) I will definitely be back. I have been to multiple salons and this is my favorite! I highly recommend scheduling here for all your needs. Thank you to everyone for an amazing birthday. See you soon!
2	I really wanted to like this place because it's so close to my house and I like to support local businesses, however, I was pretty disappointed with 2 out of 3 of my services here. My husband bought me a spa package for a massage, facial and nails. Like reviewer Kelly G., I also had Q for a facial and a lady with a British accent for the massage. The massage was just ok, but my major compliant was that the masseuse talked the whole time. I think that she should have assumed I wasn't interested in talking through my entire massage as I gave her one word answers to her question after question. For example, "do you have siblings?" If I wanted to talk to someone about my siblings, it wouldn't be during what was supposed to be a relaxing massage I'm paying for! Also, the problem areas I told her about were not fixed in the least. I left annoyed and with the same back soreness.The worst by far was the facial. Q rushed through the whole thing and was not at all gentle. At times I felt like she was smacking my neck. It was also gross and awkward how many times she poured out a pail of water and had to walk around me to refill it. If the salon is going to have a facial station, they should reconfigure so that the sink is near the esthetician. When I asked her what products she was using or what she was doing to my face next, there was a language barrier and I didn't get an answer. So lame. My 1 hour facial ended up being 45 minutes and I was glad to get out there, I really felt like I was just a chore she was trying to hurry and finish. The nail services were totally fine and I may go back for that service only. In general, I think these issues could at least be improved if the owner/manager worked with the staff to make the salon more professional.
1	I was coming in from out of town for a wedding.  I wanted a full service salon.  I booked a massage and paid for 90 minutes.  What I got was a so-so massage and construction noise from next door, drilling, nailing, talking all during the massage.  Why book massages if that will happen, at least could have told me beforehand.I then had my eyebrows waxes and she pulled part of skin off and I have scabs. Had a shampoo and blowout and the person told me she didnt do blowouts but was going to try!? Really?  Mani and Pedi were mediocre.  Would never go back.
2	Hhhhmp.  I had a big fat gift certificate to use here and so I made an appointment for a salon cut and style and a pedicure.  What a let down.  Firstly let me say that the lady that cut my hair spent a few minutes examining my hair and asking me how I care for it and wear it, which was a good sign that she was gonna really listen to me and what kind of cut I needed and wanted.  Sadly it ended there.  We went from the hair wash station to the cutting chair where she asked me if she could take 2 to 3 inches off, and I said okay.  So she started cutting, and cutting and cutting and then she asked me to stand up because my hair is so long she needed to cut even more of it so it would clear the back of the hair.  Folks, believe me, she cut off far more than 2 to 3 inches.  Next thing I know the receptionist brings over a woman and introduces her as the technician's next appointment and then seats her about 5 feet away from us.  This must've put the stylist into a tizzy time wise because now she subtly complaining about how thick my hair is and how she's struggling to blow dry it all out and straighten it.  Ironically my hair is 90% already, except for a small wavy part in the very back. Then I heard her quickly say something about thinning it out in the back and the next thing I know she's thinning out huge sections of my hair in the back without even confirming that this is what I wanted!!  I didn't know what to think.  I asked her what was gonna happen when I tried to put my hair in a ponytail now and she assured me that I won't be able to tell, because she cut it all out of the center of my hair (?) but still, shouldn't she have asked me if it was okay first?  I assume she did it because my thick hair was taking too long to blow dry and she was pressed for time.   Anyway, she finished off the styling that she decided I wanted on my hair and turned me out if the chain and pointed me in the direction to go pay.  Never once did she ask me what style I wanted that day, she just basically cut my hair and blow dried it straight.  I had to go home and curl my hair the way I'd hope was included in my visit that day when I asked for a cut and style.  What a disappointment.Then I went to get my pedicure.  The place was jam packed with ladies trying to get their nails done before Easter so I knew I was gonna be rushed in and out of there, whatever.  Well my pedicure went fine and dandy all the way up to the point that I pulled my feet out from under the UV drying light and looked down at them only to see that they were dull and flat with no shiny top coat at all.  I showed them to the guy that directs the customers to the different nail techs and he went and got the lady that did my toes (she was already working on someone else) and she said I probably just chose a flat color.  Huh?  What??  A flat color?  First off I only had the vaguest recollection of ever knowing that such a thing even exists, but secondly, shouldn't flat nail polish colors be in a different section, or clearly marked or something so this doesn't happens??  So she gave me a second coat of clear polish over the top really quick (which promptly wrinkled my flat nail polish and make it look worse) and I left out of there extremely disappointed in the whole experience.  I still have a huge balance on my gift certificate and I'm not sure what spa experience I want to try next.  I'm almost afraid of more disappointment.  :(
1	El INCONVENIENT Bella Problem experience #1 - I was given a gift certificate for Christmas some time ago... It was originally for a VIP pedicure but I asked if I could get a manicure instead and that was fine. The gel polish chipped after a few days, so I went back and they fixed it, no big deal I thought. Except I had to wait for the original girl that did my manicure to fix it - a 30 minute wait. Problem #2 - I showed up on a Saturday, with no appointment, nor did the three women behind me have an appointment, yet they were taken back right away. Hmmm... So I got up and asked how much longer would it be? The man with the tattooed arms said oh did you pick a color? I said I want gel polish, he then seated me - with a woman who didn't know how to apply it!!! So I already had been waiting 20 mins out front, then another ten to be told the technician didn't know how. So I got up and left. However, the fool that I am, called for an appointment the next day, and the tattooed man even apologized to me. So I figured, ok, they made it right.(Months go by with the occasional pop in for a fill, no issues, never really got the wow factor, but close to home)Last and third problem EVER- calling in on a Friday for a Saturday appointment (because I've learned my lesson) I made an appointment for a basic fill and a hair cut after being asked if the nails were all I needed, so I said why not, I'll splurge! I walked in Saturday at 2pm as per SAMANTHA, the front desk woman who made the appointment over the phone had said when my appointment would be. The girl behind the counter didn't even say hi, asked what I was in for and I gave her my name. A few seconds and clicks of the keyboard later, She asked again what I was there for and how to spell my name. At this point the impression was that my appointment made with Samantha the day prior was not saved perhaps? So the girl said ok, we will be right with you with a puzzled look on her face still. I sat down and Samantha came over to ask me about the backfill she assumed I wanted. I stated no, basic acrylic fill, regular polish and a clear gel top coat. (She was standing at the counter while the girl was figuring out if I truly had an appointment or not, so I know she heard me) SAMANTHA proceeded to tell me that "customers" don't do that. Hmmm... Your brochure of services states that you do. Then she proceeded to explained to me why "customers" don't do that, which I took as to what I wanted was a HUGE INCONVENIENCE to the technician. I simply stated that was all I wanted and as someone who has been in several times before and had the same thing done, why was it such a problem now? So SAMANTHA, turned to the tattooed man, made a face, then he said "come here" in a tone that made me feel so un-welcomed. I got up, walked towards him, and said "Nevermind, this isn't the first time I've had issues with this place" and I left. I ended up going down the street, spending much more on my nails then I had anticipated spending at El RUDE Bella and was extremely happy, I also went to Great Clips and spent less then half of what I was going to spend at El INCONVENIENT Bella for my hair cut and it was wonderful, I suggest you go see Chelsea at Great clips on Chandler Heights and Higley. AMAZE.  (I will say that two weeks prior I had brought my sister in with me, we had fills and polish done, both of us stunned they wanted to charge $15 just for clear gel top coat when the brochure said $5. We chalked it up to a language barrier, but they speak fine English.)Needless to say, I'm never going back, and if yelp doesn't get through to them, I will be mailing a letter to the owners and BBB.
4	Wow, I'm surprised to see the negative reviews. I came here through a recommendation from a friend when my hair stylist wasn't available. I made an appointment with Stacy. The reservation process was easy and they worked to accommodate my schedule. It's a bit nerve-wracking when you need to update your color with someone who has never set eyes on your hair before! Stacy took her time to look at my hair discuss options and then took me back to the hair washing chair. Let me take a minute here and discuss these chairs. You know how painful it can be to put your head in a hair washing sink?? Your head or neck can be bruised for days after. Not here. I could sleep in these chairs. They have some sort of support in the sink that holds your head perfectly so no discomfort at all. Stacy did a great job updating my color and highlights then gave a me a great cut. I've been back three time since and happy each time. I've started bringing my boys in for their haircuts too. Huge bonus that the salon is 5 minutes from my house! I only gave 4/5 stars since I haven't tried any of the other services and probably won't since I love my nail salon. But if I were to rate Stacy, the hair services, the reception staff and the cost it would be 5 stars!
5	I have been going here for awhile now, I have used just about every nail tech and they are all great. I usually dont make appointments even when they are really busy on a Sunday I have never waited longer than 15 minutes. Very clean and relaxing! Massage, wax and gel coat mani with VIP pedicure is my usual setup. Great place with good people.
4	Okay, I went back to use up the balance on my gift certificate and this next visit was MUCH-O BETTER-O.  This time I got the same hair stylist and she took more time to ask me what I wanted done and explain what she was gonna so and to style my hair properly, not just rush me out of there as fast as she could.  I was a lot happier with the results this time.  A LOT.  I also got another pedicure with better results this time too. They have redeemed themselves to me.  :)
2	My husband bought me a spa package from El Bella Day Spa for my birthday. I'm not a Salon Spa Snob by any means - but I was not impressed at all with the services. My facial was ok, my massage was ok nothing to write home about, my mani and pedi was just fine. What I am getting at is that if you want a completely sub-par spa experience then by all means go here. I would recommend springing for a few extra bucks and head over to a real spa. The last thing that took me by surprise was the unprofessionalism between the manicurists and the front desk staff. They were snapping back and forth between each other in front of customers. Very unprofessional and I felt awkward in that situation. For what was supposed to be a relaxing day - I did not end up leaving relaxed. I don't think I'll be back despite in being right around the corner from power ranch.
4	I was recommended here by a friend specifically for eyelash extensions. I got Irene. Whom let me say does the best job I have ever seen. She takes her time and is so sweet. One day on an emergency she wasn't available so they gave me another woman whom I do not remember her name. What I do remember is her burping right above me and doesn't even bother to excuse herself and look away to do it. So for anyone who wants their eyelashes done, I highly recommend Irene.
1	My review is for WAXING ONLY. I haven't tried any of their other services. I've been waxing for years and have never had a bad experience until I came here. They say everyone has one waxing horror story, this was mine. I wanted to get a full body wax before my wedding so I wouldn't have hair in my wedding photos or have to shave on my honeymoon. They put me in a tiny, tacky little room (not much of a "spa" experience) with the waxer. Before I could even have a chance to tell her how I like my eyebrows shaped she had wax on my face. Needless to say, my eyebrows were much thinner than I would have liked them for my wedding. She continued to wax my arms, legs, etc and it was SO painful I couldn't stand it. I get waxed all the time and usually hardly experience pain at all. There was no way I was letting this woman anywhere near my Brazilian so I literally got up in the middle of my session and went somewhere else to have everything finished. The worst part is, they charged me for the entire thing even though I didn't have her finish and I had an awful experience. For hair and nails these guys might be fine but don't ever go for waxing. I got home, looked at my eyebrows and cried. Thankfully my make up artist for my wedding saved the day and was able to fill them in quite a bit!
5	My girlfriend & I both love this place. We started going to El Bella about a year ago.  We have both had brow wax/tint, pedi's, hair salon services, & she has had mani's as well.  As far as the facility goes, its nice & clean.  We've surly been in worse by far.  The front staff is always very accommodating & friendly.  When it comes to the nail techs, they are all great, all though one in particular is both of our favorite, she is Vicky.  She also does the waxing/tainting, She's the BOMB!  I have had a couple haircuts there as well.  Both were very good.  My gf has had both cuts & color work done as well.  She was pleased when the stylist had finished.I see some pretty negative reviews here, not sure why.  Maybe this all took place before we started to come here, or just on days that we were there were good ones.  From our experience (I have spent a lot of years around the hair/nail industry all thought either of us work in it) I am not sure what more one could ask for.  Bottom line, the staff is GREAT, the quality of the service is EXCELLENT, the place is always CLEAN, and the prices are completive.Thanks El Bella for a job well done!
1	I have been to this spa four times in the past few months, all for pedicures.  Unfortunately, I cannot go back there.  The first time I went, I was with a friend who was NOT impressed with her polish application.  She was from out of town so I was a little disappointed she wasn't happy.  Nevertheless, I went again on Mother's day with my daughter who is almost 6.  We had an enjoyable time, except that I had the distinct feeling they were fighting over who DIDN'T have to do my daughter's nails.  I even watched as the one assigned to my daughter saw her and then started on another lady who had arrived about 20 minutes after us.  The owner/manager appeared upset with this worker, but she didn't seem to care that my daughter had been waiting about 30 minutes at that point.  We then were scheduled by my MIL to go again for pedis, my daughter included.  This time there was a lot of 'chatter' about my daughter, her age, and who was going to get 'stuck' with her.  My daughter is a well behaved 5 year old.  She sits still and listens to what they ask her to do.  I decided after their rude behavior towards her, I would not be bringing my daughter back there and will chose another place for when we do spa days together.  The final straw was today.  I went back to get a pedicure before vacation and it was BY FAR the most painful pedicure I have ever had.  I have short toenails as mine are very thin and tear easily.  The woman trimmed them even shorter and then CUT open 2 of my toes!  I was full on bleeding!  She then decided to file the ends of my nails which was unbearably painful and has left file marks on my skin.  When I mentioned the pain, her response was that I should have had them trim my nails instead of myself as they were 'too short'.  I explained they tear easily and I didn't trim them, but she just kept on filing.  I won't be back.  I won't let anyone I know personally go there.  They don't care about the quality of work, they just want to get  you in and out.
1	I have been going to el Bella for over a year, their customer service is awful!  I have made appts to get my hair & nails a few days in advance, when I get there it is a different story!  Once I was told they are to busy to do my nails,  today they forgot about my nail appt so I sat in a pedi chair for 45 mins waiting for a technician.  I have had to have gel nails removed because fungus outbreaks, which were applied there and filled every 2 weeks there.  Their only focus there is $$$$$.....not interested customer satisfaction.  I will not go back.....the bummer with that is I really liked my hair stylist, but not worth the hassle of crappy service!
4	Nice salon. Many services that can be completed. Clean and friendly. On time with clients which is nice!!! They don't try to over sell products. Love that!
5	I love this place!!  I don't get to go as often as I like, but this place never disappoints.  Every year we send the boys here for Father's day and every year they love it.  I go myself for a massage or a facial a few times per year and recently had my first hair cut and style and loved it.  The staff is very accommodating.  Even when my six year old wanted to go for her birthday they were so great.  They set up a "couples" massage because she is too young to go alone, and she and I had a great experience.  The spa has an upscale feel but the prices are very reasonable.  I'll be back!!
5	It may be a little pricey than other nail salons, but I've been coming here for 5 years with no problems. Quick pedi and leave and full treatment with hot stone massage and paraffin treatment. great at waxing too. They remember you and your name and and all super friendly!
5	I have been coming to El Bella for over a year and I am VERY happy with all of the services I've had.I drive about 15 miles from my house to come here specifically.  I haven't had the massage service but the facials, peels, waxing, pedicures and nails are all wonderful!!The spa is clean and their product seem to be better than other salons I've been to. I would recommend El Bella to anyone looking for a relaxing experience!
5	I went to the new Chandler location on New Years Eve and had my hair colored and highlighted by Emily. She is a sweet person and really detailed oriented with the color/highlights. I really love what she did and I will definitely be returning for a touch up in 5 weeks.  I also have an appointment for a gel mani and pedicure this week so I will post on that as well. This salon took over the space that La Bella Salon was in- it's been changed big time. Very clean- the manicure utensils are microwave and the pedi chairs are glass which means less chances for an infection.  Can't wait for this Thursday!
