3	The Palio Pronto....I have passed this little food place a thousand times.It serves home made gellato,.....   pastries, sandwiches ......   and a variety of expresso.Their chicken Panini is excellent.It is located at the Las Vegas Blvd. street entrance to the Bellagio.To the right side of the fountainsjust to the right of the escalators.........I'm sure you have gone by it a thousand times like me .....It is worth a stop.I only stopped because I thought a little snack while waiting for the next view of the fountains was in order.I was suprised at how good it was.I was suprised at the variety of what was available in such a small area.You will be as well .....
2	I just randomly passed this place and wanted to get a croissant.I got their dulce de leche croissant, it was very stale, served cold and not crispy at all.  Do yourself a favor and walk down to Jean Philippe Patisserie and get your baked goods there!!
5	THE best Gelato in Vegas. PERIOD. My husband and I tried a few. This is hands down THE BEST!!  Very smooth and creamy. Went on two separate occasions. Tried the lemon first, then coconut. Both absolutely delish!!!
4	On my way to Qua at Caesars Palace stopped here to grab a bite to eat. They had an bacon and egg brioch that was perfect for my spa day!!The gelato looked nice too!I'd definitely stop by again if passing thru or even at the fountains.
4	Ordered the tiramisu since I had a craving for something sweet. Steep at $6.50 but cheaper than at restaurants. Tiramisu was absolutely delicious!!!! Pure goodness in every bite. But the shell was no bueno for me. Got sick from it since it was way to rich for me (Was on Paleo before visiting Palio, haha). Would get it again but avoid the chocolate shell.
2	After dinner I decided to walk along the Strip for a while to see some sight and relax.  On my way back to Bellagio from Caesar's, I noticed Palio Pronto out of the corner of my eye.  I didn't have dessert with dinner, so I decided to indulge in some treats before heading back to my room.  I ordered a chocolate dipped waffle cone with Choc. Chip gelato and a Oatmeal Raisin Crumble Cookie.  The cone was good, I don't think it was fresh but it's hard to go wrong with a chocolate dipped cone.  The gelato was creamy and smooth, I wish there would have been more choc. Chip pieces in the mix though, it would have been even better.  The Oatmeal Raisin Crumble Cookie wasn't the best... it was a bit dry for my taste and the raisins slid right off the top of the cookie, bummer!  Those two items with a water were $16.  I know it's LV, but that is steep!Not sure that I would recommend a visit to this snack location.  I don't think I will make the stop again.
1	The fad of the $10.00 cup of watered down coffee and sticky bun has certainly taken off, but dam If I will continue to pay these rediculous prices not to mention deal with the dumbest way to pick up a cup of coffee in history of man.Small Cafe / Bakery / Coffee place in shops of Bellagio off the main elevators with some tables for a quick coffe. Etc. Unfortunately nothing is quick here.  Nobody sitting but line is into the hallway. The ordering process is slow  for whatever reason... and a simple Cafe Americana $4.00 and Bun $6.00 well took 10 minutes. Why NO CLUE.   Each order is then given to 1 person to make and serve the coffee at the end. So if 4 people in front of you order double mocha chino cappuchinos with Soy etc.. (just an example)  your simple pour my coffee in a container and hand it to me goes in the back of the line behind all the exotics.  After waiting 10 minutes I finally said I simply ordered a black cup of coffee Sorry sir they are taken in order.   Not to mention 4 people taking orders 1 person filling them NICE!Coffee itself was scalding hot - but weak like dirty dish water .. Sticky bun was actually good but between the ordering system, filling the orders.. prices and terrible coffee anything more than 1 Star would be a gift..  NOPE... EL PASO!
5	Casino/ bar hopping can be fun. And along the way you may want to grab something on your way through them all. This is a great spot to stop into. They have a variety of pastries to choose from. All of which look yummy although I didn't indulge. I did get a drink from this place. They offer vodka mixed with this really good tangerine beverage. It's really really good. On top of that they aren't stingy with the alcohol if you want that extra kick. I will visit this location again when I visit.
2	I did not enjoy this place very much. I ordered a ham and cheese brioche because they didn't have anymore bacon and egg ones. I also ordered a quiche Lorraine and my husband ordered a tropical fruit parfait. The brioche was not appetizing as I felt like I was dissecting something.  The ham was chopped into tiny pieces (photos included in this review). I don't recommend this brioche for someone that doesn't like too much texture in their food. The quiche was mediocre. The tropical fruit parfait was tasty but very nutty so if you like alot of nuts in a parfait then I do recommend it.  I probably would not return for food St this place but they do have many small options if you're hungry and on the go.
3	This place cashes in on its location in the Ballaggio, right inside the door off the strip (I'm referring to the take out counter with the pastries and gelatos in it). Since the family and I did SO much walking while in Vegas, when we got to this location, hubby was "starving" and the colorful mounds of gelato in the display case caught his eye. He purchased a big cone for himself and another for one of our kids.The price of the gelato cones was astronomical. Granted, the scoops were really generous but still! I forget how much the 2 cones came to, but hubby and I were really taken aback and talked for a while afterwards how expensive this place was, even for Vegas standards (I think the total cost for the 2 cones was a bit over $12).Also, my kid went to Italy last summer and her verdict of the gelato here was "it's not legit". She said it was more like a good ice cream rather than gelato. Since she likes ice cream, she ate it all and loved it, but she said it wasn't a real gelato. My hubby never had real gelato so he couldn't comment on its authenticity, but he loved the cone and devoured it.
