3	This is a fine hotel near the airport.  The best thing about it is that it is right across the street from the new Wxyz bar at the Aloft (half kidding).  I recall you have to go cut into the hallway to some rooms from seperate entrances, which was annoying.  But, for Hilton properties near the airport, this was a great option.
4	Very nice hotel after it's remodeling; the gym is spacious and clean, the staff is really nice, and the room is great! They provide a lot of amenities (for a Sheraton) like slippers, loofah, and when I told the staff I forgot my toothbrush, they brought me a toiletry packet! Very kind and courteous staff. At a special rate of $99, this is a steal.
4	I wound up here due to some poor planning for the Formula 1 race in June, when all of Montreal proper was completely sold out.Positive points- The staff are exceptional. Very warm, friendly, and willing to go above and beyond for SPG members.- Complimentary shuttle service dropoff to the Metro for Formula 1, and timely airport shuttle service.- Nicely appointed roomsNegative points- Location, location, location! If you have any intentions of going to Montreal, rent a car or expect a 50-dollar cab ride each way. You *could* take the airport shuttle and then the 747 bus, but that's 90+ minutes you'll never get back from your life.- Formula 1 shuttle pickups (contracted by the hotel, not actual hotel shuttles) were poorly organized, and left me languishing in a dodgy part of the city until I did the aforementioned 747 bus.- Restaurant/bar were somewhat tired and sad-looking, and fairly overpriced.Oh - and be sure to ask which direction you should walk to your room once you get off the lift. The hotel is a huge oval with suitcase-unfriendly carpet.All in all, the property was nice for the reasons I needed it, and if I ever happen to need to overnight by the airport, I'll be there. Otherwise, it's not for a Montreal trip.
3	Standard airport hotel.Clean, recently updated rooms that feature large flat scree TVs, modern bathrooms with walk-in showers, and king beds (at least my room on the fourth floor featured all this).  Their beds and linens are fabulous!  Great bedding for the cold winter months.  The internet access is relatively cheap ($4.95 CAD) and fast.  The restaurant downstairs is ok, pretty standard, nothing spectacular, but not bad at all.  Parking is ridiculously expensive ($12.50/day for a poorly lit, not salted lot), but it seems to be at every Montreal hotel.  No major complaints, solid pick if you need to be by the airport and don't care about the fact there are zero restaurants or bars in the immediate area.
3	Eh, ok?  As a lifetime Starwood Platinum Preferred Guest, I have seen my fair share of Sheratons.  This property is a long list of properties that *wood has bought and is trying to turn around.  This was my first stay here, and with a newer *wood property literally right across the street, I wonder why I stayed here.They have tried to modernize a tired airport hotel location with the marble and dark wood hard lines that Sheraton has done elsewhere.  I don't mean to be a hater, but the outside makes me want to watch an episode of The Jetsons, er I mean The Jeffersons.My room was fine, by modern Sheraton standards.  My best advice for anyone who wants to sleep is to ask for an ODD numbered room. I was in 522 and I had a prime view of the runway - and heard every plane that was taking off.The club lounge - for those that can get in - is big and offers a free "dinner".  The u-shaped bar has a big TV in the middle and is where the non-*wood elites hang out and pay for their drinks N food.
3	I was here two years ago when it was managed by a different company, and the Sheraton gave the hotel a face lift.  It's much nicer now!On the down side, this was the first time I've ever asked for a room, and been given an occupied room.  Though I think it was more of a surprise for the person I woke up at 2am when I opened the door.  They were very apologetic about the whole thing, but I'm still not sure how that kind of mistake happens.  Anyway, overall though it was a nice stay.
3	Getting to this hotel by car was a challenge. When you arrive at the airport, you can see the hotel. But there are only signs leading you to it when you can't miss it anymore. Maybe not the hotel's mistake per se as the airport roads are undergoing severe maintenance, but an issue to address anyway.When arrived, there are lots of parking spaces behind the hotel. The lady at the reception was very helpful and friendly. Being platinum with SPG, I was bumped up to a suite - thank you very much. The room was very spacious - doh. I found some clothes from a previous guest in the drawer. Despite the room appearing very clean and tidy, that decreased my confidence in the cleaning services somewhat. The room was quiet, but some of the planes do take off next to the hotel. And unlike the Sheraton in Brussels Airport for example, this one is not completely soundproof... No minibar, but a coffeemaker. Roomservice is a joke. Tried to order some food on Saturday night at 10pm, and had theire voicemail. Called again after 15 minutes and had voicemail again. So after 10 minutes I called guest services to complain and they somehow managed to find the people responsible. So they called me, take my order, and tell me the chef will hurry to make up for the time. Unfortunately, you can't hurry up without showing that in the quality of the food. So I had an overcooked burger and undercooked fries. The onion rings were ok... So all in all not a bad stay, but expectations were higher. Staff that cares just a little more can make so much of a difference in a place like this, that has all the right other assets.
3	This Sheraton warrants a solid 3 stars for the friendly staff, tasteful renovation, availability of an on-site restaurant (since there is nothing else around here), and the excellent bed/comforter (one of the best I've slept in)The room was small-ish, especially since it was on the inside of the circular building design, so the walls angled inward for this particular room. The cable TV selections are a joke, though, and the Eclipse restaurant's food was merely okay, but far overpricedI also had to take a $20 cab from the airport instead of using their shuttle, since there was a huge mass of people waiting on the airport curb, no formed line whatsoever (people pushing and shoving to get on), and a shuttle van driver in way over his head. This "free shuttle" system is broken and needs a complete overhaul
4	Very nice hotel, superlative hotel staff!  Very courteous and efficient check-in, especially Melissa at the front desk. Unbelievably, when lost luggage caused me to have no money for dinner, Melissa went and privately spoke to the restaurant mgr., who graciously bought me a pizza for dinner. It was the best I'd ever had!  This level of care and concern for their hotel guests is very rare, indeed! Beautiful hotel, amazingly friendly staff!! Top Job, Sheraton.
4	Great place if you get stranded in Montreal!
3	Checked in for a long weekend. It's nice but nothing special.they deserve 3 stars ,not more. The staff is ok not as friendly or professional they should be. Especially front desk. Convenient located next to the airport so you don't waste the time to travel to.
4	Fantastic hotel, with nice, clean comfortable rooms. The fitness center is outstanding. Refrigerators in every room. The hotel rooms are in a large circular ring, with a nice sitting area in the middle. Only bad part is it's so close to the airport there is a bit of noise.
1	Wow. Crappy. Apparently some renos taking place but not told that in advance or during checkin. Virtually NO food available except a lackluster wilted buffet that Motel 6 could put to shame. No snack option...can't get just a bowl of soup, it's the full crappy buffet at full price or nothing. Can't you offer a bowl of soup from the buffet??? Same thing for breakfast. Very poor food and selection. Can't even make a latte for you and very little fresh fruit. Very limited wine selection. Housekeeping didn't replace towels, just took the dirty ones. NOT impressed.
1	Average corporate airport hotel, operates on the hostage model. They are aware that most guests are trapped at the airport and over price the services accordingly. The restaurant is below average quality at very high prices, slow, plan at least an hour and a half for a lackluster dinner. Pretty sure this is where the TV show, The Walking Dead, recruits for extras.
4	Clean hotel. The bed is extremely comfortable, mattress is a Beautyrest. Wifi is fast 20 down 10 up. The odd rooms are on the outside while thee run rooms are on the inside. Wifi works best on odd room numbers. I'll definitely return here again.
4	The hotel looks drab from the outside but once you step in, it's easy to be taken aback. The Sheraton Montreal is easily one of the best airport hotels in the world with an endless loop of hotel rooms (literally) with great views of the airport (if you like that). It's great for an overnight stay but for more than that, it's likely to be bad due to the proximity to the city center. However, for overnight connections or the like, this is definitely a choice to consider (it's actually walking distance from the airport).
3	For the room & facilities, this hotel would definitely get 5+ stars.  The bed is ultra-comfortable and the room is a very nice size.  The workout equipment and area is also top notch.As for the front desk staff - they get 1 star at the most.  Incredibly rude & impatient.  We had bad experiences with two of the staff members we dealt with.Absolute night and day difference from the wonderful staff at the Pur Hotel in Quebec.
