4	So it's been YEARS since I have been to a Paradise Bakery! Working at the mall will do that to you. Stopped in Sunday for some shopping fuel with my mom & sis. I had the sour dough bread bowl w the fire roasted tomato soup they also had posole which I thought was interesting. Mom and sis had sandwiches chicken walnut and the albacore. I had never been to a stand alone PBC before it was a little chaotic maybe because it was Mothers Day and the line was out the door?! They had their bottled water ads out and proceeds go to Free Arts of AZ http://www.freeartsaz.org/ just so happens to be my FAV charity they only had a small basket full and they were warm not on ice, the cashier suggested the cold Dasani water instead eh we drank it warm anyway then went down to Paciugo to cool off.All in all I am glad we are getting some healthier chains up here as opposed to the Olive Garden, Applbee's, TGIF, Logans accross the street I will be back!
4	I was in Phoenix for the weekend and my friend took me here.  Walking in, the decor and layout reminded me of Corner Bakery Cafe or Panera Bread -- both of which isn't in Arizona at all.All 3 of us ordered the Paradise Club.  She also got the Southwest Chicken salad and even though it was 105 degrees outside, he ordered the tomato soup.  His excuse - it was cold inside the restaurant.The meat, lettuce, bacon and melted cheese was layered between a croissant cut in half and oozing of their mayo spread.  Everything was freshly prepared in front of you as you grab a tray and stand in a cafeteria-like line.   I was told that although everything is good here, they're famous for their cookies.  The best part?  It's free with your meal!p.s.  The cookies were good.  In fact, I bought some later at the airport location to take home.
3	Not sure what all the hoopla is about with Paradise, but I just can't seem to like it. I've tried several things on the menu: chicken walnut sandwich, breakfast quiche, oatmeal bowl, albacore tuna sandwich, and paradise roast beef sandwich. Even though the sandwiches tasted very fresh, they lacked flavor. I really like their oatmeal bowls, cookies and some pastries though. During my most recent visit (beginning of Nov.), the registers were not working so we got all of our food for free. As luck may have it, I found a strand of hair in my sandwich. GAGGGGGGGG. The busboy was nice enough to ask why I wasn't eating and offered a replacement. So kudos for trying to right a wrong situation, but too bad I had already lost my appetite.
4	Hurray for a little piece of paradise... thanks  to Paradise for honoring my 3 year old free sandwich coupon  and giving me my scrambled egg breakfast for free. You get mucho points for class in my book! Glad your in Norterra , you are an oasis !
4	sunday breakfast here is really nice. a couple times a month we get up early, sit on their lovely patio and enjoy a lazy breakfast. this location has plenty of tables and chairs outside that are comfy and sturdy. he always enjoys the waffle, which is always served with lots of fresh strawberries that i pilfer. i like the eggs, toast, fruit and bacon (bacon is redistributed to his plate). the bread they use for toast is always awesome ... they call it leven bread, but i think it tastes like sourdough. the fruit portion is a bit small and full of melon, but enjoyable and fresh. portions are neither too big nor too small. staffers are helpful and friendly. all around a really good, consistent breakfast spot.
3	We went to Paradise Bakery recently for a Friday night dinner (spurred on by a buy one entree get one free coupon).  The layout of this Paradise is quite similar to their location at Loop 101 and Raintree in Scottsdale.  Which is to say, quite confusing.  I'm no efficiency expert, but man, their queueing system is wack.  And it was not even close to being busy while we were there but it was less than ideal.  We got to the area where you are supposed to order and my wife put in an order for a sandwich and salad.  Then, the lady who was taking our order left and handed us off to another lady who had been trying to take our order but we told her we were already being helped.  Then we get down to the salad area, and the first lady is there and my wife has to order her salad all over again.  So as you can tell, confusing.Anyways, we go pay, find seats and our food comes out pretty quickly, actually it was being delivered as I was returning from getting our beverages (kudos on the nice selection of teas).  I ordered the chicken  walnut salad sandwich.  As I normally do, I enjoyed this sandwich very much (in fact, if I was grading solely on food, I'd give 4 stars).  I also enjoyed the complimentary chocolate chip cookies that came with each entree, though I do wish they'd give you a choice of what kind of cookie you could get...but it's 'free', so I'm not going to complain.  Service was good, food was good, queueing/ordering was lame.  I'd hate to be there during a lunchtime rush, I'd feel so frustrated I might lose my appetite.  Three stars.  (P.S. I do think this will be a great place to go to hang out on the patio in the right weather).
3	Okay here's the deal. I work near this place and generally I'm to lazy in the morning to make a lunch, so I end up here probably once a week. My review is completely based on going at lunch time as I can't recall ever heading there after 3pm.The food is good, but it's a chain, so most likely you've been to one before and you know what your getting before you walk in the door. If you've never been, def give the cookies a go as it's what made them famous in the first place.I tend to see the same employees there all the time, and I've been going for awhile now. Places with low employee turn over usually seem to have better customer service, and this one is no exception. The staff is friendly and courteous and the food is well prepared and presented.The place loses stars  however for it's handling of customers as others have mentioned. I can't really imagine a worse way to corral customers then the set up they currently have. Only want soup? Enjoy waiting in line behind everyone else that wants a sandwich or salad before you make it up there. This seems to be compounded by the fact they have three cash registers, and yet I hardly ever see more then one actually open at any time, even when the line is out the door.But despite this, if your not in a hurry and you want good food, Paradise is always a safe bet.
2	Now two stars...  Went this past weekend for lunch and enjoyed the patio.  Nice to be outside, but they need more tables that accommodate more than 2 people.  Also, the queueing system is still a nightmare.  Still confusing.  Plus our food took a long time to come out...Another thing I didn't like was that when I was getting silverware, I looked at the spoons and there was one with a big chunk of lettuce/spinach on it.  Gross.If the food wasn't good and they didn't keep sending me two-for-one coupons, I wouldn't go here...
4	Yummy muffins, yummy coffee, yummy sammiches, yummy soups, yummy salads.All around yummy and clean feeling.Cookies are the best.  If you purchase with the buy one get one free deal, those cookies are better than the ones you get for free with your meal.
1	This Paradise Bakery makes all the others look awful! The people that work there do not even care when customers are around and will just say inappropriate things, its okay with me, BUT NOT IN FRONT OF CHILDREN! I was very offended and they weren't even my kids! This was honestly the last strike! The second strike was a HAIR in my fruit salad. I mean, that is just gross and made me wonder why everyone behind the counter weren't wearing hair nets. The first strike is they are always out of something or another like edamame! That is what makes the Asian salad! No point in getting it. Its a shame that this Paradise Bakery is so awful because it is the closest one to my house! Guess I will have to drive all the way to Scottsdale and 101 if I want Paradise.
4	I love the food at Paradise Bakery.  It's fresh, and pretty consistant.  I like the choices they have for kids' meals, and the fact that they come with a yogurt.  The customer service at this location could use a little help.  I have had employees be smart/short/rude with me on most occasions.  Why do I put up with it?  The food is so good!  The salads are amazing, and they're huge.  If my family is really tired,and doesn't want to cook dinner but doesn't want "fast" food, this is our go to.  If you go in towards the end of their dinner rush, they are normally out of things.  One or two ingredients for your salad, or to-go containers.  Something.  As previous reviewers have mentioned, the ordering system is a little frustrating.  It's easier to navigate when it's not lunch hour.  This location is bananas from 11am-1pm.  I won't even go at that time anymore.
2	Only returning under peer pressure.  I always feel like I paid too much. Not paying $9 for a not so great sandwich I can make at home.
3	The new salads are a rip off. Its such a small portion. ESP how big the larges use to be, now if you get one it looks like a small. There also stingy with there dressings now.I think there definatley over priced!! Cash register people could have a better attitude, & they never seem like they know what there doing.Otherwise there sandwiches are amazing, and the muffins and scones are delicious. Im there every other day, But if they started giving out coupons or changed there prices that would be wonderful :)
5	The food here is great but I just can't seem to try anyting else except the turkey cranberry sandwich. that sandwich gets me every time. breakfast is great too!!
4	We've eaten here a few times when we visit Arizona and I have to say that it's always a pleasant meal. No huge surprises or stunning food, but definitely tasty for a soup and sandwich sort of lunch. Salad is good, sandwich good... but the cookies are great. It's just the sort of place to go when you don't want to fuss about too much. Just eat the sandwich!
5	All time favorite lunch spot!  Best cookies you'll find anywhere!  Also fantastic lunches, such as Chicken Walnut and Turkey Cranberry sandwiches.  The salads are excellent too.  I usually create my own, but all of their Signature Salads are delicious. Go here for lunch if you haven't yet, I am sure you'll be pleased.
4	I assume all of the PB&C all mostly the same but the few times I have been here it has always been nice. The staff is friendly and helpful, the store is clean. I had an Asaigo bagel with egg and bacon. Apple wood smoked bacon as they tout. The bagel was kick ass, smushed with a panni grill. The egg and cheese were good. The bacon was small rubber strips of ?bacon?...The prices are a little high but this is supposed to be more high end then Mcdonalds right?
5	By far the best Paradise in Phoenix! I go here multiple times a week and they have the friendliest staff and he food is amazing! My kids love it and so does my wife!
3	I'm so torn on everything that is Nortera, but perhaps no place more than this.  Literally 5 minutes from my house there is a huge convenience factor to be taken into account, yet at the same time the fact that they don't stock Equal, my sweetner of choice, and limit their wi-fi to 30 minute bits during the day while Wildflower offers free wi-fi all day, Equal, and better coffee drives me nuts.  In the end I'll probably split my time between the two - using Paradise for study time and/or writing when wi-fi isn't necessary only.  Nice spot.  Good servers.  It just isn't Wildflower.
5	My go to spot for lunch dates with coworkers! I am in LOVE with their chicken walnut sandwich and the blue cheese crumble salad.  This specific location gets really busy around 12 so try lunch at 11 or 1 :)  The staff is pretty friendly and helpful.  I always get worried at the beginning of the line that I won't get a table but the staff here are pretty quick at clean up so there's always one available.
1	Had to wait 20 min for a 1/2 panini that was cold and not as I had ordered it (no tomatoes). I have experienced slow service at paradise bakeries before but this is ridiculous.
1	Horrible 7$ grown up grilled cheese!!!!!!!!!! I felt like I got ripped off!! I wanted to complian but said oh well. Sonic has better Grilled cheese for half the price!
4	Wonderful place for lunch or dinner, I've never had a bad experience at any of their locations. Solid food at a decent price.  The panninis  are my favorites along with the crumbly bleu salad. The chocolate chip cookies come with the meal and are incredible. Four types of brewed ice teas always gets me excited (I'm easily amused, sorry).
3	I love and hate PB&C at the same time. Every time I walk in, I'm like, "oh, I'm so excited, the menu always looks so good and I am so excited to try something new!" And then I get my food and I am not so impressed. The pick 2 thing is a rip-off, and here's why. For $6.99, you get 2 items (half a sandwich, salad or cup of soup). For $1 more, you can upgrade to a "signature" item and for $2 more, you can upgrade both items to a "signature" item. But, on the regular menu, it is only 50 cents more for a signature item than a non-signature item. Lame. And the food is never really all that awesome, let's be honest....its the free cookie we come here for.
4	This place always seems to be packed so I've learned to place my order ahead of time now... highly suggest this if your lunch time is limited.OMG I LOVE the salads here. I know they are not the most healthy salads around but I honestly don't care. The Fugi Apple Chicken salad is to die for! Yum. Big pieces of dried apples, large and flavorful chicken chunks and the dressing is delicious as well. Probably one of the best salad's I've had.... perhaps I'll go this weekend, now that I've written this review I want one :)
2	2 stars because i like the food. Service was OK, but none of the employees were happy at all. Also, coming from a chefs view, that place needs a better kept storage system, just saying. Seeing ceaser dressing caked on the pans are NOT appealing.
2	I give the food at paradise bakery 5 stars- the service at this location, however, is horrible. They have gotten my order & coworkers orders wrong on multiple occasions. They are often cold & unfriendly. I have visited many other locations & have not had this problem. It's unfortunate that I often take my business elsewhere due to the staff.
5	Delicious bread bowls! And for $5 who can complain! Great deal! It's the perfect place to get something exceptionally yummy. Excellent comfort food! I got the cheddar and broccoli soup in the bread bowl. It was filling by itself. My husband got the chicken noodle and he said it was tasty as well.  Yum!
4	No matter how many times I go, I'll never get used to the ordering system. But the food is delicious (expensive, but it's one of the few places near me with healthy options). I love their Broccoli Cheese soup and the Greek Salad. Plus it's nice to take some time to sit down with a good book or NDS game and relax on my lunch break.
2	You order and they fill out something that looks like a tax form, hand you a metal rod with a number on it, take the tax form to another person behind the counter that makes your sandwich, they hand you the sandwich and you hand them the metal rod and go to the register.  Anyone else seeing too many steps in this transaction?  I'm pretty sure they are running some kind of practical joke show and airing it on some channel I'm unaware of.  How else do you explain that insanity?  Does Paradise Bakery own stock in carbon paper or something?
4	The food is delicious from the sandwiches, salads, soups and baked goods I have never had something I didn't enjoy. Great selection of unsweetened ice teas too.Paradise Bakery gets four stars for the food, but loses a star for the price and ordering system.  Today I got a whole classic salad add chicken and a large drink, it was over $12. It was delicious in spite of the southwest chicken salad being removed from the menu resulting in roasted corn & peppers not being available (argh).As for the ordering system, they really need to figure out how to remove the inevitable first timer confusion and worker needing to explain repeatedly where to order what from.There is typically a line greeting you when you come anytime around lunch. Today I took food to go and it took 17 minutes.
4	This is a great place for salads and sandwiches, not to forget their amazing cookies. The wifey and I enjoy coming here for a cheap meal while enjoying our local eateries.
2	The food was great, but the service is beyond poor! The cashier was so rude! She threw the rolls in our to go sack with no wrapper of any kind. Just threw them in the sack. We are regular customers but I'm not sure how much longer I can take the poor service.
1	I was in such a great mood. Having an awesome day, and then I stepped into the Paradise bakery. What kind of place stops serving breakfast at 10 AM?It was 10:14am Their other food is actually amazing. But I was really looking forward to breakfast.
1	So I let it slide when you took the California turkey sandwich off the menu, but this time, I just can't overlook it.  My hubby and I were craving Paradise last night, so I went in to place a to-go order.  I ordered the BBQ chicken salad for my hubby.  The girl tells me it is no longer on the menu.  "You mean you still have the ingredients for it but it isn't on the menu anymore?"  I asked.  Nope... you can't order it at all, she tells me.  It is banished from the menu.  My heart stopped for a minute.  My hubby LOVES that salad.  In his words, it is his "soul mate salad."  I can't even get him to eat a salad unless it is the BBQ chicken at Paradise.  It's gone!  How the heck am I ever going to get him to eat a salad again??So I tell the girl that I have to go to the car to tell this unspeakable fact to my husband.  He was not happy!  He said we will never be coming back to Paradise ever again.  You have lost two very loyal customers because you can't seem to keep the same thing on the menu for any extended amount of time.  Does Paradise not understand that it is not a sustainable business model to change your menu every few months?  It gets really annoying when you find something you like, and the next time you stop in, nothing on the menu even resembles that item.  Not only that, but the menu above the counter no longer has any descriptions of menu items.  What the heck is the Frontega Chicken sandwich?  I wouldn't know because the descriptions that used to be there are gone.  I shouldn't have to ask what every single sandwich consists of before I place my order.  Venting session over.  Someone needs to go back to the drawing board at Paradise Bakery and fix what's broken.
3	like this place but the female server for breakfast has a little attitude and and doesnt seem to notice when the begals are black burnt lol but the male was nice it was my first time there and they need more employees for the morning shift other than that food was tasty
1	Sitting in the restaurant right now.... had the most mayonnaise laden tuna salad I have ever had.  It actually dripped off the bread.  The bread bowl that my dining partner got was cold and hard... inedible, really.   We will never be back... $20 very poorly spent.
3	My daughter is obsessed with the white Mac and Cheese. She will eat the first "kids meal" like nobodies business (~5) then wants more so I order her another small sized Mac and cheese thinking it might be $2-3... Nope $5! Really?$ maybe you should include a larger size. I thought Payne me ordering a Pick2 meal with my sandwich and her extra Mac n cheese would save me a few bucks but really the YouPick2 is about 4.75 per item...No savings! My sandwich tonight was the Frontega. Pretty sure I just realized there weren't any basil or mayo as I read in the menu. Picture include
3	We used to go to this Paradise Bakery a lot, but haven't been back since they stopped serving blue cheese salad dressing. There's a wonderful blue cheese crumbles salad that came with a weird ranch dressing. I always added red onions, cancelled the ranch, and ordered a side of blue cheese dressing. I don't know why everybody has such a love affair with ranch dressing, or why you would put it on a salad that comes with blue cheese. Anyway, I tried the salad the way it comes with the ranch dressing and won't be ordering it again; such a weird flavor combination.There also was a wonderful Cuban sandwich that they no longer carry. I find that as soon as I find a sandwich that I like, it's gone from the menu. My review is 3 stars because the food is pretty good, but it's overpriced for what it is, and they stop carrying things frequently. I also find that the kids who work there often have a  "deer in headlights look" and are confused by any simple request.The chicken and rice soup is good, broccoli cheese soup is good, and of course the cookies that come with the meal are very good.
4	One of my favorite spots, especially sitting outside on a nice day when you can enjoy the neighborhood. the food is fantastic, the best couscous! friendly service. Love it.
1	Really disappointed!! I normally LOVE paradise and go all the time, but I haven't been to this location until tonight and I'm not  planning on going back! I went there for dinner tonight hoping to get the autumn squash soup which is my favorite! I was informed that they were out of the soup and wouldn't be making more even though it was 7 and they don't close until 9! It then took over 30min to get our sandwiches and it wasn't even that busy in the restaurant. When we did finally get our sandwiches, mine was on the wrong kind of bread and my friends grilled cheese didn't even have cheese in it-it was literally just two pieces of toast with a tiny bit of cheese on one side. Overall, just really disappointed in a chain that has always been one of my favorites. Hoping I just caught them on an off night!
4	I use to get the Cuban sandwich, was my favorite, but they discontinued it. Now I try the different sandwiches, so it's a good change I suppose.Today I tried the new southwest flatbread. Pretty good. A little too much refried beans for my taste, it dried out the sandwich a little. Overall good flavor.
3	First time at Paradise Bakery. Arrived 11:45 for lunch on a Monday and it was half full with 12 guests in line. The line moved quickly enough because they did line-pre-orders. Got stuck at the soup station tho since every option she offered to the guests in front of me (bread bowl, extra cheese, etc.) she was out of. I ordered a 1/2 steak and cheddar panini with a cup of soup. My sandwich arrived before I even made it to the soup station, then with the wait there, my sandwich was cold by first bite. Too bad. The soup was thick and hearty but a cup of soup shouldn't cost me $3.59. My sandwich was okay but not filling. There was maybe 1-2 ounces of steak. Again, $4.99 for a half sandwich is crazy. Don't think I'll be back. I wasn't very hungry (thankfully) but the value just wasn't there.
4	First time here was last week .. Good sandwiches and a fast moving line. Only complaint is that a HALF sandwich, cookie, and drink came up to about $10. Will still return though to try again.
