5	As a middle-age woman who had already spent her early teens in braces, (with the lovely night headgear), the idea of wearing them again was none to appealing.  However, with my lower teeth showing signs of shifting, I wanted to arrest the digression, get them straight again, and then maintain with retainers.  A friend of mine had suggested Dr. Galati but I wanted to speak with my dentist, Dr. Clark, to get his input.  He also suggested Dr. Galati for orthodontic needs, and shared that they work together often, allowing patients to schedule with them on the same days, making appointments, hygiene care and progress very efficient.  Dr. Galati and his team were very welcoming and informative when I went for the consultation.  Dr. Galati assessed my situation and clearly mapped out the options.  His involvement in professional organizations and continuing education put me at ease knowing he continues to stay at the forefront of orthodontics.  His team was also very detailed; advising what my insurance would cover, what my responsibility would be, and the payment plans they offered.   They also explained how they handled scheduling and how long the appointments would be.  There wasn't a detail missed!  Dr. Galati runs on time, and I was never delayed once in the eight months I wore my braces.  (Not many doctors offices can claim that!)  The staff there is warm, friendly, and very genuine in their concern and interest.  You never feel like a number there.  The office is clean, organized and there is always an aura of calm.  I was convinced it would be me and 100 teenagers but there truly is a great mix of people, which provided me with comfort knowing Dr. Galati can straighten one's teeth whether they are 10 or 50 years of age!   As promised, my braces came off 8 months later and I am THRILLED with how straight they are.  There was no staining either and the retainers were made within 72 hours.   Dr. Galati and his team are superb and I am so happy that I made the decision to do this with the Galati team!
5	This is the second time our family has been to Dr. Galati's office for braces.  He and his staff have always been caring and professional in the care they provide and the manner they treat the family.  Dr. Galati's care, professionalism and attention to detail are second to none.  It's a great comfort to know that  Dr. Galati and his staff are taking care my family's orthodontic needs
5	Dr. Galati and his staff are world class providers for all of our orthodontic needs. From the first phone call to schedule our consultation to the day they took my son's braces off, we felt like the most important people in the office. As an adult, I also see Dr. Galati to maintain the investment my parents made so many years ago. I could not be more pleased with Dr. Galati's comprehensive and timely treatment plans. Patient care and satisfaction are their number one priority and it shows every single time we're in the office.
5	I got braces from Dr. Galati's office, after noticing my teeth had moved around, and my bottom teeth were very crooked; due to being older.Their office is comfortable, modern, with all the up-to-date equipment.  They even have video games for the kids, in the waiting area -- and the staff is amazing, and so friendly!!!  I had my braces on for less than a year, and still get compliments on my teeth, from people that saw me in braces, and even from those that didn't.If you are thinking about orthodontia; please give this office a call.  I don't think that you will be disappointed!
5	Dr Galati and his entire staff are the very, very best! These guys enjoy providing outstanding service. All of the superlatives have been used, and they are all true. My daughter had a difficult upper canine issue which has been expertly corrected into a beautiful smile. Thank you Dr Galati and your amazing employee group! You guys are truly the best.
