5	A tiny place, but absolutely brilliant! Tiny burgers made to order by hand, excellent poutine, and even borscht! And it's cheap! A perfect place for lunch in the city. It was recommended to me on a recent visit to Montreal by somebody who follows me on Twitter (a McGill alumna), and it was a fantastic call. I'll be going back next time I'm up that way!
4	Super tiny place with counter service and two tables for two. We had the poutine classique which was excellent! The service was efficient at first but very slow after we had finished eating. It took us a long time to get anyone's attention to order another round of beer and then even longer to get the check. They were super busy at the time with people always popping in and out. I can't imagine how much poutine they serve here every day. The lady behind the counter seemed to be making poutine non-stop. Highly recommended for the poutine but realize you might be hanging around waiting for awhile to be served... if you manage to get a seat.
5	I had Patati Patata on my list of "must try" places in Montreal and I STILL managed to walk right past it earlier in the day without noticing it.  Patati Patata is super small (I can't imagine it seating more than 15 people) and unobtrusive, but it is fantastic.  You can opt to sit at the counter or one of three or four tables.  I wouldn't recommend this place for parties of more than two - you're going to have a very  hard time finding some configuration so you can sit together.  I saw lots of people getting takeout from the counter (fill your order in on little slips of paper, hand it over, wait briefly, receive cheap delicious food, hand over coins rather than bills (oh, Canada!), and go).Patati Patata served up the best poutine I had in Montreal (though granted, I only had it twice) with onions and green peppers for $4.  Amazing.  Even MORE amazing, 10 oz. beers were $2.50.  Even with the waning exchange rate advantage, that's awesome!  The staff is a little brusque (they're super busy) but also nice.  One of the counter guys offered the girls behind me free beer because he had to change the taps.  They were drinking the red, and I had the blonde so I got no free beer.  Drat.I will say Patati Patata is not a place to linger.  There was a line out the door on the Thursday evening I went (it seemed to be mostly university students) so I finished as quickly as I could. Before I was even to the register, my seat had been snatched, but I think that's more a testament to how good this place is than anything else.
5	Any dumb schmo can eat well for lots of moolah. It takes a savvy Yelper to eat fantastic food for pennies.  This may be the most delicious and cheapest meal I had in Montreal (or anywhere else for that matter). I love fried potatoes of any kind but the whole poutine thing kinda jeebed me out. Gravy and cheese curds on frites seemed like guilding the proverbial lily. But when in Montreal, eat like Montrealers, so poutine was tried and thanks to my Yelp research we found this place. Such great food, such nice people (staff and customers alike), such reasonable prices. We had the sole which was lightly and deliciously breaded, with a salad and a side of poutine, plus the local Boreal blonde beer. We enjoyed it sitting by an open window with the view of a small park and the passers by. It was sublime. Go there.
5	It's hard to believe a place could get 5 stars when we had to wait 1/2 an hour to get served, but it was busy and the guys actually managed to keep track of who came in when and served them exactly in the order they arrived. Oh, and the food was amazng. Linda had a lovely BLT that she said was the best she ever had. I had the plain Poutine, which was magnificent. I mean, just plain amazing. It was the best I've had and I've eaten it all over Montreal. The big thing was the gravy, just plain old-fashioned kick ass. And it was cheap enough to handle with the change I had let over from Au Pied de Cochon. Magnificent!
5	I get so happy thinking about the Poutine I had here last weekend that I cry. I almost didn't want to leave Montreal because of this place. But I had work on Tuesday so I had to leave. Such is life...This place was recommended to us by a former McGill student, a former Montreal resident, and a bunch of random musicians who were selling stuff at a garage sale. So we HAD to go.9, 9:30pm on the Sunday before Labor Day, we waited about 10 minutes to get seats. The staff was super nice and super helpful with recommending stuff for us to eat. The place was small but everyone in there seemed to be happy and enjoying their meals, and the decor was colorful and inviting. After sitting down I ordered a burger and a Poutine (Patati), which came with the mushrooms and bell peppers (everyone else ordered, actually, the same thing :P).First, the burger. It's this weeee little burger with a soft yet crispy and springy bun and a tiny little patty. Nothing spectacular but really, really fresh ingredients that melded nicely together in my mouth.Now for the Poutine. Let me describe it a-la Ham from the movie The Sandlot.First, you put the fries. Then, you put the sliced mushrooms. Next, you put on the sliced bell peppers and red onion. You top it off with some chewy, mild white cheese. Finally, you finish it off with a liberal helping of dark, beef gravy.  Finish by stuffing your face.The flavors blend so well together! The savory of the gravy with the sweetness and freshness of the onions and peppers, with the fried goodness from the potatoes, topped off with the mild soothing nature of the cheese, it equals an explosion of flavors that satisfies with every bite.5 stars for a cute atmosphere, super nice staff, and great PoutineRevisit? Next time I'm in Montreal!
4	I daydreamed about swimming in a pool of poutine all during the 6 hour drive to Montreal. Did Patati Patata meet the expectations I had set so high as a result of fond childhood memories? I'd say so.They serve up some pretty darn good poutine at this place. The fries were just a wee bit more brown than golden for my taste, but they had a nice crunch without tasting burnt. I would definitely give them 5 stars if they had put a bit more gravy.I also sampled the poutine with vegetables. It was alright, but it kind of reminded me of a supreme pizza.Hmmmmm, I guess I'll just have to try it again next time and see if I can't bump it up to a 5 star rating...
5	Amazing place.. Even though the burger was WAY too small it rivals the counter in LA and my favorite burger.  The poutine is pretty tasty as well.  It  is a VERY VERY small place and you will prob have to wait a bit to get a seat but great atmosphere and food.
4	This is a great spot for a night time snack, or a main meal if you wish. They grill their burgers right in front of you. They make everything in front of you. It's a petite restaurant, but it's a great spot to have some superb eats.I had their poisson burger avec frites et salade. It just was a perfect meal. I'd recommend this place for anyone, I'll definitely be making a return trip to this quaint little spot.
3	My family and i (a group of 5) came here for the poutine.  enroute to the international fireworks competition at la ronde...while there is a lot of choices on the menu--burgers, tofu, salads... only 2 of poutine.  i digress...each time we visit montreal we try to sample poutine from as many palces as possible (avoiding the fast food joints and sticking to the mom and pop places).  so this go round we chose patati and we were happy with the poutine, but it was a small portion of very simple style poutine.  while i'm not sure one needs a huge portion of poutine...it was only 4$ (canadian) but it hit the spot.  our favourite poutine joint is still madam baldouc--they have the best selection and 2 sizes (large and larger).  it was worth the trip to patati patata and exploring the avangart neighborhood...a bit of rock and roll meets hipster canadian style.  good blonde ale as well.  and good service from friendly guys behind the counter.
5	It's a tradition every time we come to Montreal.  It's small and cozy.  They know the value of a good salad with a side of hand-cut fries.  The prices are very reasonable and service is friendly and welcoming.  It's that neighborhood place only the locals should know about...  Look how special you are now.
3	Maybe this place is great for locals, but my friends and I (tourists from NY) didn't have great experience with this place when we visited. I had poutines from different parts of Canada as this wasn't my first time visiting. I wanted to try some authentic poutine where locals go for eats. I googled many different places and selected this one for try before we leave for Ottawa the next day.It's an extremely tiny place. But it's okay, you can get it to go and eat it at the park right next to the restaurant. Actually, this may be better option because the inside is extremely crowded and small that you probably can't even move around. It's best described as fast-food joint. You can get burgers, sandwiches, and of course, poutines here. I believe they also serve beer. I got a cheese-burger and poutine to go with a drink. The price wasn't all that bad so if I can get used to local taste, I can see myself coming back here frequently for more good stuff (but I live too far now).The poutines were alright. I had better poutines in Ottawa. Maybe this is the authentic taste and one I had previously were for tourists. The portions weren't too big either - more of individual size so not great for sharing. The gravy was too think and didn't much have other ingredient tastes in my mind. The burgers were pretty good though. I live in Washington DC where we have about 8 great burger joints in 10 mile radius, so I wouldn't say this is one of better ones I had, but definitely better than poutine I ordered. It saved my night.The service was bit slow. Maybe they just had a lot of orders prior to mine. I think I waited at least 20 minutes for my burger and poutine. They only had a dude and gal cooking up and one dude taking orders. I don't know whether this is a family owned business or not but they could use more hands to speed up the process. I hate the non-value-adds. Lean it up!
3	I heard that the fries were awesome, and reading from previous reviews that the poutine was a MUST!  You have to have great fries to have great poutine, I think! So during my visit to Montreal, I kept bugging my husband that we had to stop by Patati Patata so I could try their "classique" poutine.  I agree with other reviewers - this place is really cramped and not for the claustrophobic.  The place seats only 13 people max and it is not a place where you want to bring your kids.  It is definitely more for take out.  You need to know exactly what you want, otherwise you'll have the cashier and cook saying unpleasant things in french under their breath. It happened to my friend, when she wanted to know what another customer was having.  They just want you to give a straight order. The wait is incredibly long with the line out the door so be prepared to wait at least 20 mins.Overall, i really enjoyed the poutine! The thin cut fries, meaty gravy, and cheese were just the right amount to complement one another.  I don't like it when there's too much gravy that is makes the fries soggy within the first minutes and it becomes a think bowl of muck. However, the portion seemed rather small for the price that I paid and in comparison to other places that serve poutine.If the portion had been bigger I would have definitely given it 4 stars.
2	This was my first poutine experience in Montreal.  Lots of people hate on poutine but I thought fries, gravy and cheese curds would be right up my alley. Unfortunately, given such an easy-win list of ingredients this just wasn't that good.  Maybe I don't like poutine (I don't know; again, given those ingredients I don't know how it could be anything but awesome) or maybe this place isn't that good as far as poutine goes.  Either way, something lacking here.
4	This is my first poutine from a regular cafe.  The first poutine I had was from Garde Manger (read my other review!) so I might be ruined.  However, it was still pretty good poutine.  I also got the fish burger.What was most impressive was the dynamic duo that runs the place.  They are very busy, they work in a tight space, and are still extremely cheerful and friendly!
4	About as good a plate of poutine as you're going to find.  The service was friendly and worked with a rare energy to feed the throngs.I lucked out and got a table, but you should be prepared to get your food to go and eat outside.
3	Very cool and hip place for some quick poutine and other eats. The set up was confusing though - there's a cashier right when you walk in to order at but if you sit down at one of the side tables you get waiter service? Odd. The poutine was the first I had ever had in my life. It was ok. I wouldn't consider myself a fan but I can appreciate the appeal.
5	I love Montreal and I love this place.This was my first attempt at attacking the Quebecois staple of Poutine.I was very impressed by the fries and presentation. The two dudes working behind the counter are quick and efficient.The place is very, very small and the line was long when we were there on a rainy Saturday night. I would recommend getting take-out as there are probably enough seating for about ten people MAX.This is the definition of hole-in-a-wall and the prices are very, very fair. In fact this might be the only place where you won't get ripped off for poutine.The poutine is amazing and I can't wait to go back to Montreal for the dish!
4	A Main staple, Patati Patata is a charming little fast food joint with a substantial menu and cheap eats. Unless you want to wait in a line, it's best to get there off peak hours. I find it's best in the late afternoon.Their menu has typical fast food such as burgers (mini-burgers actually) and fries, but also the not-so-typical, such as tofu burgers and borscht. Personally, I'm a big fan of the Patatine, club sandwich and tofu burgs.The Patatine is a poutine topped with green+red peppers, mushrooms, onions and whole kalamata olives. This may sound weird, but the fresh veggies accent the fries, curds and gravy perfectly. Patati Patata uses distintive shoe-string fries and great tasting, fresh (and firm) cheese curds in the poutine....both of these set theirs apart from a lot of other poutines in the city. I'm a big fan.The club sandwich is a triple-decked white bun with chicken salad, bacon, tomato and lettuce. Using the chicken salad is a nice spin on the classic, and the sandwich as a whole is straight-up delicious. The tofu burger is simple but tasty: quickly-fried slab of tofu on a bun with lettuce, tomato, hummus and mayo. It's mini-size, and at only $1.50, is a great cheap snack. As for the atmosphere, as mentioned by others, the place is quite small. It only seats about 10-12 max, and when it's at capacity it can feel pretty cramped. If you can't deal with this, just get take-out. If you do eat in, you'll find a super relaxed atmosphere with comfortable stools, and a friendly staff (def. improved over few years ago...it had a little bit of an 'unfriendly' rep). Overall, it's a great place to sit in the window, grab a quick bite and watch the bustle of Boul St.-Laurent.
4	Delicious poutine made in a frying pan with tones of vegetables from onions, peppers, to mushrooms and olives.  Vegetarian but you might have to get this one to go since the seating here is limited.
4	This place has such delicious poutine! I got the kind with bell peppers and mushrooms and it was so yummy! And it wasn't a ridiculously large portion so a friend and I could share it and still have room for a burger or two. Speaking of which, I had 2 small burgers (mini burgers) and they were delicious. I got all the toppings on it and the bread it was on was so good and you could tell it had been made fresh! There were only 3 guys working when I went and they were serving people very fast! Although this place feels like a little broom closet inside, it packs a lot of flavor!
5	This place is wonderful. The definition of "hole-in-the-wall," really. There are only several seats and if you go at prime dinner hours the line is out the door, but I have to say the food is worth the wait. The poutine is some of the best I've had in Montreal, but my favorite thing to order here is the Mediterranean Burger. It has feta on it, with a special tzatziki/mint sauce that is delicious. The burgers are small, made with fresh ingredients, and the fries are perfectly done. Their salad dressings are homemade and are also very good. They have a breakfast menu as well, but I have never tried anything off of it. If you haven't been, it's a definite spot to hit! Oh yes, and it's cheap - you can get a burger, fries, and salad for $6. I don't think it gets much better than that.
5	Visited on a weekday around midday and there were two seats by the window which was perfect for me and my friend. As noted by others, the venue IS small - and I like it that way.The poutine, both plain/original and the one with bell pepper and olives, was delicious! Better than at Rapido (ugh.) and on par with La Banquise's classic. At that time of day it was busy but not jam packed, and service was good. Not stressed, with a relaxed and casual vibe. The guy serving was super nice and friendly, laughing and joking with us. He even posed for a photo for my friend. The Summer sun streaming through the window and we sat, chatted and people-watched as locals and visitors aliked passed by on Boul. Saint-Laurent. So the entire experience was romantic and magical, a lot like Montreal really ;)So this is now my fave poutine place in Mtl. Bon Appetite!
4	Did you actually notice it? I can't tell how many times I have walked pass this corner after my St Laurent tribulations.You will find the tiniest spot blessed with an infinite Plateau charm. Watch out, you may way wait to be seated and don't try to bring a group with you. I visited Patati Patata during a weekday around 9:30ish and I waited 15 min to be seated. I believe it's decent given the popularity of the spot.Once seated, aim for the Boeuf Bourgeois (equivalent to a hamburger) and the Fish burger - extra bacon it tho. Note that you can customize your beef burger. By the way odd detail: according to the staff, nobody takes the tofu burger. And of course, get the poutine. Moreover, the beer is decent despite what the pricing may suggest.But little price implies little food. Yes, portions are small. You're better off ordering two burgers and a side dish. For approximately $6-$7 if you add cheese... and $2 for a beer.
3	Very cute place, super friendly and full of character, a good intro to Montreal for us as this was our first stop after our hostel. We were lucky enough to get seats in the afternoon by the window to enjoy our classic poutine (our first time!), look out at the streets & the park and take it all in. Ultimately wasn't too fond of the poutine (probably just because I like my fries crisp and not saucy).
5	someone once aptly described the poutine situation in Montreal to me as such:"drunk teenagers from Ontario go to La Banquise and men from Quebec go to Patati Patata" its true. this place rules. of course I dont eat poutine or meat, but I go for their amazing tofu sliders.
4	The national junk food dish of Canada is undoubtedly poutine, the love child of gravy and cheese kurds and a potato concoction worthy of countless heart attacks.  After many encounters of this nearly banned food (#1), I'm willing to admit one of the best versions I've ever had was here at Patati Patata.This greasy spoon has a stellar reputation for serving Montreal some of the very best in comfort fare for little money.  It's been insanely crowded here almost every time I've been here and is not a place for anyone who is remotely claustrophobic.  A 15 person occupancy might be too generous of a number, but it's pretty tight in here regardless.  There is barely enough for 4 on their counter, and I've seen some folks literally just stand and eat their food.  I've been fortunate enough to score a seat each time, but that wasn't without having to wait at least 20 minutes.Their burgers are good, juicy and flavorful in every bite.  Also good are their daily soups, which in my recent case was a red beet borscht - totally worth all $2 of my money.  What most folks come for is what everyone should try, their amazing poutine.  Cheese kurds sprinkled over a bed of gravy soaked fries, makes for the kind of artery clogging "salad" that looks more like a stew of potatoes.  Every bite was savory, the gravy was delightful, and the cheese kurds were not in the least bit heavy.  Best of all, it cost me only $4.00 for a bowl of poutine goodness.Like only the finest of Montreal businesses, they're open fairly late.  Usually till 11PM and as late as midnight on the weekends.  Be it for breakfast or a late night anti-hangover meal or even (read: especially) a poutine craving, Patati Patata is the place to be.  _______(#1)  They tried to ban this at sporting events in an effort to become healthier and nothing like their southern neighbor.  Whatever, I've got two words:  universal healthcare.
3	We stopped by here specifically for the poutine.  The place itself felt like the kind of neighborhood joint with a bunch of regulars and fun, wisecracking staff.  Judging from the interactions between the customers and the waiters/cooks, that's exactly what it was.  The poutine was good, very rich, and no doubt ranks highly as far as poutine goes in the city.  However, for the four or five bucks that it ran us, I was kind of hoping for something more.  Also, it came with an olive for some reason.  PECULIAR
5	Excellent service and food.
3	Tiny little hole-in-the-wall joint with maybe 6 bar stools + 4 small tables.  Poutine is the specialty, but lots of other stuff on the menu.  Only 2 guys working, and with a line usually out the door, you have to be patient.  I mean these guys are working their cojones off, and still maintain a pleasant demeanor even though they don't have time to catch their breath.  Food prices are cheap, and a 10 ounce draft beer is a very reasonable $2.50.
3	I really expected the poutine but the fries wasn't that crunchy!
5	Delish and friendly staff! I really wished I lived here so that I could come here more often... mmm...
4	I appreciated the ability to actually be able to try this much talked about Montreal poutine, with gravy made from chicken stock (typically it's made from beef and I don't eat the moo-moos).  I'm a fan.  This joint has a lot of character and lives up to the rep.  I snuck a peek at the other menu items being dined on by others and it all looked good.  Check it out!
4	We were just walking around starving and came across this place with a little line up out the door (this place is tiny so it looked real full). Lucky for us there was an empty table so we decided to try it out. We got a beef burger, poutine and orangina. The service was pretty good considering there were only 2 people working (one cook and one cashier) and they still have to take care of approx about 5-6 small tables and a line up. They were incredibly effecient and no mistakes! The food was pretty good, well worth the money!  (which is not expensive at all)
4	This place is charming, delicious and cheap! So why only 4 stars? It's WAY too small, probably sits 16 people max but that's also part of it's charm :) The service was good, the food was awesome! Burgers are small but are cheap and if you get poutine with it you'll be full.Definitely go but be prepared to wait a while, uncomfortably watching people eat as you wait for a spot. BUT ITS SO WORTH IT! note: not very good for groups larger than 2 or 3.
5	The food is delicious here!!! I went there at night because Ive seen the huge line ups to this place during supper. It was good and seeing thee amount of take outs these guys get I knew I was in for something great while seated in the small corner. The atmosphere is great for students and it also advertises many local events in the restaurants, in case you're someone looking around for whats going on in town.The service is very private and very very NOT intimidating at all. There's only two people serving anyway (one cooking and the other serving) so it felt really nice to be chatting it up with them too without feeling like someones just trying to be nice for you know what .. .  ANYWAY all I'm saying is that I always go at night in this place (well the two times I've been here so far) and the food AND service was great even just before closing, not what you can say about most places. My poutine with ground beef was really really good. I highly recommend it... wow that was a lot of  "ands" I want to keep on adding ands but those you have to go and check it.. I kid you not folks this place is a must try! GAHHHAND did i say about the cool prices to this place?
3	After a gruesome walk, my boyfriend and I needed food in our stomach. We came across this retro and bright colored corner shop and decided to give it a shop. A diner that usually serves locals gave us a totally different feel. The atmosphere was homey and the waiter which also act as the chef was nice and talked to us like he knew us for decades.I saw the menu and was thinking how can a burger at a diner cost as little as $2-3. So, not knowing how the burger will come out we chose to get poutine. The fries were just alright but the gravy was heavily salted. I had trouble finishing my dish. Maybe the burger would be friendlier next time.
5	Great little place. It is small, low key and has great food. We got burgers, classic poutine and beer. The bill was $15! I liked the poutine here better than la baptiste. The 2 guys running the place were super busy yet remained polite and friendly.
5	The Patati poutine comes with fresh green peppers and sliced red onions and an olive balanced on top of the hot gravy, cheese curds and fries. This is not how poutine is usually served but if you're here, this is what you probably want. Also the Demontignac and the Tofu Bourgeois. This is homemade, super cheap casse croute that is tiny, kindly and delicious. Go at off times and the staff and regulars will make space for you elbow to elbow with mellow ease and you will be filled with heart stopping deliciousness.
5	This is my favorite little spot in Montreal. I would eat there every other day if I could. Everybody raves about the poutine, as they should, it's the best in Montreal. But everything else is amazing too, and much healthier. The mediteranean burger and fish filet are my favorite, along with the salad that's just perfect (the sour cream dressing is the best!). The soups are great too, and keep an eye out for the roast beef weekdays for lunch, they make a mean cheezy sandwich with it!
3	A TINY local place, the servings seem to be proportionate to the size of the restaurant.The burgers may be small, but they are great!  Just order a few of them if you're hungry.  Fries are solid and the beer is much cheaper than many other places I've seen in Montreal.Not a great place for a date, but a good bet if you're in the mood for some burgers and fries with plenty of local beer!
5	Patati......let me count the ways that I love thee.  I used to live around the block from this joint and made a weekly visit. This tiny place is unique and delicious, at times it can be packed solid, but I've never minded waiting  a few minutes to grab a table. The boys behind the counter are always extremely accommodating, offering up a beverage while you wait. I usually get  the tofu stir fry, which comes with a huge salad and fries for only $6! it's great to see a place offering several vegan options, as they are few and far between in the land of smoked meat.
5	Delicious burgers & Poutine. Not much seating.
3	Patati is a charming little place to eat ridiculously cheap junk food and drink ridiculously cheap beer, but it has to be said that its food isn't particularly amazing.  The poutine is respectable, but the burgers and grilled cheeses taste distinctly homemade. Worth checking out as a cultural destination, though, or if you're just staggering around drunk.
1	Honestly I always wanted to try this place and was disappointed....I ordered a poutine to go and honestly you don't get much for $5.16 after 4 bites its gone  sauce nothing special....oh yeah maybe its the olive they put on top that costs a fortune!!
5	We drove over the border this afternoon and made a bee line for poutine.  This is a funky little place and exactly what I hoped for.  The man behind the counter was friendly and welcoming, and he walked us through a proper poutine.  He also took US dollars! The fries were fresh, the gravy rich and the curds creamy.  A perfect marriage for a delicious heart attack!(A day later I will add that I enjoyed it more than Joe Beef.  Yes, I said it.)
4	I love this tiny spot!There's just something so old fashion about this greasy spoon. It's very small, and only run by 2 people at a time, but they are surprisingly efficient. I've only had the burgers and poutines, which are very tasty. My friend loves the fish burger. They even sell beer. Hey... what more do you want. Reasonable prices? They have those as well.
4	I love this place. $3 burgers + combo makes it $5 + tax and tip. You'd think a tiny burger wouldn't fill you up, but the fries are so good. Plus their salad makes you feel less guilty when you're engulfing the burger. Try their house dressing, it's to die for.Don't go during rush hour, it'd be a pain to wait for a seat. There's a park on the corner of Rachel and St. Laurent, so you can always order to-go and have a spontaneous picnic!
4	My first taste of poutine in Montreal was here!! Super small and cute spot! First of all, i must note how handsome the staff are from the cook to the server are! Now, back to business, i ordered the poutine, beef hamburger and a hot dog. The hamburger is slider size so you will not get full off of one burger. The hot dog was yummy! They give you a small piece of paper for you to check off what type of toppings you want for your burger/hot dog. Lastly, the poutine is tasty...fries topped with thick cheese curd pieces and smoothered in gravy! I would go back for the poutine and hot dog, not so much the burger ( the patty was a bit on the dry side).
4	What a great introduction to the city! My fiancee and I stopped in here for some poutine, based on a couple of recommendations from chowhound and were really taken with the place.The waitstaff were really courteous and patient with our lack of french. Food came quickly.I had a full order of poutine and my fiancee had Poutine et Salade. The poutines were awesome, crisp clean real potato fries, a light gravy and good curds. My only complaint was that there wasn't enough gravy to melt most of the curds, otherwise it was the best poutine I had in the city. The salad was very nicely composed and all the ingredients were fresh. I paired the poutine with a Vieux Montreal Blonde, which was passable as a Blonde Ale, but seemed like the right aesthetic fit for the restaurant. Other diners were eating these adorable tiny burgers, which seemed like an excellent late night snack.Definitely a unique and welcoming representation of the city, especially late at night. Highly recommended.
4	wonderful atmosphere, great food and beer. the guys working at this restaurant are super friendly, happy to give recommendations, and they provide excellent service. also, very affordable, with perfect size portions.
4	Came here to try their poutine but was impressed more with their burgers. The poutine looked beautiful and was prepared very well though. The burger patties they pack are small and reminiscent of a McDonald's burger in size and shape (thickness) but were seasoned well, of good quality meat and cooked perfectly also. I've never had a burger this way (and after all, its just a hamburger) but I was surprised and rather delighted nonetheless. They give you a list of toppings that you check off on like an order sheet which was pretty handy. Place is tiny and has a lot of character. Definitely a fun, quick stop when navigating around this beautiful city.
4	Their pontine is good, but I was surprise to find out that their borsch is good too!
4	We tried a lot of poutine from here, and I found it to be cheap and delicious, but salty.
5	Patati and Patata is in a prime location on the corner of st Laurent  and Rachel. The poutine has a homemade sauce  that has a sweet like aftertaste. The fresh cut French fries are fried not too crispy but not too soft, in other words, PERFECTION.  With a generous amount of cheese curds, to satisfy any cheese lover.  An important tip is to always get a salad with the poutine, (it's almost the same price) . The salads have a nice variety of greens, its a colorful salad,  orange and yellow peppers, onions, olives,  with a crispy leafy lettuce chopped to bite size.The salad also comes With the choice 4 different house dressing, my favorite is the balsamic.The fish filet is made to order, they cook everything right in front of you, on a nice fluffy roll . The filet of sole tasted fresh, moist and succulent. There is something to be said about a fish being prepared in front of you also the food is package conveniently for people on the go like myself.
5	It's a dinner, clearly. But the ambiance is so lovely. I go there and it just has this incredible warmth. Super-duper cheap. On a summerday, nothing better than walking around, stopping there for a hot-dog. Simply fabulous.
4	I really enjoy this little resto on St. Laurent. It is cozy on a frigid day and offers cute slider tofu burgers for cheap. Their poutine is very good and the price is always right. Try it out!
4	This little hole in the wall is a DEFINITE MUST TRY at the St Laurent Blvd area. The Cheeseburger with bacon burger slider was very moist and juicy.  Poutine was the best we ever had and the desserts are AMAZING!!! It was our first time to try the Rein Elisabeth which is a sweet date cake with a nice frosting... It was so good; My husband was still looking for it the next morning!!! Their brownie is VERY decadent; very well done, Patati Patata... You've made new fans here!!It's in the same strip as Schwartz but trust me.. You won't regret coming here!
5	This is a great little diner. The food is good and cheap, and the service is fast. I had the Luke Special* which is a western omelette sandwich, fries and a coffee. I paid $5 and a few coins for the filling and delicious meal. I'm not surprised that this place boasts a big line-up. Patati Patata is great!* Author's note: I've since forgotten the name of it. I'm pretty sure it's called that.
1	Well, I was able to eat the poutine. Although ..to me, dark fries like that usually signal dirty cooking oil.  Here is my major complaint, there are a lot of fruit flies in the place. It kind of made me sick to my stomach.  This to me, signifies...dirty, unclean, not hygienic enough.    Some people give the excuse you can't control the fruit flies, but i have always found it is only places that arent regularly cleaned deeply...and I don't mean once a month.  Well just my opinion. Nice staff..when they don't shout out how much the last customer tipped them in front of you.......It's not the best place in Montreal.
4	Fantastic poutine! Ordered poutine, a pitcher of beer, and veggie burger. The veggie burger was so good I had to get a second. Overall, the prices are okay, but the portions are small and there aren't a whole lot of seats available, so I wouldn't recommend this for large groups unless you're doing takeaway.
5	Self-proclaimed poutine-obsessed girl checking in. On my latest visit to Montreal my friend had the challenge of bringing me the best poutine in the area. I was in town for three days and was getting nervous when our schedules didn't match up on the first two days. However, the stars aligned on day three and I ended up with warm take-out poutine from Patati Patata in my hands. While this was actually my friend's second favorite poutine place, he thought I would prefer it over the other. He ordered me one with peppers, onions, and shaved beef. I usually opt for the traditional but I'm glad he forced me to go beyond that. The fries were crunchy on their own, but gave way to the gravy and became softer. This may sound bad, but I like when the fries can absorb the gravy without becoming mushy. The cheese curds were the perfect temperature even after traveling. The outside of each nugget was just starting to become warm and gooey while the inside left a cooler, squeakier end to the bite. All of the toppings worked together. I especially enjoyed the fresh and colorful peppers. I'm so used to poutine being different versions of brown, but the red and yellow peppers made the visual experience of my meal quite pleasurable. I can't say anything to the interior of the building, service, or really anything besides this one dish, but my poutine senses were thrilled and I could go back to the states a happy girl.
5	A Montreal delicacy. A must-try for all! It's teensy-weensy and sometimes has a lineup, but it is well worth the experience. You see the food all made in front of you and the staff are extremely courteous and chill. The portions are the perfect size to not be wasteful, which I love, and the food tastes fresh! The best spot for a quick run of poutine!
5	Yes. just the best place. First of all best poutine in the area, the fries are skinny and perfect, and they smother them in cheese and it's just. the. best. The tofu burgers are amazing and they offer half pitchers which are perfect for lunchtime. It's a very small place and most of the time you'll have to wait for a seat but it's worth it!! or you can order take out. I love it.
4	You have a pretty good menu over there. There's one inconvenient, the place is extremely small. However, the poutine over there is totally worth it. It's very good and probably the least greasy I've had the chance of eating so far.
4	Is this poutine heaven or is this real life? I wish it was a big restaurant rather than a tiny diner so I can eat there more often.
5	I'm from Halifax and I have sworn that I had the best poutine at a small fry cart in northern New Brunswick. I can say, THIS is the best poutine of all time. Nothing can or will trump this. The fries are perfectly crispy, the gravy is savoury and not too salty.Of course, the perfect pairing to poutine is beer and a burger. These burgers are sliders but damn good.I live in Ottawa now and every time I pass through Montreal (once a month) I have to stop by here
5	All I can say is FANTASTICAbsolutely fantastic. Had the roast beef, mushroom and fresh peppers, Poutine and some great beer. Took my wife and kids (5&6) they loved it. It's a must. Why are you still reading this. Go, eat you will love the people and the food. Go forth and eat!!!
5	This is a CLASSIC St Laurent street eatery. Its tiny as tiny can get but its the food is the main criteria and it is amazing.Ages ago i used to live in the neighbourhood and would eat here on a regular basis. I've been here so many times that i know instinctively how to order my food to go (which is the best option during the summer)For me this place has the best fries in town. I prefer the stringy, crispy fries (oddly enough have not tried their poutine yet!)The hamburgers is what i always get (unless i'm there for breakfast) and two burgers are always sufficient to hit the spot. Maybe its the crisp toastyness of the bun that adds to the taste. Note: If you suffer from claustrophobia, better get your friend to order for you. This place is tiny and on a busy evening.....
4	A classic burger joint on the main - hard to beat / simple unpretentious little diner. Can't go wrong!
5	I love coming to Patati Patata whenever I'm visiting Montreal! The place is very quaint and small, but when you are able to grab a seat by the window or the bar, enjoy the small details that the place offers. You can definitely find one of the best classic poutine here! The fries are freshly made (thinner than normal, which I prefer) and the portion of fries/gravy/cheese is simply perfect!! I'm drooling as I'm writing this...
3	Classic greasy spoon in the mile-end. I tried their poutine, and it was just okay. Powder type gravy, fresh cheese and fries, topped with a completely useless olive. Poutine tasted fine, it looked fine, but it's not all that different in quality or composition than any other greasy spoon you'll find around. At least it was just $5. This place is a lot more about the location (on St-Laurent, near the parcs) and the vibe (tiny old school Quebec diner) than the food. That's okay, just not worth repeat visits unless you're going to become a regular.Tip: if you can get one of the two person tables by the north facing windows - it totally changes the experience. A very nice spot to people watch on St-Laurent & Rachel.
5	The poutine was awesome!! I don't have much to compare it to since it was my first time having poutine, but it was really good. The atmosphere was real chill as well. I would definitely go here again.
2	One of my only disappointing meals while in Montreal. Stopped in around midnight and had a friendly guy help me interpret the French menu. I decided on a burger and poutine under the guise that it was $6.50. My French sucks so I apparently misunderstood the guy/menu and my bill ended up being like $9 instead.That wouldn't have been so bad if I a) got good service, b) liked my meal, or c) got what I ordered. The guy couldn't come out from behind the counter so I had to clean my own table since he couldn't reach.  Another no biggie but added to the experience. Got my burger first (and it was made waaaay after I ordered it) and it was just ok.  The poutine came next and it was not the one with the vegetables I asked for. But I didn't want to make a fuss. It was also just ok. I had to pretty much beg a worker to take my money as he was focused on other people. In fairness, he apologized for the price misunderstanding. But it was just overall a meh experience. I can't imagine I'll be back with so many other options in the area.
5	Great sliders, fries, and poutine.This little greasyspoon lunch counter has some of the tastiest burgers in the city, and while they're closer in size to sliders, the price is perfectly right whether you want to have one or two. They also make great tofu and fish burgers, too.Of course, no greasyspoon is complete without good fries, and their julien fries are some of the best in the city. I'd suggest trying your choice of one or two burgers with the fries/salad plate, but upgrading the fries to a poutine is a pretty solid idea, too. There are a number of other French Canadian classics on the menu, ranging from shepherd's pie to (all day) greasy breakfast, that are all worth trying, so return visits are highly recommended if you're really high quality diner fare.The only challenge is that seating is very limited, so you might want to consider takeout if you mind waiting a few minutes for a spot.
5	I am not an expert of poutine and I came here because people kept saying I can find the best poutine here. I can't compare but I was happy with my meal. I love that they put a lot of veges in poutine so that it will be less unhealthy. Guys at this place who served my poutine were so cute and friendly.
4	The poutine is obviously highly recommended here, but other reviews tend to downplay the other food on the menu.  This was my first poutine experience, and I'm not a fan...but this isn't their fault.  I just don't care for the dish in general, but I was surprised at how good the burgers were.  Like everyone says, the price point is ideal.  Having splurged at many other places, it was nice to get a delicious meal for a more affordable price.  The burger is great with bacon and cheese, and the tofu burger is good if you like tofu - comes with some kind of hummus that I thought was really delicious.  I would definitely go back there again, and recommend it for those in Montreal.
4	Loved the poutine. It was the perfect portion size, not too small and not too large. loved the cheese curd however, the sauce was a tad bit salty for my taste. And I loved the fact that the sauce is vegan! I also had their Tofu burger and fell in love with the tofu and hummus combo. Highly recommend this place. This place is very busy so, I was lucky to find a spot in the corner.
4	I came here in Summer 2013 (twice) and I loved it!  Their prices are very reasonable and I ordered take out twice because I didn't want to wait for a table.  The restaurant is very small and can only seat up to around 15 people I believe.The burgers are very cheap (I believe around two bucks) so ordering two will fill you up easily.  Their fish burger is also very tasty and their poutine is decent.  The walk from central Montreal is perhaps 15-25 minutes so I feel like it's worth it since there is a lot to see on the way to this restaurant.The restaurant is actually pretty hard to spot because the name is kind of hidden so you might want to look it up on google images to prepare yourself. (or just use GPS on your phone if you have data)  Patati Patata is the epitome of the term  "cheap eats" and definitely should be visited by anybody, not only people on a budget!
5	I came here with a friend while we were visiting Montreal for the first time. Neither of us speak French but the staff was very helpful and patient with us! The food was also very very good! My friend ordered the poutine and she said it was the best she's ever had. I had a burger and it was excellent, not too big. Overall, it is a great little place and they were very friendly!
4	Best poutine we had in Montreal. Much better than another famed place (*cough* Resto La Banquise *cough*). Good gravy, good fries, tasty cheese. Our curds didn't squeak, so take that for what it's worth to you.Tip: get the poutine with the peppers and mushrooms. There's only a couple, but it's the same price ($6 something), and it's delicious.If the weather's nice, go enjoy it in the park across the street.
5	I love this place for many reasons.  I work late so it's great to have something else opened besides a McDonalds.  Of course, patati patata is not comparable to McDs.  They have cheap prices for delicious food.  The staff is very friendly and I love to watch the speed they cook and serve at, it's a show in itself. I usually get the roast beef platter and their homemade ice tea.  Both are always delicious. I have also tried their delicious burgers and French onion soup. Very good.
5	what an adorable, packed place!! it was full of locals and tourists and the 3 guys working were super calm and very friendly! they have a pretty big and impressive menu for such a small place! I had the vegan breakfast while my mom had the egg and chess omelette plate and my cousins hamburgers and fries. the poutine looked amazing too. all in all: a very inviting and friendly atmosphere with quickly made, traditional food that the whole family can enjoy :)
5	My cousin and her boyfriend took the friend and I to this tiny diner on Saint Laurent for lunch. The phrase "Patati Patata" is similar to "Hakuna Matata" from what I was told. The diner is this really cute and small place with an outgoing staff. They sell basic fast food items at super cheap prices! I opted for one hamburger and some fries with sauce. The burger was slider-size, which was why it was only $2.50. One of the employees told me that people usually order two to have their fill. If you decide to order a burger, you get a slip of paper to check off the toppings and sauces that you want on it. I liked their fries because they were done fresh. My friend, who got the fries without the sauce, told me the sauce made them taste saltier (I personally couldn't tell).Patati Patata is a very casual place and great for a quick meal for any time of the day. You wouldn't go out of your way to visit it but if you want something fast and cheap, this is the place to be! Definitely drop by if you are ever on Saint Laurent and looking for some light to eat.
5	Dropped in while walking up St-Laurent. Can't say enough about the hot dog ( maybe the best I've ever had), delicious fries and cold Boreal. Service was outstanding. Great neighborhood with people watching galore. A must visit.
3	Finally, I went to Patati Patata and tried their Poutine. Since I am a loyal Poutine lover and big fan, I gotta say that It wasn't THAT good..I mean yes it was good gravy and good cheese ....but I expected BETTER! when you look at the fires, you can tell they're not really good and in a good shape! I didn't find the Poutine better than any regular resto I usually try...The staff were really nice and friendly, and as always the place was packed! I ended up eating my poutine on the bench on Rachel Street in front of  PP. (wasn't a very smart thing to do, you know"cough" homeless will keep sticking around "cough" )After all, Patati Patata was good but not great!
5	I experienced my first poutine at this place. Nice quaint little place, but the food is amazing! I'm glad I got to experience my poutine here. Actually went to this place twice in one day. One for lunch and one for after late night drinking.
5	This teensy, adorable restaurant was recommended to me by a friend who lives locally. After driving Ny to Montreal, we were hankering for something good to nosh on.This place has awesome poutine! The gravy is hot and somewhat melts the cheese curds all over your fries. Fabulous! Who wouldn't like that? I had the classic poutine for $5.50CAD and boyfriend got a slight variation with patatine, which also had mushrooms, onions, and peppers. We both loved what we got.Best of all, the place is very reasonably priced. Boyfriend and I went back a second time for more poutine, a grilled cheese, BLT, and a burger. These burgers are $2.50, with a piece of paper and pencil for you to cross off what you want on your burger. Wonderful. Anything that helps me write down exactly what I want and not have to describe to the cooks that I want a little of this and a little of that- is all welcome in my book. Speaking of which, the young guys who work there are all really friendly, attentive, and even though they were very busy, gave us great recommendations and instructions for local things to do. Great spot!
5	Best Poutine we had on our trip!!! This is a must!!!! Cruchy fries, awesome gravy and the curds were to die for!
5	I consider this place a microcosm of the city of Montreal: unique, bafflingly inexpensive, and phenomenally put together. Some of the best poutine I've had, though the best part to me were the mini burgers that start at a mere $2.50. The place is small, so be willing to wait if you intend to stay and eat. Needless to say, it will be worth it.
4	Nice tiny diner here you can pick up a burger, drink, and poutine while all not taking a huge hit to your wallet. It's pretty cozy and the chefs are cooking right in front of your face.
5	I used to lived right at their cornerIt was my fav food spot aroundExcellent service by the Cook/waiterAnd good typical american foodIts really small means Its often crowdy with out a free sit
