5	Every year I come to the Concourse for a convention during Memorial Day Weekend.  Every year I go home happy and contented.  This is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.  I look forward to going back all year long.  Their staff is incredibly nice and well-trained, the rooms are lovely and clean and comfortable, the restaurants are pretty good but the hotel is so near lots of amazing outside restaurants that you have plenty of choice, and they have free Internet.  If you have the budget for it, book a room on the Governor's Level.  You won't be disappointed.  Not only do you get a slightly higher level of service, you get access to the Governor's Lounge where they serve free continental breakfast, snacks and cookies throughout the day, appetizers in the evenings, and really nice baked goods for desert.  Plus, they have a free bar which is actually free, no strings attached.  And the bartender is such a wonderful guy.  he deserves all the tips we give him and more.As I said, the hotel is right near lots of great restaurants as well as Madison's new museum.  You're blocks away from the capital building and some book stores and the University.  The hotel provides a shuttle from the airport, so if you don't need to go anywhere specific in town, you don't need to rent a car.  If you're there on a Saturday, go tot he farmer's market around the capitol.  It's really amazing.I have nothing bad to say about this hotel.  There have been a very few times when I've had problems and the staff fixed each one quickly, apologized profusely, and were incredibly polite and pleasant to me the whole time.  Whoever trains these people in customer service should get a medal and a raise, because the staff here has it down to a T.Highly recommended.
5	My boyfriend and I stay here each time we come to Madison - it's definitely a great setup!    I personally think Madison is like Pleasantville..  the city has the NICEST most down-to-earth people and it seems like almost uncanny how out of their way complete strangers will go for you.  This definitely adds to the appeal of a nice weekend getaway to Madison, but the hotel in and of itself is great. We have always booked the room by using priceline.com.  You wouldn't believe how cheap you can get a room for the weekend.    The hotel is close to all of the shopping and restaurants.   The staff is very sweet and actually remembers us each time we come.    Ask for Oliver - he's our favorite.    Also, if you're visiting and aren't familiar, make sure you go to the farmer's market which is only a stone's throw away.  It's probably 25 miles long (okay, I'm exaggerating), but it's AMAZING!
4	This is a pretty good hotel, which was in walking distance of everywhere I needed to go while I was in Madison for the Forward Music Festival.I have no complaints - everything was great except for the fact that they didn't seem to have my reservation, which I booked through their site a month before.  But this was no problem.  they hooked me up with a room and were nice about everything.If you can  - upgrade to the Governor's Club.  I didn't and I'm kind of mad I didn't.  I'm intrigued by their separate elevators and promises of free booze and food.  Plus, I like being part of elitist-sounding clubs, especially when it only costs me $20 extra a night.I almost forgot - these are really comfy pillows.  I think they have them made special or something.  They also have them for sale.  I thought about it.  And I'm pretty cheap.
3	The hotel is in an excellent location near the Capitol and State Street. It's about a mile from the main campus. I found the room to be very dated and the walls thin. The concierge was just okay. The shuttle driver from the airport arrived promptly and was very friendly. The lobby is beautiful and spacious.
3	The Concourse Hotel's location can't be beat - walking distance to all of downtown, including the UW campus.The good:  The beds and pillows are super-comfortable!  I'm 6 months pregnant, and I didn't want to get out of bed!  The lobby is beautiful and welcoming, and the staff are likewise.  On the third floor, the Concourse has a pool and superb but small fitness center (free weights, treadmill, elliptical, etc.)The bad:  We could hear everything (even quiet conversations) from the hallway.  There was a 1/4" gap between our door and the door frame, through which the hallway lights (and noise) streamed through.  The bathtub in our room had a slow drain, so that even after a short shower, I found myself standing in a couple of inches of water.  The housekeeping staff, although friendly and courteous, did not pick up dirty glasses when cleaning the room.  We had a few science projects growing in our orange juice glasses by checkout time.I would stay here again for the location and beds/pillows, but maybe upgrade to Governor's Club.
5	arrived here late Sunday eve. and i write this comment because this was my best hotel experience i've had in two weeks of traveling through northeast and midwest. in that time i stayed at Ace in NYC, 21C MuseumHotel in Louisville amongst others and this was the most accommodating. great price, checkout time, room comfort, view, access to restaurants and very friendly.  in addition, we were traveling with sea kayaks on top of car, which caused concern for the security of boats and the hotel accommodated us with a perfect parking space that added to our comfort and stay in Madison.
4	A really fantastic hotel experience.We arrived here at 11:30pm and was able to find a parking spot in their underground parking garage that's attached to the hotel itself.  Nice.  Once we got out of the car all we had to do was go through the door and take the elevator up two floors before we were deposited in the hotel lobby.  Went up to the front desk attendendant.   He was very nice.  He welcomed us to Madison, asked us how many room keys we'd like - two please - showed us what elevators to take to get to our room and wished us a very nice stay.The room itself was decent.  Clean and comfortable, a good two steps above what I was expecting to be honest. Complimentary coffee, shampoo, conditioner, moisturizer, and soap, which I took home with me.  Thank you very much.All in all, a very comfortable hotel in the heart of downtown Madison.  We enjoyed our stay and loved the fact that we could park our car and walk everywhere.  Also, the parking fees were only $7 a night and charged to our bill via the room key.  To check out all we had to do was swipe our key in the key reader upon exiting the parking garage and we were good to go.Gosh I just love easy breezy service like that!
4	Never mind the kid that threw up in the pool, making the whole area unusable for a full day.  These things happen.  (It wasn't me) Besides THAT debacle, we had a great stay.   Awesome location and heated parking.  Done and done.The room was pretty standard in terms of decor and comfort.  The pool/sauna/hot tub area were also pretty standard hotel-wise in terms of indoor facilities, nothing too fancy, but enjoyable, nonetheless. The lobby is clean and the staff polite, although I wished there was a bit more space to lounge around - the lobby is more functional than hospitable.  Fridges don't necessarily come in the room (they'll guarantee one's in there for $10/night), otherwise they just seem to wind up where they wind up.  We were lucky and scored one by chance, yes!  No microwaves in the room, but there is one in the game room which is accessible 24hrs a day.  Parking is underground, $7/day and you have in-out privileges using your keycard.  We got a fantastic rate using Priceline, but maybe that's because it was an off-night in January.  BOTTOM LINE:  Great staff, nice hotel, and awesome location within walking distance to everything you could want.
2	We stayed at the Concourse because of it's convenient location, and because my husband convinced me that it was nicer than the other places we'd stayed in Madison.  The bar was nice, and the complimentary drink coupons made it even nicer.  The staff was friendly enough and the bed was comfy.  It's walking distance from State Street, which is convenient for those of us who like to imbibe a bit.  The bathroom was gross.  For what we paid, I would hope for a bathroom that had been updated in the last 30 years.  It wasn't "historical" or "antique".  It was old, the fixtures were cheap and it was generally disgusting.  It's not worth the money, but the choices in Madison are limited.
4	The staff here make the place. Everyone is very nice and professional. The hotel is nice but a little updating couldn't hurt. Food from room service was great. I especially liked this chocolate brownie ice cream desert which was small but so much better than I was expecting and nicely presented. The location is ideal and make seeing Madison on foot quite easy. Its a lovely little city.
5	I had an amazing stay under this hotel's hospitality. Then again, I had the luxury of staying in its governor's club, something I highly recommend everyone to do if they get the chance. I came the weekday night before veteran's day and from a New Yorker's perspective, it was pretty affordable at $149/night, but I don't know how that compares to the cost of living in Madison.The amenities that came with the room were amazing!For it's governor's club guests, it gave us a private bar with COMPLIMENTARY drinks all day in one of the top floors that can only be accessed with a governor's club room keycard. They also place out free desserts and hor d'oeuvres at designated times during the day and give out free bottles of water for your daily outdoor excursion. With a private concierge and prime location downtown, both of these made my first experience in Madison a smooth one. I also had a beautiful room with a view facing the state capitol and I have to say the biggest perk staying with the governor's club beside its private elevator is that you can request for room service to bring free drinks to your room even after the bar closes at 10pm.But what really sealed the deal for me in this hotel is that I checked out at 7:30am and in my haste I forgot a bag of Wisconsin local cheese from Fromagination in my room mini-fridge. I called back around 2pm and the hotel was able to retrieve it for me. I don't know if this was a good or bad thing to clean the rooms so late after check-out, but their organization definitely worked out in my favor.I highly recommend staying in this hotel because you offered me the hospitality of a high-end hotel without the high-end price tag.
3	Here is my breakdown for the 3-star rating:5 stars for bed and pillows3 stars for free wifi (very hard to configure, and I know what I'm doing)2 stars for the room itself (it tries to be more, but ultimately is average at best)1 star for the 20 year old Zenith TVs with limited channels5 stars for location3 stars for price2 stars for thin walls 2 stars for small bathroom1 stars for no fridgeBasically, they have a great location. They try to be more than they are. They are OK with the price and have good beds. I won't mind staying there again, but will seek elsewhere if given a choice.
4	Nice hotel in a great location.  Large rooms and comfy beds.  Check out the Governor's club with free food and drinks.
5	This is a great hotel! The staff are very nice. I wanted to move my room to be closer to friends during a convention and they did it with no hesitation and quick too! 10 minutes after I asked I had a room right next door to my buddies. It is also walking distance to the university and lots of shops and restaurants. The lake is also just a walk away! There is a shuttle to the hotel during specific hours, if you flight leaves or arrives not in those times they will pay for a taxi for you. The rooms have not really been updated recently. But who really stays in their room during a vacation? They have everything you need, but don't expect really fancy rooms. There is a nice sized indoor pool if that is your thing and a gym right by it. The restaurant inside is pretty good. Went there for breakfast the day we were leaving because it was raining and the prices are very reasonable and the food was very good. Our waiter was perfect. There when we needed him, not there when we didn't. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!
4	My husband and I visited Madison for a long weekend recently and enjoyed staying at this hotel.  The rooms are tastefully decorated and the hotel lobby, restaurant, and bars are classy.  The beds were awesome!  We slept very well during the trip.  The location is extremely convenient to the restaurants and shopping on State Street and we had a nice view of the Capitol building.  We were, however, disappointed by the "perks" of the Governor's Club level.  We paid a significant premium for our room in order to have access to a continental breakfast and an extended happy hour with complimentary cocktails and hors d'oevres from 4:30 - 10:30 PM.  Unfortunately, the designated Governor's Club room was always packed during these times and was not relaxing in the least.  My husband ventured over there on his own the first night and waited at least 20 minutes to get his free cocktail, after which he stood out in the hallway since there were no available chairs.  We enjoyed ourselves much better at "The Bar" on the main floor, which was sexy and quiet.  We would certainly stay here again, but would choose the standard room next time.
2	The Concourse gets away with a lot because I think they know that they're the only game in town. There is the Edgewater with great views, but it's run down and the city won't let it be taken over by someone who may refurbish it. The Hilton Monona Terrace is beautiful, but more expensive. So, to their credit, the Concourse is cornering the market. However, because of this advantage, I feel that some things in the hotel are not looked after as they should be. I was allowed to stay in an adjoining room with noise levels that interrupted my sleep for 5 days before being asked if I'd like to be moved. I was not offered one thing in recompense for my discomfort and lack of sleep. I was also never compensated for a poor meal service that I received via room service. The fish was hard and dry and I complained...never to hear from anyone again. My coffee makers didn't function FOUR CONSECUTIVE TIMES and they kept bringing up old coffee makers that had lime/rust stains in the water chamber. I felt like I may get Legionnaire's from drinking the coffee. I finally had to ask for a new machine fresh from the manufacturer's box and was sent one immediately. How was that not the FIRST choice in problem solving? When asking about laundry, I was told that I must go outside the hotel and be taken by shuttle to a local laundromat. It was 9p.m. and I asked if the local laundromat was open late. The front desk staff sort of pretended to be looking up information on the internet and then he asked a supervisor if laundry was open late in the city. She had a phone against her ear talking to someone else and just nodded "no." I found out later that the laundromat is open until midnight. I had precious little time in my visit to do laundry and could have gotten it done that evening, but was brushed off as a nuisance. The decor in each room is old and just plain standard...nothing special. The wall sconces are all cheap and don't sit on the walls properly...sort of leaning off the left or right like you would find in a Super 8. The amenities are standard. I have seen the same gym equipment at Holiday Inn Express.The best thing about this hotel is the restaurant (Dayton Street Grill) and the location.
3	Although I still believe that the front desk staff at the Concourse have serious communication and follow-up issues, I must say that Customer Service Manager Stephanie LaBella spent about an hour with me on the phone trying to not only get a clear picture of the problems that I experienced but trying to solve them as best she could by taking notes and formulating a plan for staff meetings and updates. She even offered to refund some of my room charges due to poor service. I believe that she did the very best that she could do to help me feel heard and appreciated as a customer and I honor that. I cannot rate the hotel above a 3, but I can rate her service as 5 stars.
5	My wife and I were married at the Concourse and come back most years to celebrate our anniversary. Its' a terrific place for a large event and just as good for a weekend away. I'd recommend staying in the Governor's club. You get free top shelf drinks, free breakfast, free hor d'oeuvres at night, all in private bar on the top floor, with an exceptional view of the Capitol.They also have a nice little pool/spa area and are located within walking distance from just about anything you could want to do downtown.I know they did some renovations recently. All the rooms we've had have been updated and VERY comfortable.Jodi (director of catering) was a true pleasure to work with for our wedding. She's extremely professional and on top of everything.
1	Wow, what an awful hotel experience. I've stayed in many a hotel, but this was by far the worst experience I've ever had.  First off, I get to the room and notice that the room is very small.  This is not to be expected from a room that costs $300 for the evening.  It's tiny.  The "king" sized bed couldn't have been King-sized because I'm 6'3" and my feet were dangling off the end of the bed.  When most three-star hotels have a larger-screen tv than this hotel, you know something is wrong.  Also, because the tv was wall-mounted, I couldn't plug in my laptop and utilize all the movies I'd brought because you can't get to the HDMI input in the back of the tv as it is blocked by the wall mount.  At Hyatt Place hotels, for example, they have inputs right next to the desk for easy use.I attended the "free" governor's club reception which was supposed to contain free cocktails and appetizers.  The appetizers consisted of quiche (blech) and raw vegetables.  Period.  The free cocktails consisted of a single bartender (backing himself) waiting on over 100 people.  I sat leaning over the bar for over 20 minutes and was never served a drink.  I got tired of waiting and left.  So much for "free" drinks.The room was supposed to have a whirlpool tub.  It was the only reason I got the room.  The website shows pictures of an in-room jacuzzi type tub.  However, when I got to the room, the "tub" was just the bathroom tub.  Now, this may not matter to most people, but to me, it's extremely disappointing.  What if someone has to go to the bathroom while you're both soaking in the tub?  The other person has to get out, dry off, exit the room and then come back in to a room smelling like bowel movement.  Gross! It makes a huge difference where a jacuzzi type tub is located and I feel like they lied to me.We ran into another couple on the elevator ride down who told us that they were eating at the hotel restaurant.  We ran into them on the way back from the dinner we ate in town and they had gotten food poisoning at the hotel's restaurant, "Dayton street grille."  Instead of giving them their $185 meal for free as they spent the night vomiting it all up, the hotel staff instead gave them 2 "complimentary" bottles of pepto bismol.  Wow.Finally, the screen outside the window you can't open was loose and all night long made a very loud rattling noise.  If you don't think there isn't a lot of wind on the 14th floor of this hotel, then you are very much mistaken.  I couldn't get to sleep at all.  I'm supposed to stay a second night and, as soon as my friend wakes up, we are out of here.
5	This is an amazing hotel. I went up to madison to catch a show at a local bar and decided to just stay the night as it was going to be late anyway. Boy, what a treat. The front staff was amazing and extremely friendly. The gentleman checking us in was very informative and happy to answer any questions we may have had. Once we checked in and arrived at our room.  .wow. we had an  amazing view of the capital and the beds gave me the most comfortable,  relaxing nights sleep i've had in awhile at a hotel. If you're in Madison and you need somewhere to stay that is close to pretty much everything and has the best staff around? Come to The Concourse Hotel!
1	The Concourse was recommended to us from the coordinators of the charity event we attended, in addition, we saw all the wonderful reviews here on Yelp.  Unless you receive a Governor's Club jacuzzi room with no adjoining door to the next hotel room, don't bother.  We stayed in a Governor's Club room on the 14th floor, which shared a door with the adjoining room. The sound that came through the door was unacceptable -- I mentioned it to the front desk before we went to dinner that night (also mentioning the two large stains on our carpet) and nothing was changed, as there were no additional rooms available in the Governor's Club.  Needless to say, we woke up at 1am when our neighbors came in and again at 7:10am when they were packing up to leave.  This was not "normal" hotel noise, this sounded as if our neighbors were IN our room -- we could hear word for word and we could actually see the light shining from under the adjoining door when they were there.  Please note that these neighbors were not being "loud," this was just the most poor insulation we've ever witnessed.  I would expect this kind of thing at a Motel 8.In addition to the noise, we had two very large stains on our carpet (very tacky for a nicer "Governor's Club" Room) and honestly the room was NOTHING special.  We were traveling through NYC a couple weeks ago and the cheesy Hampton Inn in Queens by JFK was the same quality.  A single sink, normal sized room, a king bed...  Does this hotel get such high reviews because it has a large LCD TV??  That's not a draw for me, I can watch TV at home.Finally, the Governor's Club lounge was so busy the entire time it was open, we could not get in (we went at 4:45pm before our event, and then again at 10pm for dessert).  THE SAME LAME PEOPLE were there from 4:30-10:30pm (what losers! because it's free?!), complete with shorts (in February) and backwards baseball caps.  Not what I was expecting.  And, the dessert was gone at 10pm.P.S.  The parking garage, which we already paid for (it's not included in the price), was full when we returned at 10pm, so we had to valet our car. We had to get out, go inside the hotel and find someone to park our car -- how nice after a long evening..  Last time I checked, valet is typically outside waiting for guests...
5	Dan is the MAN!When people asked if I was going to Wisconsin for fun or work . . I replied,  "Who the H*ll goes to Wisconsin for fun?!?!?!"I went for EPIC certification and the Madison Concourse has a special rate for EPIC students!  Governor's suite and lounge for $150 a night!  OPEN BAR, free appetizers, king bed with tons of pillows, luxe bathrobe . . . how can I say no??!?!Who is Dan?  HE IS THE MAN.  He is the bartender at the open bar in the Gov't lounge.  Knows every drink to man and doesn't forget a face.  He is such a sweetheart and makes the meanest banana bread.  No joke, he brought in a batch and saved a couple of slices for me.  If you are ever there, ask him for a Spotted cow and a side car.Also, Johnny the shuttle driver is super nice and cute!  Everyone else . . no need to mention.
4	Very nice hotel.  The location is great because it is walking distance to everything.  The room I had was really nice.  It opened straight to the swimming pool.  The restaurant had really good food.  Although, a little pricey.
3	I am heartbroken . . . .Dan the MAN is no longer with the Concourse.I heard from some colleagues that the current employees are not allowed to discuss the matter.  BOOOOOOOO.  Deduct 1 star.  I would deduct more, but after staying at the other hotels in the area, this is still the most lively/full-service hotel in Madison.I am going to miss Dan =(
2	This old hotel has a convenient location with some rooms offering a nice lake or capitol view.  The building itself, rooms, and furnishings are dated.  Even in the upgraded "Governor's Club" the rooms seem old.  The a/c units are noisy, the mattresses are old & lifeless, and worst of all, the walls are paper thin.  You can hear your neighbors shuffling papers, talking, and flushing their toilets.  The nicest thing in the room was the plasma TV.  They offer free wifi on site but the signal was far from reliable.So there's an open bar if you upgrade to the Governor's Club.  They advertise "top shelf" booze but it's really mid-shelf.  The complementary breakfast, snacks, and desserts are hit or miss.  There is a decent fitness center, sauna, and whirlpool.  For serious meatheads the gym won't cut it.  The cardio machines are adequate and there are lcd panels to watch TV but there is only 1 pulley machine and a very limited selection of free weights.  Everything was clean and the pool area was relaxing when there were no crowds.The staff were pleasant and helpful during my 4 night stay.
3	Spent three nights recently in a Governors Club room - while the lounge was a nice perk (even had eggs in the am, so it is much more than a continental option), must agree with other reviewers about loud (and iffy) AC units and my personal pet peeve, lumpy pillows. No complaints on the service in anyway and overall a great location if you are staying in Madison. Visit the farmers market on Weds and Sat if you are around.
1	if i could give this hotel negative stars, i certainly would.the short story is:  twice now i have been charged $408 dollars (yes, total of $816) because of their incompetency, and they have done NOTHING to rectify the situation.last year, i reserved two room there for ironman wisconsin.  they have a policy to cancel room two weeks prior or more.  fair enough.  two months prior, i called them to cancel both rooms. they said everything was taken care of.fast forward to two weeks prior to ironman, i double check the online system to make sure the rooms are cancelled.  they were not.  i call the hotel again to cancel  they said everything was taken care of.  two days later, i triple check online. still not cancelled.  i call the hotel yet again.  the woman says she'll look into it and call me back.  she never does.  a $408 charge is posted to my account. i call again.  the woman says again she will look into it "but there's probably nothing i can do."  i hear nothing from her again.two weeks later, weekend of ironman, i get a voicemail from a different woman, confirming my room reservations.  i call her back, leave her a voicemail, clearly irritated at this point that the rooms were STILL not cancelled.  she calls me back, leaves a voicemail.  i call her back, leave her a voicemail, no return call.now, today, a week after ironman, i get ANOTHER $408 charge posted to my account.  this is completely unacceptable!  how can you justify charging someone $816 for YOUR mistakes!?STAY AWAY.  on top of that, it's an outdated hotel... clearly their reservation system reflects that as well.
2	I stayed here for a conference in September and stayed in a concourse room.  I was unimpressed with the hotel.The lobby would most likely be magnificent if it were bigger.  There is a grand staircase as the centerpiece but it feels like the whole lobby was mini scale. My room was on the 5th floor.  When I got off the elevator I immediately noticed an "old" smell - like an old persons house.  The decor was incredibly dated, I'm guessing 50's? And not in a kitschy way, this was probably a nice hotel the year my parents were born.  My room was no better.  Ancient decor, funky smells.  The only nice thing was the size.  It was a spacious room however I cannot understand why the bathroom was so small.  You had to straddle the toilet to open the door.  The beds were incredibly soft so if that's your thing, you'll be ok.  Either way, you will find it impossible to sleep due to the freight train like HVAC unit in the room.  Not onlynwas it as loud as a jet every time it kicked on, it was maddening to set.  It was slow to respond and inconsistent with the temperature.  I would be comfortable and then all of a sudden it was blazing hot in the room.The shower was adequate but had low pressure.  The size of the bathroom really was a downside.  But since you can't leave the door open and shower - you would not be able to exit the shower - they did have fans in the bathroom.  That helped with the humidity.I ordered room service one night and the food was average.  I ordered hummus & pitas and a white bean burger.  The hummus was good, though a little thick.  The burger was decent.  The bun was fantastic.  The burger needed something, I just  couldn't place what it needed.  It was delivered incredibly fast.  They told me 20 minutes but it was delivered in less than 10.  The waiter was really nice too.  I stayed at Cambria last time and would go back there instead of here next time.
4	Real comfortable beds... And great location.
4	Once per year, a bunch of my girlfriends and I (all UW grads) get together in Madison for some Badger fun. And every year we've stayed at The Concourse! Why stay at The Concourse? Well, it's location is pretty great...a stone's throw away from the capitol building, near plenty of restaurants, shops and the Farmer's Market when it's in season! It's also just a trot away from State Street. Regardless, the location is prime as you're close to plenty of city life yet far enough away from the dorms. The rates are usually in the $200-$250 range when it's football season. This includes two queen beds, a TV, desk, mini fridge for your curds, etc. The bathrooms are in definite need of some love, as everything from the shower to the tile looks pretty sad. Kudos to providing Bath & Body works products, though! A couple more bright spots - the staff is extraordinarily sweet, there's a free shuttle to and from the airport, there's also a free shuttle during the day and evenings! No need to trek through the crowds or the snow! Parking in the garage will run you $10 per night as will a rollaway if you have extra guests. Love to The Concourse - see you next year!
5	Get the governor's club! Open bar from 4:30 to 10:30 with your stay, awesome appetizers, real liquer...not fake well
4	The hotel can feel a little dated, but the views are outstanding. Particularly from the 12th floor governor's club. Worth the upgrade cost in exchange for the happy hour, breakfast and view. A more modern alternative in the same area would be the Hyatt Place on West Washington.
4	We stayed at the Concourse while in Madison for a wedding and was very happy with the hotel.  The location can't get much better-we were within walking distance to just about everywhere we needed to be.  The rooms were large and I love the Bath & Body Works products in the bathrooms!They have underground parking and you can go in and out whenever you want for $10/night.  They also have free Wi-Fi and a great bar near the lobby that we may or may not have visited a few times while there!  I had no problems making our reservations and check-in and check-out were painless.  The only "issue" we had was that the hallways were so hot and stuffy-guess they don't turn the A/C on out here-minor issue, but for a bridal party, we definitely noticed.  You may pay a little more here than your run of the mill chain-type hotel, but trust me-the location alone is worth it.
3	We had to be transferred to 2 different rooms before we found one with air conditioning.  There are only some rooms that are like the ones pictured on the website.  The rest of them are heavily outdated.  The bellstand guy helping us find a room with air-conditioning was EXTREMELY helpful though.  Props to him.  He didn't want to stop until he found us the perfect room.  Besides that air-conditioning fiasco, our stay was pretty nice.
5	Excellent service and the hotel is great.  Staying at the governor's club is what made this experience even better.  The only bad thing about it is the shuttle management if you are staying here for Epic.  There were many people going to Epic during my stay and there was only two shuttles available, leaving several people behind on the first trip to and from Epic.
5	I absolutely love this place! It is convenient to all things downtown on State Street. It has great views of the Capitol building. Most importantly, if you should get so lucky to get upgraded to the Governors club there will be free hors d'oeuvres and dessert not to mention great bartending. There's also a free hotel shuttle to local stops and to the airport as well as service to the epic campus.   It is the business traveler's dream.
2	Booked a room a few weeks in advance of our trip through Expedia. Booked and paid for a King Bed Premier Level room for one night. Notice I said paid, very important. When we showed up mid evening, the clerk said "due to availability we moved you to a room with two queens" Uh no. I told her no-go, that we already paid for a certain room and that type of room was expected. She went away for a few minutes then came back and said the best she could do for a King was on the Concourse Level. Then offered to give us dinner or breakfast for free. Whatever, we'll take it. She wasn't apologetic at all, acting like it was not reasonable to expect the room we booked. Had we not already paid for it, I would have cut her some slack. The room was OK, clearly the Concourse level has not been updated since the early 80's, but was fine. A/C worked good, hallway a little noisy, but nothing earplugs couldn't handle.We took the free breakfast, and it was pretty tasty. The french toast was great.I can see giving them another chance.
5	We stayed at the the Governor's Club level and had access to the governors club on the 12th floor.  Very nice room with a fantastic view of the capital (11th floor).  We had free drinks (excellent staff) and appetizers and then came back later in the night for dessert - a fantastic chocolate moose.  The parking was also free.  The room was a bit pricey, but it was our 10th wedding anniversary so we wanted something special.
3	The value of this hotel is not worth it. It looks really nice on the outside but our room is missing the room number on the outside. The bathroom light fixture is hanging out of the ceiling. The shower door is being wedged open with a 2 x 4. The room is nice.
2	Room 1036 needs repairs.The value of this hotel is not worth it. It looks really nice on the outside but our room is missing the room number on the outside. The bathroom light fixture is hanging out of the ceiling. The shower door is being wedged open with a 2 x 4.
5	The Madison Concourse is really nice, hosting one of the professional conferences I attended. I was allowed to check in early, without calling ahead (I should have), being very friendly about it. Even when they asked to move me due to a heating issues with a conjoined room, they were friendly, nice, and accommodating. I was given a free dinner for my troubles! Thanks!The catering and banquet services were also good. They were 4 out of 5 in the food area to me, regarding taste. Service was spot on! All my waiters were professional, nice, and great with accommodating vegans. I felt the waitstaff was managed very well and dressed nice. I LOVED the desserts they had. Last nice there was a dessert reception with gluten options! The food in the restaurant was a bit better and high scale. I had the roasted chicken dish, which was juicy and crispy! Again, the waitstaff and hostess were on point.The rooms were nice. Lots of space in my queen, big tv. However, not too many cable channels, but its OK. Free Wifi that worked everywhere I went in the hotel without fail. It was also high speed despite a large conference was going on.  Our conference usually complains about that to our conference committee, but not this year! I had a great view of the Capital building form my window. Fridge, iron, and hair drawer in my room. I was not able to visit the pool, but they do have one. Vending and microwave on third floor with the arcade. Lastly, the pillows here are clouds! Very nice stay at the Madison Concourse! Great job hosting our conference!
3	I recently stayed here for a conference that was also hosted on-site, and my stay was just okay.  The hotel appears a bit older than some in the area (I had been at the much newer Hyatt Place before I could get into my room here - big, big difference), but it seems generally well-kept and is located in an awesome location right next to the Capitol and near State Street.  The rooms were clean and updated to a point.  We had a slight facilities issue in that our shower drain was super slow, so you'd be up to mid-calf in water within 10 minutes.  It was a short stay, so we didn't bother to see if it could be fixed and instead just reported it at check-out.  The conference area is relatively nice with a variety of room sizes, including a large ballroom.  The catering staff was fantastic, and I genuinely enjoyed the variety of meal options throughout my stay.  Parking costs extra (around $10/night for guests) and the garage feels old and gritty, but it was nice to have an enclosed, underground structure.  WiFi was included with our stay, but we kept getting logged out of the system for some reason.  Overall, lots of pros and lots of "meh" feelings add up to A-OK.
5	Great hotel, great location and the staff were super friendly! Walking distance to many locations in the area.
5	Great Hotel, food, drinks, clean, comfy and cozy.  Hats off to the staff especially to the drivers for getting me to EPIC training on time everyday of my stay.  Awesome service!!!  I just wish the weather was better to enjoy the area.  Looking forward to my next visit.
1	Cancelled my reservation after they did a bait and switch on the room rate.  Had a confirmed reservation made weeks ago at $93 per night then yesterday received an email upping the rate to $109.  I assumed it was a hoax and informed the hotel but they confirmed that they had erred in the original rate and were now upping it.
4	Nice rooms, comfy bed, attentive staff, good location. Would stay here again. Also, Saturdays the farmers market is on the Capitol square. Great options there.
4	The bed was beyond comfy. Let's be real, when we're talking about hotels, aside from safety and location, that should be priority number one in my world. This hotel was great. It's a bit old and dated, trust that. The keycard on the door was like something out of the 1980's. But the staff went out of their way to be helpful. Not sure if this is a regular thing, but they had free coffee in the lobby in the morning. The location was ideal, and like I said, the amenities, namely the comfortable bed, was very welcome! And the wifi worked pretty well- what's not to like?I'd stay there again, and I'd tell anyone looking for a good location in Madison, a helpful staff, and a comfy bed to do the same!
4	This hotel was very very nice. Not five star awesome nice, but 4 star pretty damn good nice.  We spent three nights and paid for a room on the Governor's Club level with an air tub.  Unfortunately did not get to use the air tub as we spent less time at the hotel than expected.  Staff was very professional, courteous.  If bellmen are available, they WILL shuttle you to nearby locations.  We went to Sardine for dinner and it was going to be 20 min for shuttle, so we took a cab, but we called for ride back and they had the shuttle there within 5 min, and driver was so apologetic he couldn't take us to dinner.  Room was very nice.  Bed and pillows were super comfortable.  Granite topped tables.  Refrigerator but no microwave.  NICE glasses (I hate staying in a hotel where the glasses for water, etc are tiny).  Free bottled water.  Bath and Body Works lotion, shampoo, etc.  Nice big flat screen tv, with in room movies.  Oh, and the view of the Capitol was amazing.  Couldn't hear too much noise from other rooms.Finally, the Governor's Club.  Free breakfast, hor d'ouerves, dessert, and drinks.  Only had drinks here one night, but the bartender made a spot on brandy old fashioned sweet.  Hor d'ouerves were good, as were the desserts, although the one night I got dessert, there was hardly anything there at 9:15 when I went down (supposed to start at 9) and I went back later and still nothing refreshed.  Breakfast the two days I went there had a large assortment of pastries, fruit, cereal, bagels/bread, scrambled eggs, french toast, and juice.  Had the eggs, which were great.The two main drawbacks to me:  1) No icemakers on the floors, you have to call for ice, which I dislike.  2)  No in room safe.  For a fancy hotel, I think an in room safe is standard.  We took our valuables to our car to lock there when we were gone, which was a PITA.
4	Recently stayed at this hotel. I hadn't been back to WI since I moved 11 years ago, but it was just as nice as I remembered.I only had two complaints. I found the parking to be very confusing. I entered an underground garage but all the spots were full. There was not a sign outside that said "full". I ended up pulling out of the parking lot and parked in a city lot for the day. I'm not sure if there is more than one parking garage, or if it just small..... It wasn't a big deal, but just confusing.The only other complaint is that it took quite awhile to check in. It was about 3 in the afternoon, but they only had one staff person working at first and then a second person started after they realized a line was building. There were two weddings at the hotel that weekend and a convention, so it was quite busy.I didn't stop at the lounge on the first floor, but it looked like a nice place to get a meal or drink.The room was great. Beds were very comfortable. Bathroom was quite spacious and had really nice soaps/lotions, etc.It's in a great location. Close walk to anything in downtown Madison. I would recommend and look forwarding to visiting again!!
4	So... I didn't stay here. I wedding reception-ed here.('Twas not my wedding reception.)Alright, so...An A+ banquet staff. Professional, courteous, and on point, on the real. A lovely, accommodating space.And the bathrooms were super-nice, too. Bonus!The Concourse managed two wedding receptions in one night no problem. Kudos to having a GM and staff that can hang.Were I staying in Madison I'd certainly entertain the notion of staying at this hotel. Quatro!
4	Came here for a conference, did not stay overnight.  The conference facilities are simple and elegant, with a large variety of room sizes available.  Very nicely appointed.  The catering was excellent, and the hotel is beautiful.Had a drink at The Bar, and the bartender was fantastic - friendly, willing to make me a special weird drink, and very easy-going.  Location is great for seeing the meat of what's good in downtown Madison.
4	Didn't actually stay in the rooms, just downstairs for a three-day conference and several meals. Clean, good staff, ok food. Little snack shop in the lobby. For as nice as this hotel is, the rooms seemed pretty affordable ($89 a night I guess?) but maye that was the group rate.
4	Rooms were smelly -- too many chemicals trying to cover up the stench of previous guests.  Tried to air out the room, but the window only opened a couple inches.Front desk staff was inept.Location is great.Parking was reasonable at $10 / day.The bar was really nice though.  And cheap.  Service was perfect.  Bumps them up a star.I'd stay here again for the location and bar.
5	What a difference from room 1036 we stayed in a year ago!We stayed on the 12th floor with access to the Governor's Club which had free drinks...not just beer and wine but cocktails too. The Thursday night bartender was a great conversationalist and friendly. The room was spacious, we had a lake view and it was an actual lake view. Loved that even though our room was right outside is the Governor's Club we didn't hear any commotion going on and we also didn't hear the housekeeper knocking on rooms in the morning.Never a good thing to be woken up with the housekeeper rapping on the neighbor's door at 8am after a late night at the Majestic Theater seeing Greensky hearing: 'Housekeeping, you want mint for pillow?'  Very nice, will stay here again.
4	Clean hotel with good location near the square. Check in was easy and parking downstairs at $10 overnight WITH in/out privileges was a nice surprise. The room was spotless and pretty updated. We did peek into the bar area to see what it was like, and it was the weirdest hotel bar ever. A very low-ceiling room (was this an old meeting room?) with a tiny bar in the back corner. Other than that, it was a nice hotel. I would stay here again.
3	Visited for a conference so did not stay over.  The facilities are okay.  Ballrooms are fairly nice - if cut-up weirdly.  Other breakout room were strange.The weirdest part was sharing the meeting space with another group and it almost seemed like every other room we leap-frogged with them.  Why the intermixing of the groups?  Very confusing and some of our people made the mistake of going in to their lunch...and we had to walk through their exhibitor displays.  Tight quarters.
5	This hotel is a reasonably priced gem in the heart of downtown Madison. It was my first time to Madison, so I didn't know what to expect - but this hotel is near loads of great eateries and cute shops (and the capitol, of course). Beyond the location, the service was excellent. Easy check in, easy check out, and REALLY friendly staff. Plus, they have a shuttle that will take you to places around Madison. It took our group out to dinner one night (plus they picked us up when we were done) and they drove us to and from the bus station upon arrival and departure. The restaurant in the hotel is pretty good (better than many hotel restaurants). Had a good breakfast for really cheap and had a good burger and fries for lunch. Fitness area is super nice, and it has a pool. Parking appeared to be cheap. Rooms were large and clean.All in all a great experience. I'd stay there again.
5	My girlfriend secured a lovely room at this hotel via Travelocity's secret booking feature for something around $80 at an absolute steal.  We had a single bedroom booked but they upgraded us to a two.  More pillows!The room was gorgeous and tasteful and the location near the Capital building and state street can't be beat. Sadly we didn't get around to any of the neat features like the arcade or the sauna, but I will say the shower in the bathroom is beautiful.If I had the option to stay here every time I would.
5	My wife and I stayed at the Madison Concourse for our anniversary a few days ago and had one of the best hotel experiences either one of us can remember.  I ordered flowers from a major online florist and had them sent to the hotel so they'd be there when we arrived.  When the hotel took delivery of the flowers, they found that they were frozen and dead, and took it upon themselves to get a replacement bouquet.  When we walked in the room, the flowers were there and my wife was amazed.  In addition to that, every employee, from the front desk to maintenance, went out of their way to make our (and everyone else's) stay fantastic.  Modern rooms, very comfortable beds, beautiful views, central location and a great workout/pool facility are all reasons to stay at this top-notch hotel.
5	I've been to Madison a few times for work. I was recommended to stay here because it is central to many great places to eat, and it sure is! If you're here for business and need to find something to do after work, this is the place. Shops, bars, museums...not to mention the State Capitol is all within walking distance. The staff at the hotel is very friendly, I have yet to encounter someone rude at this establishment. If you point out something, even if it doesn't relate to the hotel....they will find some way to apologize (Me = the weather looks gloomy. Staff = I'm so sorry sir, I really do hope the overcast is gone by noon). If you feel like splurging, upgrade to the Governor's Club and you will not regret it. If you're in the Governor's Club, you get to ride on a special elevator exclusive to those in the club; rooms are located on the top floors with amazing views of the State Capitol; continental breakfast is provided and an open bar at night, an open bar!! The bar is a bit tiny, but they do offer a good selection.  A must try if you're new at Madison is their Spotted Cow! The rooms aren't as up to date, but its clean and spacious. Lastly, the hotel is walking distance to visit Lake Mendota, Lake Monona, and University of Wisconsin. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a central location right inside downtown Madison!
4	An overall solid experience here. Really centrally located, which is nice if you want to explore town a bit. Had a few drinks at the bar one night, which was okay. And all of it was prices pretty sensibly. I can't really say that anything stood out to me, to me it was a pretty normal hotel experience. But everyone on the staff was helpful and quite pleasant. Given the location and price, I definitely would stay again.
5	This is a very pleasant place to stay.  Everyone of the staff I dealt with were helpful.  Free shuttles to and from the airport, and free shuttles around town.  Also $10 round trip shuttles to Epic.
4	This is our second stay on the Governor's Club and I just love it!  Funny I got a better price on line than when I called with my card number - but whatever.  The Club is great if you don't feel like bar hopping.  We go in from Chicago late on Friday and it was super cold.  It was nice to go into the Club have a few cocktails - meet someother travelers.  We also enjoyed the breakfast in the mornings.  The only thing that is a little tacky is that they close at 10:30 - instead of closing or flashing the lights - someone yells "closed!!" or something to that effect.  Sort of abrupt and unnerving - we spent th last hour relaxing and then to get yelled at is a little annoying.  We will definately be back however.  Very convenient location.   Super comfortable beds.
4	Clean, tidy. Great food at Dayton Street Grille. Convenient to State Street, Capitol, nearby theaters.
3	This is in reference to special occasion dining events. Went to Mother's Day brunch and it was absolutely overpriced for what was offered. Much better choices to spend your special day. $35 for a buffet that was incredibly boring and mediocre offerings and didn't even include a mimosa or Bloody Mary. Not a single vegetarian main offering? Salmon, beef, carving station and a few very typical offerings. Surprised they didn't even have an eggs benedict of some kind. Omelet bar was ok but again nothing special (I.e. canned mushrooms). The only standout was the dessert bar which showed off a creative and innovative pastry chef with things like caramel macchiato mousse and a chocolate porter pretzel crust tart-  very clever and fun. Overall atmosphere was definitely hotel banquet dining and NOT in a good way (if there is such a thing).
4	Great hotel right in the heart of the Capitol of Wisconsin.Stayed at the Concourse Hotel and Governor's Club (never found out what the Governor's club is) over a Saturday night and found it to be a clean, classy hotel, with an extremely friendly staff.We booked through Hot Wire at $77 per night.  With taxes it came to about a 100 bucks, which we thought was good considering rooms were going for $180 on their website, pre-tax.  One thing with hot wire rooms, hotels sometimes put you in the less desirable rooms.  I think this may have been the case at the Concourse.  They gave us a room on the third floor with a view away from the Capitol... but it worked out because the pool is on the third floor and the kids loved it.Positives:  Clean room, nice decor, awesome location, super friendly staff, very nice pool, hot tub, and sauna.The only negative was the restaurant in the hotel.  We had breakfast there on Sunday, sort of a buffet brunch thing.  Although it wasn't very expensive, for 5 of us $58, it was very unimpressive.  A world class hotel should always have a world class restaurant...just my opinion.  But there are tons of restaurants within walking distance so no worries.A few hints:  The parking garage has an extremely low ceiling, so if you have a tall vehicle or a pick up truck like I do, be wary.  And getting out of the building on a Sunday when the hotel is booked up on Saturday night can be a bit hectic.Overall a great experience, nice hotel, and have I mentioned in a great location (3X right).  If I ever get back to Madison, I would definitely stay at the Concourse.
3	Decent enough hotel.We get to Madison 3 or 4 times a year, so we've stayed at most of the hotels at least once. Our current favorite, HotelRed, was booked the weekend we were going, so we decided to try the Concourse for this past trip, conveniently located just steps from the Capitol.Rates were reasonable enough on hotels.com (your mileage may vary) and happily wi-fi is included in the price. Overnight parking runs just $10; coming from Chicago where overnight hotel parking can top $60, I find that to be quite inexpensive.Speaking of parking, there were several events happening in or very near the hotel: a wedding, Art Fair on the Square, Fete du Marquette, and regular weekend visitors, so that meant parking in the hotel garage was a bit challenging and maddening. As hotel guests, we shouldn't have had to park in a questionable spot (literally the only one we could find after driving around for twenty minutes) that came with a warning of "possibly" being blocked in. Luckily we weren't. How can a hotel not have enough spots for its guests? How about not letting non-hotel guests park there? That was annoying.The hotel is retro, mostly in a good way, but also in a "needs refreshing" kind of way. The room itself was fine; bed was comfortable. The sink was separate from the toilet/shower area. I much prefer the sink/shower area separate from the toilet, because, you know.The hotel staff was very nice. We asked for an early check-in (almost 4 hours!) and it was happily granted. On the flip side, we asked for a late check-out, and that too was no problem. That earns big points. Elevators, on the other hand,  are slow and too few. 3.5 stars.I'm sure I'll end up staying here again at some point...
3	I was in town this past weekend for a friend's wedding and was disappointed by my experience staying at the Concourse, especially considering the glowing reviews this place typically receives.Nearly every employee my partner and I encountered -- from check-in to check-out -- was unfriendly, seemed irritated and verged on explicitly rude. Our presence from start to finish felt like an inconvenience. The one exception from the front desk clerk we dealt with at checkout, who was kind despite the long wait we dealt with at the desk (why did they only have one person there an hour before checkout on a busy summer weekend?). Most pointedly, the servers and bartenders we encountered at our friend's wedding reception were extremely unfriendly. It pulled down our mood considerably at an event that's supposed to be a celebration. Our check-in clerk mumbled and never even said so much as a "hello" or "welcome" that I can recall. On top of that, our room -- for the rate we were paying ($160, the reduced wedding rate)-- was exceedingly average. It felt like it had been renovated in a hurry. There was a gap to the shower door when it was closed that allowed a bunch of water to spill out onto the floor, leaving a pool behind. Overall, just OK.
5	What a great place, I will be coming back.I have only stayed with the Governor's Club upgrade, so can only comment on that experience. For a reasonable upgrade fee (very decent if you have AAA) you can access an upper floor lounge with free cocktails, snacks, and breakfast. Great view, and a nice place to have a couple drinks while you plan your evening.Years ago we stayed on Thanksgiving and had an excellent and sumptuous holiday buffet included in our upgrade as well. I'm not sure if that happens every year but I would find it a no-brainer destination if you wanted a more intimate holiday celebration with all the trimmings and a festive atmosphere.We got comped a room-service bottle of champagne while celebrating a wedding anniversary soon, which was thoughtful. Room and beds were clean and nicely done. I usually don't pay too much attention to the TVs in hotels, but the flat screen we had in our room was incredible.The only minor problems we had were with the key-cards being rather tweaky in the elevators. It took some time to get them to work. All the staff we encountered were wonderful.In summary I would say spend the money on the Governor's Club upgrade and give yourself some extra time to enjoy feeling like a VIP.
5	My family frequently stays here when my husband and I travel for work. The staff is really attentive and helpful. My young son also accompanies us when we will be gone quite a while and they put us facing the children's museum, which he loves. He enjoyed the pool area and made friends with our housekeeper after a particularly extended stay. This hotel is right in the center of everything and the shuttles are very timely. I'm crazy about car safety and they never gave me any issues when I wanted to install the carseat in the shuttle to/from the airport or anywhere else. The snacks and breakfast they serve in the Governor's Club vary. Very good location for business or family travel although it can book up quickly due to conferences and other area functions so I suggest booking as soon as you have your dates to secure a spot so you don't get left with no options but the Quality Inn like I did my last trip out (awful!). There's also a delightful barber named George on the lowest level. He was very pleasant with my son and gave him a great hair cut.
5	Hands down the most comfortable pillows you will ever sleep on. The Concourse exudes class and is centrally located right by the Capitol building and right at the end of State Street. For a few extra bucks, a stay in the exclusive governor's club floors is well worth it with complimentary drinks and snacks. Because it is located in a busy district, the hotel is sometimes subject to street level noise, so the higher the better. When I visit Madison, the Concourse is my first choice for a comfortable nights sleep and a little bit of luxury.
5	We stayed here during Ironman Wisconsin 2014 and I am glad we did.  The room was very nice with a great view of the capitol and it was close to the start/finish line of the race.  I would recommend going to one of the nearby cafes for breakfast instead of eating in the hotel (it was a bit spendy) but other than that I had no complaints.
5	Stay every year. We came down for a football weekend. The rooms are updated and fresh. The workout center is gorgeous.  The local shuttle service is very helpful. They will drive you to the airport or around town! Unfortunately,  I forgot a brand new shirt in my hotel room. I called the next day, which was a Monday. Tammy from housekeeping quickly called me back. She UPS'ed my shirt on Monday and I got the shirt back on Wednesday.  Even better, the gift card that was in my pocket was still there.
5	This is a really nice hotel.  The staff is very helpful and friendly.  I was very impressed with the location and the hotel itself.The hotel is right next to the state Capitol, a short walk to state street, and many fine establishments.If you get the pleasure of staying in Madison you can't go wrong with this lovely hotel.The governor's club level offers some extra perks and a club level only elevator.This is the hotel you want to stay at!
4	The hotel and our room were great. Close to the Capitol and State Street. Lots of street noise at night (garbage trucks, sirens, etc). If you're planning to park in their underground lot, pay close attention to the maximum height requirements...
5	My favorite hotel in Madison.  Especially if you upgrade to the governors club.Rooms are great and the staff ate friendly.  Open bar at the governors club.
4	Stayed at the Madison Concourse for three separate occasions, finally had the time to sit down and write up my review.**NOTE - I cannot stress enough that you should request and book the Governors Club section when you stay here!***Check in staff is very friendly and helpful.  In person or over the phone they answer/book anything you need within a timely manner.Parking garage is very small but is a great value at $10 a night.  The swipe card is great so you do not have to keep taking tickets.  You can normally find parking (as long as you do not have a large SUV).  Remember to look at what level you are on, or you will be walking around like we were one morning!Rooms are in good condition, you can tell they are doing minor upgrades and keeping the rooms up to date.  On my second stay the room was freshly painted right before I checked in, good thing I looked at the bathroom counter before putting my stuff down, as there was semi-dried paint drips that would have gotten on my stuff.  Obviously no harm was done, and the paint smell went away after dinner.  There IS a fridge in the room, it is under the TV and hidden in the cabinet.  You will never know it is in here until you say to someone "man I really could of used a water last night" and they answer "oh there are two in your mini-fridge!".  The sign that says "fridge" is in the same color as the cabinet, so take my word and look for it when you get into the room.  They should really mark it better or state in the hotel book that there is a mini-fridge in the room.  The room cleaning service was great, the maid I had was very clean and quick.  Note - there is a nightly turn down service around 5:30/6pm - just keep that in mind if you are leaving laptops or other valuables out.  To avoid this, I just hung the "do not disturb" sign on my door and no one bothered me.  The turn down service provides chocolates as well as a bucket of ice in your room.Governors Club - Worth every penny!  You get: Access to a special elevator, breakfast (scrambled eggs, muffins, fruit, coffee/juice/water/soda's, french toast/waffles, breakfast breads and toast), snacks (after 4:40pm - cheese variety, hot appetizers, soda's/water) and desserts during late night.  Not to mention you have an OPEN BAR from 4:30pm till about 11:30pm!  They have Kettle one vodka, excellent wines, variety of beers and a ton of hard alcohol drink selections.  The bartenders are all very nice and super helpful, tip them well!I have to give a shout out to my absolute favorite bartender: Zac!  He is such a sweet and down to earth guy, he is a wonderful bartender and a hard worker.  I honestly would come back to this hotel just to see him again.My gripes about this hotel include: The shuttle!  From the airport, getting on this free shuttle to the hotel is a nightmare.  You are instructed to call the number at the airport once you pick up your bags.  Once you do, they will either say "Ok we are sending someone over now" OR "shuttles come ever 30 minutes".  Let me just tell you by experience that none of that is true!  What really bothers me is that they do not take your name, or take head counts of how many people they are picking up.  The most annoying thing in the world is waiting 30 minutes for a shuttle, to then only have 15 people who just came from the airport run for it as well!  Well guess what - who's to say who was here first??!!  Its absolute BS that I may not be able to get on a shuttle I waited 30 minutes for because the hotel cannot take head counts or write peoples name down! Not to mention, they want you to wait in a hotel shuttle pick up area that has no doors....ummm it is 10 degrees on a good day!  I learned the third time to avoid the headache and take a cab instead!  The hotel really needs to work on fixing this shuttle issue, take peoples name down or get a head count, it is really not too hard to do one or the other.  If we were in FL waiting for a shuttle it would be one thing, but you are outside in freezing weather and have no idea when they are coming or if you can even get a spot on it!Tips: 1) Request a room on the 12th floor (if you request Gov Club only!).  For Breakfast/Snacks/Bar you do not have to walk far since it is on your floor.  Also it isn't loud on this floor at night/morning it is just SUPER convenient! 2) Ask for a Capital view - it is so pretty!  The lake view was not that great, and far away.
