4	I love the Gem and Jewelry show at the Cashman Center! So many fabulous baubles at fantastic prices! I'm INTO jewelry making...everything about it, from picking out the beads, designing the piece, putting it together, and wearing it!There's no better place to go to get your bead fix than the Gem and Jewelry show at the Cashman Center.  They have everything you want and more. p.s.  We went on Sat. and saw a total sugar-daddy w/ a blonde babe,  then I went back on Sun. and he was with a brunette hottie!  Now that's hot stuff!!!
3	#600I've been here several times for conventions and a job fair (in more recent years). The parking is good, if you get there at a good time. Otherwise, good luck. I don't remember paying for parking. Yes, the building itself is a little old and could need some cosmetic work, too. That said, there are still so many events (crafts, jewelry, christmas, etc.) here, like the Bridal Spectacular twice a year- and since the hall is still being booked/attended, how bad can it really be? I remember the job fair the most since that was the most recent event. There were so many people, looking for a job, so it was literally, a sea of people. Some people were dressed like me, ready to interview, in dress pants and a nice button down shirt, groomed nicely and smiling. Others, were less than presentable, in shorts and t-shirts, kinda like they rolled out of bed and just didn't give a second thought to the appearance at all- but it's nothing new here, some people are just so flaky and unreliable (I've seen some strange ones at my old work places through the years). The recruiters/companies hiring were large companies- banks like Citi Group and US Bank, and the armed services were in full force too. The event was organized very well (you turned in a resume at the front, information was given to you about the event). I can't comment on the bathrooms because I just spent time in the convention hall. I also can't comment on the refreshments because I didn't notice any stands anywhere here.
5	I have held my bridal show, The Bridal Spectacular at Cashman since 1991.  The staff is always professional and they care about their building.  The bathrooms are always clean and fresh, The concessions are generally good.  It is up to the show producer to request the types of food they want served.  The rates are more reasonable for parking than any other public parking lot in our town. They painted in the last few years and the building is easy to set up a convention in.  It is centrally located and easy to reach from most highways.  The Bridal Spectacular is held their twice a year in January and August.
3	Having a conference at the Cashman Center has the good and the bad.  The facilities are nice.  My problem is Aramark.  First, you cannot bring in outside food.  The Aramark food is extraordinarily expensive.  $3 for a water bottle, $20 for 12 soft pretzels, etc.  Then I was shorted a water bottle.  I will make sure to utilize other options in the future.
3	I was here for Anime Vegas a couple weeks back.  Obviously experiences here will depend on each particular event organizers, but I can talk about the venue a bit anyways.I was disappointed they charged for parking.  It was only $4, but it was unnecessary.  When I think about it though, parking charges are always unnecessary.  It just seemed silly to charge parking when only a third of the total lot was used.  I wonder if the parking charge even covered the wages for the 10 or so parking attendants they used that day.The food offered by venue was flat out disgusting.  The normal stuff like burgers and nachos, but everything seemed cold and stale.  I'm not asking for gourmet dinners, but this looked worse than what I used to eat from the elementary school cafeteria.There is really only one entrance to the convention hall, which is either good or bad depending on how the convention organizers set things up.In the upstairs meeting rooms area there was plenty of places to sit which was really nice.Bathrooms were clean and functional.
2	If you've ever attended events or conventions in other cities and then visited Cashman Center, you know the truth. It's a dump. And a joke. Parking...you want me to pay $4 to park where? Really? And then there's the venue itself...a tired, dated, needs a date with a bulldozer place that is depressing to enter no matter how exciting the event is inside. In a city known for it's convention facilities Cashman Center is like the red headed stepchild of venues. Oh and it happens to have a stadium attached. Even the empty stadium on a cold January day looked more visually interesting then the convention center it's attached to. 2 Stars. Fortunately for most Las Vegans this facility is tucked behind a hill and is not visible from the 515 so it stays out of sight which is a good thing.
4	Spacious, making it perfect for events such as the Pet Expo!
2	I went to the LVL Up Expo this weekend, and I wasn't super impressed. The event itself was lame, but I wasn't really impressed with the location.first of all, paying to park is outdated, if you ask me.  Had I known before, I would have found somewhere else to park and walked.  Its only $4, which was good...but still, I find it a little ridiculous. The venue itself is not inviting, its cold, its drab, and just looks like a big warehouse.
5	VERY CLEAN!  I was here for a high school robotics competition (as a chaperon).  I was so impressed with the cleaning crew---they did not stop cleaning.  They were constantly keeping the bathrooms and seating area spotless.  The people were friendly.  The facility is very large.  There was an area set up in the front and "pits" set up in the back.  I was impressed :)
3	Not a bad venue for outdoor geared events, as long as the inside facilities are available for air conditioning (which worked nicely for us). My big complaint is how far Cashman is from the strip. Unless prearrangements are made, you can easily get stranded here if you took a taxi from a hotel. We didn't realize this as visitors who booked tickets to a show here months in advance and were caught off guard. We lucked out in that someone was being dropped off as we started to freak out about how we'd get back to the strip and how long it would take, but others were not so lucky.
3	i come here every year for the shows that take place here. nice sized place for an event center. the staff here that they always hire that are supposed volunteer staff arent the best. quite horrible i'd say. never help out and the security is even worse.  they have a big parking lot for trucks and trailers even have a place to put your trailer over night if your attending the event and have police on staff watching over the the lots 24 hours a day.drinks and food are pretty expensive here but hey its an even center so it comes with the territory.
3	Cashman center..what can i say! its a Vegas staple and has been around longer than i can remember..i attended the LV CLASSIC show & was shocked that clearly they have no social media manager to log the various events that take place there..making it easier to check in and post...but anyways... living in LV for 20 plus years..Im just glad its still there...& the staffers are quite pleasant. my only suggestions for cashman center is to get with the program..venues with stages have a backstage..its elementary my dear..build one really also wouldn't hurt to freshen up the look aesthetically the building is a eye sore and that ticket box office out front of theatre is trully a blast from the past...not necessary.HIRE a marketing/social guru & get with the times :)
