4	I have used this location to print presentations and send out FedEx packages.  Friendly staff and good service.  I can always count on them to help me get my projects completed on time.This location is near a lot of other stores and restaurants....in the same shopping center you can find:StarbucksSmith'sWells FargoSammies Woodfired PizzaGolden Swirland many more shops.
4	After the disaster of an experience with a different Fedex-Kinko's location, I came back today to my favorite one.  I had to print several documents and was able to easily get in/out by using their Self-Service Copier/Printer.  All I had to do was insert my credit card, then insert my USB Flash Drive, select the documents to print....and BAM!See, that was easy wasn't it?  Why can't their much larger location on W Lake Mead & Tenaya get it right?  I don't get it.....Will I return?  To this location, you bet!
3	I don't have many reasons to be here, but once in a while I need something printed. What I need is usually pretty easy like copies so I can't really say how well they do with jobs, specially complicated projects. They're pretty friendly here though. Most FedEx/Kinkos people look like they hate their life.
4	Its a FedEx. I come here to send faxes seeing as I don't have a fax machine. The prices are a little high 1.59 a page but they're not high enough for me to not come back. Its near my house so that makes it even better.
1	By far the WORST shipping experience ever. There were two people in front of me, each with one envelope and it took more than 30 minutes for them to get to me. Not only this but the Manager of all people asked the woman behind me what she was here for before even taking a single glance at me. The employees here are incompetent and unhelpful. Go to a different FedEx store if you want to make it out before you're old and crippled.
1	This is what I needed:Two wooden rings being sent back to the artist with a check. These are extremely sentimental items that I needed refinished and sent back to me. This is what I asked for: I'd like to ship these, and pay for the return shipping please. This is what I got:The young man looks at me confused and says "rings?" I say "yes.... Rings." So he responds with a quizzical look with a half smirk (like IM the idiot) and says "return shipping?" I say yes, he says "you want to pay for it?" I say yes, he laughs and rolls his eyes and responds "I guess I can do that" He throws down a flimsy cardboard envelope. I asked, "can I have something with some padding?" He said "I don't know" and looks to his co-worker who seemed to be a manager, and also rather busy. The manager said we could use whatever we liked and continues with business. I am literally the only person here, and they are acting like they are busy. Then the young man helping me asks for the address which I give (it's a Canadian address) and he doesn't understand the zip code. Spends the next 10 minutes looking for it after telling me I was wrong and that it wasn't a zip code, for his manager to tell him the zip code was exactly what I had just said. He replies with sarcasm saying it's not going to work but he'll try again.. To which he does and tells me "it's doesn't work, sorry." And I just say "well forget it then." And he says "maybe you'll have better luck at ups."Good hiring job fedex. Don't go here.. It's a joke.
