4	My boyfriend and I came here to go to a type of time share presentation. We actually came here 2 days in a row because there was some confusion about are appointment time. After we got that cleared up we met with Kimber E., who did a very good job at explaining how everything worked and how it was different and better than the time shares we are all use to dealing with. Anyway we were sold after the detailed break down, from now on(in 45 days) we will be able to save so much more money; being that we are big travelers. We are very happy with the customer service and what we will be able to do in the future. All of our questions were answered and we got a chance to see the property we were on and some of the others by pictures and video. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because we haven't actually used the vacation property yet.
4	This is a wonderful Villa style resort just minutes from the strip. I absolutely love the layout of the room. .fireplace, full size kitchen, living area with Closed off bedroom. . feels like a home away from home.
2	The units in this place is worthy of 5 stars - the rest of the experience is what makes this place 1 star but by law of averages I gave them an extra star.We stayed in a one bedroom unit.  It was pretty much a one bedroom condo/apartment.  Full amenities, washer and dryer as well.  Fireplace, full kitchen, full bath with a huge bath tub that probably would have fit 4 adults easily.  Comfortable room, tons of parking and easy access (a block away) to the main strip made this place great.What wasn't great the experience.  We stayed here as a time share option.  We went through the seminar - we even purchased a time share.  The night before having to check out we request a late check out - front desk told us they can move it from 9am to 11am.  At 9:30 we had a knock on the door asking when were leaving.  We told them we had until 11am approved by front desk.  Housekeeping left.  Another knock at 10:15 asking when we are leaving.  Then a phone call at 10:30, another knock at 10:45, 10:55, and 11am.  We didn't feel the least bit valued as guests.  We felt overly harassed as new time share owners.We ended up cancelling our time share ownership because of this experience and even THEN no one would return our calls or emails for 5 days (which the 5th day was the last day we could have rescind the ownership).  To a point that I had to seek legal action against Holiday Inn Vacation Resorts.Never again.
5	I came here to visit some friends that were in town. While I didn't get to see the inside of a room, I was really impressed with the appearance of the lobby and pool area. This is definitely the nicest Holiday Inn I've ever seen!What makes this a 5 star review is the bar/restaurant, Gold Mine, and the acoustic band playing there (it was a Thursday night). My boyfriend and I had a chicken caesar wrap and a pesto panini. Both were above and beyond your normal bar food. While we enjoyed drinks and company, a fantastic 3-man band serenaded the restaurant. Normally live music in a small area is overpowering but these guys were perfectly on point. I suggest if you are ever in the area on a Thursday to stop on by- I know we will be back!
1	High value items stolen by staffOn checkout I left two items in the room. When I realized I had left them I returned to the hotel. The desk staff was unhelpful and rude. Security was better but didn't so anything but talk about how they should check logs talk to people etc but didn't do any of it.The hotel was completely unconcerned they had thieves working for them or that I was out my items.  Security told me when I called 911 that LVP didn't care and wouldn't come out.Well my phone turned up with find my phone app a few days later. LVP went to the house and unbelievably it was the cleaning lady's house for Holiday Inn Resorts! Who would have figured. I'm still out my other item. Zero response from Holiday Inn.
1	Worst experience I've ever had! From Roaches to terrible customer service. No house cleaning. This place is crap. Already waited and hour and a half to speak with a manager!
4	3.5 stars. Front desk clerk was disheveled and very odd while telling me about basic hotel amenities at check-in. Also, if you don't read the hotel agreement before signing, you'll miss the opportunity to decline housekeeping for something like an additional $15 per day!! Ridic!Timeshare preview: Ebony (welcome desk) seemed to be still in training and was sweet (as were the other women at the front desk), Georgette (sales rep) was fantastically sweet, Chris (manager) was understanding, Bob (final try/closer) went from professional to completely distant and unfriendly after I declined the final offer, Marianne (checkout counter clerk/concierge) was quaint and very kind.I would have given 5 stars for the preview if Bob didn't end it on such a bad note with his disinterested attitude. Property is standard + for Holiday Inn. Location is a pro and con because its not on the strip, but it's close enough. The only issue is that there's no parking on the strip so it's kind of a double edged sword.Quiet property with decent family entertainment & 5 pools (open 24 hours)!
