4	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Ruby Marie for a weekend getaway to Madison.  It's a cute little Bed and Breakfast that's been around since the 1880's.  Our room was really cute.  Comfortable bed, huge bathroom, fridge (with complimentary juice and beer!), TV, closet, you name it.  The hotel itself does not provide a ton of services and the innkeeper leaves at 7pm, so if you're a high maintenance traveler, I would avoid this place.The thing we liked best about this hotel was its proximity to downtown.  We were only a few blocks from State Street, the downtown bars and brewpubs, and we were right above 3 awesome bars.  (I can stumble home from the Essen Haus?  Yes please.)  The breakfast comes from the Come On In two doors down, and there were a lot of tasty choices.  The only reason I'm docking one star?  This hotel is right next to a train line, and 3-4 freight trains a night come through.  The trains themselves wouldn't be enough to keep me up - but they all insist on blasting their whistles for a good mile or two before they get to the intersection.  This isn't the hotels fault, but it is a strike against them.
4	Nice place, charming, very comfy bed and down comforter. Close to many things within walking distance (shops, food, lake, bars). I swear it was haunted though!
4	This place rocks! I visit Madison a few times a year and have stayed at the majority of the hotels in the downtown area. The one place I haven't stayed at and wanted to, until this past weekend, was Hotel Ruby Marie. So happy with the choice. Hotel Ruby Marie is located in walking distance from the Capital Building and across the way from Lake Monona. Couldn't ask for a better location. The hotel is basically its own block. Attached to the Hotel is well-known and fabulous restaurant called the Essen Haus. Additionally, they have a little pub and corner restaurant attached to it. During your stay you get 2 free drink passes per day to the pub and free breakfast to the restaurant. To me, what sets this place apart from most of the other Madison hotels is value and comfort. I loved the fact that they have their own parking lot. Many of the Madison downtown hotels don't provide that, and if they do, its not free like Hotel Ruby Marie. The rooms are easily on par with the pricer places downtown. Rooms are spacious, beds are comfy and service is very accommodating. Then on top of that, you get free food and drinks! To me, staying at Hotel Ruby Marie is a no brainer from now on!
5	After a wonderful stay at Hotel Ruby Marie, I think it's safe to say that I don't believe i'll ever stay anywhere else when i'm in Madison.  It's not often you find a hotel with such character and charm as the Ruby Marie, without the heavy pricetag.  The hotel is really run much like a bed and breakfast or a traditional Inn.  First off, it should be noted that it is independently owned and operated so you if you're into all that Hilton or bestwestern tomfoolery, the laid-back and relaxed vibe of this place might not suite you.  When you enter, it may very well be that the guy running the front desk is also scrubbing toilets.  The hotel itself is ancient, but with a somewhat recent overhaul, the rooms are excellent.  The bed was large and comfortable, the rooms were extremely clean and the bathrooms were very nicely equipped with quality high-pressure showers.  And as if it couldn't get any better??!  It does!  The owner also owns, well, basically the entire row of businesses surrounding the hotel.  Consequently, on the weekends you get a complimentary breakfast from the 'Comeback Inn.'  I'm not talking some crusty muffins...you get to choose whatever you want on the menu!  Wait!  There's more!  Each person also get's two free drinks downstairs at the 'Up North bar'.  Talk about value.  Hilton couldn't shake a stick at that!  A highly recommended spot.
4	Great deal staying at the Ruby Marie. Built in 1873, located across from Lake Monona and is just steps from Capitol Square and nightlife. It has a bed & breakfast feel, but it is actually a hotel; you don't have to share bathrooms or eat breakfast with other guests. In fact, they gave us 4 free drink tickets for the neighboring bar, Essen Haus and a coupon for 2 free breakfasts at the Come Back Inn next door! Excellent deal for the price. The luxury suites have jacuzzis and the showers have nice powerful water pressure. An odd peculiarity I noticed in the morning: the shades were drawn and I noticed the faint sound of rain outside. When I peaked through the shades, it was a beautiful sunny day.
4	Very close to capitol square, with a good German restaurant, the Essenhaus, next door plus a little coffee shop. Very intimate little hotel gives you a quiet hideaway from the madness of state street and capitol but close enough you can enter the fray quickly when needed.
5	I'm giving this locally owned spot 5 stars for the simple fact that everyone I've sent there has loved it.  With the amazing rates (forget about inflated prices), proximity to the best food & retail as well as bike path and lake, and free drinks at the Up North this is the spot.  Side note: Scottish band Camera Obscura claims the place is haunted, which is very cool.
4	Hotel Ruby Marie was the delightful little hotel we stayed at during an overnight trip to Madison. It's not big enough to be called a hotel, and it's too large to be called a bed and breakfast, so I would classify it as an inn. If you look up the word 'quaint' in the dictionary, I'm pretty sure you'd find a picture of the Hotel Ruby Marie next to the listing. The rooms are charming. We managed to get a corner room which had a fireplace and a separate sitting area. The bed was quite comfortable and the shower and jacuzzi had great water pressure. Those are non-negotiables for me, and Ruby Marie passed with flying colors. The inn also houses a couple bars and restaurants, all of which were casual and laid-back. Continental breakfast on weekdays and full breakfast on the weekends is included in the room price, as are two free drink coupons, and free parking. My only gripe is that their wi-fi was frightfully slow. We had to look up directions to a few places and it took forever for the maps to load. It was only a mild inconvenience since we weren't intending on spending an inordinate amount of time glued to the computer, but if you're one of those people that needs to stay connected 24/7, you may find this annoying. I wouldn't hesitate to go back to the Hotel Ruby Marie. If you prefer old-world charm to a boring, nondescript hotel chain, you should definitely consider staying here. I venture to say it's more reasonably priced too; we spent just $100 for one night's stay.
5	We had an excellent, though shortlived stay at the Ruby Marie and plan to return in the summer.We stayed in the huge jacuzzi/king bed room.  Everything was very clean and comfortable.  Front desk person (owner?) was very helpful with recommendations, and there were cookies available at all times.  Unfortunately we had to leave after one night, to make the drive back to Chicago before a big snowstorm.  The owner didn't charge us for the 2nd night, which was very kind.One piece of advice: bring earplugs.  The trains pass by loudly and frequently throughout the night.  Normally I would dock a star for something like this, but the Ruby Marie makes up for it with a walk-to-fun location, lots of charm, great service, nightly free drinks, and daily free breakfasts.
5	The Ruby is a great hotel.  The staff are helpful, accommodating and quite cool!  I was in town on business and they had great rates for the location.   It is a unique, clean and comfortable hotel.  I had a fireplace and a decent view of Lake Monona.  It is in walking distance from the square and has a nice bar downstairs with some great patrons.  By the way you get 2 free drinks for every night you stay.  If back in Madison, I will definitely stay at the Ruby again.
4	Very nice, updated bed and breakfast. Furnishings and architectural details true to contextual history of building. Updated bathroom fixtures, quaint, lovely! I agree with most of the reviews written here. The noise from the pub can still be heard on 3rd floor. (Thankfully,, I had the 3rd floor room.) Street noise from morning rush hour traffic is discernible as well. Big deal if you're a light sleeper. Yes, the wi fi connection is not the greatest at this venue, SSID signal seems to fade in and out. Overall, a pleasant inn.
5	I second Tara P's review and I think we stayed in the same clean room with the huge Jacuzzi/king bed and enormous windows. Better yet, we didn't notice the trains she mentioned and really enjoyed the downstairs bar back deck that some others mentioned was noisy, perhaps helping our DEEP sleep. Nice continental to hot breakfast downstairs at the Lakeview.SOLID well-done 1800's renovation included dipping and stripping the original doors and woodwork and duplicating the colors. The owner rehabbed an entire block including a German Restaurant the Essen Haus we also enjoyed, AND another bar the Come Back In we did not get to.Very convenient to the lake and capitol. Large free private parking lot and 2 free drinks in the Up North bar downstairs that had a huge selection of draft beers and a gorgeous 1890's cherry back bar, originally one of the longest in Madison including a nice back deck that let us sun. All good. I can't imagine why you would stay somewhere else unless you crave higher prices, plastic trim and want to pay for parking.
5	I found the Hotel Ruby Marie when searching online for a hotel to stay at during an overnight trip to Madison with my husband (we were visiting the MMoCA for the Houdini exhibit). After reading the reviews I decided to book a room -- the lure of local charm & history totally beat out any of the other "normal" hotels in the area.The entire time we were there (sadly, just overnight), my husband kept commenting how cool it is, and that he was glad that I found it and booked a room. The hotel is decorated as it would have been in its heyday, and we had fun walking around and (quietly!) checking out both floors.Our room (a "basic" - single queen) was clean, and surprisingly roomy. The bed was comfortable, and the mini-fridge was put to use storing leftovers from our huge dinner at the Essen Haus. The complimentary bottled water, coffee and creamer was enjoyed when we woke up from a restful sleep.As others have mentioned, two drink tickets were provided when we checked in and our drinks were enjoyed at the Up North Pub located on the first floor.The location of the hotel was extremely convenient. We actually didn't realize how close it is to the downtown area until we explored a bit after happy hour. Since our stay was mid-week, we helped ourselves to a free continental breakfast in the morning. Complimentary juice, grapefruit and a variety of pastries and muffins were made available downstairs in the deli/bakery.I can't speak to any complaints regarding the sound of the trains. Maybe it was the room we were in, but we only heard two ... neither were very loud nor running through at an inconvenient hour.I also can't speak to complaints on the noise from the bar(s). We were on the third floor and again, it was mid-week so the noise probably wasn't up to its usual level, but we didn't hear anything.We will definitely stay at the Hotel Ruby Marie the next time we visit Madison.
4	I stayed at the Hotel Ruby Marie for two nights about a year ago.  I stumbled upon their website when trying to find a a room in a hotel that was not part of a national chain for my first ever trip to Madison.  I's SO happy I chose to stay here.  This hotel and building has so much character and charm, it's like no 'National Name' Hotel I've ever stayed in.We arrived very late, about 11 PM, after the front desk was closed.  They arranged to have me pickup my room keys in the bar, which was no problem at all.  It was a little loud in there, but the bartender was super nice and helpful.Our room was adorable and looked like it was straight out of 1910, except for the TV, phone, and electricity.  We chose a lake view room, and a word of warning for light sleepers:  there is a busy freight train line that runs about 50 feet from the front of the building (between the building and the lake).  I read about this from previous reviews, so I wasn't surprised when a freight train woke me up the first night at 3 AM blowing its horn.  This happened again the second night.  I didn't really mind; I just went back to sleep.  If you are a very light sleeper, though, ask for a room that faces the parking lot on the back of the building.Positives: great location--very close to the state capital, lakefront, restaurant & bar downstairs (with free breakfast on weekends for hotel guests), most of downtown Madison is within walking distance, super charming, friendly & helpful staff.Negatives: The busy freight train line at the doorstep, but the hotel can't really do anything about that.
5	My husband and were driving from Chicago to Madison for a concert and were looking for an inexpensive place to spend the night. Not only was the Ruby Marie the least expensive hotel within walking distance of the Majestic Theatre, but it had a charming atmosphere, everyone was friendly, and we got two complimentary drinks to the adjacent bar and two free breakfast entrees and beverages at the neighboring restaurant. Definitely the best deal in town. My only complaint was that the radiator was making loud rattling noises (if it wasn't the radiator, then it was something outside). However, I definitely plan to stay here again the next time we're in town.
3	This hotel has good intentions.   The service was adequate.  The room was clean.  The vintage decor of this place does not resonate with me.  I don't get it. ..it just looks outdated...but not in a fashionable way ...just in a we're going to grandma's house kinda way...In fact, after having stayed the weekend here, im sarting to wonder if all the 4  & 5 star reviews i read beforehand about the vintage charm of the hotel are even real.   The breakfast at the Come Back In was the real deal.  The buttermilk pancakes were a little bland, the pan fried potatoes were tasty but greasy but, even with that said, breakfast being included as part of the hotel  pkg is definitely a huge plus.Overall, this hotel wouldn't be must first choice to stay at should i need to stay a couple nights in Madison in the future.
5	The Expectations: Hotel Ruby Marie was everything I hoped for, plus more. I expected a fun, memorable stay in a kitschy hotel in Madison, and it came with a friendly staff and goddamn delicious complimentary food.The Reservation: Super easy. We waited until the last second to make plans. Called on Friday mid-morning and made reservations for that night with no problem. I don't know if online reservations are available - it said "no rooms available" online so we called to see, and of course there was vacancy.The Location: The hotel was very easy to find. We took the highway into town and knew where/what we were looking for: a gorgeous red building at the corner of Wilson and Blair. About a 4-5 minute walk from the Majestic and the Capitol.Parking: We got there around 7pm. Parking was a little difficult in the lot by Essen Haus and Come Back In because it was the dinner rush but we just waited for someone from the restaurants to leave, took about 5-10 minutes. We were able to leave our car there the next day after check-out, just needed to tell the front desk that we'd be leaving it there for the day.Check-in: We warned them we were checking in late and they told us we'd get our keys from the barkeep in the Up North Saloon on the 1st floor. It was crowded but he attended to us quickly and professionally.The Bar: Our free drink vouchers (1 per guest) were good during happy hour 3-7pm and they let us use them at 7:30 so we grabbed a quick drink before heading out. Later in the night, we went back to the Up North Saloon to meet a friend, had beer and a little pizza around 11 pm. The Room: We paid for the cheapest room available, at $150 after taxes, and had a wonderful view of the lake. Everything was clean, the bed was nice, the bathroom had modern furnishings and the shower was very nice (it had one of those giant shower heads). The building had some creaks and groans throughout the night like an old building would and it wasn't bothersome. I don't think there were many other guests because I didn't hear anyone else in the hotel.The Staff: Laid back and unobtrusive. I don't think they'd have free toothpaste for you or stuff like that that you'd find at a big chain hotel so you just need to manage your expectations. The front desk is closed at night but checking in and out was easy and we had no other problems. It seemed like a do-your-own-thing kind of place, like you're renting an apartment room for the evening and the landlord isn't going to be there to hold your hand.The Perks: The free drink vouchers were a nice touch but more importantly, we got a complimentary meal at the Come Back In the next morning. You order whatever you want off the menu. That means a steak & egg and skillet breakfasts with wheat toast and potatoes, an orange juice, an apple juice, and a bloody mary with a chaser. For FREE. The friendly server didn't even bring us an itemized bill, she just let us know that gratuity wasn't included in the voucher.I would definitely recommend this hotel to other Madison visitors.
5	I kind of just want to move into the Hotel Ruby Marie. I liked it that much.It may not be a typical five star experience kind of place and it truly may only be five stars to me because I like staying in places that I think are:a) possibly hauntedb) possibly decorated with furniture and photos from the turn of the (20th) centuryc) run by some of the nicest people aroundI stayed in a gargantuan room for a very reasonable rate. Not only did I have a king size bed, I had a heart shaped jacuzzi tub that I could almost swim in and a little dining area. Breakfast was even included! (Not in my room though, it was in a common area.)The hotel is located above a bar which is convenient and they offer room service if you want. I didn't have a chance to try it as I was in and out of there, but rest assured fried cheese curds ARE on the menu.I would be totally happy to stay at Hotel Ruby Marie exclusively on my trips to Madison, but be aware it's more like staying at a hotel run by your very friendly grandma and not by Mr. Hilton.
3	The Ruby Marie has character, with everything that means for you. It's in an old building, and they've kept as many of the details as they can -- cool old room layouts, converted gas fireplaces in the rooms, old furniture -- and I can't remember the last time I saw one of those chains you pull to flush the toilet. It's very clean. Weekday breakfasts are wonderful pastries from the bakery downstairs, weekends apparently mean breakfast at the Come Back In. Appreciated the drinks at the Up North, too. Just know that Ruby Marie is not a quiet experience, between the bar noise (don't forget to ask for a room that isn't over the bar), the traffic noise (the fan helps), the trains, and the noisy floorboards. Sleep might be a challenge. I get why people like it here so much, though -- it's very casual and laid back and friendly. It's convenient to the square and Willy Street. You can find bikes across the street and this is a VERY bike-friendly city. There are so many amazing restaurants in walking distance, I can't begin to name them. I just need my sleep is all..
5	Loved our 5 night stay!  4 nights were in one of the rooms with a gas fireplace. Just loved it. Great location (despite cold weather) - just a few blocks from the Capitol and State St - but isolated from campus. Proximity of Railroad was not intrusive - got used to the noise which was only for a couple of minutes - only a few times per day. LOVED the breakfast nook and deli downstairs for weekday breakfast! It was bitter cold outside for our stay - but right next to Essen Haus (awesome) and the weekend breakfasts at the 'Come Back In' were really excellent with really big portions and excellent and friendly service.  Normally we NEVER stay at the same B&B twice (habit) - but planning to stay here again for next Downtown Madison stay. Nice and Romantic.
5	I have never posted a review on Yelp before but my recent experience at Ruby Marie compels me to do so now.  I've stayed at this inn on several business occasions over the last 5 years because of the super clean and well-appointed rooms, great breakfast, nice parking, convenient location to Capital and University.  But now I Yelp because of the superior service by their staff!  Last month my family had several rooms because of my daughter's graduation from the UW.  On Sunday morning, the day of the ceremony, there was a huge snow storm, causing my best plans for an afternoon party to go awry in addition to transportation hassles.  John not only offered to call a taxi service but stayed on the line holding for almost 15 minutes to arrange a ride.  But that is not all he did!   He very generously allowed me to use some of their service space to prepare for the party I had planned later that day at another location!  He gave me some towels and use of electric outlets, all after I had checked out and went to the graduation!  We came back and he monitored it all for me. Talk about going above and beyond.  What an AWESOME experience of customer service.I will continue to stay only at Ruby Marie when in Madison, and now I will tell everyone to enjoy a night of exceptional hospitality there!Thanks Josh and John - you guys are great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	My sister in law planned an overnight stay in Madison and at her suggestion we checked in at the Ruby Marie. My husband and I opted for a premium room because we wanted the jacuzzi, and with the fireplace it just sounded so cozy. We all arrived early since we were going to a local show and the person at the desk, Dylan or John, I'm not sure, was nice enough to let us check in before the scheduled time. The price of the room ($160 + taxes came about to $183) included two drink vouches at the Up North and a breakfast voucher for two at the Come Back In. The room itself was really nice. The bed was very comfortable, the jacuzzi was a pretty decent size, and the fireplace gave the room a really nice atmosphere. Really, the biggest negative experience of our stay there was getting our free drinks at the bar. When we checked in we were told the 3pm-7pm happy hour on the voucher was more of a suggestion than a rule. After we got back we went straight to the Up North around 7:10, not long after the show finished. The bartender seemed drunk and was acting really obnoxious. I asked for a bloody mary and the bartender's response was "Seriously? I just put everything away." and he seemed so annoyed at my request. He made a few sarcastic/rude comments while making my drink too, and I've never had someone make me feel like such an inconvenience all because I ordered one drink. My sister in law asked for a bourbon and coke and he gave her a bourbon and WATER and they had to ask for a coke on the side. Afterwards we went to Essen Haus, but that's another review entirely. The jets in our jacuzzi also didn't work, but after calling the front desk in the morning they gave us a partial refund. I was a little disappointed, but because they did what they could, I can't really fault them for that. Breakfast at the Come Back In ended up being one of the biggest highlights of our stay, at least for me it was. With the voucher we were able to get prime rib and eggs and two bloody marys. The prime rib was cooked very nicely, with the eggs and pan style potatoes it was definitely a filling meal. Easily a step up from the usual muffins/waffles that most hotels offer as a complimentary breakfast. Our tab came out to $6 with the extra bloody marys we ordered. Overall, there were some hiccups in the experience and the bartender is truthfully the only reason I'm not giving them a 5 star rating, but if I stay at any point in the future, I hope those issues will be solved.
4	Great bed and breakfast in Madison. The inn keeper was very friendly and helpful. Free Happy hour means a free drink at the bar downstairs where there are plenty of great local brews on tap and live music. Right next to the Essen House so you can drink a boot and stumble back to bed.
4	Great place to stay in the downtown area.
1	Mar '14.  For the quoted price of $129/night plus ~12% taxes, I expected that my voice message inquiring about availability would be returned.  According to Dylan at the desk, the message was erased and as soon as 'I figure it out' referring to the details I left, I should give him a call back.  May be a nice place, wont know.
5	Can't say enough good about this place. A quirky bed and breakfast on the edge of the Capitol district, this gem is an excellent alternative to the traditional business hotel options in downtown Madison. Your CFO will also smile as you'll probably save your company a little money as well.Set in a old brick building within sight of Lake Monona, the location is near-picturesque and convenient. There appear to be only a dozen or so rooms. I'm guessing each is unique. Decor is period (early 20th century?). My room had a balcony overlooking the courtyard. The hotel houses a local bar (free drinks to hotel guests), a bakery which prepares complementary fare for guests in the morning, and is adjacent to a respectable German restaurant. Quiet time was strictly enforced so these operations were not disruptive.The location is within an easy walk of the Capitol and all that area has to offer. Honestly, coming from Wicker Park, Chicago, I felt right at home. It might be a little cleaner and tamer here... but it's close (in a good way). You'll have your pick of live music, nice restaurants, pubs, dive bars, and everything in between. If running, walking, or biking is your thing, a lake shore trail and at least one state park are in the immediate vicinity. Parking is super easy as well.My guess is this place targets the visiting college parents and weekend getaway markets, but it makes a great fit for the business traveller as well.Thanks for the great stay!
1	If you like trains running through your room at 2 A.M. than this might be for you . This is the worst, I feel I should have been informed that there were trains that operated right outside my room and I would have chosen another establishment to stay with, how ever I wasn't given that courtesy, so I honestly can not recommend this place.
3	Ok, so I chose this place because I love old, and quirky, and full of history and kindness, and in all these aspects I was not disappointed. This lovely creepy cool old hotel was perfectly clean and there were little shared porches, and the bed was comfy, and the bathroom was recently renovated, and the long blood red hallways were hung with vintage photos of horrifyingly judgmental looking Victorians. All of this I enjoy a great deal. The staff were all super nice. Where it all broke down for me was first, the noise. It sounded like ghosts were cranking machines in all the walls of my bedroom and the machines were full of water and rusty metal and crumbling cement, and it happened all night while the heat swooped from sweaty hot to icy hand of death cold. On the second day I was there the wifi went down, and I weirdly couldn't get phone calls or texts as well, and when I tried to call the front desk the phone in my room didn't work. I chalk this all up to ghosts and history and character, and it wasn't a huge problem, but I'd hesitate before I chose this place again. I loved the location across from the lake and I loved the fresh free pastries downstairs, and I loved the sweet dive bar attached to the hotel. I'm so torn. Did I mention the staff were super nice?
5	One of the most beautiful places I've ever stayed at. The price is about what you would expect for a huge room with a jacuzzi ($183 for premium room). Service was friendly but it's not a big chain so don't expect 24 hour service. Heart shaped jacuzzi was perfect for a romantic experience. There is a train close by but not a major intrusion. Overall, I would highly recommend this place for a romantic getaway. Just a piece of history I will revisit again and again.
5	This is a total gem. The oldest hotel in Madison, the hotel shows this in some levels, but the rooms are larger, the beds are very comfortable and the bathroom has all the modern things you would want--bonus the very strong water pressure in the shower. After 7 p.m. you check in at the very eclectic bar which is next door to get your room key. The rooms are like A really nice bed and breakfast. Speaking of breakfast in the morning you go to the bakery which is attached to the building and they have awesome pastries and great coffee that comes with your stay. Great cinnamon rolls and philly cheese steak croissants. The bakery played a mixtape featuring the clash, the cure, and the smoking popes. This isn't for people who want cookie cutter chains. Quintessential Madison Wisconsin type place.
