5	Dr. Chau is fast, professional and kind. I have been going here for the past several years and have had nothing but excellent care. In fact I had a cleaning today and was in and out in 15 minutes.The front desk is kind and I have never had any sort of insurance or billing problems.If you are looking for a dentist give Dr. Chau a call.
5	Dr. Chau makes you feel like family!! I love the fact that when you are seen in her office you are greeted by your name, they don't make you feel like a number... You get excellent care and concern from Dr. Chau and her staff. If you are seeking the type of care where everybody knows what's going on, and takes time to explain it you in great detail, look no further this is where you need to call!! Dr. Chau and  Amazing Smile staff are the best!!! Big plus she has Saturday appointments....
5	My sister and I have been patients of Dr. Chau for over 6 years.  She's very fast and good at what she does.  My sister had her wisdom teeth removed by Dr. Chau without pain.   I also referred my friend to Dr. Chau for a root canal and she said that Dr. Chau was very gentle.   She said it was the best root canal she ever had.    We never have to wait more than 10 min to be seen.  Dr. Chau made it affordable to get our dental work done.  We are grateful that we found Dr. Chau. I refer all my friends to her.
5	Dr.  Trina Chau and her front office manager Linda  put the word amazing in Amazing Smiles. I have never had such fast and efficient work done before providing nothing but professionalism as well as that special  touch of knowing each and every one of their patients.  This office treats each client/patient like a family member not just a patient. I have been going here for about 6 years now and will never go anywhere else. this is my favorite dental office!
5	I have had the worst experiences with dentists in the past, and it takes a lot for me to trust one. I have been a patient here at Amazing Smile Dentistry for years now, and Dr. Chau is the best! She truly cares about her patients and gives EXCELLENT care! I will never go anywhere else! Thank you Dr. Chau! I'm no longer afraid of or dread the dentist office! =)
5	My son is very afraid of dentist and I head that Dr. Chau was good with children. I took my son to Dr. Chau's office. I didn't have to wait but only five minutes to fill out paperwork. I got my son right back and he needed a filling. My son was scared and was screaming and Dr. Chau calmed him down and did an amazing job, and now my son always wants to get his teeth done by Dr. Chau!
