3	My stepson will be going to UNC-Charlotte in the fall so we will become familiar with this area around the University.I'm a frequent traveler and used a combo of Hilton points and $$ for two nights.  It was OK.  The rooms were clean but the Homewood's I have stayed in before were newer and better appointed than this one. But, it was sufficient.  Pool is much smaller than what it appears in the pics and looks to have needed a little vacuuming.  Again, OK but not "wow".Staff - I had mixed experiences. Arron checked us in on the first day and was VERY helpful and personable.  I started out feeling pretty good about the stay.  The next morning, we had to be up and out early for freshman orientation.  So, at about 5:20am - key card in hand - I sauntered out to cut through the pool area to the main lobby.  Pool gates were locked so I had to walk around front, which I understand for safety purposes.  However, once in the front vesibule, the inner doors wouldn't open. I saw someone sitting inside and he motioned to pick up the phone (didn't see it, no java yet).  It rang and rang. I finally pressed my face against the glass because I saw an older women behind the desk initially...once I made eye contact, she finally picked up the phone and buzzed me in.  Was feeling a bit aggravated but was still on a mission to get coffee.  As I was getting coffee, I heard her talking to the man (apparently a newer employee) and it sounded like she was bitching at him for indicating to me to pick up the phone and call the front desk from the vestibule. Ok, now I am a little pissed - I am a Diamond Hilton member and all I wanted was some decent coffee.  Needless to say, my bubble was burst on how great this stay was going to be.Breakfast - again, OK, nothing to write home about.  I've had better at other Homewood Suites.  My husband and stepson said the same.So, bottom line, this place is OK. It is clean and you have a bit more space than a typical hotel room and a fridge to save leftovers or keep a bottle of wine and some real silverware, etc... We may stay here again because it was a good deal with my combo of points and cash but if I were paying $150 night, I would probably have rated this only 2 stars.
2	It wasn't the best but it wasn't the worst. I recommend this place for one or two night stays. Rooms were big and nice but not the cleanest. Had to call maintenance because shower was not working.Breakfast 7-10 was nice but crowded. A lot of people, so little tables. Had to go back to the room and eat.The set up of the hotel is different, not normal hotel. You have to walk outside to get to the lobby which sucks when it's pouring rain and storming outside.HAIRS IN THE BED SHEETS IS NOT OK. Found at least ten hairs on the sheets (not comforter the actual sheets and bed liner) and pillows. Asked to have my bed remade and they were not very nice about it. But I threatened to leave (my bubble was ready to burst because of shower and a few other things) and they changed it right away. Only deserving of 2 stars.
3	2.5 stars.The room was fine, it was clean...  But for the money I would recommend staying on at the Hampton Inn right across the street...  The exterior of all the buildings looks really bad, beat up, wood is rotting, paint is coming off.  Also, the location of the Homewood Suites, its kind of down in a low lying area, noone was staying there when we were there...  the place lacks life.I had reservations at the Residence Inn which is on the "good side" of Tryon street and wish that I could've stayed there.Like I said, for the money, somewhere else..
4	I have enjoyed my stay very much. The complimentary breakfast was also very delicious. My room was clean and comfortable. My only complaint was the amount of TV channels offered, however you get free WiFi. I would stay here again.
3	If I was just rating this property on the staff it would easily earn five stars.  They were courteous, helpful and motivated to excel with everything from check in proficiency, breakfast clean up and directions to a local gym.The apartment style buildings are older and starting to show their age.  The rooms were clean, smelled fresh and the kitchenette ample in size-- adequate for a brief stay.   Just a little tired looking.The courtesy breakfast was of a Hampton Inn level, but this property also boasted a happy hour with complementary beer & wine in the evenings.  The alcoholic beverages tasted free-- said another way, they didn't taste like any beverage you would actually pay money for.The property had fire logs available for burning in the fireplace in your room -- that's a good touch.  Stay here if you have business in the area and desire a kitchen and want a little more room than a typical hotel room.  Lots of good restaurants within walking distance.  And finally, they have an agreement with ZX FItness for guests to workout for free.
5	I travel a lot for work and this hotel has the nicest staff of any hotel I've ever stayed in! Very thoughtful and respectful people working here. Dinners are complimentary to hotels guests Monday - Thursday. All homemade, all delicious. Rooms are very clean and spacious. The beds were extremely comfortable and full of high quality pillows. I will definitely be staying here again!
2	Everything about this place screams a budget hotel, except for the price.   This is a motel quality establishment charging upscale hotel quality prices.  Granted, the staff is nice.  And, if you need a place that allows pets, I guess this could be a good choice.   Otherwise, don't be fooled.   I have staid at other homewood suites in the past, and this one is certainly not up to par.
5	This place super exceeded my expectations.  Friendly welcoming staff... Clean facilities.... Super easy check in... Great spacious clean room... I highly recommend and will stay at another location if I had the option.
4	For the price you can get this place, you really can't complain. Did noticed it seems like it's in a area that's being run down, many buildings around it closed down and gated.Typical long stay hotel layout, everything is spread out.I was on the first floor by the pool (which has a separate exit to the pool from the room) but you can hear EVERYTHING going on outside since the sidewalk runs by it. Pool was clean and tidy btw.You can tell the buildings are older yet remodel. Pray you don't get my room because the floor above you creaks like crazy when they walk around. Bathroom seemed pretty old and looked wore out due to not having a exhaust fan I believe, paint was chipping and could see poor workmanship. However everything in room was clean and didn't feel disgusted at all.Breakfast and dinner are included mon-Friday as is free beer at happy hour. Food is typical quick prepare style yet well presented and not too bad.Oh no water provided in room! Which is a tease cause they provide popcorn***update, on the topic of being noisy if your room is by the pool, be aware of the stupid pool gate that has nothing to slow it down. All day, specially during dinner time, people will open it and let it slam shut. Nothing to slow it down or quiet it as it slams. After 8 days of hearing this constantly in the evening and middle of the night (it will wake you up) i believe i have gone crazy and am at the point of yelling at people thanking them for letting it slam :)Other thing is the windows have zero insulation so people just hanging out by the pool having a quiet casual talk late at night will still bug you being you can hear them perfectly.Still keeping my 4 star rating due to how nice the staff is and value this place is.***And to the housekeeper that stole my snickers bar...... Not impressed! It was a pumpkin flavored one and i was excited to try it!!!
5	I have stayed here on a number of occassions while working nearby. Don't let the affordable pricing fool you, this place is very clean, quiet, and safe.  The staff is friendly, the hotel is located near plenty of places to eat, and lots of restaurants nearby that deliver. I would have probably chosen 4.5 stars if there was a option, as the property is showing its age a little, however with the amount of hotels I have stayed in over my career, the staff does a very good job at keeping it clean and looking good.
