4	I don't like getting my hair cut. I don't like just sitting there while someone fidgets around my head. I have to fight the urge to look at my watch every few minutes when I'm in the chair.On the other hand, my curly hair goes crazy when it gets too long. Life is about tradeoffs.The other part about haircuts I don't like is the upselling. I know it's part of their job. I accept their capitalist drive to maximize profits. But no matter how I answer, "so what kind of shampoo do you use?" they look at me like I've said "bat urine". (For the record: Pantene shampoo and conditioner. See? Not bat urine.)Gentleman Joe's doesn't do that. They don't seem to sell any haircare products, unless you count combs. So really they don't care how I take care of my hair. They care about making it shorter and better-looking. And they do that very well. I always get compliments on my haircuts. Maybe that's just because I no longer look like the Unabomber, but I'm still giving the guys at Gentleman Joe's the credit.After the haircut you get a scalp-and-shoulder rub with one of those vibrating-hand things. It's not a massage, but it's a nice touch.Guys, if you're looking for a good haircut at a good price, I recommend Gentleman Joe's.
5	I got word of Gentleman Joe's recently and made my first visit a few days ago. This is probably the best haircut I have ever had, which I judge by the compliments I have been getting, as well as how it feels physically.In the past, I have always went to those Super Clip Co. types of places and had my haircut by some woman that was more interested in speed than giving a great haircut. It was usually an 8-minute cut that turned out to be uneven and never really felt right. In fact, I would usually try to time my haircuts a week in advance of any important event, just so it could grow out and cover up the chop job. But at Gentleman Joe's, they take their time and are very precise. Gentleman Joe's charges a little more (I paid about $20 plus tip) than those other places, but the result is far superior to the quick-cut places. These guys are skilled professionals. They understand how to cut men's hair and do a great job. I'm not sure if it was just gentleman (Moises) that cut my hair, but there was no small-talk, which was actually very refreshing to me. He spoke to me about how I styled my hair and what I wanted, then took his time and gave a great cut. I just got to sit back and watch the personal TV monitor in front of me. After I left the shop, I realized that the haircut actually felt good on my head. It seems weird to say a haircut can feel good physically, but it does. Also, I now only need a fraction of the hairgel that I normally needed after other haircuts I have had. I think that probably has something to do with the barber giving a more customized cut, as opposed to the generic cuts that I have received in the past.  I just wish I knew about Gentleman Joe's sooner. Even though it is a bit of a drive from where I live, I will be back every 3 or 4 weeks. They understand men's haircuts, take their time, are skilled professionals, don't talk to you about the weather, and don't try to sell you anything. If you are ready to revolt against the quick-cut hairshops and spend an extra $6, give Gentleman Joe's a try.
1	This place is full of incompetent barbers.  I recently went to Joe's for a haircut.  The wait was long but stuck it out.  It was finally my turn to go and the staff bumbled the list and called another gentleman's name before me.  It was clearly on top of his but blatantly skipped.  How can I trust a guy with my hair if he can't read a simple list?
4	I just had my hair cut here. It was a very pleasant experience. The barber did not engage in too much small talk, which tends to make me uneasy because I don't quite know what to say to things that I have no interest in. He spent an hour on my hair, when the far majority of other places only give 40 minutes. After my hair cut, he gave me a head and shoulder message. The only problem with this place is it's easy to over-tip.
5	The ONLY place I will get my haircut. First, I have been going here every 2-3 weeks for 4 years and have never seen a "list" (as one reviewer said there was). It's a place for gentlemen (hence, the name), and since I've been going there, it has been on each other's word who is next in line. Me, personally, I wait for my favorite barber if I can, but I'm not rude and will take the next barber if no one is waiting.OK, to the barbershop: This is where a man goes to get his haircut. Nice comfy seats, private flat screen at each station, barbers in uniform, straight razor with hot cream finishes. Sure, you may have to wait 30-60 minutes, but there are complimentary soft drinks, water and coffee. They are always friendly and they are good to their regulars. I have waited so long to post my review because it's been my little secret and I only tell my buddies that I like to go there (and they are all hooked, too). But, after seeing negative reviews, I couldn't bite my tongue anymore. You're going to spend more money than at a Super-Cuts, but you will get the clean, fresh satisfaction of a professional haircut. Professional appearance is important for my career and I don't risk that on cheap haircuts.
4	First time today.  Place is very clean and orderly.  Haircut was ok. Shoe shine not open today. I would have gotten that done while waitng. I would have liked to watch something other that Animal Planet on the TV but that was minor. I will go back.
5	I just stopped into Gentleman Joe's to get my sideburns and neck trimmed. Immediately after coming in, one of the barbers greeted me and offered me a selection of drinks. There was only a couple minute wait to get in. They have a couple different sitting areas, and LOADS of TVs. Every barbers chair has a TV, and there are several big screens throughout. Each barber can change the channel as well.Napoleon helped me out. He had to move the barber chair out-of-the-way so I could fit my wheelchair in, which proved a little bit difficult. This things are ridiculously happy!I was honestly just expecting a couple minutes worth of Labor, just a few cuts here and there and I was done... However, it turned out to be 10 to 20 minutes worth of work to get me cleaned up. This man really shows passion in his work. He used multiple sets of clippers, and finished off with a straight razor and hot shaving cream.I've had a LOT of trouble in the past with barbers using straight razors. I've only been there once or twice, but the big problem is razor burn. Almost every time a barbers used one I end up in pain while they're doing it, and stuck with red razor burn after they do it. Not today! Not only did it feel nice and smooth while he was doing it, several hours after the fact I still feel great!The trim cost $10. I believe the full haircut runs $21. It's definitely worth it, and I plan on coming back. I will definitely recommend this place to friends in the area.
5	Always the best!  LOVE this place.
