4	Stopped here by chance the other night just looking for a quick bite to eat.  Staff was very friendly and service was very quick.Sandwich was very fresh and tasted great.
5	Always a great sandwich at this location. Seems like a high turnover on employees but the service never suffers. Wonderful rewards card program. Seems like I'm earning free sandwiches all the time. One of my old reliable eateries. If I had any complaints it would be the cleanliness of the tables, those could use some attention. Normally I take out but it was hard not to notice today.
5	Great service. My family makes weekly trips to this location because of their service. Blue and Vic are the best! Thanks for some great sandwiches!
3	Only my second time eating at this location. Today I got a grilled breakfast sandwich. My first time ordering this, and I decided on the turkey sausage, egg and cheese griller. My impression was that the sandwich was like a panini, as it looked in the pictures (they did use a panini press, but they use the same bread they do for the subs, so it didn't get the nice little crunch you get with a panini). I chose smoked cheddar for the cheese, and then asked if they could put some tomato on the sandwich as well. The young lady said she would get the toppings I wanted in a moment, at which time she grilled the sandwich. After she grilled it, she brought it over and asked what I wanted to add to it. I asked for tomato and pepper. She split the sandwich back open and added what I asked for. I would've preferred the tomatoes to be warm like the rest of the ingredients, but they made the sandwich lukewarm when I started eating it. The sandwich was pretty tasty, I should've had a little hot sauce or something though to add a little zing to it. If you've never had it, give it a try. I ordered a Medium, which was 8", and it was five bucks. Not a bad deal at all.
5	Vic & Blue are the best!!!Vic & Blue are the best!!! Great costumer service, and amazing personalities. Never fails they know my order whenever I walk in.
4	Best sandwich I've had so far: #5 on sourdough with the mayo/mustard spread! (It's a combo spread and it's pretty delish). Smoked ham, turkey, and smokey cheddar cheese, yum!This sub restaurant sets itself apart from other sub chains by offering a bigger selection of good breads (including the aforementioned sourdough bread mmmmmMMMMmmmm) and cheeses, and freshly slicing its meats and cheeses. I, uh, have never worked in a deli, or really in any food service type of industry, so I don't know if this actually makes the meat and cheese better...though it does mean it isn't sliced days/weeks/months earlier, right? Must be at least a bit fresher. It is tastier than I remember Subway or Quizno's being.The service is a touch slower, because of the fresh slicing, but still very friendly. I think the biggest problem at this Port of Subs might be the parking lot. Doesn't seem like it would ever be filled (it's huge), but the people driving are, well, sort of terrifying, and there's people walking around a lot. So just be careful, please!I would definitely recommend this sub restaurant for a quick meal on the go!
