4	This business recently opened in place of a Quick n Clean wash (which has been closed for awhile). This is a type of wash where you drive through yourself.  They gutted the inside and replaced with all new machines, this is not a touch free car wash. Offers the typical options and versions of a car wash, Basic, middle ground that cleans rims/wheels and high end with wax and tire shine. It offers free vacuums and air hose/nozzles to squirt out the water from cracks. I have to say the shaded parking offers plenty of space so you can open up your doors and dry your car  with no issues. It also has a sink to rinse out or wet your rags with. Overall a good place for those that like to do most of the car wash stuff themselves. Also you don't have to put up with car wash up sells and it offers unlimited plans as well. They are offering free car washes as part of their grand opening.Positive:Washes car really wellPlenty of space to park and dry/vacuum your carAir Hoses to blow out crevassesGood locationEverybody is friendly so far :-)Neutral:Don't have a pre-bug soak station (attendant said they will put one in shortly).Air dryers do a decent job but definitely need to dry car after (this is the  case with most of these type of washes) but it has more dryers then others i have used. Spot free rinse seems to do ok.Slight negatives:Vacuums are on one side of the car so have to pass the hose through the car to get both sidesAir hoses are a bit short So far deosn't offer a free wet towel to wipe down inside of car
1	Bad News Car Wash, Forget about customer service. Rude lazy people work there and my car came out with spots everywhere
1	Paid for the 10 dollar wash to clean my car recommended by the attendant and it didn't even clean the bird poop off my car. The dryers barely dried my car. And there was still soap on some parts of my car. I will not be washing my car here again.
5	Great Car Wash.  I found out the new owner replaced all the old equipment and my car came out great.  Below are my highlights:- Strong Vacuums (most free vacuums are weak in the valley)- I counted 12 blowers, so my car came out dry- I was in and out in under 5 minutes- Nice guy at the entrance guiding me onMuch improved.
1	I bought their monthly car wash plan. I told the guy working there I only wanted it for one month, yet they keep billing me. No way to contact them on their website and I don't have a phone number.
4	This is an automated car wash with attendant to guide you in without running into anything, so if you have caked on tree sap and acidic bird droppings that have baked in, it won't likely get your car perfect.  In that case you need to go to a detail shop.  However for a good cleaning which you can count on getting most the dirt off as well as a decent blow dry afterward, this is a great place.I go about every week to week and a half and bring my own microfiber cloth to dry with.  The vacuums are great and air nozzles do a wonderful job getting the additional water and soap residue from mirrors and seams.$3 for a basic wash is an awesome price so long as you're willing to put in 10 minutes of your own time drying and wiping your own dash.
5	As a person who washes there car at least once a week, I am in love with this place. Great value, and I don't know what they use on the tires, but it rocks!
