5	When I was a kid I had this awful dentist who looked like an Asian Frankenstein's monster and would always click his tongue at me disapprovingly as he did my cleanings; he always made me feel like I was a bad person for getting cavities and making him actually work. Not the case at Lakeview! The staff is extremely non-judgmental and so friendly! They even include a complimentary paraffin hand wax with cleanings! Until I met Dr. Arooni I always thought it was normal that the doctor had to inject you 4-5 times around each tooth before beginning work; who knew that it really only takes one good shot to the nerve to remove two wisdom teeth totally painlessly?!?! I sure didn't! My family and I have been patients at Lakeview for almost 7 years and we love them so much that we followed them from Scottsdale to Chandler, even though it's about 30 minutes out of our way. Trust me, I'm not usually a fan of dentists but they're awesome!
5	I have been a patient of Dr Arooni now going on 14.5yrs. I wish I could rate it more then 5stars, because the care and treatment received is always a 10star rating in my book!As a child, I always disliked having to go to the dentist. I only wish I had a dentist like Dr Arooni as a child, as he is what I call the "painless dentist". His gentle approach to treatment and care make it relaxing where I feel as if I am at a high end spa.Where else can you feel pampered with a hot parrafin hand wax while receiving a 10star approach to dental care!The staff is very friendly and make you feel welcomed. Its like you have been invited into their own home when you step into the office. Smiling faces that greet you, and treat you like a valued guest and not just as if you are a patient file number.I highly recommend Dr Arooni and Lakeview Dental to anyone looking for impeccable dental care.
5	I was referred to Dr. Arooni by my girlfriend a couple months ago. Dr. Arooni and Amanda are my favorite combo at Dr. A's office. I recently had all 4 wisdom teeth removed and the all I have to say is, what pain? Dr.  A removed all 4 in no longer than 10 minutes and all I felt was a little pressure. I recovered in about 3-5 days and didn't even need my medication that I was prescribed. While I was getting my teeth removed my hands were bathing in the complimentary paraffin wax :)
5	Nice people.  Easy to work with.  And happy to talk cash prices.  Very good dentist.  No gimmicks, just good at teeth stuff... happy face
5	I've always dreaded going to the dentist.. Until today! Wow! I'm so happy to have found this office. The office is beautiful, which helps you feel relaxed and the free paraffin treatment for your hands while you wait truly makes you feel like you're in a spa. The staff is so friendly and welcoming! The Doctor is very thorough and doesn't rush through your visit. I've been to other dentists that have tried to push expensive and unnecessary treatments, this office is super honest and prices are fair. My family and I are never going anywhere else for dental care!
5	I've been going to Dr. Arooni and team for almost eight plus years. From day one they have known me by my name. Honest and upfront on prices and amazing work. I love the staff and service. If you haven't scheduled an appt it's a must!! I would never recommend anyone else. :)
5	Found this dentist on yelp based on the reviews and they were spot on. The whole staff is extremely friendly! The office is very clean,organized and nicely decorated. The doctor was very kind and professional. I got an extensive teeth cleaning and she did a great job and was very knowledgeable. She took her time to explain everything that was done and demonstrated recommendations for at home cleaning. The whole billing process was very smooth and they explained everything in detail.
