5	I went here a few weeks ago on a Saturday night and had a total blast! I must say that this is the first bar that I have found in my hood that I really enjoyed.The environment is very relaxed and low key. Everyone was really friendly and dressed casual and I felt totally comfortbale. The bar itself isn't fancy or anything but it's well maintained. There are some pool tables in the open room and I think I remember seeing darts too.They have wii in the corner and we played some wii bowling in which the many cheap beers helped me to bowl my best game ever, 6 strikes in a row for a 231!!!The bartender was right on point and she had a fatastic personality to boot. I ended up tipping her $20 because I was so impressed with her and thought she was for sure the most rad bartender I've ever encountered.This place was really awesome and I can see myself making this a hang out when I want to grab a drink close to home.
4	I went originally on a Wednesday evening to go check it out, have a beer, and play on the bar game machine.  Definately liked it! I decided to go back on a Saturday night to see how it compared to Wednesday, and it was even better.  It's a very laid back small bar and as someone said before they do have the wii in the corner that you can play on (how awesome is that)!  Drinks were cheap and the bartender was super sweet (April).  Good music selection and it doesnt get too crowded.  Everyone should definately check this place out =)
4	Very nice chill bar in ne phx, bartenders here know how to pour a drink & are very easy on the eyes. Great place to hang for a few after work. A+++
4	Cool dive bar.  Friendly bartender that remembered me and my drink from years ago at another bar.  They let me park my Harley on the sidewalk too.
5	This is my favorite hole in the wall neighborhood bar.  Whether I wear my suit and tie, or a T-shirt, I always feel comfortable here!  The drinks are cheap and strong, and the bartenters are nice too.
5	Have to give a shout out to this place. Although I have only gone to "Cocktails" a few times in the last few years, it will always have a special place in my heart.Flash back 25 years ago. My Dad used to take me here for happy hour with his work buddies. Some may say that isn't good parenting. Maybe its not. But I have very fond memories of sitting up at the bar getting my cheeks pinched by the bartender and the patrons. The nice, smoky voiced, wrinkly blond female bartender would put a zillion maraschino cherries in my shirley temple. And I would play darts with my Daddy. I feel warm and fuzzy just thinking about it.Once I would hit adulthood I would stop in every so often. Though my life was constantly changing this bar just felt like home. Another warm fuzzy memory? My brother proposed to his amazing wife here on New Years Eve a few years ago. I wasn't there at the time, but he text me pictures after the proposal.Great prices, great service, great memories.
4	Local neighborhood bar, easily accessible from the 51.  I love the karaoke and the crowd.  They are cheap, quick and friendly....everything I look for in a bar.Bartender was awesome in dealing with a drunk patron....I would have beat his #*$( for what he was saying but she was smooth.
4	We hit Greenway Village on a Sunday afternoon after running some errands. Awesome dive in the strip mall plaza. There is a really big rectangular bar with a sweet young and cute bartender. Pool tables around, jukebox, darts and even Wii. It's bigger than it looks from the outside. Fun crowd. Seemed like mostly locals. Lots of beers on tap, multiple types of hard alcohol. They didn't have wine, so I had a Bud Light and it was tasty. Draft beers were 2 bucks, which is nice. This was about what I expected! Fun place for sure. Nothing that really makes it stand out per sey, but we will be back at some point to enjoy a nice cool beer.
4	I've been here a few times and each time was fun. The drinks are cheap and the bartenders are friendly.  Good neighborhood bar where you can drink cold beer and meet new people. Casual atmosphere and relaxing.  Can't say I'm a regular but I'm working on it.
4	I think I've found me a new dive bar. It's a little out of my neighborhood but it has the requisite dark paneling, pool and darts. I pretty much knew as soon as I walked in that I was going to like the place.Drinks are cheap and the crowd are all locals. Not attitude to be found here. I popped in on a week day so I'm keen to come back and see how it is on weekends.
5	Super fun! Low key. Nice bar staff and Karaoke.Inexpensive beer.  Just a nice place to relax in a non judgmental place..
1	Debbie Wouldn't serve a 100 percent combat veteran because I had a interim license from California. I had wallet last week in ocean beach, thanks for the understanding. Complete c.unt Thanks for making a veteran feel at home. I'm 30 on the 6th so I don't look like a kid, she wouldn't even let me sit at the bar. Classy
1	Catherine was not very pleasant, and had a very bad attitude. Maybe I'll come back, but probably not after that. Plenty of other bars to go to.
5	Best dive bar in the neighborhood. Debbie and Taylor are the funnest bartenders you're going to find in the area. It's a dive bar, take it for what it is. But the atmosphere makes the place
