5	I had a great time here on sat!!! We even saw reggie bush and kim kardashian with their group. My friend had a table so my girls and I stayed mostly in the VIP area. Service is great and the staff are all gorgeous.  Dance floor is a lot bigger then most clubs in Vegas.  In one of the VIP area they had a tube thing that the girls get in and lifts up so they can dance for everyone to see. I argee with Jesse B about the music. They change it up every min but you just have to keep up when your dancing =) Overall - Get table service, have more girls then guys in your group, and most of all have fun!
4	My friends and I had a great time at Prive! There was quite a crowd in line, but we got in free and in good time b/c we were all girls. The music was pretty good and the dance floor was spacious. They also had cocktail girls walking around offering free shots (vodka, i think). The decor was pretty nice, too. Chandeliers everywhere.  All in all, a good night!
2	Note: This is a review of the people and service at the door...it was so horrible my friends and I decided to not even go in.First of all, if you enjoy wearing ridiculous bling, sunglasses indoors and knock off Fendi, this is the place for you.  Yuck, not my sort of scene.  This place was trying waaaayyy too hard.  The area to get into this club was a mess of people with no clear crowd control.  We were given bracelets to get in...I didn't know they did that in Vegas?  Anyway, we didn't have to wait long, thankfully, but the guy at the front door was a douche.  We were a bachelorette party, all dressed impeccably (hey, it's Vegas, after all) and lookin' very cute if I do say so myself.  The only thing is the bride had a little veil attached to her hair.  It was her friggin' bachelorette weekend, for Christ's sake!  It wasn't an obnoxious looking thing, either.  Very cute, very tasteful.  We were told she would have to remove it or we wouldn't be able to go in.  Um, you just let in a P Diddy wannabe wearing a velour track suit and his entourage of video girl rejects and you won't let us in with a damn veil?  It's Vegas, asshole.  People go there to celebrate cheesy things like bachelorette parties.  I hate places that try too hard to be the "it" place.  You're located in Planet Hollywood hotel...how cool can you possibly be?
5	Whenever you're in Vegas.. Make sure to hit up this place..  I strongly suggest getting the bottle service... And if you do... Holla at my friend Shannon Belshoy (bottle agent) She is very courteous and professional.. Good Times
4	i had a really great time at Prive.  We had bottle service and they hooked us up with a great table right above the dance floor. the music was bumpin' and it had me going.  and the hostess was great - she even brought us a free bottle of Moet! Awesome. I'd definitely go back and i'd totally recommend it.
1	If you like to play the waiting game, come to prive.Oh, also if gyrating mofos knocking you around is your thing, prive is the spot.
1	I have been working in the industry for 9 years and of all the bars and clubs i have been to i have never had a worse experience in my life. I waited 15 min for a beer. 15 MIN. 3 sets of people were served ahead of me. i was passed up 4 times. the DJ was below average at best. he played the same mix Cd's every crappy DJ uses. the security staff was the only bright spot in the dismal night. they were helpful, respectful and all around nice.I do NOT recommend this venue. there are many choices when in Las Vegas, this one is sub-par.
3	I'm sooooooooooooo hooooooooooood!Stars are for really, really good music.  Otherwise they can improve on service and decor.  Scroll down to see where Prive holds in my  "Vegas Club Experience" standing...
3	if we didn't have a guest list hook up I would have turned around and walked away upon seeing the mess that makes up the entrance area for this club.  There didn't seem to be any organization whatsoever.  I'm also pretty sure that my ears are still ringing weeks after being here.  Turn down the volume just a tad, okay?The music they played was good though and the drinks weren't any more ridiculously priced than at any other Vegas club.Wear earplugs and bring the party with you...
1	As blunt and honest as can be... If you're not a white girl, don't bother...How they could let a dowdy white chick in jeans, flip flops, and a hoody in without any problems, while every other girl of color (black, latina, asian) had to wait to talk to "that guy" is beyond me.
4	I love this club. Pronounced "prih-vay." This truly is the spot on a Monday night in Vegas. It really made me understand why Vegas clubs are so much better than the city clubs. The overall vibe was enough to make anybody want to get down and paartaay! Luckily, we had some friends of friends who hooked us up to get in without waiting in that ridiculous crowd in front of the escalators leading up to the club. From the moment I walked in, I knew it was going to be a good night...high ceilings so you don't feel like you're in a basement, mirrors dressing the walls as you walk in, large dance floor and seating in an elevated area AWAY from the dance floor. Oh and yes, they were spinning HIP HOP R&B music! You know you're in Vegas when you can dance by the speakers and literally feel the bass. They also had go-go dancers doing their thang and keeping the club sexy. The bathroom was very nice and not hard to find. Gotta love those "helpers" in the bathroom at the club. I'm sure they've seen it all. I will definitely return to this club again.
2	Why are clubs so retarded sometimes? It's funny I've been to this club several times since it opened and the shortest wait. 10 min just to get to the front so I can walk in. I've been walked in by promoters, waited to get in with people who are important. I've also flashed the "do you know who I am" card. It sucks...their lines are more of a stock market crowd to get in. It's retaded because it's in the middle of the casino to an escalator. I've seen rejections of being not so pretty people at the door and hundred dollar handshakes. It's nice to be a socialite though. When you get in the club is nice. Great music, drink prices range 10-15 dollars. Really get bottle service Its cheaper that drinking all night singular. I did make out with a bunch of girls there a few times. Great drunken spot - lots of douche guys though.
5	I went to this club on a Saturday night, and it was AMAZING!!  I spoke to a host by the name of Noah, and he was super nice! It was the first time that I've done bottle service in vegas, and it was worth every penny.  I never found the point of spending so much money on a table, but he offered us a deal and we jumped on it.  Being a girl wearing heels, having a place to sit reallly was awesome.  Our waitress (Melissa) was really nice, and made our experience that much better.We didn't get to the club until about 1 am, but the club was still pretty busy. The dance floor is pretty big, and it's not like other clubs with no room to dance.  The music was pretty good, and we didn't end up leaving until about 3:30 am, but it was the best 2.5 hours I have ever spent in a Las Vegas club!  Definitely recommend it!! Next time I'm in vegas, I will definitely be coming back to Prive!
1	my girlfriends and i were walking down the strip to go eat dinner and we got on the guest list here. we decided why not and we'd check it out after we ate. we came back, and there is this huge crowd at the bottom of the escalators to go into the club. theres one guy going back and forth picking and choosing whoever he wants to let in, with NO rhyme or reason. i was very disappointed and we left after standing there for what felt like an hour.
4	This is my new favorite club!! The two times I've been to Prive, this nice host there always makes sure me & my girls get in right away.  You actually have to ascend on some escalators flanked by columns decorated with Swarovski crystals before reaching the club.  Once inside, you're greeted by this huge, glittery, and pink lamp-like structure surrounded by a circular couch.  It's actually a very nice couch for us girls to rest our sore feet after non-stop dancing in high heels. The dance floor is very roomy and the music was good all night long!
4	I had a ton of fun at Prive! My friends and I were set up on "the list" prior to arrive at Planet Hollywood last Friday night in Vegas, but we didn't even need to be. We walked into the hotel and a promoter Jay, came right up to  me asked if we had bottle, I said no we were on the list, and he walked us right past the mile long line and straight into the club and gave us a free drink coupon. The guy in our group did have to pay $20 bucks to get in. On a side note, I had a few other execs from my company in town and they wanted to get in too, so I stayed in touch with the promoter throughout the night and he walked them right in as well, not bad considering most of them were men!My friend and I loved this club, it wasn't super super crowded so you could actually get onto the dance floor at anytime. Now don't get me wrong, the club was packed, but there was breathing room on the dance floor. We met a group of guys that invited us to their table, so we were pretty much hooked up for the night. The drinks are on the cheaper end, I think a Kettle tonic was $11 bucks.  Really great music, cool crowd - the friendly type, not stick to themself this is my bottle area crowd. Trust me, I get that - but it's Vegas, spread the love!I totally suggest Prive, for a group of ladies of want to have a fun night out and not have a problem with getting in etc. Hit me up on Yelp and I will give you the promoter contact info and hook you up! P.S. Props to Planet Hollywood, I think your hotel is beautifully re-done!
5	I was very skeptical about this club because of all the bad reviews I've been reading but Prive managed to prove me wrong. We had a group of 7 girls, and 2 guys, none of us paid cover on a Saturday night, let alone on a night when they were hosting Shanna Moakler's birthday party. All the girls got wristbands for open bar until midnight so of course we had to take advantage of that. For a night where I spent $6 (just on water to sober up...) I was hooked up like no other. Thank you, misters in the black suits for spoiling us girls, even if we don't put out.
1	Baddd experience at this club.  Just some recommendations from my personal experience:  Don't bother signing up on guestlist, I was on the guestlist with my friends, was the first one there, and it was still completely uselessLong wait (no sense of line.  just a mass of people begging to get in.  kind of like at pure.)Asshole bouncer..Don't go here unless you have a bunch of girls with you.Inside decor was okay...did not impress me though.  The lights on the dance floor were also not that great.The room arrangement is alright and the bar is decent, but it is pretty ordinary looking compared to the other vegas clubs.In any case, Prive IS part of Planet Hollywood...so what do you expect.  1.5 stars.
3	Asshole Bouncer and Club heads.A-hole:  "No." (and looks away)Me: "..but I stumbled stepping off the escalator" (I really did just stumble, not fall ..that was later)Friend: "She's not even drunk (a lie but-really I was fine, drunk, but fine)A-hole: (looks to my friend) "oh no.  You're friend there is 'loaded' (points to me) 'L-O-A-D-E-D.' JUST LOOK AT HER EYES!"Me:  "I'm Asian.."(eating a bowl of cup-o-noodles)Me: "What did we do last night?"Friendsies:  "We went to Prive - almost didn't get in because of you.. [reiterated A-hole dialog]"Me:  "..then how did we get in"Friendsies:  "Money."Me:  "oh.." (*piccuhk- piccuhk*)*hip-hop/top-40s club music, lots of dudes, okay venue (according to the friensies).
4	Went here after the Pacquiao Marquez Fight on a Saturday night back in March.  Friend's hot friend Amber who bartends there hooked it up, even though the guy working the guest list hustled us all for $20 each, since he saw that we just rolled 6 guys deep with no females, even though Amber told us her guest list was free, but oh well, we didn't even have to wait in line and they let us straight up the escalator into the club, so it was all good.  I like the decor and ambiance at this club.  They pay hot women to just chill at the entrance and look sexy.  Drink prices are Vegas standard over here too.  Kind of a journey at first to find the bathroom, but it's there.I really liked this place cause it wasn't too over crowded and it wasn't too empty.  Plus there's always little Asian kids walking around looking to see if you're in need of some drugs.  That's always a plus for a good night out in Vegas, cause whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas unless you end up with a STD from a casual 1 night stand.The DJs played a pretty good mix of music the night we went too, mostly hip-hop and some mash-ups.  Not sure what they were doing playing Darude's Sandstorm that night, but that kind of brought back memories of High School Dances. And if you get kicked out, the bouncers mark giant X's on the back of your hands with a black sharpie so you can't re-enter the club, so have fun scrubbing with that soap in the bathroom if you get booted out and all your friends are still in the club.  And if you get caught making out behind a curtain, chances are you probably might get kicked out like one of my friends did.  Haha!
1	I really wished I had Yelped this place before attempting to go...If I could give a negative 5 rating I would.  I'm a long time viewer of Yelp, thank you for all the help over the years... I started this account just SO I can write up Prive... yeah, it was that bad.I whole-heartedly agree with Candice I's review:  if you're not a girl, and you are Black, Asian, Latin, Pacific Islander, Native American (no offense, if I missed any of you out there!) DON'T BOTHER WITH THIS PLACE.  Oh and if you're not stick thin, don't even try it.  We tried everything to get our crew of 14 ppl in (7girls,7guys), nothing worked: we bought front of the line passes (which were refunded, thankfully), we tried $200 to pay off the @$$407E hosts...nada.  The few of us who paid our way in, wound up leaving and upon doing so: the bouncers freaked trying to calm us down and lead us out the "back way" so as not to show the other party goers how UPSET we were. But go ahead, try your luck at Prive...if you like a no-admission-line-system:everyone-smobs-the-front-tryin-to-get-noticed-n-when-you-do-you-need-a-couple-hundo-in-your-hand-to-get-in...this place is for you.Somebody call the LV Fire Department on this phony-@$$ club...oh wait, they probably wouldn't let them in either...UPDATE:  I just heard that Prive named Kevin Federline "Father of the Year" -- 'nuff said.  AND WHAT PRIVE?!  WHERE U AT?!
2	Thank goodness we didn't pay to get in this place.... YIKES!!!it's good to be a girl in Vegas... you get random people coming up to you, asking you if you want to go to certain clubs, and the beauty of this is that if the place is not so good (like this one), you didn't just waste $20...First, there was the tiniest of crowds outside and lots of people leaving, yet we waited the longest to get in this place.  First place we head is the bar...ordered 3 drinks, and the waitress tells me that it's $54.... wait, what?  I'm confused.  Those 3 short little drinks cost how much?  Now, I expected to pay a lot for drinks, but that's obscene.  Especially considering that the club was not very nice.  We kept saying that it was like an 80's club, not because they played 80's music but because the effects were reminiscent of that era....smoke hitting me in the face every 5 seconds coming down from the ceiling....and the music!  My lord, it was painful!  It was SO much base that you could feel it in your head, your arms, your legs, I think my heart stopped a few times...Definitely not our scene.  Nothing impressive about the crowd, the decor, the horribly painful music... we could not wait to get the F out of this place....
3	i give it three stars because i had a great time! i got my happy ass on the guest list, which means, me no paya to get ina! plus we were there in celebration for my birthday; so how could i not have a great time?! i mean, people i didn't even know were buying me drinks! YAY again!the prices of the drinks are pretty pricey, once again, $10 beer anyone?! the crowd was really mixed between young people; and much older people who probably shouldn't be at the club because their kids are also at the club. there is no ambiance. much like rain, this is a pretty standard club. it's a giant room, with multiple levels meant solely for dancing and getting fucked up. the music is good but entirely too loud. i left the club with my ears hurting. unlike most clubs, there was plenty of areas to sit, which is always a plus when you're rockin' high heels. overall, in order for me to go back here i would need two things.1) get on the guest list, which would get me in for free2) do what i like to call "the pre-fade"the end.
3	Eventhough we got hooked up to get into the club, we stll had to try to hustle our way in....so dumb.  If you haven't been to South Beach and experienced the line at the club - then you'll HATE the way they do it here.  Basically, there isn't a line - it's just a big ass crowd of people gathered at the bottom of the escalators that take you up to Prive, trying to talk to the bouncers to get into the club.  I would think if you see a large group of girls, to let them in...but no.....you still gotta wait for some reason. Once we got into the club - maybe around 11:45pm, it was PACKED....the dancefloor was packed, VIP area was starting to fill up.  The music was pretty good though, I give it that. We also ventured off to the Living Room - another part of the club that consists of VIP tables and a bar and house music mixes.  It was a little less crowded in there.If we didn't get asked to join some guys in their VIP area, I don't think I would have had as much fun - thus me only giving 3 stars.  We didn't pay for anything all night so I can't tell you how much the drinks were. I don't think I'd come here again, unless I were with a bunch of girls or if we had a table.
1	I know how the club scene works in Vegas, I'm generally fine with the rules regarding proper ratios, all that crap, well whatever. This place just plain stinks. Never in any city on this continent have I been to a place where there just isn't a line. Regardless if you have VIP, guestlist, general admission. It's just a pile of people standing outside a roped area wondering what the hell to do. No organization whatsoever. I love Planet Hollywood as a casino, but you guys need to put together a better club, period. Your bouncers pocket more money than your club, I can damn well guarantee that. I had to flash a $20 to even get someone to come over to me even though I brought the ladies. It's pretty pathetic for anyone to ever want to come here. My suggestion to you is don't. The place isn't cool enough nor big enough for you to live it up Vegas style. They'll let 16 douchebags in and totally mess up the ratio of women to men just because they can, but if you are looking for a professional, upscale club you are looking into the wrong place.The one star goes to the DJ that actually kicked ass, good mix of music, good style. Music was a bit too loud. But this star is to you sir.
1	This place blows.  I called about 2 weeks ahead of time because I was bringing in a large bachelorette party.  The first guy was helpful (later I called back and he was "no longer with the company".)  When we got there, however, we sat a tiny table (with like 15 girls).  Whatever--I get that we're not high rollers.  The night was going fine.  Of course, we got our drinks poured every 30 seconds by our 2 porters and a cocktail waitress.  At  one point, my friend tried to pour herself a drink and was told that she could not.  These morons then started getting really pissed when we wouldn't buy anymore overpriced bottles (we had already bought more than the minimum.)  Next thing we knew, we came back from the dance floor and all of our stuff was gone.  The bouncers had decided that they wanted to give our table to other people, so had taken all of our purses from our table and hidden them downstairs outside of the club.  We were then screamed at when we started asking questions about where our belongings were.  Really not that weird to get pissed when a goon bouncer steals your purse, right?  They told us that we had been asked to move a bunch of times, which was a blatant lie.  Of course we would have willingly moved.  Eventually, I was manhandled down the escalator by a bouncer who old me he was going to arrest me (last time I checked, not in his list of rights as a meathead.)  Anyway, eventually they realize that they are making a huge scene, ask us to come back in and give us a bunch of champagne.  Too little, too late, folks.  We were a group of 20-something professional women who got treated like unruly cattle.  This place is sooo not worth the ridiculous management issues and crowded club.  Lame!
3	Went here with 21+ girls for a bachelorette get together.  It was fun and we got VIP treatment all the way. =DHowever, the line or lack there of was a total mess.  I think we would have passed on this club for it not been for some hookups.Music was ok.  There are two separate rooms and tables for VIP/bottle service.  Drinks were just ok.  Shots not filled to top, booo!
4	This was fun. I loved the music. My friend did get a drink spilled on her top, but hey it's a club. Definitely worth a visit on your next trip!
3	this place could have been a 4-5 stars, but i was pretty stone-cold sober. not their fault.the sound system was incredible - so incredible, in fact, that i think i have permanent damage. couldn't hear a damn word my comrades were uttering.there's no coat check, which i get, since it's vegas, but i had been shopping the strip and needed to put a shopping bag somewhere. the bartender declined to store it behind her (even with bribe in hand), so i had to stuff it behind a trash can. it was just fine, but it bugged me that there wasn't a place to store belongings in such a high-end, GIANT club.had i been as drunk as i was the night before, this place would have been bangin'. but getting drunk at prive wasn't in the cards - pours were pretty weak.i wish i had known about the downtempo "lounge" room that was spinning kaskade before we had to walk through it to exit the club...
2	I guess i was expecting something a little nicer, it was just really dark..we had a table and the people were really great but the music was boring, all the same just hip hop all the time and sounded all the same, the bass was way too much like painful too much and i have friends who go to clubs like every night who agreed.  the back room was pretty chill played some house music, but was really more of a lounging area than a dancing area...
2	Thought this place was going to be really cool but it was very mediocre. The place was pretty empty compared to the other clubs, to a point that I felt like I kept seeing the same faces over and over. The music was lackluster as well as the decor. They also need to take control over the fog machine because there was waaay too much fog in there. What's worse about this place? Drinks are super expensive! Imagine buying two AMF's for 35 bucks! How ridiculous! Skip this one next time you're in Vegas!
1	If you want to party in a big storage container this is the place for you!It's hot, it's muggy, and the ac doesn't work.The people here are rude, sweaty and they push.The drinks are freaking expensive.... $20-25 A DRINK!It doesn't compare to Tryst but its harder to get into than Tryst...If we didn't meet a promoter (get comped drinks and entrance) we would have been REALLY pissed.If you must come here, look for a hotel worker near the entrances giving out wristbands for free entry. Or keep your ears out for guys asking if you want to get in the club for free.
1	This club is small compared to all the other big name clubs in vegas.  The guys at the door think they are god.  They only let people in who have a ton of money. If u are going with men it is impossible to get in without paying 50 dollars. So if u want to get treated like dirt and come out of the club broke go to Prive.
4	I briefly skimmed through the other reviews to see  exactly what Prive dishes to warrant a 2.5 star rating. Unfortunately, everyone seems to be correct about the cons, but there are definite pros as well!There is no line, just a massive swarm of bees around the queen (read: door guy.) Loitering about without knowing what to do or where to stand will get you nowhere real quick. You'll be trapped in the non-queue without any tangible progress seeing how...you know... there's no line and all.The easiest way is to just shove your way to front. Don't politely wait for someone to let you through, put up your elbows and clear a path. This works! Sure you get some dirty looks and disgruntled grumbles here and there, but at least you're not that chump being shoved around! We were on the guestlist, but the 8 boys that showed up with us were not. We then opted for table service which ensured a private enclave separate from the crowded dance floor and a guaranteed place to sit throughout the evening. This definitely made a difference and attributed to the favorable review.The AC works fine, drinks were reasonably priced for a Vegas club. Lady Gaga showed up for a performance which was amazing, and we stayed until the lights came on @ 4am.Overall, very enjoyable!
2	After a quick stint at Blush (i'll review this club in a bit) in the Wynn hotel... we headed to Prive just to try it out. Temp: Ok not going to lie it was hot.  There's not outside "chillin" area or at least I couldn't find one and for the amount of people they let in, they should blast the AC a bit more.Air Quality: It goes hand in hand with the heat.  It got a little stuffy but I've been clubbing for quite a bit so it was bearable.  Both the Temp and Air Quality could have been drastically improved by turning up the AC!!!Capacity: It was packed... too packed IMHO.  At it's peak, we couldn't find a place in dance floor to stand not alone dance!  Of course I died down because some sillly band called LMAO started playing and it totally killed the mood.The only real reason I didn't give this club 1 star is because of the music.  I was a mix/mash of hip-hop, 80's and remixed jazz!!! Would I go here again, if it's free and everybody else is OK with it.  There are better clubs in Vegas guys.
1	The only reason why we got into Prive without paying was because my friend was half naked.Soo that says alot there....It was Memorial Day weekend and the clubs were priced really high so we were staying at Planet Hollywood and decided to take a try at Prive.First off, it was 11pm. NO LINE.  Nothing! NO ONE THERE. We literally went up to the bouncer and said can we get in? He opened the rope and we walked through.  Then some dude in VIP came up to us and decided to invite us to his table.  Keep in mind the VIP area isnt very "VIP" you can literally walk up there and no one will notice.  You are basically sharing your table area with other people. A douchebag tried to get frisky with me and he wouldnt leave me alone.  Security was so excited about this because it gave them something to do.  Later I come to find out that guy was a Multi-Millionare so I guess money doesn't get you everything.There was basically no dress code. I saw a girl with some khaki shorts, a t-shirt and some birkenstocks (no lie!).  Also I went into the restoom and there were about 20 girls just in there. sitting down. Doing nothing.  That tells you alot about that place too.I did love the Money drop. $1.00 bills fell from the ceiling and the second they fall you see workers with hugh trash bags and brooms trying to get it before the people do.  I managed to get 38 bucks.Honestly, if you have to pay to get in don't go.  If you know someone or your friend likes to dress half naked take her with you so you can get in.
2	too loud!!!
4	We had an awesome time at Prive. Although we were VIP so i didn't experience trying to get in, it made the trip great. We had a table which was good and i suggest you gt one regardless of what club you"r in anyways. We had a BLAST!!!! The music was great and we danced the entire time. We weren't even in the main room but when we did venture of into the main room, the music was still great. It was definitely one of the best times I've had in Vegas.
4	We had VIP, but it took us 1.5 hours to entirely get the entourage in.  Guys got in after 25 minutes.  Girls 45 minutes later.  The music was good, they did replay a lot of songs, but the dancers were hot!  2 seperate rooms (that i saw) and staff was entirely helpful.  Always refilling juices, sodas, and cleaning.  Downfall- they are seemingly racist- only letting mostly caucasians in.  OR chicks with really short dresses (w/ or without butterfaces).  Very exclusive.
4	So last Friday, my friends and I were hanging out at the Planet Hollywood pool, and one of the promoters approached us for VIP Passes and what not. She then mentioned that if we had 10+ girls in our group, she would be able to comp us a table and a bottle or two of vodka. So of course we said yes, since we already had a group of 12 girls and were meeting up with a couple more.Since we had the comped table service, we were able to bypass the mob of people standing at the bottom of the escalator. I think that they have a really poor setup for the club line. There's no line, just people trying to get through people in a crowd. But luckily, we were able to walk straight in without waiting. We ended up having 20 girls at our table.I don't know if it's because Prive has been around for awhile or what, but the club was at the perfect capacity. Not too many people to the point where you can't move or dance, and enough people that you don't feel like the place is empty and dead. The music was pretty good here, and the setup is not bad in the club. Overall, I actually had a great time here. Even though it's not my favorite Vegas club, I had a great time here. Sadly, most of my favorite clubs are way too crowded (example: TAO, i love it there but i cant stand how crowded it is)
1	This place is just plain poor. Even if you get wristbands or free passes, it doesn't guarantee that you will get in. They have no line. Everyone just crowd around the front and push. Even if you're standing in front of the bouncers, you just stand there and move out the way for other people. Here's how you get in 1) if you have a group of 4+girls, get the promoter to take you 2) if you are a guy, you have to, according to the bouncer, "tip" them 3) if you're couple girls and guys, have the girls flirt with the bouncer such as kiss them etc. Is it really worth the trouble? The place is not even worth going to. Just plain poor. My friend had the worst time there and left the place before 12 to go to another place.
1	Prive opened this year in the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. My roommate spoke highly of it and attended the official Miss USA pageant afterparty there back in April. Naturally I wanted to check it out and my girlfriends and I decided to check it out back in June. Needless to say, my expectations for a fun night slowly diminished after waiting endlessly in a mess of potential patrons who seem to have to buy or blow their way in, depending on whether you are male or female. Believe me... there is no line (and i don't mean no WAIT..just no organization of any kind), and there is not one helpful or friendly person among a useless army of doormen who swear they are Secret Service agents. After wasting nearly 30 minutes witnessing this BS, my girls and I decided to head to the hotel bar to have a few drinks and left.So flash forward to a few weeks ago and a different group of friends decided to go to Prive and I was invited to come along. Of course I protested but I was slowly convinced that because we had reservations and a table we would not need to wait and the service would be better. And like a battered woman willing to give her douche bag boyfriend a second chance, I drove to Planet Hollywood to meet my friends.Well...of course I did not make it to Prive because my girlfriend had called me to tell her she was separated from our party because they were going to be forced to buy 2 more bottles to let 4 more people in. Well enough is enough and I decided just to swing by and pick her up and we ended up going to Moon at the Palms instead and had a great time.By the way I have been the the Palms many times and I recommend Moon and their steakhouse Nine highly to those who expect friendly and great service.
4	Can someone please tell me why we can expense $1,200 for bottle service, but I'm not allowed to have colored post-it notes?Shanna Moakler's birthday, but we were treated like celebrities.  Call ahead and speak with someone in charge.  8 guys/2 gals and we were ushered in with no wait at 10:30 pm on a Saturday.
4	One of the newer clubs on the strip..located within Planet Hollywood and is the same owner as the Prive in Miami. No real line, instead they choose the people that they want to enter unless you're a guy that's willing to grease the bouncers - so make sure to get there early or you'll wait for hours. Luckily, we were with a group of girls so we got in instantly, no lines, no hassles. I don't remember much about the club since I was pretty drunk..but I know that a lot of celebrities go here since I took pics with Cary Hart, Alec Baldwin.
4	this place is offically my favourite club in vegas. nice host (big ups jeff) nice waitresses, and awesome music. mostly hip hop. they also encourage dancing on the furniture, so you can party like a whatever-star you want to be.the dance floor is crowded, but spacious at the same time. great environment
4	I had a lot of fun at Prive, though we all prepartied in our hotel room, so I don't know if it was cuz I was waaay too drunk or what?!!!  The layout for this club was a little confusing, but I loved that they played hip hop.  There was a dozen girls all together in my group, so we ended up table hopping cuz people would pull us aside and tell us to join their table.  I don't remember there being much of a line when we showed up, but I think we got there around 12:30 am.  I'd say if your in a big group of girlz, this would be a good club to hit cuz you'll have numerous guyz at tables wanting to offer you alcohol and a place to sit down when your heels are killing you!!!
4	My work place rented out for a tradeshow gathering. The place is lovely on the inside. So new it doesn't smell like piss in the corners. Nice thing to enjoy at a club. I sat most of the night, never a good idea to act a fool around your boss. But, I was impressed. I felt like the girls working could have been a bit more polite to our guests but, for the most part they were quick with drinks and not wearing much. Most of the team enjoyed that. Wouldn't mind going again... without my company!
4	So, Prive has slowly crawled their way into my good graces after the initial screwup when I first came here.  I was originally turned off of Prive because of the disorganization and wait at the door the first time I came here.  And then once inside, I felt like I was in a mosh pit being knocked around by "gyrating mofos".  However, I've been back to Prive a few times since then, and I have to say that my experiences have become increasingly positive.  I've had a table here twice, and both times were a good experience.  Honestly, I think you need to have a table here to have fun.  Also, I'd like to note that their sound system is outstanding.  Sometimes I can feel my tonsils and esophagus vibrating because the bass is so powerful.  I am even considering having my birthday party here in October and getting a table.  The club is large and designed well, and there are 2 rooms that play different music.  But that sound system is crazy, I'm telling you.If you come here, be prepared for a mess at the door.  If you're a group of guys or in a group with guys, either get a table or slip the doorguys money.  Even if you have "hookups" here like we did, you are most likely going to wait.  There's about 10-15 hosts at the door on any given night, and they're all in suits with mean looks on their faces being shouted at by hundreds of eager people trying to tell them "Yo, so and so told me to ask for so and so...blah blah blah" so they're really not impressed by you're boy's friend's hookup.  Just drop some $$$-that's really the best way to get their attention.Other than that, good music, great design and a good vibe once you're in.  I'll update again after I host my bday party here in October to report on our bottle service experience.
4	I'm from Cali, but whenever I roll out to Vegas, I'm blessed with connections to higher places so I'm usually a shoo-in with no wait or cover. That being said, I have no idea how complicated it may be to get into Prive. From personal experience, I had a great time. The decor is pretty nice -- done up a la Planet Hollywood style Bling bling! What I like most, is that it is up-scale but not nearly as packed as Tao so there is actually room to dance! *Gasp* Instead of shuffling back and forth.
1	LAME! Weak drinks, ugy girls, obnoxious bouncers and the guy in the plaid sweater at the door hit on me.  I know I'm sexy but please!  The club tries to be exclusive but once you get in you realize you have made a seroius mistake.  The only thing weaker than the drinks is the music!!! The DJ wouldn't last 5 minutes in NYC, save your money and time therer are much better places in vegas!Add a star if you like a lot of trannies in your club experience!Talk to a hot local in Las Vegas and you'll find MUCH better clubs to go to.
1	Well that was an hour of my life I'll never get back...  I feel sorry for anyone who's had to pay to get in here--I got in for free and still feel taken.  Long wait to get in, even with wristbands.  Once we did get in, we realize the club's half empty (this is Saturday night), so all the people waiting outside were just being kept there for show.The floor is black concrete, and there are sudden slanted ramps and at least one stairstep, all painted black with no warning that you're about to go down an incline...this is not fun or safe when you're teetering on high heels.Music sucked.  Like, really really sucked.  One minute it was 70's and the next song, rock&roll, and the next one, hip hop.  Several times everyone would just stop on the dance floor looking confused.  We left after about 40 minutes, and they wouldn't let us go out the way we came because they didn't want people trying to get in to see us leaving.  They had us go out the back way.  Clever.Decor:  Looks like they blew all their money on the entrance foyer.  The rest of the actual club is stripped bare and painted black.   Not nice black, but "I ran over budget on the giant chandelier so I will just paint the whole place black and hope nobody notices" black.
3	I was a bit shocked with my night here. My review is based on the following facts: VIP list and table with bottle service.That said, we didn't have to "wait" in line. That automatically helps when review this place because let me tell you, if you don't have tits or have $$ for bottle service or to :grease: some wheels, so fellows I'm talking about you. You will simply be waiting outside for a loooooong while. And this goes for just about every club in Vegas.Prive was actually a nice little place. The VIP services were typical to what you'd expect at any trendy club. Prices were right on what you'd expect to pay at a well known Vegas club. The VIP location was actually cool, at least ours was. We not right on the dance floor so you could regulate who kicks it or who doesnt.I liked Prive mostly because even though it was packed, you still had room to breath, dance, and move around. That's always a plus if you don't want to shell out for bottle service. The music is what you will hear at any other club. So I will not even waste time talking about that.Overall its a decent spot, clean, has enough room, and its average!
1	No. Never. Not ever.  No one should be falling for this.
3	Yeahhh the promoter who hooked us up with a 2-for-1 booth with admission included for all the girls and guys in our group didn't exactly include the small print in that deal... The booth was in some random small room at the back of the club... Wtf? The 2-for-1 was a free bottle of Absolut with whatever we ordered. The guys HAD to pay... first they had to tip the bouncers, and THEN they had to pay admission.... even with a booth! I don't remember much from this place, but those details alone = lameeee.
3	Not bad, but I should note that my group opted for a table and bottle service when we realized the door people were holding up the line on purpose. Splitting the cost 8 ways means everyone pays $150 for 3 bottles of alcohol, plus no wait, and we get our own space to dance and drink and just have fun in general.The security guys in the VIP booth area were very accommodating. One thing that annoyed us was the busboy (are they called busboys in clubs?) kept picking up our used cups even when they were half FULL with alcohol. They probably did that so we would drink more, and hence, purchase more $400 bottles of non-top-shelf-alcohol.We had to pay mandatory 30% gratuity in addition to overpriced alcohol. But we had fun, since we were allowed to dance on the couch. The music was pretty good, the sound system was pretty good, and the place was crowded, but not too crowded. I'd go again ONLY if I was getting bottle service.
3	My sisters and friend were "tagged" to go to this club by one of their promoters~ kind of a funny way to get into a club! We were wristbanded by the fellow.. walked to the front of the crowded line.. get in with no pay... then they snip off the band. When the gal cut my wristband off, I noticed it had the guy's name that "tagged" us on the inside. Aaaaaaaaahhh... marketing and pr.Anyway, we went it... good music.. but didn't get a special vibe from Prive~
3	Ordered 3 vodka redbulls, and hand the bartender $50. "...$54" she says. Are you shitting me? this is the type of crap that prevents me from living the high life, lol.
4	The day after Halloween ... I give it to the first DJ on between 10-12.... But after that, goodness gracious... from another DJ's perspective the man let the whole song drag out before the Bass in the song started to hit. I was like, damn... this guy needs a 16 count or something!!! Goodness. I had lots of fun though! The bartenders were so friendly, and what got me was that they all had smiles on their faces! I guess Prive treats them really good =) Anyway, the go go dancers there has MOVES! I watched and went "Ok, stealing that move that move that move... and that one." The cool thing about it was that I got to see a gymnast there too and she was so dope with all her bending moves. So dope. She didn't even fall!
2	Prive, if you are trying to emulate and recreate the worst aspects of LA douchebaggery, with the added bonus of really bored-looking scantily-clad girls dancing on tables, then mission accomplished!  This place really, really brings out some serious retards.  It's like a big club in the middle of Glendale with a dance floor full of car salesmen and rug merchants.  This place is the worst.The bartenders and servers in the VIP room were very nice, hence why it gets 2 stars, but that's it.  The bouncers are completely awful and useless, so yeah nice hires on that front.Stay in your room, call your friends over, and have a better time with Fox News on in the background, because as much as I hate it, it's better than listening to some chump DJ try to mix "Barbie Girl" with like Creed or whatever.
3	I liked the music. Kinda reminded me of The Beach with it's Go-Go dancers sans hunky barbacks that make you get on your knees to pour a shot down your throat. I miss The Beach.
3	Was here on Saturday night, 11/14. It was the Twilight movie premiere after party/UFC fighter Nate Quarry after party. I did see Nate Quarry before he came in, bulging biceps and all (to be honest, I didn't know who he was until my boyfriend mentioned it), but there were no Twilight stars to be seen. My group and I got there early because we all know how crazy it gets at clubs on Saturday night, especially if you're broke and can't afford bottle service or VIP shit. We were walking up to the line and a promoter stops us and says, "do you guys have wristbands?", we said no and of course happilly accepted because he mentioned it was free entry. One of the girls in our group asked if we got to skip the line because of the wristbands, another promoter said you should be able to come right in. Well that was bullshit. Since we didn't stand in line because we thought we had "special wristbands", we had to wait in the crowd like a buncha suckas for about 30-45 minutes. I tell the guy that I'm on the guestlist and he says, "it'll be about 30 more minutes". What the eff. I decide to take him up on the offer of "I'll let you right in if you pay $20 a head" because it was taking too damn long.  We fork over our cash and didn't have to pay entry because of the wristbands so the promoter was somewhat helpful but actually it was like we did pay entry because of those asshole bouncers making us pay so we didn't have to wait.Anyhoo, I did like this place. It was big, there was another room which I didn't even know about until we were leaving. They were playing Adina Howard in there! I wanted to stay but I could tell my friends weren't feeling it. The DJ was pretty good. The dance floor did get packed.Next time for when I go, I will get there early and stand in the stupid line. If you're not paying for bottle service or you're not getting a table, your best bet is to get there early.
5	Prive...from the owners of The Mansion in South Beach Miami, the Opium group has a good club here.  With some small issues.  The club is very large, with two rooms.  One is the main room with the "mega club" scene and the other is a lounge area with couches and a laid back vibe.  The lounge plays more electronic music mixed with some hip hop.  The main room plays hip hop, with 80's mixes and the old ole' "club" music you would expect from any good club.  Pro's- When D.J. Karma is playing...it's the BEST.  He is NO DOUBT, the best DJ in Vegas.  With exception when DJ AM is at Pure and DJ Vice at Lavo on Sundays.  Even then, he's just as good.  - Robbie D.  Although he is no longer there, he is the best VIP Host.  There host there know how to take care of people.- Space.  Tons of it.  Never felt like a heard of cattle, unlike other clubs.Con's- The waitress/bottle service girls SUCK.  Seriously, drop the attitude.  You're not as hot as other girls in Vegas.  Not to mention your service is wack.- Sometimes there is a getto crowd.  I'm keeping it real.- The line.  There is no line.  Good luck.As always, get bottle service and chop it up with your friends.  After you wait 45-60 min in line, pay $20 to get in, and $15 a drink....it's worth the bottle service and you get a table to sit at.  Overall, great dj with DJ Karma, get there early if not getting a table, and enjoy the club.  Robbie D...we miss you, you're the man!!!!This club is 1st string starter.  Always in the rotation.
1	There was such a huge hoopla over this club!! A couple of the girls and I needed to kill time before we headed to another club soo we came to PH for drinks.  One of our girls actually got us passes to go into the club prive so we thought WHY NOT!  We go to where the escalator is and omg there are like a million guys waiting around it tryna get in.  We SQUEEZE..(literally SQUEEZE) through the people to show them our passes and go up the escalator and some guys were lucky enough to pretend they were with us to shove in.  We get in its okay..kinda small.. & its empty as heck...  wtf?  Plus everyone in there was I would say 40+, with nooooo rhythm .  It was a sad time.  We got some drinks , tried to dance a little but it was more of a joke, im down with oldies but come on.... and so we started to leave the club.  While leaving we saw a really old couple soo cute in their 80's sitting on the round couch hahahahhahah what a night.  THen omg leavin....it was another crazy squeeze thru the mass. my friend compared it to being reborn thru her mothers vajayjay. UGH so nasty.  Lets hope it was a REALLLY BAD NIGHT.
1	While searching for the ticket counter to Stomp Out Loud at Planet Hollywood, hubby and I were approached by some random guy who apparently thought we were dressed nicely enough to get into Prive.  He stuffed wristbands into our hands, completely ignored our protests that we don't go to nightclubs, and stumped off to harass other people.*look up at Prive with its impressive facade and gigantor video screens""look back at dude in his skeezy hoodie and pants so baggy they might have been holding 24 hours worth of doo-doos"All in favor of giving this place a miss ... aye!  Motion carries, moving on!
2	when you're f*cked up and out of your mind, the last thing you want to see are circus clowns walking on 5 foot stilts or dudes dressed up as characters from the Wizard of Oz.
2	I want to give Prive a better review, really I do.  2 1/2 stars is really what they deserve, but they could be so much better.  i see that a lot of other people really have positive reviews about this place, and its not that i hate it. it just has some major issues, especially if you are not blessed with the $$ or the people required to get a table.  being as i usually travel alone, my problem is the latter.the herd of people clustered around the escalator is always a major pain in the ass.  i've had two very different experiences in this regard 1)was by myself and on guestlist, got in right away 2)was with my cousin and on guestlist, but she was already pissed due to the amount of people waiting to talk to the bouncer.  so she gave him major 'tude from jump and we basically had to force him to let us in.  over an hour later.  so the moral is: be nice, and look right.once you get in though, the club is okay but vegas standards.  no blatantly obvious theme or decor, just a big room.  now, i've never found or hung out in any other area than the main room - i don't even know where the other areas are actually (there's a patio?).  but the main room is decent, and this is why this place has potential.  once in, it is generally fun, music is pretty good and the crowd is good.  but, like another reviewer mentioned, there's not a particular vibe or spirit to this place.  to me, its just another big generic club.  it just happens to have go go dancers and high drinks.  and these days you really can get that anywhere.now, this place also has potential because when they have a special guest host or DJ, they usually deliver and its usually pretty good.  i was here when DJ Clue and Lil Jon were here, and both nights i had a good time shakin it.  now i'm not one to risk it, but my cousin danced so hard she had to ditch the shoes, so that is evidence of how decent a time we had.like i said, drinks are somewhat expensive, i think 4 rum & cokes was like $50 once you added in a tip.  but thats to be expected.  so drink before you go (to any vegas club, really).  i will go to prive again, because like i said its not all bad.  but if i have to deal with that jerk with the too short pants and funny hair at the entrance again, it will be on.....
4	Prive was awesome! Make sure you get bottle service when you come here, or else you'll be sorry to be waiting with a huge crowd trying to get in as well. Bottle service was pretty decent priced here, but the service wasn't that great. I always thought the first round of drinks were suppose to be served by a waitress... well that was the only down fall of the place. This place was huge, sound system was bumping, and the music was great. The best part of the club was the restroom. The valets in the bathrooms were hilarious! "Hi, welcome to the bathroom gentlemen... please enjoy your piss" ..  Make sure you tip those guys! I'll be back here when i come back to vegas next time!
1	Some of these reviews are sooo FAKE. Prive sucks and they just want to suck your money/ time /life out of you. this place sucks, no line just a crowd, asshole bouncers, too cool for school cuz they didn't graduate, music was ok overall NEVER AGAIN
5	The bouncer ripped off my bf! He paid $35 downstairs, the guy stamped my hand, but didnt stamp my bf's. We go up the scalator and theres another line. My bf explains that he paid the guy down stairs, they ask to see his hand "sorry you dont have a stamp, $35 please"Even though that happened i really liked this club. I love that  they play trance and upbeat music and drop confetti.
5	I have to give this place 5 stars for hooking our bachlorette party up with a free table and bottle of vodka. Tao and the other "hot spots" are great and all but after 11:30p when the crowds get so tight and people are stepping all over your toes and girls are elbowing each other, I really appreciate places like Prive. The place had the perfect amount of people - crowded but not toe-stepping crowded and the music was great. The bouncers here are super awesome ;) I would definitely come back again!
5	BIG - just like I like 'em ;) Bartenders are cute and sweet, spacious lounge area for sitting, mix of hip hop & rock was off the hook! Separate room playing house/trance. Not too crowded w/ a good girl/guy ratio. Contortionist, men walking on stilts, go go dancers - does it get any better than this? Oh yes, me + everclear = trouble LOLGood times had by all...
3	We got free wrist bands for Prive, and when we got to the door, the guys were trying to charge $20 for the boys.  We ended up paying $40 for 6 people to get in, which was not bad.  I just didn't want to haggle too much, I just wanted to dance.The drinks were freakin' expensive!  $18.70 for a redbull vodka!  What a rip!  I think they charged $5 extra for the redbull.There were gogo dancers, a Michael Jackson impersonator, guys on stilts, and some caberet ladies.  Interesting but not too impressive.  The place was packed.Next time I would probably only go here if it were free.
4	definitely gonna come back. the decor, lightning = great.the music was alright but the sound system = awesome!
3	Came here for a pre-party before heading to the Foundation Room. We got our bracelets in the lobby of Planet Hollywood. We were late for our dinner reservations, but as the promoter said, "Girl, don't try to run away from me." The guy let us take more bracelets for the friends we were meeting. Trying to get in was a little confusing. It was more like a mass of people than any organized line. We got sent to a different "line," and once we were there, we got in pretty easily with a relatively short wait. Once inside, the place looked pretty nice, and the crowd looked young. We took a shot here to toast our bachelorette, but it was WEAK. It tasted like cranberry juice. Hah. Ended up seeing a few lesser-named celebrities also, but they were smoking up a storm, so we weren't really tempted to approach. The music in the beginning was okay, it actually started to pick up more, but by then we were off to our next destination. This place seems to be more clubby, so depending on what type of atmosphere you're looking for, it's decent for a club. Pretty crowded too. Ratio looked pretty even. The bass was rocking so loud, I think my eyebrow hairs were vibrating. Haha.Also, intuition would tell you that the exit is near the entrance, but they sent us back around the other side to exit. I guess they don't want the people entering seeing people leave their club. We eventually found our way out, but not without taking a few wrong turns first.
2	I am definitely not a fan of Prive but I think it's because it brings out all the worst things about going out in Vegas. Yes, I am a newbie to Vegas clubbing but I'm not a newbie to going out to giant clubs and amazing parties and this one just sucks. All they try to do is get tons of money from you. I came with a group of 20 and we all had wristbands to get in for free but they insisted that they would not let us in unless we bought a table. This was at 10:30 at night, right when the club opened up and there was barely a line! All they wanted to do was sell us tables at $375 a bottle with a 2 bottle minimum! Finally, we worked out a "deal" and they let us in but the guys each had to pay $30. Once we got in, the place wasn't bad. It's huge and we didn't have to wait long for drinks but the drinks are again, extremely expensive. I paid $14 for each cocktail I bought. The music isn't anything special and it gets ear-killingly loud by the end of the night. I actually had to leave because I couldn't handle it any longer at around 2am. Then I spent the whole next day trying to coax my ears to feel normal again. I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon.
1	My fiance and I reserved a table in club Prive for a birthday celebration.  My dress got a red liquid spilled on, so I had to go back to my hotel room (also at Planet Hollywood) to change.  After I changed and went back to the VIP line to get back in to the club (I have my vip bracelet on), but none of the hosts would let me through or even hear me.  If you didn't reserve a table through that host/person, they don't care who you are.  I called 3 of the hosts over to let me back in, but they just turned the other way.  WTF!!!  I finally saw the actual host that assigned my table and flagged him down...He said to go around where you went out for re-entry.  Why can't any of the hosts just tell me that.  I stood there for 20 minutes and was the only one in the VIP line.  These people suck!!!  They already got my money so don't care anymore.  They treat you like dirt.  The club is really small.  The music is not good.  The people that work there are extremely rude.  Don't waste your money at this club.
2	Not sure what all the hype is about, but it's definitely not worth the hour+ wait outside.  My group had wristbands and were on some sort of guest list, but that didn't really mean anything being that there weren't really any lines and there's just a mass of people pushing their way to get in.  Why?...I really don't know.When we finally did get in, half my group of about 20 were already pissed off, not because of the wait , but because of the rude, power-tripping bouncer/security guys out front.  While waiting to get my handstamped, I saw the bouncer push some girl just because the tip of her 2nd toe had crossed the velvet rope.  So not worth it, but if you're gonna bother, have a drink or 2 before so you're immune to the long wait and rude bouncers.
1	I deserve a medal for this info I'm about to give you...The guys who work the door/rope are SHEISTERS and LIARS!!!!!My buddy gets us "Free b4 11" passes during the day.  We get there at 10.  There is no real line, just a bunch of people crowded together.  Since I overheard the bouncer say, there is no real line, me and my boy work are way up to the front.  THEY WILL TRY TO SAY "YOUR NOT GOING TO GET IN B4 11, SO JUST PAY ME $30 TO CUT THE LINE".  DON'T DO IT!  Just wait.  We were at the front rope and they still tried to run that game on us.  One bouncer tried to tell us our passes were no good and we should pay him to be let in.  We said no.  2 mins later, another bouncer just lets us right in.  We did not pay and we were one of the first people inside.Inside the place is REALLY nice.  Drinks were expensive, but I guess that's just Vegas.  DJ had skills but he mixed in rock and other genres with the hip-hop.  BOO!!!!!!  Crowd seemed very phony and fake and just stayed to themselves.  We stayed for about 30 mins and went back to Poetry.  Only good thing about this place was the DJ's skills (not his music) and the bathroom attendant who said "Enjoy your piss".Moral of the story, if you really want to come here, then get free passes on the street, get there by 10-ish, go straight to the front and DO NOT pay the bouncers to be let in.
3	3 stars for the awesome venue, great music, strong drinks, and hot go-go dancers and bartenders that make strong drinks.  minus 2 stars for the absolute zoo the door guys/bouncers are running.  there's no line or organization, just a big crowd of people trying to get in.  the bouncers will basically just take your money and still not even let you in or make you wait.  don't even bother trying to get on a guest list-because even if you are, it won't matter.  a friend of mine had a birthday there, and spent all day collaborating with the "manager" or whatever, so when we all get there, some guy in a suit gives us wristbands, only for a different guy in a suit to cut them off of us and say they're not valid.  wtf?standard vegas procedure is girls get in free, guys pay $30--however after getting our wristbands cut off, one bouncer counted our guys, gave us our total (I think $210), then said "just give me $100 and I'll let you all in for free since it's a birthday."  so we ponied up, only for him to walk away and ANOTHER guy in a suit to charge us the full $30/guy.  what a bunch of pricks!!
5	I love Prive!  I've been there at least 5 or 6 times and have had a blast each and every time!  Never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes and never had to pay!  Can't get better than that!  Well, actually, I guess it can.  A few of those times we had a free table, which means free alcohol!  Just need to remember to tip the friendly waitresses.  The one time we did have to pay for our table was for a friend's bachelorette party but we got really great treatment.  Our personal security guard led us to the back door to get to the bathroom and back and made sure to watch our stuff when we went out to the dancefloor.  When I went this last time, I wasn't sure if it'd be the same.  I was afraid I had hyped it up too much to friends who have never been and that it might have lost it's hype; but when we went, we got the same great service, walked right in and had a great time.  Oh and we met and partied with a UFC fighter!  Fun times... =)
3	I got bottle service so my experience here may be different from non-bottle service.  The crowd was packed, but it seemed like the typical clubbers you'll see in LA and Orange County.  The decor in the club needs much improvement as it could easily pass for a cheesy strip club.  The bottle service was what made my night much better.  It did take awhile for the hostess to handle our group and the bottles were quite pricey.  The table that we got was small and there was barely any room for privacy and dancing.  The crowd was pretty whack near us as my friend was stalked by an ugly girl and another friend was stalked by a creepy guy.  Warning...you can smoke anywhere in the club and we all know that second hand smoking can kill.
1	The place was fun, the DJ was good...but the staff are jerks.  Someone stepped on my foot, and it started bleeding everywhere (a surprising amount of blood, considering it was my toe), and instead of being accommodating, they hassled us about leaving through the closest exit, since that was the front door.  They all just took turns looking at my bleeding foot with their flashlights.  Finally, after some convincing, they let me and boyfriend out the front, but made my other 2 friends walk through the entire club to get to the normal exit.  Lame!
3	Hey! I'm back in LA!  ..... Nope. Wait. Just Prive.Although this nightclub was not drastically (ok, or subtley) different than most in Vegas, I thoroughly enjoyed myself here more than many other venues. Decor is cheesy, as to be expected from any Sin City venue. I had bottle service, so I can't complain about expensive drinks and crowded bars, but everyone was much friendlier here than I encountered at other venues. We had security lead us wherever we wanted to go in a swanky effort to eliminate being crushed by the crowd, which, at 1 am on a Friday night, was obviously packed. Music was danceable, drinks were strong .... Wait, I poured my own. Exactly.
2	This place feels like an over crowed club in LA, so I would definitely go somewhere else if you want to go out in Vegas. Drinks are $20 and the weekend is soooo crowded you can't even dance, or stand. VIP is the only place you can breathe, but be careful of burnt out rocker-been sober for 235 days-daddies who invite you to meet their weirdo friends. Ya, Vegas. xxx C
4	It really depends, when it comes to clubs.  It's all on the hookups, time of day, your spirit, the crowd, etc.  Or sometimes it's just based on some serendipity workin' its way onto you (you know you liked that movie).The first time I came here was great.  Us girls just got dropped off by our crazy taxi man in front of Planet Hollywood, and the guy up front tells us to go to Prive.  We tell him that's what we're there for, to get the party started and he says he'll hook it up.  So one of us tells him well go escort us then so he takes us all the way up past the crowds, up the elevators, and we're in there like *bam*.  I had to later get a mysterious stranger up there too, so we go down to pick him and his friend up and do get them through the crowds, only with some added flirtation and what not with the guys workin' it.  We get them in but they still have to pay $30 (but it's Vegas?).The second time I went here I hollered at the lady who gave me her card (btw, don't buy those tickets they sell on the streets.  Just get a promoter to hook it up-they'll find you, or you go holler at them.  It's better if they find you though, so just shop around the mall and go around the streets).  This time I was with a mix of guys and girls, however, so we did have to wait a bit until shady man in charge of the lines demanded loads of money for us to get in.  So we had to help our guy homies out, and we all pitched in.  Because of that, it really wasn't too much of a cover, so it's all good.  Vegas is a great place to go with only girls because of the better treatment you'll receive, but even if you go with your guys, help them out.  Don't make them pay ALL the time now.  Only in Vegas....right?  Gotta make the nights good for everyone.Btw I didn't add about the club itself-it's nice, huge, a newer happenin' club versus other ones, and honestly, all the main clubs in Vegas are nice anyways.  Plus, a lot of it is based on how you're treated and who you're with, since the most important things in life aren't things but people!
3	This club is pretty dinky, but maybe that was just because I had been to Tao the night before. However, Steve Aoki was DJing, which made the atmosphere a lot better.It was also HILARIOUS when they had the Michael Jackson impersonator come out. So awesome.I also noticed a couple UFC fighters in the building.It is very similar to a strip club in terms of near-naked, toned girls getting paid to shake their asses for an audience. But the main point was to create a sexy atmosphere, I believe, which they succeeded in doing. There was no line to get in here, unlike Tao, and it wasn't too bad of a price either. $30 for my guy and $20 for myself.The experience was good, but not great.
2	So we came here for Halloween.  First off it was wayyyyy expensive, yes we understood it was Halloween weekend in Vegas but geez you are taking enough money away at the casino's already give us a break.  We had already booked tables for a group of 15 and we were held up at the door for almost an hour.  They wanted to make it look super exclusive.  When you spend over 1500 bucks you better not be held up at the door.  Once we arrived inside it wasn't anything special, and it wasn't packed.  The club itself is HUGE, with lots of hot go-go dancers but since so many people were left outside the people who actually made it in weren't all that.  I enjoyed the Prive in Miami much better!After much consideration I changed it to a 2 star since I only had fun due to the people I was with not the actual venue.
4	I really liked Prive! First off we got there and were suppossed to be meeting a friend who had a table, but hadn't arrived yet. The bouncer was nice and let us in front of the line free (our one guy had to pay) since our friend wasn't there yet.Inside it was a nice place we got a drink fairly quickly, it was good and strong. We got scooped up by some guy to his VIP table (including the guy with us) Free drinks all around and everyone was really nice.I liked the atmosphere, nice decorations, lots of bars, and pretty ok go-go dancers.Our friend finally showed up and we wandered over to her table for a bit.
1	All I have to say is POWERTRIP!!! the bouncers here are rude assholes. It was nearly 2am and these guys claimed that there was a 45 min wait to get in.There was a small crowd of about 15 ppl waiting and everyone was just standing around doing nothing. How lame! This club could have probably made some more money that night if they didn't hold up the line for nothing. It's also an inconvenient location. The entrance is right in the casino where ppl were walking around and there was no possible way to form an organized line.  So we left to gamble some more. =) I'm never going back to Prive again.
3	I guess this place died down a little over the past year.  Place is a lot smaller than I remember too, so I can see why some of my friends don't like this place as much as other spots in Vegas.Cool bathrooms and amenities like all clubs in Vegas.  Hot bartenders and hostesses.  Played mostly hip-hop the night we went last Friday, but I do recall some house/techno music getting randomly mixed in there too.  Dress code is lax compared to other clubs in Vegas.  Sneakers, jeans, short sleeve collard shirts, and even some t-shirts like Ed Hardy (if that's the style that floats your boat) are fair game here.Fun times, but I wish I was a little more incoherent to have noticed that this place isn't really that big.Friend got both his hand X'ed out from getting shit faced and dancing on top of our bottle service couches.  Haha!
1	My friends and I (2 girls, 1 guy)  were debating between going to a club or playing the penny slots. We decided to go to PH because it was close and as we walk in, some guy gives us VIP bracelets. We walk to the entrance of Prive and the 6 bouncers are standing around talking to each other. You can see part of the club from below and it's clearly not busy. But they make us wait and in the 10 minutes I was there they probably let in 15 guys (not hot) and 5 girls (cheap-looking).Some douchey David Hasselhoff wannabe with this disgusting greasy Miami Vice look comes up to us and says our  guy friend has to pay $20 and when we try to prompt a conversation, he just walks away and ignores us. This is pretty much how the other bouncers were too. He told another two girls (with no guy) that they had to pay $20 each.Ridiculous. A few questions for the bouncers:1. Why the fuck would you have a power trip working at Prive? It's not even cool.2. Why the fuck did you insist on creating an unattractive sausage fest?3. You have a fucking mullet. (Not a question but had to be said.)So I wound up yelling at the douche before I left. Me: I don't get how you can be drunk with power when you have a fucking mullet.Him: Yeah, okay.Good one.Plethora of ugly, desperate guys. Handful of tranny-inspired girls.
3	This club boasts about having the best state-of-the-art sounds system in las vegas. Ok, thats nice, but my ears can only handel so much! Its noticable from the second you step in the club, your whole body vibrates from the music. I was experiencing some serious throbing and ringing in my ears the next morning that I was concerned about. The club itself is decent, large space, high ceilings, and a smoke machine that f-ed up all our pictures. The crowd was starting to die down by the time we finished the preparty and arrived at 1 am. Our group had some problems with the bouncers like other yelpers. One of our guys wasn't allowed to wear his sunglasses (which maybe he gets for trying to wear shades in a club). But there was no line and we went straight up. I don't knwo if thats good or bad in vegas.It probably would be a good place to start off your night, get enough drinks in ya and it'll be a good time
3	As with any Vegas club nowadays, standing in line is a bore. Either grease the bouncer or get table service. We opted for the latter. Our server, Keoki, was cool as hell and made sure we were taken care of. One of the bouncers inside, Noble, came around quite often and make sure we were doing alright. Then got connected to Frank Tucker, the "main man" at the club, for some business. Nice. Otherwise, I give the place three stars because... - The main floor was rather full of a ghetto lookin crowd - Where's the freakin dress code?- Fat chicks... there was a group hangin out near our area that looked like they could play linebacker for the Philadelphia Eagles- Old chicks... two girls who looked like 40-somethings come to our table and ask if they can sit. WTF? Who are you?! Why would we let you sit at our table?! Weirdos. - Little separation between non-table peeps and table peeps... freakin assholes are sitting around and leaning against our couch and chair. If you wanna sit, get a table. - Overpacked tables... uh, like 15 to a single table? WTF... - Thieves... some little a-hole tried to play cool.. then steals one of our Red Bulls while we're not lookingThere's more to tell... but if we're paying major $$$ for a table, make the freakin area more exclusive rather than keeping it open to every jackass and barflies lookin for a free drink. Go for the vibe, go for the tailored service, go for a good music set... Don't expect anything beyond this.
3	Just ok. Ok. Music (the 2 nights I went the DJ didn't know his stuff...wierd/annoying scratching and looooong sessions of old school). The crowd is OK. Just OK. We only went at the end of the nights because we had free passes.
1	I will start out saying that I am not typically a "club" person, but its Vegas, so what the heck.  First of all, while we were gambling in the casino, we were approached by promoters boasting deals on bottle service and other VIP type offers if we signed up and promised the right quantity of people.  We were with a decent sized group, so we went for it.  When we arrived later that night, the entrance to the club was a mess.  There wasn't a line, just a ridiculous crowd that you have to fight your way through and then try and get a hold of one of the bouncers.  When a member of our group finally got to the front and found "our guy" we were able to get in and were promptly taken to a "prime table".  Prime is was not, it was crowded, had space for about two people to sit, and all of the deals on teh bottles we were promised had of course disappeared.  Needless to say, we ditched the table, the over-priced bottles and decided to try the dance floor.  Given the beginning to our experience, I think that we went into the dance floor pretty open, but it was also a mess.  The music was really loud and it was just a mess of people pushing through trying to get to another drink or another girl.  There was also a smoke effect that kept enhabiting the dance floor and smelled disgusting.  After all that, I promptly decided I would rather be gambling and turned to leave, which seems easy enought right?  wrong, it took about 20 minutes to find the exit which was through 2 other rooms down a hall, behind a curtain and it promptly dumps you on the completely other side of the casino of the entrance.  Apparently, they don't want you seeing the crowds of people running from this terrible nightclub.  Come on Planet Hollywood, you can do better.
2	went Fri March 27th.  meh...typical vegas club. same crowd and music as everywhere else. ive been to nicer venues in Vegas.  wasnt anything special.
3	Clubs like Prive are a dime a dozen in Vegas. As i expected the lines were long and the promoters we're letting all the girls in first, good luck getting in, if you're in a group of guys, unless you guys like waiting in lines or have bottle service. Its would be a good idea to try to find a promoter during the day at the Miracle Mile to get you passes for you and your friends. Obviously girls will have a much easier time getting into clubs such as Prive.We set up bottle service and our table was in the main room to right of the dj table, in a small circular rotunda. Our hostess was just ok, I only remember her checkin up on us once after she dropped off the bottles.If you like hip-hop and the top 40 hits, get ready to dance your butt off! The dj spun a good mix of music. Overall....Nothing to memorable about this place, good mix of people, good music, and decent size club. As I always recommend in Vegas, get your drink on, before going to anyclub, you'll save a ton of money. Especially if you're a regular Joe, like me. Cheers!!
3	VIP passes with complimentary bottle service. Thank you promoter Mike. -- cool. Lack of coordination between the hosts and having to wait at the top of the escalators while they figured out how to do their job -- uncool. "Spacious" Dance floor, Joel Madden as the DJ, music mix -- cool.No free glasses of tap water to hydrate while dancing -- uncool. Security guards at the end of the night saying the infamous line "I'm just doing my job" to excuse their chickening out and NOT doing the right thing. (enough said)-- uncool. If such list existed, this place is checked off of it. It was fun while it lasted, but I wouldn't make it a point to go back.
4	Got into the place magically no problem with two incredibly hot LA girls I met while waiting in line.  Somehow pulled our way into the front of the line to get in like VIP style no joke.  I think this place would have been lame for my if I hadn't met those awesome girls in line.  The place itself isn't really all that great, definitely new when I was there last August.  Decently big, but not huge.  This was the first of like 2 or 3 clubs I went to that night.. LOL.
3	We had to wait longer in line at Prive than any other club in Vegas even though we were on the list. The club is huge, large dance floor with high ceilings. They played top 40 which I enjoy. Samantha Ronson also DJ'd for about 2 hours which was cool. Overall the club was okay but there are better.
3	The VIP service is overrated.  They put our group of 16 with 20 other people in one VIP area.  There were so many people in our VIP area that people had to sit on the back ledge of the couch and people had to sit on the bit of couch infront of those people.  I was wearing heels, so crawling on a big couch doesn't work out well unless you want to snap your ankles off.  We all got one good drink each and after that nada....the group(s) we shared the VIP area with would jump on any new bottles that were brought to the table which was like 1 or 2 more.  we had to buy the rest of our drinks.  So where's the VIPness?  I had loads of fun anyway.  None as the result of Prive's VIP.  All due to great friends, music and zero inhibition. Couple of good things: Interior is cool, they're not skimpy with the alcohol in their cocktails.
2	Never again...The club is very spacious and the dance floor is huge, but the decor is very plain. Our table was supposed to be for 6 but it only fit four, two had to sit on the top of the couch. My problem (I'm going to sound like an old man here) was that the music was waaay too loud. When your ears start too hurt because of the music, you know it's too loud. I've been to plenty of clubs/concerts/raves and this was the first time my ears have actually hurt. They have this ambulance siren and truck horn that they would sound at random and it was twice as loud as the actual music. There was also a lot of obvious drug use going on. The dance floor reeked of bud and the group next to us was doing lines off the table. I know, I know it's Vegas and I'm no hater, but it made the club feel less classy and reminded me of a rave. My friend brought this to our host's attention and asked if this club was "legit". His answer, "this club is totally legit, but if you don't want it to be legit, I can make that happen too." BEST LINE EVER. If you want to sum Vegas up in one line, that was IT.2 Stars go out to our awesome host. He didn't try to screw us like LAX and he went out of his way to bring hot girls up for my single friends. We waited less than 5 minutes to get in and we got bouncer escort to a private bathroom. He was a way cool guy and bent over backward to make sure we had a good time.When we went back to the escalators to leave, we were redirected to the "exit". I told the bouncer, there's a down escalator right there and asked why I couldn't use it. He said it's not the "exit" and that I had to go back through the club to the other side. It was then that I realized the illusion, they don't want people exiting where others enter so it "looks" like nobody's leaving when in fact the club was emptying out around 2.
3	Why Prive is cool:*A cool promoter offers 8 drunk & hot girls a free bottle. Awesome!*Joel Madden spinning that night. Even more awesome!*Spacious dance floor. *Free drinks from random guys at their tables. ;)Why Prive isn't cool:*Bodyguards being retarded. *Stuck up gals trying to push my friend and then giving me lip about it. STUPID.*Waiting too long in line when promised a bottle.I don't think I'll come back to Prive. The other clubs in Vegas are far more better than Prive will ever be.
2	If you like clubs that has 5 guys to every 1 girl this is the place to be. They let more guys in before they even let the girls in.  It's all about who you know, that's what the security guys said. They said "The owner is kicking you guys out." They didn't even try kicking out just the instigators. They had to kick out the whole group right when everyone started having a good time. We paid for bottle service and they still fucking kicked up out. Ridiculous...
4	we got in for free..it wa......so i started to write this review months ago and i never finished...well i am proud to announce that i have made table reservations for june..... so apperently i like this place!!!! cant wait to go and act a fool!!!
2	Went here on Thursday, but it was just "The Living Room" - meaning they just opened the small lounge area. If I want to be in a living room I would have stayed at home. So, Thursdays are a no-go there. Went back on Friday after meeting up with a promoter and getting a free table with 20 other girls. It was...eh. Hosted by Miss USA chicks and Lil Jon. Last Lil Jon party I went to at Jet and was cracking! Don't know what happened- maybe we left too early. Went with another promoter to get walked into Tryst- which was 10 times better.
2	Why Prive gets so much love, I could never say, but it's definately not well deserved. First experience here, it wasnt very full, there was no real vibe of the place and the music mixes were nothing to rave about. This was on a Friday and I was told that Saturday looks like a whole new club. Since this place came with high acclaim by people I trust, I gave it another try the next day. I walked up Saturday with table reservations and waited in a massive herd of eager club gooers for about an hour. They were certainly telling the truth when they said it was a whole nother club. So after patiently/impatiently waiting for an almost an hour, this VIP host tells me my specific table was no longer available and is now saying the bottle minimum changed from none to 2. Just becuase I was irritated and I had been in line for so long and it was my BDay, I said fine; whatever, get me seated! 15 minutes later he comes to me and says, tonight is so crazy the minimum is now three bottles! Making a long story short, me and my party of 6 went across the street to the Bank at Bellagio where VIP host Bryce hooked us up and took care of us immediately. It's very unlikely I'd come to Prive again. its just not worth the fuss and its overall on the lame side.Organization and efficiency of the door 1Crowd                                                           2Set-up of VIP tables                                   2Music                                                            3Drinks                                                           2VIP experience                                            1
1	We got here around 10pm and it was insane, probably because Brittney Spears had her after party there......!! mobs of people crowding the escalator, we had no problem getting in because we paid for the shitty bottle service. I actually had a lot of fun till they decided to give our table to some other group because we were way too drunk to order any more bottles from them....the security guard told me they were going to reset our table whatever the hell that means. You can go fuck yourself, stupid bouncers and security guards. FUCK YOU AND YOUR CLUB!!Don't waste your time here, there are way better clubs in vegas!
2	How to turn a group of Catholic-educated, respectful, professionally successful, nice and un-skanky girls into brawling, cursing, agro cholas? Take them to Prive! We went here for my girlfriend's bachelorette and after being somewhat jerked around by the promoter, landed ourselves a table and free bottle service. Holla! The vodka was actually Cutex poured into a nice bottle though. No holla for that!It was fun and the music was good, until a common Prive specimen (a stumbling blond with cheap hair extensions and a mo-hawked boyfriend, flanked by bouncers as she was being thrown out of the club) decided to drunkenly slam into our our group, fall down and attack one of my girlfriends who had no idea what the heck was going on.GAH, it's making me catty just thinking about it! Needless to say, it was poorly handled by the bouncers and it reminded me more of a trailer trash roadhouse than what it's trying to be.
1	**The only good thing about you was the cute guy out front handing out VIP wristbands.... You'd be worth no-stars, but Mr. Hottie redeemed you.**If you don't read any more of my review, please take this with you:  with SO many better choices in Vegas, don't bother wasting your time at Prive.The crowd is kinda weak (trashy), the staff is rude, and the music feels like I somehow got trapped in a time warp and it's 2005 all over again.I gave this place two chances:  was disappointed the first time, and I'm STILL mad at myself for going the second time.  No 'third time' will be needed, thanks.BTW:  Don't get fooled into falling for the VIP wristband trick.  Yes, you may get in without paying cover, but if it's a busy night, you may have to tip the bouncer to get past the big crowd outside.  It's true, they apparently are too cool for organized lines at this fine establishment.  The alternative would be to waste your night waiting for the crowd to thin down so that the bouncer can grant you the blessing of entering Prive.
1	Me and my friends had VIP Tickets to go to this club, We ended up in line for over and hour and finally asked the bouncer what was going on because we where first in and line and then we realized the bouncers get to pick and choose who they want in the club, No Biggie, We ended up leaving and had a better time at another club up the street, We met 6 people that was at Prive earlier and they said we didn't miss much that the drinks where way to expensive and they where weak, All I can say about the club is the bouncers where rude and I would not recommend this to anyone and if anyone hands u a ticket or wrist band for this club don't take it because most likely u wont get in unless you do $400 bottle service, This CLUB SUCKS plan and simple. I have been their before and was impressed then and still not.
1	I went there for my birthday it was my pick because it was in the hotel I was staying. After walking the strip that same afternoon we encountered a bouncer who gave us VIP wristbands. Man I thought this was a sign for me to be in this spot . But don't the wrist band doesn't mean anything unless you know someone or look to their liking. The music got better the the crowd got rowdy . I hated the smoke machine and the anorexic booty dancers .Oh and there was almost a fight in the lady room ! Go some where else ! Ashanti was there but who really cares
2	Since I didn't actually get to go *in* the club tonight, I won't be as harsh as I normally would. I know the manager, Kevin, did his best to try to get me and my best friend into the club, is why I'm going to give it one extra star. I thought about giving it three stars, but I think that would be pushing it a little since we didn't actually get to party.Tonight was Malin Akerman's birthday celebration, and since I'm a big fan of Watchmen, that's why I wanted to attend. I found out about the event through Facebook, and I thought everything was covered two days in advance. I made my RSVP through FB, texted Kevin all my info, and thought I was in and everything was taken care of. Wrong. I don't do a lot of nightlife stuff since I'm more of a homebody, and as a local, I don't spend too much time on the Strip, but I thought it would be fun to hang out with my BFF for a night out.I would recommend you do NOT go when there is a celebrity party. Not only was Ms. Akerman in attendance (too bad I didn't get to see her - where was the red carpet anyway?), I also heard the cast of Entourage and The Hills were there, so I can understand that it was crazy busy. Kevin did do his best to try to accommodate us and get us in, and I appreciate his help a lot. He could have ignored my texts and phone calls, but he didn't and I have to give him big kudos for that. Like I said before, it was crazy busy and he must have gotten swamped upstairs. He seemed like a really nice guy compared to the other staff members at the front who were kind of standoffish.Even though my friend and I got VIP wristbands, it still did not get us in. We were told that they were valid for free admission before 11, and we arrived there at 10:30. However, I think we should have gotten there even earlier than that. I will remember to arrive *at least* by 9:30 next time I try to go with my friends again. Their bottle service/tables start at a whopping $375.00. It's not so bad if you are with a big group so you can split it, or if you have money to burn, but the fact that you get in right away for that price tag is a little too rich for my blood. As a local lady, I was under the impression that it is usually customary to get in for free at clubs, and I did not want pay the cover charge ($20 after 11). I will update this review at a later time should I go when there isn't a celebrity present. I'm sure that Kevin will be able to get us in next time. I still haven't lost hope on this place, but I agree with others that they need to be more organized. I went to TAO two weeks ago and I was able to get on the guest list and go in with no problems. I will give the staff at Prive the benefit of the doubt, being that it was a celebrity event. Hopefully it will be a lot better experience next time!
4	There's not even a line at Prive...it's just a huge crowd of people in front of the escalators. Since I was the only girl out of the group, I pushed through the crowd of people and a promoter got me and my friends in. So we only waited at most 10 minutes. I had a great time. But if I had to wait in that crowd of people...I would just go somewhere else.
3	3.40 stars.We got free admission tickets from our hotel at Monte Carlo. With the tickets in hand, we (somehow) bypassed the line/crowd at the bottom of the escalator. The tickets supposedly came with one free drink, but we never got it (b/c the bouncer/promoter took our tickets upfront). Initially, we thought "whatever, just one drink." But, this is Vegas. drinks are expensive. And this place is very expensive! $18+ for an AMF? $6 for a tiny-tiny bottle of water? Luckily I didn't drink much, b/c the prior night I had a good time at MGM Lounge. =)The dance floor area is kind of small. Directly overhead, there are lights, speakers, and a freaking blow horn/siren. It got soooo annoying and loud when did the siren. It was "cool" the first time. But afterwards, it was too much. One cool thing was that they got a Michael Jackson look-and-dance-alike to do some moves on stage.It was an all right place. Luckily we got in free. I'll probably try a different venue next time, whenever that may be.
4	i have no complaints about this place. we had awesome VIP bottle service here memorial weekend. walked right in with no problems.  the music at this club on sunday night was one of the best, they played hip hop the entire night so it was non stop dancing and booty-bouncing all night! oh! and lil' jon made a quick appearance dj'ing as well.the security guards watching over the VIP table service area were super nice to us. our servers really took good care of us as well.  oh! and they have a "special" bathroom for people with table service. i dont know if its like that at other clubs, but it was the first for me so i thought it was pretty cool not to have to wait in long ass bathroom lines! lol
3	Prive is small for a club by Vegas standards.  I got the impression that the club had a complex about how small it is and was trying to make up for it by having the loudest sound system in Vegas.  Clubs can be so insecure about their size.....I got in for free through my friend that is a VIP host there but I would never have paid $30 to get in.  There are way better places in Vegas to go for a $30 cover.  The crowd was definitely a step down from the other clubs I went to in Vegas.  How do you say trashy in a nice way?  Ummmmm......Can't think of a way.  We had a VIP section that wasn't so VIP.  The only thing seperating us from everyone else was a rope and the fact that we had a section of a couch.  Our particular section was kind of rough b/c it was right next to a speaker and after a couple hours my brain was begging for mercy.  It wasn't all bad though...Lil John DJ'd which was pretty cool.  I'm not a fan of his music but that guy can get a party going.  Everyone was going nuts.  Later on Andy Milonakis (sp?) got up and did a remix with Micky Avalon over a Lil John beat.  I cannot believe I am about to say this but Andy Milonakis went off.  I can't tell you if that guy is 12 or 35 but he could rap his ass off.  Micky Avalon performed afterward and he put on a good show too.  The best part was that the performances seemed so off the cuff.  They actually didn't even use a stage.  Everyone just stood on the DJ booth and got busy.  I guess you can't give more than 3 stars when the Andy Milonakis remix was the highlight of the night.
1	I was finally able to go inside Prive last night for the CineVegas opening night party, which was free admission with the purchase of the opening film's ticket. Although my experience was (slightly) better than last time, and my best friend and I had fun, my consensus is that Prive is no better than any other club on the Strip I have been to so far.It is small compared to other clubs. The layout is like a circle. The main dance floor is the club proper, and around the other side is the Living Room, which I assume is their more loungey part of it. However, my friend and I didn't get to go inside the Living Room because it was closed off for another private event. The drinks were free, and they weren't bad. I got a nice buzz off only one Cosmo, which was all I drank all night. I'll bet if I went when the club was open on a regular night, I'm sure they would have been expensive, just like other clubs I have been to, on or off the Strip. The DJ played some good songs, but he also played music I didn't care for (but then again, no DJ is ever going to play 100% what you want unless he or she takes requests). I asked him at one point if he took requests, but he didn't, which bummed me out, but we still had a fun time regardless. He played the siren that others have written about here and there, but it wasn't too obnoxious. I appreciated the fact that he played old school music mixed in with today's stuff, but I think he was trying to appeal to the older folks in the crowd, of which there were plenty. I don't think this would have been the same crowd that normally goes to Prive if they weren't here for the CineVegas party.After about an hour or so, the dance floor really heated up and a lot of people were dancing. I was worried these people would be like some others I have seen at clubs who just sit around looking "cool" and not dancing. It was nice to see people really getting down shaking their booties off for a change. :-) They also had this mist that floated from the ceiling above the dance floor, which was a little cheesy, but it was not obnoxious either. I didn't feel too crowded on the dance floor like I did at some place like say, TAO, and had plenty of room to dance, so that was definitely a plus.So, would I go back to Prive? I get the impression it is mainly a hip-hop club, which isn't really my scene. My best friend was even less impressed than I was. I thought four or even three stars would have been too generous since this place didn't "WOW" me. I'd only go back if it were a special event like the one I attended tonight or if I had a really good promoter that could get me and my friends on the guest list and in the club for free. Other than that, no, I would not pay the cover charge to get in here. EDIT: 9/10/09 - So Prive has re-opened and reportedly cleaned up its act. Even if this has happened, I'm wasn't impressed enough that I would ever go back and their reputation has already been tarnished.
2	Pretty ghetto. Pretty empty at 2:30am on a Friday night. Pretty sick that girls were barfing in the sinks. Pretty much not going back.
1	I was on a club tour with a friend of mine who is a club promoter. Prive was the first stop of four clubs that night (Prive, Christian Audiger, Studio 54 and Pure). Prive was early in the evening so it was kinda dead but they were playing good music. Nobody on the dance floor so everybody stares at you when you are getting down with your bad self. I didn't have to pay cover so we skipped the line and went straight to VIP. Outside bottle service I wanted to do shots with my friends just to get the evening rockin a little quicker. Patron Silver was the most expensive I have ever seen it on the strip! it was like 30 a shot! The club was small and the people in there were kinda ghetto which I didnt like! Seriously, you are in Vegas make it a point to dress up a bit! I wouldnt give this place a very high rating and probably wouldnt go back again even if there was no cover. Which I havent had to pay in Vegas yet! I love knowing people!
1	Okay, so I just went to Vegas for the first time for my 21st birthday. Basically, I LOVE VEGAS! The clubs we went to were absolutely amazing...EXCEPT Prive!So let me just say, all the girls that work there were BITCHES! We ordered about 5 drinks and we wanted to pay with cash and card. The bartender said, "Well, we can't do that!" Hella snobby and rude. We were confused why she couldn't perform such an easy task... which EVERYWHERE else can! We were asking her why and she was just giving us attitude like "WE JUST CAN'T." So we were sitting there trying to gather money together to pay for our drinks and she got impatient and randomly just picked up our drinks and slammed them to the side and said "I can't deal with this! Either you pay, or you don't get your drinks!" And we were so shocked... that's what we were trying to do, was PAY. DUH. It's not like we're just gonna walk away. I swear she was a dumb bitch. Sorry. I don't mean to be rude, but she was a total BUZZ KILL. And to kill a buzz in Vegas is a pretty huge accomplishment. So I guess the bitch gets one star for that... NOT. Anyways, my friend ends up putting in $40 for only his drink, because we all didn't have cash on us. (By the way, the drinks were ridicuously over priced!) Throughout this whole lame discussion with this bartender my friends and I were being totally calm and respectful. We were just shocked that she was really giving us this huge, not needed attitude towards us.So, after the 30min buzz kill... we started dancing. The music was far to loud... like vibrations everywhere. My ears were killing me! I like loud music, but DAMN. Also, all the other workers there were helpless. They just sat there on bumb on logs. Seriously, worst club experience of my life! Never going there again. Sad that is, it's the club in the resort I stayed at (Planet Hollywood). The resort is LEGIT... minus club Prive.So, if you go there (which I obviously don't recommend), be prepared to pay money to get in, deal with horrible customer service, and waaaaay to loud of music.The end :)
1	What a disappointment!  Maybe I set my standards to high for this place.  The night we went, Asher Roth was going to be there.  Not a huge star in my eyes, but he's from my backyard so worth going to check out.We did not wait long to get in, maybe 20 minutes, but talk about chaos!  There is a huge crowd, not a line, at the bottom of the escalator to go up to the club.  I just happened to find a hole and get up close enough to be seen and acknowledged.The club itself is small.  It would appear bigger if 3/4 of it wasn't VIP tables for bottle service.Here is the "I'll never go back to that joint again" factor.  I guess I'm too old to go out all night, drink and dance and then expect to be able to sit down someplace.  Not only can you not sit down on the plush seating in the entraceway, but you also can not lean up against anything without security telling you to move along.I think we were there for 2 hours total.  It wasn't worth it.  I should have stayed at the table in the casino.
4	I'm used to most big Vegas clubs to play more  techno.. but really came through with the hip hop and top 40 and then maybe one hour of techno to please the wild party animals lol.So for my cousin's bday we decided to get table service and she worked it out with Chris..who treated us well and got us into the club right away..(I will post a  photo) Prive is really on point with their security, the waitresses, and the VIP spots. They seriously had like 60 -80 people working in every corner of the club... very professional!We also got to catch a glimpse of Holly madison who is a new member of "Peep Show"!! I plan to watch that next time I go.Anyway- had a grat time dancing all night and walking around all the little VIP areas.. everyone was having a good time! Loved it!
4	The club is very nice, located in Planet Hollywood. Went there with a group of 26 people, recommend getting a table because the line is very long and it's hard to get in without hook ups. Hey that's Vegas for you!! At the booth, we had two waiters. Boy, they were nice and courteous.There is only one dance floor with many private booths. The music was great, hip hop that night (Friday). The crowd seemed chilled, but boy buying additional drinks are expensive!!!
3	Went to Prive for my friends birthday "days" lol, and this was one of the places we went to. Being a group of girls we were able to get in right away without cover. The staff was really friendly as they were letting us in. I have been here before on a Friday night and had an amazing time. This time it was a Monday night and while it was fun it was extremely overwhelmingly crowded. They have 2 areas, the 2nd area is only open on weekends we found out on this trip, which could've been the cause of it being so packed inside. They were playing great music but there wasn't any room to dance. So my recommendation is to go on a weekend when both rooms are open so that way you have room to move around, but it might be a little harder to get in unless you purchase a table on the weekends.
2	ummmmm prive....where do i begin lol....you have to wait in line for about 2 hours on a monday and then still pay $30which means in order to get in you would prob have to be in line at like 9 o clock lol....the trash they let in for free had to be strippers or something bc they all had "that look" if you not from Nevada or maybe even Cali you not getting in bc everyone knew somebody in some kinda way....We even heard one of the bouncer tell this black dude if he was wearing a Rolex they would probably let him in!!! and then they were letting all these ppl for VIP tables that cost $300 and up 3 ppl max which is crazy for some girls to pay!!! so make this ong night even whacker i saw a chick with cellulite get in lol...im like wtf is going on so me n friends decided to dip after an hour bc by then we were tired anyway just from wasting good energy.... prive is not a place for outta town ppl just looking to enjoy all of vegas its for ppl who already live there or something....so we left and ended up seeing this group of guys and partying with them at Jet which was coooool
4	I've been here a few times and had fun each time. Last time for a bachelorette party, we got a table and two bottles of champagne plus tax and tip ended up being $400..not bad for vegas..I like that its not too crowded like other clubs (Tao) and that its not hard to get in if you're just a group of girls.  I really like the music there too.
4	All of my friends told me Prive is wack and it's not a place you want to be at if you're in Vegas, but shoooooot, I had a BLAST here. Maybe it was company? Maybe it was the alcohol? Maybe this place is just actually fun..?We went Memorial Day weekend so the line was pretty crazy, but we eventually got bumped up and were let in :) The music was great, the atmosphere was cool, and the bartender (tall Asian girl) was soooo great! She made my friend and I a special drink that tasted like a birthday cake. YUM! Asher Roth performed this night and I totally thought it was just his music playing, but then I realized that everyone was staring my direction...I looked behind me and he was performing RIGHT behind me! I had such a good time here and I'd definitely come back.
1	Awful place. Avoid at all costs!
4	Went there in Nov 2008, Rex Lee (aka lloyd from entourage) was there on Fri. The next night the celeb host was Chase Johnson from that MTV show "Laguna Beach" and Harrison Ford showed up (not to see him, I assume). Agree that some of the tables are very crowded; the tables near the kitchen/DJ booth are the best. Some are in corners and seat about 4 people and you can't really see anything.Line can be pretty rank.
2	The Nevada Gaming Control Board just fined Planet Hollywood $500,000 with another $250,000 pending if they do not clean up Prive's act. This is because of unruly practices and blatant disregard to rules and regulations. Such as mistreatment of inebriated customers. Numerous complaints against the staff and management. I was here a couple of months ago and I personally witnessed a lot of shady things transpire in this darkened room they call a nightclub. If the NGCB actually intervened then something is definitely wrong with this place. Spend your money elsewhere until they are out of the limelight.Beware of fake reviews from the orange heads! :)
3	Not perfect: some things were good, some things were bad. Let's make a list (I like lists)The good:- Places to sit even when you don't have table service. Most clubs lack this and my feet appreciated this greatly as I was torturing them in 4 inch heels- Good music. Fun DJ- Nice boys who let you sit at their tables and drink their drinks (haha)- Really cool and fast bartender- Saw Tito Ortiz and Jenna Jameson The not so good- Seriously overpriced drinks. $7 for a BUD LIGHT? HAHA! FUNNY! A 6 pack of Bud Light is barely worth that!- Some pretty bad go-go dancers. Not gonna knock them all but some of them just could not dance and it was awkward to watc- Most disorganized line to get in ever. Basically just shove and push your way to the front with ID in hand and try to slip in. Being a girl helps (or bribing the bouncer). Overall I had a  decently fun time and the main reason for going was bc we were staying in the hotel so it was very convenient to go home. Probably won't be back thoughAlso be warned that cover is CASH ONLY. We saw so many ppl booted back out bc they tried to pay with credit cards. Better yet, get yourself on some kind of list and get in free.
3	this place is ok... it used to get really jammed packed when they first opened. lately everytime i drop in here its been dead..i've popped bottles here quite a few times... and always had a good time...once in a while you will catch me here if i have absolutly nothing to do...i like this place, because i like the vibe at planet hollywood.. espcially after i leave the club to hit the tables...this place is good if you want to have a "chill" night.but there are better places in vegas...
2	Prive is rather small, for the huge crowd and making us wait forever, I expected a lot better. Thank god we got in free.The music was so weird and the DJ sucked ass. Seriously after every 5 seconds "LADIES" "WHERE MY PRETTY LADIES AT" so on and so forth. Apparently, by the time we left, Steve Aoki was already there and already DJ'ed and I had no idea. lol. Also, there was this really nice body guard who let us in the VIP bathroom after some bitch accidentally poured her drink all over us. I think I've been in bigger and better clubs in San Jose.
1	I'm not sure why the people here haven't ever heard of this concept called a LINE, instead they allow people to form a mob scene in front of the escalator entrance and you get to fight your way to the front and proceed to flaunt your stuff to see if they like you enough to let you in. Ah, so we think since we have some handy dandy wristband that says VIP on it AND we know a VIP host that there must be a way around this hoopla, but no. We fight our way to the front (and get our toes stepped on a lot), only to witness a group of like 15 scruffy guys being let in while all the pretty ladies standing in front of us are treated like scum. We are eventually told we are in the wrong area and have to go around to the other side and do this AGAIN. Nope! Luckily I had us on lists in like 5 other places and since it was my birthday, I didn't feel like waiting in this mob so off we went!! Never ever again, this place was way too pretentious even for MY taste!
1	I hate prive..rude dramatic poeple...club is lame...& no where to dance or just chill way too overpacked....the only good news the bartender know how to make a purple hooter....go & order that & then just leave
1	Good thing we got in free with some wristbands cuz the place is not worth paying cover. It's definitely one of the smaller clubs on the Strip and most of the real estate is for tables. You have this tiny strip of a dance floor that also doubles as a main artery walkway. You can dance for 10 seconds and then expect to be interrupted as somebody rudely pushes their way through the crowd. Oh yea, the exit is by the bathrooms. They don't really tell you where the exit is, you just walk towards different exit signs and then somebody would stop you once you get too close. But the thing I hated most of all was the DJ!!! He was horrible. There would be times where the music just stops and you hear the crowd just talking. Transitions would be train whistles, or police sirens that are so annoying you see people putting their fingers to their ears. You would have rock, hip hop, techno, and 80s music within the span of 30 minutes.I would never go back here.
3	I would only come back if we had bottle service.  We got in free via a promoter, but it was a pain in the ass.  The layout is just begging for people to fall and hurt themselves.  There's lots of needless ramps and steps and twists and turns.  The night we were there, Jermaine Dupri was DJ'ing, and that made it worth the trip.  If you ever get the chance to see him, GO!
1	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 7 of many reviewsBleh!It's ironic that the idea of night life in sin city has been reduced to mosh pit like lines and douche bags for hosts. Judging from what I saw inside I had more fun outside in line. And honestly, who sends people away for wearing plaid.. grant it that it's not the most stylish concept... but it's not baggy jeans nor flip flops but simply poor taste. What they should restrict is the number of dumb asses wearing sun glasses indoors...*putting away sun glasses
1	If I had to put this club into one word, that word would be terrible. Cover price is too much, drinks are way too expensive, the music was bleh, it was dirty, and the crowd was awful. They just lost their liquor license--good riddance.
1	I've heard through the grapevine that they are now CLOSED, due to various violations, including but not limited to: underage drinking, illcit drug use, excessive nudity........I'm sure they'll be back
1	I hope the rumors about them closing are true because this place does not deserve to stay open.  First let me start with the ridiculous cluster f*ck to get into the club.  Apparently no one that works for Prive has heard of this concept known as a line because instead, a mass of about 150 were outside with everyone trying to push their way to the front.  The hosts picked and chose who they wanted to let in and I saw a lot of money being handed over to bribe the hosts.  And why did they need 10 hosts at the entrance, all of whom were constantly on their blackberries...annoying.  Luckily, I was only with my sister so we got in in about 20 minutes since we were such a small group.  Once we got inside the place was pretty empty so I'm not sure why there was such a production to let people in.  Drinks were typical Vegas prices $13 for a goose and cranberry.  The crowd was whack.  A LOT of old bitches trying to look young in their tight little dresses and wrinkled raisin faces.  We stayed long enough to see Jermaine Dupri spin a couple of songs and then got out of there.  Trying to exit this place is ridiculous, you have to work your way all the way thru the crowd to the back of the club, past some dark curtains in a back hallway and when you finally do get out of the place you're on a deserted floor above the Planet Hollywood casino.  I won't be going back!
5	IF YOU WANNA GET DOWN ON SOME HIP HOP MUSIC with a mix of TOP 40, a sprinkle for techno/rave and a hint of classic old school then COME TO PRIVE! I know, I already know! There are plenty of clubs that are better than club Prive like XS, Tryst, Body English, Tao....etc. but I would come here just for the music and service! I've been to this club twice. The first time was a blast!! Trying to get in the club was pure chaos because of the line situation. Once you get past the line (if that's what you want to call it) then let the party begin! DJ Jermaine Dupri (who I'm a fan of) happend to be the guest DJ of the night so I was pretty stoked about that! He kept the crowd hype and dancing all night long. Drinks were pricey thoooo! I lost my camera here too (my mistake). The second time was even better. We had bottle service with our table on the side of the dance floor. The promoter dude Jeff was really cool and made sure we we're enjoying ourselves. The bouncer assigned to our section was making sure everything was taken care of! The DJ kept the hits coming til the wee hours in the morning.
5	"Push me. And then just touch me. Til I can get my satisfaction"  Music was loud, I can't believe I even heard them lyrics....  AWESOME!!!!  The line was very long, but how could you blame them, everyone wanted to get into one of the hottest clubs on the strip.... We were greeted and escorted by our man Jeff Kovatch.... Dress to impress gentlemen, and ladies do yo thang...  Holler at me!!!    The Dj's at prive did a good job keeping the crowds on their feet and not their asses on the seat....  Jeff kept comin back to make sure we were always takin care of.... VIP was very nice...  we were treated like kings that night...  They had a lady pouring our drinks for us, security guards lighting our cigarettes, what more could you ask for...  I just wished they had someone wipe the drool from my mouth from looking at all the hott ladies....
1	NEVER again am i going to this GHETTO ass club! A bachelorette party starting a fight?? Are you serious? What a joke. The only cool thing about this club is that they played songs from Michael Jackson. Other than that...it's like any other club you might find in TJ.
3	Let's see.... 3 out of the 1000 club promoters found our group of girls out on the town.... got our wrist bands, took one of our numbers... and before I knew it, we were waiting for 30 minutes in line to get in.... Promises were made: No wait, free drinks, VIP area, and Mickey Avalon was performing...So the VIP status and the free Sky vodka drinks were met, so that was cool. Music was pretty dope, and the girls dancing were nice enough eye-candy. Well we danced and partied our ass off till about 1am... which then we started asking "where's mickey?!?" Promoters who clubbed with us told us "He's coming, he's coming... just wait till 1:30..." .... then it was "just wait till 2!".... Now mind you this is Friday night, 2 of my friends flew in from back east... so it was like 4:30am for them.... so we said F-it, and left for our room. But it was pretty cool for not spending money in the club and just having to wait 30 minutes to get up the escalator.
1	My review may be unfair....I didnt go in.  The line for this place was the most unorganized blob of pushing and shoving people I've ever seen.  On top of that...the general admission line was long as all get out and there were no cute guys in it.  I looked at every single person in that line.  It was mostly females...BLAH!  This is Vegas...a manfest!  Jermaine Dupri must be one helluva DJ.  Prive will be a club I go to on a Wednesday or Thursday when I come back.  (If I ever come back to this club.  There's so many other options)
2	Was here 9/11/09 staying at PH. We were with a group of 7: 4 guys and 3 girls. Our host informed us to meet at the Halo Bar in the Miracle Mile shops between 10:00PM and 10:30PM. We were told it would be no cover for the ladies and guys were $50.00, which included table and bottle service. After standing around for about 45 minutes, waiting for another group, we were told the plans had changed and guys would not allowed to sit at the table, they had to pay just $10.00 cover to get in and the ladies would still be free with table/bottle service. Another 30 minutes goes by before our host gives up on the other group and we head in to supposedly get into the club. The VIP line is as long as the line for the general public. As our group is waiting to go up the escalator a mob of "other VIPs" splits our group up and some of us get in, some of us are waiting at the bottom of the escalator and others are still on line behind the rope. Luckily as I headed upstairs I got a stamp on my wrist. At the top there are three more lines to wait in and a cash box for cover. We were informed guys were $30 and ladies were $20 after 11:00PM. The only reason we were arriving "after 11:00PM" was because we were waiting on our host. Naturally, our host has been detained downstairs and isn't there to explain our "status". They let me and the other girls in free as we had stamps. They cut the guys wrist bands off and charged them $30 a head. At least we're in. I look around and I am astounded the line was so long for this place. It's half empty and every table has 10-15 girls sitting (not dancing) at it. Maybe 12 guys in the whole place. The music is a weird throwback mix of 90's Top 40/R&B. Out of no where our host appears and explains that since the guys already paid it's too late but he can let the girls sit at a table and drink for free. So much for guys not being allowed at tables; it was a sausage fest at the table with "free Skyy for VIPs". I was able to use my feminine wiles to snag drinks for myself and a few others in our group. An unlucky one was stuck paying $14 for a Corona that was poured into a plastic cup. By about 12:30AM the vodka just "ran out" and was not replaced and there was no explanation. The club itself was laid out very strangely and the headliner never showed. All in all I would not come back here. Rain, Tryst and Tao are much nicer Clubs, minus the drama just getting in the door.
1	DO NOT listen to any of the promoters for this club. They lie and lie and lie. Ours promised us bottle service for a certain price and then totally took it back and tried to make us pay up once he got us inside. SUPER SNEAKY LIARS!!When they relized we couldn't pay up they had security escort us out the back side of the club down a dark hallway and we ended up by a kitchen and by the freight elevators...it was so bizarre and then we got tagged like under 18 years old at a 21+ place with X's on our hands. All our our friends were super dressed up, we had 50/50 girls to boys ratio....it was BS.
1	I really shouldn't complain because we all got in for free (3 guys, 7 girls) and free table service but this place was empty. Again, nothing special. Nothing memorable. Top 40 music. And this is a Saturday night! I've never been in a club where I had so much room to dance and walk around. I didn't bump into anybody. I guess it could be a good thing but it took a long time for people to actually start getting on the dance floor, which didn't even really look like a dance floor, and actually dance. There's an area outside of the restroom with a huge round couch that only ladies were allowed to sit on. No guys allowed to sit. And you're not allowed to take off your shoes which sucked cuz I was wearing 5 inch heels and taking my shoes off for at least a minute would have been cool. I guess it's good cuz then there's no stanky feet near the entrance.
1	The worst club I've been to in Vegas. I've been to Rain, Moon/Playboy, Ghostbar, Tao, Tryst, XS, JET, Pure, Tangerine. Prive is by far the worst.The bouncers are extremely sketchy. We were first in the general admission line and they moved our group out of the line into a different line for no reason. They said this line wasnt being used that night, yet they let everyone behind us stay in the line (probably because we were a group of 6 guys).We wait 45 minutes total to pay a $30 cover charge only to enter the club and see it ENTIRELY empty. The DJ was playing very cookie cutter playlists- nothing even remotely original or cool at all. So we wanted to leave and come back given that re-entry is a pretty standard thing in all vegas clubs. However, not for Prive. Prive decided there's NO RE-ENTRY. So unless we wanted to scrap the club idea for the night, we were stuck there. We tried to embrace it for a bit. But theres no clear cut dance floor. The area that would in other clubs be the walkway to the bathroom was in Prive the dance floor. And did I mention there's NO RE-ENTRY. We left and had far more fun drinking in our room and gambling with the english deficient Pai Gao dealer. Bottom Line...Stay away from Prive. If you want a good club experience, I highly recommend XS, Tryst, or Pure.
1	There are so many negative aspects of this club that I registered for yelp to hopefully give someone out there a heads up so your night doesn't turn out like ours did. We showed up on a sat. night around 9:30 (it opens at 10:30). We got solicitated by 3 different guys to get bottle service there, and after declining someone who claimed to be the "manager" had us start a line. Half hour later, when the line was a lot larger we found out that this "line" we were at the front of WAS the bottle service line, so we had to choose between bottle service and standing in the general line. When we did get in, our "VIP wristbands" that we got from one of the promoters just got us $10 off the cover (regular $30 for guys, $20 girls).  They refused to give us a Re-Entry stamp even though the place was empty for the first 30-45 mins, so we had to stand there and sip on our $13 vodka/tonics while the place got packed.The layout of the place is absolutely horrible. To get from one side of the place to the other (where the bathroom is) you have no choice but to fight your way through the dance floor. The DJ was very unspectacular  (there was supposed to be a celebrity DJ but she didn't show by the time we said screw it and left around 1). I agree with many of the below reviews that the promoters/bouncers for this place are REALLY SHADY. We got so much conflicting information and lies throughout the night. Finally, the crowd inside was pretty trashy.Bottom line: A badly managed club that has a poor design/layout. I will never go back and please don't waste an evening in vegas by coming here.I'M NOT AT ALL SUPRISED THAT THE MOST COMMON RATING FOR THIS PLACE ON YELP IS A 1 STAR, WHILE A PLACE LIKE XS (which we went to the previous night) HAS MOSTLY 5 STARS.
1	WORST club i've EVER been to in Vegas.1. promoter (CAMERON) is a total douche/liar/moron.2. you'll wait around for like an hour to actually get in, even if you are a hot girl(or a group of 5 hot girls), they charge you $10 for 'bottle service - open bar' and then try to get another $10 from you at the table for the 'waitress' - if i actually saw a waitress, i would have given her money.  there wasn't one.3. The club itself is small and has a strange layout.4. my friend and i were goofing around in the bathroom, i made her laugh really hard, and she sat down on the floor to catch her breath... and about 20 min later some random person asks for her I.D. and usher her out a back door(thank goodness i was there to see what happened) and wouldn't let her back in, claiming she was 'too drunk.'  i went back in, rounded up the girls, and when we tried to leave to meet with our friend, THE BOUNCER AT THE DOOR BLOCKED US AND SAID WE NEEDED TO STAY.  WTF!!?!?  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?  we had to FIGHT with him verbally to be let out...  DEFINITELY a sketchy sketchy place.  Ladies be careful....and read this review.http://blogs.lasvegascitylife.com/cityblog/2009/07/23/notes-from-vegas-clubland-planet-hollywoods-prive-misbehaves-gets-shut-down/
2	I have my favorite clubs in vegas that I always go to but I try to move around to see if anything better will pop up. Prive was not one of them. The club was standard but I found that the repetitive "It's VEGAS!" phrase throughout the music was really annoying. I may have been inebriated, but I felt like it was played every hour. Alright music. Alright decor. Alright club. Nothing much else to say.
1	COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME.DO NOT EVER GO HERE.  WORST CLUB EVER.Our experience was much like Jaclyn's.  Can someone just close this [f*cked up excuse for a] club down already?!1.  Our promoter told us that we needed to show up with a group of 5 girls total for a booth and free bottle service.  When we got there it  was.. *gasp* 7 girls instead!  Wow, what a surprise.  They lied.  So, we hustle and made a few new friends.  2.  Next, we had to pay $10 each.  It's half our cover and was required for utilizing their bottle service.  So, we coughed up $70.3.  We get a bottle of Sky Vodka.  After 30 minutes at our booth, we got the boot.  They SOLD our 'effin table and were moving us to the bar.  Our bottle was still half full.  We had to pour whatever was left into plastic cups as we were shuffled towards the bar.4.  They got us a free round of shots.  After we ordered our Patron shots, Mr. Security Guard #1 came up to us and said we needed to tip $40 or else we need to leave the club.  Tip who?!  Our waitress?  The one who came over once before they kicked us out of the table they promised us?!  F*ck that!5.  Since we refused, he proceeded to escort us out through the entrance and down the escalator.  Too bad Mr. Security Guard #2 yelled at me and told me that I couldn't exit that way.  So in confusion, I turned around.  Mr. Security Guard #1 was behind me and told me to "GET THE F*CK OUT!"No problem, idiot!  I hope this piece of sh*t place gets shut down and you're out on your ass, Mr. Security Guard #1.
1	POWER TRIP!!! Yes, all you hideous looking bouncers, club promoters, and security guards of PRIVE!! The club isn't even all that great! I don't know what the big deal is? Even the guys over at XS (hottest club in LV right now) is extra helpful and friendly about getting people in, that's why they're the hottest club in town and PRIVE is NOT!! I swear if there was a button for ZERO stars, that's what you jack@zz deserve! Never again are we coming here... THIS CLUB SUCKS! Don't go here!
1	WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP CLUB THIS IS!!We were given bracelets to get in for free for Jermaine Dupri's party here. WHY did we actually think this was legit???  My first sign should have been the guy chasing myself and my cousin down the strip begging us to go in and promising us a table and a bottle.  WOW what a lie!  When we got there, the line was very long and the extremely pretentious doorman was not letting ANYONE in!  My cousin finally jumped the line (she has more nerve than me lol) to ask what is the issue and that we had bracelets to get in.  He told us the bracelets were worthless and were not valid for entry.  He said he would let us in if we paid him $10 each and we said well, what about our bottle? He literally LAUGHED at us. I was so annoyed and kind of embarrassed.  I didn't even want to go in.  I don't think I've ever had such an experience at a club before EVER. And I have been to a lot of good ones back in NYC.  We decided for the experience, we would just go and check it out.  Douchebag Central! In fact, it was literally full of FEMALES. There were barely any men and the ones that were in there were..you guessed it..douchebags. See this doesn't surprise me since it was the doorman picking and choosing who was going to be going in or not.  I was in there for about 15 minutes before I was ready to go.  I'd much rather hang out at a nice hotel bar or lounge. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE!
2	I went on industry night, it was kind of beat, and that's supposed to be their big night or whatever.So many clubs in Vegas that I wouldn't make this a destination. Lots of tables which is good, dance floor is pretty big, but the place is maze-like. Drinks are more expensive here than at any club I can recall going to.I guess it's worth hitting up if you've never been, but there are much better options in this city for a night out.
2	Same experience as some of the review below me.  I went there on friday for Halloween weekend and it was a huge waste of time.  Was promised bottle service and had the wristband given by the promoter.  Didnt mean squat we all had to pay to get in, even the girls..... The club got packed to the walls with people.  The first two djs were good, but the main headliner dj for the night used the train horn and police siren every 20 seconds and it was so loud you could see the whole floor cover there ears everytime.  We stuck it out for awhile since we had paid a lot to get in.  Got pushed by a big ass bouncer about 6 times through out the night with him just moving by, which i understand is normal in a packed club but the guy hit my girl in the head with his flashlight and didnt even stop to say sorry.  Just plain rude.  We finally had enough of the train horn and put your hands up breaks every 30 seconds we pushed threw people finally getting to an the front where there was a large green sign saying EXIT.  Bouncer tells us we cant exit through there, i point to the exit sign and he motions for tip WTF.  So all 8 of us had to push threw the crowds again to the other side of the club which took about 15 minutes to exit.Only reason I gave it two stars is because we actually had a good time before it got packed, and i work in the industry so i know how it works and its normal for this type of stuff.  Stay clear of this club if you want a nice night out without lots of BS.  Went to studio 54 the next night and had the time of our lives ;)
2	This place was alright I went here on 10/30/09 and the place was packed. You could hardly move and it seemed to have a bunch of ghetto people. There was a fight in front of me and the ass knocked my drink onto me!! I paid $16 plus tip for an adios...u probably wouldn't go here again...
2	Haha looks like a few yelpers below me were here on the same night..I myself was there as well 10-30-09..If u wana decipher who I was, I was with the dude dressed like Ali G!! Yes my bf dressed up like Ali G and he was like a celebrity in Vegas it was pretty funny..Anyways back to this club or meager excuse for one. I had heard bad things about it through my friend K who had some ghetto experiences there..now we are from the bay and we are used to clubs being ghetto.thats why we go to Vegas to get the whole Vegas club experience..hello! If i wanted to go to some hood ass club I would stay in FriscoAnyway when we got there it was super crowded.you have to wait at the bottom of this escalator thing and then when the bouncers aka slightly balding 20-30 somethings who feel they are the sh** tell u u can go up, u have made it ! u are going to be going up the escalator looking down at the pathetic crowd that you were just apart of.Sianar suckkazzz im in! well its not so great when you get up there.In fact you are better going back down those escalators and hittin up the strip bars or another club!its ghetto, overcrowded,smaaalll , security everywhere yelling at you telling you to move..I might say they did have nice bathrooms..and worst part is i lost my dig cam and my girl lost her wallet =( well i am sure someone swooped it up, couldve even been on of the security! thats how ghetto this place is..its totally not worth it..if u wanna have fun in vegas go to Rain or Tao or XS.. :) This place is not worth it at all..
3	Halloween VEGAS REVIEW - part 3Where are we going?It is funny because I was here last July... went, saw and left the last time I had tried to enter this club. This time around we actually got bottle service and cruised right on up that damned escalator. And this is how the encounter unraveled.We rolled up the crowd that was the line, made a phone call, and promptly got escorted up those mechanical stairs. We were led to the table and bottles and bottles and mixers. The music was bumpin' and our hostess knows how to mix a mean vodka everythang! I LARB YOU, my blond haired mixtress you... you were blond right? Grant it that it wasn't the best table but it was a table with a view. A view of all the beautiful... erm, female revelers in all their glory or lack their of. Hell, we know some of them... the 'Queen of Hearts' and 'Snow White' to name a few...  and then the Socal ladies rolled up with their lovely smiles and legs for days... we know them too. Gotta love the SBC! ;D
3	I'll be truthful and say first off that this is not a full on review of the club, simply because I didn't take the time to take it all in. More on that later though. Crowd control is something that this place lacks. And when I speak of that, I mean waiting in line to get in. There basically is no line. All of the bouncers are directing people every which way to the point that they somehow merge into each other to get to the front. With any luck/sweet talking/getting their attention because you supposedly know them (from a lady's point of view of course), you just might get in without waiting for a good hour or so. Extreme emphasis on the word "might" here. It's either that or if you get bottle service. Two girls ahead of us included me and my friends with them, making a total of 6. After an hour long wait and a few VIP (right) bracelets later, we finally headed up the escalator. The venue is pretty small, and was a bit crowded. Not so much that it was body to body, thank goodness. Just a few minutes into arriving, my group and I spotted none other than Jermaine Dupri in the DJ booth. Definitely had to whip out the camera and take a few pics. He was rockin' the crowd that night (+1 star). The inside of the club was nice and the go go dancers were easy on the eyes. What else would you expect from an LV club? Besides that, all the other moments from my night here were a bit of a blur. I do remember meeting and taking pictures with a few random guys and running into one other person I knew aside from my group. And then there was raiding some guys' table with one of the girls long enough to make myself a drink and grab a bottle of water before narrowly escaping getting kicked out by one of them. I ended up leaving early with someone I befriended that night. That decision caused me to miss some crazy moments that I could have documented here. I'm kicking myself right now for doing that. I'm in dire need of a redo, just not here.
1	Absolutely horrible. Basically everyone's review with the low rating are all true. The promoters for this club are plain liars. They lie  and say that the cover charge will be free with the VIP wristband. But when you get there, they will charge you. The day when my friends and I went, Lil John was there. For that reason, they charged us $20 for the cover. Also they do not take credit card for the cover charge.The place is tiny and overcrowded. Dance floor is like a mosh pit where you have to literally squeeze between people to maneuver around. What's worse is that exit is on the other side of the dance floor. So to get out of the club, you have to go through the dance floor.
3	The line situation was crazy.  Unfortunately for about a dozen people or so, a girl happened to drunk way to much and threw up a cornucopia of goodies.  Ceviche anyone?Luckily for me, I had VIP so that meant only a 10 minute wait in line as opposed to 30 minutes.  The escalator ride up is a great photo op for those that are into that sort of thing.The club itself is on the smallish side.  But VIP sections are located throughout.  We sat next to Lil' Jon, who had one of the largest bodyguards I've ever seen.  The guy was a walking bungalow.  I had a great time.  Business was conducted freely and several transactions took place.  It was fun.  I would go again, but through VIP only.  The general admission is bananas!Yeeee--aaaaahhhhh....
3	I hate making line to getting into this place. One of the guys at the door told me that it depends on the bouncer if you get in. lol. I thought that that was hilarious. I did make it in. They try to sound exclusive but I guess anyone that waits and pays gets in. Drinks are normal club price. I only go to Prive when they have good djs. Steve Aoki was at Prive on Friday and I could not miss it in the world. I had a great experience. I did not wait in line to get a drink. The bartenders were on it. I had a great time. Good music. Great dancing. But again, this place is not my favorite club in Vegas. I will only go if mainstream djs come by. Check it out for yourself.
3	Prive had massive potential when I walked in.  However the layout os decieving and the VIP section isn't very VIP by Vegas club standards.  Drinks (from what I remember) weren't astronomical but they weren't cheap by Vegas standards either.  I'd go back to prive but i wouldn't pay a cover charge.
1	Unorganized mess. Only stayed for 30 minutes.Note: If you plan on clubbing during a fight weekend, especially if it's a Pacquiao fight, don't bother. Too many people in the city trying to get into clubs.Anyway, we planned on going here because it was a Team Pacquiao party. What drew us in was it was $15 (low for Vegas standards) and express entry into the club. When we got there, it was just a crowd of people at the base of the escalator. There was no organization at all. We just fought our way up to front to get in the club. They slowly let people in the club to give you the illusion it's hella packed in there. When we got there, it was empty as hell. The interior of the club was aiiite. Whatevs. Drinks were expensive, but the liquor was top shelf. How was the vibe? Well, considering the promoters of the party were from the Bay Area, it was a Downtown San Jose club. Whack.We exited the club to get some air. Loren John B. tried to get back in, but they weren't stamping any hands. So they were trying to get as many people and money into the club.
3	The line is beyond insane! The staff was completely rude picking and choosing people who could go in. There were a few girls who they felt weren't "pretty" enough and they embarrassed them and made them leave the line. I was fortunate where I had a friend that "hooked me up" and I didn't have to wait, but there was no need for anyone to be ostracized like that.After entering up the escalator the club itself is a pretty good size, but VERY boring. It's one big square room with VIP booths lining the sides. Everything is painted black and the only light is coming from the bar or some from up top. This is supposed to be Vegas...no themes, no jaw dropping moments or dancers...nothing.The clientele was lacking as well. It's very hood/ghetto, but what made me still give this place a 3 star is the music. Mostly hip hop, but mixed in with some classic rock and a bit of house. My friends and I danced for 6 hours and couldn't stop the music was so entertaining from one song to the next. Kudos to the DJ!
3	went here on a thursday night. there was no line. and the cover was $20 for girls. WHAT THE HELL RIGHT? we met someone from 97.5, SINCERE we love you!, and he got us in free.i was excited to see what all the hype was about! it was pretty empty. there was like 30-40 people. the dance floor wasnt that big and they were playing latin/salsa music.ive been exposed to this music before so i had a good time dancing. its fun to try different things. some of my friends weren't really use to this kind of music so they didnt have as much fun.met a nice gentleman from new orleans so the guys there that night weren't too creepy. and they treat you super nice in the VIP section!
1	They are open....again.... I stand by my it's only good when JD is there recommendation.
1	If you are not a slut or a dude with money - dont even bother going to Prive. Having lived in Vegas for two years in 2001, I was shocked and offended by the RUDE guys in the front. It was almost like they wanted us to "put out" to let us in. And when we asked how much, the main bouncer (who was a wanna-be Mr. T - keep trying buddy) said " like $20 or 30".  I go to Vegas once a month to have fun and spend a lot of money. I'll take my bottle service somewhere else. Planet Hollywood should be ashamed of having this club in thier hotel.
1	and almost three months AFTER my unfortunate visit to Prive, Cameron, the promotor texts me 'if you're ever in vegas again, let me know if i can hook you up!"  oh and he's already working for a different club called OUT now??  bleeeeh.
2	Went here on a weeknight with a friend who was staying nearby, we didn't want to wander too far from her hotel.Cover was 20 for females (ugly females? I wasn't aware of any place that makes women pay a cover) 40 for guys, and free for locals, i.e. me. Drinks were insanely expensive. Higher than the Vegas usual, and I don't get why. We just just got stamped and used the 2 for 1 drink coupons at hawaiian tropic downstairs.Music was cool and danceable, house started playing around 3.My favorite spot in this place is where the circle benches are in front of the (extremely hard to find) bathrooms: lap dances! Or that's what happened when I was there anyway...
1	The worst club Ive ever been to.Awful service horrible security.Not worth ever going.Security make up the rules as they'd like.Small venue no dance floor unless you call the the walkway towards the bathroom a dance floor (which prive does).One of the stupid rules they have are no men can sit which is stupid to begin with since they randomly pick when to apply it,STAY AWAY.Play the slots its better  then going to PRIVE and giving them your money.
1	Ok, here's the deal. Those wristbands they hand out get you into the wristband line. Nothing more. The admission is standard fare but that's not the issue. I paid $48, yes, that's $48 friggin dollars for a TINY kamikaze and 2 red bull vodkas. Granted, they used good booze, but not near 48 dollars good. The club was fun but the DJ needed some improvement. It was a Monday but come on, give the people some good music, not auditory sodomy. And good luck finding the exit. They filter you out the back past the restrooms. All in all, not going back.
1	next time i check yelp before i go to a club =P this place is ghetto! and who charges ladies to get in? we came for the 3D party and it was not that great. 3D was kind of lame. music is so so. people are eh. 3 of us got drinks spilled on us. drinks are expensive too. $6 for a mini bottle of evian? at least make it an $8 bottle of voss. o yea, can i say the place is really small and where is the dance floor exactly? thankfully, my coworkers are awesome and we had a fabulous time nonetheless.
1	I'm glad Yelp agrees that this place is terrible!  I have never had a worse clubbing experience than this.  And I come from Vancouver--clubs here in general are ridiculous but that's not what my review is about. The club promoters had given us wrist bands that are supposed to get ladies in to the front of the line, no wait, before midnight and open bar for $10 cover.  Okay, $10,  not so bad.  But we waited in line for about 30-45 minutes!! And then we get to the bar and wait another HOUR and FIFTEEN minutes! And by the time the bartender gets to us, it's past midnight and the free drinks promotion is over. So we pay $12 for a watery drink, try to dance a bit but keep getting hit by other people who can't control their limbs. And finally we decided to leave after 20 mins on the dance floor.  Terrible, terrible club. WTF? Ridiculous!
2	I'm a bit confused about this place- I had fun in the early hours of the night, but as the hours passed the creeps came out and the music would'nt change from house.  People were having a blast though.  I'm glad we didn't pay to get in.
2	This was the first club I've been to in Vegas, so I have nothing to compare it to. A guy gave us bracelets on the street so we thought we try it out thinking it would be free. We waited in line about 20 minutes at 10:30pm on a Saturday night. We get up there to discover that we had to pay $10 instead of $20. I guess this is common for all of the clubs. So we paid the $10. We ordered $10 mixed drinks that were extremely watered down. I wanted to drink water in between drinks and asked for a glass at the bar. This has never been a problem at any club/bar I've ever been too, but the guy insisted I pay $6 for a tiny water bottle. Ok I get it, those are your rules. It doesn't mean I have to like them.  We quickly discover that we cannot sit anywhere in the club. I guess this is also common knowledge at Vegas clubs, but since we didn't know it was a big shock to be told you have to pay a small fortune to sit at a table. We did find a ledge to sit on so that was better than nothing. This club redeemed itself by playing awesome music. At that point I didn't care about everything I just complained about above. The club was packed and the dance floor got crowded, but it wasn't so bad because we had some personal space dancing. They played a lot of old school songs (like from Jock Jams awhile back) and newer remixed songs. I probably wouldn't come back here, but at least I have an idea of what to expect at other Vegas clubs.
3	Nothing like partying at a club when The Mario Lopez is hosting a party there.  Yes, we partied with the star of the sexy cops on bicycles patroling Santa Monica's beach district hit show  "Pacific Blue."When he actually made his appearance the shrill volume of screams generated from panties dropping to the floor drowned out the music.Since my friend Andrea has all the great hook ups the eight of us got in without waiting in line, sat in the VIP section at a table and comped bottles of vodka.  Because of that my review is a bit skewed.  When you're roped off from the plebes and have your own muscle who escorts you to the restroom, waits then escorts you back it's a bit of a defining moment.We had a waiter who kept coming to our table and making sure our glasses were always filled and boy did he have a heavy pouring hand.  Let's just say that the next morning we four guys were still drunk when we met for breakfast around 10:00 AM.
1	Don't waste your time (or money)  Drinks are seriously nasty.  The juice in my vodka/cranberry tasted like tampico.  Nobody wanted to dance until our group (12 girls) got up there.   When we left, half the dance floor was empty.  We stayed for about an hour...enough time to get one nasty drink in and a few songs.  My recommendation: Go to Tryst in the Wynn!!!
1	Big dance floor.Have to buy bottle service for no reason... this place is filled with dudes... they got Armenians outside trying to hustle you to buy a bottle but yet there are only dudes inside... how terrible  =/
1	OMD...Oh Mon Dieu.The worst club in one of the newest hotel, Planet Hollywood.The place was all right, the bouncers were just typical crooks. We got in front of the line because we looked Hot, that is what they said and the bouncer let us go and took $20 under the table. They do that 50 times and they make a pretty good living...Whatever we got lucky there.The DJ was just plain awful. played songs fore 3mn and would change to a different beat and people would just stop on the dance floor.Bad bad place.
2	2nd club of the night, thank god 2nd, I was nice and drunk by the time I got here. The venue is blah, nothing exciting. The place had alot of umm how can I put it, ghetto people. Nasty guys hitting on us, no bueno! What was nice- We got free bottle service in the VIP area, sweet! Thanks for that Prive, very nice.
5	After going twice Prive would be my second favorite just because even though you don't have a table.. you can still do whatever you want to do. LOL.. and because of the fact that it is so big with high ceilings.
1	this club sucked last night. no dance area but fitting because DJ was weak. overpriced cover and drinks.
5	I'm actually surprised that so many people do not like this club.  Being a guy, I definately have to spill tons of cash.  Of course the smart way would be to get bottle service.  I've been going here the past 1 1/2 years and everytime I get a table I get treated like a king.  We get roped off and have security guards escort us whereever we need to go.  The host I use to reserve bottle service for, Jeff K, just recenly left so I know depend on my main man Chris Lane, to take care of me.  OOnce me and my party got ahead of the line and up the escalator to be escorted to our table... Mr. Lane introduces me and my party to the staff securing the area.  All staff are mad cool including the gorgeous waitress.  They even light my cigerette once they see it in my mouth (i guess it's the little things i like).  I've been to plenty of clubs through general admission and had an okay time due to the large crowds and constant "excuse me's".  but camman folks, it's LAS VEGAS!  Go big or go home.  If you got the money to do bottle service, I definately suggest Prive.  Keep in mind you gotta grease your host as well but trust me, it will all be worth it.  If you are on a budget, you shouldn't be going to Las Vegas in the first place.  I also like Prive a lot because they take it easy with all the trance and techno music (i hate techno music which is a majority of wut clubs like XS play).
4	Okay so I have only been to a few of the night clubs in Las Vegas. This is the first time we bought VIP tables for one of my fiance's friends birthdays. The waiters and waitresses were pretty on it when we got there. Made sure each of us had a drink in our hands. Skyy Vodka bottles everywhere with the option of tonic water, OJ, or cranberry juice. (The thought of Vodka and cran still makes me want to hurl). They were around to refill all of our drinks until we finished it all. About 5 trips to the restroom (one where I almost walked into the men's bathroom), a cuban cigar (one which I accidentally smoked backwards, yes, backwards), and everyone around me turned belligerent. What an awesome night! One of the go-gos was one of my classmates from high school which was funny. Service was good and they kept people out of our "section". The club music was good since someone said Fat Joe performed but I didn't remember that.  Overall good experience! Except for the next day when I work up in the morning fully clothed, thought I was missing my Fendi purse, and laying next tooo...ahhh my fiance! phew! Haha.
1	This place sucksssss. We got roped into it with a guy on the strip giving out wristbands which are essentially worthless. They actually cut them off at the door and we still paid $20 per person to get in. Once we got our drinks we decided to walk around and check out the place, only to find out there is nowhere to walk around. It was like the size of my apartment. Mirrors on the sides make it look bigger than it is and the DJ wasn't great. Left after an hour :(
1	BOTTLE SERVICEhell if we are going to do this.. we are gonna do it right!!1 weekend in vegas, 2 nights2 clubsbottle service at bothstarted off here.. and never coming back again!!!i am from l.a.and in los angeles we have this little anoying radio station called KIIS FMthey specialize in playing the one song that is popular right now... over and over and over and over and (well you get the point)i never heard of a club doing that more than twice!!so its march 2010 i guess that song is blackeyepeas not sure what the song is but something about being a "having a feeling about a good good night" IT WAS PLAYED 5 TIMES!!now me being a guy i would like the sight of hot girls all over each other and showing the most skin, but these girls here thought it was some sort of pegeant! and selling themselves to the highest bidder!luckily we had a table... but we still kept these girls away!the guys.... well not to be a stereotypical prick but i bet their favorite movies are scarface and the love the Dodgers. probably have 'LA' somewhree tattooed.too over pricedmusic was annoyingcrowd was genericbouncers were dicksi think i'll just keep clear of planet hollywood
4	I'll be up front about this review.  I would've only given this place 3 stars, but we got hooked up pretty fat so I'm giving it 4 (to include the overall experience). Going to Vegas with just your girlfriends makes life so much easier in Vegas (don't get the wrong picture, no slutty-ness involved!)  One of my girls had a hook up and they really took care of us. No wait, no cover, free bottle service (but we did tip them out)=a dunken good time!  We did have to wait a little bit for the bottle serivce so we bought a couple of rounds first (yes it was on the pricey side).  The venue was big, had a small room for  house/trance music and the main room (pretty large at that) for hiphop, top 40s (thank goodness).  They even served free cotton candy! I don't know if they do that regularly but I thought that was pretty cool.  Everyone has their different tastes in crowds, but the crowd that night was really good--good vibe, good energy (happy drunks vs. a$$hole drunk types), a good mix of ethnicities (I love diversity!)  It was definitely a great overall experience. My friends and I had so much fun. So I definitely recommend this place (but best if you got that lovely hook up!)
1	I wish I could give this place less than 1 star...wtf...I will never come here again. I stayed at the PH hotel with friends, we were given wrist bands on two different occasions and told that we wouldn't have to wait in line to get in, have to pay a cover, AND that we would have drinks for FREE all night...b/c ladies drink free! As my friends and I entered, our wrist bands were cut off, we were charged $20 for entrance and all you can drink-drinks. We were rudely handed cheap, plastic pink cups and sent on our merry way. The club was packed and the bar was a zoo. My friends and I only saw two bartenders as half the club swarmed the bar....probably to make the most of their all you can drink-drinky-drinks. Anyhow, we were ignored for 45 min by the bartender, who passed us often as he catered to the "paying" customers. We complained and were sent back to get in line like scavengers holding out our cups...waited 15 more min...complained...and were rudely told that there wasn't anything they could do, as we were told to just "try" to get a drink. HELL! I cant believe we spent $20 to stand for 60 min like scavengers, not get a drink, not dance,  and deal with some rude, unprofessional workers at a club that wasn't anywhere near ALL THAT! I'm done with Prive and PH altogether!
1	Horrible. I mean how could it have gotten any worst. I wouldn't let the imbicile on the turntable dj a barmitzvah much less a Vegas nightclub. Besides the music being such a disaster the clientele was beyond ghetto fabulous. Granted ths has more to do with the promotion than anything else but a $30 cover you think would discourage the trash that was pouring in. Not the case here. The tweeked out bartenders of which there wrere a few poured half shots into mixed drinks and charged $11 a pop. $75 into the mess I'm still trying to figure out how the dj thinks Justin timberlands song cry me a river mixes well with madonnas into the groove and ends with rihannas please don't stop the music. Moron. I'm leaving and hoping for a refund. Yeah right. People are still plowing in and all I can think is the few European tourist in there must be in utter awe of the sheer stupidity of the entire scene. Avoid this place. It will screw with the success of your vacation.
1	Negative 10 stars! This place was unbelievably trashy!!! 1) People walking/ danicing around barefoot. WTF?! 2) Asian male bartender who thought he was cool as shit, he was anything but3) Drinks were pretty f'ing gross. 4) Complete waste of time and money.
4	first of all, dont bother coming here if you dont have bottle service, a swoll bank roll, or are 1) a hot ass chick or 2) a famous person.that being said, ive been here twice.  the first time i came here, i came late.  i took a late flight into vegas and my friends were already inside.  took me forever to get in, even tho my friends had a table.  anyways, as i was waiting for our host to bring us inside, i accidentally stepped on this dudes shoes while he was sitting down outside the entrance. apparently he was some NBA player that played for the magic, i duno.  but ya he basically said, 'these shoes cost more than you life' (lol jk but that woulda been funny.. &sad).anyway, the second time i came here went a lot smoother.  got there early and our hostess really hooked us up with a prime location for our table.  i mean, it was THE BEST.  right next to the bar, by the bathroom, right next to the dancefloor, in a lil private table bay.  just perfect.the sound system is one of the best i've ever heard, so is the lighting.  DJ's were spinnin dope ass shht.  lets just say it was one of the best nights ever!
4	I went the night of the movie release Clash of the Titans which i still don't have a clue about, so it was crackin. I'm not sure about other nights. The best sound system I've heard and it was really fun. Music was good and again I got the connect so I got in for free as well as free drinks.
2	LAAAAME.We arrived late Friday night and weren't planning on hitting up any clubs.  I was wearing a sundress and flip flops.  As we strolled down the strip, a promoter gave the 6 of us girls wristbands for free entry to Prive.  We decided to check it out.Got in line.  Bouncer wouldn't let us in due to my flip flops (sorry girls) and then he seemed iffy and checked our wristbands to see who the promoter was. When he saw the number underneath, he said no.  Wow.... shady business!  So I ran back to the room and changed.At the door they tried to charge girls $40 each.  We refused.  So they said $10 each.  Uhhhh..... what was the point of the wristbands?  So we left.  On the way out, the guy stamped our wrists and we turned around and got in for free.  Idiots.So there's the secret.... go upstairs and if they make you pay, go back downstairs and get a stamp from the bouncer as if you're just leaving for in/out privileges.  Now go take advantage of them, because they tried to take advantage of us!  Jerks!!But the club wasn't even worth all that trouble.  Small and ehhhhh and too pretentious.  So maybe save your money and go elsewhere!
3	I've been to Prive more times than I can count.  It's totally hit or miss.  I've had some amazing, crazy, good times but I've also had times where I left seriously pissed off.  Therefore, it's just getting 3 stars from me.  The club is really nice.  I like the lay-out and the glitzy, glam decor.  It's not packed to the point where you can't barely walk.  The music is hip hop, top-40, and classic rock.  There are go-go dancers, a contortionist, a Michael Jackson impersonator that takes the stage, and sometimes guys on stilts walking around.  I like the smaller side room off to the left that plays all hip hop and some dancehall.  Every single time I've been at Prive, I've seen celebrities and/or athletes.  I've done bottle service here a handful of times.  They don't do a great job of blowing you away but it's not that bad either.  I've had comp'ed bottles at other places where I wasn't even spending a dime, and got treated better.  The doormen, waitresses, security, and bartenders are all stuck up.  I'm the type of person that smiles and makes eye-contact.  It's just a friendly gesture.  No one that works here smiles.  Even my friend who works in the industry says that everyone that works at Prive is pissed off.  The line getting in this place is ridiculous.  There isn't a line, just a mashed crowd of people surrounding the velvet ropes.  I'm so glad I use a hook up to go here, otherwise I wouldn't deal with this craziness.
1	if i could give negative stars, i definitely would....we were staying in planet hollywood so wanted to go to a club in the hotel. walked down the street where we met up with a club promoter offering all types of wristbands and discounts for every club BUT prive. when we asked if had something for prive he said, "wow...no one asks for prive anymore." we quickly found out why....a friend got wristbands inside planet hollywood from a girl working for the club. she said we get in free before 11. we were dressed in club attire and had our wrist bands ready to go in. but were DENIED by this outdated Mr. T looking guy. TOTAL asshole! we were looking at the others he let in and they were total guido douches that i didn't want to be surrounded by anyway. there are a lot more classier clubs you can get into with no problem. it's a shame that planet hollywood would allow such a trashy club to be associated with them.
3	Well, this is definitely not the biggest or the BEST club in Vegas, but I don't think it's as bad as these reviews make it out to be. We decided to go to Prive last Monday night since we were staying at Planet Hollywood anyways. Also, a promoter outside the hotel informed us that they were having a Michael Jackson tribute that night, and who doesn't love a little MJ? But I will get back to those promoters in a minute... We had put ourselves on the guest list, and as soon as we went and asked a bouncer, we got in almost instantly.  We had a really good time that night - The Michael Jackson impersonator was actually very good! Sang, danced & he even looked a lot like him! He performed several sets in between the regular music, and it was highly entertaining. Good job Prive! There was also some random guy there dressed like Mr. T and I just had to get a picture with this man! hahaha With that being said, the crowd here admittedly, was a little more ghetto than your major clubs such as XS, Tao or Tryst. They definitely play way more hip hop here than anything else, but that's OK with me - Fun to dance to & sing along with. They even played the Vegas version of "I'm in Miami Bitch," by replacing the word 'Miami' with 'Las Vegas.' The whole crowd sings along.. It's a great time :)But be forewarned about the so-called "club promoters" outside. On this last trip to Vegas, we stayed at the Planet Hollywood hotel for a full 7 nights. There was not one day where we were not approached and given "VIP access" wrist bands. EVERY SINGLE DAY. And they were giving them to everyone. So how VIP is that, really? I mean, I know all clubs hand out passes and whatnot, but every day the promoter & the story would change. Sometimes, they told us that these bracelets let us skip the line. Other times, it was free cover, or free drinks for ladies.... Every single thing you can think of came out of their mouths, and none of it was true. The wrist band will get you a whole lot of nothing - Just do yourself a favor and get on guest list. That will at least get you in with no wait and way reduces your cover charges. I'm glad we did.However, I was disappointed by one thing - I had read in several places that Prive holds a weekly event on Mondays called "Money for Nothing" Mondays, in which they drop $5,000 cash onto the dance floor. This definitely did not happen - and we stayed til almost close. Maybe it was because they had the special event with the Michael Jackson impersonator there that night, and so it wasn't their normal industry night, but that was one of the main reasons we thought this would be a fun club to go to. Allthough, I did recently read that they are going bankrupt and may close soon, so that may also be another reason they didn't do it. I'm not sure. But in either case, I was a little let down. Also, if you like watching eye candy, jaw-dropping hot go go dancers, Prive is not the club for you. There were absolutely no real dancers! Girls were allowed to get up and dance in the spots where the dancers SHOULD have been, but let's be honest - Your average girl at Prive is not the same as a professional go go dancer. Overall, we had a really good time that night, but I just don't think we'll be going back. I'd rather spend my time at Tao or Tryst.
1	Finally this place is closed down. I was really tired of my friends dragging me to this "cool" club. It's not cool. It's not VEGAS. It reminds me of a club in TJ, but TJ is much cooler.
4	Mind you it had already been quite a pretty good night, but the place used to be pretty good back when it first opened but that's Vegas for you. Pricy drinks obviously but it was the vibe and the pulsating music and the girls in leopard print tights contorting in ways I did not know a woman could bend, that probably got to my weak senses. T-Pain sitting across the table from us, top-hat and all, but alas in end this place would be but a memory to Las Vegas locals. RIP Prive
1	Mobs of people trying to find the line and the bouncers or door men 'picking' who gets in the club. Just wasn't worth it refused to wait an hour after being told that the 'wristbands' would secure me something. Yeah,a headache. No thanks!
