3	A bare bones campground in a bare bones environment.  You're in the desert, people, and despite what the business men of Las Vegas or Palm Springs would have you believe, humans aren't exactly adapted to live out here.  So, for $10 a car per night, you get the basics, and that's all.- Drive in or walk in sites- Vault toilets- Potable waterSince it's the open desert, you're not exactly tucked in away from the neighbors, but rather clustered together, sorta like a very miniature and far less creative burning man camp.  Be prepared for some chilly nights if it's not summertime, exacerbated by 50-60 mile an hour night-time winds.This is a popular camping spot for people visiting Red Rock Canyon - especially among the climbing and hiking sets.  Pretty friendly and mellow lot when I was there.  Those in desperate need of a shower must drive down Charleston a ways to pay for showers at the climbing gym.So, as long as you're not expecting rolling soft grass, steamy showers, and a martini shack, this place will do just fine.  Afterall, you are supposed to be roughing it, right?
4	great place to take the kids. wonderful place to hike
4	Every time I come here the campgrounds seem to have more amenities. There are more covered awnings over the picnic tables(although there are many sites that  are  still uncovered) and now there are little wooden benches around the fire pits of each campsite.The pit toilet restrooms have solar panels on top so they power bright white lights inside that help you see in the dark night. Pretty fancy stuff for a bare boneseque campground. You should check out the camp host's solar set up. Impressive!There is running water outside the bathrooms to fill up if you run low and your phone will get cell reception in certain areas. At night you can see the Luxor's beam of light shooting high up in the Vegas sky from the campgrounds which is kind of a comforting in a strange way. Nice to know that if you want to party with the people it's a short drive away.The close proximity of the fancy schmancy Albertsons which offers decent pre-made sushi and a large selection of craft beers makes campground meals pretty posh when you can easily make a run for steaks or salmon to grill up for dinner.$15 a night. 2 cars per campsite and as many tents as you can fit into your tiny little plot. As this campground tends to cater to climbers you will often see up to 5 tents crammed into one site. People from all over the world come here to camp and climb. Ive met many people from  New Zealand,Japan, Germany, Switzerland, France and Canada. During shoulder season the campgrounds seem to be completely taken over by Banff Canadians. Good thing Canadians are friendly as we've asked to share a site of some strangers but now friends because the campgrounds were full.  They let us squeeze one more tent on their site.
