1	I brought my child and husband with me, my daughter cried for about 15 seconds and someone was up there telling me we need to keep it down or leave. SO, we left. My !husband sat out in the car and waited. I was told that people need peace and quiet while they get their hair done. It's not a massage parlor and the music is so loud it sounds like a club. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND GO THERE, I NEVER WILL AGAIN!
5	My hair looks amazing! I love my new color and cut. I can't believe I got my hair done at South Park for the amazing price. My stylist Justin did a great job. My friend was with Cassandra and she did amazing as well. The new location is pretty and clean inside. I'm definitely coming back.
4	I visited the new location of Cutting Image in South Park, last week for a blow out and loved both the salon itself & my hair!I went in for a simple blow out to get smooth, straight hair as my hair is naturally curly. My appointment with Justin was wonderful. He shampooed my hair, gave me a deep conditioning treatment and blew out my hair perfectly all along with some easy, friendly conversation. The salons atmosphere is pretty awesome - fun & funky graffiti + inspiring quotes/music lyrics on the walls both upstairs & down. I highly recommend this service for a night out or if your looking to get a blow out to last a couple days.
5	I highly recommend Cutting Image!  I've been with Beth for many many years and my haircuts and highlights have always been spot on.  I really like the new salon!  It's not stuffy like many places in SouthPark can be.  It has great background music, design, and friendly staff!  I'm sure any stylist you get will do ya right-- but Beth will always be my girl!PS- to address the kid crying comment--- I'm actually VERY thankful that the staff kindly addressed the situation.  I work over 60 hours a week and having a nice experience getting my hair washed, head massaged, etc is one of the few things I'm able to look forward to!  The last thing I want to do is have to stare at the mother while doing that fake smile thinking to myself... "OMG!  Take your kid to the bathroom or step outside!"  Thank You Cutting Image!Justin
5	I love this hair salon!! All the staff is wonderful but I particularly love Wesley!! His cuts and styles are amazing! The location is also great! Can't wait to book my next appointment!
5	I went to Cutting Image for the first time and really liked everything about it.  As someone else mentioned, it is not stuffy, and the atmosphere was really great.  I had my hair cut, colored and styled by Shane and was really pleased.  The color was just what I wanted and I have received several compliments on the cut and color.  Shane was very professional, funny and I would highly recommend her.
5	I was referred to Shane at Cutting Image Salon by a friend, and I am indebted to my friend for the referral. I have been to many stylist around Charlotte looking for a good fit, and Shane is amongst the top stylists in Charlotte. I was just looking to have my roots done and a trim. Shane gave me a fresh new look! She knew exactly what color and cut I should have to best accent my complexion and features. My confidence has been rebooted, and I feel like a whole new me. She was incredibly friendly, and we had a great time! I will definitely be back, and I highly recommend her.
