4	This is a little family owned joint that is across the street from Spring Valley Hospital, in a neighborhood I lived in for a little while...but even though I moved, I go there for takeout sometimes. It's cute how the real Chinese restaurants feel the pressure to model themselves after Panda Express, with the steamtables, 2-item or 3 item with rice or chow mein type thing, and the uniforms complete with baseball caps...well, it's sad, in a way, but cute. I ignore all that crap and just order to-go as if they were just a little family Chinese restaurant, which of course they are. Good food, nice people, good prices....the father cooks, the daughter, who speaks the best English, works the register, and I am pretty sure I saw Mom sweeping up once. It's worth supporting that kind of thing, or all we'll have is McEverything.
2	mm.. it's okay here!? just moving from one state to another and getting situated at home calls for a lot of take-out, so i figured... now's the time to really see what's up with these places that are generally new to the area too... (sort of.)so, i say....their are better places for chinese take-out.
5	me & bf decided to try this place one day even though not many chinese places impresses me most of the time...but we both agreed, their food is actually really good. it tastes fresh. their wonton soup is amazing and surprisingly they're very generous w/ putting shrimp and wontons in it. their mongolian beef was also delicious. overall, i recommend you to try it. it's a mom and pop kind of place and you dont get to see those places as much anymore. it's very affordable too!
5	My girlfriend and I were in Vegas and I took her here for dinner.  I was extremely happy with the service and the food. The workers were all incredibly nice and helpful. There were no steam trays here. The food came quickly and it was delicious. The value was great too. I will say the only thing disappointing about this restaurant is that it's not near me in California. If it was I would probably be here everyday! Another good thing is that it is only about 5-10 minutes off the strip. Make sure you try this place out!
3	Food was decent. House chowmein was good but maybe a little oily. We both had the Mongolian beef which was decent as well. More of a 3.5 stars than just a 3.
1	The positive reviews baffle me to be honest. I gave the place every chance in the world to impress me with something, anything, yet nothing was up to standard. About the only nice thing I can say is that the people working there are very friendly. Let's get right into the food.We ordered two types of beef, chicken, shrimp and appetizers. Prices are typical for Chinese, as in not very low. Drinks tasted of rubber tubing and tap water, which is about what I expect these days. Right off, the first caution sign is the large menu. These types of restaurants often have a lot of options, but for a place of this size, it feels excessive. I don't see how they can possibly have that amount of fresh food on hand and be able to turn it over fast enough to keep the stock from aging. When the appetizers arrived, I could tell right away that they were cooked from frozen, which made me wonder just how much stock was in the freezer back there.Little did I know that was going to be the highlight of the meal. The main entrees appeared smaller than usual, and not very... appetizing. Being good sports, we dug in and learned just what we were dealing with: super cheap meats. One of the beef entrees was the toughest, chewiest, grisliest nasty cuts I've ever experienced. Not fork, nor knife, nor sharpest tooth could properly wear this stuff down. It shouldn't take minutes to cut meat off the bone and then another ten just to chew it down into a manageable enough wad that it can be swallowed whole. I don't exaggerate when I say I've had old beef jerky that was easier to eat. I'm willing to bet steel-toed boots are softer on the jaw.The other beef, the chewable softer one, had none of the flavor you look for in a cow. Rarely can I not identify what I'm eating, but this one felt way too much like a mystery to me. I'm not implying it wasn't beef, but it most definitely wasn't quality. The person at my table eating this plate felt quite sick afterward. Not exactly a quality I prize in an eatery.Then there's the chicken, the most accessible of the bunch. Yet even that was exclusively dark meat of not the greatest sort. Despite it looking off and tasting below-par, compared to the beef it was the prettiest girl at this dance. As for the shrimp, it's great if you like the digestive tract completely intact. Mmm, crustacean poop.Eating here stuck with me the rest of the day, in the form of vicious stomach cramps and a foul taste in my mouth that nothing seemed to clean away. I'm sure there must be something they do well, but we managed to completely avoid it.
3	Good Chinese take out...never been disappointed here. The food is always good, service is friendly, and delivery is extremely prompt.
4	This is the 2nd set of new owners that I am aware of. And to me by far the best. The egg rolls are the closest I have had to a NY egg roll, since moving here 18 years ago. I also had the pepper steak which was very tasty. Good sauce on it and the crispy fried chicken wings were crispy I just wish they had a touch of salt and pepper. All in all I was impressed and will head back. If for nothing else the egg rolls.
3	Went in here because I was craving asian food, and the sign clearly advertised "pan-asian" cuisine. I don't see what's so "pan-asian" about the place-- seems like your ordinary Chinese restaurant to me. I needed some lunch so i decided to give it a shot, so what the hey?The management seems nice enough. Clearly it is owned/managed by actual chinese people so i suppose that ought to be somewhat reassuring when seeking out any sort of ethnic cuisine. The lunch special was well priced at 6 bucks, and included an egg roll.The egg roll was your average spring roll. Probably would have been nice if it had been served with some sweet and sour sauce but I was too lazy to ask for some.I ordered the szechuan chicken, an item that you don't always see at your typical chinese fast food restuarants. It was decent-- fair amount of sliced chicken served with sliced onion, bell pepper, carrots, ginger and glazed in a dark sauce. It was quite salty and did not require additional soy sauce ( i imagine that was already added) and the spiciness seemed to come from some sort of pepper oil. It was spicy enough to satisfy my palate-- I didn't feel the need to ask for additional hot sauce. I was satisfactorily filled and thanked them for a pleasant meal.The verdict: Nothing special to say here, this is your run of the mill sit down chinese restaurant. The food quality is good enough to earn your business, but I don't think it's worth going out of your way for. You could probably find tastier food at a PF changs to be honest but these guys aren't a bad deal if you find yourself in the spring valley area.
2	Oh Good God. NO!I stopped by here the other day for lunch because I had to do my weekly run for lunch for our pricing meeting. I wasn't in the mood for what I was getting for everyone else so I thought Chinese, as long as they have a lunch special - why not?So tried I did. And never again.You walk in and they are helpful and friendly. The place is big and clean.Of course it's your typical standard "Chinese fare". Their menu was big and many, many choices. I had to spend at least ten dollars so I could use my debit card so I ordered the pot stickers (which cost the same as my lunch special, go figure.) and chicken in garlic sauce with fried rice. Okay, truth be told I am never satisfied with fried rice from a Chinese place because I know how to make good fried rice but most fried rice from any Chinese spot is always bland and under seasoned so I don't have much gripes when it comes to bad fried rice. I can pile on sriracha and soy sauce and make it work somehow. However, my chicken dish was NASTY. The chicken tasted like pieces of rubber chicken that was slightly chewy but not chewy. I don't know, I can't explain. It was just odd. The flavor of the sauce was off, just not good. The broccoli in the dish was not fresh, you could see the yellowness in it. Bad idea to cook and serve this to customers. Yeah, I just didn't like it.Pot stickers is the saving grace of this place. Only reason it gets two stars because I could and did eat them. Good thing I only paid $6.00 for my lunch special. But let's just say I paid $6.00 for a very upset stomach for the rest of the day. Pass, do not stop at Go. If you do, you deserve to go directly to jail.
4	My husband and I love this place. Delivery is fast and food arrives hot. I'm not that adventurous with Chinese food and usually stick to the basics.... General Tso Chicken, shrimp egg fu young and garlic pepper shrimp. All are delicious and reminds me of the Chinese takeout back east.
1	I never giving one star review but honestly I feel like it was the worst chinese food might have ever had in my life. Worst part was I really wanted too give this place a chance since so close too my house like five mins. So with open mind knowing that most of the reviews negative ones. I see for myself. Not worth it. The only thing positive the lady was very nice asking her questions and helping me figure out what should try since it was my first time. Her noodle recommendation telling me most popular baffles me. It had no flavor and mean NO flavor or distinct flavor of anything! I understand certain noodles get gravy type of sauce depending on the noodle. It was so dry that felt like needed water too get it down. Other thing order (sorry all take out) general tao chicken. She was telling me spicy but nothing spicy about it. Again NO flavor just tasted so bland need too put shoyu or something on top give it something. Both of it was BAD Chinese food.The worst part is had half of the noodles when notice a piece of steel (from scrub pad use too clean the wok or kitchen equipment) in it. So on top of everything being bland tasteless get piece of steel in my noodles. This place is flat out Horrendous!  I never be coming back here again.
1	Hunnie Bunnie's pre-school is in the same lot as this spot. I decided to pick up some grub to take back to the Ranch and then catch up on The Walking Dead. I've never been in here before or seen a menu so I ordered a few items. The lady took my order and then I sat down with a to-go menu to wait. As soon as I opened it I saw the FAMILY DINNER menu - for $24.99 you can order two entrees on the list and it comes with two fried shrimp, two fried spring rolls, soup and either white rice or bbq pork fried rice. I called back to the kitchen and asked the lady if I could change my order to the family dinner menu?? She said it was coo. So I ordered the BBQ Pork Fried Rice, Orange Chicken, Chicken Chow Mein and Egg Drop Soup. The food came out quickly and I was on my way. I picked up Hunnie Bunnie and she got in the car and asked: What smells so good in here girl?! We were so damn hungry we ate the Spring Rolls and Fried Shrimp in the car! There was a lot of black pepper in the Spring Rolls and HB said they were salty. The Fried Shrimp were like a shrimp roll, and lots of breading - pretty bland tasting. There was that reddish sweet dipping sauce served with these, but eating in the car I didnt have time for that nonsense! Anyway, got to the Ranch and opened up the rest of the food. Everything was pretty BLAND. Really not much flavor AT ALL. I KNOW it's Chinese fast food but COME ON! Panda Express tastes WAY better!! I most definitely wouldn't EVER waste my money on this bland ass Chinese food again!
5	Family owned business we came here sunday afternoon about 3pm.  We love coming here because it's around the corner from us.  We always dine in here because the food comes out fresh.We normally order the family dinner for $24.99.  2 orders of sweet and sour chicken, wonton soup, pork fried rice, 2 Egg rolls, and 2 large fried shrimps with dipping sauce.  You really can't beat the family dinner specials.  It's clean, service is friendly, and never had a problem eating here. Not one complaint.I wish they had DUCK SAUCE! That'd be perfect.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duck_sauceYou can order 200 packets on amazon.http://www.amazon.com/Packets-Duck-Sauce-SHIP-WITHIN-24HRS/dp/B007ZSZ4EW
5	I signed up just to write a review about this place. This place is absolutely AMAZING! Not very close to my house, but I have no problem driving to them. First off, the staff is very nice and actually care about the customers. We felt very welcome and valued not like a customer more like guest. Most of all the food is amazing. It's very authentic Asian food. It's very reasonably priced. Definitely beats Panda Express.
2	"Meh" is exactly right. Was feeling a bit lazy and not wanting to venture out in the middle of the 5 minute storm we'd just had, so I called them for delivery. I ordered potstickers, combination (BBQ pork, chicken and shrimp) chow mein and General Tso's chicken. I asked them to make my chow mein spicy. The potstickers were cold. And apparently their version of  "making my chow mein spicy" is to throw a single red chile pepper in and give me a side of Chinese chile sauce. And while it was spicy after I dumped the chile sauce on it, it remained extremely bland. Actually pretty much tasteless. My husband's General Tso's chicken was decent and I will probably finish it off later after the whole "20 minutes after Chinese food" thing kicks in. The portions were huge, but what does that matter when they don't taste good? The fortune cookies were stale (Or something. I'm pretty sure they're not supposed to be chewy.) Definitely not worth the $26 I spent.
1	Worst Chinese food I have ever had by a Chinese owned and run restaurant EVER.  What the hell were their mothers cooking for them when they were kids to think this was passable?     Jenny, Chad, Debra...you're all right.  It was my fault for not looking at any of the reviews until I checked in after picking up my order.  I actually considered bringing this whole bag back for a refund without trying any of it.  Then the Yelper denial kicked in.  I thought "Well...Jenny's review was a few months ago and I ordered different stuff so maybe it will be better.".  Everyone is Chinese here so how bad can it be??  OH BABY IT'S BAD!!! Their "family dinner" special looked so enticing.  You get 2 entrees with soup, pork fried rice, 2 egg rolls and crab rangoon for $24.99.  That usually means leftovers but it actually meant straight to the garbage can in reality.Hot and sour soup:  I'll give them credit for soup being hot.  1 out of 2!  Nice job.  I am not sure how they managed to make the soup bland and very oily but they did.  Chicken and broccoli: The quality of the chicken was rubbery.  My chihuahuas enjoyed it and gave it 3 out of 5 Yelp stars.  Shrimp and garlic sauce:  When was the last time garlic sauce was red and uber-sweet?  Eff you, chef.  Pork fried rice:  The best of the worst and it still lacked a lot of flavor.  I was in such disbelief that I actually called them to let them know how bad it all was.  The person I spoke with said they'd save my phone number and I'd get a free entree the next time I order.  HA!  Maybe if I were contemplating suicide!I would advise all of the reviewers that bestowed 5 Yelp stars to Cheng's Express to avoid Chinese restaurants like KJ's, HK Star and Wendy's Noodle unless you've consulted a neurosurgeon first because your brain would EXPLODE if you ate at any of those spots.
4	I like Cheng's a lot.We order delivery a couple of times a month at least, and the food has always been good.Nothing spectacular, or above average...its really hard to find outstanding Chinese food in Las Vegas, but this always seems to satisfy my cravings. My favorite are the cream cheese wontons, and the Orange Beef.  I also really enjoy their Moo Goo Gai Pan.The service is always very nice, and sometimes, they through in some free "donut" desserts for us.I've been to the location 3 or 4 times, and I've always found it very clean, the the woman at the counter is great. Their delivery driver is very courteous as well.
1	PUBLIC alert!!!  Please read...When i crave for Chinese food i always go Cheng's.  I dont know how many time they changed management, i wanted to share with my horrible experience.  I ordered catering for my guests for a total of $200+, this was done over the phone.  Listen to this, Carol the owner took my order and asked for my full name, address, card number, expiration including the security code. April 29 my food was delivered. The delivery guy asked to see my debit card and ID. He did this manually by tracing my card so it will reflect  on the credit card form. He was very nice and gave him a tip of $20.  He has all my information. Next day i checked my bank statement online and there was these UNAUTHORIZED transactions totaling to $500+.  First thing that came into my mind is Cheng's involved, either that delivery kid or anyone from cheng's...they have all my card info, who else could it be.  As of today, im still debating that with my bank!Please donot buy food here anymore if you are paying by card...food is not that good anymore!!!! Oh, thanks for the donuts, thats the only one that is good.
1	PUBLIC ALERT!!! Please read...When I'm craving for Chinese food I always go to Cheng's Express.  I don't know how many times they changed management but recently I had this horrible experience.  I have ordered catering for my guests for a total of $200+. This was done over the telephone.  Well, listen to this, they took all my information to charge it to my debit, my name, address, card number, expiration and including the security code.  April 29, this kid delivered all my orders and asked for my information, including that he sees my debit card and ID.  So he did this manually, by tracing my credit card with a pen so the number will reflect in the credit card form, I TRUSTED HIM, gave him a $20 tip.  The next day I checked my statement online and there was these UNAUTHORIZED transactions amounting to $520 in total.  First thing that came to my mind is Cheng's Express is involved, and I'm positive that this delivery guy took advantage of my debit card, or anyone working there.  As of today I'm still debating this with my bank.  PLEASE BE CAREFUL IF YOU ARE USING YOUR CARD HERE!!!  if it happens to you, check your statement online ASAP. Anyway, the food doesn't taste good anymore!!! Thanks for the donuts, that's the only thing is good, it wasn't the same anymore.
1	My roommate and I like to order here when we feel like staying in and veggin out. I always get delivery here and the lady always says 30 min. Well I ordered last night at 9:07PM and our food didn't come until 10:37PM. Not to mention the food was cold and hard. I called the place right away and of course they're already closed and there's no option for voicemail. Terrible service...way to loose a customer!
1	Went in today not realizing that they had changed name and owners. NEW NAME IS HAPPY WOK. Ordered Won Ton Soup and all it was was broth, house fried rice and the house chow fun and NO flavor.  The new people were not as friendly and the son (?) acts like he isn't allowed out in public very often. Pretty awkward ordering experince. Off to find a new neighborhood Chinese spot
1	So, apparently there are new owners and it is now called Happy Wok.  I would always get Cheng's Express and it was fast and tasty.  I called to place a delivery order last month, Aug  2014 and was told all the delivery people were out of the country.  So I called today, 9/14/14 and found out there is a new name and new owners.  The food took twice as long to get delivered and tasted....  well, there was really no taste..  Bland and blah.  I will morn the loss of Cheng's Express and let Happy Wok go on it's happy way.
