4	This isn't the best pizza I've ever had, but it's pretty damn good!  I've only tried the pizza here, but they've got several pasta dishes, calzones, sandwiches, etc.  I want to try some of the other menu items, but I just can't get away from that pizza!  You can get a large, 1 topping for $10!  Bona has the large (fold in-half style), thin crust, New York style pizza, which I usually don't prefer, but I make an exception with THIS pizza.  It's really simple pizza, but really awesome.  I think the sauce is what sets it apart from other places.Also, the staff here is so sweet - I believe they're Italian (I'm not good with placing accents).  Beware of the $1 card charge though :(
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas.  And the owner is super-friendly and totally knows his food.  Go visit them and have the tastiest pizza ever in your life.  I have read reviews where people complain about the $1 surcharge on using a credit card - but that is totally fair and its just a courtesy for people who do not have cash.  After all, people - its only one dollar.  Today - that is practically nothing and its certainly worth the convenience.
4	Pizza prepared the way it should be. Made from scratch with fresh ingredients.
5	I ordered take out from Bona last night. They delivered quickly. The prices are very affordable and you get alot for your money.I had the chicken sorentino. It came with penne, two huge garlic knots and a mixed green salad. The food arrived hot and it was delicious. The sauce on the penne was one of the best I have ever had.  It was so good  I am treating the BF and dad tonight. I think I am going to try the chicken piccata.
5	This place just gets better each time I go there. Last night we went there for dinner. I had the chicken saltimiboca, YUM. BF had one of the specials which was pork loin with roasted potatoes and vegetables, and canneli beans. He is still raving about it today. My dad had the other special which was lamb shank with risotto. I do not eat lamb, but this looked so good. My dad said it was great. All 3 dinners were 14.00 each. You get the jumbo garlic knots and each of us got a salad. This was all included. Our total was 57.00 We also had an appetizer of calamari. Everyone who works there is so kind great service. It is a small place but that adds to the charm of this place. Give thi place a try you will not be disappointed.
3	Picked up a pie to go and here are my thoughts... First off, charging an additional $1 for using a credit card is BS, period. Not to mention it's against the user's agreement that businesses must agree to when utilizing CC companies.On to the food... The toppings were a bit on the light side, meaning quantity of mushrooms & roasted peppers, but were fresh and flavorful. The crust, NY style, was very good and I really enjoyed the outer edges which very bubbly and light. When it comes to the sauce it was too sweet for my taste. With that being said it was still good and had a homemade taste to it that I enjoyed but for me I'd want them to experiment with their sauce a little more and have it a little more balanced in regards to this.Would I go back? Yes, but for me there are better options out there that come up with a more balanced pizza in regards to quantity of ingredients and the flavor of the sauce.
3	In a city of terrible Pizza, Bona Pizza manages to be OK without being the outstanding option I've been looking for.If you're a fan of the slightly soggy New York style crust you might be happier than I am, but I really prefer a pizza where the crust does not sag down to the ground when you pick up a slice.Recently these guys have started to litter our apartment complex with their menus, despite the fact that this sort of solicitation is expressly prohibited. I went out to check the mail today and saw about six of the things blowing around the car park as people open their doors, the menus fall to the ground and are ignored - Just pay for real advertising like everyone else guys - enough with the spam already - We get enough of it in our mailboxes without it shoved in our doors as well.
2	Starting to get really annoyed with Bona's unsolicited junk mail crammed twice-weekly into the doorjams at our apartment complex. NO SOLICITING!
5	I still love this place. Now I have never had the pizza, just the dinners. We usually go every other week. The prices for the dinners is so reasonable and they are always fresh and delicious. My favorite now is the chicken angelo. The owner was telling us that he was the executive chef at PanVino. His wife is always there and she is always a kind, gracious server. This is my favorite go to place for Italian food.
4	Tried this place tonight and was so impressed I had to write a review ASAP!! So the place itself is pretty bare bones...no decor...you might even think they just opened like an hour ago! We ordered one large pepperoni pizza and an order of garlic bread with cheese. I ordered take out and live at least 5-6 minutes away. After reading some of the other reviews, I was concerned that by the time I got it home it would be soggy. So we get home, crack that box open and whoa--the pizza looked great! It was bubbly and there were a few charred spots on the crust which, in my opinion is delish! And it was. This was a fantastic pizza. Not soggy at all. The sauce was pretty close to perfection. I hate heavy, chunky sauces and this was light and so flavorful. The crust was thin but had it had a bit of chewiness to it---definetley not paper thin. I had no complaints on this pizza. It was just perfect. The bread was also a bit charred in the ends and the proportion was generous. No complaints. My husband begged me to pick this up for Monday night football in a couple days and I agreed. In this area, our pizza choices are very limited; we are so happy to have found this place. And the best part was the bill: $15 bucks including tip!! Holly mozzarella! I love this place.I just hope they're consistent.Since my first review, we have eaten here 3 more times and the pizza is generally consistent. The first pizza we ordered was the best...the crust was crunchy and had those delish charred bubbles. The other pizzas we ordered since were a little flimsy and the crust a bit soggy but still very good. I also ordered an antipasta salad and I'm guessing the dressing had anchovies in it cuz it tasted and smelled fishy---at least I'm hoping anchovies in the dressing was the cause for that! We didn't like it--It was ok for me but my husband was like NO! Get it outta here! The salad itself was soggy. Also ordered the chicken fingers--yum. Very good...although a little on the greasy side but I love this style of chicken fingers. Breaded style with your choice of mild, medium or hot sauce. And the ranch dipping sauce was bomb. Best ranch I've ever had. If you like the chicken fingers from Villa, you'll love these. So, we still love this place and it has quickly become one of our favorites!
5	This is my new favorite pizza restaurant. I must say the pizza is better than Metro. The pizza is very d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s. It doesn't have that fake cheese taste. As I am writing this review, my boyfriend is considering picking up pizza from here. We eat here at least once or twice a week. My favorite the cheese pizza, great price. Highly recommend trying this place out. Spread the word about this restaurant.! You definately will not be disappointed.
4	I've been here a couple times before since it's so close to where I live, and it's definitely one of the better Italian restaurants in Vegas.  At first glance, this restaurant isn't too appealing.  The furniture looks like it was bought secondhand and from a bad dealer.  The walls are bare, and it's usually as empty as a ghost town when I go.But, the food totally makes up for it as well as the service.  I ordered the Bona Pasta last time, and it came out burning hot!  It's almost like a baked ziti, and there was a gooey burning mess of cheese on top.  Underneath was the tomato-meat sauce goodness covered rigatoni.  It was delicious.  The portions are good for their price.  I had to take mine to go.  However, the pasta isn't that great as a leftover.  The meat-sauce took on a strange texture that I didn't find appealing.The chef took our orders himself, and he even remembered what my father ordered last time (pork tenderloins).  Even more surprising was that the chef made the dish even though it wasn't on the menu and offered to make us whatever we wanted.  How cool is that?
4	I've had food from here a few times and it has always been good.  The first two times my hubby and I had pizza and wings.  The wings are good (well good for Las Vegas), meaning they are a decent size, they aren't dripping in grease, and when you order hot, they are actually kind of hot.  The pizza is really good as well.  We have tried the cheese pizza (which is a great deal, a large cheese for $8!  Cheaper than Walmart!) and the Rustica Pizza (roasted red peppers, chicken, artichokes).  The delivery was fast, it only took them like 30 minutes when they told me 45.Today we actually went in to eat.  I ordered the Penne a la vodka and a Caesar salad, my mom had the chicken sorrentino (chicken breast topped with eggplant and mozz) and a house salad, my hubby had the chicken philly, and my dad had the sausage and pepper sandwich.  We were all happy with the food.  The salads were a good size portion and you could probably spit them between two people.  I LOVED the Caesar salad because the dressing was homemade, therefore it was REAL Caesar dressing.  You could taste the garlic and it had just a hint of anchovy flavor, totally brought me back to my childhood.  The house salad was a mixed green salad with some tomatoes and balsamic vinegar (for only $3, I think that is cheaper than Mickey Ds) and my mom really liked it.  The salads came with these yummy homemade rolls that were hot out of the oven.  The Penne a la vodka was delicous, very creamy and tasty and there was so much of it, I will be having it for dinner later tonight.  The chicken sorrentino was also a good size portion chicken breast served on top of linguine, my mom took half of hers home.  The sandwiches were a decent size and my dad (I consider him an expert in sausage and peppers since it is one of his signature dishes), really enjoyed the sandwich.  The sandwiches came with crinkle cut fries, which is a score in my book cause I hate skinny fries.  Oh and the cool thing was that the owner was doing everything himself.  He waited on us, cooked our food, and took orders over the phone.  Totally friendly guy.Since Cuginos is on the other side of the city, Bona pizza is where we will be getting our Italian food on the West side!
4	Unlike the big wig pizza joints in my area, Bona Pizza has always been a pleasurable experience for me plus I live right next to them that they walk it over to me and hand it over the wall. I mean the place is pretty simple with the traditional picnic table covers and old Pizza Hut style chairs but their food is pretty decent. They offer several combos meals plus have more than pizza and wings on their menu. Of course I have only had pizza, wings and fingers from this place. Love me the Rustica Pizza or even making my own. The ingredients are freshed and so is the dough, which wins me over Pizza Hut anytime.
5	I needed two vegan meals for my son's wedding. I was there for dinner and asked Nick if he could do this for me. He stated he could. Asked what they would like to have to eat for their dinners. He went out and obtained the items for this. At the last minute my son calls and lets me know we need two more. Two hours before. I call Nick and he tells me no problem. The 4 dinners were great. He also made salads and sauteed mushrooms for them. threw in some of his garlic rolls which are always tasty.Nick helped us put together a wonderful day for my son and new daughterinlaw. This place is the best!
5	This place is fabulous.  Everything is fresh (Nick even makes his own sausage).
2	Service sucks! My bf went in to use the bathroom while i was in the car getting my son out before we went into the restaurant. I sat down and the owner was yelling to take my order. When my bf got out of the bathroom the owner yells out "oh i didnt know u where with them." i guess he was mad that he used their bathroom. Their table cover is the paper you lay on in the doctors office! BUT the pizza was good. If the owner and his family wasnt so rude id tip them and give them 4 stars!!!!
4	Simple and delicious. The crust was slightly sweet and the pizza was not greasy like the many I have encountered before. Only $16 for a large cheese pizza + an order of fries
5	Went to go here last night for dinner and they moved to 7750 S. Jones.Tried to find it, gave up after a few minutes, will try again though, this is one of my favorite places.
2	Ok I admit the food is decent.  BUT there is way better places to go for service. The 2 stars are for the food.  I would've given them 3 stars but the food is decent but it is NEVER CONSISTENT.  Sometimes it's great and sometimes it's missing some kind of seasoning.  Twice in a row I have ordered from delivery from them and they got it WRONG!  And when I called, instead of apologizing, the owner gave me attitude!  TWICE he gave me attitude!  I mean come on.  Seriously, the owner is so macho and proud that he can not aplogize?I've read other reviews on here and I was always like "well the food is decent" but after tonight no more.  There are plenty of other pizza places around here that I can order from.  So if you like mediocre service and sometimes decent food go here otherwise try somewhere else.
