5	Amazing service, great prices! Hair cut is $7 for clippers, $12 for layered, $15 for aline. Color: regrowth $18, regular hair color is $39 and up. They do ombre for$79. I haven't tried the waxing services yet which is $10 and up.  I see Tori and my hair always gets complimented on how amazing my hair looks.
5	Amazing place! Is hard to find a good place where to cut my hair. I'm very particular with my hair style, but I found this little cute place Torii G Salon! Great service! The best part is they really know how to do hair, very professional people Victoria is always great, and hair cut for guys is very affordable! Is close to my house I'm just happy I have found this place!
2	I went to this place thinking I could get a good hair cut, but I was wrong. The hair stylist was friendly, I showed her a picture of how I wanted my hair and for the most part it was going well. Until she cut my bangs, she cut off way too much from the side and now I look like I'm back in elementary school. Then when it came to paying, I tried to use my credit card but they didn't even have a working machine. I was very disappointed in this place.
5	I only get my haircut with my usual barber and he recently retired and so I had to find a new place, so I gave Torri G Salon a shot. Saw the ad for $7 haircut, so I  didn't expect much but I was surprised and will differently go back.I was happy because the gal that cut my hair actually listened to how I wanted my haircut and executed it perfectly.
1	MUST READ: I walked in with a question about a cut and color correction and Misty quoted me a price for correction and then for added color. She said she would throw in the cut and could get me in and out in about an hour (This was a spur of the moment stop and I didn't have a lot of time, and no one else was in shop.) As the first hour turned into the second hour, I was growing a little agitated. My stylist Misty left me at one point to correct a cut for the other stylist and then left me again to cut a wig on another client. I pointed out that she missed a spot on my roots and she said she didn't see anything. She washed my color out in the same bowl she had just done a quick bleach correction treatment in. I also asked her to get the dye off my ears as I could feel when she applied color she was slathering it all over my ears and neck along with my hair and she started to become rude with me, saying there was nothing there (fyi- I came home with a big dye mark on the right side of my neck right under my ear and also on the left side of my forehead...so yes, she didn't take dye off.) At this point I had been in the salon OVER two hours and had to leave to go to work.          She gave me a cut, but seemed very distracted chatting with a stylist/guest who was visiting (and who then took a misc client even tho he didnt/wasnt working there?!?!?!?!?) The cut was literally 3 snips with her scissors. Worst cut ever :( I was on the edge of my chair cause had now been at salon almost 2.25 hours when told color and cut could be in and out in an hour, and when I pointed out that she had missed some of the roots Misty started getting even more snippy with me, making comments like "well if you were not in such a hurry I could dry your hair" and "I could put more color on, but you keep saying you have to go." ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!? I have never been to a hairdresser and 1- not had them ask me which way I parted my hair which changes the cut and 2- left with wet scraggly hair that didnt even get any product put in it. Then... when I said, its 60 right, she said no, its 72 I said you told me the cut was free, and she said no I was going to blow dry you but you have to leave, the cut is an extra 12. I had to go and didn't have time to figure out the prices or argue that she didn't so much as cut my hair as pull a few strands out, so I gave her a 100 and when she got me the change she practically threw it at me over the counter and walked away rolling her eyes. I WILL NOT GO BACK! Customer service is very very important. Not only should you not be rude to clients, but she ruined whole experience by her attitude, bad techniques and misrepresentation of the prices. I read reviews below (including the hidden ones) that commented on same thing, so this seems to be a common practice at this salon. BE WARY! For a new salon, they are not being very honest or appropriate with their clients. If you have any questions, feel free to send me a note...but I would NOT reccomend this salon or Misty the stylist. I am sorry to be so negative, but this was a terrible experience!
1	Terrible, terrible place. I walked in wanting to make an appointment and there was no receptionist. That's not a good sign of customer service for me. But oh it got worse. I was looked at by the two stylists working and after a few minutes of standing there awkwardly one finally comes over. He wasn't very friendly and seemed too busy to even help. So I decided to leave. I go back a few days later hoping for a different feel and it got even worse. I went in and there was no receptionist and one stylist. She had to leave the client she was working on (which would piss me off if that were me) and goes "what do you need?" To me. And I said "make an appointment?" And she repeats "what do you need?" A little confused I assumed she meant so I said "hair cut and ombre" Then she looks at the books and goes "oh thank god I'm off tomorrow" wow. That shows me you hate your job and that's the last stylist id want doing my hair. Then, rudely, she says you can come in tomorrow at 4. And I said well that won't do I work till 530 but just across the street so I was hoping for a 6? And she said no. Ombre takes at least 3 hours and we close at 8 ......... I was so appalled. First off, I've had blonde in my hair numerous times before. It doesn't take that long and besides I was going for a caramel look so it would've been maybe a 30 lift for half hour tops. Not THREE HOURS. She didn't even ask the specifics of what I wanted to gauge the time better. And the fact that she refused to stay open a little later for a client??? As a new local business that's stupid. This place will be closed within 6 months IF THAT. I didn't get her name (purplish hair - older) but it doesn't seem to matter who you get- they're all just rude.
