4	This is an awesome thrift store where the proceeds go to a local Jewish women's center.  I highly recommend this place if you love decent clothes at great bargains.  The store is pretty big.  It is easily accessible via the 61B line, as the bus stops right in front of the plaza (especially if you are coming from CMU/UPitt area).There is also a small section from their high-end consignment store, Designer Days Boutique.  It features clothing from brands like BCBG, Tahari, etc.  This section is a little more pricey compared to the rest of the store (ex: $20 as opposed to $5 or less) but still a good place to find bargains for higher end stuff.The rest of the store has a ton of women, men, and children clothing (especially women's).  The clothes are separated by type - women's blouses, women's skirts, women's pants, etc.  They are sort of sorted by COLOR, but you do have to dig a bit for your size because they don't sort by size (hence the 4 stars).  There are a lot of hidden gems at great prices in here, you just have to dig for them.  For example, I found a black pair of dress pants from Ann Taylor LOFT for only $4!  There are a lot of name brand clothing here too, like Banana Republic, J. Jill, J. Crew, Talbots.There is also a section for old books and furniture and knicks and knacks around the house, as well as shoes.Highly recommended for the bargain treasure hunters!
4	We got really excited when we first walked in. This place is really big with lots of furniture and clothes. I grabbed like three lamps and started scouring for other goodies,while my husband checked the price of an awesome old bench. After the intial excitement wore off, and we found out the bench was only there to tease us, as it was not for sale, we also noticed the prices were a little high for what you were getting. The lamps were between $8-$18 and not really in great shape, nor specific antiques. I think you can find goodies, but it does require sorting through a lot of stuff. I guess the front of the clothing area is supposed to be 'consignment store' like, but ... nothing looked that great. A simple, cotton black dress was priced at like $18. This place will stay on the route, but as of yet, we've only purchased one shirt - levis, long sleeve, plaid button up for $2. Not bad after digging, but not a shopping spree.
3	I'm a little torn on this review. I'm going to go with a quick and dirty to the point review and do a more indepth review after a second trip there. I honestly feel like they were switching out for the season AND it was a bag sale day where you could fill an entire bag of clothes for cheap. While this sounds like a great idea and a great deal I have a few qualms with this. 1. I rarely find enough clothing items to fill a bag. 2. The dressing rooms were closed bc it was a bag sale? I'm not interested in the bag sale so I couldn't try on a pair of dress pants I liked? Even though it was bare, I can still see the potential in this thrift store. I'll definitely be back to check out clothes on non-bag sale days. Besides the proceeds help a Jewish Women's Center and that's something I can definitely stand behind.
2	Sorry, but this place isn't all that.  Yes, proceeds do go to something nice, but it's still a thrift store.It's kind of dirty when you walk in, and has the smell of old (should be expected, just like Goodwill).  I have yet to find anything that could be of use to me in here.  With the awesome sign out front you would think the inside would be more well put together.Go to a Goodwill, Salvation Army or Red White & Blue before here.  Honestly, it's like all the free T-shirts you get from attending an event ended up here.
4	I've gotten some great items for my new apartment here. Some really cheap utensils ($0.25/each), mugs ($0.50/each), a glass pitcher ($4), a lamp ($5), and a chair ($15). They have some great furniture pieces here, some heavy wooden furniture that feels like it would last a while. If I had a truck, I'd probably furnish more of my apartment with items from here. The people working there are quite helpful and nice. I had wanted this end table, but it wouldn't fit in our car. When we were trying to cram the end table into our car, they even came out to try and help us. Alas, it couldn't fit, so they gave us a refund. I haven't seen too many thrift stores in this area, so I think I'll be coming back here often.
