3	Walgreens is Walgreens.  I did score a few free items while waiting for my pictures to develop. So I had to run and get my good old coupon book out of my vehicle.  Walgreens now has a cool app which lets you choose pictures from your phone and send them to the photo lab to be developed. You can choose them while you are at home or wherever you are.  This is very nice. I do have to say the young lady in the photo lab was really helpful and so nice. I really wish there were more nice people like her working here.  I have run into a few really grouchy ladies working here that put stuff away on the shelves and they seem to upset me every time.
1	Second time unlucky for this place.  We have had 2 different prescriptions messed up with this location. It is convenient for us because it is located close to our family Dr, but the pharmacy staff here are just incapable of communicating with my Dr's office and taking any sort of initiative.  Instead, I had to take out an hour of my day (with sick kids) to go back and forth between the Dr's office and Walgreens. Never again.
1	I only go here becasue its closer to my home but need to switch pharmacy. They input my insurance wrong many many times. They are constantly out of stock and have long waits. I've seen a customer come back with medication that was for someone else. They do not communicate what is going with you or your drs office on medication that they cant process. You find out that YOU need to call your physician after you go back in and are told they couldnt process your prescription.
1	Just moved to Goodyear and wanted my prescription switched to this Walgreens. The lady told me that all the Walgreens are connected so there's no need. Came back a few days later to refill and the guy this time couldn't find anything under my name. The guy was new and was sweet and was able to help me out, but the girl before him was clearly stupid or something. Another thing quit asking customers "can I help you" like once is enough but 7 times within 15 min are you serious right now! Leave me alone. I had to go to another Walgreens because I'm afraid to go here. I'm just looking around.... Goodness!
