3	Did you know that Starbucks now offers free Wifi?  You no longer have to pay to surf the net here.  Amazing!  I've been going to various Starbucks for years.  Surprisingly, I've never been to this location before, because I am usually at Goldbar right across the parking lot.Recently, I found out from another Starbucks that they've dropped the charges for thier internet service.  So, since I was a little burnt out on going to Goldbar, I decided to mix things up and come here for a change.The interior seating is limited.  Not a whole lot of places to sit, especially if your trying to plug your computer in like myself.  There is seating outside, but I try to avoid it in the summer if I can, even with the spritzers.I placed my order for an Arnold Palmer.  After I paid, I sat down at my computer and waited for my drink....and waited some more...and more waiting.  It wasn't until another customer told me that my drink was ready that I was even aware that the drink was done and just sitting on the counter.  I was sitting, literally, right in front of the register!  How could they not have annouced that my drink was ready?  I sat there for a good 5 minutes!  Its hot outside! I'd like my drink!Normally, I stand by the bar area and wait for my drink, and they will annouce when its done.  Not here!  Minus points for that, especially considering I was sitting right there!Anyways, I will probably be back to this location, but only as a back up to when A) Goldbar is full and I need to get online, or B) when I'm sick of Goldbar and need a change of pace.  These situations happen on a regular basis, and its nice to mix things up every once in a while.
3	If you don't know what Starbucks has to offer by now you've been living in a cave. If you're looking for something different Gold Bar is way better, and it's located in the same parking lot. I believe in supporting local joints first over huge corporations. If you want the same old thing Starbucks is great. But if you want something new, fresh, fun, and to support a local business, take your money to Gold Bar. I promise you wont be disappointed.
4	I was in a time crunch and needed a little caffeine to start my day. Drive-thru yeah! Well, if I would have noticed the long long long line in the drive-thru I probably should have opted to go inside or bypass all together. Well, I made it to my destination on time. But a bit stressed. My iced peppermint latte was just what I needed and it was soooooo good. I am used to having Starbucks at the airport and it just never seems to taste right, so I was super happy to have it just like I like it. Thanks for the boost of energy which was needed on this particilar day:)
2	This is not my favorite starbucks location. Most Starbucks staff are usually over the top bubbly, even in the morning (of course, I would be too if I had a constant flow of caffeine available to me at all times) For some reason at this location, it's like the baristas don't like coffee or something....just not very welcoming people as I have experienced in other stores. One time, they even served me my oatmeal raw.......that's how I know none of them actually drink coffee :/ caffeine wouldn't let you forget a thing like HOT WATER to go in your oatmeal.......
5	I live this location because there is not a crazy line on Saturday mornings and they brew their iced coffee to perfection. As a former sbux employee, I can taste that some other locations don't know how to brew it correctly because it tastes watery :/
4	This is my favorite Starbucks in Tempe. Over the past year they have hired some awesome baristas that are much more friendly than what's been around in years past. Plus, I love the trivia they have on the white board behind the espresso machines. It can get busy in there but it's a good mix of students, young professionals and older folks from the surrounding neighborhoods. Lots of patio seating as well.
3	Not great, but not awful.This is your typical Starbucks. It's usually pretty average, however the last few times my coffee has tasted burnt. One time, they warned me saying it was the bottom of the batch but the two subsequent times I have not received such a disclaimer. Also, my recent Pumpkin Spice latte tasted strange, and my friend said it tasted like hot chocolate. Not good, but not awful. There is limited seating inside, but the patio makes up for it with various groupings of tables and chairs. I always see folks hanging out and talking - what I like to see at a coffee shop. No drive-thru, which is a let-down, though I like being forced to enjoy the full Starbucks experience sometimes.What brings me back is location, my caffeine fix, quick service and a new trivia question on the whiteboard every week!  What is Philematology? The baristas here will know.
4	They were really helpful. The girls behind the counter were really nice. The wait wasn't too long, especially for 8:30 in the morning. When I got my drink the lady wanted me to make sure it tasted good before I left. Very considerate. It was perfect =]
5	this is my fav starbux the drinks are perfect the store is allways clean and the servers are allways nice
5	Starbucks is my ultimate go-to place for coffee. I don't go there a lot because I can't always afford it, but when I do, it's a treat in itself. Love their specialty drinks and the wonderful customer service I receive each time I go. Also, Starbucks is one place I love receiving gift cards from for the reason of treating myself or just something different from the usual. This location is always quick and reliable and I keep going back because their service is top-notch!
4	Nice location, prompt efficient service. Keeper.
3	Not my favorite location. Stopped in this evening and had to wait about 10 minutes with only one person ahead of me. The barista would take the order, go start on the drink, come back for payment, then finish the drink. Repeat routine for next customer. Inefficient. She was very friendly though.
3	Have to agree with Andrew S. on this one - not good, not bad. The location itself is in a strip with some other shops, so this would be a good place to stop off and grab a coffee before shopping around. The inside is decently set up, but there is an extremely limited number of seats for the busy-ness level they face. They do have some extra seating outside, with misters to help cool it off in the hot summer months.The staff was nice and friendly. The drinks were well made and tasted as per usual. Overall: BA decent stop off before shopping the area, but may not be able to find a seat if you are looking to sit and hang. "A-OK."
