4	On my way to get a haircut, I was sidetracked by a quick look down at my hands. My adventures in being manly by replacing a car battery had done a number on my nails and I couldn't possibly be seen going to a Tori Amos concert looking all a mess. Since Bien Nail (it means "good" in French) was a few suites down, I decided to go in and have them fix me up. The manicure was your standard mani--file, soak, clip, file, buff, polish. It cost $12. But I didn't feel compelled to maintain conversation, which was tops because "Cops" was on the television. I plan on going back for a mani/pedi soon, because some times you just need to spend money on yourself to feel attractive...and I definitely need that as of late. Hours Mon-Sat: 9:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. Sunday: 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. Walk in welcome
4	I've been going here since 2002. I love the service I receive here. I only let Judy (the owner) work on my nails and Annie do my feet. Judy is a pro at what she does, I only need to tell her to "hook me up" and she knows what to do. There have only been maybe one or two times that I didn't really like my design/color and I let them know and they'll start all the way over. I am constantly getting compliments on my nails and toes everywhere I go. Everyone that works here is pretty good at what they do, I only go to these two women because I'm not a fan of change. They are very reasonably priced as well, full set for $21 and pedicure for $18 (with a hot stone massage...ahhh..). Recently a lot of the stores in the strip have closed down so it looks pretty boring over there now but I'd still recommend anyone looking for a great nail job to try them out.
1	The fumes were horrible. When I came here on Saturday, 9/17/2011, there was no air quality control here. I got the worst headache and became physically sick after visiting this salon. I thought at first it was just me, but no....my mom and sister were also with me and they noticed the same thing. One thing that should have tipped me off was that gentleman doing my nails was popping Ricola throat drops like they were candy complaining of a 'scratchy throat' - this is becoming more predominant as people begin to show the effects prolonged exposure to cheap, raw chemicals (such as those used in acrylic nails) without protection over a period of years. Be reminded that this is a place of business with paying customers. Yet the owner or someone who works there thought it was perfectly acceptable to bring their young children to work where they too could make a nuisance of themselves while breathing the toxic fumes. They proceeded to build lego guns and helicopters, then run around the salon 'shooting' at people, adding to my already bad experience.  I have been getting manis and pedis for years but after this experience I am in search of a green or organic spa. My experience here was horrible.
1	OKAY...So...I've tried this place twice..First time was the Saturday before Easter Sunday. I understand they were extremely busy because of Easter. I didn't mind waiting an hour prior to being seated, because I understood I was a walk-in. I was also speaking with another customer who said she's been coming here for like 10 yrs or so. I admit I was impressed and wanted to try their service. I tried their Deluxe Spa Pedicure - includes anything in the spa pedicure plus sea salt treatment, callus eliminator, cooling gel, hot towel, and French tip or design $37. I enjoyed the treatment though the wait and it was super relaxing...no conversation as the workers seemed overworked, tired, and ready to jet for the door; mind you it was 720pm and one of the male workers brought in a $5 pizza from Little Ceasars a few doors down. Anywho...today was my 2nd visit. I went it wanting that relaxing, pampering treatment from before since I felt I deserved to treat and give myself a break from work, kids, and running errands...I signed in at 450pm. I was told to pick out a color, etc. I was seated in less than 10 minutes. I thought, "Awesome! Faster than before!"  I literally sat there cross referencing my calendar, paid bills, made appointments for my kids, etc...I realized my toes were like prunes...AND 58 minutes had passed by...oh, no... I am normally a patient person IF customer care is addressed. But since no one checked on me, offered me a magazine, water, etc...I got impatient and quickly very UN-impressed from the first experience and despite what others have said... I say this because there were three other women in there besides me. This was a first for me to walk out on a business. I literally took my pruned soaked toes out of the water and walked out... So instead of a relaxing, rejuvenating experience...I was upset and highly disappointed.    I will not be returning and am still in the need of a relaxing experience and great nail salon. I'll pay my $37 pedicure and 20% tip elsewhere...Ciao!
1	My friend & I went I get gel manicures and the lady did he shittiest job on BOTH of us!  The gel Polish was all over our fingers & cuticles.  I ended up peeling some of the paint off just trying to clean it up.  Waste of time & money.  We WILL NEVER go back to this place.  It was not bien!
