1	OMG, I'm so glad I am not the only one that had the most terrible service with this company. They are so rude and unprofessional. I was in one of their estate sale and when I wanted to pay for 2 purses I found, I asked her if she would take ONE dollar off the purchase, she I guess Kathy, responded in the most discourteous behavior : "NO, And I am not even adding taxes with that" ....Are you kidding me? By the way all the items were way overpriced!!!. Do not hire these people they have the worst manners I've ever seen in a estate sale or a garage sale. Just like the other review, I won't be attending to any of their sales again.  EVER.
5	I have to disagree with all the critics. We have been going to estate sales for years and Kathy's is one that we always attend. They are not rude, they are very friendly and we enjoy the fact that there are NO CHILDREN allowed. I would be glad of that fact esp if I were the owner of the property. The children we have encounted at these sales are usually unsupervised and allowed to run around the place like a play ground. And as far as asking if they would take a lessor amount on a price....these are NOT garage sales. If you want to bargain, I suggest you follow the garage sales where you can offer $1.00 for an item.
1	Weird ExperienceThis review concerns the strange behavior of Kathy, the owner of this company.   Furthermore, I want you to know that I haven't read any of the other reviews concerning Kathy and her company so I can say none have affected what I have to say.I went to an estate sale held by this company this afternoon.  It wasn't terribly exciting but I spent time picking up some things that I found would be useful.  My habit is to start a collection of things which accumulate as I spend time looking.  I did see what item that I knew a friend might enjoy having but wanted to give it some thought.  The employees were all very friendly enough so that I decided to put my name on their email list.  Overall it was a good experience.  As I was getting ready to make up my mind about things, I saw a man put the gold filigree item I had decided to buy for my friend in a plastic bag and walk out to the patio.  I had waited to long which was sad as I know she'd have really enjoyed it..  Later I returned to  to the patio to decide if wanted to buy two pieces of patio furniture, a lounger and a glider.  I saw the man with the plastic bag putting more stuff in the bag and them put it next to a table.  He was an employee so I decided to ask him if he was buying the bag of stuff.  When he said no so I asked him if I could get something out of it.  He said go ahead.  As I did a very unpleasant woman walked up and told me that the bag was trash and to put everything back into it that it wasn't "cool" to look in it.  She then told me if I wanted any of it that I could go in the alley and dig it out of the trash!  I then suggested sh could be a little nicer about how she had said what she did to me.  She made a remark I didn't hear and stomped off.  I asked the nearest worker who she was and they said she was the boss, Kathy.Rarely can I say I have been as offended as I was by as I was person.  It was obvious that she has no sense of how you deal with customers.  My experience is that she was a very mean spirited individual.  What bothered me even more was that she was trying to belittle me for even wanting to look in the bag.   I knew that  thing wasn't the case but pity the person who might be a bit timid would feel shamed by this person.Most people would have just walked out but I had spent time getting these things I wanted and I was going to have them.  However, the first thing I did was get a black Sharpie and cross my name of the email list.  Kathy will never get another cent of my money.  I then purchased my items and told the employes what happened.  They said she'd just had a problem and apologized if she took it out on me.  Possibly that was the case but at that point, I just wanted to leave.   I hoped her day went better but I wasn't going to be part of it.Now is the thing that happened that was the icing on the cake of a truly weird experience.   I truly was trying to have some sympathy for this woman, Kathy. We all have bad days, I was trying to be understanding?  As I was carrying my things out to the car, I stopped to open my hatchback.  As I did, Kathy was drove by giving me an ugly smile, and waving.  This is a very sad person.***Now that I have written this review, I've read the other reviews  I would suggest you read them including the two that aren't recommended.  These people have dealt directly with Kathy as well!***
