3	My first time visiting Dr. Brown. I was a little hesitant because I read on Google reviews that he wasn't friendly, etc. But,  I actually really liked him. You could tell he knew what he was talking about and that's all I'm really looking for with my doctors. I went to Elizabeth Rostan before, and she messed up one of my mole removals, I have a dime sized scar there now. Also, she was finishing a snack as she came into the room which I found unprofessional. I would give more stars, but, I had to wait an hour and a half past my appointment time to finally be seen by the doctor. They were really backed up today. I have a follow up in 6 weeks, and I am curious to see if the wait will be as long as today.
1	I have been to this place few months ago for laser hair removal.... Dr's assitant felt a big scar on my face.. Though i gave them a cal regarding the scar, the reception guys said they will ask drs assitant to cal but i never heard them back 4r them..
1	Overall horrible experience from wait times for scheduled appointments, waiting in the actual exam room, bedside manner of Dr. Brown, extremely rude front desk staff, poorly set expectations of procedure and recovery time, and unacceptable scarring from melanoma excision. Please do not trust your body with this physican. Healthcare is expensive no matter where you go, but this physician does not deserve a dime of your hard earned income.
1	I just want to get rid of my Acne scars, but he prescribed me with a very strong medicine with very strong side effects even he knows I can't take it. I felt really sick. Then he gave me another facial gel, I just used it twice and got serious allergy for days with affects my work too. Then he prescribed me with another liquid which contains alcohol to cure the allergy, which make my face even burned more!!!!!!!!!!!! I have to use iced milk to cure myself now. If you are pretty and don't want to become ugly, then never go to Charles Brown's office!!
5	Several years ago, I developed rosacea which caused an overwhelming burning sensation and copious redness on my cheeks, nose and forehead giving me a flushed appearance.  I haplessly grew a beard hoping to disguise at least some of the redness but found myself at times, leaning against cold metal just to cool my face.  I even bought the green tinted coverup that was supposed to, when applied correctly, turn redness to a color that matched my skin tone. I would try anything. Having had enough I contacted the Dermatologic Laser Center off Randolph Rd. and made an appointment to see Dr. Brown.  I arrived on time for my initial visit and upon checking in, the staff members greeting me were strangely unsubtle, very energetic and franc, quite frankly.  They scuttled me about through one exam room to the next finally settling on door number 4. At this point I had no idea what to expect when in walked a man whom at first glance could be mistaken for a pre-pubescent altar boy and not a 50+ year old. My hope was growing.  Dr. Brown's bedside manner and demeanor is incredibly unique.  His voice had a soothing lull to it yet his questions were pointed and his answers were matter-of-fact.  He confirmed my suspicions but gave me some reassurance about my treatment by giving me options. He suggested that I start by prescribing topical cream and antibiotics. His other option was potentially a more permanent solution. He suggested laser treatment that he performs on site.  He said I could setup an appointment anytime but only after exhausting my prescription refills.  I was reluctant at the thought of laser treatment at first but after about 3 months with the prescriptions I needed another option. The cream came with great results but required that I avoid the sun. Summer fast approaching which coincided with rosacea's time of year to flourish, the medicines would be too restrictive. I called his office to make an appointment for my 30 minute long laser treatment. When I arrived this time, the staff scuttled me to the only room with radiation symbols affixed to the door and surrounding frame. Dr. Brown walked in adorned with radiation garb, slathered my face with some numbing cream, and asked through his protective mask if I wanted the intense 1 time V-beam treatment or the 2-3 times medium to low treatment.  I told him to crank it up! He then did something that surprised me. He turned to me, lifted his goggles and mask, looked me in the eyes, and explained exactly what was about to happen.  He made it clear it would hurt and I would be scarred. He was not joking!  Imagine someone taking a rubber band and snapping it on your cheeks, nose and forehead 100 times. It was excruciating!  When the treatment was done and the proverbial smoke cleared, he turned to me again, lifted his goggles and mask, looked me in the eyes and told me "You're not leaving until you have seen yourself in the mirror. I need to know that you are ok with what you see.  I need to see your physical reaction to what is looking back at you." This is what I like most about his treatment.  At every step, he wanted an educated patient.  He wanted no surprises. The scarring was difficult to look at but he and I agreed that I can function normally with just a few minor accommodations. I drove home shortly after treatment with the visor down at night, afraid of what other drivers would think.  I started looking better after 2 weeks of healing and after 3 months there wasn't a single purple scar or redness nor burning sensation anywhere!  I couldn't, and still can't believe it years later, that my rosacea is gone!  My self esteem has grown.  My thoughts of others looking at my face are gone.  My skin is smooth and I'm not reluctant to look in a mirror.  I got rid of the green cover-up and gained a sense of pride.  A heavy dose of Dr. Brown is exactly what I needed because he delivered far more than what I had ever expected!
5	I struggled with cystic acne for YEARS before visiting Dr. Thompson and Dr. Brown.  I went to med-spas, got chemical peels, microdermabrasions, used the Clarisonic, bought expensive cleansing agents, washed my face 3 times a day, tried birth control and antibotics and hormone suppressants.  Absolutely nothing worked until this summer when I visited the Dermatologic Laser Center and they prescribed Accuntane for my condition.  It is a busy practice so it can be hard to get the appointment time you want BUT I've never waited more than 5 minutes to see the doctor.  I feel like the whole staff really listens to me and educates me about my options, and thoroughly answers all my questions.  I have seen an AMAZING improvement in my skin and will be forever grateful to the people who work at the Dermatologic Laser Center.  Thanks y'all!!!
