5	I always make a point of visiting Bann's whenever I am in Edinburgh. I am by no means a vegetarian, in fact I looove ma meat! But the food here is amazing. It's like they overcompensated for the lack of meat by adding delicious flavours to everything else. So you get amazing food, beautifully presented and affordable too. Fandabbydozee!
5	My daughter and I visited Edinburgh two years ago and discovered David Bann's excellent vegetarian restaurant. We returned to London this October with my son and wife for a conference and made it a special point to visit beautiful Edinburgh and have another fine meal at this wonderful restaurant. Oh, by the way, the castle is great, too. Thank you Mr. Bann.
5	i thought my food options in scotland would be limited to potatoes, mashes, and some forms of potatoes, but this place completely changed my perception of edinburgh's culinary culture.the first time we came here on a friday night, we couldn't get a table, so we made a reservation for the following night. if you are planning to come for dinner, it is advisable to make a reservation before hand.we had the leek and potato soup - bursting with flavors and incredibly yummy (i am not a fan of potatoes). the lentil tart was right on in every aspect - taste, texture, and surprises. the aubergine and mash dish was beautiful and full of taste (i even like the mash). we ended the occasion with the pear and passion fruit tart - one of the best dessert that i have had last year. our waiter had a great sense of humor - the service was good and friendly. i really like their romantic, stylish, and tranquil decor.warning: eating here might cause a foodgasm.
5	Heavenly.Fantastic service.  Excellent tasty food, especially the curry they had on the menu.  We loved it so much, we went back a few days later.This place delivers!!!
4	I have to admit - I was surprised when I saw the really good reviews below me, so I had to take everything they have said into account....but I didn't like it so much! I wouldn't say I was an especially big meat-eater - I don't really like red meat but I must admit I missed it in here.The restaurant is lovely though, very swish. Yeah, I used the word swish.For a vegeterian, it is brilliant. I've lost count of the amount of times my vegeterian friends have had to settle for the only one option on a menu they can eat, but in here they can have their pick!I think I might have had the same curry as Jay V below me, but I really didn't like it. It's all about preferences I suppose.For vegeterians - BRILLIANTFor everyone else - Meh
5	Outstanding! Great food and excellent serviceVeggie or not, you'll have a feat meal here
4	our starters were absolutely amazing, yet our entrees fell a little short.  maybe we ordered things that strayed from our taste aesthetics, but we were slightly disappointed, though it was definitely edible.  maybe our starter dishes simple set the bar very high.this all vegetarian with vegan options menu had just enough selection to warrant another visit, yet not so much one would feel confused where to start.the staff was great.  no one person helped us, but our very attentive staff also did not inundate us with too much attention.i liked so much about this place, i would love to give it a five, and if i do get the chance to visit again, i'm hoping that will change the rating i gave it.
5	Went there during my visit to Edinburgh based on yelp reviews.Luckily our hotel was quite cloes by this place so we went there for lunch.Interior was pretty modern and tidy. Liked it.We ordered Aubergine+mashed potato dish and something Kefta with almond sauce (Sorry, not sure about the names we ordered).To be honest, I was a bit worried about this place even though the reviews were good because I am not a vegiterian.But as soon as I and my boyfriend tasted dishes, we regreted that we worried. It was heavenly good, not to mention very hearthy...!!I could feel that dishes were very well and healthily prepared. No doubt.In Edinburgh, I strongly recommend here along with Thedogs I visited on my first day. Just go there. You won't regret :)
3	Hmm. I'm not a vegetarian, but on occasion (jn any restaurant, not just vegetarian ones) I will have the none meat option just for a change.So, slightly pathetically, I was looking forward to a meal at David Bann's with some vegetarian friends of mine. The restaurant itself is fine - nothing special, but pleasant enough. The food looks and smells amazing when you see it being given to other customers, however, the menu just doesnt make anything sound appatising at all - in the end, one I had told the waiter several times I wasnt ready to order because nothing grabbed my attention, I went for some mushroon something or other, and , not suprisingly, I wasnt impressed. My vege friends love this polace, possibly because they feel like they have to - but I wasnt impressed.
4	I'd heard alot about this place, but I love eating meat so I've been putting off a visit.On David's recommendation I got the brioche with asparagus and shallots, it was outstanding. The produce tastes unbelievably fresh, like they plucked it out the ground a few hours prior. I was really impressed by the selection of wines that they had (and the sample glasses we were offered).The only problem is that I left feeling very hungry, even after 3 courses.
5	On the rare occasion that I find myself in a vegetarian eatery, I feel a bit like the Copper from The Wicker Man. It's safe to say I view with suspicion anyone who wouldn't be happy to tear a newborn spring lamb limb from limb, and I often imagine the eyes of the sacrilegious beetroot bashers digging  into me, looking for a weakness to exploit.I've not been burned alive by them, yet, and whilst I will never turn to their sordid ways, David Bann did a not bad job of tempting me with the Tofu and Red Pepper Noodles. I wasn't surprised that they were good, but was surprised they were that good, and just how meaty the tofu tasted.
3	Oh David, you were doing so well with your food I would love to give you a four star or even five, but your staff are awful. My friend suggested here in order to accomodate my vegetarian proclivities... which alwaysmakes me happy - the options you get in vegetarian restaurants are always more exciting than non. David Bann did not disappoint. We didn't try any of the starters but they did sound mouthwatering - instead heading directly for the mains. I had the kofte, which were undersalted (I know, vegetarians do increase their salt but... honestly I swear it needed more) and the sauces really didn't soak in too well, but overall, I enjoyed my meal. My friends both had the lentil dish, which looked fabulous and apparently tasted the same as well. For dessert, we had the lime and ginger ice cream (tasty!), the peach and vanilla tart (paired with mint ice cream, both singularly good but together didn't work as well), and the lemon and raspberry pousset. Oh yes, I did snigger somewhat at that one, until I tasted it... and I had to turn serious in order to enjoy every mouthful. So that was the food. Yum, yum and yum. Service - apart from the main waiter and the girl who first ushered me in - was poor bordering on insulting. The main server being one who didn't seem to have a sense of humour (ok, so I was a little hyper, so I will let him off) - and couldn't remember who had ordered what, my least favourite moment was when some other waitress passing by threw my friends coffee on the table whilst talking to someone else behind us. Err, thanks for that, you can kiss your tip goodbye, honey. When we left, there was a big queue of people. Perhaps that is why the staff think they can be a little offhand with punters but honestly, you can make and break places based on lack of courtesy. I would like to go back, but I think I would be a little unwilling based on service.
4	Warm, stylish settings + good food = very worthwhile place to try.Food: started out with the parsnip soup, which was very welcome on the chilly, rainy evening. My main was a plate of three kofta balls, which I was excited to see on the menu and consumed with enthusiasm. My only disappointment was there wasn't more kofta to eat! I ended the evening with orange vanilla cheesecake - a nice way to wrap up the meal.Service: friendly and attentive at first, but by the the time the meal was over, I felt a little neglected. I had to flag someone for my check after sitting there for five minutes. Not a biggie, as the food was so good!
4	Wide ranging menu with choices that should appeal not just to vegetarians but all members of your party - great location, hip atmosphere, and, when I was there at least, pleasant staff. Food was honestly made and tasty...if you're hungry and on a budget, get the huge bowlof soup. Fresh squeezed OJ available if you're craving a dose of vitamin C. If you're veg, this is worth seeking out and was recommended by a local who claims it's a much better place to go than Henderson's.
5	Highly recommended.When you have vegetarian and vegan visitors it's always a challenge finding somewhere that properly caters for them.  David Bann ONLY caters for these weirdos ;-) but does it extremely well.I've been three or four times now and would choose to go with or without the mekons.
4	One of my travel books said David Bann is one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh and a cannot-miss.  Plus, it's vegetarian.  I'm not vegetarian, but was for several years, so I appreciated the idea of an upscale restaurant only serving vegetarian meals.  I think the menu has enough variety to keep veggies and meat eaters satisfied.  I ordered the roasted aubergine with puy lentils, mash and puff pastry for my entree and the hot peach and raspberry tart for dessert.  Really tasty stuff and I would definitely go back again.My only complaint is service seemed a bit slow.  It took forever to get my drink order and we also sat around for ages waiting for the bill.  But, all in all, a beautiful restaurant with a very date-y vibe.
5	Eating here was one of the highlights of our visit to Edinburgh. Upon lots of research, we decided David Bann was the one restasurant we HAD to go to for a romantic, dressed up meal before drinks. We were seated by the window, but I wouldn't recommend sitting there. We had to pull the shades down because directly across the restaurant is a hotel or a hostel and there were people watching our date from the window - not exactly great for the mood. We ordered appetizers, glasses of wine, and a few dishes. Since we are both vegetarians, my boyfriend and I often go for the same menu item but decided to opt for different dishes and ended up eating out of eachothers plates for the whole meal in what was blissful silence. We are Indian, so to eat Indian food in a non-Indian establishment is always humurous to both of us, but it was flavorful and delicious. It was a twist on a classic dish but we loved every bite. The portions were generous, the ambiance was romantic, and we had such a special experience there.And a few nights later, we ran into David Bann himself at a restaurant. It turns out he was sitting a table or two away from us at an Indian restaurant we were dining in and is a regular there. I would recommend this restasurant to anybody and would go back any day I could for a special meal. It was worth every single cent we paid and will remain as the best vegetarian restaurant we have ever been to, the world over...we'll see what can surprass it!Ask your waiter for suggestions - they have tried and fallen in love with dishes that you may also fall for. David Bann is mind-blowing! Do NOT miss it!
3	Sometimes... the heart goes fonder, and completely overlooks all the negatives of a place. And so it goes for David Bann. Now, what I did remember was that it was hit or miss, to excess, but I didn't remember why. But re-reading (thankfully something I didn't do before else I might never have returned) reminded me that service and food is something that David Bann is inconsistent with. Now, this time, I had tomato and basil soup with smoked mushroom ravioli. Oh, sweet lord, I almost turned to religion in my ecstasy over the common tomato soup, because DB has it down pat - I've never tasted such a refreshing, taste-bomb of a bowl. when you add the ravioli to the mix, the heady smoky flavour (think Belhaven smokery, if you know it... if not, well, it's really strong in the smoky department) of the mushroom made it a powerful companion. The Silent Reviewer's roasted veg on brioche was... dull by comparison, and there was no way we could see a way to make it sound more exciting than it was. Every bite he took, the envy on his face grew, with a hint of regret for not going with the same as me. For the mains, I had the rice pancake with spiced-up chickpeas, cauliflower and cashews (all the c's really did sound inspiring). What I thought was going to be relatively light turned out to be a dense heavy stodgy pancake with a clumsily spiced stuffed - it was alright, but to be honest, it wasn't well executed or a memorable dish.The Silent Reviewer had the chili filo tart stuffed with butter and kidney beans. My honest reaction from the description on the menu (and not one I often say unless it revolves around something like macaroni cheese)... it sounded like something I would make at home, and don't take that as some indicator that I am some sort of gastronomic superstar, because I really am not. And it tasted like it was... another dish of forgettable value - for me the best bit was the swede chunky chips - they were delicious, but the SR just looked depressed. We finished up sharing the lemon and raspberry posset (which I had the last time... amazeballs again) and the vanilla and orange cheesecake. Once I slowed down enough, I realised that the cheesecake was absolutely fabulous in a rather muted way. Now, when I say muted, it is because throughout the meal, I had felt more and more rushed. Several times we had to turn the waitress away as we were asked yet again for drinks and menu orders. When ordering the soup we were warned it would take ten mins to prepare. Ten mins? I would assume it would take ten mins for my starter to be prepped anyway, why should that be seen as slow? But that was only a precursor to what happened next. Main course turned up almost as soon as our starters were cleared. Dessert order taken and promptly arrived within minutes. I literally had to pick up my spoon to make like I was still eating in order to keep the overeager staff at bay (this was where I stubbornly slowed down and realised, actually my dessert was pretty good) as I caught out of the corner of my eye the waitress charging towards our table again. I felt rushed, that I ate too fast and ultimately didn't really enjoy the experience. Except for the soup - everything is forgiven for that. By the time we were back in the car, it had just turned 9pm. We were seated for 7:30pm - and in that time had knocked back a 3 course meal. I had barely reached half a glass of wine by dessert (seriously, that would normally be a bottle and me eyeing up the liqueur menu). So I think that is definitely my last trip to David Bann - service and food just are not up to scratch for me - at least not in a consistent enough manner for me to want to return. Definitely a 'Must Try Harder' on the report card.
5	After getting kind of tired of the typical great pub food of Scotland, my family and I decided to come here. This vegetarian fare is AMAZING - seriously. A bit pricey, of course, but totally beats pretty much all other vegetarian restaurant food I have had. The service was also great, and I had super good eggplant here.
4	High end Vegetarian! What a treat!I've paid two visits here, two years apart, and been delighted both times. Really tasty, beautifully presented food and plenty of choice (though as I'm not a fan of beetroot, I was slightly limited; the house tomato sauce also seemed to make more appearances that I would have thought was strictly necessary).The two dishes I enjoyed most were an Asian-style smoked tofu stir fry on udon noodles on my first visit, and the mushroom ravioli starter on my second. Both were really delicious, with excellent, well-balanced flavours. The ambience is relaxing and classy, though perhaps the view I had, into the kitchen, on my second visit, didn't fully take advantage of this!
5	This was an excellent restaurant. The hubs and I had a great meal here. Everything we tried was fantastic, portions were a good size and there was a great selection. Usually one or two things draw the eye but on this menu, everything sounded really good. I ate here back in February and I wish I could remember what I ate-I think it was a blue cheese and tomato tart..it was so good. Would definitely return if we are ever back in Edinburgh.
4	I happened to convince my travel companion to come for one (relatively expensive) meal at a vegetarian restaurant during my trip around Scotland.Overall, my experience at David Bann was fantastic and, if my schedule allowed for it, I would have eaten there every day during my visit. The atmosphere is more on the intimate/romantic side but I'd happily eat there with family and friends too. When our food came, the dishes had nice flavours and were well prepared, covering a number of different types of cuisine, including classic English, Thai and Indian. There were a few really nice touches on the menu, and the broad choice made it hard to make a selection, as it all sounded good. The pasta main I had (tofu and spaghetti in a tomato sauce; see photo) was very good. The servers were very pleasant, knowledgeable and more than willing to answer any questions. Though it's not a 'cheap' meal, it's well worth the money!
5	This is my favourite restaurant in the whole world. The dishes are amazing and delicious! I really hope that David will come out with a cookbook so that I can make them at home as I don't live here!
5	This became my favorite restaurant in Edinburgh on my very first visit. Everything I've tried here has been delicious. I love creative vegetarian cuisine, and David Bann does it right. I hear the menu changes seasonally, and I can't wait to give it a try in spring, summer, and fall. As for winter, my favorite dishes have been the jeruselem artichoke and celeriac puff pastry and the beetroot, apple and blue cheese pudding. The atmosphere is relaxed but elegant, and the service has always been friendly.
4	Went to this vegetarian restaurant with a group. Friendly staff and good interior. The menu was a good variety of choices and a good wine list with a multiple per glass options. Restaurant was full when we left which is always a good sign.
4	Like Jenny, Elizabeth and Menno, we all headed here to try David Bann last night for a wee Yelper meal out. Most of us had heard great things about David Bann and were desperate to try it and although I've given it 4*, it is closer to a 3.5* but we can't do 1/2 stars.So what I liked: I've been in a fair few vegetarian and vegan restaurants around the world whilst travelling and they all seem to have that hippy, patchouli oil feel to them so it was nice to come somewhere that was more upmarket - wooden floors, candles, lovely simple decor. There is a separate Gluten Free menu and there is plenty of choice. I was particularly impressed by the desserts. I didn't partake this time but there was plenty of temptation beyond ice-cream or sorbets so that would sway me to return. GF oatcakes as a starter is a nice touch - so many places offer gf options but no bread or oatcakes and tucking in and breaking bread is such a ritual when eating out, so its nice not being the odd one out.Menu's sounded tempting and I did struggle to decide between a few options (again - choice is good) and as it has been a hellish month at work, then the large glass of red tempranillo I ordered was delish - lovely, warming and smooth.I probably opted for the wrong starter. I had the Thai Fritters which were ok but I didn't like the banana relish which came with it and it meant they were too similar to my main which was the aubergine and chickpea koftas. The koftas were nice and tasty enough but I did notice varying amounts of sauce on everyone's plate (mines was limited) so I ate them with raita mostly. I just noticed that Jenny has called this coconut sauce and it was meant to be this, but I am certain it was raita on my plate and I liked this. I would have liked the pineapple chutney to have been separated from the raita (raita dumped on top) so I could get all the different flavours. I was ok with the rice compared to Jenny L but I do like rice plain and I'm not a huge coriander fan so I was glad this wasn't the overwhelming flavour.Service was good - staff appeared well organised (little grid used when taking orders so they knew what food went where).So what I didn't like:David Bann has a high end reputation. I was thinking Mark Greenaway but pure veggies. This is not the case. This was disappointing.It is expensive for what you get - my food was ok but I wasn't wowed. If I describe things as nice then its ok, not mind blowing and nice doesn't justify this price tag. A few pounds cheaper and it might be ok but it may be a case of paying for the old town location.I actually thought the presentation was quite basic so although the restaurant was visually appealing, the food wasn't as much. Also the one dish that did look appealing was the mushroom loaf Menno had and that was the one dish that did look like a meaty Sunday roast (with lots of sauce!)...I have a friend who is vegetarian who does come here, so I would maybe go again, if only to ditch the starters and try the desserts. I'm sure he'd for once like a menu on one of our nights out where he can chose anything from it, not be restricted to one or two items. But for vegetarian newbies to Edinburgh, I don't think I'd be saying 'OMG you MUST go to David Bann...'
4	Well. I never thought I'd see the day I'd give a vegetarian restaurant 4 whole stars!   Seriously though, I was a bit skeptical of whether I'd enjoy our group meal at a veggie place but I couldn't fault it. For starters I was torn between the ravioli and the walnut gnocchi salad but in the end I opted for the latter. It was delish! Not the type of gnocchi I was expecting, they were fried rather than boiled, but v tasty nevertheless. They were served on a bed of baby leaves and beetroot which had some kind of sweet and salty glaze to them. Drool... The smoked cheese cubes sprinkled over the top gave the dish another dimension. Different textures and different taste sensations. Can't believe I'm waxing lyrical over a salad!!! For main I opted for the chickpea koftas which was served with coriander rice, a curry sauce and a cucumber and raita salad. I ate every bit! The koftas were soft with a nutty type texture. The sauce not overpowering but really complimented the dish well. Not a scrap was left on my plate! I did fully intend to have a dessert but between the fennel seed roll at the beginning and the 2 courses I honestly couldn't have managed a dessert (well actually I could have probably squeezed one in but I didn't want my fellow yelpers thinking I'm a greedy cow!). The service was great, the waitress really attentive and friendly and she didn't seem irritated by the fact a few of us has to pay separately as we were leaving earlier. The wine menu was pretty extensive and I opted for a cheeky glass of Spanish Tempranillo which was served at the perfect temperature. Mint and citrus water for the table and boom! An excellent experience through and through!Would I go back? Actually, yes! Although the lure of meat from other nice restaurants might prove too much for me. I just wish i had a token vegetarian friend to give me the excuse to go back! Unfortunately all mine are die hard carnivores :(
3	I decided to go to David Bann on a Tuesday night for my first dinner out with a group of Yelpers after seeing some great reviews and comments on Yelp about how much people were looking forward to going.  I took a look at the menu online and was attracted by the desserts in particular.  They also have a photo gallery with pics of some of the dishes and these looked amazing!  I did think it was a little on the pricey side, but if it was superior quality then it could be worth it, so I had high expectations.As I definitely wanted a dessert, I decided I would just have a starter and no main.  I was also trying not to spend too much.  I was disappointed with my Thai fritters of smoked tofu and broccoli with peas, fresh ginger, green chilli, lime leaf, lemongrass, sesame and coriander, served with fresh banana chutney and plum dressing.  Firstly I was expecting fritters would be flat...well, fritters!  Not round balls like they were. I certainly couldn't detect the lime leaf, lemongrass, ginger or coriander which are flavours that I really like.  Along with the other ingredients, these were overpowered by the smokiness of the tofu, although to be fair, I'm not a fan of anything smoked.  The was a hint of heat from the herbs and spices, but again I couldn't pick the flavours.  The dressings were nice, although the banana chutney was rather sweet and I would never have guessed it was banana.After waiting for others to finish their mains, it was finally dessert time :).  I know some of the others had been eyeing up dessert also, so I didn't think I was going to be alone. However, as I turned out to be the only one wanting to order and some others were already about to leave, I didn't want to make anyone else wait for me.  so I left unsatisfied and wish I had just gone ahead with the dessert now as don't think it would have taken me too long to devour!It was only when we left that I realised how busy the restaurant had become - almost full on a Tuesday night.I wouldn't choose to go back for a main meal, but shall have to go back for dessert I think - Homemade ginger and lime ice cream served in a chocolate ganache bowl on orange drizzle cake anyone?
3	Eating with a vegetarian daughter is remarkably easy in Scotland.  Every restaurant we looked at had clearly marked vegetarian and vegan options, and all servers were knowledgeable about the provenance of the stock that made the soup and happy to accommodate us.  And that is apart from the plentiful Indian restaurants which have extensive vegetarian options.  So, exclusively vegetarian restaurants are not as important in Edinburgh as they might be elsewhere.  David Bann's menu is interesting and eclectic, and the food was pretty good, but I wasn't bowled over by my risotto or goat cheese and tomato tart.  My husband's mushroom strudel was better.
2	I am very sad to write this review, honestly I am.  I've been looking forward to trying David Bann for months, especially after several Yelpers raved about it.  I'm a big meat eater but love a veggie option time and again and an entire restaurant dedicated to vegetarian cuisine- sounds good to me!  But man oh man, David Bann really let me down.My office made a lunch reservation for 5 people and I was so excited to come and try out the food that everyone has been raving about.  First off, the waitress took us to a table for four, despite the reservation being for five. Then we sat and waited for fifteen minutes for a drink order.  My boss finally had to get up and ask if we could order.  Then she had to get up again and ask for a refill.  We didn't get to order any food until twenty minutes in, and then we waited 35 minutes for the food to come out!  If the place were busy I would understand, but there was only two other tables in.  When we finally asked about the food we were told that two of the dishes took a long time to prepare, but no one informed us of this when we ordered- we're in for lunch, we don't have the time to wait 35 minutes for food after waiting twenty to order a pitcher of water!  The food came out and I had serious order envy.  My colleague had a beetroot and blue cheese something that looked and tasted amazing.  My veggies and noodles were... underwhelming.  They lacked flavour and honestly I could have made it myself. But with only five main dishes on the menu I felt like i had very little options.  Basically the lunch was unpleasant.  My boss ended up having to get up five times to ask for things: refills, food, the bill.  And at 13 pounds for my dish I was very disappointed.  I've had better dishes at takeaways for so much cheaper.  And the service: I haven't had service that bad at a restaurant in a LONG time.  It was so bad I actually wrote in to the restaurant to complain, and I NEVER do that.  Seriously, NEVER.  I work in the industry and have a lot of patience, but our entire experience was ridiculous.  I've been looking forward to David Bunn for so long, but I won't be back.  Like I said, I've had so much better food at dozens of other places for much, much cheaper.
4	Went here for dinner with a few friends and I must admit I was not totally Au fait with giving it four stars. It's more like a 3.5 for me than a 4. The menu is good and the place was packed on a Monday night. It is obviously popular and probably not reliant on my review for success ;-))The choices are better than you expect in a vegetarian place and the food is served beautifully and looks good. My starter was served beautifully but it lacked flavour for what was a thai inspired starter. My main course tasted delicious but it felt like there were three different meals on one plate as none of it went together but individually tasted excellent. In general the food lacked a bit of seasoning. The wine list is nice and reasonable and the service is also good. It is a cut above many places that serves vegetarian food but for the prices you pay I expect more. I would come back here however won't hurry back.
4	The food here is quite good. The staff are very good and professional. The setting is intimate, relaxed and also modern. A wonderful place to go for a coffee and something, lunch or dinner. It has a real warm atmosphere about it. They offer interesting menus, and even non-vegetarians could really enjoy it. The problem I have is that they do not vary their menu often enough. I think it has been the same for over a year now. It would be nice to add new things at least as specials, or re-do the menu for the seasons, or at least annually. I always hope for different choices when I go, and am slightly disappointed with this one aspect.
1	I have to say the 1 star is for decor!. I am sorry to say we were looking forward to this dinner, booking a month in advance from San Francisco. We found the service confusing and off. Our first course came 10 minutes before the starting cocktail! This made us think twice about ordering a bottle of wine...thinking we were going to have a great culinary experience. Didn't happen. After 5 bites into the entree I was looking for the check and wanting to find food else ware. I hate giving bad reviews. Maybe it was an off night.
4	Food is made to order and quite quick considering this. The staff were friendly and atmosphere relaxed. As vegans my friend and I were happy to see that most items on the menu could be made to fit our requirements. The red pepper risotto was good but my friends cashew pie was far more interesting and on my next visit ill probably order this. Reasonably priced with good vegan options and a nice atmosphere.
5	Lovely place! I was met with a smile and the waiter was straight over. He was charming, patient and efficient. I chose things I'd never tried before including a pudding with parsnips and blue cheese. Everything was beautifully cooked and tasty. My red wine arrived at room temperature which was perfect. When it came time to leave I found I had no cash for a tip so I emptied my purse. Sorry Mr Waiter, it was everything I had! Next time I'll come prepared :-)
