3	The doctors here are actually really good.  The only thing is that their website makes the claim that they have fewer patients so that they can give quality, personalized care and this is just simply not the case.  It is a factory over there.  I had two procedures done by Dr. Dyer and he is a great doctor, but he DOES NOT DO FOLLOW UPS AFTER A PROCEDURE.  You will go to his assistant for follow ups and if you're having problems, you still won't see the doctor unless she communicates to him that you really need to see him.  The doctors are too busy to follow up with their patients so they have an assistant do it .  I ended up in the ER twice   I was actually in  the office with concerns the day of or day before and could not see the doctor, only the PA who told me everything was normal.
5	A couple months ago, I had to see an ENT and I had called around to a couple of offices and was very pleased right off the bat by the friendliness and sincere concern offered by the staff at Entegrity over the phone. They were able to fit me in the next morning, which was fantastic!Once I was checked in and all my new patient paperwork was filled out (very quick process) I had virtually no wait time before Dr Bailey came in. Again, he showed sincere concern for how I was feeling and offered several options to ensure that the treatment fit my needs.I've had to see him again for a separate issue and the staff at Entegrity as well as Dr Bailey were consistent with their amazing care.
5	I saw Dr Lykin and thought he was very professional. He'll take the extra time needed to answer any questions and he's very friendly. He took the time to checkup on me at the hospital the day after the surgery. The scar after my surgery was very small and other medical professionals have commented on how good it looks. The office does offer forms on their website that you can fill out prior to your visit which is great way to save time. The biggest surprise was the refund I received because I was overcharged for my surgery. The office probably could have kept the amount which was over $100 and I wouldn't have known. So I think their name is fitting.
2	Dr. Lykins was great...but the office staff was horrible!  He saw my two kids (2 and 4) to have tubes removed.  Not sure why I had to come back for the second appointment, but I think it was a $$ thing...anyway, suppose to have surgery in two days and I canceled both!   The office insisted that I had to pay before the surgery (to the tune of $35)...but they hadn't billed for the kids last appointment.  If they had we would be at our deductible and owe NOTHING!  The lady argued with me about it...I was so upset, I have another appointment for the kids on Monday with another ENT to have their tubes out...what a circus!
1	Lacks Integrity, So i was referred to Entegrity about a  consultation on possibly having surgery. My visit was  all of about 3 minutes where the doctor took a look and said that i might want to consider surgery. I opted not to do the surgery, and then got a bill for $744.00, of course my insurance paid half but i was on the hook for the rest. I called in and tried to qualify why i would have to pay for a simple consultation, the ladies at billing were matter of fact about what I had owed. $740.00 for a simple consultaion that took 2 minutes.I would make sure that you know what they are going to charge you before going into their office. I wonder if the insurance companies know that they are over billing when ever they can. Complete rip off. They should be ashamed,
4	I've known Dr. Lykins socially for several years.  When my allergist told me I needed to see a ENT and that surgery was probably inevitable, I broke my rule of not seeing friends for care or services.   He was extremely thorough and went through my CT scans with me to show me what was going on.  He also described in detail what the surgery would entail and what I could expect in regards to recovery.  They were able to schedule my surgery relatively quickly which was a relief because I had to be on antibiotics until I could get this procedure done.  Surgery was yesterday and as far as I can tell, it went great.  My pain levels are surprisingly low (about what they were pre-surgery which is exactly what Dr. Lykins said).  It's too soon to tell how successful this will be in addressing the chronic issues I've been having but all in all, the experience was great.  I would highly recommend Dr. Lykins and his staff.
1	Entegrity...hmm...a play on words for Integrity?  I don't think so, not even close.  For this office, it's all about the almighty dollar.  I have no issue with the mounds of paperwork I have to fill out each time I come in....but really, how many copies of my insurance card does your office need?  I don't even get upset when I have to sit for 20 minutes before and after I get taken back to see someone.  I'm a bit unnerved when the original issue I came in for is not addressed by the doctor and instead I am herded into other treatments.   I get a little frustrated when I have to jump through hoops to get a refill on my sublingual meds.  I get upset when I get charged a co-pay for a "check in" visit for the previously mentioned at-home self administered medication every 3 months.  I get angry when I am charged a $100 fee for rescheduling an appointment.  Had I been dishonest regarding my situation and kept the appointment instead of informing the office (who did not mention the fee during the reschedule), I would have only been charged my normal co-pay.   However, I get REALLY angry when I am condescended to by the staff.  I agree with the other reviewers regarding the staff being snippy, unaccommodating, argumentative and downright RUDE.   They will not listen to explanations, instead they will site "notes" that were written by their incompetent co-workers.  Entegrity, do you call all of your customers liars?Bottom line....This office does not value its customers, only their wallets.  Take your business and hard earned cash somewhere else.  I know I will.
1	Find another ENT specialist! This was the most unprofessional medical office I've ever visited. The ladies at the front desk simply sat and discussed their tailgating party the entire time and ignored my requests for an answer as to why it was taking over 75 minutes for us to be seen by the doctor. They were rude and condescending. I urge anyone seeking a professional, trustworthy ENT doctor to look elsewhere.
1	My husband and 7-year old son met with Dr. Bailey at the beginning of December to discuss allergy treatment options for my son. I wasn't there, but my husband felt very good about Dr. Bailey, who seems to be a good doctor. However, the follow-up and communication from this office are absolutely horrible and unprofessional. First, we had to transfer my son's medical records from another office. Then, we waited to hear back from Entegrity to know if my son would be a good candidate for sublingual drops treatment. We waited several weeks and I had to finally call twice to learn that, yes, indeed, my son was a good candidate and that I could order the $200+ treatment for 3 months (not covered by insurance) and pay with my credit card over the phone. I did call back (at least twice) to order the treatment and was told I would get another call to pick-up the treatment. My credit card was promptly charged, and after 10 days, I was still waiting for a call back. I called myself (again) to be told I could come pick-up the treatment at any time without an appointment. I came with my husband and son on a Monday morning, and was just handed a case and 2 forms to sign (including a waiver of liability). No word about the treatment. I asked to talk to someone before signing anything, and then was told that I didn't have an appointment, so I would have to wait! We ended up spending a good hour at the office to finally see someone who answered our questions about the treatment. I was told that in the notes it said the doctor had called us to go over the details (neither my husband not I ever got a call from anyone). Dr. Bailey might be good, and the treatment worth it, but the communication (or lack thereof) is appalling. Do something, Entegrity!
2	I debated on reviewing this place after my initial visit and thought it wasn't worth it. About 7 months later I had an experience with them again and realized my initial suspicions about them were correct. Last year I was diagnosed with cancer in my neck & the surgeon who did my biopsy referred me to this place kind of out of nowhere. I had gone to see him on a Thursday for a follow-up (for what was most likely going to be the last time for awhile) & that Monday I was set to start chemotherapy. He thought it was a good idea to see an ENT thinking maybe they could add something to my diagnosis and/or treatment. I thought it was odd to do this so last minute (If I wasn't able to see the ENT the next day...which I was, I even asked my surgeon if he thought I should delay chemo until after I saw the ENT, but he didn't think that was necessary). He was pretty insistent that I go to THIS ENT office. My dad had just got done seeing an ENT for a throat condition, which he (and I) really liked, but my surgeon said he "never heard of him" and REALLY wanted me to go to this office (I looked up info on then ENT my dad saw and he has a very good reputation).I saw Dr. Bailey the following morning. Honestly, I thought he was a good doctor based on the initial exam I had with him. He was thorough & very personable. Since my appointment was scheduled so quickly he didn't have a whole lot of information going in and said he would consult my surgeon and get back to me. I never heard from his office again, but honestly, I didn't think much of it. I was starting chemo and was focused on that. Unless one of my doctors felt it was absolutely necessary to have an ENT involved with my treatment I was fine with never dealing with this office again (not because of Dr. Bailey, like I said, he seemed good) but I already had enough going on with chemo & eventually radiation. That being said, I thought the manner in which I was scheduled to come into this office in the first place (and then never hearing from them again) was kind of tacky & it came across like they were just looking for any reason out there to bring in patients (I also understand that my surgeon also shares some responsibility here).Well, with chemo & radiation complete I recently had a follow-up with my oncologist and he asked about all the doctors I had seen throughout this whole ordeal. He brought up Dr. Bailey (along with my other doctors), and at first I couldn't even remember who that was since I had only seen him the one time. When I said I only saw him once and that was before I started chemo, my oncologist said since technically I DID see him the one time during this whole process he would fax him my latest report (along with all my other doctors). Yesterday I get a phone call from Entegrity saying my oncologist wanted me to come into their office for a follow-up. I thought this was odd since he never mentioned this to me at my last visit (or called me afterwards to tell me this) so I told them I wanted to contact my oncologist's office before scheduling anything (and find out WHY he would want me to schedule something with an ENT). It turns out that he simply faxed them my report (like he said he was going to do), but never mentioned anything about coming back to them for a follow-up. My oncologist's assistant also seemed confused as to why this office wanted me to come back in after 7 months. If the ENT thought there was a reason to come back in based on my oncologist's report that's one thing, but to say my oncologist asked them to schedule me when he didn't is tacky.All this just confirmed my initial thoughts that this office comes across desperate for patients. Like I said, I thought Dr. Bailey was good based on my brief encounter with him (which is why I'm willing to give this place a 2nd star). However, I would never come back here...
1	I had a surgery performed by a physician at Entegrity Ear, Nose, and Throat about three years ago, and I am still in pain. In fact, the pain in my throat is far worse than the painful tonsillitis I suffered from prior to the surgery.  When I went back and told the doctor about my pain, he said pain happens to some patients and there is no telling how long it will last.  I can tell you, the pain radiates from my neck up to my ear and into my head bringing tears to my eyes, and this practice wants me to think this is normal!  I would be wary of ever, EVER, becoming a patient at this practice, if I were  looking for a good ENT go somewhere else. My physician was Jeffrey Dyer, and I think he is arrogant, incompetent, and unwilling to deal with the mess his unprofessional surgery creates. Find someone better!
2	Well this has been my first visit to entrigrity and I wish I had more to review, but I'm still waiting to be seen! Like most doctors offices, they asked me to arrive 15 minutes early. I did. It is now 54 minutes past my appointment time and still waiting to be seen. Hopefully, the doctor can make up for this. Still waiting...
2	Don't go here. I had a lot of issues with the front office lady. She was rude about my records that should have been transfered to the office. She pretty much did not want to deal with me. Dr bailey was nice but really didn't want to listen to what i had to say and had his own opinions about my vertigo issue. After that visit i never went back.He was highly recommended by my doctor but too much hassle and too far for me to drive.
1	I read the other reviews and only wish I had read them before taking time out of my own day to show up at Entegrity for an appointment. I had taken my daughter to Dr. Bailey in May and Thought he was a good doctor. He wanted to get another CT scan done on my daughter since it had been over a year and was done in California by another doctors office. The office was to call and schedule but never did. I, in the meantime needed to get in myself and scheduled an appointment. Once at the appointment in the waiting room, the office staff said they needed to verify my INSURANCE. they called my insurance and the office staff lady claimed that my Insurance was not in their network. She also claimed to have spoken to the office manager about it and unless I wanted to do a self pay, I would be unable to be seen that day. I called my Insurance company as soon as I left. They told me that they told the front office lady on phone , that they just needed to fill out a pre certification form and whatever balance they did not cover could be billed to patient. Shady? Yes. Dishonest staff as well as completly unable to follow directions due to they not wanting to actually take the time to do paperwork, also very shady. Plus, the office was only concerned that they  may not get paid by patient if a balance? So many things did not add up. My Insurance made notes regarding matter So I can pursue getting answers.  the funny thing is, I made 2 phone calls to the office manager and she has yet to return the phone calls. I suppose they are only at their jobs to collect their paychecks as they run the Doctors business with potential patients into the ground. I would not recommend going to this office only because of the lazy office staff. I feel sorry for the doctors that will and have lost patients due to the carelessness of employees.
1	I went to Dr. Bailey and he did my operation. He was good. I kept thinking though that the office people were a little rude and only thought of you as a number. After the operation Dr. Bailey kept requesting visits but my insurance changed last January and I could not afford it anymore. I had to owe less than 200 bucks out of pocket when the insurance ran out so I asked to make payments to pay them off. I sent the final payment in with a check in the amount of less than 100.00 wich was a couple of weeks late from it being due, but they were quick to send everything to a collection agent without giving me at least a call. They sent my final check back saying it was too late and that I had to contact their collections. Entegrity I think not. They could care less about you. They have an attitude that everyone is rich and you better pay up. Very none empathitic of your situation. Very horrible experience dealing with the condisending women in the billing department squaballing over a couple of hundred bucks when they made thousands off my insurance from me going there.
1	SO MANY MISTAKES!!!  Stay away from this place and it's doctors!  Don't risk your health and well being!
5	I've tried other ENT's only to be disappointed and see no results for my issue. Within 15 min of visiting with Dr. Lykins I felt I was in the right spot. He diagnosed my symptoms and had a plan by the second visit. I highly recommend Dr. Lykins.
1	PLEASE READ THIS before going to this office! !!!!I scheduled an appointment with Dr Dyer per a referral from my pcp 2 MONTH out, was the earliest appointment with Dr Dyer.  When scheduling my appointment they ASKED FOR MY INSURANCE CARD NUMBERS, which I gave them. I asked the receptionist to please send me the forms for new patients & she told me to go to their website and download them, which I did. I noticed the forms had NO PHONE NUMBER or ADDRESS of their office.  I did complete the formsWhich took about half an hour. I drove from south Scottsdale to their office today for my 2:00pm appointment.   I left my home@ 12:15 pm and arrived about 1:00 pm for my 2:00pm appointment.   First thing in the door, there were additional forms to fill out that weren't on their website AND they needed my INSURANCE CARDS AND A PHOTO'S ID, which I provided.  I sat in their waiting room until 1:50 pm when the two ladies at the reception desk called me up to say DR. DYER WON'T SEE ME TODAY because he doesn't take my insurance.   I asked to speak to the office manager since I spent 45 min. Driving there, 45 min. Back home and 1 hour sitting in their waiting room .....   I was called in by the OFFICE MANAGER Jackie Sides.  She had EVERY EXCUSE IN THE BOOK. she informed me Dr Dyer had been out of the country,  but has had the insurance forms on his desk for months, but hasn't filled them out yet to update his status with the insurance co.       I asked if Dr Dyer was in the office and Jackie Sides (OFFICE MANAGER) said he is in the office,  but WON'T SEE ME.  She offered to SQUEEZE me in with another Dr , WHICH I DECLINED. I TOLD HER, they have a lot of NERVE, wasting nearly 3 hours of my time.  I also SAID, Dr Dyer should see me at THEIR EXPENSE, since NO ONE CALLED ME to cancel on an insurance issue INSTEAD OF WASTING 3 HOURS OF MY TIME.     On a second note, the two ladies at the reception desk of ENTEGRITY ear, nose & throat were SOOOOOOO busy conversing, with NOT ONE PATIENT at the reception desk, the phone would ring and they would ask the patients to please hold.  Then a patient would walk in the office and the ladies would ask them to sign in and as soon as they were seated, the ladies would then ask them to come back up to the desk. Then ask them to come up again for things that THEY, the RECEPTIONIST missed.      I give this office a RATING OF (F-), I am now a senior and have been to many doctors offices and have N E V E R been treated like this.  Dr. Dyer should be ashamed of himself for 1., NOT SEEING me as scheduled,  REGARDLESS of insurance as they messed up, BUT, I feel he's putting money ahead of my medical needs.  Would it really have cost him to see me for a few minutes,  even if he had to waive his fee.       I WILL N E V E R SET FOOT BACK IN THAT ESTABLISHMENT AGAIN, WITH OR WITHOUT INSURANCE. SIM
4	I went to several ENT's without relief before trying this one. I was diagnosed and provided options by my second visit. I no longer have the breathing problems I once had. On a side note I never had any issues with the staff.
