4	I'm a sucker for popcorn, so when I saw a "now open" banner along with the "My Popcorn Kitchen" sign today, my car swerved around the parking lot and grabbed a spot right in front.  I swear, it was out of my control!It turns out, today was the first day this adorable little popcorn/candy shop was open... so lucky me, I get FTR (first to review)!Kim Brush, the owner, was front and center, and welcomed me as I walked in.  She also had a team of people working there that I assume were all training.  They were friendly although it was obvious that I was one of the first customers, so it took longer than necessary to package up my small bag of kettle corn.  The customer before me appeared to have been waiting awhile on her large bag of Puppy Chow (which looked pretty amazing).  The kettle corn I ordered was just the right balance of sweet and salty.  I had to dig deep to exercise my self-control and not demolish the entire bag in one sitting!I took a menu to go as well, and now as I look at it, I can't wait to go back to try more of the unique gourmet popcorn flavors.  Not only do they have the basics (Buttery and Low Salt), but they have all kinds of savory flavors including several different cheeses, Dill Pickle, Salt & Vinegar, and Southwest Jalapeno.  If you're more of a Caramel person, they've got you covered as well, and of course there are a rainbow of Fruity Delights and Decadent Chocolate flavors too!  Popcorn Bags come in all sizes from Mini to Party and range in price from $1 to $149.95.  You can also order tins, boxes, and/or pots of popcorn and this place ships anywhere in the U.S.A.Congrats on your Grand Opening, My Popcorn Kitchen.  Let the popcorn parties begin!
5	This new gourmet popcorn place really gets it right. I've tried 7 of their flavors so far and have been pretty impressed with all of them. They have a way of packing so much flavor into their popcorn that when you bite into each kernel, it's like a little flavor explosion goes off in your mouth. Here's a little breakdown of the flavors I've tried so far:Beer Cheddar - Holy Hell. Top ten things I've ever put in my mouth. Beer and Cheese in popcorn? You gotta be kidding. Ridiculously good. Jalapeno Cheddar - Not too spicy, a real nice soft Jalapeno flavor. Very good.Dill Pickle - Super flavorful pickle flavor. If you like dill pickles, you'll like this.Spicy Carmel - Really interesting to have a slightly spicy twist on the normal sweet carmel flavor. Another winner.Kettle - They got just the right mix of sweet and salty, one of the better Kettle popcorns I've tried.Spicy Buffalo Wings - Woah, spicy! I like that something labeled spicy is actually genuinely spicy for a change. Amazing flavor on this one as well, but only try this if you can handle a good amount of spice.Meyer Lemon - Good Lemon flavor. I'm not a big fan of sweet candy'ish popcorn like this, so it wasn't my thing...but if you are into sweeter popcorn you'd probably love this.Overall, this is an awesome new local business that you need to check out if you're in the area. I'm already pretty much addicted to it. My new pre-movie routine will now consist of getting a really good bag of popcorn here and taking it to the movie theater with me. Can't beat getting a decent size bag of high quality popcorn here for about the same price that you'd pay for the inconsistent stuff at the movies. 4.5/5 stars.
5	Want to get a party poppin' With over 30 flavors to select from, one can find a flavor for any occasion.  I've been in there a little bit too much, getting snacks for the office as well as snacks for clients/meetings.  A mini is a great size to try out different flavors.  From savory selections like Beer Cheddar, Sour Cream and Chives, fruity flavors, Strawberry or Pineapple to sweet blends, Kettle corn and Butterfinger!  Love the Puppy Chow mixture of popcorn, chex mix and pretzel sticks in sweetness!  Can't decide? Try the Scottsdale blend...White Cheddar and Carmel, YUMMY!  Hidden inside the strip mall, totally worth checking out!
5	Stopped in the store for the first time today and I am officially hooked! What I loved the most is that you can buy mini bags and try an array of flavors. So far my favorite is the Pizza flavored popcorn. My son loved the Green Apple flavored popcorn. All of the flavors are delicious and so fresh! I have friends with birthdays coming up and they will all be receiving some of this gourmet popcorn as their gifts. Not only does everything taste great, but the store is so clean and cute. They have vintage candy and sodas, and all of the themed popcorn tins you can think of. You all need to try this store and you will be hooked too!
5	This place is awesome. I love popcorn, I love local business, I love great customer service and attention to detail, and more importantly I popcorn. They have 50+ different flavors of popcorn....yeah 50. That's not to mention the flavors of the week, like loaded baked potato and bubble gum. Yeah, bubble gum. Flavors like cheesecake, pizza, buffalo wing (my favorite), parmesan garlic, caramel with almonds, dark chocolate, milk chocolate, white chocolate. You need to try this place, even if you are not a popcorn fanatic like I am. Oh yea, and the kettle corn is the best kettle corn I've ever had, and that is including the renaissance fairs' fresh kettle corn. Another plus: they use Apple products!
5	Due to my dairy intolerance my flavor choices were a little limited. I went with the kettle corn ....O. M. G. that was the most amazing kettle corn I have EVER eaten! It was big and fluffy with the perfect level of sweet and salty....it's so so so so so addictive. Wow, wish I could try the dairy-containing flavors......I know I'm missing something amazing!!!Yummy!!!!!
5	Let me preface this by saying I am not a big popcorn fan . . . my husband is.  Having about an hour to kill between appointments, I decided to pop into My Popcorn Kitchen to pick up some for him. "Some" is a relative term . . . and as I perused the popcorn variety menu, I was overwhelmed.  Over 60 flavors . . . remember, I am not a popcorn fan, but I wanted to try them all! Not just the individual tastes, but combinations of some of those 60 flavors, too! Without being too piggish, I tried just a few samples: pizza, ranch. loaded baked potato, salted caramel, Scottsdale Blend (white cheddar and caramel mixed), vanilla and cinnamon toast. I ended up buying a small bag of each, two to give to friends, and the rest for my charming husband.The pizza tastes just like pizza -- a great way to have that scrumptious taste without all the fat and calories! I loved the Loaded Baked Potato more than the real thing! The salted caramel was the kind of savory sweet that I crave every night after dinner. And the vanilla and cinnamon toast were light and not too overly sweet, perfectly addicting.This particular afternoon, they had bag on display of caramel and green apple. It was so pretty just sitting there, I was almost tempted to buy it without even trying it!  This is a fantastic place to buy gifts for friends or clients. They have all the fixings to make the perfect box, bag or tin. On the other hand, it could be fun to take your kids there, pick up some mini bags of various flavors and colors and string some holiday popcorn for your tree!The two women who were working the front of the store were so friendly and accommodating! They encouraged tastings and offered up their opinions when asked. I know today was a first of many trips to My Popcorn Kitchen. I might just be a popcorn fan after all!
5	Incredibly tasty popcorn.  I chose a mixture of Carmel and cheese flavors.  Tasted very fresh and a perfect mix of savory and sweet.  Love it is also a mom and pop.
3	Mmmmm.  Popcorn.  Many, many flavors of popcorn.  Sweet, savory.  Chocolate, nuts.  Buttery, salty.  All of it.  And MPK does it well.  I love that they offer mini bags ranging from $2-$6.  Forced portion control.  If I was given a barrel of popcorn, I would somehow manage to get it down.So why only 3 stars?  Less than impressive customer service.  Now the lady at the front (owner?) is great.  Very helpful and friendly.  The girls in the back...not so great.  I was in before Christmas to buy 13 mini bags...all different.  Although there were numerous people in the back, there seemed to be more socializing than actual work going on.  It took a good 20 minutes or so to get my order ready.  I could have eaten the product faster than they packed it.  No worries.  The shop is fun to browse.  But when my order was finally ready and I was heading out the door, an employee came out with a bag that they had missed.  At this point, I knew they probably did not bother to double check my order, so I did it when I got to my car.  Even with the bag they missed, I was still missing one...a $6 bag at that.Again, the lady at the front was very apologetic, but the gal working in the back was argumentative as she "knew" she had packed that particular flavor.  She came out front to get my entire bag, so that she could go through it herself and see what was missed.  Apparently, I am both a liar, illiterate, and unable to count to 13.  So now I'm waiting again with nothing to do but wonder why they didn't do this before they gave me the order.  Finally, she was sufficiently convinced the missing bag was, indeed, missing.  Upon returning my order, she remarked it had been packed, but not given to me.I still might not have dropped my rating if not for the fact that while I was waiting for the sleuth in the back to solve her case, another customer came in complaining that she was missing 5 bags of her 20 bag order.  Unfortunately for her, the order was for an office function that had already taken place.So moral of my long-winded review is to give MPK a shot if you're a popcorn lover, but make sure you check your order before you leave.  They won't.
4	Found this place on accident and it is a gem. I'm not sure how long they'll last because they are so hidden but they offer hand crafted gourmet popcorn and snacks that are super yummy. Great for corporate gifts and those gifts where you don't know wtf to get someone :)The mint chocolate popcorn was delicious :)
4	I got a gift from this place and decided to go check it out. $70 later....They have a bazillion different flavors and 7 different sizes. All of the flavors I tried I liked. Why 4 stars? Customer service needs some work. You know kids, they want to do what they want, not what they are asked.
5	I totally love My Popcorn Kitchen. I have tried about ten of the flavors. Every flavor has been amazing! I will be stopping by for a mini bag of beer cheddar before movie night!
5	Oh Mama!!! I have ordered from Garrett's in Chicago for years. I tried My Popcorn Kitchen last week for the first time. Cute place, old fashioned sodas, candies and the best popcorn. I am comparing it to Garrett's and it is just as good. I love the Chicago blend which is cheddar cheese and Carmel. Next time I will try another flavor. You won't be disappointed.
4	WOW!  Smells great in there.  Prices are reasonable.  TONS of flavors.  It is too hot to buy the chocolate covered ones.  It wouldn't last 5 mins in the cars and we have not started shopping yet.  I got the white cheddar for me.  Beer cheddar for my hubby.  Yum!
4	My Popcorn Kitchen has been open about a year, and somehow my self control has fought coming here until yesterday.I think Heather C had it right, you will finish the size you purchase.  Unless you have help, and that was my plan all along when I stopped here.  I had two somebodies at home who would share my joy and cut down on my serving size. LOLI purchased four different flavors. I brought three home and kept one for the office -bad move I'm sure.  I bought the Dark Chocolate, the Pizza flavor, the Scottsdale Blend which is Caramel & White Cheddar and the Chicago Blend, which is Caramel & Cheddar.  You knew I had to buy the Chicago blend, right.The two blends were $15.95 for the medium size, which they say is 26 cups.  Put differently, I would call them two large movie theater size bags.  But the small, put at 9 cups is pretty large too.  In this size, I ordered the Dark Chocolate for $16.95, and the Pizza flavor which was only $4.95.  So depending on your tastes and preferences, your popcorn addiction could be expensive.Well our panel of judges enjoyed all the flavors and we still had some left over for  several more days. But, I would highly recommend serving bowls. LOLEnjoy!
5	This is my popcorn heaven! I've been reading about My Popcorn Kitchen for several months now and I finally had the chance to visit with my nephew. During an Aunt/nephew fun day, I wanted to take him someplace fun where we could fill up a bag with treats and I immediately thought of My Popcorn Kitchen. Upon walking in, I was greeted by a delicious smell of freshly baked popcorn being made in the back. The storefront itself was filled with specialty candy, popcorn and sodas. My nephew was in heaven, especially as we read the names of the sodas (things like...green monster snot, etc). It's a kid's dream. They had a small selection of novelty candy in bins to choose from. However, their specialty here is obviously the popcorn and it's delicious! They have an overwhelming selection of flavors to choose from, both savory and sweet. I was very overwhelmed and just ordered the Chicago mix (cheddar and caramel combo), and then an individual caramel and cheddar for my nephew. What I especially enjoyed about My Popcorn Kitchen is the amount of tins they have to choose from. They have every sports team and college imaginable and the tins are large and perfect for popcorn. Once the popcorn is gone, the tins would be a great bin to be used in a game room or office. They also have specialty tins for teachers, birthdays, get well soon, etc. I should also mention that the popcorn pricing is incredibly reasonable. I will be using My Popcorn Kitchen for any special occasion coming up in the near future! I will also return to fulfill my own popcorn cravings as well.
5	Though smelling the popcorn, I was on my way  to another store in the shopping center. As I came out, I decided to check out My Popcorn Kitchen. What a fun store! Clean, well stocked and friendly staff. Immediately, the front guy at the counter started to explain the concept and handed me the menu. As I was debating the flavors in my mind, I was hearing another couple making decisions on what to bring to their granddaughter's birthday party. I finally was ready and decided upon the Phoenix Blend. Loved it, great combination of cheddar cheese and kettle corn (but not too sweet). Finished the "small" bag by the end of the day! Will certainly be back!
3	I LOVE popcorn a lot. But I didn't want to go in with high hopes. I'm glad I didn't. When we went in it was about 1pm and it was almost dead silent in there and it took a few minutes before we were greeted. We looked around and grabbed a prickly pear soda (which I recommend) and some of the more novelty candy. They asked if we wanted a menu and we said yes. As we were over looking it the staff was talking loudly from front to back store about when they're taking their breaks. I personally find it unprofessional. When we finally decided we said we wanted a small. And they have different names for different sizes there. So she said in a rude tone 'mini or small??' While pointing above at the size bags on the shelf. And my boyfriend asked her to repeat something because he couldn't hear her and she said VERY S-L-O-W-L-Y back to him as if he was stupid. And that set me off. It was rude and very uncalled for. So customer service this place fails. I got the Meyer lemon and the chipotle cheddar. I am a huge lemon fan so I wasn't surprised that it didn't have a huge lemon taste but it wasn't bad. I'd get it again. The cheddar one however was soggy and not very crunchy. The taste was good but I wouldn't get it again. I'd like to go back at a different time when she is not there and try some of the other many flavours. I do hope they get better associates.
4	I work in a near-by office building and I started seeing bags of flavored popcorn popping up at desks!  My coworkers are officially hooked on this popped-corn-crack.  We've sampled almost every flavor and OMG, you can't go wrong.The coolest thing about the options here are that they are endless when you start mixing flavors.  Do yourself a favor and ask for samples.  I mean, buying a bag is an investment!  Also, remember that the staff gives you mixing options:  you can layer the flavors or completely shake it up and integrate flavors.  If you are not creative, you can just order the signature Scottsdale mix. The pricing is very fair on the actual popcorn product.  I wasn't a huge fan of the pricing on the decorative containers for the popcorn.  I guess it's just premium "convenience pricing" -- fair enough.  Here are some of my favorite combos: Spicy Buffalo Wing + RanchSpicy Buffalo Wing + White CheddarBeer Cheddar + RanchSouthwest Jalapeno + RanchRemember:  this stuff makes GREAT gifts!
3	Well, they have 70 flavors of popcorn and you can get a 3oz serving (which is just enough for a flick) for only about $2-$3 bucks. The popcorn is in Giant buckets behind the counter, so I'm not exactly sure how long it sits there before they make another batch. Only sampled cinnamon and loaded baked potato and the potato was better among those two choices. Ended up with the Vermont White Cheddar which is a pretty normal flavor today in the popcorn world and it had too many crumbs in the small bag  Will have to try some exotic flavors next time like banana or watermelon or salt and vinegar.
5	This is by far some of the best popcorn I've ever had! I ordered some for a wedding sweet and salty bar, and let's just say it was a hit! I sampled at least 20 kinds before narrowing it down to 3 that I thought appealed to all. Ranch, salted Carmel and beer cheddar. I highly recommend!!!
5	Omg I just left with tons of popcorn. Never in my life have I seen that many flavors to choose from.  70 selections!!! Naturally I bought some for me, my son oh and my best friend who turned me on to this place. I don't know whether to hug her or slap her..lol. Seriously if your looking for some fantastic popcorn this is the place.
5	GREAT little popcorn place with dozens of flavors. We sampled probably 10 different flavors and each was fantastic. We ordered some to be shipped and it was quick and affordable. Brought our 3 year old in here and he loved the cheddar popcorn and so did I. The prices are great and we will be back again!
4	I work not too far from here and sometimes have to go to the FedEx next door. On a trip last week I decided to stop in and check out the offerings and was sucked into their deliciousness. First time I had a mini (totally worth the value) and mixed salt & vinegar and beer cheddar. Second time I got two minis, spicy buffalo and extra butter and beer & bacon cheddar. As I write this I am eating some of the bag I got on Friday and it is still fresh and tasty.  Everything I've tasted is delicious and totally worth the price. I now know where to go to get my popcorn fix.
5	Kim Brush has a wonderful little shop! Her store is fun, her selection is delicious! The customer service is five star quality! I am so lucky to work close to her store and get in when I can. I think they would generate more business if they were open late on the weekends. Today I bought the dark chocolate sea salt caramel flavor popcorn and a Herbert's Strawberry lemonade. Yum!! Makes a great gift.
5	I'm so glad this place has been able to stay in business. I always worry about small stores that open in Scottsdale because most of them close very quickly. This place has so many different flavors of popcorn. I've tried maybe a dozen and have liked every single one. My favorite though is the salted caramel. If I get too big a bag I will eat it until I feel sick.
5	Holy moly, what great popcorn they have here. I think she said there's over 65 or 75 flavored popcorn. You can have any samples you want.I had the Southwest jalapeno popcorn, the peanut butter popcorn, and the white cheddar cheese popcorn. All three was phenomenal. I mix the Southwest jalapeno and the white cheddar together in a mini sized bag. Even more heaven together!!!!The girls here are wonderful. So kind and very friendly..I'll definitely be back. If I'm in the area.
1	Their customer service is horrible!I'm not sure if they were on a lunch break when my husband and I walked in, but it took a good while for someone to greet us. Then when we were greeted, the lady at the registered seemed annoyed by our presence, as if we were interrupting her day. It was also our first time at My Popcorn Kitchen and we weren't sure what to get so we asked for some recommendations.. the lady sighed and rolled her eyes at us before answering. Now, I'm not sure if we just caught her on a bad day or not but it was very rude and unprofessional how she replied to us! We decided to just take our business elsewhere and wished the lady at the register a better day.
