3	The best food choice in T2 but it doesn't have much competition in this second rate terminal for food.
4	LOVED this place.  Was the only place in Sky Harbor I could find that had a good selection of soups, sandwiches and salads.  The salad I ordered (the one with Craisins in it) was a bit too drenched for my taste with the dressing--would advise getting the dressing on the side.  Also, I ordered a tuna sandwich on wheat...YUM!  Very fresh bread and the tuna was not too oily nor too dry.  The chocolate chip cookie I actually ate a day later (very unlike me not to devour it in one sitting!) and it was still deliciously fresh and full of flavor.  Lastly, I wish there was a Paradise Bakery in Nor Cal...but sadly the nearest is probably Long Beach!!  Great first experience =)
5	Hands down the best place to eat while at Terminal 3.  Lots of selection, and tastes fresh rather than microwaved.  Chicken Salad sandwich is my favorite, along with a small Caesar.  I would agree with a previous reviewer, sometimes they put too much dressing.  But you get a free cookie (YUM) with your meal and the people here have always been pleasant and cheerful that helps put a grumpy traveler in a better mood.
3	I had a "punkin nut" muffin and coffee here while waiting for my flight...people were friendly and knowledgable, quick and the muffin was as good as anything I have had at a chain coffee shop before.  I recommend it to anyone flying out of PHX!
4	Definitely the best sandwich I've ever had in an airport! Had the veg sandwich and it was great, fresh with friendly fast service. Tasty cookies, too.
4	You make my delays bareable!! Thank you!!
5	Great healthy options fast plus loys of delicious fresh baked goods. I've loved everything I've tried here especially the chicken walnut salad with raspberry dressing, so yummy. If you are getting a salad skip ahead of the line to the salad bar instead of waiting behind the sandwich orders. The location is great for meeting people outside of security as there's plenty of seating and it's right in the middle of both security exits.
4	Don't forget to grab some food before boarding the plane! This is a great stop before your flight. I love grabbing a sandwich, scoring a cookie, and then once I'm in the air, eating leisurely. It takes me back to the days of having mom fix a special school lunch or something...not sure why because I only feel this way about Paradise Bakery in an airport. Enjoy your next flight!
4	If you are in a hurry or not, this place serves great food at reasonable prices. I especially like the Paradise Bakery Club Croissant and a big cookie to boot.
4	I love that the airport has a place with fresh, healthy, customizable food! Paradise Bakery has a salad bar (how often have you seen an airport with a salad bar?!), and though they don't have the hugest selection of toppings there are a good number of interesting options beyond just tomato/cucumber/carrots. The bakery section has a lot of tempting treats and a good standard selection of sandwiches.
5	This is a wonderful place to eat if you are ever in Phoenix.  I have only visited the one in the airport, but it is simply delicious!  The ordering is a little confusing at first, but the staff is gracious & happy to help.  It is very much worth the effort to go!  Sandwiches are beyond fresh as well as everything else on the menu!
4	I hated food in terminal 3...that is, until I gave Paradise a shot. The staff were incredibly friendly; the sandwich maker even created my California turkey exactly as I requested: pesto mayo and ranch on the side, with extra veggies.The bread was incredibly fresh and the veggies were crisp. The turkey was so-so...nothing special. The pesto mayo made the sandwich. Plus, it came with a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie. A great place for a quick, healthy bite before a flight.
3	If you have no time to grab something before arriving at the airport, Paradise Bakery may be one of the best food choices you can find.Yes, it offers over-priced mediocre food as expected, but I appreciated the fact they offered a vegetarian sandwich ($8 or so) along with some pasta salad ($5). The sandwich had some cucumber, lettuce, tomato, and Havarti (my favourite cheese) and came with a chocolate chip cookies. The pasta salad was overly dressed, but it had some veggies in it and tasted OK.In a pinch, this place will do, but we all know it is best to leave early so that you can get something decent to eat before arriving at the airport!
4	Absolutely love this place. I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could.  You may be aware that I have a health scale that I use to rate eateries.  For me its all about how healthy it is. Coming in at 5 stars would be an almost 100% raw vegan restaurant. 4 starts would be any place with actual fresh food.  Therefore, paradise bakery is a 4.5.        Now for something not so healthy...insanely good, homemade quality cookies.
4	When I'm stuck at the airport and hungry before a flight, this is where I go. This Paradise Bakery is equipped with all the same items and elements as their other locations but it is typically quick and convenient for those on the go at the airport. My go-to items a the airport Paradise Bakery are the breakfast sandwiches, muffins (great for the hotel room) and sandwiches. There's nothing more I can really say about this Bakery but it's definitely worth visiting if you're at the airport and hungry. Don't forget to take banana chocolate chip muffin for the flight!
3	It was cool to watch someone making pastries but was definitley on the pricey side.  I paid $10 for bacon/egg/cheese bagel and an orange juice.  Really clean with plenty of seats and good food, but I'm not sure if it's worth the price.
2	Sometimes this location is dramatically understaffed and the wait times can be really bad.  This same challenge can also seem to affect the quality of getting your order correct.Nothing against Paradise Bakery - because truthfully I really love their locations in general, but this location is one of those that you should only visit because you have to.
5	We attended a business session in Scottsdale that ordered lunch in for us, and it was from Paradise... the food was outstanding, DIFFERENT and fresh! So, when we went to the airport to fly home, we were thrilled to see they had a restaurant in the terminal! The service here was outstanding! Best smiles in the airport! Great food, great cookies, reasonable prices! I sat and ate next to Starbucks and kept telling people to put down the ready made food from Starbucks and eat at Paradise! Can't wait to travel back to Scottsdale and eat there again! Unless they want to open one in my town!?!? :o)
4	Morning staff was very friendly; They made me the poppy-citrus chicken salad for me to-go and it was bursting with berries and with pecans and lots of chicken - way to go!  It was really filling (tho not cheap!) and I'm glad I stopped by... PLUS, I get to earn my points on my frequent-eater card :P  I recommend this place in Term 2 for food.
4	This place is consistently good, like all the Paradise locations and man do they do a LOT of business and handle it all seamlessly.  Perfect place to grab lunch before you catch your plane.
2	Not exactly my idea of Paradise.*My small BBQ Chop Salad had piles of inedibly salty chicken ($4.50).  I picked out the romaine lettuce, corn kernels, and diced tomatoes.  J's California Turkey Sandwich with turkey, bacon, lettuce, cucumbers, and veggie spread was better ($7.50).  However, the best part of his sandwich was the fact that it came with a chocolate chip cookie.That's what I get for trying to be healthy!  *Well maybe in the purgatory of airport food it is?6/2012
5	Great customer service! Just went to gate C and tried this cafe. At first, I thought it was panera and it basically is (it is owned by the same company). I was greeted with a free cookie, which is always good in my book. I ordered my panera usual, and it was great! Only a little over $7 for half sandwich, half soup! And, to my surprise, it came with a complimentary piece of bread and a cookie! Well worth the walk from Gate D ;)
5	By far my favorite restaurant at an airport. And I've been to plenty of airports (and plenty of airport restaurants). This place is worth the bumpy ride to Phoenix in the dead of summer (114 degrees, anyone?) ;). The customer service here is top notch, and the cookies are SO delicious! I recommend the chocolate chip and/or the snickerdoodle. They often have deals on the cookies where you can BOGO. I also highly recommend their broccoli cheddar soup. It's so yummy! Thanks, Paradise :)!
4	Its the only good thing about the Phoenix airport.  Fresh sandwiches and delicious pastries.  you get a fresh baked cookie with every sandwich.  Healthy and delicious, give it a try.
3	Your standard Paradise Bakery, but with more disorganized service.  I do prefer eating here than some fast food burger joint you would usually find at the airport though.
1	I had a layover in Phoenix on Friday, September 21st so I decided to get some food from Paradise in order to take on my next flight. I ordered 1/2 of the southwest ceasar salad and 1/2 turkey sandwich on wheat in addition to a lemon poppysead muffin. I ate the muffin and salad with no incident. On the plane (after takeoff), I unwrapped my sandwich  and wedged inside the bottom portion of the bread and otherwise not visible unless the entire sandwich was unwrapped was a huge STAPLE. I couldn't believe that there was a staple inside my sandwich. If I had not unwrapped the sandwich and examined it (to determine if there was mayo on it) I could have been seriously injured by ingesting this at 30,000 feet. Take a close look before eating anything from here.
5	Love this spot for a good lunch! Great salads and fresh sandwhiches !! Its my daily lunch! im in love! keep it up!!
3	I am a frequent patron of Paradise Bakery, and I also travel a lot. The bakeries outside the airport offer a much better menu selection and you are not assaulted with "WELCOME TO PARADISE!!!" It reminds me of Firehouse subs, where they do the same obnoxious thing. one time there was even a pushy woman in a white shirt with white hair asking everyone, 'Do you have any questions?? Do you have any questions??" Hey lady, if we have any questions we will ask, and since the menu is self explanatory, I think we get it. I dont know if maybe the airport owns these bakeries, but they are just off somehow. The outside locations also wear jeans and look really cute, while these wear tan pants with t shirts, which looks ridiculous. I am surprised they havent gone to all black, like every other unimaginitive restaurant. The food is very average, time to update the menu to something similar to the outside ones.
4	This place was above and beyond for an eatery inside an airport. The sandwiches were fresh and bountiful portions. I had the chicken salad sandwich and it was really moist. You get a free cookie with every sandwich or salad. The bakery items looked amazing and the cookies were delicious. We ended up getting about 5 free cookies from the staff. There was also a ton of variety, not just choc chip or oatmeal, but also double choc, nutty cookies and a delicious ginger molasses.
4	This review has to be scaled for the fact that this is airport food. If I ate this in a normal situation, I would call it maybe a 2 star restaurant. However, for what it is, it is rather decent. The food was decently priced, we got a good sandwich and they had good selection. I particularly was ok with the sandwich that we had, t tasted like it had ingredients which were not bad. The sandwich had bacon turkey on a tomato bread. The tomato bread was interesting. They actually seemed to understand the rules of sandwich making. Which are :-Soft fillings should be served on soft breads.-Make sure there's a moisture barrier (i.e., something creamy or oily) between your -bread and wet ingredients (e.g., tomatoes).-Keep slippery ingredients away from each other.-Use a bread you'd be willing to eat on its own. These are rather simple rules, but you would be surprised how often places don't understand them, and you get these sandwiches that one bite caused everything to poop out the back. The point of a sandwich is supposed to be that you can eat it easily while doing other things and not had stuff all over your hands. If the sandwich can't do that, it has failed in it's purpose of sandwichness!!! The sandwich was almost made quickly and efficiently. I would eat here again.
3	I know I should not have high expectations for an airport location.  However, there were complaints of people who had received their food and their order was incorrect or missing ingredients.  I had to remind the staff to make sure they topped my salad with the dried fuji apples.  I was the only person, out of roughly six or so people that actually receive the correct food.  I guess it is tough to get decent help.  Probably should be **1/2.
3	You see this place in many airports but this one didn't have the freshest food.  The cinnamon roll was drier but still delicious.  I assume they bring everything in from somewhere else as it is too small looking to cook pastries.  Still I am coming back as I liked their coffee with rolls.
1	I had an early morning flight and decided to grab something at the airport. Unfortunately I decided to grab a cinnamon roll at Paradise Bakery. Since I've had nothing but positive experiences with the cinnamon roll from their majority owner Panera Bread in Chicago, I thought this was a slam dunk. It was obvious to me that they served me left overs from the day before because it sure didn't taste fresh. The baker must have slept in that morning or called in sick. The service is Sloooow as well. They try to multitask and help other customers part way through my transaction, very annoying.
4	This a great deli, by airports standards or otherwise.  They have a fairly limited menu, but the food is great quality.  There are sandwiches, wraps, salads, and fresh pastries.  Service is always friendly and prompt, which is great when you're rushing to a flight. Try the turkey and cranberry sandwich, it is great! This is my go to for a quick meal before heading to the security line.
4	Still enjoy this place but ever since it was taken over by Panera bread it has lost it's charm, unique food choices and is no longer special.
5	Really tasty!I had the Cuban chicken panini and a small coke which was about $11.  The panini was very tasty, flavored nice with some spicy pickles. It is advertised as a chicken Cuban sandwich with ham, although it seemed there was more ham than chicken. Of course the cookie was wicked good--about how you would cook it at home, all soft in the middle. I found the seating very limited given the popularity of the place and might suggest "bar seating" around the perimeter versus the tables. There were a lot of (about 7 or 8) employees behind the counter, so the food came fast, although I might ask one of them to pay a bit more attention to the cleanliness of the tables (given, it may be a bit if a challenge to clean between customers).All in all very good and can't wait to check out what else is in the menu!
3	Average chain location with AIRPORT pricing. ;O)
4	fresh baked goods and nice place to hang out before a flight.
5	One place that I love coming to is this place. I know I can depend on this place for a good breakfast, lunch or dinner. I was flying out of Phoenix and I desperately needed food before I dealt with TSA, and flying. I ended up buying the power protein sandwich which was a very reasonable price. $5 in an airport for a good sandwich. I'm down!!Anyways they took my order and it took about five minutes to make my sandwich. The power sandwich had whole grain bread,  egg whites, white Vermont cheddar and lean ham. The ham and egg tasted so good. And the bread was very hearty and delicious. It made eating healthy be delicious. I really enjoyed my sandwich and it kept me full until lunch time!!
3	Consistent quality across all locations. Usually buy a dozen cookies to bring home to my family when I'm traveling. Tonight the entire staff is one of the grumpiest I've ever come across. Too bad. Hope they can get it together. No reason to treat people poorly.
2	Terrible. Bad employee attitudes and lack of team work. The poppyseed muffin was so hard it crumbled into crunchy pieces. Wasted money. Went to Starbucks for lemon pound cake. ..yummm
2	2 stars cause they got rid of my fav panini the turkey artichoke!!!!! So I asked for what would be close to it. The lady said chicken frontenga. It was cold!!!! This has turned me away from paradise. I don't think I will be going there any time soon
5	priced the way i might expect outside an airport (sizeable hot tasty panini was about $8) plus free cookie! friendly service and fast
4	This is the only P.B. I've been to, ..a lot! Since avocado is one of my main food grous, I love the turkey avocado blt.  It has olive oil mayo, which I also use at home :) I haven't been able to stop ordering the turkey cranberry! It's perfect in everyway! Bread is super fresh and soo good! The salads here are huge and will leave u feeling healthy all day. Poppyseed and choco chip muffins are moist and also huge. Cookies make my day, ESP the peanut butter! Strawberry smoothies are really good, but the frozen mocha I tried only once.. Not my thing. Love the soup here too, broccoli is my true love:). This place does the trick when Starbucks is closed + they're going strong 24/7 with caffeine/coffee. Super friendly staff. Just remember to order your drink somewhere after security or eat before u hit TSA. That is all:)
4	We almost always stop here when we are transiting terminal 3 at Phoenix Sky Harbor. Great food, fast and friendly service, and conveniently located at the gate/security level.
4	Great food! Lackluster serviceget the club sammie, its really goodthey give you cookie with every order too
3	Had a little snack at this cafe awaiting flight. Got the shrimp couscous salad while husband ordered the turkey club on croissant. Salad was ordinary. Fresh for airport food. If you're not too hungry, you can order half of the salad. I probably won't ever order the shrimp salad again. We also got a couple of chocolate chip cookies. The dough was sweet and only became richer with the chocolate chips. They were flat and slightly crunchy. They supposedly were baked two hours ago. I prefer my cookies fat and full. The waitstaff attending to our order was very pleasant. Our banana nut muffins remain uneaten but looks promising.
1	2 young ladies behind the counter could not have cared less to be serving customers. 5 of us in line received the same unenthusiastic, practically scowling and somewhat confusing service. Mac and cheese heavily promoted, out of Mac and cheese. Out of soup. Out of raspberry smoothie mix. Out of blue cheese for my salad ... Asked for feta instead, ultimately received no cheese. Nor a fork. Nor a napkin. Prices are reasonable, that's about all I can say. I'm sure the other 4 customers are also wishing they'd gone to Starbucks. Or S'barro. Or just grabbed a $6 mini bag of Chex Mix and a $4 water at the sundries shop. Not your best location, Paradise.PS: if I ask for no tomato or onion on my sandwich, pretty sure I don't want them on my side salad either.PPS: oh look! No cranberry on my cranberry turkey sandwich! The hits keep coming ...
4	Cookies are pretty good. Awesome service and the best part a FREE cookie with an entree and 1+1 offer on that!
3	Opposite experience of the below - excellent service, salad was lackluster. Sugar cookie was exactly what I was hoping for - so I would say stick to the baked goods when ordering food from a bakery kind of restaurant! Lots of options up on the menu boards, but difficult to see them all until you right up by the cashier.
3	Stuck in the airport waiting for my compatriots so I swing by paradise to see what the hoopla is all about. I try the paradise club, because it has bacon....nuff said. Unfortunately, not even the smokey, salty goodness of bacon could save this joint!  The croissant was discernibly stale, the cold cuts were...cold cuts. Hard to screw that up!  Overall I was underwhelmed by the sandwich and all three points go to the chocolate chip cookie that comes with the meal.Hooray for free cookies!!!
1	Worst coffee I've ever had in my life. I asked for an iced decaf coffee and what I reviewed was extremely watered down and not appetizing in the least. Also their sugar cookie tasted like chalk.
1	One tip, don't go here.  Food was mediocre at best, the service was terrible.  I believe it was the manager, who didn't make any effort to apologize for sloppy service and our botched order.   First off, they offer the Asiagio bagel sammich, but they don't have Asiago bagels..  oh well.  Well then I see they make 2 of our sammiches, watching the bacon fall out when the dunce is wrapping it, thankfully not all of it fell out.  Then I watched and waited as they make about 6-8 sammiches.  That's when I asked if they were going to get me the 3 toasted bagels, the very simple toasted plain bagels.  That's when Mr. Manager started acting like a (insert the word you're thinking I'm going to write).  And they started to make inroads into toasting the bagels, while they're sammich line went full steam.  Thankfully I got to the plane before boarding finished, took way to long.   They were not efficient and did not apologize, nor recognize their errors.  I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN.  I have few 1 star reviews and I usually don't complain like this, but I was pissed at their service.
4	Excellent menu selection. Soups are a bit salty but that is true anywhere. Fair prices, great selection, best sugar cookie I can find. Love the airport locations, sandwiches are perfect to bring on the plane for an in flight meal.
4	I tried not to eat at airports because they are always super over-priced. At the other terminal, I saw a salad for FIFTEEN flippin dollars! I am glad I didn't buy it over there!I got the full size chicken cob salad with avocado for 9.30 (including tax). It's still a bit more expensive than non-airport grab-and-go places, but at least it's not $15.When I first walked past paradise bakery & cafe, there was a line. I decided to go wait at the gate first. About half and hour or so after I came back and there was no line. I placed my order and got my salad in about 5 minutes.The salad is not prepackaged, they actually assemble the salad after you've ordered. The full size portion is a decent size. I saw the guy making my salad using 1/2 of an avocado for the salad! Nom! Not just some tiny slices! The grilled chicken were precooked (not cook onsite) and came in a package. I was not a big fan of how the chicken tasted. it was just alright. All the ingredients tasted fresh. No wilted lettuce! The salad also came with plenty of tomato and bacon pieces. Overall it was a good experience.
