4	A friend of mine tipped me off to this place and being a soup- lover, I had to try it. The selection is minimal- 3 soups per day at the moment. Today's selection was chilled zucchini, real chicken noodle, and Caribbean black bean. I opted for the black bean, and I was not disappointed. The beans were perfect- not mushy like some bean soups can be. The flavors were all very distinct but blended together perfectly. Yum. The soups come in different sizes, with an 8 oz. bowl for $5.25. (that would be the small size) Saltines, lavosh or bread (from Simply Bread) with olive oil or butter come on the side. Everything is organic, and extremely fresh. No cans here. Beverage options include a few different bottled waters, a selection of hot or iced teas, and seasonal smoothies. A BYOB liquor license is in the works. The dining area is sparse, with three tables, but it seemed like quite a bit of business was done for take-out orders. As an FYI- they take orders for soup pick-up, and will even arrange to be there if you want to come after work. Pretty cool, considering they're currently open from 10-2. I would love to see a bigger selection of soup, but the place is only a few weeks old and the owner assures me that there is much more to come. I can't wait to find out what it is.
5	When my co-workers both had that blah feeling today, I decided we should try The Art of Soup. I had heard about from Amanda B. (thanks Amanda!) at a recent Yelp event, and had I not known where to find it, I probably wouldn't have found it!The three soups being served today were an Asian Mushroom, Chicken with Spinach, and a Persian Yogurt soup. Jacquelyn had the Mushroom. Erin had the Chicken. I was the super-star who had ALL THREE!No, I'm not a big piggy - I had a flight of soup! Instead of one 8oz cup/bowl of soup, I had three 4oz cups of soup, so I got to try each one. My favorite was the mushroom, but each was fantastic. The mushroom soup was today's vegan option, and it was incredibly flavorful without being over seasoned or salty. The mushrooms were the perfect consistency .... Yum!What I loved most about getting the flight was I tend to get bored of soup. I have a few slurps and then it just gets old. However, with the flights, right when I was feeling done with one taste, I had an entirely different taste waiting for me.  And, I honestly would have never selected the Persian Yogurt soup, but I was glad I got to try it. It was very refreshing (I saved it for last), especially on a hot day. The combination of dill and mint was fragrant and fresh, while the sweetness of the raisins complemented the bitterness of the radishes and walnuts sprinkled on top.  Janet, the owner, told me all about where the recipe for the Persian Yogurt soup came from, and she also shared with us that all of the ingredients wer purchased at the farmer's market that very morning. For dessert, we indulged in amazing chocolate chip cookies from Urban Cookies .... Yum ..... But perhaps that's another review!
5	I went here on my lunch break today because I'm sick, and tired of Campbell's crud soups. I was pleasantly surprised by the freshness of the ingredients in my roasted-garlic-and-potato soup. Very hearty, along with the baguette and olive oil. The take-out process was easy and Janet was extremely nice even over the phone. I also found it to be moderately priced. Hey, I feel better already! My throat doesn't hurt anymore and I stopped coughing! Garlic is miraculous. I'll come here the next time I'm sick, or just want some great soup. This is a terrible review, but perhaps Janet's soup will cure my cold and I'll be back on tomorrow to write the best review of my life. Only time will tell. Or.. will it?
4	I finally made it here this past Friday.   The problem for me lies in the fact that Michael is not a big fan of soup like I am so I will just have to stick with this place for solo meals:).  With that said I really like this place.  I decided on the potato and swiss chard soup (i think) and the tomato basil frittata that they were featuring that day.  They both were very tasty and I cannot wait to come back again to try something else.  A couple of things I like about it is BYOB and that for the chicken soups you can choose which ingredients you like ...  with noodles  with escarole and little meatballs  with orzo  with vegatables  with spinach Also a positive side note... I accidentally left my wallet there and luckily I had signed up for their newsletter so they emailed me to tell me that they had my wallet and I could come back at dinner to pick it up.  I was so thankful that they got a hold of me... I might not have noticed my wallet missing till later that eve.  Thanks!
5	I am in love with this place. Everything is delicious. I have been in a few times now and hands down the best thing there is the asian mushroom soup. The portion size is perfect for lunch. They offer a sampling of 3 soups with bread, which is perfect since I can't ever make up my mind. Last time was in Janet was serving roasted red pepper and sausage frittatas and bacon and egg soup both of which were excellent.
2	I think my problem might lie in the fact that I went to The Art of Soup for breakfast, not lunch. They had two frittatas and a couple of soups up for grabs (Including a bacon and egg soup). I had some coffee and the goat cheese and carmelized onion frittata, which came with a little bread.The coffee was rich and delicious, but not quite enough to save my experience. The bread came out cold with cold butter that wouldn't spread. My frittata also came out fairly cold and it was TINY. About 1/3 inch thick and cut into a 3" x 4" rectangle. Which might not have been a big deal if the thing had ANY flavor. They skimped big time on the goat cheese and there was only a wee sliver of carmelized onion in the whole serving.I plan on going back sometime soon to experience the soup, but this visit was definitely meh.
2	Really? The Art of Soup has 4.5 out of 5 stars? I visited here the other day for lunch with my father and husband. The place was super cute. Just a few tables that gives you the coziness that accompanies soup. The menu was a little difficult to read though, as it was scribbled in a grey-ish chalk that blended with the erase marks from previous days. After deciphering the menu we decided that everything sounded delicious. We asked to try the Roasted Butternut Squash before ordering it, and were less than thrilled. There was absolutely no flavor to it. I love making butternut squash at home and dressing it up with spices, so I guess I expected a little more. It was bland and grainy. Pass.The hubby decided he wasn't hungry so just my father and I ordered soup. I decided on a cup of Cannelini with Kale and my father went with a bowl of Chicken Rice. From here, let's just say the only nice thing about the meal was that it was served hot and fast - go figure, it's a soup restaurant. Both of the soups were, again, bland and absolutely flavorless. The kale was chewy and the broth left a god-awful aftertaste in my mouth. My father's soup was a little better, but still horribly bland. We had to salt and pepper it, which just made it taste like, well, salt and pepper. Both soups were served with small slices of bread and cold butter that was impossible to spread. I enjoyed the bread more than the soup, sadly. We ate what we could quickly and asked for the check. $20 for one cup and bowl of soup, with tip included. Bummer. I appreciate the attempt at an all organic soup cafe, but I think the soup should be more than stellar if that's all you're marketing. Sadly, I can make much better soups at home. Next time I'll pass on The Art of Soup.
2	Back from holiday and had some amazing soups that made me reflect back on my experience here.  I have to preface this review with that the owner here is quite lovely and I'm sure has the best intentions, but unfortunately the soup was sorely lacking.  As a proponent of organics, I had my hopes way too high.  Well, first of all it was a bit confusing if we were to order at the counter from a very smudged, unreadable chalk board or if we were to be seated.  The owner appeared from the kitchen and said to have a seat eliminating our initial confusion.  To keep this review to the point, we ordered a smoothie, bland.  A frittata, very small and actually strange as if it might have been cooked in the microwave, need I say more.  Two bowls of soup, one was a bean with kale, unfortunately the beans were not thoroughly cooked and the flavor was not allowed to develop.  The other a red pepper concoction, that another diner suggested, was one dimensional and needed copious amounts of help sprinkled with some love.  When paying these boutique prices one expects and should get a better quality, culinary creation.  These soups needed proper development and herbal infusions that the kitchen obviously lacks.  I would like to offer a suggestion that may help her, so she can spend more time with the soup prep and less time running around the table up front, and that is to consider a different style of service.  The place is so small that she could have customers order from the chalkboard, if readable, and then deliver the orders.  I wish her the best in her endeavor.
4	We each had a different soup so we could both have a taste of two soups, the Asian mushroom was excellent. the Broccoli was really good the only negative thing, (and we diden't ask) is  we could have used a little more bread.  The cup was a good serving for one. The dessert was yummy. it's a fun atmosphere Good service a nice break from the usual lunch. P & C
3	I love soup.    I would say I am a soup maven.     I shop at the same Farmers Market, so I appreciate the fresh, local, in-season produce they use.     I am also a vegetarian, so having so many non-meat choices was terrific.I went there with my son.    We each had flights of soup.     The service was odd.    It's not clear whether it is counter service (not unusual when the menu is written on a chalk board behind the counter) or table service.      It is the latter.      It disturbed me that when I prefaced my question by stating "it's our first time here", the owner snapped at me, saying "well we don't bite."     Not a good joke.    A simple "welcome" would have been much better.That said, the soup was really good.     Like another reviewer I thought they needed salt and I am thrilled that they under-salt.     Our only other objection was that the hot soups arrived lukewarm.    I suppose we could have asked to have them reheated, but after the snippy welcome we received, I thought better of it.    I'm generously giving it 3 stars, but I'm really thinking 2.5.
5	Five reasons I like The Art of Soup:The moxie: Soup, in Arizona!?! The idea is so crazy... it works! My favorite soup is the red pepper gazpacho. It will be refreshing when the summertime comes.The atmospere: This is where you want to go if you are looking for comfort food and relaxation.The integrity: They change the menu every week because it depends on what veggies are in season! Every thing is very simple, yet full of flavor.  The Soup Flight: Your choice of three different 4oz. tastes of the day's soup, it is perfect for the incredibly indecisive people such as myself.The accommodation: They have a no noodle option for their noodle soups for all the gluten-free people out there. And they always have AT LEAST one vegan/vegetarian option.
4	A business partner and I stopped in while in Phoenix on business- we were looking for a quick lunch spot that was healthy and unique to Phoenix.Best words to describe this place: cozy (only a few tables), specialized (small, fresh, organic menu), successfully quirky (great mish-mash of flavors)!The BEST SOUP (out of 4 soups that I tried): The Red Pepper Gaspacho. Not for those who fear spice, this zesty take on the chilled soup was outstanding with simple ingredients wielding a complex taste. Garnished with crisp, fresh vegetables.The owner took great care with her creations and made us feel like old friends. We will definitely stop back in when in town again!
1	We had a terrible experience.  It was a rainy day, of course the  place was crowded.  They only had "bisque" left and they had 2 options.  My husband brougth home the medium size which is really pricy.  It tasted like slightly flavored water with a few veggie chunks.  I would not have bothered to take it back, but it was so pricy and since we love downtown places, we wanted to the owner to know.  The woman was very rude went I went to return, she did not offer to give my money back, but only the other "bisque"  this too was not good.  We put in the garbage and were sad that we will not have a soup joint in the downtown area we will ever return.  The woman was rude and did not seem glad we were offering feedback.
4	What can I say besides...Foodgasm!  I could not make up my mind so I chose the flite of soup (they had at least 7 soups to choose from!).  Three little bowls of deliciousness that you get to pick from the soup of the days.  Chicken Noodle, Potato Arugula Leek and Cucumber Avocado were what I chose.  Absolutely delish !  The owner is fantastic and delivers personal attention.  Oh, and they have these awesome tea contraptions which they use for serving and steeping loose leaf tea.  Loved it so much that I bought one to bring home with me and now I am enjoy a fabulous cup of Tulsi-Ginger tea in my new Adagio tea infuser.  They also have desserts...the cardamom cake is to die for!  Didn't have room after the soup so I took it home for later.  Fantabulous!Looking forward to enjoying soup here again soon and trying some more of their tasty looking options.
4	let me start off by saying this place is extremely difficult to find/see on the side of the road. better signage would be lovely...or if someone trimmed those fucking trees in the front of the place so you could actually see it.feeling rather down in the dumps with a cold today, i thought nothing would be better than a hearty cup of soup. after nearly missing it, i parked illegally at the contractor store and walked inside to a quaint little shop. the owner (janet) greeted me and suggested i try the chicken with orzo pasta. i got whole grain bread and a black iced tea.the chicken orzo soup was probably the best version of chicken noodle soup i've ever had. the vegetables nearly melted in my mouth, and the chicken was shredded (just how i like it) and tender. the orzo noodles were the perfect pick for this delicious soup and added a nice twist to traditional chicken noodle. the bread was fresh, soft, and delicious and came neatly packaged in a bag with a side of butter and utensils wrapped in a napkin. very nice to-go presentation. the iced tea was fresh, cold, and delicious.my only complaint...$2.50 for a 16oz iced tea? that's insanity.
4	You would think that the warmer it is in Phoenix the less you are likely to drink or eat something HOT. It is a proven fact that hot beverages cool off the body ( I heard this, really I did) I stop for soup here often but not as often as I'd liked to. I am crazy for the Bread that accompanies the soup. It soft and fresh and terrific. Elizabeth try using SALT. I expect organic foods to be original and The Art of Soup does not let me down. I just finished my bowl of celery root and potato soup (the bread did not last the car ride home) The owner Janet is always kind and I have NEVER had a problem with the service. TERRIFIC ALL AROUND................ JANET I DIG THE CELERY / POTATO SOUPThank youBeats pizza any day
2	Not my style of soup. Very watery, not enough flavor, lack of veggies. Somewhat pricey !! The owner is very nice though.
