4	W. Wayne Bunker Family Park is a great neighborhood park.  It definitely has something for everyone in the family at this location!I went here for the first time with my daughter and I am so happy we found this place.  She is all about the park these days and with the weather getting nicer, we have been scouting out some new parks in town.  This park looks small driving by, but it is actually quite big and filled with all sort of fun stuff!  We can't wait to go back and explore the park even more!So why is this park great?  Let me tell you all about it!1.  There are 3 separate playground areas in different areas.  This means no matter where you park, you are close to a play area.  This is especially nice when you have a toddler with little legs.  Each area is different as well.  If you get bored with one area, you can just move on to the next area and start all over again.2. This park is more flat than others in town.  This means lots of big, green grassy areas to run and play.  When we were there, there were a group of kids playing football, another group doing karate style stuff, and another group just hanging out playing music.  Even with all of them, there was still plenty of room for all of us to enjoy the park and not get into each other's way.3.  A nice walking/running path.  There were actually 2 paths laid out through the park.   The paths ran throughout and around the park.  The paths go in-between bright sunny areas to under the canopy of the trees, so it creates a very nice path to follow.  One of the paths was made out of that track material that is extra cushy to walk on.  Awww, cushy walkways.....4.  A nice big skate park.  It is up on the western side of the park and has it's own parking area.  I would have loved this when I was a teenager.  I would break my neck now if I tried to skateboard, but I was ok when I was a youngin'.  It's nice to have stuff for teenagers to do, because this town could use more of that for sure!5. Sport areas.  On our walk through the park, I noticed an area to play horseshoes and a beach volleyball court.  It is just an added value for the park.  On a side note, you need to bring your own volleyball net.  The court is open and the poles to hang the net are there, just no net, at least when we were there.So if you are bored at home, get out and visit Bunker Family Park and have some fun!
5	I personally love the 1.25 mile walk/jog track but this park offers so much more.  I was getting confused with the end marker that reads 1.5 because my sports tracker was reading 1.25 and in truth the 1.25 is correct.
