4	Today, my friend introduced me to one of the better pizza places in Phoenix.  Red Tomato makes a great pie, in either thin cust or deep-dish (although I couldn't tell the difference), which owes much of its unique character to its sweet/spicy/tangy sauce.  The menu is expansive beyond just pizza though, falling into the category of gourmet bar food.  There are a wide variety of appetizers, burgers, salads, and pastas.  I was surprised to even see pot stickers as some of their starters.  I haven't tried anything else on their menu, but I will definitely be back.  The chef was friendly and our server was very attentive (my glass was never full).  Granted, we went for Sunday lunch and things were very slow, but the experience was great none the less.The establishment is small, but sufficiently sized and inviting.  The ambiance is a cross between a sports bar and a modern wine bar with lots of brushed steel and wood paneling and cool lighting fixtures, accompanied by large plasma screens on the walls.Overall a good experience.  I'll be back soon!
4	We went to Red Tomato for the first time this evening.  I was attracted to it by its "curb appeal" and found a voucher on restaurant.com and decided to check it out.  We went at about 5:30 pm on Thurs night and there was hardly anyone else there.  We ordered the personal size pizza "Not so Guilty" was the name of the pizza.  It was excellent.  We also ordered the wings which actually came after the pizza, but that's ok.  They were not that good.  They were dry and didn't have much sauce on them.  They also served them with ranch dressing instead of blue cheese.  That was not cool.  The restaurant has just the right mix of bar and restaurant feel.  Nice decorating and good view of the tv screens showing the football game.   They had cool dough that they let the kids play with before the meal.  Not sure what it was, but I know I would want to play with it if I were a kid.
2	r.i.p.
5	The next two reviewers obviously either, A) Have never actually eaten at Red Tomato, or B) Are ex-employees fired for incompetence and/or lost a wrongful termination case.To be blunt, the pizza at Red Tomato is one of the Top 5 in the Valley. And not that that organic, paper thin Bianco %$#@ that gets great reviews for absolutely no reason whatsoever. This is the real deal for people that LOVE pizza. Fresh ingredients, piled high and cooked to perfection in casual, hip surroundings by people that truly care about your dining experience.In short, you could take a number and wait 45 minutes just to order a joke at Pizzeria Bianco - or - go to Red Tomato for an orgasmic experience for less money in half the time. You'll thank me later. Go.
1	Not sure why it say's closed. I was just there 2 days ago. Dirty, grimy, poor service.. Over priced semi-fresh food. (I guess, fresh is 'relative')
