3	They forgot an important ingredient in the original dog-   hot peppers on the side! Of course I got my dog to go so was without peppers. Not a good first visit.The dog was tasty and an average size portion for $4.99. They have Krispy Kremes (glazed only) also which is always a plus.Will I return for another dog? It is a convenient location, so perhaps.
5	Char dog is delicious. The Wiener Circle is located in the sports book of the Red Rock Casino. The French fries are fresh cut and are the best in town. Great place to catch a game and have an All-American lunch.
5	The Weiner Circle has a great vibe, delicious dogs, and exceptional service!! You can pull up a stool, grab a bit and watch the games or visit with a friend. The Weiner Circle is a Winner in my book!!!
5	Great food ,great experience. location was perfect I took our kids soccer team here on the way to the movies. We ordered 30 hot dogs every single one was made perfect. Great food for adults and kids! Coming here again soon most def! For all the yelpers I give it five stars
5	Only been in one time and was really impressed. Great customer service, and a very clean environment. Angus burger was cooked to perfection and super juicy! My friend had the char dog and said it was amazing!  Will be back!!
5	Love everything on the menu. Hands down the best chicken fingers I have ever had!!! So juicy and delicious. Some of my other top picks are the basket of piggies in a blanket and the breakfast sandwiches with a perfectly cooked over easy egg. Yummy! Love this place!!
3	Combined with a Krispy Kreme, this is a branch of a legendary Chicago hot dog stand as famous for its dogs as well as its rude, obscenity-laden late night service.  This version, however, bills itself as family friendly.Chicago-style dogs are the game here, and they execute the formula down to the letter.  Sure, you could go across the street to Costco for a dog, but if you're a fan of the chicago-style that includes tomatoes, relish, mustard, celery salt, and a pickle spear, this is your joint in this region of the valley.The burgers on the menu here are ok and served with the same dressings as the dog.  The patty gets a fair amount of char (hence, char-burger), but there's no real juice to the patty.  Can see this place becoming a hangout for Bears/Cubs/Bulls/Whitesox/Hawks fans, even if the "Chocolate Shake" here is actually a milkshake made of chocolate.
4	Four stars for a hot dog stand, not bad at all.  Had to come try the Char Dog after seeing The Wiener's Circle featured on the Travel Chanel. I can see why their Chicago Style hot dogs are legendary. Counter attendant Daniel was friendly and helpful.A must try.
2	I was looking forward to eating here after reading about it online and in the newspaper, but was sadly disappointed.  Made special trip to Red Rock casino to try it out on Saturday June 28.  It was pretty empty, especially for a weekend.  My husband ordered a polish dog, and was very disappointed they don't have sauerkraut.  I originally ordered a coney dog and was disappointed they don't serve chili.  I have never heard of a hot dog place that doesn't serve sauerkraut and chili!  Anyway, I ended up ordering the dogs in a blanket.  We shared an order of fries and got two sodas, and our tab came to $27 and change, which is ridiculous for hotdogs, even in a Vegas (off Strip) casino.  I wouldn't have minded the cost if the food was as good as the Pinks (which was formerly in this location) or Nathan's, but it wasn't.  The "blanket" portion of my dogs in a blanket was undercooked, and my food tasted like hot dogs wrapped in raw dough.  The fries tasted as though they  had been prepared in old grease and were limp and oily.  My husband said his polish dog was decent, yet he was still disappointed it had no kraut.  I will say the worker who delivered our food to the table was friendly, although the woman who took our order not so much.  I wish Pinks had never left this location, they were so much better!   Anyway, we feel we paid too much for subpar food and will not be back.
5	Wiener's Circle is the "In N Out Burger" of hot dogs -- you can clearly taste the high quality of each ingredient in every bite. I was super excited when I heard this legendary Chicago eating spot was coming to Vegas. Nathan's and Pink's don't live up to the hype, in my opinion, but Wiener's Circle definitely does. Their chicken tenders are also some of the best I've ever had in my life -- Raising Cane's has nothing on them -- and the Krispy Kreme breakfast sandwich is worth the trip alone.Wiener's Circle even has big screen TVs hooked up to the Red Rock Casino sportsbook, so this will quite possibly be my go-to eating spot for all my favorite sporting events. The prime location next to the sportsbook also gives me a great excuse to bet more games (and hopefully win more money) throughout the year. This place has only been open a couple of weeks, but I've already eaten there multiple times.
4	Finally, a decent food joint at red rock.  Just had a cheese burger here.  At the beginning of biting into the hamburger, first comes a slight crunch from the grill.  Then, juice dripping all over into your mouth.  Your mouth will reach a balanced of a perfect summer poolside hamburger.  Just hope red rock can keep this place up by the sports book.
1	Do Not go to The Wiener's Circle for a Hot Dog!The roll and all the fix ens were great but the Hot Dog was so small the it was almost non existent.  The Hot Dog was pencil thin not more than 2 ounces of beef.I will not return!
3	Not too long ago, I saw an episode of The Best Thing I Ever Ate on Food Network where The Wiener's Circle in Chicago was featured by Ted Allen. Needless to say, I was pretty excited when they announced plans to open up here in Vegas. And while this location might not have the infamous rude service, they do have a pretty solid Chicago dog!Adding to the trend of transplants coming to Red Rock Casino, The Wiener's Circle can be found right next to the sports book in the old spot where Pink's once was. The restaurant has a decent amount of seating for it's size and is styled almost like a modernized 50's diner. Apart from a lonely fly wandering around, the place was pretty much spotless and thankfully doesn't have a second-hand smoke smell. It is a pay at the counter setup, but they do bring your food out and the two employees we encountered were friendly and helpful.When it comes to the menu, the main stars are of course dogs and burgers. There's several variations of the dogs, including their char dogs and boiled Vienna Reds. Each dog comes topped like a classic Chicago dog and can even bad had as a double, which is 2 dogs on 1 bun. For those who don't like it at all, they have no problem customizing one to your liking though. There are a few breakfast items on the menu as well, including a breakfast sandwich made with 2 Krispy Kreme doughnuts, which are also served at The Wiener's Circle.I opted for the double cheddar dog and while it wasn't the best hot dog I've ever had, it was still pretty good. The dog is charred on their specialized grill and since they are somewhat small, I'm glad that I got a double. It had a good snap to it and was surprisingly juicy. I love a good Chicago dog and ordered mine just as it came, but both the toppings and bun fell a bit short. The bun was just way too soggy and neither the tomato or pepper seemed fresh, as they were both pretty mushy. I'd definitely order without the cheese next time though as I think that just added to the sogginess. My meal also came with fries which have a coarse salt on them, but they were really greasy and just okay.Since they are in a casino, I don't want to complain too much about the price...but it is a tad on the high side for what you get. A double dog is $7-8 and as I mentioned, they are somewhat small. We ended up spending just over $20 for two meals, but if you have a lighter appetite, they offer a couple decently priced value meals. I do think they are a welcome addition to the Red Rock and would definitely return if in the area.
4	The burgers fries and chicken fingers were all awesome!  The bun was nice and soft and all the toppings were really fresh!  Yes a bit pricey but they are on groupon right now which made it a bargain especially for the quality of the food!  Can't wait to try the cheese fries they look amazing!  Love that the menu is simple it makes it easier for my kids to order!  We will definitely be back!
1	Not sure why the Red Rock got rid of Pink's and went with this place, but it was a bad decision.  Not nearly as big a variety of dogs and the char dog wasn't very good. The staff seemed a little out of it.  This was at lunch time during the week .
1	Wow...can't believe the positive reviews.  Had the mini dogs in a blanket.  Yuck!  Greasy with burnt ends.  My husband said he could have had a better meal from the dumpster.  It was over $6 for six little nasty bites.
3	We used a Groupon for our visit to Wiener's Circle. The counter service was prompt and friendly. The place was not very crowded and food was delivered to our table in a short period. We ordered a double and single char hot dogs. The single comes with French Fries and a drink. Both sandwiches come fully loaded with the Chicago style condiments. The char Hot Dogs are not as tasty or as juicy as a genuine Windy City dogs. The French Fries are nothing special. I tried to order the cheese fries but they were out.I would not make a special trip for these Hot Dogs but if you are in the Red Rock Resort and crave one it is convenient, especially if you are in the Sports Book and don't  want to miss any action.
2	Mediocre. There used to be a Pinks in the space that failed. I'd like to meet the moron who thought, "Oh, a hotdog chain with brand recognition didn't work out here... let's try a generic with lower standards, that'll do the trick!"It doesn't.Double-char dog is overly charred to the point that it's almost like jerky, not a hot dog. On the bright side, the bun didn't fall apart, but I took two bites and had no interest in finishing the thing. Not a good reaction considering it's a $7 hotdog and my immediate reaction was "7-11 has got this place beat."Add to the mediocrity by being out of cheese. Their cheese fries were likely going to be the only redeeming factor for my meal, but they're out. On a Monday. Here's an idea, maybe go stock up? Except the employees don't seem to give a crap. Service was dismal throughout visit.
3	This place is a nice addition to the Red Rock sportsbook but I can't see myself coming here too often. First of all, their food is overpriced unless you order off of the limited value menu or are just getting fries or Krispy Kreme donuts. You can get a pound of cheese fries for 5 bucks which is probably the best value they offer. It's pretty ridiculous that they're charging $6-8 for a Chicago style hot dog...there are more authentic and cheaper options in town if that's what you're looking for. I had a char turkey burger, 6 piece pigs in blanket and a strawberry shake. The turkey burger tasted like a normal beef burger, mainly because of the char from the grill. Either that or they gave me the wrong burger! The pigs in blanket were a little burnt and mostly blanket and not enough pig. The strawberry shake was decent and I finished it pretty quick. Although it still doesn't compare to In-N-Out's strawberry shake.I would come back if sitting at the sportsbook, but other than that likely not.
5	The best chicken tenders and char dogs! Service was great and so was the price.  Extra benefit sports book viewing while eating! Nice!
4	Don't listen to the haters.  Wiener's Circle is my second favorite Chicago-style hot dog place in Las Vegas (after Windy City.)  Even my wife liked it, and she's very hard to please (and not much of a hot dog lover.) The double char dog was great, and so were the fries. And the service was very friendly.   I'm looking forward to going back next time we see a movie or something at Red Rock.
5	We've had the cheese fries now and YUM!!!  Love the pigs in a blanket as well!!  Enjoy!!
5	The 2 guys that run this place are super cool. They are hard working guys who are trying to get this business off the ground and I support them. I've been here at least 4 times and they always are prompt and efficient.  The food is delicious too. The hot dogs are a good size and the toppings are ample.  The chicken fingers, like other people mention are amazing too!  My wife ordered the burger last night and she said that it was very good as well. I would return here and pay regular price and I hope that these guys can keep the business successful.
4	Ask for donut burger (not on the menu). It's amazzzingggg! Krispy cream glazed donut with juicy patty and cheddar cheese.
4	So long Pink's, hello The Wiener's Circle! I was sad to see Pink's go, but the location was never going to work with the jacked up prices and confusion with the names they gave the hot dogs compared to what they are actually called at the original location in California. So, The Wiener's Circle enters in its spot. Will it last? Time will tell! I must admit, I did watch the TV show they had on a while back and found the games they played with the customers (at night they curse at the customers and play crazy ass games... It's intended, expected to all customers and hilarious) funny. I was surprised they opened up in Vegas, but hey it saved me the trip to Chicago for the moment! The original location in Chicago has been in business for over 30 years.Looking over the menu board, I was surprised at how fair the prices were. The prices here range from about $2-$3 higher depending on the item compared to the Chicago menu. Being in a casino we can expect higher prices, but they weren't too outrageous. I ordered "Wieners in a Blanket" priced at $4.99 for 6. They are made fresh to order. I had my choice of sauce and chose honey mustard. That honey mustard had a real good flavor and paired nicely with the tasty blanketed wieners. They also come 12 to a order, but the 6 was good enough for me. Priced at $4.99 I also ordered "Cheddar Fries" and wow were they good! The fries are fresh cut and come 1 pound per order. The cheese they put on top was very good! Hubby and I split a "Char Polish" priced at $6.99 and came with mustard, relish, onions, pickle, tomato, celery salt and sport peppers. It was pretty good. Next time I would ask for a lighter char, but a decent hot dog with nice toppings. All the burgers and dogs come with those toppings unless you tell them to leave it off. They are happy to customize your order so just ask! If you are in a pinch for time you can phone your order ahead and just pick it up. Aside from lunch and dinner they also serve breakfast and offer Krispy Kreme doughnuts.
2	Pepsi!!! And regular Pepsi was not available! Worst hot dog ever. 7 Eleven hot fog is better. Tasteless fries. If you must eat there,burger is ok. I won't be back.not even with the half off groupon....
5	This place is amazing! By far the best hotdog place in Las Vegas! They are great prices and located right in the race and sports book! The prices are perfect for the quality of food here.... I totally recommend this place to everyone!!!!
5	Solid Chicago dogs.  I've not eatin at the original but this was the best I've had in Vegas.  My son had a cheddar burger & was in heaven.   I'll have to try that next time.
4	My mom and I had dinner here recently.  This place has been 3 or 4 different things since Red Rock opens.  Hopefully this one can succeed.  We both had standard char dogs.  They were nicely grilled without being two burnt.  We had a 1/2 pound of fries.  The cashier misunderstood what we said about wanting a 1 pound of fries but 1/2 pound was fine.  The fries are nicely crisp on the outside, soft inside with good flavor.We definitely will be back here when we want a quick, easy meal.
