5	I've been going to this club for 10 years now and this is still my favorite tennis club. They're not fancy not the best but you get a sense of a homey  kinda feel. They offer many different classes from the beginners to advanced for all ages and taught terrific instructors.
5	I just recently started playing tennis and this place is great! Prices are good and they have always had a court available with no wait every time I go.
5	I've been going here since high school and this is my favorite tennis club in AZ.The pros here are top notch. Greg Prudhomme is a fantastic teacher; he is always positive and he knows his stuff. Brian is also a great coach: he makes things very easy and I always find his tips very helpful.The part I like is they have programs that can fit my schedule and are reasonably priced. Attendance is flexible for adult clinics and we learn about two new things every time.Courts are well maintained and lighting is good (which is something I can't say about some other tennis clubs in AZ).
3	We use the softball fields here for 12-yr-old's baseball practice.  I know nothing about the racquet side of things.The softball fields are OK.  Three fields are well lit but one (the SE field) is terribly lit.  It's unevenly lit and it's not OK.  All the fields are typical of other public Glendale city fields - they are hard with a little dirt spread around every day or so.  They are overdue for some new infield dirt and the grass outfields are simply unimpressive.  I'd probably score them lower but the fact that we have lit fields at all is a good thing.
1	If you are looking fot Tennis classes for your kid, This is NOT a place to be. They have one basic class and put all their. Also getting money back is really a problem. Very poor Customer Care and a very bad place for Tennis lessons. Staff is clue less and Management does not care too.
1	If you are looking fot Tennis classes for your kid, This is NOT a place to be. They have one basic class and put all their.Also getting money back is really a problem. Very poor Customer Care and a very bad place for Tennis lessons.Staff is clue less and Management does not care too. I STILL have not got my money Thiefs !!
5	Great place to play with lots of players at various levels but mostly 3.5 and up.  The price is just $4 and if you are a newcomer or just a single person, there is 'drop in' doubles play every morning and it is always easy to get into a match.  People are friendly and there is a group that are there just about every morning and willing to play with anyone who shows up.
1	I was jogging in the area and noticed signs, so I went to check it out. The place seems nice enough, but I got the impression the manger Ed and his son seem to run the place and would rather sit all day and collect their pay checks. I would love to know how much money they make sitting around all day hoping no one comes in and bothers them. I think I'll contact the city to see what is up.
5	I started playing tennis two years ago.  I take lessons here with Ed.  I was sent here on a referral to take lessons with him! He's amazing!  Many of my teammates take lessons with him as well.  He is very knowledgeable of the game and very professional!  I highly recommend this place for any age, any level!
