5	The real deal. Zach is professional, understands client needs and goes beyond to deliver exceptional work. I hired Zach to for a product shoot and he was thorough in getting everything on the shot list and then some. He also spent countless hours touching up all the photos and delivered them back to me in record time because we were under the gun on this project. My client and I were more than pleased of the results.With so many people claiming to be photographers just because they own a camera, it's hard to find true photographers. So I am advocating for Zach because he knows his craft and has done awesome work to prove it. But you don't have to  take my word for it, you can call him yourself. He is the most upfront and honest photographer I've ever met. He is a pleasure to work with and an absolute artist.
5	We worked with MelonFish last week to photograph our baked goods for our new venture. Zach was a pleasure to work with, the set-up, shoot, and takedown went quickly and smoothly. Zach was helpful and cooperative, working with us to get the best result for each shot, and we weren't disappointed. The photography was even better than we had imagined.MelonFishPhoto is highly recommended, we would use Zach again without hesitation.
5	As Tim J. said, Zach did a product photo shoot for our bakery. Everything went great- he is professional and talented. The images turned out so great that i'm thinking about framing some of them. Seriously. If you're looking for an excellent photographer, look no further than MelonFish Photo. You will not be disappointed.
5	All I have to say is wow.  The auto picks and portrait pick that MelonFishPhoto did for me blew my mind.  I felt pretty confident after seeing some of the photos he had done, but my expectations were far exceeded.  He has a creative eye that caught much more than just the personality of the car.  The picture brought tons of people to my sites asking who shot the pics.  The portraits were truly great and fun to do.  I actually saw myself in a new light that I never saw before.  I loved it.  Anyone can take a picture, but very few people can take pictures that draw people in and seem to almost have an active emotion behind them.  I strongly recommend MelonFishPhoto to anyone for any photography need.
5	First off i have to say this man knows how to take a good photo. If its just messing around or setting up full blown sets for friends and clients. He has taking a few shots of my mug and he made it look good. so if your looking for some fantastic pictures by a man who knows his craft and actually enjoys what he does, choose MelonFish Photography.
5	This photographer is great - he has a good eye and is very professional. He was really good at understanding what kind of look and photographs I was looking for.  I did professional and kind of a fashion/portrait photoshoot.  I love the photos and would recommend him to anyone!
