3	Very fun bar, lots of room to dance. Lots of open space, good music. Over priced drinks tho...
5	Nice place.  Friendly service.  Courtney was professional and personable  I like the crisscross fries.  Healthy pita was good.  They should add sliders to the menu.  A lot of tvs for football.  And they open early on Sunday for 10am football.   A needed addition to mill ave.  Would be perfect with sliders
4	Cool atmosphere.  Lots of couch seating areas which is always good.  Food was decent but the service was a bit lacking.  Probably because they just opened and are going through growing pains.
5	This is a very cute bar, love the decor. Service was good and prices reasonable. The food was good and they had good drink specials. Lots of different mind erasers which are a blast! Good place to watch football as well. They have a DJ that plays music during commercial breaks which keeps the vibe fun and light. I hope this places lasts! That location is know as a death wish. Fingers crossed!!
1	My friends and I ventured to the south end of Mill Ave and wanted to try Firehouse. It was about 10pm on a Monday. Bar was not crowded, so the 3 of us stood at a prime spot waiting to order cocktails and shots for my friend's birthday. The young lady behind the bar was carrying on a conversation with her bar back, watching tv, and we were literally ignored. After several minutes past, we decided to go somewhere more welcoming. That corner seems to be cursed. We were pulling for this bar. I think it does okay in Scottsdale, but I've never been to that location. There are lots of options on Mill Ave to get great service and enjoy a night with friends. Unfortunately, Firehouse didn't do it for us. Better luck to the next business that opens up on that property. Customer service, especially a new bar trying to make a good first impression goes a long way....
1	Over 100 people waiting to get in and charging a cover. No bar is worth that. I'll go somewhere else that has cheaper drinks and no waiting on mill ave.
5	This place is awesome!  The establishment, the decor, and the service.  The food is good too, their special for a burger and beer for $5 is phenomenal.  Burger and beer is good.  There was no wait, the waitresses were very nice.  Our team will definitely be back (and have been a few times).I recommend it to anyone.
2	Well for starters I like the fact that finally a decent place has opened up in the big intersection of University and Mill. They are directly competing with Chilli's and P.F.Chang's now! ( Really??). Well the place doesnt seem too busy for now, not like the one in Scottsdale (atleast yet!). Place is very loud. The setting of the place and ambiance seem to be crying oldtown culture out loud, which brings some freshness to mill ave, but only time will tell how the crowd here is going to accept that. oh and I dont remember there being any drink specials or such. I wish I could give 'em 2.5 stars if Yelp allowed me to do so.
1	NO STARS!! This place sucks balls! Manager was rude with us and even took it upon himself to get in my face and cuss me out when his lil security boys came up!  Long story short they kicked us out and didn't want to give me back my credit card until I was out of the bar! Def worst place on Mill! We have already contacted the corporate office and they seemed very shocked and offered for us to back with free drinks and food but we declined.. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME HERE!!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! To start off.....It was my boyfriend's birthday and he's not one to like birthdays. Myself, being the event planner I am, wanted to make his birthday special and I wanted him to have an amazing time! So I got him a table at firehouse. We get there, skipped the line and told the guy I had a table. He then called the manager over, Josh, and he SO kindly escorted us to our table and got us settled right in. He got me THE best table in the house over looking the whole club behind the bar! It was awesome!! Josh was so cool and consistently checked up on us. I don't know why some of the other reviews say he's rude cause he was SO nice and accommodating. At one point he even brought my whole party a round of shots on the house! Our cocktail waitress Robyn was even more awesome! She was the best host I've ever had at a table. Anything I needed she was there and on point. We had another girl there too but I cant remember her name. She was just as great and helpful. They made sure my boyfriend always had a drink in his hand. Oh and! we also had security at our table so randoms couldn't linger up in there. Needless to say the night was awesome! I felt really well treated, the music was bumpin and my boyfriend had a GREAT time....success. I don't know why I don't do this every weekend?? It made me want to get a table every time I go there. Thanks Firehouse!
5	Firehouse is awesome at night, lots of people, and great service. Most of the time a bar at night does not have the greatest food during the day but firehouse is an exception! From burgers to chicken rolls! Only suggestion check bathrooms during the day more! Otherwise fun fun fun place at night!
5	Have been to the firehouse both day and night now, and while different vibes, both equally fun. During the day it's a great spot to watch football, have some grub and drink a mind eraser (or semester eraser depending on the week) with the girls. At night the music is loud, the dance floor is packed and the energy is fun.
5	This place is exactly what Tempe needed.  For the ASU crowd it is superb.  The staff is legit and friendly.  Decor is really cool.  If you are ever hungry after the bars close there is only one place to go RIGHT HERE at Firehouse Tempe!!!   Get Sum
5	By far the best new spot on Mill.  It has everything that Mill was lacking.  Firehouse Tempe has the best looking and most friendly staff I have visited on Mill.  They have more TV's then most other bars combined and always show big name events like UFC Fights and NFL Network games.  They have great food that is served all day and turns into a Tempe flavored Nightclub/Bar that accomodates anyone looking to have fun!  They have live music, dj's and weekly guess performances by well known artists!  You can even get affordable bottle service that allows you to be removed from the shoulder to shoulder crowds we have have been so accumstomed to on Mill (I would recommend the FireTruck VIP table behind the bar or the one-of-a-kind BLEACHER area to have your event!  Talk to Josh or RB, who are the managers there.  They always take great care of their customers and depending on what you are wanting to get out of your night, give awesome discounts for your party!FIREHOUSE TEMPE!!!!
3	Looks just like the one in Scottsdale, so that's good, 'cause I frequent that one a lot. Music was good, bumping some legit hip hop which is ALWAYS what I want to hear when I am dancing (not quite as good as the Saturday Firehouse Scottsdale DJ though). It's a different crowd for sure, which is to be expected. A lot of 21 year old boys trying to grind on me and anything else that appears to be female. I enjoy that it's a lot less pretentious than the Scottsdale location. My only complaints - the bar sucks. Both times I've been I was completely ignored by a female bartender and patrons who were after me were served first. That is shitty. I shouldn't have to wave my hands like you're coming in for a landing just to order 2 drinks. I know you see me. I have purple hair for Christ's sake. I'm a patient, respectful customer and totally understand that when it's busy, you have to simply wait your turn. But when your "turn" gets skipped 6 times in a row, you start to lose that patience. Maybe I'll just arrive here drunk for dancing so I don't need to order anything.Other complaint - got shoved by a large bouncer in the crowd whilst he was escorting out some drunk chick. I'm 5'2", so I pushed back not knowing it was a bouncer. He seriously gave me the look of death. Like, "bitch PLEASE." Then he came back 5 minutes later to give me a tongue lashing. Not even the sexual kind damn it. He just threatened to kick me out and told me I was lucky he didn't. I logically explained why I pushed back - that I didn't know it was a bouncer and he did push me rather hard. I'm a tiny chick and you're a large man, wtf? Just place your hand on the small of my back and move me! That's what other bouncers do. I know you're doing your job homie and I respect that, but it's kind of fucked up to push me and when I react, to tell me I'm "lucky" I didn't get kicked out. You're lucky I didn't dropkick you from where I was standing! I'm JK I totally would've broken my foot on your bicep. Peace & Love
4	Went to watch the football game at Firehouse on Sunday around 2. The service was good, they had plenty of tv's with different games on there. The crowd was very young, but I should except that being on Mill Ave. I had a good time there and would go back.
3	a bit overpriced for the food quality. i got the wings not enough sauce and the service wasn't good. our waitress wasn't very attentive at all, we had to keep asking for things instead of her offering to do things like refills. the atmosphere is nice and they have tons of tvs for the games. its an ok place.
2	I was in the area for business and we came across this place while in search of some dinner. The menu looked okay so we decided to try it.Complaints:-took forever to get service-waitress got the order wrong (wrong kind of sauce with the wings)-chicken pita wrap came with buffalo sauce when I ordered no sauce-when it started to turn from restaurant to club, the guy that asked us to take our table was very rude. It is your typical bar/restaurant/club place.  Don't go expecting anything more.
2	I like the decor... was definitely impressed by the amount of TVs.  My boyfriend and I sat at a high top to watch the ASU game.  The place was a  little empty but it was still pretty early in the day.  I'm curious to see how it acts as a club.Salads were overpriced, but who honestly orders a salad at a bar?  You shouldn't.  But we did anyway.  I didn't realize that bacon on a salad meant bac-o's, Firehouse... but thank you for educating me.Had a vodka soda.  It wasn't great.  Our waitress was super sweet though & really attentive.  Next time, I'll try this place when I'm in the mood for wings & beer.
2	This is the place to drink.....and thats about it.Disappointed with this place althoughI wasn't expecting a ton.  Looked like a nice beer selection with pretty decent prices so I probably should have just sticked to that.I ordered a salad (bar and salad usually dont mix i know) but I thought what the heck.  The salad was average at best and at $13 I would have expected a lot more.  The other stuff on the menu might be better, but I'm in no hurry to find out.  Overall, looks like a good place to booze and watch the game and in the grand scheme of things, thats not a bad deal.
4	Well if you know where the bargains are on Mill, your life will have less complaints. Post Angels game, we stopped here for happy hour, that special time on Mill when all the college kids are not ready to go out. That usually leaves 75% of the bars on Mill 1/2 or less empty from 4-8pm. I had no idea of the $5 burger and brew deal until I looked at that thingy on the table. WAitress never mentioned it, but I was so lost in her blue eyes, it was easily forgiven. That burger turned out great (photo) with cheddar and the usual lettuce, etc, but it was a 1/2 pound and cooked perfectly. No side dish is given, but not needed anyway. Appetizers are also half-price and yeah the menu seems to have kept all the Scottsdale prices. There are few items under $10 and my friends chicken pita was good as well, but a few bucks overpriced. Great empty patio on a 80 degree day, people watching and good grub. Just gotta know where to find the deals.
4	While I do agree with previous posts that some of the staff is a tad rude, I like the environment and the music most of the time.
2	The drinks are pricey, the hoes are raggedy and ratchet assedy, and the music is loud even for a club.I'd rather sit on a patio and drink reasonably priced beer. Guess I'm getting old.
1	I'm at ASU this summer with about 600 other people who are part of a nationwide organization famous for placing teachers in poorly-performing school districts. 30-ish of us decided to check this place out, and let me break down our experience for you.We walked in, and the DJ was playing songs that few people knew or felt like dancing to. One person was dancing, and it was a gentleman in his 50s or 60s that we thought must work for the bar. One of the girls in our group asked the DJ to play "Wobble," since the Wobble has become the activity that our organization does to unwind after a hard day or week. The DJ told her he was "too cool" to play it, and when she told him that was a hipster thing to say, he called her the B-word.The group that I came with ended up forming a dance circle in the middle of the club, which succeeded in getting people outside of our group to dance. Without our help, I feel pretty confident that the older gentleman would still have been the only one dancing all night. At 11:30 on a Saturday, other people should be on the dance floor.Later in the evening, after the DJ played Daft Punk's "One More Time," I went up to him to follow up. Our conversation went as follows:Me: "I heard you're 'too cool' to play the Wobble," I said.DJ: "That's right.""But you'll play 'One More Time,' which is easily Daft Punk's most mainstream song.""Yes. If you think the wobble is comparable to any Daft Punk song, you're delusional.""I love Daft Punk. I just don't understand your logic. What are you playing next."DJ points to his screen. It's "Scream and Shout" by Will.I.Am. and Britney Spears."You think this song is better than the Wobble?" I say."Yeah. This song has substance."I frown at him. "The Wobble was a hit," I say."No it wasn't.""It was!""Never on the radio.""Yes, it was.""No. I work for the radio. I work for CBS. It never made national rotation." (this, I must interrupt, is BS. "Wobble" hit the Billboard Top 100. So yes, it did make 'national rotation.')"So that's your basis? Songs that made national rotation? No songs that were hip hop/R&B hits?""No. Now I'm tired of this stupid argument, and you're being stupid, so leave."I did leave, and I brought my fellow teachers with me. Thanks for the great night, Firehouse.---Edited to fix typos.
3	I was excited when I heard Firehouse was coming to Mill. I like the clubby vibe, but it tends to be really packed on game days. Other than that it's still is a fun place to dance, I would just recommend getting a table!
5	The Firehouse is the best bar in Tempe. I have lived in Arizona for 10 years and I have been to many bars in tempe. The Firehouse is by far the best. They have the best happy hour in town and the food is great. I love watching ASU football and basketball games there. The layout of the bar is awesome with nice flatscreen TV's. I have thrown a couple celebration parties there. I like that there is a lot of room and the bartenders are awesome. I take all of my out of town friends here to show them what bars in Arizona should be like. Here's a list of reason that you should go here.1. It's the best bar in Tempe2. It's the nicest bar in Tempe3. Best Happy Hour in Tempe4. Best bartenders in Tempe5. Very Clean6. It is not very expensive7. A great bar for large parties8. They have a ton of parking9. It's right next to ASU10. Best Restaurant in TempeIf you are looking for a fun bar in Tempe I recommend this one.
2	We went there for lunch. We were there 10 minutes and our car was towed. We were visiting from out of town. The place was empty, it would have been nice is the waitress altered us about the parking. What kind of restaurant doesn't have parking out back? They called us a cab and packed our food to go. The food was o.k.
5	What the heck is happening..? Okay, I can honestly say that this place is cool. Cool like 'old school'. I had a group of friends that got together for a night out on the town and we had a blast. Everything was wonderful. From the drinks, food and atmosphere...top notch all the way. I'm really happy we had such a great time at a random bar in Tempe...we are all fans and will FOR SURE be back ! Can't wait. Stop in and enjoy a wonderful experience.
3	Popular spot on Mill. It's different from the other places, but too much like Scottsdale for Mill
3	its ok if your into overpriced drinks and excessively loud music
3	Great TV set up for watching games. Other than that this place is pretty meh. Beer section is pretty average, as is the food. While the girls are very polite, the service is overall slow and in attentive.
2	Stop by for Minute.. was on Mill on 11-5 after 10pm..  bathroom was poor, floor need attn. Bar Staff didnt acknowledge me.. Signage outside not easily readable.
4	Like all the bars on Mill, you can only expect one restroom with a line the size of the Great Wall of China, so I guess that doesn't count. Other than that, while the drinks cost a little more than what I like, they're not Scottsdale prices. The parking is complicated, as usual, with any bar or place on Mill that doesn't have a private lot. There is a lot that is a small walks away but I'm fat as fk now. If you don't care about paying a meter, that's a better alternative.The decor is alright. They've plenty of TVs. They've got a front of a fire truck in the DJ section of the bar which is pretty cool. They've got decent amount of seating.The girls that were here were pretty good looking. Bartender girls...good looking. Waitress girls...pretty good looking. Hoes....pretty ratchet, which is also good in a way. Means that I've cum to the right place, LOL. Music is alright. New hip hop which sucks compared to old hip hop but what do these new whippersnappers know about real music, right? A'ight.I didn't know they served food but I have only come here for drinks.All in all, well done.
1	I'm pissed! We went to Firehouse today and the food and service was find but I came out and my truck was towed because I parked in the only available spot next to Jack in the Box. I went back into Firehouse and I asked "Do people get towed" They answered "oh yes all the time" Then I asked, "Why don't you tell your customers to help them avoid getting towed?" They said "well there are signs everywhere." Do you really think anyone would risk eating their again after getting towed and they don't even extend the courtesy of warning you about the parking. Stupid irresponsible business practices. Obviously they don't care about their customers.
3	I'm an older gentleman and like to grab a beer every once in a while. I went to firehouse this past week and was impressed but not going to be going there often because of the prices. THe ladies were also dressed gross and not lady-like.
1	This place is awful. We came in on Thursday night and sat down at a table. There were only a few people at the bar and no one else sitting anywhere in the bar. After 10 minutes a guy came over to take our order but he acted impatient and annoyed with us like he was irritated that he actually had to work. Right after he took our order a waitress came over and asked if we ended anything. We told her we just placed our order and she said she would come back later to see if we needed anything. After 20 minutes we were ready to order food but our server was no where to be found. At this time there was only 1 other person in the entire bar and there were 3 servers standing in the back playing on their phones. There were 3 bartenders behind the bar doing nothing either. We had to get up and track our waitress down to place an order. She finally came over but acted annoyed again that she actually had to work. We eventually paid our bill and got the hell out of there (we could have walked out without paying and they never would have known). This was the worst service we have had in a long time.
1	Terrible. Unless you enjoy sub par service ! This is the 3rd time here and still a bust. It is not busy. And the waitress found more time to socialize then to check on our table and see if we wanted anything else. Menu's were taken from us after ordering appatizers. Did I want dinner well yes! Will I get it here? No not unless you want to ask the waitress that pulled the wedgie out of her but then proceeded to serve others. Avoid this stop.
4	Finally I visited this place. It was unplanned, on a whim on a fight night. I must say that I enjoyed myself. I found it to be a more bar-oriented Hooters without any negative suggestion of what this franchise comparison might entail. Modern, open with cute females holding the fort - catch the drift?!There is televisions all over the place, so tracking the fight was easy. The ladies working the bar was busy (can't hold that against them), attentive and cute. At one point I ordered food at the bar, and the girl took the order and left without knowing where I was seated. Apparently they don't have pizza anymore, despite what the menu indicates so when she found that out - she hunted me down to tell me. I like that a lot, as I would been pissed if I sat and waited for food that never would come. I will come back the Firehouse, especially if I have a group of people that comes together. I am sure that the Firehouse can accommodate this - and it will happen. Besides this, it seem to have a casual atmosphere and only a modest amount of fire-related paraphernalia. This is good - we don't need anything that can bring us back to the Bubba Gump holocaust of aggressive-happiness forced theme.And on that note, I think that's all I had to say about that!
3	We went there on a Friday for lunch during ASU's summer break so it was understandably empty. It looks like a place that could get crowded given its close proximity to the university. It has a typical set up with an enormous bar, couch-booth seating and high tops.Unfortunately, the food was expensive and not particularly good. The server was nice but noticeably absent despite there being about 5 other people in the whole restaurant.We walked after parking at ASU but I'm sure that attempting to park anywhere near this place is going to be difficult. I don't think it's their fault, it's just the location doesn't offer any place to park. You're going to have to park some distance away and walk.Overall, just not worth it for the sub-par food. Maybe it's good as a bar during the school year but for lunch, pass on it.
3	We came in the middle of the day for a drink and sat at the bar. The girls were super good looking and really chatty. They poured us some spicy drinks and left us to enjoy. U liked the vibe and the decor and my super massive rum and coke. A+ on all above mentioned things.We went back to the truck about 30 min. later having parked at Jack in the Box to find our truck gone. We assumed it was stolen since we didn't see any signs...a man pulls  up and tells us that the second we walked into the bar, a tow truck came and hauled the truck! WTF!? Long story short (long ANGRY story)...the lot is a scam and they sit there waiting for you to leave your car and will tow immediately to some scummy, scary lot. (Our cab driver wouldn't let me out of the car and sent my bf to deal with them...that kind of scary). The lot actually asked for more money than had been agreed upon. Shady. Apparently this happens a lot. Someone is making a killing off that tiny vacant lot.I wish this didn't have to go under Firehouse's reviews, but it's a forewarning to other people. Seriously the most expensive drinks I've had in a very long time..haha
3	This place is now CLOSED.
