4	This is the best chinese food that I have found in Charlotte so far. It meets the standard of the Chinese food up North.  Of course many places in New York still have them beat but they hold their own here.  Their food is fresh, hot and tastes like good quality Chinese take out.
3	These place is OK with me. No frills... just QUICK Chinese food.Great Ice Tea (oddly enough)
4	Great foodThey need someone able to better converse in english answering the phones.
1	it was fine until they started letting a child take orders and ring up food.  I have three recommendations.  1. Learn the child labor laws in this country.  2.  Teach him respect.  3. Teach him to count
5	The negative reviews simply do not jibe with what I know about this place.  The service is NOT horrible.  They do NOT violate child labor laws (occasionally the owner's children have manned the counter before, they are courteous, whip-smart and accurate to a fault).  Lastly, the portions are NOT tiny.  Anyone thinking their portions are tiny, well I imagine they have one heck of an appetite. This is a takeout only place that I have frequented since they opened in the early 90s.  It has been run by the same people since day one.  The one or 2 times there was any mix up with my order they happily corrected it.  Speak up politely, politeness works both ways you know.The area has declined since the days when there was a Wal-Mart right there and the strip mall the Fortune Garden was in was pretty much fully occupied.  So, it is a little sketchy looking area at night.  Otherwise it is clean, and they are very quick.The food and portions are very good.   I am a big guy and I love to eat.  That said, I can always get 2 meals out of one of their dinner combos, which generally run $7.99. And, if you've ordered several items for multiple people they throw in some freebies (extra fried rice, soda, etc).So don't be deterred by the couple of negative reviews.  If you like Chinese food, and want to take out, and are in the area give it a try.  My family has been eating from there for over 20 years.
