4	I haven't even tried the coffee -yet - and I'm a fan, plenty of other things to wet the whistle. the owner is friendly, the atmosphere is inviting and relaxing. Fun decor and wi-fi, what else could I ask for? nothing. Love this place, I will continue to hang out there whenever possible.
5	I love the atmosphere of this coffee shop. They roast their own beans to give them a little extra love. Check this place out. Hidden in an alley across from the Mesa southwest museum... A must go for coffee and kicking back.
5	I discovered this cute little cafe by searching on yelp and was pleasantly surprised.  Its adorable, relaxing, atmosphere is complemented by the friendly owner and fresh flowers on each table.  You feel at home even if it's your first time. The coffee is wonderful and the free wii fi makes it the perfect spot to work, study, or meet friends for a coffee break.  Once you discover this hidden gem you will definitely be back!
5	Cute little cafe across the street for the AZ Natural History Museum.  Love the throwback decor, games, & split cafe in between the alley-way.  Fruit & honey scones were yummy!  Def less pricey & more inviting than Starbucks.
4	Super cute little coffee shop tucked away in Downtown Mesa. Coffee is good and the baked goods are even better. I love how nice the staff is, I definitely felt at home.
4	You would hardly know this shop was here without Yelp or a keen eye on Macdonald St. Tucked off the west side of the road is this quaint coffee shop with eclectic (you guessed it) vinyl artwork covering the walls. The space inside the main shop is limited but several tables line the corridor along the entrance with an adjacent "side b" room where you're invited to sit and relax with a steaming cup of joe. My friend ordered a chai tea latte and I opted for a regular cup of coffee. I was felicitously surprised to be given the choice of Sumatra or Guatemalan. I picked the Sumatra and we chilled (literally - it was cold) outside at table. I would have liked more time to stay and hang out because the location does provide for a pleasantly serene environment. Very neat little place!
5	My husband and I were going to visit the AZ Natural History Museum, when we saw a bright yellow sign pointing down a small alley for coffee. I am a sucker for cute, cozy little family owned businesses. I was very pleasantly surprised as I walked down the alley, filled with flowers and plants from the nursery next to it. I felt like I was in a dreamy town far from Mesa!   We both had regular-sized chai lattes, and oh my goodness, heaven in your mouth! Best chai latte we have both had! Get the large, or you will regret it, trust me. Along with our delicious drinks, I had an asiago bagel with cream cheese, and my husband had a cinnamon crumb cake.  Once again, holy yumness batman!   The service there was awesome! A very humble and kind lady helped us, pretty sure she was the owner. Excellent service, we felt right at home! She even adjusted the heat personally for us, since it was surely the only cold day in AZ!   Prices were very fair- Less than Starbucks, for MUCH better coffee/baked goods! We will come back to downtown Mesa just for this coffee shop, it is that awesome!
4	Friendly. Cool shop. Thanks for a great espresso.
5	The owner is sweet and dedicated. She has helped me to make my selections by providing tips and information about them - like my first espresso . The baked goods are yummy and there are things for my daughter to have too. The sitting areas inside and outside are relaxing and there are children's books too to keep them occupied while you relax, free wifi too :) love her dedication to downtown Mesa. *tip stop by next time you are at The Mesa  historical ( dinosaur ) museum she's right across the street in that cute little cluster of shops.
4	A cute hidden caffeine-filled gem in the heart of dt Mesa. I've stopped here before while visiting the Natural History Museum about a year ago. Nothing has changed--and that's a good thing. You never know this place was here without a little bit of direction, but knowing that it's safely tucked away makes this place that much more intimate. The coffee is good (and strong!) and there's a separate room set aside to read, write, draw, or whatever you do while you enjoy your fix. Overall, if you find yourself in ft Mesa, swing by this place and see what you've been missing!!
