4	I happened to stumble upon Francesca's at Kierland recently while running a few errands. It looked very interesting so I decided to go in and take a gander. I was pleasantly surprised at all the funky fun jewelry and accessories. My friends tell me I am their fashion icon because I have a knack for throwing together a killer outfit for any occasion from anyone's closet. Anyone need a stylist??? Francesca's is the perfect place to pick up some unique accessories and clothing inexpensively. I am always looking for pieces that are original and that no one else has and I found quite a few items here to add to my wardrobe. I highly recommend stopping and checking it out if you are in the neighborhood!
4	i almost always forget francesca's exists, but once i walk in i could explore for hours. it is a small space that makes me feel creative.there's a careful selection of gifts, clothing ( including crazy cute dresses!), jewelry, purses, candles and ... yeah, tons of unique, sometimes kitschy stuff. today's visit was to finish up some christmas shopping. service was sincere and took a hands off approach. no one bothered me about whether or not they could help me or if i was looking for anything specific. when i asked questions the staffers genuinely seemed happy to help. everywhere you turn you see whimsy and fun.  i walked out with a travel journal for my boss and a gift card for a friend. i wish i hadn't already done most of my shopping because there were so many fun  things to choose from. if only i could remember francesca's the next time i need to buy a gift ...
5	I LOVE this shop! It's got the boutique style and quality of clothing that is really unique and not in department stores, which I love. But I also like that it's a chain that is near where I live. I think every time I've gone, I've ended up picking up something cute, whether it's a top, dress, or one of their little knick knacks. The only downside is how quickly small sizes can sell out, and there are usually no more than 2 of each size available in any item, so you gotta be quick. If you like it, buy it--it probably won't be there if you decide to come back! The employees are super nice and very helpful with suggestions, so it makes me more inclined to come back. They have sales pretty regularly at the shop and online, so it gives me a good excuse to refresh my wardrobe. I feel more trendy now that I started shopping here, and more girly, which I think also pleases my bf. =)
5	This shop makes this tomboy feel so girly. I am not a big fan of shopping or accessorizing. Other boutiques and department stores are out of my budget and the cheaply made junior clothes found in the malls don't fit my chest or my hips. Francesca's is my dream come true. A relaxed and unpretentious boutique with clothes of fairly good quality. Tons of cute dresses under $50. Clothes that fit my curves. Lots of accessories. A fun and unique gift section. The salespeople are perfect. Helpful and kind but not pushy. Woohoo! As good as it gets!
4	What a cute boutique.  I have been going to Kierland for so many years and I never went inside this place.  I was there last Friday visiting the store next door and decided to check it out.  Lately, I have been on a hunt for big earrings.  I found 2 pairs that were really nice.  Prices are very reasonable.  They have a variety of items.  If it wasn't because I was meeting a friend, I would have checked out more items.  They had a great sale on outerwear items.
4	Great place to find cool and funky accessories. Love it!!
4	Absolutely LOVE this store! You wouldn't know that is a franchise when you walk in! The clothes are so cute and diverse and reasonably priced. The accessories are super fun to buy as well!
4	Boutique type store without the boutique prices. They always seem to offer a lot of eclectic and different types of clothing items. Lots of colors and prints to choose from. They frequently have BOGO sales, and I just bought a pair of shoes since they were all 50% off. This is also a great place to buy accessories, they have a lot of trendy items at reasonable prices. The staff there is also very nice and helpful. The only downside is that the store is a little cramped with merchandise.
5	Hands down this is my favorite store in the Kierland commons! The best selection is offered here with news things added all the time. Store is extremely organized and super friendly staff!
4	There is always so much to see in this boutique, that I go around twice for fear that I've missed something...And I'm usually right!  One thing that I like about the store is that the sales rack is the first thing that you see when you walk in. (Nice!!!) It is to the left of the entrance.  Everything on the rack is usually half off. For an added treat, a clearance table is in the very back. (Sweet!)  The sales associates can be more friendlier; but then again, they are usually busy teenagers. Again, it is a very small space with lots to see... clothing, shoes, jewelry, handbags, gag-gifts, what-nots, etc. Take you time, discover, and leave happy!
