4	Whenever I feel too land-locked and forget what the ocean looks like, I head off to Islands.  Maybe it has something to do with the freaky-tiki kind of decor, or the surf videos that play constantly.  I Like It Here.  Yes, it is a chain.  Yes, it is smack in the middle of the Desert Ridge Marketplace.  No, I don't care.Islands restaurants are everywhere in So Cal, and they are all consistently good for a casual meal.  I was happy to see that there is a location in Desert Ridge - nice and close to me!  The service is friendly and attentive - you aren't left panting for a drink refill.  My faves are the North Shore tacos and the Sandpiper chicken breast sandwich.  If you are in the mood for some bad for you goodness, definitely try the cheddar fries.  A plate laden with their fresh-cut fries just covered with cheddar cheese and chives.  Served with ranch dressing, it is artery-hardening perfection.  Who needs a fork!?  Just use your fingers!!
4	I had some co-workers go to this place for lunch and rave about it.  I couldn't agree more.  I thought it was a very good lunch.  The burger was tasty, fries were good, and plenty of sodas to keep my thirst quenched.  THe prices were good, no complaints here, very fair.The wait staff was good, nothing that was "absolutely amazing" but they definitely did their job, drinks, food, and ticket were all on time, that's all that I wanted and expected. The decor was very cool, it feels like you're on an "island".  So i dug that.  I'm a fan and will definetely return.
3	In fairness to Islands, I'm not a burger fanatic.  I didn't even want a burger necessarily, but since Islands was the closest thing to a vacation I might see this year, and they are known for their fine burgers, this is where we ended up.We started with chips and salsa.  "Started with.." There lies my problem.  Why do I always have to "start with" something.  Why not "start with" my entree like a normal person.  I digress, I'm having a fat day.The chips were a little over browned, but it's just a chip right?  The guacamole was actually pretty good, however.  I went with the Big Wave cheeseburger.  I love that the bun was toasted, but it was on the greasy side.  Other than that, no complaints, was actually quite a good burger.  The fries (thick cut-skin on) were not very good, however.  They were hot, but didn't seem fresh.  We did have great service though.Islands is quite a distance from me, so I think I would save the gas money and fly to Hawaii instead.  Funny how that was almost true not too long ago.  But if you're at Desert Ridge, it's worth the stop.
2	I found myself with an hour to waste last week while I waited for work on my cell phone. So I decided to go in for a bite to eat since it was dinner time and the smell in the parking lot was good. I ended up having a nice time as I set at the bar and conversed with a senior couple that comes in frequently. We both ordered appetizers since they were half price at happy hour and we all had a drink. I had a bottle beer. They only offer a dollar off drinks at happy hour and they are still overpriced.The food was ok. The bartender that basically ignored me and had 3 others assist me kept talking to the couple I was talking to also. She never spoke to me or made any eye contact. HmmmmAnyway she said on more than 3 accounts how she loved the cheese fries and onion rings we were sharing. Maybe she wanted some? Well the orders were bigger than the 3 of us could consume and we trashed the remaining. LOLI thought the Onion rings were grand, but was not impressed with the cheese fries. At half price they are a good deal for either but at full price I would rethink before spending 7 bucks on fries.
5	AMAZING FOOD!! I actually worked here at this exact location for 6 years. I have eaten every item on the menu. Everything that Islands servers is prepared and made with perfection! The service is friendly and pleasant and best of all its FAST! Islands is a great place for a nice lunch or fun dinner. The lively and tropical atmosphere really sets this restaurant apart from any other. i could strongly urge anyone with a appetite!
4	I had a fantastic burger here the other night, place was busy but service was still good!  I'll be back!
3	I have a soft spot in my heart for Islands. In college it's where we would go for lunch after a long night out on the town and piece together said long night from everyone's memories or lack thereof. We'd get cheese fries and salads or soft taco's and stay for hours it seemed like. Now in my 30's and relatively settled down I wanted to go for lunch before a movie with my sweetie. Not quite the same. Different location but same college age servers and cutesy beach swag everywhere. No cheese fries for this rear end I am sporting now meant just chips and salsa (blah blah a thousand times blah) and a cobb salad. I ordered the  both the creamy vinaigrette and greek dressings on the side and both were tart as sucking on a lemon wedge. The salad itself was good except for the pound of blue cheese it contained. Oh Islands, I have wonderful memories of you, but I have since grown up and moved on.....Good luck.
4	Islands is a great place to go if you are in the mood for a burger and don't want to spend a lot of money. The service at this location is very good and the food is delicious! The food also comes out very quick and I really like how the servers at this place are on top of things. The little things like bringing extra drinks when they see you're getting low, and making sure that everything is satisfactory for you really shows that they care for the customer. I really enjoy getting the Kilauea which is a jalapeno and black pepper encrusted burger with pepper jack cheese and chipotle aioli, it is so tasty! If you're not in the mood for a burger, they also have salads, sandwiches, tacos, etc.. I also really enjoy the fries at this place, and they also have some really good desserts that are fairly large in portion. I remember after I ate my burger and fries I decided to ordered the Chocolate Lava for dessert which is a chocolate brownie topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, cherries, almonds and chocolate syrup, a fairly simple but delicious dessert. I thought the dessert would be around the size of my fist like some other restaurants do, but it was much larger which I think is awesome.
4	Sat outside with a small group of people so as to enjoy the mild weather.That mango margarita with an extra shot in it was fabulous (so much so that I ordered a second one the same way), and those cheddar fries...!!  My friend did not steer us wrong on those!Freshly cut skin-on potatoes fried crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.  Not greasy at all, and piping hot, too!  On top of the mound of freshly-fried potatoes was melted (cheddar?) cheese and chopped chives or green onions.  They were really delicious with the ranch dipping sauce served alongside.  Soooo goood!  I'll certainly get those again!
4	Great burger, taco, salad, nacho place.  I love the decor, feel like I am in Hawaii.  Quick service and the Strawberry Lemonade is yummy.Seems no matter when I go, I never have to wait, but they are packed.I love the burger slections, something for anyone.
4	We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table on a Friday night after 7pm.  It would have been a 30 minute wait for an outside table which would have been preferable to us.Went with my son and husband.  I ordered a Mangorita and enjoyed it.  My husbands Pina Colada was also very tasty.Husband got pork tacos and was happy with them.  Son got a teriyaki burger and loved it.  I had a Hula veggie burger and it was good but I was wishing I had ordered the Teriyaki one also.  I ordered the french fries with cheese and scallions on them.  At first they tasted good but then they started to taste fishy.  (The likely fry them in the same oil?)Great place to bring the kids.  Service is good and the ambiance is fun.  The kids meals are a great size.  My two littlest ones could easily share one meal if we bring them next time.
4	Love the burgers and onion rings !
4	Their burger selection is awesome, and their unlimited fries are delicious and of course plentiful.Their drinks are also really great. Good combination and flavors.Good service, great prices, good place for a family to dine out.They accommodate well to gluten free people as well!I have been to other locations and this one is probably better.
4	Maui chicken sandwich is so flavorful!  I cannot wait to go back when I am in Phoenix again.  This place can get busy so make sure to come early before you get too hungry.  I love the never ending french fries!
3	Corporate food thats not half bad.Second time we have been here, the burgers are very good as are the fries.  The fish taco is very stodgy as its like a heavy english style fish-in-chip fish portion that sits on a bland corporate corn tortilla.....not a favorite choice of mine.The service was excellent and its not a bad place at all.  Great stop after the movies!
3	I've somehow been here twice in the past week. The first time was on a Saturday night at 6, so of course they were busy. We had to wait 10 minutes which wasnt a big deal at all. However once seated service got reallllly slow. Food took a while to come out. Though it was good. Last night I ended up here with the Hubs. So a Wednesday night at about 630. We got seated right away. It wasnt busy in the slightest, yet somehow the food took even LONGER to come out. So so slow. But it was good. So there is that. So if you go be prepared to wait forever, for tasty food. Maybe take a snack?
4	my son really enjoys islands, great food, casual kid freindly atmoshpere we go here quite a lot and seem to keep coming back
5	One of my favorite reasons to go the the Desert Ridge Mall is so I can go to Island's. I am a vegetarian and I will start by saying that Island's is a very vegetarian friendly restaurant. All of their burgers can be made using a vegetarian veggie patty instead of the usual meat. The staff is also really knowledgeable and will answer any questions you have about ingredients or toppings. Since I am addicted to their burgers I have yet to try anything else on the menu, but a friend of mine always gets Island's tacos and says they are to die for. Island's also has the most amazing french fries! Best of all the french fries are bottomless! The awesome servers never object to bringing you an extra plate of french fries to go with your meal.This Island's is one of my favorite places to go for casual, fun food!
4	I love their burgers and my favorite are the mahi tacos! (if thats how you spell it) you can get unlimited frys and every one is nice in there. The only thing is i think the prices are just a little too pricey for some of the things. Other than that they are a thumbs up for me!
4	The pros: friendly, personable serviceAmazing fries and fun atmosphereThe cons: can be a bit expensive Absolutely not healthy and very limited healthy options.
4	I went here with my sister yesterday. I loved the atmosphere, the food was great, and our server Chad, was awesome. I may be a bit "old", but the noise was too loud for me, but otherwise than that, everything was good!
3	I used to like going to islands burgers, but there is just something about them that I can't quite pick out. I probably just ate here more often than I should have and now don't like going any more. Their burgers are decent, and I wouldn't say no if going with a group, bu my personal opinion is to swing by In-N-Out or Yard House if I want to be served.
4	This is a great alternate to a place like Red Robin: it's super casual and fun with pretty good food. I usually just get your basic cheeseburger and it tastes less dried out than Red Robin. The service is great and always friendly and fast. I do love their french fries and seasoning. Had the onion rings for the first time and those were definitely a repeat order. Cool vibe with surfing and wakeboarding videos playing. Great for families and kids.
4	I love this place and their burgers. Had their turkey burger and it was delicious!! Clean and bright restaurant, great wait staff...will be back!!
4	My first meal at Islands was a lot of fun. Its a neat looking place and the burgers really are quite good. I liked the fries that you could get refills on. The wait staff were all super nice, but they could check in on tables a lot more. That would be my only issue with the restaurant as we waited awhile to get what we needed. I really enjoyed the food though!
5	Great hamburgers and great service. Love this place. You must try the Hawaiian burger with fresh onion rings. It's the best!
3	Came here midweek to get those Island feelings pre Willie K concert at the MIM. The former is a Hawaiin musician which inspired us to give this over the top chain restaurant  a whirl. Happy Hour was a good deal.Mai Tais - greatSliders-exceptionalQuesadilla- I don't like salsa inside my Q, it is off puttingPoke- nicely seasoned but cut too large and cut unevenly. One piece huge, another miniscule.. it was annoying in the mouth.Service pleasant.We will return if the stars ever align in which we are going to the MIM to see another Hawaiin musician and are hungry.
2	The server was nice but just left us with empty pop for a while.  My wife's chicken bowel...I mean bowl...was no good.  Nothing was seasoned, the chicken wasn't seasoned, the broccoli florets had brown rotten spots on 2 of them and the bowl was room temp.  My fish tacos had room temp. chipotle cream sauce with a dearth of seasoning and the corn tacos were punctured and fell apart.  The bean soup was not charra beans it was soup.  The quesadilla appetizer before it all had about 8 hunks of tomato in the pico de gallo and the cheese was 2 inches away from the edges at parts.  The place was packed because it's in the mall.  I will give 2 stars because the waitress was heartfelt friendly, but the food was anemic.  The hostess did not crack a smile the whole time, I watches as were next to the hostess station.
4	You can't go wrong with Island Burgers! The service is great and the food is good. However, don't get the fish tacos.  It was bland and it took forever to cook.  I have been going to Islands since I was a teenager.  The tortilla soup is my fave! Full of flavor and never disappoints.  The staff is always very nice, almost too nice but I like that!! I would definitely recommend this tasty spot with friends or family.
3	Islands is one of those chains I really enjoy coming back to.  When my family first used to come to Arizona to see my older brother at ASU, then when they came to see me years later, we probably ate at the old Mill Avenue location every visit.  The burgers are really good and I love that they can be ordered on wheat buns.  My personal favorite item is the Yaki.  It's a chicken taco, but with pineapple, jack cheese and teriyaki sauce.  You'd think you could get this anywhere, but for some reason it's fairly unique to Islands.So why only three stars?  It's not because I'm anti-chain snob, it's because there's one big drawback for some diners who eat at this location at Desert Ridge that sticks out to me.  The tables are mostly four top booths, and four top round tables that are bolted into the floor (meaning you can't push them together).  We came as a big party and were told it would be at least a 20 minute wait if we wanted to sit together, despite there being several empty tables throughout the dining room.  We opted to sit at a pair of tables next to each other rather than debate going to another restaurant.  I'm pretty surprised that a family restaurant, in a very family friendly outdoor shopping mall, wouldn't have more tables to accommodate bigger groups.
3	great happy hour prices, kid friendly, the food is decent for the pricing.
4	I love coming to Islands.... honestly my favorite burger place in the valley.  I always get the Kilauea burger which has a great spice to it.  Service is always great at this location as well.  Great happy hour from 4-7
4	I love these guys, I don't go often since they're out of our way so instead we go to In-N-Out for premium burger needs but I love Island Burger. The staff is always great, the place is always clean, the burger options are fantastic, my sister enjoys their very healthy portion of chicken in her salad, and I always try to get the healthiest burger (turkey instead of red meat) to justify gorging myself on the unlimited fries. This isn't a $4 burger, you'll going to pay $10 a person at least but the burgers are big and tasty and you can substitute anyway you want. They have a lot of other stuff, including fish tacos and bla bla bla I always get the burgers. I honestly can't remember if I've ever left unhappy, maybe once but personally, I never hesitate to go here if I'm in the mood to pay 10 bucks for my burger and fries and the long drive. They're awesome and I plan on seeing a movie and eating here tomorrow.
2	This place is essentially a Jimmy Buffett themed TGI Fridays.  And I don't mean that as a compliment.  I split the quesadillas as an appetizer and they weren't good.  There was some sort of pepper relish in them that added a weird flavor.  For the entree I had the tortilla soup which was very average (kind of watery but avocados were fresh, so they get points for that).  I got the sense that they were known for their burgers, so I might recommend sticking with those if you insist on going.  But overall, I thought this place was cheesy and pretty mediocre.
5	I went to Islands (Desert Ridge) alone. My server, Wade, sat down WITH me to take my order. He really made me feel welcome! I ordered a cup tortilla soup and a Malibu burger with a Caesar salad. My soup was warm; perfect temperature to eat. My burger was so juicy and full of flavor, I almost died because of how good it was! Wade, was so awesome that he didn't charge me for substituting Caesar salad instead of fries when it was $1.49 extra. Sweet! My experience was fast and efficient. Complaints: absolutely none. I had forgotten about Islands! But it's cool I can revisit an old restaurant and have a new experience. I left him a nice little tip. Thanks Wade P!
4	Only knocked off one star because the service can be sometimes slow. Besides that i'm surprised this place has been open for such a long time. In a good way I'm saying. The restaurant has classic american meals and everything i've had here over the years has been great. I definitely recommend coming here if your eating out on a budget, it's great for large groups too.
4	I've been here more than a few times and will certainly continue eating here.First, the food.  a wide selection of burgers (and other dishes). I'm a sucker for the Hula (swiss cheese, mushrooms).  You can get a turkey burger or a veggie burger instead of the beef (I opt for the turkey which is very good).  You can also choose a wheat or white bun.  Both are very good. Your burger comes with fries or onion rings or veggies.  The fries are just the way I like them, crisp on the outside, soft in the middle.  The onion rings are OK but not great.Now the service.  Outstanding!  I think the average age of the servers is 18.  I only mention this because if you think (like your parents did) that the next generation will be the end to civilization as we know it, they'll prove you wrong. They're all very friendly, knowledgeable and eager to see if everything is OK and refills show up automatically.
4	One of my favorite Desert Ridge restaurants. No, it's not fine dining but it's pretty good food.The restaurant is beachy but not overly done.  There are enough decorations to set the mood of the theme. The service is outstanding.  Everyone has a smile on their face and they are eager to please.  The food is good.  They have an extensive menu (sandwiches, salads, tacos, etc.) but the main event for me at this restaurant is the burger. Your choice - beef, turkey or veggie served on a white or whole wheat bun or as a wrap.Good service, good food, reasonably priced.
1	Wow...looking at previous reviews, this burger joint is way over rated and way over priced.  The "fresh pineapple" for the Hawaiian Burger was sliced as thin as paper-no flavor, probably sat on the grill for sometime before being served up to us.  So to were the "grilled onions" that could have easily been mistaken for wet wood chips, and with about as much flavor   The "caramelized bacon" in the Point Break Burger, was anything but.  It looked more like dried crusty old bacon swept up at closing, no flavor.  As for the burgers themselves.....Wow.  What did mama use to say?  Something about if you don't have something nice to say....I forget.
4	Delicious and great service. We normally sit at the bar but i love the quiet atmosphere and the happy, helpful servers.
4	This place is pretty good. I was surprised. The service was just ok though.
4	Time to edit my first review of Island's....The first time I was here we had a not so good experience. However, the company reached out and wanted to improve and boy did they.The same group of 9 of us went out with 5 kids under 5 years old and four adults, and we had no issues. We were able to sit in a corner booth, which we actually kind of need for all of us. Our food came out quickly and everything tasted delicious.The best part about it was the service and our server. He recognized that the kids were getting hungry and a little out of control. He brought them extra crayons, and was able to get their food and drinks out first. Island's made a huge come back in my book and showed that they truly are a, "family restaurant" and suits the needs of everyone. It just a cool place to grab a burger and hang out.
4	Yes, Islands is a chain, but they do a good burger. A damn fine one.Since my health kick started about 1.5 mos ago, I'm avoiding a lot of red meat, so I opted for a Turkey Lite Burger w/side of steamed veggies. It was a little painful as I watched my friend eat her cheeseburger w/avocado and bacon, but it was victorious.The turkey patty was refreshingly moist and seasoned beautifully! The whole-wheat bun was not too dry either (I was worried). Steamed veggies had no salt/butter and just a tad crunchy - just how I like them!Our server did A LOT of check-ins w/us. Very attentive.
5	Islands is a good place to eat and just relax with friends.  the service is very good and I usually get the chicken rice bowl or the chicken fingers when I go to Islands
1	Ok so first whoever commented below it is NOT a closed location,  Clean and tropic ambient atmosphere, our server however was slow as molasses, was not overly busy took 15 minutes from time we sat down to get drinks.  We ordered a Kilauea burger and a long boarder was mediocre at best,  service sucked not very hospitable, the kitchen messed up our orders twice had a white bun bottom with a wheat top on one and completely wrong type of burger on the other,  I expect better service and food for that!
5	Excellent food, great prices and excellent service.
5	This is definitely a go to date night for me And my bf. We absolutely love the beachy/surfy/laidback enviornment! The server we love is named eugine I beleive. Hes very kind! I'm a picky eater and love substituting things. I usually get the "Rincon burger" which they took off the menu and substitute for Turkey. He had no idea what it was but was willing to go ask someone if I could still order it,  and he also reccomended other new options! He handled my pickiness very well, and genuinely cared about serving us and making us happy! I also appreciate that he treated my bf well, (guy waiters can tend to talk to the women more) but he almost acted as of they were friends! I love great customer service! We are always there because the food is great, but we def found our new favorite waiter!  I'd recommend this place to everybody!
4	My husband and I stopped for a quick bite to eat.  My "medium" Maui Burger was overcooked not once but twice...which is not a big deal.  The bartender and manager really went the extra mile to take care of us!  Not only did they comp the burger from our bill, but gave us an Islands gift card to go back another time with.  - I have never experienced such a generous make-up for a couple of small kitchen errors. - We will definitely go back because the staff made such a valiant effort to make it right. Now if only they'd make their burgers big again....but that's a different review :)
4	Don't do the nachos. Pretty generic Sysco canned cheese and chips.Good service at the bar tho. Shannon was great.I've ate here before and good service and good but you can tell some/most of the stuff is Sysco food.
5	We come to islands every time we are at Desert Ridge, 3 or 4 times a month we eat here. We absolutely love there service, food, and atmosphere. Everyone is so wonderful! LOVE the hamburgers , and the chips and salsa are to die for especially the guacamole. we have tried all the food and no complaints! we are sad about the pv island, they need to open more.
5	My mom and I always like to pop in here for the yummy food, but tonight I'm writing this review for the darling server! Stacey is an absolute doll and her smile is infectious, so thanks for minding all of our silly requests!
4	When we are at Desert Ridge with the kids this always seems to be our "go to".  Food is good, plenty of options for the kids and the service has always been great.
