4	Best place for tires and wheels. Getting my rotation on.
1	I used to always go here for tires until my mechanic noticed my tires were the incorrect size.  Back to Discount I go to correct the problem, and they blamed me. I was told that I must have chosen the smaller tires to save 20 bucks a tire.  I ended up having to spend a lot of money on five new tires (my spare is a full size as well) three weeks before Christmas. I wrote the company a letter to tell them how wrong I felt the entire experience was, and I never heard anything back.  I will not be going here for future tire needs.
1	What a bunch of douchebags.  I booked an appointment for my dad.  When I booked it they said, we've got slots open right now, he can come right in.  I told my dad this and he said, oh well, I'll just go in.  He gets there and instead of taking him next in line they make a 70 year old man wait around for 2 hours because he had an appointment.
5	I am a HUGE fan!  I spend a ton of money here each year.  Thats what happens when you have teenagers with cars and numerous other "toys".  The staff always take their time to make sure you have a great experience.  They pass out free water and greet you with a smile.  If they are busy, you can leave your car and return later to pick it up.  I sent my wife in recently with her company car and they fixed a flat for free and even rotated the tires on my truck even though the tires were not purchased there because its new.  These guys are a class act!
2	I've gone to this specific location a few times out of convenience, but not any more. My most recent trip was mostly a complete waste of time. I asked for a simple balance service, and they only made it worse. The only thing keeping me from giving one star, is the fact that I didn't have to pay (rightly so, as they mounted the tires/rims to begin with).The store on 99th and McDowell is far superior in customer service and technician quality. They properly balanced my tire and made the problem go away. Turns out a couple of wheels were more than 2oz off... maybe the Dysart store needs to calibrate their machine.
5	For the past 30 years or so I have traded with Discount Tire in Arizona and California.  I find their demeanor to be friendly and professional.  The staff at the West McDowell store in Goodyear,AZ are every bit as enthusistic and helpful as any other Discount Store I have ever visited.I will continue to make Discount my favorite place to do business with tires and stuff.
5	These guys are one of the better Discount Tire stores I've tried. I always go here now for tires, because I work in the area, and its convenient.  The service here keeps me coming back. I have had tire problems that they have helped fix for free, and have worked to get me free replacements of marginal tires.  I have 5 vehicles(including trailers) that all needed tires at some point, and they have done a great job on all of them. I really don't get the negative reviews at all.
5	The staff was super busy so naturally there was a long wait, but they were all very friendly, considerate, offered water bottles,  and didn't pressure you or try to up sell you.
5	I have no complaints about this place.  I have purchased tires here with the road hazard insurance.  I then traded in my car for a new car.  I took the new car to fix a flat and they fixed it for free.  Another time, I was at the dealership getting my oil changed and they informed me that I had something in one of my tires and it wasn't repairable.  I turn down the offer they made me on one of their tires and went to this Discount Tire store.  They found a nail in the tire, but it wasn't penetrating all the way through.  I walked out not paying a penny.  This seems like and honest business to take your car to.
5	Just had my first experience with this store in Goodyear, AZ.  First, totally impressed by their website:  search for tires, pricing, and book appointments online.  When I arrived, they were ready for me.  And they finished the job on time.  Great service too.
5	Friendly clean and knowledgable.  No high pressure sales just educated choices.  I came in without an appointment, had the tires I needed in stock and got me out the door in less time than they had estimated. Will use discount tires again.
5	Me, and a group of ladies, were getting ready to travel to Payson, and while we were putting gas in my van, we noticed the flat tire. We took it to Discount Tires, and even though it was a busy day for them (Friday), they took care of us in a timely manner.They took a big nail, out, patched it up, and got us ready to go, and all this... for FREE!They are great, great customer service, Erik is the gentleman that took care of our problem.
5	Went in due to one of my tires losing 10 lbs a day. They quickly found that my wheel was bent but the tires were good. I was one of the last customers of the day and they were very helpful and personable. Great customer service! I will definitely be going back here for my tires in the future.
5	Good and honest. Kevin works fast and is able to diagnose the problem right away. Very honest with everything without trying to persuade me to get new tires. Great service.
5	Very professional. They were willing to help me check price ranges and really came through when I really needed it (around Christmas and new year times). It has a really helpful staff and their manager John is as good as it gets! He will work with you until the problem is fixed.
5	Still being fairly new to the area we were not sure where to turn when we had a tire issue. Our son got a nail in his tire and needed a repair. We called and they told him to come on in and they would repair it at no charge. Once he got there it turned out that whoever had the car before him had a crappy patch job done and they were not able to fix it. The team at the tire shop went out of their way to help him get a new tire that he could afford. They even allowed him to come back and pay the next day which is unheard of anymore. Their prices and super competitive and their customer service was awesome. Happy to have found our go to tire place.
5	Extremely busy day for these guys with the upcoming holiday. Alex got me in anyway, took his time and I was out of there way quicker then I expected. Great service with a smile and fantastic price. I should have called for an appointment but had a nice meal at Marjele's while I waited.
4	Fast service and fair pricingMy wife had a flat after something odd cause a metal shard to puncture her sidewall while driving.  We took it the our closest Discount Tire. I thought the first quote sounded high.  So, we called around and found that their pricing was on par with everyone else.  Depending on the fees, it was a little higher than some, and a lot lower than others.  Turns out, tire prices have risen a good amount in the past two years.  I did like that they weren't offended that we wanted to call around to compare pricing.  Work was done quickly, despite them having to order the size tire we required from another store. Nice crew and very professional.
5	Really took care of me on my trip out of state. I had a blown tire under warranty that I needed to take back. They put it in a big bag so I wouldn't get my luggage dirt. I'm impressed with their service and attention to detail.
5	Second to none, and the sales force is knowledgeable and informative.The crew at Discount Tires is second to none. It was about 3:45, Saturday afternoon when I noticed, what I thought was a small leak in one of my tires. I brought my vehicle to Discount Tire to have the tire looked at before it went flat. Once I arrived at Discount Tires I noticed the place was packed and closed at 5:00 pm. I asked the sales associate if there was any possibility to have a tire checked for a leak, and he said, "absolutely". The sales associate took my information and advised that I was due for a tire rotation so they would take care of that as well. My tire was just low on air pressure, no leak, the tires were rotated, and I was back on the road by 4:30, at no charge. Discount Tire has consistently performed at a level seldom seen these days. The sales force is knowledgeable and can make solid suggestions if you give them sufficient information as to your needs. I am so glad I went to and will continue to go to Discount Tires.
