5	My dogs LOVE it here. The first time I dropped them off, my big guy (90 lbs lab mix) was nervous. When I brought him in, he looked around anxiously, whimpered and ignored treats from the owner. The 2nd time I dropped them off, he jumped out of the car, ran inside with his tail high and even walked into the back without saying goodbye to me. When we picked them up, he lay down in the driveway and wouldn't get in the car to go home! I felt a bit resentful that he prefers this place to home, but I'm delighted that they take such good care of them. I boarded them over Christmas this year and received photos of them on Santa's lap with ridiculously happy grins. A very nice touch!
1	My husband and I had been planning a trip to visit friends in Glendale when we found out one of them was allergic to dogs. That meant we needed to find a place to board him close by and in a hurry. The Furshire seemed like the perfect place. Every time I called my call was received by friendly, enthusiastic staff. Being that we are from out of state and our dog isn't used to the hot weather in Arizona, my husband was worried it might be too warm for our pooch. We insisted on a tour before completing paperwork, just in case we didn't feel comfortable. We were given whirlwind tour and felt that our dog would be comfortable. All the other dogs there, either boarders or day care drop-offs, all seemed happy. When we saw the pool we thought this was without a doubt a great place. We completed the tour, signed off on the paperwork and were on our way. We only left our dog for two nights, dropping him off on Thursday afternoon and picking him up early Saturday morning. We received pictures of him playing with other dogs in the pool and felt at ease.When we picked him up, the employee who greeted us and brought him out was friendly enough and let us know that he had been a good boy, had really enjoyed the pool and been a quiet dog. The last part of her statement worried me a bit as he is a quiet dog at home, but not so much when we aren't with him. When she brought him out he was thrilled to see us and gave us as enthusiastic a greeting as he could. I was given the bag containing his food and immediately noticed that out of the five servings we had provided for his feeding, three were being returned. When we got him in the car and headed off down the road I started to get really worried. His tongue was darker than usual and he wouldn't stop panting. He also had a scrape on his nose. I asked my husband to pull over so that we could walk him, just in case having to "go" was the problem. It wasn't. I then gave him water (about a cup) which he immediately drank up. I went into the convenience store, bought him a big bottle of water and he drank almost the entire bottle. He was completely dehydrated!That wasn't the end of it. We were on our way to my husband's high school reunion, about an hour's drive north of Phoenix. Our dog was completely knocked out the entire drive. When we arrived there and walked him he finally "went" and we found that there was blood in his stool. Also, being that we feed him the same food all the time, we could tell he had eaten food other than his own. Later when he was barking to go in the pool we learned he was completely hoarse leading us to believe he had barked himself so. It took two days for our dog to completely recover from his experience at The Furshire.
5	I searched high and low for a place that my Labrador, Cassie could go to for the day.  She is high energy and very playful!  I found The Furshire on the Internet, called and scheduled an appointment for a meet and greet.  I left there thinking this is the answer to Cassie's needs.  Boy, was I right!!  She loves it there and they take such good care of her!  There is a pool for them to swim in, they do one on one, group play and most of all they love the animals!  They call themselves "Aunties" and all I have to say is "do you want to go play with your Aunties" Cassie is at the door waiting for the car ride.  I love that as soon as I pull into the lot she starts to wag her tale and is so excited to get out and play. She has been going there for almost a year now and I couldn't be happier with therm. The facility is always clean and NEVER smells like dogs or cats!  They treat all the dogs like they are their own!  Okay, I could go on and on but I think there is a limit to how many characters I can use?  I love that Cassie has a fun, clean and happy place to go!  Thank you Aunties for all you do!
5	I am typical not someone who posts reviews unless something is horrible and stinky...  but I must share my (and my dog Mina's) LOVE for The Furshire.  Janene and her staff are absolutely fantastic and some of the best dog savvy people I have met.  I just recently moved from Portland with my big girl (110 lb) Mina and wanted to find a doggie day care to visit while I was at work.  She had a great place in Portland and I am picky, so I had high expectations that needed to be met.  Mina is leery of new people and dogs and takes some time to warm up to anyone/dog that is new.  As I researched daycare's in the Phoenix area, a couple of initial visits at other places were unsuccessful due to *how* she was introduced to the environment. When I first visited Janene and The Furshire, she spent A LOT of time with me, listened to my concerns and showed me every nook and cranny (it felt like it!) of the place.  I REALLY appreciated this. This visit and our discussion sold me on how scary smart Janene is on understanding dog behavior.   Yes, for now The Furshire is located in an actual house, BUT IT WORKS!The first couple of times Mina visited she only spent time with Janene and her staff so she could first be comfortable with them, so she could trust them and then she was introduced to the other dogs.  Mina is now going three days a week and LOVES it there. When we arrive there she RUNS in and when she gets home at night, she is exhausted from hanging with her buddies all day.  The place is clean clean clean and I can't mention enough how awesome Janene and her staff are. I will board there as well when needed.Yesterday I was sent photos of Mina hanging out with her buds and even going UP and DOWN the play slide.  My big fat head of a dog playing on a slide...  That's trust and fun, for ya!
1	I had been researching local places that did boarding and day care. I looked up a few on Google and visited a few that interested me. A few of them were dirty and just seemed to not have great regard for the dogs. I visited Furshire and liked it and it seemed nice enough for my dog. I even ended up visiting a second time as my wife wanted to see the place before we took our puppy there. I brought my puppy there to stay for the day just to see how she would do and get some socialization. One of the things I liked was they told me on both visits that they kept them in small groups of 3-5. When I called to check on her later on in the day, I was told she was with 9 other dogs. I was also told that somehow her foot had been run over with a chair. She apparently couldn't put any weight on it. I was distraught,  but had to get through the rest of the day before I could go pick her up. I got there at the end of the day and they told me that she couldn't put any weight on her foot and carried her out to me. My 17 week old Golden Retriever looked horrible. She was shaking and scared. She seemed very weak. I immediately inspected her and checked if her foot was tender to the touch. She seemed not to feel any direct pain. I did not let her walk at all and carried her right out to my truck. I immediately headed straight to our vet. I let her down when we got there and let her walk so I could see how bad it was. It was worse than I thought. She could put no pressure on it and was limping horribly. The Vet inspected her and said he could see no immediate damage and wanted to do an X-Ray. I am usually leery of Vets and any extra charges and without knowing what really happened, I went ahead and had him do the X-Ray. It ended up she had strained the ligament near her knee. Of course this cost me 250 dollars to find out. The money bothers me, but the health of my dog bothers me much more. To watch this puppy that I love that was so vibrant and always ready to play, now just limping around my house is heartbreaking. She will be fine in a few days, but that doesn't make me feel any better. We walk every morning and every night without fail. Now that isn't possible for a few days and it just compounds matters that she has all this energy and I am trying to restrict her movement. Could it have been a freak accident? Of course, but then again I have no way of knowing. I don't think a 9 to 1 ratio really engenders good supervision. Overall, I would advise to stay clear of this place.
5	My poor old dog Buddy was feeling empty nest and empty pack syndrome when my son moved away and took his dog with him. Let's just say it was not a mild case of separation anxiety. I tried bringing in another dog, taking him to a friend's house, even a bark collar. He was not happy... until I took him to "the club." He stares at me in the morning while I'm packing my lunch like he's saying "Hurry up, I want to go play with my friends!" He gets so excited even when we're 3 blocks away. He literally runs to the door when I drop him off. I can even get him groomed and his nails trimmed while he's there. I have my happy dog back! Best money I ever spent!
5	STILL 5 stars!  I wanted to add an update as Mina has now been boarding there as well when I go visit family and friends in Portland or go away for business.  When she see's my suitcase come out, she actually gets excited.  LOL.  She loves spending time at The Furshire.  I have absolutely ZERO reservations (hah) leaving her there.  The Furshire folks are awesome and the new place is awesome, too!
