5	My wife and I used Home Sweet Home Pet Sitting while we were out of town for a week. Brenda immediately put as at ease with her professionalism and friendly personality. Brenda did a great job. Not only will we use her again, we will recommend Home Sweet Home Pet Sitting to all of our family and friends!
5	My boyfriend and I were apartment hunting in Ohio for a week and Brenda was an enormous help in taking care of Mo and Mew. She came to our home, even though it was a little out of her service area, and made sure the girls were fed, walked, and played with. Brenda is fast on her feet and even noticed some things that we had forgotten to take care of before we left. Her communication skills are awesome and I felt like I knew what was going on at home while I was away. She even sent me a text on one of the first days of her visits to let me know that Mo and Mew were doing great. I really feel like my fur kids couldn't have been placed in better hands.
5	Brenda is very friendly, responsible and I really appreciated that she was always flexible (including last minute requests). She's also very responsive, you can leave her notes, send her texts or emails and she will always respond to you in timely manner. I did quite a few research in the area for dog sitter and her price is also very reasonable compared to others in the neighborhood offering same services. Thank you for taking such a good care of my puppy!
5	It was such a wonderful day when we met Brenda and employed her as our pet sitter!    Brenda is as professional as they come! She is communicative, punctual, responsible, and thorough!  She sends text messages to check in or with any concern, takes meticulous notes, and is so careful with both our pets and home!  I highly recommend her business!  She is simply the best!
5	Alright, let's start with the awesome sauce that makes Brenda and Home Sweet Home Pet Sitting err ... awesome! First, she's responsible, accommodating, and very communicative so any fears of leaving the pack behind are quelled as soon as you start receiving updates that the furry ones are doing A-OK. Second, she has always been very accommodating with our last minute changes in schedules and has handled our rather unpredictable schedule in stride. Third and most importantly, she loves our animals and they absolutely adore her ... it takes our cats and dog a while to get used to strangers, but with Brenda, they took to her in an instant.As far as Brenda's relationship with the non-furries (a.k.a. us overprotective humans), she's been a delight to work with and get to know. She was the first to show us all the tricks to keeping our dog out of the cat food while no one is around, and she also recommended some great solutions for adding litter boxes to the home without making the house smell like a methane rich dairy farm. She has also gone out of the way to help "leash train" our cats, and when we've been extra stressed and pressed for time, we've even come home to find our living area tidied up.Times have been so good with Brenda that we forget when we first started using her services ... thinking back, it has to be a few years now and we hope to be using Home Sweet Home Pet Sitting for years to come.  She has gone above and beyond for our two cats and dog, and we highly recommend using her for your pet sitting needs.By the BTW, she used to be a pet photographer so don't be surprised if you receive a super duper glamour shot of your pet to help with your separation anxiety while you're away.  ;^)
5	We first used Brenda when our family took a trip to San Diego and she exceeded our expectations in caring for our dog and cat. In the past, we've used friends for pet sitting who were typically pressed for time and didn't spend a lot of time interacting with our pets beyond feeding them and taking care of their respective bathroom duty. When we came home from San Diego, our pets actually seemed HAPPY and stress free and we definitely owe it to Brenda for giving them the love and attention they needed while we were away. This was especially true for our emotional, sometimes neurotic border collie mix who can be pretty sensitive to us being away. She was really great about giving us daily updates and put my mind at ease so I didn't have to worry so much about them while on vacation because I knew they were in good hands.I would absolutely recommend her for pet sitting, and will gladly use her again in the future.
5	Brenda is fantastic! She has taken care of both my puppies and they love her! She gives updates and helpful tips to make sure my pups have a good day while I am away at work! The open lines of communication make me feel at ease. She is also very dependable and I cannot recommend Brenda at Home Sweet Home Pet Sitting more highly!
5	I can't recommend Brenda highly enough! We started using her to look after our 3 dogs (and now also 1 cat) last year, and we have been SO impressed with her level of care and communication! Her prices are quite reasonable, and it is so nice to know our pets can just stay in our home, where they are comfortable, and have someone come visit, feed them, and play with them.  Brenda always sends texts messages (often with photos!) of the animals to "say Hi", and we now can go away with confidence knowing the furry members of our family are well looked after!
5	Beyond a 5 star rating . Brenda put us at ease the first day we all met her. We had interviewed a few pet sitters but did not found the connection like we did with Brenda . Our puppies boned well with her . She is very professional, easy going, and friendly . I felt like she was part of our family. It is extremely hard to find someone like Brenda especially caring for our puppies and our house. She made sure our house was ok and was in order. Brenda went out of her way on the first night we were away. Our puppies are adorable but too smart and spoiled that they broke out of their den . My husband had placed security cameras in the house as he wanted protection like any normal family would. Brenda came to our house that night and helped secured the pen and made sure the puppies were ok. She is beyond excellent - always on time with schedule and feeding. She takes her time and plays with them. It really alleviates anxiety for us. Her communication is beyond superb - with her daily phone calls , texts, and sending us adorable pictures of our puppies . Our puppies seemed more happy with her than us lol. Her service prices were very reasonable . We will utilize Brenda again . We can not express more for our gratitude and great appreciation with Brenda and her services. We will refer her to our friends and family :) she is beyond the best and it clearly shows she has compassion to her service and the unconditional love for animals :) we love her .
5	I was so happy to find Brenda - we always knew our cat was in good hands with her! She always gave us text updates on how our cat was doing and if there were any problems (once she let us know we had ants invading the kitchen). My house always looked great when we got back with full food and water dishes and a clean litter box. Recently we moved to another state and I only hope I can find another pet sitter as good and trustworthy as Brenda!
