2	Quick comment. Don't come here if you haven't done your homework.  Pricing is all subjective, if you don't know the exact prices and details, the sales person will sell you at the highest price.I personally felt like an idiot for supporting a local store rather than going to the dealer or Costco or Sams Club. At least you get pricing that is fixed and not in the rip off manner that exists. I will not be going back to support this shop.  I did give it a two star, because it was my fault for not shopping prices first. Thought I would trust them.
5	Chris and his team are great!  My car is at the age when services need to be performed (new tires, alignment, new battery, etc). Being on a limited budget means I can't do all the work at one time and they have been very helpful and professional in assisting me in which things should be accomplished in what order.  My car is always ready on time and everyone is always cheerful.  They never try to push services or parts on me like so many other places try to do to increase the amount of the sale.
1	DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS SHOP!!I drive a Dodge Charger and I have been having some trouble with a shimmy in my steering wheel.  The first time I went in, I had them balance all 4 tires.  I was very wary because when I was waiting for them to write up the service order, the attendant didn't know how to ring in the service.  When he asked his associate, that second guy told him to write it up at a lower price than the guy I was talking to quoted me.  When I asked, he gave me some excuse that right now I don't even remember.  It wasn't too big of a difference, but I still remember feeling a little ripped off because of course I was made to pay the higher price.  The real problem happened when I returned a couple weeks later to get an alignment as the balancing did not fix the problem.  All seemed to be going well until I was about to be picked up by my girlfriend.  The mechanic who was going to test drive the car backed out of the parking spot I was in.  She was pulling into the parking lot at the same time coming down the aisle.  The mechanic proceeded to hammer the gas pedal, squealing the tires and almost hitting my girlfriend head on as he maneuvered around her and out of the parking lot.  Needless to say I was furious and confronted the manager.  He assured me that it would be handled.  When we were leaving, the mechanic pulled into the parking lot making an ILLEGAL left turn into the parking lot which was blocked by a median.  Instead of going to the nearest light and making a safe and legal u-turn, he decided to make the left heading up the wrong side of the road.  I was livid at this point.  I approached the mechanic in my car and his response was that he did not squeal the tires and that he makes that turn all the time basically asking me what the big deal was.  The manager came up to me giving me his best effort to rectify the situation by promising me a free oil change on my next visit.  REALLY?!?!?!? I told him that I perform my own oil changes and just to fix my car.When I went back to pick up my car, the manager continued to assure me that everything would be taken care of and offered apologies.  He gave me his best effort I guess, but his resolution was to charge me full price for the awful experience I had just gone through and to give me a free oil change on my next visit which will NEVER happen even after I told him that I change my own oil.  Well, my shimmy problem is still not fixed,  which there might be something wrong with the rotors, still haven't figured that out.  I don't hold the continued problem against them, they performed the work I asked them to do, but of course there was no diagnosis of the actual problem or extra effort.  Kinda feels like I just got a hardly satisfying haircut at Super Clips or something.  Their only concern is getting cars in and out of the shop, not developing lifelong customers.  I received no comfort by the actions of their mechanic while driving my car.  If I saw him peel out in my car, almost hit my girlfriend, and perform an illegal left turn in the 5 seconds I saw him driving my car, what kind of driving maneuvers is he doing while he's out of sight and what other corners is he cutting while performing work on my car?I will never be going back to this shop or any other Tire Works shops for any service even if it is given to me for free.  AWFUL!!
1	No Thanks!  My husband bought one of these stamp cards that has free oil changes and other services on it, so I took my car in for an oil change at their Pecos/Sunset location.  They said they would not be able to do it today because they were too slammed.  Ok fine....so I scheduled an appointment for the following day.  I arrived on time to my appointment and they guy was like "uhhh....can you come back later or tomorrow?"  Um, no....that is why I made an appointment!  He said it would be at least 2 hours before they could get to my car.  So I asked them to call nearby locations to see if they were not so busy.  He did and found one that "wasn't busy", so on my way I went.  After driving over to the Horizon Ridge location I was given an estimated "30-45 minutes wait time...maybe sooner" once I arrived.  An HOUR and 45 minutes later....my car was FINALLY done.  It didn't help that I had an antsy 2 year old with me.From over-scheduling appointments to grossly underestimating wait times...I will stick to Terrible's for future oil changes.  It seems like poor costumer service is the norm at Tire Works.....everyone in the waiting room was frustrated.
1	Worst car auto repair place, got AC problem don't go here. I was charged 1280 for AC to be fix and is worst now then i first gave it to them. I return it three times, and still doesn't work point out other problems BS cover up! BBB report is next!!
1	To call the employees here crooks and liars might be a bit too harsh, but that's the feeling you get dealing with them.  The price for your services are impossible to pin down, and always end up higher than quoted.  In my situation, the mechanic found a laundry list of problems that don't exist or were grossly exaggerated.  I went in for simple repair and was given a hard sell for nearly three thousand dollars in additional work.  Thankfully, I've gotten a second opinion and saved myself thousands.  I can't recommend this place to anyone.
1	We used to take our cars here for oil changes and were satisfied up until maybe the last two visits. The decline in service coincided with the departure of a particularly good manager. We brought one car in for an oil change and tire rotation. Boyfriend marked a tire to be sure that they were rotated. They weren't. When Boyfriend went back inside to get this addressed, the mechanic swore up and down that the tires had been rotated. The manager (not the previous good one) then interceded; Boyfriend told the manager that he had marked the tires. The manager then said that they were too busy to rotate them right then, but they would be sure to rotate them next time. Fast forward to next time: Suffice to say the tires weren't rotated, again. This time, we were told that we had requested that the tires with the best tread be on the front (we didn't). At this point, Boyfriend was frustrated and wanted to leave it at that. I left the shop, thinking that Boyfriend would be following me home in the serviced car. I got home and immediately got a call from Boyfriend, asking me to come back because there was something wrong with the brakes. I drive back to the shop in time to see the mechanic insisting that nothing was wrong with the brakes, despite Boyfriend having told him that, upon exiting the parking lot, there was no brake power. The mechanic then gets in the car, rams it into reverse, slams on the brakes, rams it into drive and peels out...for a lap around the parking lot to test the brakes. After seeing the mechanic treat a customer's car so roughly, I made up my mind that we would be finding a new shop. Not only are they rude and rough with vehicles, they refuse to accept responsibility for problems, try to lie when it suits them and are the absolute slowest I've ever seen when processing payments.
3	Bought one of those peelers sticker cards with the free oil change on it. Called ahead of time to ask if they were busy. They suggested making an appt, so I did. Upon arriving, noticed they weren't busy. There was one other customer there who seemed to be growing impatient. When she asked how much longer her car would take, they told her maybe 45 minutes. After an hour I decided to take a look and see if my car was almost done and noticed that they hadn't even started on it yet! The impatient woman asked about her car and again was told it would be another hour. She reminded them that they had told her the same thing an hour ago and that she had been there for 6 hours already! Jeez! My simple oil change ended up taking almost an hour and a half. Should have just went to Jiffy Lube. I normally wait about 20-30 minutes there! Giving them two stars because at least the staff was nice. Probably won't come back unless I have lots of time on my hands.
1	WARNING Dishonesty - we went there for an oil change.  They told us we had leaking brakes and needed over $1,000 worth of services to fix it.  We immediately took it to the dealer where we purchased the car for a second opinion - the brakes were fine (better than fine actually).  The dealer said "oldest trick in the book" - This is not only illegal but dishonest and the exact reason people are wary of car places in general!
1	I was very disappointed with the service received at this location.  I chose the location for convenience, and have been going there for more than a year for oil changes and simple car maintenance.In the year I've been going, they have had several missteps in service.  First, they forgot to replace a light cap which fell off while I was driving later in the week.  Second, they forgot to replace my oil filter cover screws, forcing the part to come loose on the freeway and rip half way off.  Luckily it was all under warranty and was replaced for free at the dealership.Finally, and this is most important for a car care place, their integrity is very, very questionable.  On many occasions, they have tried to sell me everything under the sun.  My last visit, I went in for an oil change, and they start talking to me about a maintenance plan that will all be done "for under $700".  I laughed when he finished, and he said, "I know, right?  Its surprising that your car needs that much maintenance."  Later on, the technician came out and told me to never bring my car back to the place again.  And if I did, don't let them touch anything in the car except for the oil.  He said they have a long history of lying, and misquoting people into buying all sorts of services that their vehicles do not need.I will be taking my car to another business.
1	I tried these guys out a few times and I will most certainly not be back. The few times I had work done they really put on the hard-sell for service I did not need. On top of that, they recommended replacing parts that had been replaced less than 6 months ago (which I verified with another mechanic a few days later). Just an FYI, always consult your vehicles owners manual for the recommended service intervals for the different parts of your car. During my last and final visit here, the manager's demeanor was very unprofessional. I asked for an oil change and a tire rotation. When I returned to pick up my car, the tires had not been rotated and the service associate at the front desk started arguing with me and said they had. I usually do most of my own automotive maintenance but if I don't have time and need to take a vehicle in for service, there are a few things I do beforehand to make sure the service was completed correctly. On this particular occasion, I marked the sidewalls of both rear tires with a Sharpie (permanent marker) so I could verify that the tires had been rotated. It was only after showing the sales associate how I knew they had not been rotated did he go and ask the mechanic if they had been done or not.Let me be clear, I know mistakes happen and things can be overlooked but arguing with a customer before verifying with the mechanic if a service was completed or not is something I deem unacceptable.
5	Thankfully I stopped at Tire Works on Horizon Ridge before reading the reviews listed here. I went in unbiased and had a very good experience. Every employee was very respectful and generous in offering knowledge and time helping me choose the best options for my vehicle. They worked directly with me to choose the perfect tires and allowed me to directly ship my new wheels to their store and then install them when I got off of work. They helped me save as much money as possible and I plan on visiting them regularly in the future for all of my car needs such as brakes, oil, and part replacement. The new management runs a very good shop and I am grateful to the team. Hopefully my experience will help balance these very negative reviews and allow someone new to give this team a fair shot. They did right by me and this is all I can do to give back to them.
5	Mark, Ryder, & Mike are the honest, quick & know their cars! They helped me fix a problem from another repair shop. My front brakes were making noise and I figured it might be the rotors. I went to a different brakes only shop today and paid A LOT of money. When I picked my car up from the other brake shop today, the brake noise was worse. I returned to this other shop and they checked my car out and said I needed new struts/shocks in the front & gave me a price quote. On the way home on a Saturday at 5:30 PM, I stopped by Tireworks on Horizon Ridge & GV Pkwy for a second opinion from another repair shop. I was very stressed out about my car and spoke to Ryder and Mark. They were very friendly & checked my car out right away. They said my struts were fine and confirmed that I did need new rotors which the other shop didn't catch (even though brakes are the other shop's specialty). I told them that I didn't even want to go back to the other shop and asked if they could get me in for an appointment to check my rotors someday soon or the next day. They got me in right then & there at 5:30 PM on a Saturday and I was so happy they were open until 7. When I came back to pick my car up the noise was gone! I was so relieved and thankful for their excellent, fast & friendly customer service and skill. It was 7 PM when I was leaving & they were still there working on cars past their close time to go the extra mile for their customers. I recommend this Tireworks to anyone who wants an honest, fast & knowledgeable crew working on their vehicle. Their open on Saturdays & Sundays too for those of us work are only off on weekends! Thanks again, Mark, Ryder and Mike. I'm truly grateful.
5	Mark, Ryder, & Mike are the honest, quick & know their cars! They helped me fix a problem from another repair shop. My front brakes were making noise and I figured it might be the rotors. I went to a different brakes only shop today and paid A LOT of money. When I picked my car up from the other brake shop today, the brake noise was worse. I returned to this other shop and they checked my car out and said I needed new struts/shocks in the front & gave me a price quote. On the way home on a Saturday at 5:30 PM, I stopped by Tire Works on Horizon Ridge & GV Pkwy for a second opinion from another repair shop. I was very stressed out about my car and spoke to Ryder and Mark. They were very friendly & checked my car out right away. They said my struts were fine and confirmed that I did need new rotors which the other shop didn't catch (even though brakes are the other shop's specialty). I told them that I didn't even want to go back to the other shop and asked if they could get me in for an appointment to check my rotors someday soon or the next day. They got me in right then & there at 5:30 PM on a Saturday and I was so happy they were open until 7. When I came back to pick my car, up the noise was gone! I was so relieved and thankful for their excellent, fast & friendly customer service and skill. It was 7 PM when I was leaving & they were still there working on cars past their close time to go the extra mile for their customers. I recommend this Tire Works to anyone who wants an honest, fast & knowledgeable crew working on their vehicle. They're open on Saturdays & Sundays too for those of us who are only off on weekends! Thanks again, Mark, Ryder and Mike. I'm truly grateful. Don't let the older less than stellar reviews on here deter you from coming here. There's a new team running the place now that is amazing!
5	Very pleased with service and prices. I spoke to Mark on the telephone to get a quote for service and when I came in the price was even a bit lower. Never a short wait when you get 4 new tires, but the facility is clean with a tv. I will be back for sure.
1	The worst service. The people who work here are unhappy and unwilling to work with the customer. I had an 11AM appointment twice now, both times I showed up and was told they are backed up and it will take 2 hours for an oil change. What's the point of an appointment??
1	Slow service. Two hours for oil change and tire rotation.  Kept setting my car alarm off, disgusting bathroom that was not stocked. Won't be back. Update: They didn't screw my oil gasket on right and had to go back due to my car leaking oil everywhere.  Paid 60$ for an oil change and tire rotation and barely received an appology for THEIR mistake. Terrible customer service. Another man was in there complaining about one of his brand new tires on his truck won't hold air. Take your money elsewhere.
5	I have multiple cars and price shop constantly for repairs. I always get a better price at this location with a full warranty. They are open 7 days a week and always do a great job. My 1st choice for automotive repair.
1	This place is a never go!! When I put tires on my car they let me leave with no valve steam caps- all tire pressures off and a shimmy. Had to go to Firestone to fix because mark said it was my shocks that caused the shimmy. Firestone rebalanced wheels and all was good.i would put no stars if I could!!
5	Always helpful ...Mark and his crew are simply amazing and we trust him with all our vehicles. He guarantees his work and stands behind all his repairs. Mark and Rob are great guys and are always available 7 days a week. We just entered into a fleet maintance agreement to keep all our vehicles safe. We had used many different shops and finally found one that does it all for us.  From high line to work trucks they have saved us a lot of money.
5	Super quick oil change, very nice staff! A little annoyed that they didn't know how to start my car (newer models have severity features) i expect professionals to know this. But otherwise all good! I'll definitely be back, its close to home!
5	The new manager Matt P. Went above and Beyond my expectations to make sure all my questions and issues were resolved!!!
1	Used to be good but went bad. I used to get my truck serviced here all the time, there was a young guy who was a manager and had that place running great. Last time I went he left and the good service went with him. I went for just an oil change, they tried to pull the old your car is falling apart , how did you even make it here routine. They said it needed 3 major costly repairs & I was I'm danger if I continued to drive without getting them fixed. I knew it was bs and after almost 2 hours I said what's taking so long? They said oh the mechanic is just finishing up. I saw that no one was even near my truck. So that was another lie , then captain obvious says oh yea he left. They must have caught on at how pissed I was and immediately started to change the oil & rotate the tires. Then it was time to cash out, thought they would give a discount for the crap service but no. I gave the guy a coupon from there website that had free rotation with ANY Oil change. He started snapping at me, "we don't accept these, where did you get this?" Trying not to go off on this dbag I said from a magical place called the Internet on your companies website & it's not expired. He snarled back ,"well people have been printing bootleg coupons & using them here so we no longer accept them but I'll let it slide this time..BOTTOM LINE,LONG WAITS, DISHONEST EMPLOYEES , SLOW & MEDIOCRE SERVICE.
5	I absolutely love this location! Everyone is very helpful, Matt & LaRon were awesome, they have exceptional customer service! Matt, the manager, stayed true to his word and matched any price I brought him when it came to replacing my tires! I highly recommend this location over any other auto body in town! I will definitely be coming back to this location!
1	I have had several services done at both Tire Works locations- one on Horizon Ridge Pkwy and the one on Pecos Dr.  My association with this brand started when I first got new set of tires for my car.  I got new set of Toyo tires at Pecos location back in 2012.  I believe I've had a fair deal at that time.This review is for Horizon Ridge Pkwy one.  I believe I have had 4 or 5 services done so far at this location.  The services so far include installing new brake pads, rotors, standard oil changes, replacing electronic window switch, etc.I wouldn't go as far as calling this place a rip off. However they are not fair either.  I think of this place as more of a profit center at the cost customer happiness than a profit center that is taking care of its customers.  I don't know if this is specific to this location or if it is across the entire brand (remember, I've had a fair experience with Pecos location in the past).I would definitely not go to this location again only because of the reason that there are plenty of other alternatives in the town and I'm pretty confident that I can find a decent place to get my car worked on and still be happy to pay $$ in return.  Not these guys ever again (unless this is the only auto shop left after an Armageddon).
5	Are you kidding me? My second time here, first time was last year having tires bought off the internet installed! Great experience. But the reason for the review is what just happened. Pulled into my garage and heard the terriblr hissing of a tire leaking air and fast. Wasnt sure if I'd make it to Tireworks but I did. When I pulled in I jogged for the door and was intercepted by one of the technicians. I explained the problem and by the last sentence my tire was already off. Plugged it, rebalanced it and had it back on before the sleeping newborn woke up! Winning!!! Now for the price... Free! Gratis! zero dollars, nada, zip, bagels, less than 1 cent... you get it! I'll be back for all my tire needs. I realize this wasn't brain surgery or even a big repair but the way it was handled was clutch! I'm the newest Tire Works loyal customer.
