5	This mesa pest control company is seriously good.  I had an ant problem in my front yard and thought they would schedule it for the following week, but they showed up same day and took care of it.  Unbelieveable!  It wasn't that big of a deal to me, but it was to them.  These guys are as good as it gets.  Thanks Legacy Pest Control.
5	They do what they say they will do.  They are extremely thorough compared to previous companies I have used.  They also help identify other areas outside of pest control that may be improved to protect my family and my property and that's just cool!  I use them and I know others will be as happy as I am.  Legacy Pest Control is based out of Mesa. We live in San Tan Valley and they have no problem coming down to us.
5	We have been using Legacy since we moved to our home in September.  Our house backs right up to a mountain - we moved there because of the great views!  But I was really concerned about bugs - especially scorpians!  Their service tech was at the house next door doing a treatment and saw our moving truck.  Normally I wouldn't go for the deal they were offering.  But I was willing to listen because of my concerns.  They have been great!  They come when they are supposed to and the best part is that I haven't seen one bug ;-)  And if I do see any, they will come out to treat.  Nice!
1	We purchased a Legacy Pest Control deal through Living Social.  Per instruction on the voucher I went on their website to schedule an appointment by entering my contact information and my address. A few days late, I received a call from a man named Phil and he said he's calling to schedule an appointment; I said that I'll call him back because I may have to go to a jury duty in the next few days which means I won't be at home to receive his pest control services.  Last night I found out that I'm excused from the jury duty so I called him around 5:00ish and asked him if it's possible to come the next morning, he answered and he said that he didn't have his schedules with him but he's d call me back in an hour and let me know.  I waited, but didn't heard back.  I thought he's busy and forgot, plus it's after 5:00 pm.  So no big deal!  This morning around 10:30ish I called and asked him again if he found out about his today's schedule, he said he's surprised that no one got back with me last night (I didn't know who else he's talking about),  he said that he can come this afternoon but he has to charge me extra because he just received an email this morning from Living social that the email told him to charge me a trip fee because my house is outside the distance limit, the limit is 25 miles but my house is 32 miles away.  I was surprised that Living Social would send him an email and told him to charge me...  So I said "please give me your address and I'll google the distance."  He gave me "4858 E Baseline Rd, Mesa, 85206", I typed that and my address in google, 24.9 miles came back as the distance!  I was excited to tell him that my house is within the 25 miles limit; his response is "Living Social used my other address to calculate the distance and they told me you're 32 miles away and I have to charge you an extra fee and there is no need to debate with me and I'm only the messenger" Then I tried to reason with him further and asked him what other address he had with living social, he said, "living social could have a thousand address there and how would I know which one".  I said that "living social only has the address you gave them so what is the address that you gave Living social; his answer is "I can't tell you that".  Then he said "you like to debate with me and you are a manipulator".  I hung up and called living social.  The representative in Living Social gave me the full refund and told me that "we do not tell the customer what to charge you for what distance..." It was a horrific experience with Legacy Pest control.  I've bought a lot of deals through living social over the years but not once have I had the experience like today! I'm a CPA, a professional.  No one EVER treated me the way this man did this morning!  I'm sharing this with you so that you don't have to go through what I went through.
1	Horrendous customer service.  I put my information on their website a month ago and never received a callback.  When I called to inquire as to why, the lady on the phone explained that they were overbooked and they would call me in the order of when I put my info in.  She said it would be "a little bit" of time.  When I asked approximately how long that would be, she said she had no idea.  Wish my review would be about the service, but they turned down a willing customer.
