1	If I could give negative stars, I would. I opened an account at Compass Bank back in NM in 2002. Don't ask me why I kept the stupid account for so long...I suppose I thought it was better than some of the alternatives (BofA or Wells). Of the many many many things about Compass that irk me, the biggest is how they balance your account every day and their funds availability policy. Here's a real life example that has happened more than once:I get a direct deposit on Friday, it shows up on my AVAILABLE balance first thing Friday morning. On Thursday I had $20 left in my account, but with my direct deposit on Friday morning, I now have several hundred dollars in my available balance. I go to the gas station and the grocery store, spend $25 at one, $60 at the other. Monday rolls around and I'm hit with 2, yes two overdraft fees for $27 each. I go into the bank to inquire as to why and I'm told that I overdrew my account on Friday. "No, I had a direct deposit hit my account Friday morning and show in my AVAILABLE balance before I ever went to the gas station or the grocery store". "Yes, but we take all charges out of your account before crediting any deposits at the end of the day". "Then why did my AVAILABLE balance show that I had several hundred dollars if it was not AVAILABLE to me?". "Because it doesn't get credited to your account until all the charges have been taken out". "But why?". "Because that is the way we do it because we're greedy @$$H0^&$". Okay...so I made that very last one up...but this is essentially the way any conversation goes when they've wrongfully taken your money, and good luck getting it back. I finally just gave up. When I went to another branch to close my account, the banker asked why, I told her that in the 6 years I'd been banking with Compass, the customer service had consistently gotten worse. She then asked if I'd like to air my greivances then and there, and I wasn't about to go through it all again and get the lecture about how I should balance my checkbook...yada yada yada.I've worked at banks. I know how to balance my checkbooks and keep track of spending. I also know that at other banks, if your account says you have an available balance based on a direct deposit, you don't have to wait until the next business day to use those funds.Do yourself a favor...don't bank with Compass.
1	Time warp banking. Very low tech. Like banking in the early '70s. Ditched their checking account, but kept the Visa Credi Card. The free checking was nice because it would refund the fees that other banks charge for using their ATMs. But the customer has to do all the work by saving the receipts and mailing to Birmingham, AL. Other banks offer this but the computer system keeps track and automatically rebates the fees at the end if the cycle. If you complain about it the just say "This is the way we do it"
1	My Compass Visa acct is such a nightmare to me.  I'm supposed to get 5.44% APR  balance transfer FOR LIFE when I first open my acct, but when I received my 1st statement, I was charged 13.44% APR (regular) balance transfer.  Also, instead of FOR LIFE, now it says the duration is only for 99 months. I called and the phone rep admitted the error but it would require TWO(2) MONTHS to rectify the error. Then I made my payment 2 days after I received the statement but  online still shows that I need to make a min payment of  $XXXX by 5/11/2013 even though they acknowledged receipt of the payment I made.  IWO, the company never bothered to update the online info.  So now, I don't know if I should make another payment.  This bank must have hired  the absolute lowest efficient workers..............it is amazing!
1	They aren't willing to work with you. They don't care about their customers. I have experienced this with multiple locations. What I am going to do the day I have some free time is I am going to close my account with them. There is no point in staying with a company who couldn't  care less about thier customers. I have to deal with a lot of people who are unwilling to wotrk with you when I am at work but that doesn't excuse me from being rude. When they wouldn't help me I decided then that I was going to change which bank I use. I have no second thoughts and can not wait to research other banks and set up an account with them. It was beyond ridiculous how much time I wasted to not have them do anything. When they wouldn't help I told them that there was no way I was going to keep an account with them and that I am switching banks. I proceeded to storm out. As I said there is no point in being a customer of someone who is unwilling to help. When I first set up my account I was supposed to get an online account when I was supposed to get an online account. I got the information and everything but when I tried to sign into it I wasn't able to access it. I asked multiple times to be able to gethelp about it and no one every got back to me.I recently asked again and they said they would give me a number to call, which I never get recieved. To put the above paragraphs shortly: screw them. Do not get an account with them because you will be disappointed in the service and the bank as well.
1	Not this location specifically but the bank itself is crap. Today was supposed to be my billing date on my credit card. Went into a branch and they asked if I wanted to take all my money out of my checking account. Honestly how dumb can you get? Then the servers just happened to crash. I was told to call the number on the back of my card. I did just that. A few times. The first guy did the same thing as when I was in the branch itself. Thought I wanted to take money out of my checking account. Seriously? Okay. Nope. Screw you too. I said I wanted them to take money from my checking account to pay my credit card bill. But that it was whatever now and hung up. I'm not wasting my time dealing with you and your crap when I have more important things to do. I call again and this guy tells me that to pay the bill over the phone there is a service fee. First thing I did was hang up. Seriously? A service fee to pay my freaking bill. That I've been trying to take care of for the last hour? Okay that makes no sense. So now that I have discovered how truly horribly they are able to take care of their customers I'm really really planning on getting rid of any and all service I will ever have there. What is the point in trying to do what you need to when all they do I say is you have to pay this much more for us to do what you need to be done. Or that the only way we can help you is by making you jump through 200 different hoops. Nope. Screw all of you. I'm done.
