5	Every time I go to this restaurant, I receive wonderful, warm, and friendly service. The owners are often shocked how spicy I like them to prepare my food, and often are eager for me to try new dishes that they like to make. Took a couple friends from Japan there on Tuesday. Turns out the woman who serves our food regularly also speaks Japanese a bit more fluently than I do, so she was able to explain some of the more obscure dishes, and made sure my friends felt welcome. Will definitely return on a regular basis. Gotta love me some good Korean food.Oh yeah, and they have a TV that always has some Korean drama on it when I go in. Nothing more amusing than seeing people crying or slapping each other like 200 times in 30 minutes.
3	We were looking for another Korean place but stopped here instead since this was where we ended up and I checked on yelp and it had 2 good reviews. The outside says Elephant BBQ so if you're looking for the 'snack' portion, don't bother, it's not there. It is only on the receipt.When we arrived there was one large table of about 10-12 people and one table of 4 who were paying their bill. The large group was getting their food as we sat down.Menus were brought out and as I inquired about the bbq combo specials, another group of 3 arrived and then shortly after, a group of 2. Now, ordinarily, when there is only one person manning the floor, I am a little more sympathetic, but, when we didn't get drinks and banchan for 20 mins? I continued to be patient, we ordered the combo with chadol baegi, jumulluk and samgyupsal which I asked if we could swap the samgyupsal for more of the the other two since we don't like the pork belly. The gal went to confirm with the 'boss' who turned out to be her mom because I heard her call her 'oh-mah'. It was fine to swap! You can also get beer or soju but we didn't want that and so got 2 sodas instead. Our small combo was enough to feed 2 she said and was $39.99. I also ordered the yukgejang (spicy beef soup).The quality of the meat was pretty good. The chadol had almost no fat and had slight marbling. Banchan was the regular stuff -- kimchi, kkakkdugi (cubed radish), oden (fish cake), the acorn jello, cucumber, kongnamul (bean sprouts). There was no dduk, and when I asked for chili sauce, she brought me gojujang. I thought that was a bit weird.They charge for mixed grain rice -- as well as the rice with barley in it. I think both were 2 bucks.They also don't offer any dwenjanjigae at the end of the meal.This place also offers Korean style Chinese food like zajangmien and champon. We didn't try any of it, but I saw the large table eat this.Our food was good, I'd say 4 stars for the food for Vegas standards. For LA standards, probably 3 to 3.5 stars. However, service was just slow as hell and if you are hungry, I suggest you not bother coming here because it will take a while. 3.5 stars from me.
3	As my hunt for the perfect bowl of jjambbong continues, this place has the best in Vegas so far. The broth is a bit watery, but the flavor is there. Finally, a bowl of jjambbong in Vegas that actually tastes like jjambbong! One of my other favorite dishes is a spicy chicken dish usually eaten "family-style" called la-jo-gi (sp?). Don't order that... it was a bit tough and the breading wasn't fantastic. My friend ordered the bulgogi dup-bap and the bulgogi was dry :(. I'm sure if we sat in the BBQ area and we ordered assorted meats for Korean-style BBQ, then the food would've been better but because I went there with the soul purpose of trying their jjambbong, I am not a good judge for their overall menu. Service was fantastic! They were polite and attentive, which is not common in many Korean restaurants. Overall, I definitely recommend a visit to this place and express your opinion on it. I will be back to try some of their other dishes.
2	i ended up here a couple of days ago after the CES Show. We (me and my super-foodie-Asian-girlfriend) intended to go to Lotus of Siam, which is located in the same strip mall. It was 5:05, and Lotus didn't open till 5:30 so we decided on Korean BBQ. First of all, it is called "Elephant BBQ" and not "Elephant Snack". The snack part only comes up on your receipt...We couldn't flag down the waitress to save our lives, and there was only 3 other tables in the whole restaurant. When I finally got her attention, she was intercepted by the table next to us, so it took her even longer to make it over to us.At 5:27 after sitting there with nothing in front of us for nearly half an hour and starving to death, we debated getting up and leaving and heading back to Lotus of Siam. She finally brought over our waters, and my friend requested the little starters, and they were actually very fresh and good. (We had six small dishes of a seaweed salad, bean sprouts, kim-chi, potato pancake, fish cake). We ordered the Cha Dol Baeki (thin sliced beef with no marinade) and a soup. Both were really, really good. My friend asked for a lot of other little things (lettuce to wrap the meat for one) and they didn't have any of it.As a whole: the service sucked; the food is a solid 3.5, decor is nothing to look at. Bring on the LA Korean BBQ.
3	Sunday cravings for Korean food. Its 530 or so. I was cruising the Commercial Center area for something to jump out at me. We saw the Elephant Snack sign with pictures in the window. We enter as the only guest at the time. As we order with the very sweet and courteous Mai, the place starts filling up.  We order the standard DolSot Bi Bimbap, Shrimp Tempura, Mandoo, Galbi. Let me start by saying that the service was superb. Mai gets 5 stars. The Shrimp/ veg tempura was great. Here is my constructive observations to the owners. Having pictures on the wall surely dictates that your food should look somewhat like the pictures. Lets start with the Dol sot Bibimap, Hot Pot, crispy bits of delish at the bottom as you stir your sunny side egg with gogujung sauce into your bowl of rice and veg. I got a lukewarm pot, no crispy rice and for $9.00 feel a little cheated on the veg. I found my egg curiously covered with lettuce and it was cooked over hard no gooey yolk to mix into rice. When I asked the older woman for a new egg like the picture" she looked at me like I was insulting her cooking" she did not understand why I was not satisfied with the egg I had, She made me a new one that had under done whites. Here's how you do it. Get egg pan scorching hot pour oil in wait 1 minute add egg, leave alone for 2minutes you will have the perfect sunny side egg..Mandoo 8 pc for 6.00 Where do you find round won ton wraps that small? I am disappointed with the size not the flavor. Galbi, once again 3 strips cut into sections for 18.99. I just don't get it. Again I am upset with the portions for the price. I get the same amount of Galbi at L&L for 8.00 and it comes with rice and macaroni salad. However the flavor was great.  I am not sure where to go from here. Where is the Korean food spot that you get a fair serving for the price I don't mean an all you can eat place where you cook your food. I want the Las Vegas version of Kim Chee II on King Street in Hawaii.Or somebody open a Yummy BBQ here like the ones in the malls in Hawaii. Have Bi Bim kook su as an option somewhere please. So far only Island Style offers the cold noodles. Bah chan was everyday fair nothing unique to the restaurant that would make it stand apart.  I had just had dinner in LA at Cho Sun Galbi and the bah chan there was incredible.
5	Its like home to me and the jjampong is one of the best I have ever had ...
4	I had a very nice experience here.  My girlfriend and I got fairly standard dishes: bulgogi and  bibimbap. My girlfriend loved her bibimbap. I was very happy with my bulgogi. Everyone in the restaurant was polite and friendly. We had to get the attention of the lady serving us a few times, but that is not a problem for me when I'm the only one in a small restaurant.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that my tame choice made it difficult to judge the overall food properly.We left wanting to return again.
5	Let me preface this review by saying that I'm not related to the owner nor do I have stock in this restaurant.My family spent 6 days in Vegas shoveling in buffet after buffet.  I was in desperate need of Korean food, and I have pretty low expectations when it comes to Vegas Korean food.  Nevertheless, I took my chances with yelp, and we stumbled across this place.  We ordered jjambong, chicken cutlet, dolsot bibimbab, and some fish dish.  The banchans came out first, and it was very impressive.  The main dishes came out, and each dish was spot on.  I'm not going to dissect each dish, but each dish could have been it's own restaurant.If you saw what I looked like, you would trust my food review.  This is the first legitimate Korean restaurant we have eaten at.  This restaurant could definitely keep up with the popular restaurants in k-town.  If you come here and complain that the service was bad or the walls didn't meet your artistic needs...come on.   Asian people aren't known for their service, so let's get over that aspect.If you are craving something spicy and tired of the omelette and meat stations, give this place a try.
5	One of my favorite places to eat at in Vegas. As a kid, this restaurant was already well known for its Korean BBQ. I left Vegas in 2005 and was surprised to still recognize this place after I came back in 2012! I tried it with my mom and brother...the taste is still the same!!! It's now called Woo Chon. I highly recommend this place and I guarantee you won't be disappointed!
