2	we have gone here probley 5 times or so and the best thing is it,s close to the house but the last visit we ordered a shrimp dish and it had 4 shrimp in it for 7.95ish pad thai was not very exciting and they never asked how spicy i would like it , i stoped after work i was brain dead and did not think to  mention it.luckily i had chili paste at home.I told my wife that we will need to venture a little farther for thai food from here on out
5	I've been going to Thai Food Corner since 2005. I'm a big fan of their Penang Curry Chicken, Pad Se Ew and Tom Ka Gai soup.Service is always spot on, the food is consistently good and the prices are great.If you are looking for a neighborhood style Thai food restaurant in east Mesa, Thai Food Corner should be on the top of your list.
4	Never had Thai food before but I love it now! Enjoyed the PadThai very much and anxious to get back and experiment with the menu. Good value.
3	I am feeling rather generous and hence an extra star for this establishment. Mom and pop .. me support so A-OK rating. I always order Woon sen (Glass noodles) with whatever I feel like having that made into (Pad thai, Pad etc) This place has been a hit or miss (miss mostly), hence probably why it is never very crowded (or it could be the remote location)
5	I love this place! I always get the Pad Thai or the Veggies and Tofu both are excellent.  Also I think they make the best Won Ton Soup I've ever had.
2	The fried rice is excellent here, but not much else. The lady that served us (owner?) was unpleasant, and was fairly rude when I asked about vegetarian options.We won't be going back.
1	I love Thai food it is probably my favorite cuisine and I also enjoy trying new places. I was sadly and sorely disappointed in Thai Corner. I went with my mom and we always order an appetizer entrees which we share then have enough for lunch the next day. The food looked amazing but I guess looks can be deceiving. I might as well have been eating plain noodles with steamed broccoli that is how bland the food was. Our appetizer (I can't remember the name) was an awkward concoction of deep fried noodles and some other unrecognizable fried things. The panang curry was soupy and lacked any of the depth or flavor of a true panang. The pad see ewe was like overcooked noodles with a little soy sauce and some mushy carrots. The food was so bland that I had to add soy sauce to give it a little flavor and when the waitress/owner saw me doing this she actually yelled at me telling me her food did not need soy sauce to which I replied, " well I guess you have never tasted your food then." There is no reason to visit this establishment as 5 R Chas is only about a mile away and have far superior food to Thai Kitchen. So yourself a favor and don't subject yourself to the bland food and rude staff.
4	I didn't think there were any Mom and Pop Thai shops in Mesa, but I was wrong. This quaint little places is nestled up in the corner, but definitely worth going to because of the quick meals and the accommodating staff.
5	In order for this place to have a low rating is because either competing Thai restaurants are stooping as low as to deface this great place or you are a hard to please snob that more than likely has MANY low rating reviews on this site.This is a very authentic Thai food joint. It's family run, (which is absolutely key in this field) it's a quiet environment, and the staff is very kind and accommodating. As far as the food goes, EXCELLENT! My girlfriend who is a complete Thai food snob praises the place. The only complaint I have ever had is that one time I was there I had this table of about 8 people constantly looking at me. One of them finally asked, "what did you order? it looks SO GOOD!" Ok, I will let that one slide. It does look good, and tastes even better.I just wish this place was a bit more conveniently located so they could have more reviews. This is a permanent spot for me and whoever I bring with me. A TRUE GEM IN MESA, AZ.
3	If you're looking for basic Thai Food, at a place that isn't fancy this is a great choice.
4	had lunch today with colleagues from out of town. 3rd time eating here and we'll be back. very attentive service. above average food selection and quality. mostly authentic. clean rest room. clean dining room. good parking..
2	Thai Food Corner is a new quaint little place near work.  I was inquiring about some of my favorite dishes, and they didn't make it with chicken, but with pork instead.  That was the first bad sign.  I ordered my food medium spice, and it was spicy as heck with green chili and red chili pepper seeds.  I have had Thai medium many places, and it has never been this hot.  Be careful how you order here.
5	This place is wonderful! A great mom & pop restaurant that we love to go back to. Everything we've tried we have never been disappointed. The husband is the cook & he does an amazing job! He's so nice & when he has a second he'll come out to talk to you lol As others have said the wife seems a little grumpy at times lol but my son (who is 5 & loves the food) wanted to be a big boy & go ask her for something himself, I forget what it was but she had the biggest smile for him, got down on his level to talk to him & couldn't be happier to help :)
5	Yum.  For a casual eatery this place is a top pick.  The curry is awesome & the noodles are great!  Prices are cheap & the owner is so helpful with suggestions when ordering.  He warned us about the spicy dishes but as it turned out he needn't worried,  the medium spicy was very good:  nice heat, good spice & completely yummy.
4	Place is ok, a little small but it's ok. Food was pretty good also. Pad Thai, yellow chicken curry and panaeng was good. They don't serve hot oil though. Dried chilli did the job! Lol. Def coming back next time. Thai iced tea was good. Loved it. It was pretty big too compared to other Asian place.
5	I love the food!  I've eaten here no less than a dozen times in the last couple of months and the food is consistently fantastic.
5	My friend and I wanted to try some new Thai in the area. We chose Thai Food Corner based on the reviews. We were NOT disappointed. We ordered the Thai Toast, which we had no idea what to expect, and it was fabulous. It was served with their cucumber relish, which the whole dish is best when eaten all together. The Egg drop soup was decent. I chose the Pad Thai, mild (cause I'm a wimp) and it was fabulous. It has a great combination of chicken and veggies. My friend got the yellow curry which was equally as delicious. The portions are large and could easily be shared. Long story short, try this place it's delicious.
4	My favorite little Taiwan place.  #9 children soup is Laura favorite  mine would be about everything on the menu
4	Small dining room, not sure there is even a restroom, but clean and service is prompt.  Owners very nice.  Food was excellent.  This thai place is truly thai as far as spices go.  Medium here is like hot elsewhere.  Great for curries!  If ordering anything else, would recommend mild.  Located in an older plaza in Alta Mesa area that looks a little run down.  Lots of parking though!  Would definitely try again, especially if in the mood for that face burning tingle with the hot and spicy.  Mmm.
5	I love this place! I've been eating here since I was a kid and it used to be D's Thai Food. I've never had a bad meal here!
2	I came in about an hour before closing and the staff there were rude. The food wasn't all that good. I had high hopes that other reviews were wrong but I agree that this place isn't all that good. I felt like I could make Thai food at home much better.
4	Only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 is because the service isn't the best, the food is GREAT! I ordered the Pad Thai and it was up there with others I've had!
