2	I went here a little over a year ago when it was Hookah Lounge on a random Tues night.  Pretty dead, kebabs were just OK but the falafel was decent.We went on a recent Sat night just to see what they had done w/ the place.  Most of the seats/decor are still the same except they were playing horrible techno music til about 1am.  Menu has totally changed w/ most of it being tapas.  I guess they're trying to Firefly the place.  We went w/ the chicken salad, chicken nan pockets and thai pizza.  All of it was decent but nothing worth coming back for.  They had a lot of their own cocktails going for $6 and many of them consisting of blue curacao for some reason.  So we finished and were ready to hookah BUT we couldn't smoke in the area we were in.  We had to go into this closed in bar area w/ girls dancing on tables...very strip club feel to it.  While I would've had no problem with this if I was w/ a group of guy friends, I was w/ my wife and another female friend.  Plus for $25 a hookah..yikes!  We just opted for Paymon's for a smoke.They've added some more lights to the place and it definitely looks better than before.  The staff we spoke with were all friendly and helpful.  But I just thought this was a one and done kinda place.  We were surprised how many people were in here and getting bottle service which I couldn't even imagine doing here.So if you want to hookah..Paymon's is cheaper w/ a better atmosphere.If you want tapas..go to Firefly instead.If you want bottle service off the strip...go to Little Macau.
4	This place is the ultimate place to chill out with friends on a couch.. or love sack, smoke hookah and enjoy a drink while listening to bitchin' tunes.  (both live and a DJ)
3	An upscale hookah lounge.  The decor is pretty nice.  The food not too bad.  However, It might have been that it was a Sunday, but the place was just empty.  A dress code is active when the place is busy, or when it's a weekend sometimes.  The prices of the hookahs are decent, however, the service wasn't that great.  There's also only one pipe per hookah, and if you happen to have a big group, it's not too appealing waiting for the pipe to be passed around.  Nice place, but nothing special.
3	barely empty on a Saturday night. $10 cover in vegas is alright I guess,just went there for some hookah n drinks. Hookah is pretty decentpregaming here is cool but not the best spot  if you wana dance and have fun.
4	I really like this place! They need more promotions though I will say that. Also it's easy to spend a lot which as a local we all know gets old fast. But compared to other clubs I find this one to be a lot of fun.
