5	I was driving through Mt. Lebanon at lunchtime and saw a new sign on Washington Rd. I'm glad I stopped to investigate because I was in for a delicious surprise! The Simple Greek is essentially a Greek food version of Chipotle and Qdoba (with all the same greatness!) You can build a pita, a salad, or a bowl with rice, vegetables, sauces, and meats to your own liking. I had a gyro meat rice bowl with delicious sour cream tzatziki sauce, green beans and potatoes in red sauce, and fresh veggies on top. I was so excited that I could decide what flavors to put together! They really make it to suit you--when I asked to try both types of rice in my bowl, the man making my meal was perfectly willing to split it down the middle to make it just the way I wanted it.Additionally, the staff there was wonderful! I really appreciated that they took the time to explain what was in everything because, as someone with multiple food allergies, I hate to be surprised. Also, the woman in line behind me was asking about the vegetarian options on the menu and the man assisting her seemed very accommodating to her too. Each person I talked to seemed genuinely happy that I was there to eat, and that is always a plus in my book!The atmosphere is welcoming, the place looks clean and well-maintained, and I'm eager to recommend it to all of my friends!
5	We loved this place!  We'd been wanting to visit for a while, and finally had the time.  It's set up as a "make as you go" and you can choose if you want a pita, rice bowl or salad.  Then you get to choose your protein and toppings.  Everything is super fresh, from scratch, and absolutely delicious.  Oh my goodness, it was delicious!  I got the soup, the kiddos (and I!) shared a huge rice bowl and my honey got a gyro rice bowl.  Oh, and we couldn't resist the fresh fries and a side of hummus.  Firstly, the meat.  The gyro meat was tender and moist, yum!  The chicken was also tender and seasoned well, we all enjoyed that.  We all got the rice with lentils as our base, and it was also yummy.  The pitas were grilled and the hummus was a little more lemony than other places but just tasted very fresh.  The fries looked like they were burned but tasted just fine and were tender in the middle.  We all got the yogurt-based tzatziki (you can choose yogurt or sour cream based) and it too was great.  Overall we ate tons of food and left feeling very satisfied.  Not the "oh god I ate too much and I've now got a brick in my stomach" but rather "Wow, I feel awesome!  That was good and fresh and I just feel...good!"  And best of all?  We didn't get MSG-snowed at all.  (With the rice and soup I figured if it was going to happen it would have, but nothing!)I would go back any day.
5	Ignore Jason M. Who obviously can't seem to grasp the  concept of this website. No one cares that you were denied a gyro at half past six on a Friday, and it's not a reason to leave a one star rating, you petulant child. As for the actual food, it's great. Nice change of pace from the norm in a nice clean place with great kids behind the counter. Don't let some jerk's one star rating deter you.
4	I saw The Simple Greek on the tv show, The Profit, and decided to give it a shot tonight.  The menu was nice and simple.  You have the option to get their gyros as a bowl, instead of the traditional pita, which they offer you white or wheat.  They had about eight different toppings to add to your gyro as well. I ordered the traditional gyro, small Greek salad, and the baklava.  The gyro was fresh and the Tzatziki sauce was really tasty!    The baklava was da bomb diggity.  It just melts right in your mouth!  I can't wait to go back!
5	Loved it.  Went on a Saturday night at about 7 and the place, unfortunately, was deserted.  (I hope that changes.)  The kids behind the counter were very helpful and friendly.  I got a gyro salad and my husband had a gyro (see review from earlier tonight).  Both were very tasty.  I had the yogurt-based tzatziki and he had the sour cream-based.  Portions were generous, especially for $8 each.  With drinks and tax, the total was just over $20 - a steal Lebo.  This place used to be a big fat greek gyro, but the owners re-designed/branded the place.  Apparently, they'll be on an episode of "where's the profit".   My husband thought the change was a good move.  I'd never been to the prior version, but he had.  He thought the place had a bit of an identity crisis, though the gyro was solid.  (Not as bright or open, single guy behind the counter... Was it a mom and pop shop?)  The new rendition is open, clean and you can see all the food.  (It's greek does subway/chipolte.)  Anyhow, this place is a great neighborhood addition.  Nice time you're looking for something quick and/or reasonably healthy and cheap, give it a try!
4	It is the "Chipotle" of Greek food!  Portions are very generous.  You can choose your protein, veggies and sauces.  They have a yogurt-based tzatziki and a sour-cream based.  We had one of each between us, and really liked both.  I had the bowl which was an awesome salad.  It comes with pita triangles which was just right for lunch.  Very kid friendly in here, but no kids menu that I noticed.
5	We saw The Simple Greek on the tv show, The Profit, (Love Marcus) and decided to drive the 30 minutes and take the family.....we were so glad that we did.  When we arrived the restaurant was super busy and we thought it would take forever, not a chance...We were able to place our order quickly and being a newbie, the workers were very pleasant and helpful.  My 6 year old (picky eater) even loved it.  Bottom line...the food was awesome, place was super clean, the employees helpful, and the baklava was da bomb diggity.  It just melts right in your mouth!  We can't wait to go back!  P.S. Would love to hear the Greek Music!
