3	It's cheap and fast! The employees are friendly and provide good service. Don't expect fine detailing the entire car, but they do a good, quick vacuum and wipe down inside. The outside is your standard drive-through wash. It's a step above a gas station car wash.
4	I love Autobell!  Really fast service with really cute car wash dudes.  Today they ran my car through twice (not cause it was so dirty surprisingly) but because they noticed all the bells and whistles wax stuff I had purchased hadnt gone right in the machine thing.  I would never have noticed!  But they did!!!  Super guys thanks!!!  Always bring cash for a tip :-D
3	I love Autobell but it feels like this location is a little slower (probably just because of the volume of traffic) and not quite as attentive to detail. To get any tire gloss or anything beyond a hose-down, you are talking twenty bucks. It's a great chain overall, maybe slide over to Tryon or Southend for slightly better treatment.
1	Worst auto bell in town. Do not go here. It wasn't even decent enough for one star.
4	I know we all know the cheesy commercials we've all heard but people CAN tell when you autobell!  I don't know about you but there is something theraputic about a clean car and these guys are the clean car care Dr. Feelgood's.Lines can be kind of long on a nice day but they do a great job getting you in and out quickly and the last visit I had the young man cleaning the inside of my car took extra care.One drawback is that it is a bit more expensive than most places but I think it's worth it.
4	This location has done the best job on our car to date. The staff hoofs it with each vehicle and it's easy to see from the intersection of 3rd and Charlottetowne. Came in for a full-service wash on a Saturday. Went with the super, mack-daddy wash they offer. Runs around $22. Figured the best one they sell would have to garner some better results than our other experiences with Auto Bell. It was just dandy. The wash portion is simple (since it's automated). Our car was dive-bombed by a murder of angry pigeons and there was hell to pay....the wash portion took care of their sh....stuff. The interior of our car was immaculate. The wheel well wash and shine they apply to the tires is a nice touch. Both of us had to step back and say, "Damn! Our car looks so nice...when it's clean!"Great job, Auto Bell. We'll be coming to this location from here on out.
