5	The best haircut I've had since i left the east-coast.
5	Being a person of color, I understand the difficulties associated with making my hair look good and because of that I have had trouble finding a place to go and get a good haircut. This place has solved that problem. My barber had my hair looking pretty good and I was in the shop for only about half an hour. A great barbershop for blacks in the valley.
5	Holla at that chick named Joy. She makes you look like a celebrity.
1	Racist Place. I called prior to going down. I needed a shave and cut. I'm in a wheelchair and Hispanic. I went in with my wife and one female barber was LAYING down on a bench. (can u believe that) another guy cutting hair and another one waiting to cut someone else's hair. Not one person asked if they could help us, did not acknowledge that we were there for over 10 minutes. The one laying down kept (huffing n puffing like she was fricken dying) I then asked to use a restroom.... My wheelchair could not get through because if trash piled by the restroom door. None of the three staff offered to make a way for me to their restroom. I was insulted. I could but believe it. Completely shocked. They are lucky I did not sue them for not  bring non ADA compliant
3	Place is not organized, not clean, No sign in Sheet, Just  a hot mess. Go elsewhere (see my reviews for a barbershop!) Not coming back!Until they get their place together!
5	It's a little pricey, but Joy can cut well. Not only did she do an EXCELLENT job, but took only 30 or so minutes to do both my fade and goatee (note: my regular barber is less expensive, does a great job, but takes an hour and a half MINIMUM to do the cut). Its always an adventure trying out a new barber. But she won a new regular customer as long as I'm living in the area.
5	Visited this place for the 1st time on a Friday afternoon.  Place was busy but not overcrowded.  Nice waiting area. Great movies playing.  My son's barber was Kevin. He was very friendly, professional, & hooked my lil mans hair up. Beautiful cut!!! Great prices.  Ladies if you're in need of a great eyebrow artist Kevin is the man. I let him hook up mine & my daughters brows & they are on point
