3	You'll find Le Petit Bar directly across from La Creperie, so you can buy a kitschy souvenir glass o' girly booze right after you've stuffed yourself with a crepe.What's really hi-larious is all the fratty guys in line to buy plastic Eiffel Towers full of strawberry margaritas.....This is not macho!  Be a man...go drink some whiskey....out of a broken bottle.....Anyway, you can get one of the aforementioned Eiffels (32 oz., I believe) or a ceramic Paris balloon (24 oz. according to my searches on the interwebs) for $15.  Then you can go walk around the Strip and look silly, but isn't that what Vegas is all about?You can also get these drinks at the outdoor bar right in front of Paris's casino entrance, which is open later (Le Petit Bar was closing up at 11 p.m. when I was there).
4	Yummy Frozen Strawberry Margarita! The bartender hooked it up with the alcohol. He made it really strong. Is it worth the $15.00?? Some might say no and others might say yes. I personally kept my souvenir Eiffel Tower Cup. When you're in Vegas, most everything is going to cost something, so why not spend $15.00 on a drink that equates to probably 4 - 8 oz margaritas? If you bought just one margarita in Vegas, it would roughly cost about $8.00 or so. I think it's worth it!! Plus it was deliciously made and had a lot of alcohol!!
2	Wanted some of those huge souvenir cups everyone was carrying around. Specifically the Eiffel Tower one since it was different than the boring rest. Got a non-alcoholic strawberry frozen drink thingy. It was good but couldn't finish it. Was it 11 or 13 dollars? I forgot. The price isn't too bad. Service sucked asss.
4	Great Bloody Mary's and 5 bucks is a great price considering the location. I was very thankful for the celery. For some reason so many bars leave that out but the Le Petite Bar is on their game. Keep it up!
4	Paris is one of my favorite hotels, and I always have to take someone to get one of their famous balloon ceramic souvenier cups with a Pina Colada or Strawberry Daquiri. It's only $15 with the alcohol. The souveneir shop across the way sells the balloon cup for $13! Might as well get it with the drink! Always quick in and out, but the cup does get darn heavy if you're going to walk the strip. They also put a lot in there, so you'll be sure to get tipsy and full if you drink the whole thing! They also sell a plastic Eiffel tower, but the ceramic balloon is the one to get! Also makes a nice little ashtray~
5	THE EIFFEL TOWER DRINK!!!!!......faints....Ok I'm back, this drink my boys put me on to while walking the strip in Vegas, First off they tipped the dude making our drink to pour enough vodka to fill the complete base of the container which left the skinny part of the Eiffel tower to be filled with what ever flavor you choose, I picked strawberry and it was good as HELL!!!...however  after about 5 Min's I began to feel the effects of this drink and I wasn't even close to finishing it!! LAWD LAWD LAWD we still had VIP at the club that night so all 8 of us were staggering back to the hotel down the strip just talking to any and everybody about only God knows cause I don't remember!..lol It took me two days to finish this drink!..lol Awww Vegas I so love you...shhhh don't tell my fiance!! IF YOU Ever visit Vegas and you want a drink that has any flavor you can dream of with vodka in it and you want to get bent quick this is the spot for you!!!!
5	Tiny little bar in Paris (hotel!)  where the shops are on the way to Ballys!I always stop by and grab a TALL EiFFEL Tower!!! Typically I get the Pina Colada with swirls of strawberry daiquiri in it! YUM!! And the price is pretty good at like $17ish dollars.However, this last time I had it I got totally toasted!! This last bartender made it with some extra je ne sais quoi!!
5	My favorite spot in Vegas.The 'bar' is just a window from the restaurant into the main concourse inside Paris.The $5 spicy bloody Mary is the best deal on the strip!The crepe spot across the walkway is also delicious
2	Eh, it's okay. One of the only places you can get the Eiffel Tower cups (but they're like $19, just doesn't seem worth it).
4	Oh yes, the Eiffel Tower drink. My buddy and I each got a pina colada in an Eiffel Tower, which contained a huge amount of alcohol. The bartender, who was a very friendly guy, poured a whole ton of liquor in and blended it up...to make one. I didn't realize all that liquor would only be for one of us. Wow. Walking around with a gigantic Eiffel Tower with a straw sticking out will get you some looks, but not in a bad way. Also, we both realized the same thing - it goes down very easy and seems weak until the base of the Tower, when it all just hits you almost instantly. Have fun. $16.99 for the Eiffel Tower with that much liquor? Hell of a deal on the Strip.
4	When in Paris, one must drink from an enormous, yet mini, Eiffel Tower.I've always snickered at the tourists drinking from yards. But, now I can hate myself, because I finally bought one during a hazy night out.For $16.99, I'd say this is one of the better deals on the strip.  It is enormous and I saw the bartender pour in a ton of alcohol.  It took me nearly 2 1/2 hours to drink it!There is a choice of margarita, daiquiri, or a pina colada. I chose lime margarita because, you know, macho.  It will hit you hard when you get to the base, trust me.People will stare at you and comment on it.  But, oddly, most just expressed jealousy.'Merica.
5	Great atmosphere!
4	So a year or so ago I walked past this little spot and got the most amazing $5 bloody mary ever made with Skyy Vodka and the best handmade spice mix.  I went back early this month for the sole purpose of getting another one of these...and sadly they were no longer $5 but now $8 - but seriously just as awesome as I remembered, so it was totally worth the extra few bucks.   We've ordered at the little window of the bar along the indoor cobblestone 'sidewalks' just before you reach the casino - so you can order, pay and take your drink on your way to where it is your going.   Seriously though, if you love bloody mary's, you have to get one here.
2	I can't tell if I got ripped off or the drink have become famous and now they are charging an arm and a leg for it. I got the strawberry mixed with pina colada Eiffel tower drink with NO alcohol. The price was $16.99, after tax $18.37. WHAT! I asked him, even with no alcohol. He said same price with OR without alcohol! WTF!As much as I think the cup is cool, the price is ridiculous! There are two other places selling this Eiffel tower drink. Ask around to see who sells it cheaper! I should have done that before settling for this place. Plus it was SO difficult to find!
5	Funny little place. Nice for a frozen drink in a souvenir drink container. Good, friendly service. Not cheap, but big drinks.
