4	My go-to for a lot of my beauty needs. This is a new location so it was well staffed and everyone was friendly. I was a little disappointed that on their grand opening weekend when they were giving out gift certificates they they were out of stock on a fair amount of products. I had hoped to try some new items within my $30 worth of gift certificates but instead ended up stocking up on my usual items.
1	I cannot explain the discomfort I felt inside of this Ulta location.Upon entering this location with my mother, I instantly felt weird. The workers all had fake and bratty "smiles" on their faces, and a few of them gave me dirty looks!! Really?!I was walking around on my own, when looking at the lipsticks I was waiting a few minutes for assistance. When the woman came to help me, she was very short with me and said "Let me see how much that is. That is 20 dollars." 20 dollars for a tiny tube of lipstick , people. She directed me to the cheap part of the store with the 2 dollar lipsticks, rudely saying "Here's the stuff that you can afford."  Thinking that was what I was looking for since I am a teenager... Okay then.I felt awkward, shy, and just wanted to huddle down and leave. The woman that "helped" kept looking at me suspiciously, and it was creepy. Also, the condition of the restroom was UNACCEPTABLE. Filty toilets covered in disease packed stuff and floors full of DIRT, it was just horrifying. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO ULTA. One of the WORST experiences I have ever had at a store, quite possibly the absolute worst.
1	I know it's the holidays but the store was understaffed. Obviously that's not the staff's fault, it's managements. It took me about 13 minutes to get through the line. We were backed up to the facial cleansers aisle. Also the price signs are so difficult to read I think if they made them more obvious you'd know the price you're paying for something. Because I unfortunately thought I was buying an $18 product when it was $50. Big difference due to the poor placement of the price. It was on the "amazing concealer" product. It was the applicator brush that was 18 and the 3 oz was 24 and the 5 oz was $48. I checked after I purchased it and waited in line forever I just accepted it. I won't be back.
1	Worst Ulta I've ever been to. The person working at benefits brow is racist! She knew I had an appointment and was waiting right by the counter for almost an hour, I did not get any greeting or even acknowledgement for my presence. She continued on chatting with the girl she had on the chair and taking her time. It was clear she did not want to serve me. I've been going to benefits brow for two years now and go every month. This is by far the worst I've experienced. It's like they opened up another branch and put the worst staff in there! I doubt this branch will make much money given their service level now
