3	This location does not have a drive-thru but they have ample parking and the service is fast.
4	Staff was very friendly! They always take a moment to chat me up while making my drink. And they always make my drink right.The big windows get too much sun for the shades to compensate for, so half the seating of the store is too warm during our summers here in Phoenix. Sometimes its hard to find a seat on the cool-side during peak hours.The net is always up and there is enough parking spaces.
5	I come here to this location in the morning and on my lunch. The employee were very helpful.  Always consistent.  Noah and Theresa are the Best (and the rest of the staff is great too!)
3	As much as I rag about "corporate coffee", I still come to Starbucks out of convenience from time to time. * cue gagging noises * This one happens to be on my drive to work! Sometimes you just need that extra caffeine hit after your morning wake-up cup or two at home. Don't judge! There's no drive thru; however, the place has a huge parking lot. The employees are always friendly and will either ask for your name or read it off your credit card. Me, usually in and out pretty quick - It's pretty hard to mess up  basic, non frou-frou iced coffee! Standard Starbucks quality; what did you expect?  Recommended.
5	It is scary as I sit here and watch people come in the door.. Do they put something in the coffee that is addictive ??? Or is it just that good ??? Either way I do notice that they are all not made the same.. But I still feel the need that I MUST have my coffee. Staff can range from store to store but for the most part are always curtious. Wish I had came up with the concept to start a company like Starbucks $$$
5	Great coffee, great atmosphere and great staff! Very friendly and welcoming :)
5	Had to come back and update this review. I come by this Starbucks more often than I'd like to admit; it's by work. Will swing by once a week or so, and will have meetings here in the afternoon with my throws coach as it's close to the gym. Let's be honest: NO Starbucks is five stars. They're a dime a dozen, and you probably know what a "good experience" at a "good Starbucks" is like. Theresa, however, is what makes this place! And her team of awesome ladies! Always a huge smile on her face, even at 5:15/30 AM. Remembers me by name and follows up on previous conversations we've had. Knows my drink (Grande Pikes Place, no added sweetener), unless I go off into the deep end and order something crazy! The customer service here is the only why I'm upping the rating two stars.Well done, Chandler and Kyrene team! :)
4	Sometimes you need that pick me up at 4:00 AM and what better and cliche way than to hit up a Starbucks. I usually grab a Iced Coffee in the morning and the friendly staff always greets me and makes the event personable. After a few times, everyone there will start calling you by your first name (crazy with the amount of customers they get).Overall really enjoy coming here and grabbing a morning wake up call.
3	That free WiFi is worth what you pay for it.I turn it off and just use the phone data plan. The drinks are great the baked goods fresh, staff pleasant and fast.I sure wish they had real WiFi not this 56k modem junk.
