4	These guys do it right.  Check there stats and you will find Jacks Auto Alignment as one of the best alignment locations in Phoenix.  I always suggest my customers at my garage to visit Jacks for assistance.  Just East of 24th St on Thomas Jacks Alignment will quickly align your car to get rid of the shaking you might feel.
5	family owned and operated"aligned" my car, while i waitedpulled it out, on to the rackslooked it over, front to backturned out, i just had low tiresembarrassed,  but had to admire"no charge", ol' Jack  said to me  Jacks Auto, since 1960open air, work from belowdomestics, imports and limospretty much, will fix 'em allworked me in, with one quick callalignments,  that will set you straightsuspensions, and they'll fix your brakesmonday thru friday, weekends offkwan's not king, at this shop  refreshing, in these days of greedlousy service,  rude employeesold school, old enough to knowwhat it was like,  when you would goto a garage, or filling stationreplaced now, this franchised nationimpressed, by his, honestyand their solid, warrantyseven months, seven thousand mileseast bound, i began to smileno more wobble, tires lowinflate, I was, good to goand pay it forward, owe him oneso go see Jack, he'll git er done
5	About six months ago, my Dad told me I needed to have my wheels aligned.  I kept putting it off, but last week I decided I just needed to get it done.  I searched Yelp, of course, and came across a few reviews for places near what would be my new office.  I finally settled on Jack's Auto Alignment & Brakes, called on Friday, and made an appointment to drop off the car today at noon.A friend/co-worker followed me out to the shop, and when I get there, I spoke with Ken, the man who made my appointment.  He said the car would be ready by the end of the day and he would be happy to call before they started work if I so desired.  I told him to do whatever it needed and to call when it was ready to picked up.  I asked him if he needed payment before I left, and he said no - he wouldn't charge me for work he didn't yet know needed to be done.  Excellent!Before I left, I asked him for a favor.  I had gone to get my emissions tested over the weekend, but because the emissions sensor thing under the steering column (that's a VERY technical term) had come unplugged, they couldn't do the test.  They said I could do it myself, but I couldn't figure out where the thing plugged in.  I asked Ken if he could figure it out, and thankfully, he was able to!  He didn't charge me to do this, as some places may have.  Very cool of him.Another cool thing:  One of the guys noticed my friend's tires looked a little low.  He had her pull the car to the bay and filled them up for her.  It's those little extra touches that make a good place great.Shortly after I returned to the office after dropped off the car, I had a message from Ken telling me the car was done.  They finished in less than an hour!  I called back and spoke with Ken and he told me only the front wheels needed to be aligned and told me I needed to replace the front tires sooner rather than later.When I went to pick up the car, I realized I'd forgotten my debit card and ID at home.  Thankfully, I have my card number memorized and Ken was able to run it manually.  Again, very cool of him.  Before I left, he told me to have the alignment checked once a year and reminded me about the front tires.There's no doubt in my mind I'll take my car to this place when I need to have my brakes replaced or my wheels aligned.  I'm a huge supporter of locally owned and operated shops, and I'm thrilled to add this one to my list and recommend them to anyone who needs their services!
4	Took my truck in today. Been pulling to the right for about forever. Or at least the last couple years.Went here based on Yelp reviews. Glad I did.Guy went out, put my truck on the rack. About 5 minutes later came in and said the tires were gonna make it wonky, since they weren't worn correctly.I told him they were used tires, since I'm poor.He said he could make it drive straight, based on the tires, or make it the way it's supposed to be, and the tires would make it pull anyway, until I get a good, matched set.I told him to make it correct, and I'd get the tires when I could.He goes back out, then about 10 minutes later comes back in and tell me the entire problem is tires. Says I might need a ball joint within a year, but everything else looks just fine.Says "No charge. Keys are in it".Thanks, Jack's, for the free inspection! I will come back when I need some work done!P.S. locally-owned business, so please support them
5	stand up guys.  They checked my alignment, basically said I have bad tires and they could align my wheels if I  wanted but wouldn't solve the problem the tires being bad, said there was a deal at costco or they could hook me up with a deal from his friend but advised costco due to their service and if you are traveling there will be a costco and not this local shop to  get serviced for free.They didn't charge me anything.   They also checked the alignment  manually and not  by computers.  I was  impressed and am impressed  when someone has an old school skill.  Makes the quality of the work better.
5	Outstanding knowledge and always the best in quality and workmanship. We have been using Jack's for at least 20 years and can recommend no other for excellent, friendly service at more than fair prices
5	Extremely clean Lot and Waiting area.  No wait for my 8:30 AM Appointment which I was 7 minutes late for due to Indian School Construction (Thus avoid EAST BOUND Indian School prior to 16th Street as once you pass 12th Street you are stuck until you route thru the one Right LANE open.  In addition, The City Bus stops a few times which ties the back up further.  I was charged the quoted amount exactly and paid by Credit Card.  In addition, I was informed of a damaged Tire to replace soon..
5	Took my Dodge 2500 here today to get a wheel alignment. I had been here before and they told me I needed to get new lower control arms and a steering stabilizer, I had these installed yesterday so I was back to get my alignment.  They checked the truck and told me it was so close they did only a very minor adjustment and there was no charge! The truck drives nice and straight and I'm extremely happy. You could not ask for better service, I give Jack's my highest recommendation!
5	Great Job Gentlemen! Had them work on both of my vehicles and will gladly go back when ever I need to have work done again. Joel and Ken are very professional, No BS when it came to what needed to be done. Best in Town.
5	After seeing the reviews here, I made an appointment at Jack's for my '87 Coupe DeVille. Ken checked it out, rotated my tires for free and showed me a CV boot that is starting to leak. Ken was excellent to work with and took the time to let me know where I started and how he adjusted my alignment. I will recommend and certainly use Jack's again when I need a service they provide.
3	You might notice I have more than one check in here.  I came in with a very slight pull to the right.  Left with a ver slight pull to the left and the guy telling me that my car might ride differently because he set it up for tire wear, not performance like the factory.  WHAT?They ended up fixing the pull but since there isn't a computer in the place and they didn't seem to fond of seeing me again I felt uncomfortable asking them to put it to factory settings. Now my car doesn't handle as well (honestly, there is a noticable difference) and I am force to go to another shop to get me back to factory specs.  Bummer.  I must say that I won't be going to a place again that doesn't have modern equipement.
5	Took my Saturn here and they did a great job on the alignment for $60. It drives straight and smooth. I could not be happier with their service.
5	Great shop.  Super fast and friendly service.  They were ready at my appointment time and didn't waste any of my day.  I sincerely recommend Jack's if you need an alignment.  They even gave insight on what to expect performance wise from my new tires and lift.  Thanks!
5	These guys are the greatest. No one knows their job or seems like they have actual expertise these days- Ken does that`s why these guys stand out so much. They found shoddy work from another shop and fixed it for next to nothing.(I'm sure the same work from any other shop would have been gouge city). I have a heavily modified car from a suspension/wheel standpoint and they were able to dial it in just right, offering advanced camber and tow options. Very honest and all around great guys
5	I've been waiting for over two years to write my review for Jack's Auto Alignment & Brakes. The reason I originally went to Jack was because my brand new tires in which I had put about 7,000 miles on were worn out on the insides for all for tires. Needless to say, my new tires are still going strong, the alignment was the best $85 that I spent on my car. Excellent on time service and I've become a life long customer.
5	I took my GTI here for alignment because of the positive reviews on Yelp and various motorsports forums.  Ken worked on my car.  He gave me the details on what was wrong and suggestions on what to do.  I couldn't be more pleased.  The car now drives straight as an arrow.  It's so refreshing to visit a business that's enthusiastic about the service they provide even after all these years.  Jack's has gained another loyal customer.
5	These guys are always fair,  have the best work ethic and never have a problem explaining everything in detail. They use the old-school weights, analog solution to an analog problem. No computers, and its dead on every time.
5	I'd give them 7 stars if I could! I used a hand alignment shop in Michigan before moving out here and was so happy I found Jack's here in AZ. Hand alignments are the only way to go.  I've been there three times with three different vehicles. A cargo van, a mini-van and a Honda CRV and every time they charged me less than I expected for an amazing alignment. This place costs half what a computer place charges for twice as good work. Do not even think about going elsewhere. Also they do brakes and shocks. Not sure what else. My OLD "reputable" mechanic in Scottsdale charged me $400 for "heavy duty" shocks in the rear. They put on standard shocks, charged me $100 for $50 shocks and loads of labor. I inquired here. Real Heavy Duty shocks for $100 each for my cargo van and $85 for labor. $285  vs $400 plus the real thing and not standard shocks marked up double. I really love coming here and it's fun to watch them do the work. They are extremely professional and efficient. My front end alignment on the van was exactly $60. Not taxable because it's labor and no "shop fees".
1	Ive had aprox. 5 alignments done there over the past few years and always had good work done.  Joel is always very nice, however Ken  (the older gentleman) is usually in a bad mood and probably needs to retire. Last time I was there he was very short and rude. I don't know if he was having a really bad day or what, but I wont be going back.
5	These guys know whats up. Took the time to tell me about some tire problems that I had, and even asked me if I drive the car 'aggressively' as they would have set it up a bit different. Not many places left that actually seem like specialist of a trade. Will be going back for sure!
5	They just saved me $250 plus from having an unnecessary after market cam/castor kit installed on my 09 Ford Ranger Fx4 because they knew there's a removable upper plate that allows proper wheel alignment. Highly recommend for knowledge and honesty!
5	Very honest and reasonable prices. I was told by the Lexus dealership that I needed an alignment and they were going to charge me $170. I took my car to Jacks and after a thorough inspection Jack's was honest and stated I didn't even need an alignment.
5	My family have been coming to this place for years.  They are locally owned. One of the very few honest businesses out there. If adjustment is needed they will charge you a reasonable price. If none needed they will charge you nothing for inspection.  Most places will charge you a fee just to inspect it.  Love this place. Will continue to bring my business here.
5	Super nice crew. They filled my car up with some break fluid, free of charge, which isn't why I gave them 5 stars, it was their friendly attitudes and the fact that they were incredibly helpful.
1	Don't bother even driving here with any alignment issues.. They had my car for less than a min to diagnosis my issue.. Sent me on my way to place I got my tires and said Your car isn't out of alignment.  Well went to tucker tire and indeed it was out.. So got my alignment there and my car rides great!!! Thanks tucker... Jacks  place made me feel like I was a inconvenience.  Will never go there again.  4.5 stars ??? they are not... Go to Tucker Tire
5	My experience today at Sun Devil auto. Was remarkably wonderful. I started this morning looking for a auto shop to help me with the truck. In my third stop was the Sun Devil auto shop. I am mediately was acknowledged. By the staff. Mr Francisco Torres, ask me what brought me in. I asked if they do a diagnostic in the truck. I also ask him you can do a check on the breaks well I have the truck and the shop. . I am mediately felt like I made the right choice. The extra care and attention was absolutely high quality coming from the staff member. Mr Francisco into step by step in show me every detail that I needed to know what kind of work the truck need it. I really appreciated that. Mr Francisco is very honest and not making an upsell. I make sure that I was driving safely on the road with a safe vehicle I will definitely keep my interest in the shop for as long as I live here in Arizona. I recommend this shop to all my friends and family honesty is the best policy.
5	Jack's does auto alignments. If your car needs an alignment, this is the place to come.I had a new steering rack installed and I could have had they guy who installed it do the alignment, but I knew (from several years of being a customer), that Jack's was the place to come. In and out in under 20 minutes. Drives perfect. Great price.
4	Torn on the review here.  They're an absolutely professional shop that specializes in the dark arts of manual suspension / alignments.  I drove up and explained my problem and right off the bat the owner told me that he'd happily take a look but he didn't expect he was going to be able to fix my problem.  He said Mercedes has been allowing less and less alignment options on the newer cars.  So happily he took the car in, checked the front and the rear... spent a good 30 minutes measuring and analyzing.  He came back, handed me the keys and said "yup... not much we can do, your alignment's actually perfect".   Boooo!!  :(  But since there wasn't anything wrong.... he didn't charge me despite spending 30 minutes on it.  Yaaaaayyy I guess :)Not totally thrilled, I decided hold off on my review and went to a second shop.... figuring i'd get a second oppinion.  They too took a look at it and basically told me the same thing... the alignment is perfect. I want to give Jack's 5 stars for being up front and honest, and actually trying.  I want to give them 3 stars for not actually fixing my problem.. but I suppose that's like asking your orthopedist to give you a recommendation on your headache.    it's not exactly fair.  So... 4 stars it is!  I can't say yelp was wrong.  All the reviews were spot on.  honest, helpful, and professional.
3	I was little surprised when I showed up at 3:50pm and not one car on the floor. Techs were closing up and turned me away. They close at 4:30pm and according to tech no vehicles after 3:30pm. Just a heads up just in case you only have time after work to take a vehicle in for service.
5	Here are some guys who really know their business. Honest and reliable.  My Lexus dealer could not fix the problem - my car still pulled to the right after they did an alignment.  Jacks merely rotated the front tires and the problem was solved.  Why couldn't Lexus do that?  When I asked how much - no charge.  Now you know who the real expert is.  Will need brakes soon and I will go to Jacks for sure.
