3	People say Wingstop is so great, but I went to this one, and I'd have to say I don't get it.  Neat decor with the oldschool flight theme, and cozier less terribly noisy environment than BWW.  Wings were large and meaty.  But sauces just weren't very interesting.
3	Does this shirt make me look fat?It must because the folks at this place wanted to make sure I got my walking in today.  I brought some employees over here for lunch and every time one of our food items came out they would set it on the counter and call my name.  We ordered together, so maybe our food could come out together?Jim!  *walks over to counter, "Here's your drinks."  * walks back to table , Jim!  *walks back to counter, "Here's your strips." *walks back to table, Jim!  *walks over to counter, "Here's one of your fries."  *walks back to table, Jim! *walks over to counter, "Here's one of your wings." *walks back to table, Jim! *walks back to counter, "Here's another fry." etc.  And each time I'm being given my 1 or 2 items on a tray.  I've got 5 trays at the table now...Hello?The wings and strips were pretty good, a couple of the sauces needed more punch.  Not bad overall.*Drives back to office.Extra! Extra!  Update 6 hours later:  the Garlic from the Parmesan Garlic Sauce hangs around for quite awhile.  *best Homer voice, faraway look*      Mmmmm Garlic.
1	I had such high hopes for this place.  I see them sporatically all over the valley, and assumed they were a half decent place to get wings and a beer.  I still think that, but my stomach does not.  I was dissapointed with my experience here, and for now, am scratching any plans on returning.I wanted to try something different for dinner last night, something new.  I didnt want fancy, or to blow a lot of money, just something out of the norm.  I swung by wingstop after feeling like I needed some chicken wings, and not from Wendys.  lol.  So, I ended up here.I walked in and the place isnt huge, but seats quite a few.  Studied the menu, asked a few questions, and ended up ordering the 3 peice chicken wing combo for a reasonable price.  I went with the BBQ flavor.So, the food comes out like 10 minutes later.  I couldnt even finish it.  The fries were so salty and tasted weird..they were spicy I think?  My toungue didnt know what to do!  The wings were doused in BBQ sauce!  I mean buried!   It was like they went to Wendys or McDonalds, got some BBQ sauce, and poured it over the top of the wings, and wala,BBQ chicken wings.  It was just to much for me to finish.  It was to much with the sauce.  Even after I scraped some off, I still couldnt down the rest.  My stomach gurgled the rest of the night.  It didnt like what I fed it.  I woke up in the middle of the night wanting to hurl, but ended up not doing so, thank goodness.  It was to much for my tummy to handle.  :-(I don't think I will be back any time soon.
2	I visited Wing Stop again after 9 months or so. It was as good as I remembered only less so as in it wasn't that good last time and was less good this time I tried the Cajun sauce and I don't really know what it is supposed to be but it was kind of hot and kind of buffalo sauce and kind of jerk-herby and hard to pin down like this sentence it was a little aimless in it's flavor and just didn't do much for me so this was probably my last visit to Wing Stop.  Yup.
4	Funny story..  For years I thought this place was somehow related to Pizza Hut, but I guess there's is called something else.  I hear they get that all the time.  Finally, I decide to go inside because I'm hungry and I guess pizza hut wings would do.. Soooo glad I was wrong.Wing Stop is a place that specializes in just wings.. win? I think so.  They have about 6-8 different flavors if I recall, but my personal favorite is the dusted Garlic Parmesan.  I can easily put 10 away. Now the way th ey do their wings is they dont do dozens, but instead they offer them in 10s and for an additional 2.95 ask if you want 5 more? clever huh?  I usually end up doing that.  Oh don't forget to try their french fries.. holy crap..  they are fresh cut fries that are actually sweet!   de-frigging-licious.   My girlfriend always gets them with a side of hot cheese sauce.  I end up eating a few, walking away with a big smile.I'm noticing the bad reviews here, but I personally have always been happy here.  Why not 5 stars?  Because they're not the best wings Ive ever had.  That's a toss up between Native New Yorkers, Oregano's and Zipps wings.  These guys are up there though.
4	I have lived in Chandler for 3 years and for the first time 2 weeks ago, we decided to try it. We got half of the house recipe wings and half of the hot. The beans were great and the fries too! Only disapointment was the dinner roll, yes the dinner roll. The photos looked nice and fluffy and buttery, ours must have missed the butter and were kinda burnt. Not enough to stop us from going back. I will give the free pass on the bad batch of rolls!
3	This place is good but they are really slow. I thought it was just the last couple times I've been here but it's every time. Expect to wait 15 or 20 minutes at least for your wings. Fries and garlic parm wings are my favorite on the menu.
4	Dad's dinner secret. Avoided this for years because I thought it was Pizza Hut's wings but 6 months ago we check it out and it's a winner.My kids love the teriyaki wings but my favorite are the Hawaiian WIngs. The fries are great and a Dos XX while I wait for takeout is always a good thing :)
5	Some of these reviews kill me.  People go to a wing place and order chicken strips, or get some random sauce they didn't like and blame the restaurant.   Now for what to expect:  I never have/will order anything but a chicken wing from this place and I'd recommend you don't go here unless you want a chicken wing.  Also, it is more setup for a smaller lunch/dinner crowd and I imagine they get most of their business from take out orders.  Lastly, they cook the wings to order which take 15 minutes to prepare.  'Nuff said.Now I have 3 reasons I love this place.  First, their wings are cooked to perfection.  They are juicy and cooked just enough to have that perfect crispness one should except from a chicken wing.  I've never had them screw it up the many times I've been there.  Second, their fries are delicious.  They remind me of boardwalk fries which you don't get around here much and they put what I think is a salt/sugar seasoning on them which is excellent.  Last but not least is their sauces.  While oddly bright red their regular hot flavor is well done.  The garlic parm is simple and delicious.  And my favorite and the most unique is lemon pepper.  It is oddly tangy and I can't figure out how they do it.They aren't cheap but I think you get your money's worth.
2	The Wing stop I would not stop just keep driving... The wings were ok and I think a bit over priced for what you get some wings... I am sorry when your bill is almost $20 dollars for wings and fries it better rock. I would have enjoyed the fires but they were super salty this is one stop I will not make again.
4	Wingstop is my only stop for wings in the valley.  I like the lemon pepper wings, although they are a bit salty sometimes.  The sides aren't that great so I stick with only wing take out orders, done in about 15 minutes.  The fries are strangely dark brown and tend to taste like chicken.  The price is about $2 more than I would like to pay but I keep going back so price is not that big of a turn off.  Give the lemon pepper wings a try, you will love em.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! My boyfriend and I literally eat here at least once a week. It is amazing! We have tried wings at many different places and this place is by far our most favorite. If you go you have to order the french fries and the garlic parmesan wings. We always order our food to go and they say that it will be ready in 14 minutes (random number) and it's always ready by the time we get there. The people who work there are also very friendly and really helpful. We have never had any problems with our food or service and we will continue to go there.
4	I like wings.  I took the kids to eat here - 3 of the 4 - and my girlfriend.  We all ate for less than 30 bucks, with food to spare.3 flavors in the family pack was good.  4 wings for each of the kids, two separate flavors, and hot for us.The place is kind of small, so none of their tables seat more than 4.  That was ok though.  I have no complaints about this place.  When I want wings, this is one of the places I like to go to.
1	The wings....good. The customer service when things go wrong...bad! We all know that sometimes things go wrong but it's how a company resolves a bad situation that matters. For me customer service means more than how great the food is. First, they gave us the wrong food for a carry-out order so we were inconvenienced by having to return the wrong wings to pick up the wings we ordered. No compensation offered.Second, they charged my credit card three times. Two for the same about and one for under $2. No compensation offered for having to return again to clear up one of the charges.Third, the general manager Morgan doesn't return calls or show any care to make things right. The Chandler, AZ establishment needs to empower their employees so Moragan doesn't have to be bothered for wrongly charging a customer. Seriously, I paid $54.26 for 30 wings, fries, carrots and celery. The wings were no where near that great.From now on when I want wings, I will go to Native New Yorker. WingStop is not worth it....three visits and two went wrong with no compensation offered. Not even a free order of fries.
4	If you have not tried the Lemon Pepper wings and the fries here, you need to stop whatever it is you're doing and go to Wingstop NOW!!  A friend of mine always used to get them and the idea of lemon pepper just didn't appeal to me but one day I felt like something different so I decided to try them.  Once I did I was mad at myself that I hadn't done it sooner!  The wings are perfectly crispy, the balance of flavors between the lemon and the pepper is mouthwatering and the fries are some of the best I've ever had with a sort of sweet and savory seasoning on them that I can't figure out but I'm obsessed with.  The one thing I will say is that if you like your fries crispy you'll need to order them "well done."  If you don't they're still good but a little too soft for me personally.  I also love that they have Strawberry Fanta, it just tops off the perfect meal.
4	I like the wings.  The fries are ok too.  I just want more sauce choices.
1	My husband and I went to Wingstop for our first time tonight and boy do we regret it! The wings and fries were horrible and the sauce left a nasty taste on our mouths. We had higher hopes for this place and we are not going back again.
5	OMG!!!!! As an unofficial wing connoisseur, BWW was the front runner - not any more people.  I ordered via their app for take out - yes their app which is SUPER convenient and my order was waiting for me when I got there.  Their wings are Atkins friendly and most of their sauces too.  Thier wing prices are also less than BWW.  Mmm Hmm. So we ordered the 30 wing count with 3 different sauces, 2 orders of celery only, and 2 orders of blue cheese.  The sauces were really good - the cajun - buttery spicey goodness.  Totally cravable.  Their blue cheese dipping sauce, REAL blue cheese and NOT runny watery grossness.  Ya know, sometimes it's the little things that make me HAPPY.  They have many sizes of wings especially if you want to get some for a party.  They are also known for their yeast rolls which I've had pre-atkins and those are heavenly.  Wingstop is our new go to for wing cravings!!!
2	Two co-workers and I went here for lunch craving some wings. We were the only ones there the entire time. Thought that was a little weird being that it was around noon. My bill was $10+ for a 8 wing combo.  I got Hawaiian and BBQ. The Hawaiian tasted like pineapple, not good. I get that pineapple goes with Hawaii but not on chicken wings. One co-worker got the same thing and thought they weren't good as well. The other got hot and Louisiana rub. He said the rub tasted like crawfish. Fries were pretty good but super salty. I guess I see why nobody was there now.
5	I love wingstop. The wings are so good and crunchy. Just like they should be. Go light flavor with some on the side for max crunch.
2	Walked in and all three employees were in the back sitting on the food prep counters... Fries were not bad, but a little undercooked and the Louisiana rub had so much seasoning/salt I could blow it off every wing and it was just over powering! The teriyaki and BBQ sauces were both good but all the wings were over cooked. I will not go back here..... I'd rather pay a little more for Buffalo Wild Wings!
2	Im not sure what all the buzz is all about when it comes to this place. I've been here a few times now. The flavors are "ok", nothing special. I love my chicken wings, these just aren't all that great. Their okay if you just want to get by and get your wing fix.
5	Love Wingstop! I try to drop by here every time I am in the valley. Killer wings, killer frys, and if Rick Ross owns some of them you know the chicken is good!
3	Wingstop is a great place to get your wing fix and the prices are not bad at all. I usually order the Louisiana Rub and get the ranch side. It's deliciously spicy and always love a dry rub instead of the wet sauces.Only bummer is service is normally slow to get your wings but assume this is because they make it to order. Being close to work and decent in pricing makes this place a good place to check off if you're looking to quench your wings fix.
