4	Seriously, the best high-end department store in town. If you're in the market for name brand clothing, designer fragrances, a special event dress, etc. Try Nordstrom first.They have the best customer serve -- they actually still believe in the old adage, "The customer is always right." They'll take anything back, even without a reciept, often offering a refund, or they will exchange it for a new item.Much better than being treated like a criminal when you try to return something at some valley stores...
4	Strange that I am writing a review on Nordstrom.  My mother and my sister both work at a Nordstrom (Mom is pacesetter at the one in Troy, MI and my sister is the manager of men's sportswear at the Novi, MI location) so I am extremely familiar with how Nordstrom's customer's service is supposed to be.  While my experience yesterday was mostly positive, there was one gripe that I have that I will tell about a little later.So, I decided that I had to do a little makeover yesterday.  I was going out with girlfriends that night, and since I have been a little negative lately, I thought that buying a new outfit, makeup, and shoes would do the trick.  So, first I went to the MAC counter to see if I could book a makeover session...they took me right away which shocked the crap out of me.  The girl asked me what I wanted, and I just said (yes I did) I want to look friggin hot.  With only that information in mind, Patty did the most amazing job that anybody ever did on my face.  I literally felt better already.  (and yes, I bought the colors that she applied...)Then, here comes my negative experience.  Now, I know that I do not look like the typical Nordstrom shopper, but I am not a raggy looking person either.  I went to the TBD dept looking for something that I knew that I would never wear normally.  There were about 5 girls working, just gossipping with each other, not paying me any mind.  At first I wasn't annoyed.  But when they would help others, that is when I became a little frusturated.  Then, which my two pairs of jeans and 4 shirts that I was holding felt a little heavy, I tried to get a girl's attention, only to be ignored.  I was amazed.  I even dropped a shirt (maybe on purpose) and I got nothing.  I had this one tall blonde staring at me but never came over.  Then some young girl walked in the dept. and she ran over to help her.  Maybe I was being a little irrational, but this is not the customer service that I ever experienced at a Nordstrom.  I finally went up to a girl and said as much and couldn't believe the experience I was having.  She was standing there in a state of shock, and I began to felt bad.  In the end, Crystal did a great job with helping me, and even picked out a couple of shirts that I would have never thought of buying before.  So, Nordstrom at Chandler Fashion Square was redeemed, though I personally like the one at Scottsdale a whole lot better.  I know that Nordstrom is now going with the smaller, two stories look for most of their stores now (the new one they are building in N Scottsdale will be like the one in Chandler) but I love the variety at Scottsdale a whole lot better.  And a shout out to Thea at Scottsdale, who literally does the best personal shopping ever over there.
4	I really like this store.  The customer service is great.  I wish it weren't so expensive but I guess you get what you pay for.
2	In all honesty, I LOVE NORDYS! And I do LOVE MAC. But,.....................over the weekend, on sat. evening I decided to trade in some of my 20 plus back to macs. When I arrived at the counter, It was very busy as always :) They really need a stand lone, MAC store in this mall. So a girl walks up and asks if I need help. I say yes, I have some back to MACs that I would like to recycle and I would like to look at blush and lip gloss as well. I had a list of colors I wanted to try. She helped line up all the colors for me. I asked if I could try them on and she cleaned them for me and told me they were good to try now. I must say, I have NEVER had a MAC girl not offer to put it on for me, NEVER. Then as I was doing it myself, a "friend" of hers is across the way and she was asking them, are you in a hurry, blah blah blah, and I could see her facial expressions in the close by mirror. She was NOT your nomral MAC girl. She was horrible, very bad customer service. I love MAC products, I have tons of it. I never leave a MAC counter without something new, its too irresistible and I think for department store make up the prices are very reasonable. But yesterday, I did leave empty handed ad I didnt even trade in my recycles. So thumbs down to MAC this weekend. Too bad for them, I will not be back to the MAC counter for a long while. So in all honesty, I must say NORDYS overall is a 5 and MAC usually is too but NOT today! :( Very disappointed bc I was well prepared for what I was looking to recyycle and purchase. Thumbs down!
4	Nordstroms is number one when it comes to customer service!When you inquire for a certain product, they will not only tell you where to go. They will lead you right to it!Got a good deal today on a Jessica McClintock mini purse. Half off baby!
3	There wasn't really anyone around to help when we went into the store the other day. The men's section is not as extensive as other stores and they did not really have what we were looking for. Some of the staff is not really as friendly as they should be, I mean come on people, do you want to make some money or not? After doing my time in retail, you recognize bad customer service automatically.
2	How do you have a bad experience at a Nordy's? I thought that this was impossible. Let me preface this by saying that it wasn't really the Nordy's that bothered me so much but the MAC counter at Nordy's. I'll just sum it up in three sentences:One....Absolutely could not keep their scheduling on point and caused my friend and I to be late to a wedding. Two....Rude and oblivious associates that would rather have you wait because they couldn't possibly take more than two appointments an hour even though they had a total of count them with me....eight people just standing around doing NOTHING. Three....Its quite apparent they have no appreciation or respect for their customers as I saw them make snide faces at their customers and rudely gossip about customers once they left. Awful and Absurd. Get a new set of associates for this location. I'm SOOO glad this is NOT my Nordy's. I'll never come to this location ever again.
4	I worked at this Nords for the better part of a year, so I speak with both the perspective of a former employee AND a consumer.Chandler Norstrom is a great place full of great people who are eager to go above and beyond for the customers. I have never had anything less than stellar shopping experience here. The people who weren't top notch tended to weed themselves out pretty quickly.Aside from cosmetics (where I spent most of my time), everyone I shopped with upstairs and in shoes or handbags was equally as great. My only reason for docking a star is that this Nordstrom is not an "old school" Nordstrom... There is something to be said about the class and prestige that comes with running a location in the "Nordstrom way" which I felt this location often lacked.Pro tip- try the mocha banana ice storm at the cafe... It'll change your life.
4	The service is always great here.  The employees in the men department and the shoe department definetly go beyond what you would expect at a department store.  Never had a bad experience, not much else to review about them. The store is always clean, and racks are kept up nice.
4	Nordstrom is always good. I was a little disappointed when they stopped carrying Puma though.
4	I think that the prices at Nordstrom are a little high but the really do have great sales.  I was just there yesterday and got two outfits at half their original price.  The selection at the women's shoe department is fantastic.  They have all the good brands and there is always stuff on sale.  Plus, this is the only dept store I know of that carries Tom's.Of course the best thing about Nordstrom's as the other reviewers have mentioned is the service.  I can't think of any other department store where you walk in and someone actually offers to help you right away.  So, even though I may be paying a little more it is totally worth it if I am looking for something specific since it will save so much time, effort, and stress to have them help me find exactly what I need instead of wandering around on my own getting frustrated like I do at other stores.I agree that this particular location is not nearly as nice as the one at Scottsdale Fashion Square.  But come on, its Chandler.
1	Went in on 12/23 to shop for foundation from Clinique - was high jacked by Smashbox - spent 224.13 sadly while processing it the system showed it failed so they ran it again as a credit card - ultimately charging me twices for the same purchase. Nordstroms denied processing it twice yet - there it was...my bank finally removed the charge only to have Nordstroms push the charge through 5 days later - AGAIN. I knew this had to be an issue so took it to another level the regional manager - what a waste of time - she can not call me back and sends the Manager at Nordstroms who denied all of this call me instead. Now I finally get a call back to inform me that this happened to SEVERAL people and now I am facing 5 NSF fees from my bank - because of them and they want me to give them ANOTHER 5 days to process this...
1	This review is for the MAC Cosmetics counter in Nordstrom. Wow, let me start off by saying what a bunch of rude hookers. I came here thinking I was going to be in and out within a few mins considering I knew exactly what I wanted.. but instead, found myself standing by the register without even being acknowledged for about 15-20 mins (I KID YOU NOT!!!). Like really? I've worked in retail before and I am sorry but that is NOT acceptable customer service. These bitches were walking past by me as if I didn't exist. I finally went up to one of them who was chit chatting w/a customer and was like "um excuse me, but can I get some service please?" How sad is that? Do your freaken job beetches!!! I wanted to slap all of that cakey ass make-up off of each and everyone of them. UGHHHHH I'm getting heated just thinking about it.I really wanted to just leave and take my service elsewhere but the second nearest MAC was all the way in Scottsdale and I really didn't feel like driving there during rush hour just to grab one item. What a damper to my shopping day *hmph.
5	I went to Nordstrom about three weeks ago looking for a new pair of sunglasses to replace a pair I purchased a year ago in Seattle. Unfortunately, the original pair of Marc Jacobs glasses that I purchased had a slight gap in the frame, so they'd catch my hair when I'd take them on and off. Courtney S. in the eye ware department was AMAZING! We picked out glasses, I did a little birthday shopping for friends and, as I was checking out I showed the glasses from Seattle to her. Seeing the defect, she insisted that Nordstrom replace the glasses and spent time researching my year-old purchase and let me pick out a second pair of glasses to replace the old ones. High-five to Nordstrom for hiring such an awesome Accessories representative - I've been back to buy since then and have no shame spending (a lot) at the store!
3	Like many of my fellow Yelpers, I too take issue with the ladies at the MAC counter, but not necessarily Nordstrom's as the "store."  After using my pressed powder compact to the point of "crumbs," I prepared for battle and a trip to the mall.  But, before leaving home, I checked my email for sales and specials.  What I discovered is the best thing ever!  Yes, this is drum roll worthy - so start tapping!  Nordstrom's offers FREE shipping & FREE returns!  Every item on the website regardless of price can be shipped to your door for (in case you didn't get it the first time) FREE!  Needless to say I put down the sword, took off my armor, and ordered my compact online.  I am now "crumb-free!"
5	I loved the service at the Mac counter. The girl that helped me I didn't catch her name. Damn. She helped me get the look I was going for and made my eye brows look amazing. All the girls working there were nice and easy to talk to. One of the better mac places to shop at so far my favorite service wise. They were out of my eye brow pencil that I came in looking for but I got to get everything I needed for my eyes and the tips I needed to make it look amazing when I get home.
5	The service level of Nordstrom's never ceases to amaze me. On a recent visit to ladies clothes I found a really cute dress that I didn't notice until I got home had a flaw in it- brought it back...the Assistant Manager, Alex Bixler was nothing short of amazing.  She called 7 different stores while I waited to find one that was not flawed.  I would highly recommend this person to assist anyone looking for clothes.  I heard her helping others too.  She is professional, knows the lines and is honest.  I will be making sure I shop when she works and would recommend her for anyone looking for someone to assist them to ask for Alex.
5	This is a very nice store. I have to say a bit more helpful than the one in Scottsdale.This location knows what Nordstrom is known for. Great Customer Service.This is a few days after Christmas now and there is still major mall activity.More I think than before Christmas.But, Nordstrom is still nice, still easy to be there and to deal with.I had to return a pair of shoes I had gotten for Christmas. Why?Because, I just did not like them. Nordstrom is great with returns as well. They took them back , credited the account and I was on my way.Plus they are the nicest decorated store in the mall.
5	This is one of the friendliest, most helpful stores around. I always feel like I am getting great help without high pressure sales. I even had a sales person tell me that they liked the shoes I already had better with the dress than the ones I was thinking about buying. The store is so well organized, clean, and a pleasure to look at everything. The cosmetics department has all the brands and great salespeople. Returns are always really simple.
1	I love nordstrom, but not this one. Customer service is absolutely horrible!! Employees are rude and completely unhelpful.
4	This review is for the MAC counter. I have always had an exceptionally positive and enjoyable experience shopping there for make-up. I try to go on weekdays since it gets crazy busy during the weekends. There is one girl in particular who I really like, unfortunately I don't know her name. She always finds me the perfect shades and doesn't try to up sell me on thing I don't need. I have had negative experiences with other MAC counters where they feel real judgmental but I haven't experienced that here. I have only had to wait for assistance if I go on the weekend but I don't blame them, there are 15 girls needing help with a fraction of employees. So that's why I go on weekdays and avoid that problem all together. I think MAC is revamping their customer service since the last few times I've been there they ask me to do some customer service survey online or something and the service has been great for the last year.I would give them a full 5 stars but there are a few things I don't like. 1st and most importantly their LIGHTING SUCKS! Maybe a marketing scheme of some sort? Second, I was asking to see an eyeshadow and the man puts his finger right in it implying that I didn't need him, I could've just shoved my fingers right in there too. He made me feel bad for asking and I thought that was kinda gross. The last thing I didn't like was a woman was helping and didn't feel like she was nailing the colors I was describing like the lady I like. She kept trying to up sell me on everything. I gave her a list of what I needed and the colors of things I was browsing. I could tell when I was picking out brushes she wasn't helping me find a brush for my desired look but recommending the most expensive brushes. Even with these negative experiences the girls/guy are pretty nice. All in all I love MAC makeup, it's pretty much all I wear except my foundation primer. I will be in love with MAC forever! As soon as I get that girl's name I like I'll update this review with it so you can ask for her.
4	This place is a little rich for my blood but sometimes you find yourself here. Always clean & the staff is always friendly-not what you would expect from a hoity-toity establishment. So far I've spoke with the eployees in the men's department & the Channel department & my experiences have been great, especially because I don't show up in my Snottsdale best to go shopping so to have a high class establishment eager to assist you makes me feel like spending a little chedda here.
1	Customer service at the MAC. Not good.If you want to be unnoticed for 20 mins or beg for service you'd love the Mac section here.If not, Scottsdale would be worth the long trip!
1	I wish I could give this store -5 stars. The worst people work here. I have been a loyal shopper with Nordstrom for 10 plus years and have never been treated so badly. Rude customer service. I'm pretty sure they have hired the rejects from JcPennys.I have sent letters and emails to corporate and have not heard back from them. I guess this is the new norm for the way they want their customers treated. They not only have lost me, but also my parents and my fiance from EVER shopping with them again! We will be taking our money to stores who know how to treat their customers. I can't stress enough how badly their customer service has gotten. And I don't care how badly a "day" you maybe having, when people are in there spending a lot of money you need to leave the attitude at the door you walked through when you got to work this morning, missy.Good luck Nordstrom, you have 4 less people right now & more by time I get done telling friends and family about the way I was treated!!!!
4	You can never go wrong with Nordstrom.  It is a staple shop where I get shoes, makeup, clothing and coffee.  I always know what to expect from the store, the employees and the quality of the products.  This store is a smaller Arizona store and doesn't have quite the selection as the Scottsdale location.  I would like to see this store expand it's selection of shoes, handbags and other women's clothing.  I think that this store needs a little more luxury to reach the 5 star marking.
3	YSL Counter at Nordstroms.I have shopped at Nordstroms my entire life, and I've never had this much hassle before. I had three products from YSL that my mom bought for me that just didn't suit, so I brought them back for an exchange. The poor saleslady had to keep going back and forth between me and her manager because, even though the products were bought at Nordstrom, I didn't have the receipt. It was so much hassle the saleslady and myself, just for an exchange. In the end, they exchanged it. The saleslady herself was super friendly and introduced me to new products and helped me try on a bajillion different red lipsticks. She even gave me samples of products she thought suited my skin. But seriously, Chandler Nordstrom, all that back and forth for an exchange?
5	Everyone was very pleasant today.  I love shopping here they really take care of you.  I broke my bottle of of Chanel Coco Mademoiselle and they actually replaced it for me.  Amazing!  I started a page on facebook about it https://www.facebook.com/BestChanelPerfume "Like" us!
5	Okay I wanted to get my wife the New Michele watch Band that is stainless steel and white ceramic for Mother's Day, so I called Scottsdale and was told it is out of stock but maybe Chandler would have it or they can order me one. So I called Chandler and Spoke with Paige at the Chandler store, I told her what I was looking for, she put me on hold to check her inventory and got back with me and said they were out of stock. However, the conversation did not end there, she inquired if it was for Mother's day and I replied, yes.She says they can order one and it would be there Monday, not bad a lot more helpful than Scottsdale. However, Paige went a step further and took my name and number and said she was going to call me back when she can locate one.Thirty minutes later Paige calls back and says that she found one and she is having it sent over night to my address and I should have it before tomorrow, 2 days before Mother's day.Now that is what I call customer service, Paige you are a rock star!
5	This review is for the MAC makeup counter.It was about two weeks before my wedding, and I'd had a bad experience with the trial session with my makeup artist.  I got ahold of someone on the phone at MAC and told her my problem.  She not only offered to get me in ASAP for a new trial (at my request), but she tentatively reserved my whole bridal party for the morning of the wedding day.  I showed up for my trial, and Gabi took a few moments to get to know my usual makeup routine and likes/dislikes.  She was tatted up but stylish-exactly as I picture a "hip" makeup artist- and super bubbly and excited.  It was such a contrast to my previous makeup artist that I felt so much more confident in her ability.  She proved me right with every decision... she gently urged me out of my comfort zones on the areas she felt would benefit, and respected my wishes and desire to lean toward the subtle overall.  I was sold when she drew on my eyeliner... a perfect, straight, unwavering, even line.  The result was amazing.  I looked like myself, not like I was painted, but just a glowing, blemish-free, accented version.  I purchased the eyelashes that were on my face and confirmed appointments for the wedding day.Most of my bridal party got their makeup done here, and though I wasn't present for most of them, they all looked beautiful.  Same thing - they looked like themselves, but picture ready!  Gabi did a great job remembering what she had done before, and my makeup turned out just as it did at the trial.  Our appointments were between 11am and 1pm, and the wedding started at 4.  We didn't leave until midnight and the makeup held up the entire 12 hours.  No smudging, no wearing off, not even the eyelashes fell off (they did get loose when a toddler grabbed on, but it wasn't a loss)!  And it photographed so well.  All my pictures are awesome.  I'm a super happy camper, and can't be happier that I cancelled my original choice and went with my gut.
5	This review is for the MAC makeup area in Nordstroms. Everyone needs to go see the lovely Whitney at MAC. She is a fabulous and friendly young lady who makes shoppinh for the right color so easy. She matched my skin color and tried out several different colors to find the right one. She was getting ready to leave for the night but still spent a ton of time with me showing me everything I asked for. I will be back here just for Whitney and for all my mac makeup :) Thanks Whitney!!
2	My girlfriend got a dress from said location, and while wearing it I noticed that ALL of the strap thingies are twisted 180 degrees. I am not sure if it is a manufacturer error or the designer was on crack or cocaine, or both but I'd sure like to figure it out. Although she looks pretty darn good in the dress, the straps really grind my gears!
4	One of our fave places for kidswearNordstrom has one of the best selections for kids clothes and shoes. They have the great breadth of fashions, the service is usually excellent, and we find the brands my wife and I like-- Tom's, Tucker + Tate, Tea, Splendid, Stride Rite, et al.Often fine some neat things on sale, too-- a superb way to exceed our budget in a fun way.Now, if only this skinny jeans fad would pass...
1	You may think that because is nordstrom at Chandler  mall you will get better service? Let me tell you that no you won't. I'm here at the Mac store and I been here playing with the foundations and no one has come to help me. Finally after 15 min a girl with her blue eye liner with no name tag on and Hispanic look came and ask me do you need something. I said yes I need help to find my right color and at the same time she was talking to her coworkers that she wanted to go to brake. So I said oh I got this with go take your brake and she left hahaha oh and  the other 2 didn't came to help me  I saw a different girl tall with dark hair and ask her for help since she just finished with a lady but she said oh yes hold on and she let and ask the other two shorties to came and help me
1	I came tonight with my boyfriend to get fitted for a suit and received the MOST TERRIBLE service. I've come a million times and  leave happy, but that was not the case tonight. The employee asked if we needed help, we said we wanted to check out some of the suits, the employee goes on to ask if we were going to buy, and we explained maybe if we found one that we loved. He then goes on to say that if we weren't going to buy then there was basically no sense in helping us. Very short and rude. I would try another Nordstrom if looking for menswear.
1	This is for the women's shoes department:I can get pretty snotty with customer service sometimes since I worked both as a server and in customer service for many years.  Believe me, I understand what it means to hate your job, but when you work for a store like Nordstroms I'd assume you put on a happy face anyways and suck it up.  Coming from Chicago, I've never had an unpleasant experience at a Nordstroms.  When you are paying 2x as much for many of the same items you can get elsewhere, I figure you're mostly paying for the customer service and atmosphere.  I generally only go to Nordstroms for items I can't easily get at other stores.I walked into this one for the first time the day after Christmas.  Granted, it was a couple of hours before close and I'm sure all the employees had had enough of holiday shoppers.  I went in specifically looking to try on some Toms, and was planning on buying them.  Granted this was not a huge purchase, but I'm still a customer in your store spending my money when I could just as easily have shopped online.  After ignoring me for 10 minutes and having to stand next to who I assumed was an employee holding a shoe in my hands, the late 20 somethings girl with dark hair and an "I'm too good to work here" attitude asked me if I needed something.  I asked her to check if she had a size 11, and she did a double take and looked appalled and said "What? 11? Ummmm, let me check."  Yes, I know I have large feet and already have a hard enough time finding shoes as it is, but this is the first person in the 15 years I've been dealing with this problem to look disgusted when I ask for a shoe.  After wandering around and talking to other customers for a while, she finally returns with a box in her hand.  "Did you know that for every pair of shoes they sell, they like give a pair to a poor kid somewhere?"  What??  Is that your sales pitch?  Of course she had a "holier than thou" attitude when she said it.  And then to top it off when I bent over to try on the shoe she literally tossed the box on the ground and the other shoe towards my head and walked away.  I was absolutely fuming at this point, and about lost it at her.  I understand being unattentive because you are over working in retail over the holidays, but throwing merchandise at a customer's head is inexcusable.  Then she walked away, and spent a while with an older woman looking at a pair of $200 boots.  Eventually she walked to the counter and got on the phone, never even glancing in my direction.  I was able to get on the Toms website on my phone and purchase the shoes online before putting the shoes back in the box and leaving.  It wasn't until I walked by her that she asked if I was doing OK.  I probably could have walked out of the store with the shoes on my feet and she wouldn't have noticed.  They may have only missed out on a $50 shoe purchase that night, but they have lost a customer for life.  I will take the hike to Scottsdale in the future.
2	While we were circling Chandler Fashion, my husband called the Men's shoe department to see if they had a shoe in his size (Chuck Taylor's, size 14, black or grey).  The associate who took the call wouldn't even go check to see if they had the shoe in stock.  Instead, he immediately stated they didn't have any Chuck Taylor's in size 14.  So, I was frustrated, since we had bought many size 14 pairs from this Nordstrom in a selection of brands.  We felt they probably had the shoe and just were too lazy to check or weren't concerned by the little amount of commission they'd make on the $50 pair of shoes.  So minutes after the call, I went into the store, asked the men's shoe associate (Daniel B.) if they had any converse shoes in 14.  He asked what color, and I told him any color would do.  He went to go check, and brought out 2 pairs (black and white).  What do you know!  Look what a little effort can do!  I bought the black pair.  I left the store and called the store manager (Deb) to explain our less than stellar service.  She said all she could do was apologize for the bad experience.  I made a suggestion; she should discuss customer service with Daniel (or the gentleman) that answered our call.  All to say... if you are desperate for a pair of shoes, don't expect good service from this Nordstrom - go elsewhere!
