3	From what I can gather, Ragamuffin is a a fashion store aimed at middle aged women who want to be a bit trendy, or at least  would have been in 1992 or thereabouts. Most of the stuff in here wouldn't look out of place in an old Enya video.Granted, I know nothing about woman's fashions, but I haven't seen people in clothes like this since I was literally three feet tall. It's all very earth mother, but at least it's a break from the endless stream of tartan tat sellers.
3	Like Gavin, I got the impression Ragamuffin was left behind by the 1990s. I distinctly remember the stereotype portrayed in British comedies of feminist, Pagan improv poets doing small gigs in hippy bars wearing stuff like this. That's not meant to be offensive, but the tie dyed, long skirts and massive knitted jumpers take me back to that era.I think most of the garments here are made in Skye, and their cosy functionality would be fitting of the brisk weather you often get up north. It looks durable and is locally sourced, and although I wouldn't wear stuff like this there is still a market for people who do. If you're looking for something that will keep you warm and last longer than most of the other flimsy high street offerings, you can't beat Ragamuffin's high quality knits. Some may mock their style but no one would turn down these jumpers when out camping or at a festival. They are the kind of garments you could huddle yourself in, a bit like swaddling clothing, to try and keep the bitter winds aff yer back.
3	There are a couple of words that sum up Ragamuffin's style perfectly.The first one is Pagan.The second one is Glastonbury.We're talking long, floaty dresses and shirts, baggy dungarees, striped trouser, sixties jumpers and chenille scarves. Some of them are in bright colours, some in gaudy, darker colours like rust and burgandy. The over-all impression however, is free spirited, hippy wear for new and old hippies.
2	Hmm... When I popped into Ragamuffin the other day it really wasn't what I was expecting. I thought it was a shop for older ladies who were looking for sensible, no fuss garments similar to M & Co. or Peru Una. It goes completely in the other direction and half of the clothes here look like they've already been worn, a lot of times.If your look is similar to Nanny McPhee's or if you live in a croft in the Highlands then perhaps this kind of get up will look good. But for city life, it's not very practical and the dragging ripped style skirts and dresses don't look very comfortable either.I've never seen anyone wearing this kind of get up in Edinburgh. To be honest, if I saw a woman dressed wearing the clothes from here I'd probably assume they were homeless or maybe auditioning for a stint in Oliver Twist.Amazingly, it's not cheap to look this bad so I'd recommend just running about in your old togs instead.
5	I love this place so much. I was in Edinburgh on business and when I had a day off I went around the town to explore a bit and stumbled upon this place. Not being super into wool and hand made items at the time, I bought one wool headband and brought it home (living in Seattle, you get COLD all the time). I grew to love this headband so much, that I now order headbands all the time from this place and have them shipped to Seattle. I cannot find yarn like the yarn at Ragamuffin ANYWHERE! It is so unique and thick, I would buy hundreds of headbands from this place if I could. Truly, they are so unique, I cannot do them justice in an explanation.I always tell people who are going to EDI for business to check this place out, and I will definitely continue ordering from this place as long as they let me. :)
