1	Worst cable company on earth. Not only are the rates ridiculous they made me drive in to get a cable box to replace the faulty box I had.. But the "new" box they gave me also didn't work. Their service is a joke. We need more options for cable providers.
1	Cable companies have been doing installations for...what....30 years now?  You'd think they'd have the process down fairly well.  Unfortunately, you'd be wrong.  They still fail to call you, fail to show up on time, fail to do anything they say they're going to do.  I've now wasted two full days based on empty promises from their installation people and I STILL have no idea when I'm actually going to get internet service.  And, because they're a monopoly, I have no choice but to just sit here and take it.  (which probably speaks to why they haven't bothered to improve their installation process at all in the last 30 years)
1	COX STOLE MY PROPERTY! DO NOT LET THEM IN YOUR HOUSE! I ordered internet service and the tech inadvertently took my router. I don't believe it was intentional. What I am upset about is the way COX handled it. I called 4x and spent more than 2 hours on the phone just trying to get my property back. Each time they say they will return it or replace it and 27 days later and numerous calls and hours on the phone they have done nothing. I don't have an hour to waste every time I have t call them. I tried to be nice and that got me no where. the 4rth time I called I told them I was done being nice, return my property or I was reporting them to BBB and Police. The only reason I didn't file a police report is because the install tech was great. I don't think he did it on purpose he just took mine with his. The way cix handles the problem is horrid. How do these people have jobs treating there customers this way?
1	Awful cable and internet service. Internet would go out once a week and then they wanted to charge me for a technician to come out. I switched to century link internet and it has been amazing. I kept cox cable and got the contour upgrade. Half the time I have to unplug then replug in the cable box and it still doesn't work. Cable companies are a monopoly and I would switch to dish or direct tv if my complex allowed me to have a satellite dish on my balcony , wish I could give cox negative stars. Hopefully they get bought out or they go out of business.
1	Wouldn't even rate them one star. Worst customer service ever. Plus they tell you one thing and when that doesn't happen and you call back they tell you something completely opposite. Happened to me three times. Do NOT use Cox!
