3	Ehh.  Average food.  Fun tropical atmosphere, however.
2	The food was adequate, as were the drinks.  It's location in the middle of a clothing store does not endear it to me either.  And to top it off, very pricey for what it was....
3	Great upscale casual atmosphere. The food is pretty good but the coconut shrimp appetizer steals the menu. The menu is a little on the pricey side. I highly recommend making a reservation unless you want to wait a while a have a mai tai downstairs. Women please take the elevator if you are wearing high heels and or drinking a bit. I have seen many women trip while climbing the stairs to the upstairs dining area. If you are looking for a change of pace, this is a good choice but plan on allocating at least $120 per couple (with tip).
3	The atmosphere here is comfortable and the food is pretty good.  We went for lunch one day.  My Sister had the tuna salad which was excellent.  The downsides?  The service was pretty bad, and the menu is totally overpriced.  When you pay $20 for a salad, the service better be exceptional.  And it was not.  I probably would not go back.
4	We met friends af the end of the mid-week lunch crowd on the 2nd level patio on a warm sunny day.  This our first visit and  had the special of the day "fish tacos" while the other couple had the fish sandwich.  The "fish tacos" are apparently not always available but we found them to be excellent.  We had great service including the manager checking periodically and bringing new drinks as opposed to re-fills.
3	It was a cold, rainy day. My former roomie and I entered TB's store. Now stop right here! I do not shop at TBs. I'm trying to get to the restaurant. The store? Pahhhleeeze....it looks like the changing room for a bunch of Magnum P.I.'s extras. When I see, the older, white, Scottsdale men, wearing these hideous shirts, tucked into their pleated khaki shorts and their tassled loafers, I seriously want cover them in burlap and throw them into a van. That said, I had a delicious sea bass preceded by perfect crab cakes. We downed a bottle of Pinot Noir and waited for the storm to pass. And waited. And waited. The dining room has windows on three sides and we felt as though we were witnessing a true Bahaman hurricane. ALthough service was great and the food was good, all in all, too overpriced for what you got. But the next time it monsoons, I'm gonna rally up the gang and head to TB's for some mai tais and to make fun of the Tom Selleck wanna be's!
5	Only came here for after dinner tropical drinks and dessertFound the ambience to be nice, and we sat on the upstairs patio and were able to enjoy the beautiful weatherTo drink I had a key west colada.  It was awesome.  Truly awesome.The rest of the people in my party enjoyed various mojitos from the drink menu, and no one was disappointed.We eventually ordered the Butterscotch dessert, and while it was only 1 dessert, it served all six people in my party.The dessert was HUGEand very richVery good though.  It was sugarcane and whiskey all whipped together with creme and then topped with chocolate ganache and caramel sauce....MMMMM.......So yeah, we had fun!  I would recommend, if only for after dinner drinks and dessert.
5	I have dined here a few times I think initially the delicious Sangria draws me back each time.  Then once I am there I remember how wonderful the food is.  First of all - save room for dessert.  The pina colada cake is out of this world - its is $10 a slice and worth each and every penny - wow.  The last time I was here I had the NY strip - perfectly cooked.  The bread is very good with sweet butter.  The service was great we sat at a long table in the bar area.  Our server was very busy but stayed on top of things.
5	I came here tonight to meet a friend for a drink.  We haven't seen each other in awhile, and I have to say that this place was a great place to meet somebody and just talk.  Of course we ended up getting an appetizer (the quesadilla...which we asked for without goat cheese.  I never had asparagus in my quesadilla before, but I have to say that it was really good!) and we got iced tea to drink.  If there was something that impressed me was how many times the waiter came by to refill our drinks...without ASKING!  I never knew they did that anymore....I loved the atmosphere of this place.  The staff was very friendly.  What I really liked was that I didn't feel like I was sitting on top of anybody.  Everything was laid out nicely and spaciously.  The only thing that was negative was the prices...they were a little outrageous.  But I never really complain if I get great food and great service.
4	I absolutely love this place. From the minute you walk in, you smell the aroma of the candles...which is like being on a tropical vacation. The fun drinks are sooo good. You feel like you're at the beach! I usually order off the lunch menu, even if I'm there for dinner. The atmosphere is awesome, and it's great to take a stroll around Kierland afterwards. I have never been disappointed here. Make sure you get a good seat...either on the patio or facing outside.
1	I cant believe what I'm reading? People like this place?The first time I went it was a part there for my girlfriends work. They had layed out a huge assortment of food. Each piece I ate it got worse and worse, it was weird. For some reason I thought , well it could be because it is made in huge quantity. Almost anywhere has sucky food when catered. We a few weeks later decided to go there since it was 20 ft from my girlfriends work and after picking her up we were too hungry to wait. BIG MISTAKE. We got ignored for about 20 Min's, then when I asked some questions on the food or recommends. She looked at me like I told her her mom was fat. She acted soo insulted for no reason it was weird.Aside from the bizarre waitress who didn't get our food out till our bodies ate our own stomachs(35 mins extra totaling 55 min wait)The food finally got there and it was soo gross I actually had to send it back.I was too scared to reorder for fear it would be tampered with andI would have to wait longer and it would be just as bad. i had to argue with her for 5 mins saying I just want it off the bill, im sure its normally good but its inedible. Dont worry ill tip you as if I got it still. Jeez, real professional. My girlfriends food was equally as bad and she was too scared to tell the waitress after my ordeal. I told her Ill do it. It shouldn't be this hard I told her we just cant eat any of this and told her this is for you and put a 5 on the table and left. I should have said this is for you and spit on the table rubbed the 5 on it and left.  PS, your outfits are gay
4	My sister and I went here not thinking much of it since it is a clothing store first. But we liked the look of the place so why not. We did not have to wait to be seated and were greeted by the waitress right away. I think we were the last table available at the time. Our drinks were brought about three minutes after we ordered and our lunch was in about ten more minutes. We both had soup and a sandwich. Neither was stellar but good enough to think, hey this is not bad. I would go back and give it another try. So our food was good, the service was good and a nice place to sit.
4	Aside from the 'chain restaurant' feel to Tommy's, I must say that the food served was pretty good....the Sea Bass was described as 'Long Line Caught...' I guess it sounds better than just plain line caught SeaBass???  More time for the bass to say goodbye to his sea friends or less diesel fuel tastes....Anyway, it was excellent in all aspects...served perfectly on a generous plop of mash potatoes with perfectly cooked asparagus inserted into the mash bed with a nice chunk of SB.  Several other in our group of 40+ ordered the same and all raved about it.  Desserts trio was also good and the service made up for the over commercialization of shirts, shorts and appetizers.  Live steel drum/singer dude throughout the evening made us feel a little tropical.It's within walking distance from the Westin Kierland Resort if it's not 105 dry heat!  Shuttle service is offered of course.
5	Mmmm...!!! Loved the location, loved the staff, loved the tropical feel and nice big comfy booths to sit and relax in whilst chowing down amazingly good eats, and talk about good eats! Oh, there are great things to be had here at Tommy's. For starters, their World Famous Coconut Shrimp! YUM!! And their Loki-Loki Tuna Poke is stunning -- what a fabulous presentation! They have a wonderful Sea Bass with an incredibly tasty olive and walnut sauce drizzled over it -- so delish, and the Garlic Smashed Potatoes (OMG), even my 13 year old picky as picky about food in general son ate these like they were going out of style, no questions ask. But the ribs, oh my goodness, the ribs. (shaking my head out of delirium) are perfect and made with a blackberry brandy barbecue sauce. TO DIE FOR. The meat was so tender and literally falling off the bones. You must try the ribs. But don't walk away without having had dessert -- just buck up and find room for it because they have this brownie concoction with coconut that is just sick (I mean sick in a good way, of course), and it is covered with chocolate and caramel sauces, topped with vanilla ice cream. Holy Moly... You know, they have a Tommy's in Maui too, we ate there while on vacation a few times because it's so good and because it's much cheaper than hotel food, and come on, way better in taste! So, if you're ever in Maui, check out the Tommy's there.For a chain restaurant, they really don't come better than this.
2	was in town for business and came with a group of people because it was across from the Ocean Club, where we like to hang after a day of meetings.  what a mistake.I ordered a cup of tortilla soup, which was OK, and the Island Cowboy, which was the center filet cut.  The steak looked the part but upon my first bite, I realized all it was missing was a Wilson's Leather price tag as this was the worst steak I've ever had.I ordered a medium rare and I get a well done steak.  wtf?  how do you make that mistake?  who eats filet well done?I gotta say that the cocktails are made pretty stiff.  I guess the guests need to be inebriated quite a bit to buy a lame ass shirt for $100....
2	Whoever decorated this place did a great job!  You walk in and feel like you're on vacation.  Sadly, I've had a few bad experiences with the staff.  The worst of it is that the waitress just forgets to come back.  It always takes a while from start to finish (compared to other restaurants).  I hate to say it, but everything is over-priced as well.  You can get the same quality of food and drink (and better service for that matter) at almost any of the other restaurants in Kierland.  All 4 times I've eaten there, I've walked away still hungry and wondering why I paid so much.
4	The most delicious soup I've ever eaten, period.  Tommy Bahama Crab Bisque.  Imagine a stick of butter with crab flavor and a delightful crostini--there it is, the Tommy Bahama Crab Bisque.  So rich, so buttery, so wonderful.  If you like how it sound so far, go get it.Sometimes you order iced tea at a place and it's all cloudy and gross?  not here.  The iced tea is brewed to such perfection that you can actually see through the glass.They have a steak salad that is really good and their food is tasty, all around.  But I will tell you that for what it is, it's pricy as hell and to be totally honest the food quality is not commensurate with the price tag.  But it is still worth going, at least once, because it is a great location and they have the best soup known to man.
4	Yum! My future in-laws treated me to dinner here tonight. I had shrimp and scallops with rice in a coconutty sauce and it was awesome! Correction: Jumbo-sized scallops and large shrimp. I inhaled my food and enjoyed mine so much I didn't notice what anyone else had! Great-tasting food and excellent service... i docked one star because the dishes, while delicious, were a little pricey.
4	Friendly service, tasty food, relaxing ambiance.  Great wine list--try the 14 Hands Cab.
3	Best mojitos by far. Like, ever. I love the whole Tommy Bahama thing anyways (food, furniture, clothes, decor, etc). I always feel like I am on vacation there. The drinks are the best. The meals are okay. They have a decent ahi tuna salad. This is how you do it right. Go on a nice spring day, sit outside at the patio bar, go with a pal (I worked in Kierland for awhile, so this was like my after work hang out) order a mojito or margarita, order appetizers like the coconut shrimp or the macadamia nut goat cheese, and get a slice of the best dessert ever created: the pina colada cake. Literally, the best cake in the world. I order a whole one (like $60... YIKES!!!) every year from my moms birthday. You gotta order those in advance! Seriously, it will be my wedding cake.
1	We came here for restaurant week.  The crab cake was ok.  The signature coconut shrimp was rubbery.  Entrees were the ribs which were ordinary and seared tuna which had zero tuna taste.  Truly the WORSE part of the meal was the "dessert".  Again signature coconut cake and chocolate brownie with ice cream.  The Coconut cake was topped with this layer of stale coconut.  It wasn't soft and fluffy or toasted crispy.  IT WAS STALE as it had been sitting in the kitchen exposed to the elements for days!  The chocolate brownie was actually EVEN WORSE.  It was hard as a brick.  They could have very well been serving us those fake desserts many restaurants bring over at the end of the meal to show what they offer.  Save your money and go ANYWHERE else.
3	For the price, Tommy Bahama's is not overly special in my opinion.I've been here a couple of times and while there are some yummy offerings to be sure, specifically the Sea Bass, the Ribs, & the Beet Salad, but for the high price point, I would suggest trying elsewhere.One of the best things is the live music, very relaxing and it fits the decor & atmosphere perfectly.  Props to the musician(s).
4	Ok, so I read a few of the other reviews before writing my own and I feel I have to state the following before continuing to my real review: Disclaimer: I have never paid for food here. We always hit this place up when my family is in town and I have never seen the bill. Sometimes the service is slow. When it's bad, it's really really bad. But when it's good, it's top notch. I love the food here. I love the decor. I have swiped my fair share of the quality match boxes, but I'm sure I'll be swiping more before I'm done. Limited vegetarian options, but I have always loved whatever I end up getting. The whipped yams are lovely. The drinks have the potential to knock you on your sandy ass. Desserts are big and delicious. I recommend this place. Just have a snack on the way there.
5	Love, love, love this place. I've been there several times over the years for lunch & dinner and have NEVER been dissatisfied. My favorite appetizer is the Tuna Poke-all 4 of us shared it and everyone loved it, the goat cheese app is also amazing.Last night I had the special-Halibut on sun dried tomato risotto. I finished every morsel of this plentiful portion.The atmosphere here is beautiful inside or out and the staff is always pleasant and happy.  I love happy staff, thanks Arnold.If you like dessert you'll love this place. All of the choices are as tasty as they are beautiful. Their presentation on all their dishes is phenomenal,  compliments to the kitchen staff!
4	I went to the Tommy Bahama's store in Kierland Commons and was excited to find out they also had a restaurant. My wife and I decided to give it a try and were very happy with the meal. The drink menu had an awesome selection of rums from around the Caribbean and the seafood we had for appetizers and the main course was outstanding!
5	Great food, great drinks and a very attentive knowledgeable staff. The bartenders are very experienced and make the drinks perfect time after time. They also have a Great Happy Hour everyday from 3-6 including Great drink and appetizer specials. Overall a very well run restaurant.
5	Go for the cocktails!! My friend and I sat on the patio and each tried three different cocktails on the menu. The bartender was easy going and friendly. She made some great drinks. I love the mojito especially. Enjoy!!
4	The food was good but after being at the Naples location there was no comparison. Naples has it hands down on the setup - with the fabulous live entertainment, larger patio area with an open access to the restaurant where the bar is just blows Scottsdale out of the water and I believe the food is one notch better as well.
4	Yummy! It was my Friday day in Phoenix and we were staying at the Westin Kierland, so we mozied on over to the shopping center and decided to try the Tommy Bahama Cafe. It was such a cute little place. We started off with the chicken lollipops and those were pretty good. I had the fish tacos and those were delish! There were 3 of them and I gave my boyfriend one b/c there was so much fish and toppings, it was a lot of food! He had the Ahi Tuna Salad and that was very light and refreshing. Since we were staying at the Westin we actually received 10 dollars off our meal, that was a nice little touch. We each had a mojito as well, I had the original and my boyfriend had the pineapple and they were made really well! Not too sweet or sugary. They actually came with a sugar kane in them, which we both enjoyed munching on. I would definitely recommend Tommy Bahama to anyone shopping in Kierland or in the area.
5	the best fish tacos EVER!  and you really must try the pina colada cake (and I don't ever get dessert)!
3	Pretty average place.  Good location, nice decor, good service and average food at above average prices.Went here for lunch with a friend on Friday. We were seated in the nice dining area upstairs.We ordered the coconut shrimp appetizer.  Six large shrimp with a sweet dipping sauce was a nice start to the meal.My friend ordered the fish tacos which he said were good.I ordered the Cuban sandwich.  Plenty of meat and presented nicely.  Not a fan of the yucca fries.  They were thick cut and not very crispy.  Tasted more like eating a piece of cooked, starchy something similar to potato.  The dipping sauce for the fries must have been made a while ahead of time because when I dipped into it the color inside was lighter than the color on the outside.The bill before tip but after tax was $53.  I don't mind spending that much for lunch occasionally, but not here.
4	Met my boss for dinner.Ordered the fish special. Pecan encrusted Sea Bass.It was OK. The service was excellent. It was kind of loud and difficult to carry on a conversation. Love the shirts.I'll be back.
4	The best spot we have found in Scottsdale Kierland area!  The bisque is too die for......the butterscotch dessert is without a doubt the best dessert I can remember ever having....and the sangria is wonderful!!!  Only thing that keeps this from Five Star is the cost.  Pretty pricey place.
4	Tommy's is as close to the tropical islands as Arizona can get. With its picturesque patio and Hawaiian setting, this is a great restaurant to lounge and take in the tropics -- or at least envision what it would feel like to be at the beach. Tommy's restaurant smells and acts like Hawaii and if you ever want the improvised experience, take a trip here. On most nights, someone will be performing live island music. The cocktails are tropical, strong and delicious. During happy hour, the prices are reasonable but they rise once happy hour is over. I personally like the lunch menu better than the dinner one but anything you get there is what you expect. The interior resembles a Tommy Bahama store. Go figure! With dining available on the lower patio and inside upstairs, it always feels like I've entered a scene of Swiss Family Robinson. Some of my favorite dishes include the Tortilla soup, chicken sandwich with their dressing, and of course the gooey chocolate, Carmel brownie with fresh ice cream. For being a chain, Tommy's does a good job of providing a unique experience to the Valley. I have the most fun when I visit during the nice weather months. I would avoid it if it's raining.
4	Who would have thought Tommy Bahamas was anything but a clothing store?? I've eaten here at least three of four times and despite some of the mixed Yelp reviews, I really like this place.  I recommend going early for drinks at the bar. Ok... I recommend going to the bar almost always regardless of where you go out to eat.  It makes it for a "good time" with your friends, especially at Tommy Bahamas due to their topical-tropicana-beach-esk theme they have going on.  They will make you almost any kind of "fruity ~ tropical" kind of drink known to mankind.   We sat outside in their patio area under an umbrella. Very enjoyable and a high recommend when you go. The tropical music they pipe through the air and the Magnum-esque clothing worn by the staff all make for a relaxing atmosphere. We were there on a weekday, and it was pretty empty until the conference crowd showed up just after noon. The food was surprisingly good.I had the Lemongrass encrusted Ahi, seared rare, sweet chili sauce, cilantro oil, island almond rice, shiitake mushrooms, minus the toasted sesame seeds with baby bok choy.  It was a little pricing at $30 - but very good! The crab bisque was also good. They also offer some Gluten Free dinner and lunch selections as well.The real surprise here was the service. Our waiter (I wish I remembered his name) was amazing. Very friendly and attentive. for example, I asked for more chili sauce and he brought out both the chili sauce and their spicier chili sauce which he thought I might like better. AWESOME!Yes this is a "Touristy" kind of place and it's over priced, but it is also a good dinning experience to have with your friends and a cool place to shop for that special Magnum-esque attire you've always wanted : -)
3	this is a review for the restaurant.  my friends and i went here for the kitch value only.  obviously, this place is mostly for the experience factor of going shopping for clothes then ending up eating at a restaurant.  the food was decent though i wouldn't call it stellar by any means.  stick to the specialties and don't venture too far off this place's sweet spots.  i went with the wine and didn't love my wine.  i should have gone with the mixed drinks.  i did have one of those island type of entrees though and was more pleased with that while my buddy  tried something that he wanted to eat BUT was outside the sweet spot of this establishment and he paid the price.  it was not that good.  if you want to get the experience, i think you'd be better off just giving yourself over to the experience.  don't fight the wave, just ride it.  it's an island/boat-drink kind of place so go with it.  order the boats drinks and the island dishes.
4	Really nice vibe. The drinks are delicious. They have something for every pallette. The servers made the experience. Very nice and friendly a very positive dinning experience. The environment is worth the visit but the food will make you come back.
4	This is my favorite place to eat (so far) at Kierland. I honestly didn't know Tommy Bahama even had a restaurant, but hey! It's pretty delicious food! The last two times I've been here I had the Habana Cabana Pork Sandwich (my all time favorite) and the Old San Juan Shrimp and Scallops (in this amazing curry sauce). The price is, quite high. However, you can't beat the beautiful patio seating, friendly service, great drinks and delicious food!
4	I always enjoy this line of restaurants where you can be transported into a relaxing vacation even just for a meal. Food: 3.5, Atmosphere: 5, Service: 4 Cost to worth it rating: 3 Highlights: - Atmosphere: islandy calm and relaxing fun. Everything smells like pineapple and coconut. Big bar area upstairs, patio downstairs, as well as open window patio upstairs as well are nice seating options. - Blackened fish sandwich: white fish cooked well and slightly crispy on the seasoned top. Only thing is I could have used some more spice. I appreciated the soft, slightly sweet grilled bun as well as the pairing with the refreshing cucumber tomato salad. - Cocktails: huge menu list of fun mixology and tropical items - Bread: big hat-shaped hunk of soft and warm yeasty goodness - Desserts: the tray always looks enticing especially the pina colada cake, but I usually don't have room. I do like that they have a half portion option for a smaller taste. Lowlights: - Pork sandwich: sauce was way too sweet and I like sweet bbq. The southern hub couldn't even finish it. Pleasant tropical retreat for a meal and I would return.
2	Who wants to ruin a rare date night by sending the food back?  So with brave smiles we fought our way through our meals and tried to focus on the positives:  The perfect table that the nice greeter sat us at , The friendly and solicitous server, The great crab bisque, The perfectly cooked sea bass.  But really, how hard does one have to work to make pork ribs tasteless?  And who in the world thought it would be a good idea to comprise half the ribs' side dish with raw red onions?  For the life of me, I couldn't tell what that side was supposed to be.  The sea bass special that was supposed to have this delicate horseradish sauce turned out to be oversauced with something better described as gloppy than delicate.  Its flavors clashed with the sea bass, as did the mashed potatoes...though the three did make a nice white monochrome statement on my plate.  The accompanying baby bok choy was overcooked/mushy.  We were so disappointed (disappointed doesn't describe how my stomach felt all night) that it ruined date night anyway, so we should have spoken up.
5	This place is awesome!!! I have been here a few times with friends or my daughter and her teen friends :-) The last time I went with a group of teenagers and friends.  The bill was well over $100, and the manager said dinner was on them! They wouldn't take my credit card! So awesome, since this was a birthday dinner; what an awesome surprise! And their food is great! Awesome management & staff - great place! Oh & nice clothing downstairs :-)
3	Enjoy a meal in a very nice environment.  it captures a beach like setting.  The drinks and food are very good.  The only down side is the food prices are a little high for what you get.
4	I get excited when a drink arrives and there is an umbrella in it, well it was lunch so I skipped that but saw the same excitement in my son's eyes when his hot dog arrived with an umbrella.  I really enjoy the way this restaurant looks the outside/patio dining make this time of year feel heavenly.  The lunches aren't cheap but high quality for the price.  I had fish tacos that were excellent.  Menu has choices for everyone.  Our waiter Tommy (how could I forget) was great.  Would definitely make a trip back.
5	FIrst of the event coordinator Annie is AMAZING.  She is spunky, beautiful, and so nice.  She made me feel so welcome!  The patio at Tommy's is breath taking.  You feel like you are on an island.  The atmosphere is so calm and breezy.  The staff welcomed me as if I was a regular.  I had this amazing steak salad called Saba Steak Salad.  And I had the Island Goat Cheese.  I can barely explain them because I will talk myself into going back there.The steak in the salad melted in my mouth and was seasoned to perfection!  The dressing had a garlic aioli that added so much flare and flavor.  There were 3 potato coins on the side that were a great addition to the salad.   The spring mix and romaine was fresh and I was very pleased.Now to the goat cheese.  HOLY COW.  So tasty!!  It wasn't overwhelming is was perfect.  There were tortillas strips on the side that were dangerous because I really wanted a bag of them when I was done.  There was also a mango salsa with the cheese and I will admit I had a spoonful of it on its own.As you can tell I HIGHLY recommend Tommy Bahamas.  What would be great is everyone bought tickets to the Original Taste this weekend and you can taste 36 restaurants in one event!!!
4	Strong drinksss.  I walked over here with some other folks from the Restaurant Leadership Conference next door.  Tommy Bahama was actually our second choice, we couldn't get in at the first spot.We managed to snag seat in the upstairs bar area.  Service was fast and friendly throughout the meal.We shared an appetizer of Big Island Goat Cheese which was coated in macadamia nut pieces and served with strips of thin, crunchy flat bread.  It was pretty good.I had a bowl of lobster bisque which was also very tasty.  It could have used more lobster, but still, very good.I had one cocktail, the kumquat.  I don't recall what was in it other than a 5th of some sort of alcohol.  What sold me on the drink was the house made sours.  Very good drink, good size and I would say two will knock you on your ass, one gets you half way there.  At $13 it's a pricey drink though.3.75 stars, a strong showing for me, an anti-chain kind of guy.
5	Great Service, especially at the bar!  Fabulous, Zaya Rum tastes as good as cognac.  Food to die for.  No complaints here.  Relaxed, carefree, resort-like feel.
1	The reason why I am giving this a 1 star is that I cant give it a 0 star. My husband and I were stuck in their elevator for 20 minutes.  Ok I know things happen, but for the emergency call button not to work was TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE! I am in the food industry, and knowing that their elevator is the on way for disabled to get to their restaurant is via elevator. I was very pissed and I am still broken out in hives and traumatized from the experience last week.However, the food was good. And the presentation was beautiful. Yes, we still dined there, despite our mishap.
5	Now here is a way to earn an extra star for excellent customer service in my book! Recently, I was in the mood for a beach vacation and unfortunately, Hawaii was a little too far away so I opted for Tommy Bahamas instead. Second best right? When I sat down, I ordered a nice Bahama Mama Hurricane and jokingly asked for a side of beach to go with it as she was walking away. Moments later, she returned with my drink and a side of beach! Literally...she brought a plate with sand, two shells and an umbrella! Tommy Bahama should give this waitress a raise for having such good customer service skills that she goes out of her way to think of something like creating a makeshift beach for a customer!
4	We came here after the Holidays and a few times since then.  Normally, it's a busy day of shopping followed by HH and we were very impressed by both the food and the interesting drink offerings. The food is interesting as well as outstanding.  The wait staff seems to kick it into high gear when it starts to get crowded.   A big WOW!I would highly recommend Tommy Bahama's to anyone!Enjoy!
4	I really enjoy this place and have eaten there several times. They just recently changed their menu but I like the brew additions. The coconut shrimp are awesome and the ahi tuna salad is to for for!  I did have the chimichurri flank steak sliders but they weren't good. Our waitress was great and offered me something else.
2	I love to cook. I go to new restaurants all the time to get inspiration for new things to try in my own kitchen. I didn't get much from Tommy Bahama's Scottsdale restaurant. We arrived for our reservation a few minutes early, checked in with the hostess, and my companion was escorted to the upstairs dining room while I parked the car. I joined her shortly and found that she had been seated in the walled "back" part of the dining room, that frankly looks like an afterthought to the much more pleasant and amply windowed main area. Not much of a view from here. But, the decor was very pleasant, and we set about ordering lunch.First, we had Tommy's Coconut Shrimp appetizer, billed as "World Famous". Nicely presented, crispy coconut, and a slightly too sweet papaya-mango chutney dipping sauce accompanied four good size, juicy shrimp. A good start! For lunch, we ordered the BBQ pork Habana Cabana sandwich and the South Beach Cuban sandwich.When the Cuban sandwich arrived, it was accompanied by a "slaw" of sorts that included chunks of orange, and slices of fennel bulb in a non-descript dressing. The combination of anise and orange just didn't work for me. Besides, the fennel was sliced across the width of the bulb, making relatively large  horseshoe shaped strips that were difficult to spear on the fork and even harder to fit in my mouth gracefully without cutting them individually. The Cuban sandwich was totally unimaginative. The "roasted pork tenderloin" looked to be the identical shredded pork that was the basis of my companion's BBQ pork sandwich minus the BBQ sauce and was somewhat dry. A few slices of what looked and tasted like supermarket deli ham were layered with some cheese and a big slice of sour pickle on a diagonally cut bun that was soggy from the ham inside and crunchy dry on the outside. My companion's BBQ sandwich had an ample amount of shredded pork that had apparently been tossed in a thick dark sauce and piled on a nicely toasted round bun. Plain French fries accompanied the sandwich. On first bite, she immediately commented on how overly sweet the sauce was, so I tasted a little sample and had to agree. No offsetting acidity to the sugary blackberry brandy BBQ sauce that smothered the meat. Too bad too, because it mostly covered up the flavor of what appeared to be  a nice smoky meat and left a sticky sweet aftertaste instead of nice smoky BBQ.Our server was friendly, personable, and efficient. The food runner took away or forks as he cleared the appetizer plates and delivered the sandwiches, but did not come with new, so we had to flag down our server and wait for forks as lunch cooled. All-in-all, it wasn't the kind of lunch experience I expected for nearly $60 (no alcohol) including tip. Great location, lovely decor, but missing some really important points when it comes to the total experience. Lastly, for whatever reason, they subsequently reported us to Open Table as a "no-show". Nice.
5	Went today for the first time. The quesadillas were the best I've ever had. My husband had the Cuban sandwich, which of course I tried...it was equally delicious! The atmosphere made me feel like I was back in the Bahamas. And not to forget the staff. We sat at the bar, and the bartenders were wonderful and so nice!
4	First, it's easy to find parking, something that's hard to say about most restaurants in Scottsdale.  You can park on the street (a little harder to find but very convenient), or park in the ample parking behind the restaurant.  If you like an island feel, this place has it along with calming island music.  If you can't get to the islands, you'll still feel like you're there at Tommy Bahama's.  The food is fantastic and the service was some of the best I've ever had.  I had the sea bass.  It was flaky, moist and delicious.  My wife had the filet mignon which was equally delicious.  She had ordered medium well but it came out medium rare which the waitress quickly corrected.  After dinner you can stroll through some of the many stores in the Kierland Shopping Center.  Very relaxing.
5	We stopped here for lunch.  The food was all freshly made.  We shared Jerk Tacos and a Cuban Sandwich.  The tacos were just spicy enough, with tender chicken and fresh veggies.  The pork on the Cuban sandwich was wonderfully sweet.  The drinks were top-notch also.  We definitely plan to go back sometime during the week and sample some other offerings.
4	what did i like about this restaurant...everything.we came here on a monday for lunch.  it was not crowded so was seated immediated while we waited for another couple to come.got their wonderful ice tea and some bread and butter spread...beautiful thing.clean restaurant and the service was terrific.we then ordered.our food came out all together and it was all great.  the scallop sliders...the basil and tomato in there just brought the beautiful taste to it.  we then realized the kobe burger was very done while we asked for medium rare.the waiter came and wanted to have another one brought out ASAP for us.  we decided to just keep it and shared the burger instead.the manager came by and stated he heard what happened and will provide us free dessert plus remove the burger order from our bill.he then also came back with coupons for some amounts off our next bill when we come back.  now that's awesome service!our ice tea glasses were always full.  the bread/butter spread were came out a few times as the waitress realized how much we liked it.the dessert was the bomb!  If we were ever in the area again, i will definitely eat here.
3	Perfectly fine corporate dining.  The food is good but the feeling that I get is that this place is another impersonal experiment in which profit and focus groups take precedent over a genuine dining experience.  And by the way, your shirts are nothing compared to an original Reyn Spooner.
4	if you follow my rants, then you know i am not a big fan of chains of any kind. i rarely spend my money at these establishments, much preferring to give local chefs my hard earned money, and keep the money in the valley. but i have a friend who loves going to tommy bahamas on kierland, so i figured what the heck, i will give it a try. and i was pleasently surprised by the lunch, which i enjoyed. the sour dough bread was fresh and the butter tasty.  i started with a crab bisque, which for a bowl, could have been a bit more generous sized portion. but it was a rich concoction. and very good. there was a miscommunication in the kitchen and another one arrived at my table, which they allowed me to enjoy at no extra charge. for entrees, i had fish tacos, with mahi mahi. the food was fresh, though i prefer a bit more spice. the inside of the taco was rather bland, perhaps blackening it would have helped. but my guest had a delicious arugala salad, with HUGE scallops and shrimp, cooked just right. he said it was his favorite dish there, and i can understand why. our waiter was just starting his new job, and dave did the best he could. i wish him the best. he was nice, polite and gave us space and territory allowing my guest and i to have a conversation without any intrusion. he offered to show us the dessert tray, which i thought was rather pedestrian. the only one which may have tempted me at another time would have been the key lime pie. all in all, i would recommend this place.
1	I can't even believe I actually went to this restaurant.  My feeling was that if the Tommy Bahama clothing and its wearers were any indication of the dining experience, it was going to be unoriginal and in poor taste.  Alas my friend wanted to go there was his birthday lunch so....  Let me be clear that I'm not a food snob at all.  Just last week I enjoyed a lunch of Nachos Bell Grande and a bean and cheese burrito at Taco Bell very, very much.  That was far superior to this lunch at Tommy Bahama. The decor was comfortable and breezy.  Everything else  - not so much.  1st it's nice that they bring you bread and butter, but a sweetly flavored butter?  Why mess with the pure goodness of butter?  The glass of lemonade I ordered was sickeningly sweet, and I am a notorious for my sweet tooth.  It was undrinkable until I cut it with water.  The coconut shrimp also had an overly sweet sauce.  So much so that we could each only eat 1 of 6 shrimp.  I got the crab bisque which was crazy salty, and in my opinion, contained previously frozen hence rubbery crab meat.  As it was my friend's birthday, they brought him a complimentary dessert.  Very nice. He got the newest one which was some sort of chocolate/caramel-filled cake with oreo crust, chocolate mousse topping, sprinkled with crushed Heath bar.  Sounds good, right?  Vile, absolutely vile.  Overly sweet except for the oreo crust that was saturated in butter.  On an update note - it was not the nasty sweet butter they serve with the bread though.    My final issue was with our young, highly attentive server.  He was very sweet and well-intentioned.  However I feel that every server in the world needs to stop speaking to customers in the collective.  Don't say "are we enjoying our coconut shrimp?" or "are we ready for dessert?"  Unless I've badly misinterpreted our relationship, "we" aren't doing anything together. Just a pet peeve -  I still tipped him 22% and kept my mouth shut about this odd little quirk.  oh and the bill for coconut shrimp appy, quesadilla, cup of crab bisque, lemonade and glass of white wine?  $52.  for lunch.  Tommy Bahama and I just didn't work out at all.
4	The staff is great and the Pina Colata cake is work the cross valley drive.
4	I don't live in Arizona and I absolutely love this place! There is a great happy hour with beer and cocktails and food. You can shop for clothes and grab great food and drinks all at the same time. If you are in Scottsdale this is a place you want to check out. And don't forget to try and sit outside since the weather is always perfect in AZ.
4	If I was 60 years old and rich, I'd give Tommy Bahama 5 stars...That is the it crowd at Tommy.With that said, I like it here a lot. The food is good and reasonably priced, the desserts are great and the service and ambiance are very nice. I've been here a few times, most recently for NYE. On New Years, there was a live band outside, complete with dancing Kierland Cougars. It was a really fun environment, in all seriousness, and it added some nice before and after dinner entertainment.Food is very good. They offer a whole leaf Caesar salad, which just feels classier to me than the regular option. You get bread with delicious butter, and they have a full bar and great drink menu. When I'm there, I get the Sanibel Chicken for my entree. It's a Parmesan crusted chicken breast, stuffed with herb cheese, then it's pan fried and finished with a red pepper cream sauce. It's just as good as it sounds, and comes with a chive whipped potato and a vegetable (I prefer asparagus). My wife had the ribs and thought the sauce was good but the ribs themselves were a little fatty.I've had the chocolate cake and the pina colada cake, both are delicious. Word to the wise: Order the "small" size of your cake. The large is more or less a whole cake...My chocolate cake from Saturday would have fed a family of 6.I'm sure I'll be back soon enough with a hunger for that sanibel chicken.
4	Very fun place, especially for al fresco dining.   Good service and food.  A little pricey so couldn't afford to go for lunch daily but certainly every so often.Have always enjoyed the food and they are good with soft drink refills.  Gets a little more "pick up joint" at night so I usually stick with lunch.   They have also done some theme dinners where they pair wine and serve a mutli-course chefs choice menu, the one's I've gone to have been outstanding and well worth the price.
3	Chain, chain, chain...somehow we always spend more money here than I would like. That aside, the grilled fish tacos are so good, we come back  each time we go to Kierland Commons. They have consistently good food but lose a star over $/ chain.
5	For a concept that could've been hokey, touristy and overdone, Tommy Bahama's Restaurant is the exact opposite: tasteful and fantastically executed.  They really make you feel like you are sitting in an island paradise.  The service is fantastic and the food is even better.  We had a ton of stuff, but the highlights for me were definitely the scallop sliders and the Sanibel chicken.  The sliders were an awesomely unique concoction, with a perfectly seared scallop served on a toasted buttery brioche bun with a chipotle aioli that was the perfect glue for this mini-sandwich, providing a welcome richness and heat that tied the entire thing together.  I could easily eat a meal of four of these.  The sanibel chicken was another killer presentation.  A butterflied chicken breast, breaded with panko and baked to perfection while leaving the meat nice and moist.  They stuffed the breast with just a enough cheese to give you a creamy texture without being overwhelming.  The whole thing is surrounded by a delightful red pepper cream sauce, and served with some haricot verts and TB's chive mashed potatoes.This meal was awesome.  Go here, and you will not be disappointed.
5	Holy moly. So who knew they even had a restaurant? We've now been twice. The first time we found walking around, checking out Kierland when we first moved here. We walked up to take a look but they were closed for a private event, but because we walked up and asked they gave us a $20 coupon for our next visit. Awesome!First time we went for dinner. I could have buckets of the crab bisque and baskets upon baskets of the star shaped, soft rolls. i got the appetizer sampler with coconut shrimp, goat cheese and crab cakes as my entree and Greg got the scallops. All really excellent. I don't like scallops usually because they are too fishy. I tried these, so, so good and sweet.2nd trip, we took my mom for drinks and appetizers at happy hour. Drinks were tasty, appetizer sampler again and I got the scallop sliders, decadent!The decor is nice, think tommy Bahama store and you've got the idea. Nice bar and great patio. The service at dinner time was really great, the server was very nice and attentive, bit busier on the patio at happy hour, but clearly they operate with good service in mind.
4	I have eaten at Tommy B's many times I love the ambience and the decor. I love the scallops sliders and the goat cheese appetizers. The steak salad for lunch is my absolute favorite, as for dinner I am also a fan of the Ahi Tuna prepared any way. The staff are very attentive and make you feel welcome. If you become a regular as I have they all come up and talk to you and make you feel welcome. The only minor dissapointments I have is the Sangria it is inconsistant and can be bitter at times and the desserts are okay but not the best.
4	One of my favorite places to go eat while I'm in Phoenix.  Try the goat cheese appetizer and you will not be dissapointed.
2	The service here just was not good. It seemed like the waitress forgot about us.  Then the food just wasn't good. Blackened fish sandwich was hard and the salad just could not get it right.
2	We went here for Mothers Day and experienced a very disorganized manager and staff. After being called by the restaurant to make sure we arrived on time or you would lose your table, we made sure we came early only to wait another 45 min for a table to be ready. The manager seemed to not care about this long wait and was somewhat condescending in his responses to us. I have dined here many times and it has been great, but the general manager is not very good.
4	Great restaurant for either lunch or dinner. I like the happy hour selection, as the prices are a bit more reasonable. I had the ahi tuna mini tacos  the other day, and it was perfect for a light lunch. My mango ice tea was always filled, the service was wonderful and our server was very aware of my meeting so he allowed us to talk without interruption. You can either eat upstairs inside, or downstairs with the misters and fans. Either way, you will have a great time.
5	Great for lunch, dinner and HAPPY HOUR! Make sure to go hungry. The fish tacos and crab cakes are amazing. Haven't ordered anything that we didn't like. Highly recommend the happy hour. Great drinks and food.AND the malted chocolate pie is delicious!!! As our waitress suggested -- if you have any leftover it's great for breakfast too :)
3	My boyfriend and I went here for our Valentine's Day dinner... I would say it was okay. My bf ordered the prix fix dinner they had on special that night and LOVED it- it was some sort of steak with lobster entree. But I ordered some pasta from their regular menu and was not impressed. Our waiter was very good though, so I liked the level of service. We also ordered dessert and it was fantastic, so that made up for the lackluster pasta!
4	I used to go for their amazing crab cakes and the sauce that went with them.  They changed the cakes to these skinny little things, still good just not amazing.  Our server was great and knowledgeable, quick and nice.  I love the relaxing atmosphere and they have a nice wine selection.  I will go back, just not for the crab cakes until they switch back ;)
5	Escape to a tropical oasis! Food is always great! Service and staff are excellent!
1	Mediocre food at best and overpriced.
4	Always a friendly place with great food and drink. A bit expensive for my personal tastes but a great place for business.  Will be back the next time I am up in Scottsdale!
2	My husband and I came here for a late dinner. We were greeted professionally and waited on with a smile. However, I was not impressed with the food at all. My mother-in-law enjoys this place for lunch and I think her taste is usually spot on, but dinner was disappointing. Dishes were more sweet than savory and were just average; nothing I would go back for. Also, considering there were only a few other tables in the restaurant at the time, our food was served warm and not hot, felt like it may have been "up" for a few minutes before served. I also not a big fan of the decor, felt a little too tropical vacation rental to me.
4	Great food ... great place to enjoy dinner with a large group after a business meeting or a conference ... or with your family to cap off a nice vacation at Scottsdale. Definitely expensive ... but plan for that and you will enjoy the experience. Really good wait staff also. Try the scallop sliders for appetizers and key lime pie for dessert!
4	A small taste of the tropics in North Scottsdale.  A lovely place for dinner, happy hour, or a business lunch. Located in the nice outdoor Kierland Mall. The food here is scrumptious and if you are thirsty, I recommend the Mai Tai.  2nd story is awesome. Top notch service too.
4	Very well done! I have been to several Tommy Bahamas Restaurants and this one doesn't disappoint.
2	This place has a beautiful open-air bar. Gorgeous tropical environment and great food. But very pricey. My husband and I stopped in late one evening to have a drink. It was about an hour before closing and only a few other people were there. We ordered a Greyhound and a draft. It wasn't until we got home that we noticed our bill. The bartender charged us $20 just for the Greyhound! After tip, we ended up paying about $30 just for two drinks. I think the bartender must have been trying to meet a quota...
5	Always a great experience.  Last night's dinner was superb - terrific service from waitress and the manager - food perfectly prepared - will dine here over and over again!
4	Great food, great ambiance - but a little spendy.  It's an easy $100 lunch but the burger is one of the best we have ever had.  We have never tried dinner, only lunch.  Well worth the stop.  Great for kids too and has the feel of the tropics.  It's a real gem in Kierland.
2	My wife and I have been to the TBs in Naples, FL and Sarasota, FL, and this one in Scottsdale ranks a distant third.  Our waitress, Lulu, was no lemon though.  She was attentive and knew the menu well.  Food was average, and the ambiance was sub par.  Felt cramped and very noisy.
3	Can we say Overpriced?? The Manager was beyond nice and comforting. Which wasn't a problem if  only the waitresses had the same attitude and  attentiveness as their manager things would have been a little more pleasant in my opinion.  I hate it when they only time they want to ask if someone wants a refill is my boyfriends alcoholic bevareges. It's like geeze people my amazing lemonade has been gone for over 30 minutes and you do not want to ask me if I would like more?! YES I WOULD HAVE. The food was severely minimal for the price. I had ordered the Thai shrimp and scallops with the coconut curry. Not bad. But not good enough for 26 dollars. I wish i had gotten their tiny filet instead.  Just disappointed just like I am sure the rest of our large party was.  It seems like they barely asked anyone at our table besides my boyfriend if they wanted more beverages. Which I really quite sad if you ask me. Because with as little food they give you, you would think people might like a refill on whatever it is that they ordered drink regardless if it had alcohol in it. I mean seriously its my hard to ask that question. Actually it's more polite and expected of a waitress especially with as big of a table bringing in the profit off of gratuity. Probably the reason they felt they didn't have to do much since they are getting tipped anyways so I'm sure they felt they didn't have to work for it. Sad. If I'm ever around the  area I know where not to come for food. An that would be this place.
3	Tone down the live band. I shouldn't have to shout to talk to somebody 2' away.
4	My family and I came here yesterday for a celebration dinner. The atmosphere is relaxed and inviting and they even have pillows in the booths, as if you're lounging in someone's living room (very comfy and fun!) We came around 5 so it wasn't very crowded or loud.Our waiter was very nice and even made some excellent dish recommendations to my parents which I thought was great! (My dad can be kinda scary so this took some courage on the server's part :P)I can't recall what my parents had but I had the scottish salmon special and my husband had the seared ahi tuna. We both loved loved our dishes, really well seasoned and great flavor with a yummy vegetable medley. We also tried their lobster bisque which was super rich and full of flavor. Everything about this place is great EXCEPT the prices are a bit much. I think it was about 30 bucks for each dish so it's on the pricey side but it's pretty fun to go every now and then :)
4	Better than anticipated. I really enjoyed the food.
5	The butterscotch on the dessert menu is perfect. Even James Bond thinks so.
5	The food was great! The atmosphere awesome and the service was even better. The manager Chad was super and the waiter Jonathan was great. Great restaurant with a wonderful staff. I will be back for more!
4	Great happy hour! Be sure to arrive before 6pm to take advantage of their awesome "island time" menu (aka happy hour), even available on Saturday. Our foursome enjoyed cocktails: grapefruit basil martini, mojito and margaritas. Everyone was happy. There are great apps on the HH menu too -- the ahi tuna poke is great, and my husband liked the fish tacos. My gluten free friend had a hard time, however. She settled on a salad, but the GF entree options were disappointing. Everyone enjoyed his or her meal. Great ambiance!
4	Honestly I wasn't expecting this place to have very good food but I was pleasantly surprised.  The hot bread they served came with a nice honey butter that I think had specks of nutmeg in it.  I loved it.  Ahi Tuna Tacos and a glass of mimosa to start off the day.  For lunch I had a steak salad that was prepared with just the right amount of dressing. The shiitake mushrooms were crunchy which made each bite an interesting one.It was a lovely day and we sat out on the patio.  Bartender took great care of us.  Apparently there was a backup in the kitchen and he seemed to notice before we did.  Now that's what I call attentive.
4	I came here for a night out with my husband and we really enjoyed ourselves.  I was a bit disappointed with the patio as I heard it was amazing but I would disagree.  We ate upstairs in a nice booth.  Great food, great service.  Can't really ask for more.  But it is a bit expensive for what you get.
3	This was our 4th trip to the restaurant and if I would have written this review after the 3rd trip, I would have given it 5 stars.  Needless to say, the food was spectacular as it had been the last 3 times we had been there.  I gave it 3 stars on this review due to the poor service.  We waited at least 10 minutes to have a server come to our table after we were seated with no apologies for the wait and that was after I went back to the hostess stand to ask where our server was.  She had indicated he was at the bar getting drinks....10 minutes!  Really!  Asked our server about the "Foodie Friday" special and he did not seem to know what I was talking about but finally the light bulb went on and he said he had to check on it.  Waited a long time for our drinks to come out and another long wait for the food.  I will state again that the food has always been excellent and it was this time as well.  We ordered a slice of their Pina Colada cake to go and that took another 10 minutes.  I had already paid the check and we were just sitting there waiting for the cake to go box to come.  Poor, poor service and top that off with a waiter who seemed to be clueless and lacking in any sense of urgency....not a good combination.  I will go back and will actually ask to speak to the manager on our next visit.  Can't say enough about the quality of the food and that is the reason we will give it another shot.
2	I've been wanting to try this restaurant for a while now and finally made it out for Arizona Restaurant Week. Unfortunately I did not have a good experience. The waiter my partner and I had was so unattentive. After we were seated we had to specifically ask for the restaurant week menus since they weren't provided to us to make sure we were only charged the special price for Restaurant Week. Not once throughout our entire meal did our waiter come by to refill our drinks and we were never offered a bread basket that all of our surrounding tables were provided by other waiters. It took forever to get our food while parties that were seated after us were receiving their meals before us. We both ordered the pina colada cake dessert it took over twenty minutes for us to receive our cake slices. Food was okay, service was horrible.
4	Three words: Key Lime Pie...As in the best you will ever have. Every entree I have ever had has been good as well. I gave this rating 4 starts only because the service can be off at times. Other than that this is one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley.
4	Love Tommy Bahama's food.  I've never had a bad meal here.  The fish dishes are especially awesome and all of their appetizers are delicious and perfect for sharing.  They have an interesting drinks menu with a strong island theme - and their bartenders really make great drinks (including some fun non-alcoholic options like the mint and basil lemonade).  Their plantain chips (if you're a banana fan) should not be missed - they're a delicious side... as is their cauliflower.My only complaint is that if they are busy - the service is slow and frequently it takes a long time for drink refills and anything you need with your meal (i.e. nobody 'checks' on you and how your meal is going once they take your initial order... they just get the food out to you).  Food rocks!
3	As far as the atmosphere goes,it was nice. Sat out on the patio which,even though it was pretty hot out, was cool from the mist system.There was a guy playing the steel drums which was very nice also. The food,although good, was way over priced for what you got. The tuna appetizer was mosltly avocado with one small layer of tuna around the top. The jerk chicken entree was a pretty good size but the thai shrimp and scallop entree was disappointing. There were three scallops that were just average in size and three shrimp that were really small. The flavor was good, but for what you paid for it, the scallops and shrimp should have been much larger. Basically you are paying to eat at Tommy Bahama. If you can make it in for Happy Hour, that is the way to go.
4	Happy Hour Review:After two years, it's time for an update.  We really like the Happy Hour at Tommy Bahama's. It's one of our ole standbys, along with Brio Tuscan Grill.  Tommy Bahama's works hard at that laid back, island feel. Downstairs you have a small bar and patio surrounded in a U-shape by the retail store.  The water misters actually do a great job and you wouldn't know its over 100 degrees outside. Really!  Upstairs they have an additional bar, with the main dinning area, along with some private roomsAMBIANCE/MOOD:As I mentioned there's a relaxed feel here.  Or, maybe it's their delicious and yummy Mojitos. The crowd is a mixture of all ages.  We had a few teenagers behind us, along with a few out of town'ers.  But it's really hard to categorize the group, except to say that everyone is usually laughing and having a good time.MENU:I've attached the  two sided HH menu(photo) along with the appetizers from the regular menu.  The food is very good. Some regular menu items can be pricey, like the salads that start at $16.00.  But, almost all of the HH food is $6.00. Our favorites are the Sirloin Sliders(photos) and the Fish Tacos, but everything is good.SERVICE:We have never had any problems with the service. You have your regular server, but everyone pitches in, and I don't mean when you put your credit card down.  Water glasses are refilled on a timely basis.  Inquiries are made about your food and if you are ready for the next item. Nice.FOOD:Their Small Plates menu has: Ahi Tuna Poke for $6.00; Fish Tacos for $6.00; Prime Burger Slider for $6.00; Edamane Hummus for $5.00; Crispy Plantains for $5.00; yummy Macadamia Goats Cheese for $5.00; also yummy Jerk Chicken Lolloipops for $5.00 and Candied Spiced Nuts for $5.00.  All delicious.As for drinks, the Cocktails are $6.00 and include: Mai Tai, Mojito, Sangria, Margarita, and something called a Crazy Cuban and Spiced Hurricane. So you won't go thirsty here.PRICES:Our most recent bill came to $43.00 including taxes but not gratuities. But, it's usually in the $31.00 to $37.00 ranges with two drinks. This time we shared a salad and there was no upcharge for a second plate.Enjoy!
5	My wife and I were looking for a nice relaxing spot to grab dinner that could offer both an intimate feel as well as fun and not uptight.  Tommy Bahamas nailed it for the atmosphere it provided on that.  Steel drum music and an island feel was perfect.  So that was a great start.For drinks they have a great selection of rum cocktails as well as non-alcoholic drinks.  We got there an hour before our reservation so we grabbed a table in the bar area to enjoy some of those.  I recommend the Kraken Up for a good cocktail.  My wife doesn't drink alcohol so she enjoyed a few of the other tropical non alcoholic drinks.We got our table a bit ahead of time which was nice and were greeted by our server Bryan who was on top of things providing great service the entire time.  He suggested some dishes and we started with the Ahi Tuna Tacos and the Ahi Poke Napoleon appetizers.  They were 2 things that looked great on the menu (we wanted fresh, light dishes) and so I was really hoping they would live up to what we wanted.  We're both from NY and I worked in the restaurant industry for years and ran a bar, restaurant and catering company in NY so when it comes to good food we know what it should be like and we expect a higher end restaurant to be able to produce this!  (We do not expect great Italian food from Olive Garden as a contrast.)  For us, since moving to AZ, finding restaurants that wowed us has been like finding a needle in the haystack!The apps arrived in great time and they were awesome!  Fresh, flavorful perfect portion sizes and done with great presentation!For the entrees we both went with Hawaiian Style Miso Marinated Black Cod.  Again they nailed it with this dish!  Good portion sizes and great flavors!  By this time word had gotten around that we were celebrating a special occasion and the GM of the restaurant, Chad, made a point to stop and spend some time talking with us to make sure we were happy with everything.  He sent over some complimentary champagne with strawberries which of course was a very nice gesture.  For dessert we were treated to another light but good sized piece of Pina Colada Cake.  If you go there save room for this!  It was awesome!  In the end, I obviously would highly recommend heading in here if you want a fun night out, a nice date spot that isn't boring and stuffy or just some really great food with great service that isn't overpriced.  We will 100% be going back in the near future when my business partners come to town!
5	Wow!!!  I have not been here for a while and I have to say this place has definitely improved.  Our server was prompt and upbeat bringing drinks and water right away while also working a very busy room! I ordered the special which was a filet of swordfish with a wonderful buttery bacon dressing and a side of brussel sprouts and arugula with grana padano.  The fish was cooked to perfection with the sauce not overwhelming the nutty tasting white fleshed fish. The arugula salad has the right amount of lemon and vinagrette, with an outstanding parmesan ( which was my addition, by the way.) For dessert the girls had the Pineapple creme brulee, which was devoured within seconds!!  I highly recommend this restaurant and will be returning soon!  Thank you Brandon for the outstanding service and also to Chad who is the manager for being so attentive to our needs throughout the meal!!
4	I only ate during happy hour. Reasonably priced and a couple of key items I would stick to. The sliders are good. So is the goat cheese appetizer. The Tuna Tartar is absolutely amazing. I would just order 10 of these for the table and a couple of cocktails and call it a day. Outdoor seating was cool with misters that keep the AZ heat at bay. Overall a good experience.
5	Your bartender/server Eric has consistently provided my wife and I with the best possible service. He makes my favorite martini for sure. We visit many Tommy Bahama locations and this is our favorite location. I wear mainly Tommy Bahama T-shirts, Hawaiian shirts  and cargo shorts when dressing casually for most of the year. Keep up the great service and service.
5	We have lived in the area for 2 years now. So many times we would say, "We've GOT to check this out", but would end up somewhere else. We FINALLY made it in for dinner. It was Saturday night on Labor Day weekend, but we got there early enough to sit at a nice table on the downstairs patio. The atmosphere was reminiscent of our honeymoon in Kauai :-) Our server David approached immediately and was very attentive throughout the meal. Even though he was obviously very busy, he never appeared rushed and made us feel very welcome. The live music was wonderful and added to the experience. The food defies description. Beautiful presentation and flavor off the hook! My husband had ribs that are honestly among the best we've had so far in AZ. I had the black cod. FANTASTIC! Very moist, tender and flavorful. I am meeting my sister there for lunch tomorrow :-)
4	Can't wait to go back soon when the weather is a bit cooler at night to eat outside.  The evening we went there was no wait and quite a few families in the restaurant mixed in with a few silver streakers.  Dress is very casual.* Mojitos were yummy and pricey and yummy.* Had the artichokes at the Laguna location but Scottsdale did not have them at their location.  It was a sad moment until we moved on and ordered the Chilean bacon wrapped shrimp from the seasonal menu.  They had just the right amount of spice and were delicious. * Red, white & blue salad was good.* Short ribs were tasty but extremely fatty.  I recommend trimming some of the fat before you serve it.  The veges accompanying this dish were simply amazing:  brussel sprouts with bacon and mashed cauliflower.  * Key lime pie is their signature dessert - we ordered, we ate it, we left FULL.
5	As is our tradition, we have lunch here every time we are in Scottsdale.  Today may have been the best of several visits.  Brandon took excellent care of us. The bartender helped my husband pick out a new rum to taste and came to the table to see how he liked it. Chad, the manager checked in and was most helpful.  In addition to the food being very tasty, the entire experience is one we look forward to.  Thanks.
5	Tommy has become our favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. Not only is the food great, but the atmosphere and staff are FANTASTIC. Chris, is an amazing server - and has a great song to intro the deserts, Brenda is also a fantastic server, and their manager Chad is also awesome. And, did I mention their Mai Tai's - best ones outside of Trader Vics. My wife and I really LOVE this place.
5	Reliable and good is the word that comes to mind. Always reliably good. Good (and large) Margaritas and martinis; reliably very tasty food (the robs are great, and so are the chicken dishes) and servers are very knowledgeable and well trained. The only negative if it is one at all is that the menu could be updated more often. I have been going to tommy bahama for years and the menu is pretty much the same it always has been. But that also means they still have my favorites there.
4	I had ignored Tommy Bahamas for the longest time since I wasnt sure how a company sells food and clothes, its like " pick a side!" . I was pleasantly surprised this week when i visited for AZ Restaurant week. Firstly, restuarant week was a great deal because you get to try a three course meal for $30. Secondly, all the choices were very good. I had the lobster bisque for appetiser, the snapper for entree and pina colada for dessert and all three were spot on. The ambience was very good, though seems to cater to an older crowd. Regular prices are on the steep side but not out of pattern for the Kierland area. Service was very good. I wil be back.As for buying the clothes.....um....Let's just say " I picked a side". :)
2	I will say this - if you are in the mood to shop for overpriced Hawaiian shirts at a store while getting terrible service at their restaurant, then this is your place.  I went there with a very large group and the service was terrible.  We sat at the bar for 10 minutes before I asked the guy behind it if I could order a drink.  He actually said, "Well sometimes".The problem was not the wait staff, but the manager.  Don't put your employees in a situation where they are short staffed.  We called ahead of time to advise them of a large group and you just chose not to staff it accordingly.  Also try to teach your employees to smile at least once in their shift.  They looked annoyed that we were bothering them.I'm sure this is a good place when they are not so busy, but my review is to skip it.  They really don't care if you are there or not.
1	Went for a late Sunday dinner.The place was not busy at all.The menu has good looking choices and the food is probably OK.However after a 10 minute wait we had not been served water or even approached by anyone on the wait staff except for the hostess.So we left without being served.DON'T BOTHER
5	After a 1 star review on 12/8.I was contacted by the west coast regional manager who apologizes for our previous experience and asked us to try their Restaurant again.We returned on 12/12.The dinner was a 100% turnaround.We were waited on promptly and Bruce took great care of us and was very professional.The food was excellent( try the scallop sliders) and we very much enjoyed it.The managers Zane and Dana even stopped to make sure we were being taken care of.All of the other diners appeared to be enjoying the meals as well.This is a resturant that showed concern with a poor experience and was able to turn things around on our next trip  Thank you.
4	Yes, I know this is corporate.  But it is pretty darn good and heaps of fun.  Especially if you are in the courtyard at night!  Food is yummy, deserts are terrific and huge.  Drinks are quite competent as well.
5	This is a great restaurant with excellent food and service. The management staff is excellent and ensure that the food quality is consistently high quality. With a great team of servers it is a place that I enjoy frequenting with large groups and with small social gatherings. Many great easy to love items, like sirloins steak salad- get it well done and the meat quality is high. They make every dish with love and this translates into the food you consume. Thank you for the memories and excellent experience.
5	Four of us came here Saturday late afternoon to enjoy the downstairs patio and the steel drums. We had a great time and the weather was fantastic. Our server, Ben, took great care of us. This was my second time visiting Tommy Bahamas. On a previous visit I had a cocktail (Grapefruit basil which was fantastic!) and dinner upstairs which is also a very cool bar and the dinner was great. A lot of seafood dishes on their menu which I LOVE.Dining upstairs is a totally different experience than downstairs and I highly recommend trying both! It is fun to mix it up!On this particular visit I was in a vodka mood so I just stuck with vodka/cranberry with lots of lime.(so much for mixing it up-ha) :) Our table decided to do appetizers and dessert as opposed to a full dinner which was perfect. We had a couple of orders of the Ahi poke which was wonderful, the pork quesadillas, (not my fave..the sauce was sticky/syrupy), and the lollipop jerk chicken which had an awesome kick and was super delicious. It was definitely super spicy but in a flavorful non obnoxious way.Ok now to review my favorite dessert maybe EVER! I tried the pineapple creme brulee..I am a total creme brulee girl...not as much a pineapple girl but it just looked really cool and sounded good. I was not disappointed. The creme brulee was creamy deliciousness and the pineapple was light and not overpowering at all...so yeah! I love a nice patio as it always makes me feel like I am on vacation and Tommy Bahama's patio fit the bill.
4	Happy hour s great...loved the sliders, pulled pork quesadilla and sangria. Staff is very friendly and efficient. Love the bar area upstairs. All in all and without a doubt it is a relaxing environment...The dinner menu also looks great but  haven't had a chance to try it out yet.
5	Came here for some afternoon drinks with the S.O.We loved the ambiance, the bartender was really cool, and the drinks were spectacular.
5	Went for happy hour today. The entire experience was great. Our server Gene was wonderful. Hubby and I shared the sliders, jerk chicken lollipops, & fish tacos. The sliders were the best. My drink was tasteless (classic mojito) so our server took it off the bill. Besides that the place was such a pleasant surprise! Beautiful patio dining, wonderful food, great service!
5	Every time I visit my friends in Mesa I force them to take me to Tommy's.  They never disappointment me.  Love everything I drink and eat here.  I also love to shop downstairs.
4	My family and I enjoyed a delicious dinner at Tommy Bahama on New Years Eve.  The food, drinks, desserts, service - all of it was fantastic.  We were in a large group, and the server was kind enough to split up our bills, which was very helpful after a few glasses of wine!
5	Never been to a Tommy Bahamas before.  This place was delicious!  The service was great - live music, great drinks, delicious food.  I wish there was one near me in Mission Viejo.  I thought Tommy Bahamas was only a clothing store!  Very cool to find this place while visiting Scottsdale - will definitely keep it on my list of likes when we are in the area again.  Give it a try for sure!
4	Amazing ambiance, delicious drinks and dessert and the staff was outstanding!
2	I just returned from a work team sponsored lunch at this location. The atmosphere and everything was amazing, but that's about where that ends. Our server was pretty short with us the whole time, not very warm, not welcoming. It was later explained to us that it was his last day serving... I guess he just stopped caring a little early for the occasion or something then. So service aside... let's get to food.There were four of us and only half of us were satisfied with the food.  Maybe I expected more from my $16 burger, but so much of it wasn't right. I ordered it "extra well done" (I actually said "I like it charred...) and "with no bun" - it came out medium-well on a bun. A colleague of mine was sold on the Cuban sandwich... and he, too, was underwhelmed with it. Another coworker, who has a gluten-intolerance, ordered her burger bunless as well... it came out on on a bun, too. Maybe it was just our server not caring, but when you see a table that has two empty buns sitting on appetizer plates, perhaps a simple "Oh, I'm sorry about that." should  be muttered.We got none of that. I've been here before and it was a much better experience. This one, well, was just "meh."  IF I ever go back, I'll adjust this accordingly.
4	We had a wonderful dinner with great service. The waiter was exceptional and did whatever he could to ensure we had a great dining experience. Plus they had a great selection of wines. Very nice. Highly recommended.
3	Good happy hour appetizers, great mojito, don't sit outside where the birds can land on the structure above you... They eat lotsa fries and well, if it goes in... It's gotta come out... Sit upstairs...crab bisque is good and a kid menu...pricey but overall pretty good.
3	If I was a tourist I could get into this but it's just not worth the trouble. The service usually leaves something to be desired and the food - while yummy - takes longer than necessary. It may be because they were busy every time I was there (3x) but my feeling is that they should accommodate the volume with more staff. If you go try the fish tacos. I hear they have good tropical/island themed drinks as well. It's also awkwardly attached to a Tommy Bahama store front. If you're in need of a Hawaiian shirt or khakis  after lunch you're in luck.
4	Fun place to go for a quick bite and happy hour drinks or for a complete, more relaxing meal experience. It always feels like we are on vacation here even though it's right down the street from home.  The outdoor patio is a great place to sit and relax, and the upstairs bar is also great fun. The fish tacos are tasty with just a little bit of spice and crispy slaw. The crispy plantains are also good as well as the burger sliders. On the regular menu, the Macadamia Nut Encrusted Snapper is excellent with the wasabi soy butter and the almond rice. From the drink menu, I recommend the Coconut Cloud, the mojito, or the Crazy Cuban.
3	Great place to come if you need to feel like you're on a vacation. Great location, excellent service and decor is island stylin'. The food is good and the drinks are even better. I highly recommend the key lime pie martini and coconut creme. They are even like a dessert drink.Ordered the scallops as an appetizer hoping they were the real winner, but they were just okay. Craving a filet mignon, I ordered as well hoping to have the best lunch and that also was just okay!! The sauce that was lathered on wasn't my favorite. Tommy Bahama's has a great vibe going, but I would probably come back just for happy hour.
5	I just had lunch with the girlfriends At TB and was pleasantly surprised.  We had a party of 16 chatty women and our server-Derek- treated us like royalty!  He gave descriptive menu recommendations that were spot on.  He managed to keep all of our orders straight, with a number of special requests, and his pacing was spot on. You always worry that service will be sub par with a big group-but Derek never missed a beat.  To top it off I ordered his suggestion, the Chicken Mango Salad-and it was the perfect meal for a hot summer day.  It had sweet, sour, crunchy, yumminess in every savory bite!  I will certainly look forward to my next visit!
5	I'm on a business trip and desperately needed to get off the "reservation" after three days of catered food at the same place.My friend and I asked for a recommendation from the Fairmont staff and they steered us to Ocean Club. After looking at the menu prices, we decided we couldn't do swing the extremely high cost. That's how we came across Tommy Bahama's.Not only was the food cheaper, but the restaurant vibe was much more chill. Exactly what we were looking for.I ordered the parmesan crusted sanibel chicken which also came with a side of mash and broccolini based on my waiter's recommendation. Great call. I especially enjoyed the red pepper cream sauce which went nicely with everything on the plate.I wish I had room for dessert. All of it was enticing but I had to pass for the sake of my waistline.Great service, location, food, atmosphere, and place to go for food, drinks, and to chill out with co-workers and friends.
5	There are few times in dining life when you instantly connect with a server. It has been that way for more than a year with Andrea at Tommy Bahama in Scottsdale.  Andrea has been providing us outstanding service that keeps us coming back an average of once a week since. Whenever possible we ask for her and you should do the same. Food is great, service even better, and we always feel like we've escaped to some tropical place. Relax and enjoy!
4	Seeking tropical excape in the oppresive Phoenix inferno? I'd suggest trying Tommy Bahama's. Went here for first time yesterday for lunch w/a friend. Decor was delightful - I felt like I was perhaps in Barbados again? *sigh* They used a lot of light colors as well as wicker/rattan (sp?) furniture, which worked well. I tried their Steak Salad (yum) and Pineapple Jalapeno Mojito. They paired nicely together. The cocktail was refreshing and unique, served w/a sugar cane stir stick. NOTE: be weary of the pepper seeds shooting quickly up your straw! Overall, it was a great experience! I only had the ask our server 1x to pls refill my water. But since I'm 1/2 camel, I couldn't fault the server.
5	This place exceeded my expectations. We had a fish sandwich appetizer and jerk pork with mofongo, which was excellent.  The server was really nice and the atmosphere reminded us of being in the carribean .  We commented that it felt like we were backin our honeymoon in st lucia! I would recommend it!
5	Gotta love a place that came up with the best team building idea ever!  Yeah.  you know what I'm talking about.  those "mandatory fun" things that companies make their employees suffer through to create "espirit du corps" and to have pictures of colleagues painting pottery together. freedom falling together, line dancing, anyway- you know what I'm talking about.So imagine my surprise and delight when this year's corporate team building activity was a drink competition between the various teams as we had to create a new cocktail with the liquors  and mixers provided and then the chef and head bartender would judge the winning concoction!  Talk about fun!  First we're drinking for a couple of hours to try to see what we wanted to make, and then we not only get to taste our teams drink but the other team's drinks as well.  Clearly the best "mandatory fun" I've ever participated in.And then we got to eat some of the specialty items off of the Tommy Bahama menu.  For appetizers- the coconut shrimp and goat cheese skewers were quite good.  for my entree, I had a  pounded chicken served with potatoes that was delicious and for dessert, the pina colada cake was a decadent indulgence.The decor is beachy, you can buy a Magnum PI shirt on the main floor and many of the drinks come with flowers in them.  But say what you want cuz Tommy Bahama's is okay in my book.  Afterall- they let me concoct my own new drink . . .we named it the Western Sunset.  I'm guessing you'll see it on a menu there soon!
5	I loved this place!! It was our first time and our waitress treated us to a complimentary goat cheese flatbread appetizer. It was incredible!!! The goat cheese was macadamia nut encrusted-could've eaten tons of the stuff! The blue cheese burger was awesome and the pork quesadilla was great. We also tried the crab bisque and the chicken tortilla soup. Both were great, but you have to get the bisque. You can taste the sherry and there are huge chunks of crab in it! The shrimp tacos appetizer is also great- big enough to eat as a meal. Enjoy!
5	Very nice atmosphere. we didnt like the pine apple signature cake since it had too much cream. But I was impressed that the manager came out and brought all the other choices for deserts and explained them individually and said we could pick anything on the desert menu..very professional and friendly staff...very prompt services. i do recommend the place. out door space is nice
5	Best Mai tai in Arizona. The food is great, service is spectacular.  You have to try the roasted artichoke and any of the burgers. Primo place to take the family.
5	Stopped here for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised. The waiter Jene was very good and friendly. We had the Scallop Sliders which were incredible. We also had the crab and avocado salad which also was delicious. Both dishes were very fresh and cooked to perfection.
5	The best place on Scottsdale for great good, friendly and fast service and awesome drinks. I love this place, (sorry Toby)!!!My server Andrea giving me the goose (Grey Goose that is) and Brandon who just had to get in a head shot...but a nice guy who is there if you need himIf you visit, and you should, their encrusted goat cheese is to die for and their salads are yummy too!
5	Andrea can multi-task better then any one else. Bartend and waitress without interruption!
5	The macadamia but encrusted goat cheese is to die for!! Salads as well Leap of faith drink is amazing!! As was our server Brandon!
2	Service was very good. Food was expensive for what it was. Not a great value in my opinion.
5	I was on a staycation with the hubby hanging out in Scottsdale at the westin when we decided to try out dinner at here. I researched the menu to make sure we could both find a couple options to try. I found the dining after dark promo where you get to select an appetizer, entrees, dessert and 2 Mai Tais for $50. Total bargain for a first time visit and not sure what we were going to end up with. We selected the poke appetizer and was so impressed with presentation and the freshness was awesome.  Next for entrees where I selected the macadamia nut crusted halibut and the hubby selected the jerk rubbed pork tenderloin. And WOW wow wow!! The halibut melted in my mouth and paired with the almond rice took it to another level. The pork was perfectly cooked and the balance of the rub was amazing.  Desert was eh, just okay. Hubby opted for the key lime pie which was so-so. We should have tried the coconut rum cake instead but was so full from dinner already! I have to say that the place blew my expectations right out of the water. I would definately take the 45 minute ride out to dinner again!Definately pleasant surprise.
5	Was there for Happy Hour on Thursday, August 28th.  Service was excellent and the food matched the service.  Our waiter, Carl, was extremely helpful and made the experience extremely enjoyable.  Definitely will return.
5	I'm going to make this as short as possible because I can seriously keep talking about this place for days. This is the BEST find yet. My boyfriend and I were roaming around several weeks ago at Kierland Commons looking for a place for dinner. After browsing through all the restaurants, we decided Tommy Bahama, just because the atmosphere outside seemed great and romantic. They have this Dining After Dark after 8 pm until August 31..so today..so if you read this today hurry up and grab someone to go!! It's $50 for a couple, and you get 2 super yummy Mai Tais with a real flower on top, an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert. The menu for this is very limited, but everything we had on there was heaven. We went here again last night and I really have to yelp this place because they deserve it. Last time we sat on the first floor listening to the music, this time upstairs sitting by the window looking out. Also, I was wearing a black dress and our hostess came back and gave me a black napkin instead of the white ones on the table. What? Wow, I was so impressed. If I dine in Scottsdale too often, I would be way too spoiled. Anyways, to the food. We got the goat cheese appetizer again and it is OMG SO GOOD. There's macadamia nuts, mango salsa, soft and fluffy goat cheese, and I just want some more now!!!We've tried all 3 entrees, and I would say the Snapper is the best. Their almond rice is delicious!! Although my boyfriend says he can't taste the difference between regular rice..Then of course pina colada cake for dessert. We were so full by then that we had to take the cake home. Had it for breakfast this morning and it is still oh so soft and moist :) Oh and by the way, their warm bread is SO warm and soft too :) The service has been great the past two times, and I would go back even without the dining after dark deal!
5	My husband and I were vacationing at the Westin Kierland and looking for a place to eat, based on the reviews we decided to try Tommy's. The food was excellent! The goat cheese appetizer was amazing. My husband had the Mahi Mahi with spinach instead of the quinoa. He said is was good but a little dry. I had the macadamia nut encrusted snapper which was fantastic!! My husband who isn't typically a rice lover finished off my almond rice. We ended the night with the delicious butterscotch pudding. Overall an excellent meal. Would certainly go back.
5	Grilled veggies with shrimp was fantastic, and Carl was very attentive and personable. I must come back for happy hour! I love when a restaurant has food AND drink specials. The varied seating options at this location make it special.
4	They really aim for impeccable service here. Nice! Because service can make all the difference in your dining experience. Our waiter was fantastic. He was knowledgable and friendly. And he let us sample several wines until we found the perfect pairing. I wish he could do something about the flies though. We chose to eat indoors so we could still enjoy the balcony view and manage to escape the bugs and flies outside. It wasn't his fault but we spent the entire night swatting away all the little buggers despite being indoors. Ugh. Came here for restaurant week and got to taste their jerk pork. It was fantastic! I should let you know that I was dining with my Jamaican girl friend band she attested that it was seasoned just right. She loved it too. Score! Dessert was great too. The rum cake and the key lime pie were both delicious. Yummy! The restaurant called me the next day to check on how my meal went. Wow! I haven't had a customer service follow-up call in light years. Everything was great.. Except for those darn flies. They were out of control.
5	"Save Room For Dessert" is what a sign should say when you walk in. The coconut cake looked delicious, along with the other options but I was too full from my delicious Parmesan crusted chicken and the jerk chicken tacos! The jerk chicken was almost as good as what you will get down in Jamaica. I also loved the mango ice tea that they kept flowing.
5	Great place for HH!! Our go to fave place to chill. Live music is always great and service is always excellent!
4	Even though today's visit was AWEFUL, I am still giving this place four stars. I love this place and I am a diehard loyal customer.  I can overlook one bad experience, but it still stinks to have spent my entire day here, celebrating my girl -friend's birthday and have it not meet my customary  expectations. My girl-friend had a birthday today, I told her I would take her and our other best friends out to lunch wherever she wanted.  She chose Tommy's.  She chose the place based on how incredible I'm always telling her it is.  There were four of us . I won't go into what we ordered because it was all delicious. The waiter was not good at all. I felt like he thought we were a bunch of middle aged woman who were not going to tip well, so he pretty much gave us mediocre service the entire time.  After he brought our lunch he hardly ever returned. Actually, he didn't even deliver our lunch, two other young men brought our lunch to us. We had warm, watered down glasses of ice tea, that were never refilled or replaced. We started off with mimosas and the birthday girl switched to beer, He brought her one Beer before the meal arrived and never ever asked if she wanted another. Another friend and I sat there eating our lunch with melted and watered down tea never having a fresh drink refilled. The man beside us had a birthday, the waiter brought out a beautiful chocolate cake with a lit candle. After. my g-friend opened her presents I asked for a dessert for the "birthday girl" and he brought out a sliver of pineapple cake, I said in a sweet, happy, upbeat voice, "It's her birthday , can we have a candle?" He said we don't have any. I mentioned that the man beside us had one, the waiter said "last candle, sorry" and walked away.  He never offered us cappuccino or coffee, which we all four would have ordered, nor did he bring by the dessert tray, that he took to every other table around us.    We saw him displaying the dessert tray to the table beside us and we looked over at how pretty it was, I made a comment to the waiter  " Why didn't we get to see the dessert tray" he just walked away. He never even brought it over after that. We would have ordered a few more desserts if he would have asked.   Our bill could have easily been another $100 above the $140 that it already was if he would have been attentive to us.    I took a picture of the gross, watered down, sweaty beverage glasses that sat on our table the entire time we ate. He came back very infrequently and when he did, he was so quick to take away a plate and leave, that we didn't have time to notice he was even there to request something before he was gone. He was like "swoosh man".     Anyway, all four of us felt very slighted and left feeling less than happy about our experience, ESPECIALLY me because I picked up the check.  I stilled  tipped him 18% out of habit and guilt I guess, but felt remorseful about it hours later after my girlfriends and I were STILL talking about our AWEFUL experience . Very dissapointed. He really did himself a disservice by judging us.:( :( I still love this place .  I just spent 2 weeks in Hawaii and lived half of our vacation at the TB in Whailea and Whalers Village.
4	Always fresh food with a little island twist. Staff is always courteous and on point. The chicken lollipops, macadamia rolled cheese and coconut shrimp are always delicious, but they've been on the menu forever. A little menu revamp wouldn't hurt, but I'm sure that has to come from corporate. This is the time of year to enjoy the patio with the space heaters and live music.
4	This was our first time to TB restaurant.  We had a Sunday afternoon lunch.  The setting is amazing.  Very nice patio.  Great service.  Attentive to every detail.  A fabulous bar with fresh drinks.  We had mojitos.Fish tacos great.  Crab bisque excellent.  The crispy fish was good, but pedestrian as fish sandwiches can be.  We'll be back.
5	Environment is so nice. Decorations are exotic, gets me thinking about vacation! Try the coconut shrimp it's awesome :)) and ask for emily!
5	Every time we come the food is amazing and the service is exceptional! Highly recommend this place.
5	Delicious food, magical atmosphere, incredible desserts, great management, great waiter! Thank you Tony for your generosity. It was completely over the top and we appreciate the gesture! If I knew how to make heart shaped icons on here, I would do a thousand in a row. Can't wait to come back.
1	Just called for reservations was told to call back they were busy. Wow really that's how you treat customers? Thank goodness there are soo many other great options -restaurants who understand what good customer service is
5	We had NYE dinner with friends and the food was great! The atmosphere reminded us of Hawaii. The coconut shrimp was the best I've ever had and the filet was perfection. Just be sure to save room for dessert!
4	Had lunch there today and Shane was our server. It was a busy beautiful sunny day on the patio but he was always available to meet all of our needs. Drank a fantastic pineapple mojito, enjoyed the crab cakes and steak salad. All were absolutely fantastic and would recommend them! The bread with the cinnamon/honey butter is definitely my guilty pleasure. The reason why I couldn't give them 5 stars today is because we split the large proportionate steak salad and they had us separate the food ourselves on the small 2 top table.
