4	We had Bistro To Go cater a bridal shower for about 48 guests in Pittsburgh.  I was planning from out of town, but staff was very helpful on the phone.  They recommended the perfect amount of food for the number of guests.  The food was excellent--we had sandwiches, salad, and pierogies--not fancy but much nicer than your average deli spread.  Price is great for what you get.  One slip--they forgot to include the vegetarian sandwiches I ordered--but the guy who delivered returned in 20 minutes with a whole tray of them.  Would most definitely use them again to cater a daytime, informal event in Pittsburgh.
4	On East Ohio St, friendly place, super nice people working and eating there and a good place to get a wide variety of fresh, healthy and well prepared food.I love the sandwhich with ham, cheese, green apples and onion on the bread cheese roll.Staff is always super attentive and pleasant.  Good for vegetarians, comfortable dining room.  Definitely worth going to for lunch and dinner for homestyle classic meals and some well done inventive dishes.
4	I came to Bistro-to-Go for the weekend brunch buffet, and it was very good. Eggs, bacon sausage, omelet station, and lots more. They also had pastries and self-serve juice and coffee. Plus, the staff is super nice and the decor is eclectic and fun. I wouldn't say you should search out this breakfast buffet since it was only above average, but it is a great place if you're looking for something different for breakfast.I'm also planning to head back for their lunch and dinner selections- the menu looks good and I expect the ingredients to be fresh.
4	Great place to grab a fairly priced lunch or dinner. Food is always hot and good! Staff is pretty friendly too. The cheesy jazz music takes away from the atmosphere, but that's just my opinion.
3	I fell out of love with this restaurant.  One good thing is the buttered rolls, which are baked fresh and very tasty.  However they stopped making a Greek salad that I really enjoyed, ever since that I have not been back.  I have no reason to eat here, I think there portion sizes are really small for the price that you have to pay and I can make more flavor jambalaya from a Zataran  box dinner.
4	This place was a great addition to the North Side.  Bistro To Go has daily specials, but every Wednesday they have a buffalo chicken mac & cheese dish that is amazing!  It's simply delish.  I ordered a pan of it for a friend's party and let's just say I was the most popular girl in attendance - everyone raved about it :-) The daily specials are a gourmet variety: cod, salmon, pork chops, meatloaf, pasta, etc.  The sides are less exciting, but the cranberry chicken salad is A+.  They have a charming courtyard, which is great for Spring/Summer dining.  The staff is friendly, professional, and accommodating and the atmosphere is airy and light - high ceilings and large windows w/ jazz playing in the background.  The presentation is perfection.  Keep in mind, it's a bistro/gourmet deli...so, not worth a trip across town, but you should most definitely give it a try if your in the vicinity (North Side, Strip District, Downtown, etc.).  You'll be pleasantly surprised!
4	This place has the greatest comfort food/southern kitchen. Their soups, sandwiches, and salads are amazing. I also fancy their homemade buffalo chicken mac & cheese... The staff is so friendly. Great place for lunch, sunday brunch, or a quick bite for dinner. Not really a sit-down place. There are several tables and they will bring your food out to you once you order at the counter.
4	My time here was short and my order was small but I was very impressed with the whole experience!  Service is EXTREMELY friendly, with everyone greeting you, asking how you are, if you need anything and just plain being nice.  I love that!  Plus, the "to go" is represented well with fast and prompt delivery of the goods... the food I mean!I was craving a chicken salad sandwich and surprise, it was on the menu as a raspberry almond chicken salad served on a croissant.  Done!  The salad part was very tasty, with enough mayo to satisfy my saucy needs, but not too little to make it dry.  The croissant was so moist and buttery.  It wasn't firm by any means, so the sandwich kinda fell apart.  It didn't matter tome though because it was VERY good!  I loved the help yourself iced tea as well.  They had two different kinds, a sweetened peach and regular unsweetened tea.  The peach was incredibly sweet so I mixed the two and it was just perfect.  I can't wait to go back and order up more items on their menu and also stop by Bistro Soul that's connected to this one.  And try this wonderful $10 brunch buffet I've heard so much about!
2	The food here is so underwhelming!!!  I left here hungry. I actually settled on this place upon finding out that Legends of the Northshore is closed for lunch on Saturdays. My boyfriend had lemon pepper tilapia that was dried out and shriveled.The food doesn't have any flavor. It taste like hospital cafeteria food, the end.  Actually I'd probably be able to get  a better  meal at the Allegheny General Hospital cafeteria.
4	I loved everything about this place!  Came in for lunch with a friend and was immediately impressed by the clean and cozy decor and delicious smells.  There is a set menu of sandwiches/salads that I am sure is worthy of attention, but before I could read more than two words I spotted the case housing the daily specials- meatloaf, crispy chicken, smothered pork chops, chipotle shrimp fettuccine, or gumbo topped with a choice of protein for the entrees along with sweet potato casserole, garlic mashed potatoes, mixed vegetables, and cajun greens for the sides.  I decided to go with the meatloaf, sweet potato casserole, and greens and my friend chose the fettuccine, ensuring that we would both be in a nice food-induced coma when we made it back to work.  The food came out within 5-10 minutes and everything was amazing.  All of the food here is made in-house from scratch and to top things off each plate also included a giant, buttery roll.On top of the great food, the service was outstanding.  Our server was incredibly friendly and was happy to stop and chat with us when we bombarded him with questions about the restaurant.  He also let us walk over to check out the section next door that is Bistro Soul, the catering part of the restaurant.  It looks like it would be a great venue for a smaller event (showers, retirement/anniversary parties, etc.).Only giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the hot entree prices seemed a little bit steep, but all together my food and drink came to a total of $12.75 and completely filled me up.  Also, their sandwich and salad options were a little bit less expensive (I think about $8) so were more comparable to typical chain lunch spots and if they are anything like the hot entrees are much higher quality.  One other definite plus- the drink selections included every single flavor of Boylan Soda (Birch Beer, Cane Soda, Creme Soda, etc etc).  Just add delicious on top of delicious.  They also allow BYOB.
5	Came here for a Sunday brunch before I went to the airport. Thought we had come to the wrong place, but little did I know. By day, this place is a caterer. By weekend, it's a full service traditional breakfast/brunch buffet. The food is exceptionally prepared, and I was wanting of nothing when there.There were all the traditional breakfast items: scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, hash browns, french toast... etc. There's an omelette bar as well, where one of the chef's will make an omelette to your choosing. There's also plenty of pastries, bagels, and fruit as well.Each dish is prepared very professionally, where I can tell that quality counts. The french toast does not taste like mass produced french toast, rather individually battered and grilled french toast. It's simply delicious.There is cranberry and OJ, and if you pour 2/3 OJ and 1/3 Cranberry, you get a delightful drink that is greater than the sum of its parts. Overall, I don't want to shoot myself in the foot with this place. It's definitely a gem, and I don't want it to get overcrowded, because the food here is prepared to an excellence as befitting its catering reputation. However, I feel guilty keeping this place to the select few that know about it.So go, and enjoy.
4	When choosing a caterer for our wedding, we were limited to three choices...  man am I glad Bistro was one of them.The pros:  Nikki (the owner) is an absolute pleasure to work with.  She was completely willing to modify their standard menus/packages to reach a set-up that met our needs.  We went for two tastings, and both times, we were amazed by both the quality and selection of food (along with our ability to consume and unbelievable amount of food in one sitting... come hungry!).  The catering for our wedding itself was professional, and the food wasn't incredibly different than what we tried at the restaurant (usually not the case).The cons:  One of our buffet items never made it to the line for the reception.  In addition, there was a mix up with our cake where they didn't cut enough and half of it ended up being left at the hall (ARGH!  the sorrows of wasted burnt almond torte!).Overall though, Nikki and the catering manager were great about admitting the mistakes and making it up to us, offsetting what would of otherwise been a 3 star review.Bottom line:  If you're looking for a caterer downtown or in the surrounding area...  Bistro is a great place to go to.
5	I gave my sister a bridal shower in the Bistro Company Room, it was fantastic all thanks to the great decor the food was fabulous and Nikki and Sarah made the affair so stress free. Oscar and his crew was also fabulous. Will be going back to have more parties.
4	I recently chose Bistro To Go as the caterer of our company picnic. They were very easy to work with for ordering and a wide range of options - not just the boring catering lasagna and chicken. We had them deliver to the house where the event was held, they set up everything very quickly, gave us everything we needed, and were on their way!Our guest LOVED the food. The hummus and dip spread was a hit with all kids and adults. The salmon had a yummy dressing. The burgers went quickly. The salad was fresh and the homemade dressing went perfectly with it. The one item people are still talking about it the black bean croquettes with spicy ranch. I have a co-worker even trying to find the recipe! Oh - and the pricing was very reasonable for the amount of food we ordered. Portions are pretty large, so either weigh your options of ordering less or preparing for leftovers!
2	We've been here several times and found that they serve homey food in a very relaxed atmosphere. The prices are pretty good, but this is a place I tired of because it is very homey and I can cook like this so why go out.Went for the sunday brunch that was advertised in an e-mail and was disappointed.It wasn't a brunch, only a breakfast with nothing spiecial. The eggs I asked for over medium were cooked over easy which means runny whites, so I couldn't eat them. The sides were mostly cold. The potatoes were good tasting but cold. The bacon was either raw or burnt and again cold. I didn't try the sausage or the french toast because I was afraid it was cold. The other thing that bothers me is that every buffet that I've been to has you use a clean plate every time you go get food and this place gives you one plate to use over and over. This means that if you use ketchup on your eggs and potatoes then you get ketchup on your sweet roll and fruit, yuck!There are better places to go for the money.
4	AMAZING creamy tomato bisque. I am always craving this soup now. The chicken salad sandwich on a crescent roll was a tad disappointing and bland, but still pretty darn good. I love their 1/2 soup and 1/2 sandwich combo, good deal for a delicious lunch, and they are very fast and friendly. Did I mention how cute the place is? Has that make-yourself-at-home feel. Comfortable, clean, affordable and seat-yourself. Definitely recommend the Bistro To Go.
3	There aren't a lot of food options for folks who work in Allegheny Center.  East Ohio Street can be a scary place with a unique mix of individuals (the fact that there are three pay day loan storefronts is a good indication ).  So it is nice to have a place that is a little nicer and offers variety .  There is a standard menu along with weekly specials.  Items are pre made and displayed and plated and heated when you order.  I've never had a meal here that I didn't enjoy, but I have been disappointed a time or two thinking I would love a dish and then just finding it to meh.  I like their sandwiches better than their hot entrees and you get a nice variety when you do the soup /sandwich combo.  My favorite is the chicken salad.  In the summer they have a cute outdoor seating area.  The unfortunate thing is that it overlooks the previously mentioned East Ohio Street.  It is worth a visit if you work in the area or need a good spot for a lunch meeting, but it isn't someplace to go out of your way for.
5	Love everything about this place!! Quick, quality food and friendly service. Seriously the staff is great!!! My go to for lunch! Always a great vegetarian option!
5	For my wife's birthday we along with nine friends celebrated a delightful evening at Bistro to go on a Friday for their Friday evening tapas.. The only complaint was that it was too much food.  The service and food were outstanding and with BYOB it was incredibly low cost . We all had a great time and would recommend going
5	Omg... I look forward to my weekly walk to the bank because I get to stop at this gem for lunch , food is made with heart and homemade recipes and the staff is absolutely amazing , def sticks out from all the other options for lunch in the city
5	A group of 7 of us went to Bistro to Go last Sunday for a birthday brunch.  The staff is so friendly and helpful and the food was delicious.  The highlight of my meal was the french toast but everything was great.   I have eaten on the other side as well and that food is amazing there too.  We also had our wedding catered from here a few years back and people raved about the food but that is a different story :).  They have a cute little outside space in between both restaurants with plants and cute hanging lights.  It's also byob so we enjoyed some mimosas on this beautiful Sunday morning.  I don't normally do reviews but felt it was my duty to share the good word about this place.  Go check it out!!!
5	We found this place while searching for wedding caterers, and I'm so glad we did!They were so helpful and accommodating with planing our menu and staying within budget. They have simple, good, well prepared food that you can't stop thinking about. We still come back every month or so to their restaurant and the owner recognizes us every time. I really can't recommend this place enough--if you're on the fence, just come in, you won't regret it!
5	Delicious and helpful! In-house or catering, Bistro has it all.I love the dishes and the service so much - Bistro catered my son's first and second birthday parties (and probably to his graduation and more!)Our guests were always happy and if there was any question (even on a Sunday at 1pm) we were given four-star service. Highly recommend!!!!!!!
1	Wow!  East Ohio Street can be a weird place with an eclectic array of individuals. Including a Pawn shop, drunks, criminals, seedy bars, and all the riff raff .  Troublesome location for a Bistro.  To add to the weirdness, all of their food is pre- made and displayed and served and nuked when you order.  Like gourmet cafeteria food on the fly... if you can picture that. They use a lot of gravy on everything assuming to hide the taste.On a few occasions,  I heard what would appear to be the owner yelling at the workers it made me feel uncomfortable so I just walked out. No one should be subjected to that kind of scrutiny. That wasn't the first time I heard dissention behind the counter either.  Because of the owner's dramatic behavior they have a rather dysfunctional crew. They moan when you walk in. Customer service is eliminated by the overall vibe.  In full,  if you like overpriced bland cafeteria style food, & an unhappy lot serving it to you... I'd say this is Pittsburgh's best bet. Highly Not Recommended!!!!!!!!!
5	I stopped here for a quick bite between stops while visiting family. I actually ended up next door at Bistro Catering for Sunday brunch. The French Toast was as delicious as promised (don't miss the sauce!), and the (owner? manager?) I talked with was super nice. I'll definitely come back for more!
4	This is such a cute little place!  The employees are extremely nice and they bring everything over to whatever table you are sitting at.  The food is tasty and they switch the menu up daily.  I cannot wait to start coming here more whenever the weather gets warmer, since I walk here from work on my lunch.
