4	This Macayos puts the bell road one to shame, they actually have service, get your order fast, cook the food like how you ordered, etc. etc. etc.  Every problem I have ever expierienced at the bell road Macayos this place makes up for 10 fold. They have a popular happy hour at the bar, not for me. Great mexican food and expierience.
4	My fave Mexican Restaurant in AZ, love the cheese crisps :)
3	First let me say, I love Macayos. I've been going there at least once a month if not more for almost 5 years. However, I'm not very impressed with this location. I was so excited when we found this one, because we thought the closest location was Awatukee. My husband and I have dined in twice and gotten take out once. Our first waiter was absolutely terrible. We were there for nearly 2 hours because he took so long with everything, the food was very good though. Our second visit was ok, the service was better, but the food wasn't as good. The mini chicken chimis I ordered had hardly any chicken in them. The same thing happened when we ordered take out, I was basically eating an empty eggroll. They also charged $3.50 for an extra small side of salsa, which they did not bother to inform us of when we placed our order. Their chips are always over or undercooked. Which is annoying, as chips are a part of the experience! All in all, I think we'll drive the extra 15 min. and go to the Awatukee location.
4	Good beer good food love this location. Baja sauce is awesome
4	Macayo's has been one of my faves for over 30 years. I was served a green corn tamale with the Baja sauce by mistake 25 years ago and it has been an addiction ever since.Dine in or take out, it's good food. Give the Baja sauce a try.
1	My husband and I thought we'd be able to have a nice little dinner at a Mexican restaurant, but it turns out it's party central. We saw girls walking in with slutty dresses and heels, and saw people in the back partying. If that's your thing, go for it. Looking for douchebag central instead of a restaurant? Drink away. This is for you.
2	These guys.. man it is frustrating.  They are right by a concert venue, so they should be used to crowds on concert nights.  You'd think it was their first time.  It takes waaaay too long to wait for a drink, and unfortunately, our bill was messed up.  Booo... however, they are close to the venue, so I will return.
5	Macayo's great food at a great price
2	I have always been a fan of Macayo's, but after stopping by for dinner last night, I will probably not be visiting this location again.First off, when pulling into their parking lot, there is a very visible sign notifying customers that Macayo's is not responsible for any items stolen from customer's cars. Not so good. If you are openly warning me that break-ins are frequent in your parking lot, why should I eat here if there is a safer option somewhere else?On the night I visited this location, four of us had stopped by to grab dinner before a concert. When we asked for a table, we were offered seats at the bar. No big deal - except that after we walked around the corner, we quickly learned that the bar was completely full. Back to the hostess station.We are now walked back to another portion of the restaurant that is almost completely empty. Huh. In any case, our server promptly brought us drinks and kept the chips & salsa coming until my brother arrived.One of my favorite entrees is the Baja Chimi, but I have to tell you that I was really disappointed with the one that I ate here. I chose shredded beef, but apparently at this location that includes gristle & fat that I don't normally receive at the other Macayo's locations. I'm not sure what the issue was here, but at least three times I bit into meat that was inedible.Our server was very attentive and kept things moving, so kudos to him for doing an excellent job. Hostess station...not sure what was going on there. As customers were leaving, they never even thanked them for stopping by - or even wished anyone a good evening. In fact, the girls in the front appeared to be spending more time talking to each other than to customers. This is really not THAT big of a deal to me, but if it were my restaurant, I would probably extend myself a little more to thank my customers for choosing me over another establishment.If you do decide to visit this Macayo's location before seeing a concert at the nearby Pavillion, plan on arriving there at least 2 hours before the show. If you arrive this far in advance, you will have no problem getting a table. One hour before the show and this place will be packed with concertgoers.I am still a Macayo's fan, and I will still frequent the Depot Cantina location in Tempe - but I will probably not be returning to this location.
4	Macayo's has great food but a poor happy hour. I was expecting kind of mediocre food based on the fact that it's a chain, but I was quite impressed with how fresh and flavorful the food was. I got the taco salad which was a lot bigger and healthier than most other place's taco salad. My boyfriend got the enchilada sampler which was amazing! The sour cream like enchilada sauce is really unique and delicious. The only negative thing were the happy hour margaritas. After 4 margaritas in about an hour (which normally would produce quite a nice buzz) all I had was a very full belly of liquid. I would recommend ordering regular drinks instead of the HH margaritas as a far more cost effective method of getting your tipsy on.
2	The honorable Mister Barack Obama came here to eat and quite frankly I don't see why.  Hopefully he was just in the area and this wasn't actually on his agenda.  The food was not all that great and the service wasn't up to par either.  The funniest thing about it was we were the only ones there on this particular evening.  Anyhow, I think there are probably better places to eat in the area.  The building is very large and multi colored.  The bathrooms were very clean and the booth we were in was comfortable.
4	Love the food and the happy hour on Friday and Saturday night.
4	This is an older location and the area is not an economically prosperous part of town like say Scottsdale, but do not let this dictate where you can eat.  The family and I enjoyed a nice dinner here when heading to a nearby Skechers Outlet store and yes, we would dine here again.  The food was very very tasty and explains why we have heard so many good things about Macayo's over the years.The service was friendly, helpful and genuine.No complaints here - all reasonable prices, and solid food.
2	Went yesterday after a doing a couple of errands with my husband to the location near 75th ave. on Thomas Rd. This was the worst service we've ever received. If I was rating the food, it is always 5 star but our waitress, Linda S. was so unprofessional. She took our order and when it arrived it was wrong but kept arguing that she just brought what we had told her and that she wrote down exactly what we ordered.  Then she just disappeared and was not available to us or the other table she was serving. It was before 5pm, so it wasn't busy at all. We ended up being there for over a hour for our "quick" dinner.  IF we go back to that location we'll make sure Linda isn't our waitress!
4	I love eating at this location. It is fun to have the guitar player that walks around serenade you! The food is always cooked well and the free chips and salsa is amazing too! Definately a place you can bring the family or just go for happy hour!
4	Great service and great food!
4	I visited Macayo's with a friend last night before a concert. The food was wonderful (love the half-price appetizer happy hour!) and we had great service. I was a little disappointed at the beer selection for happy hour. No Dos Equis Amber on draft but you have Corona Light? Bummer!
2	Happy Hour.  That's the only reason I will go to Macayo's.The food is sub par.  I have no idea how it can be called authentic. I do have friends who love this place and of course, to each their own.  I just can't.  Service is dependent upon the mood of your server.  You will either get prompt service with a smile, or the slowest service with a side of attitude!  If you're lucky you'll get the ever popular "eye roll".
5	The mango margarita is the BEST!
1	! Do not get tamales with Baja sauce...it's mush. Burritos were crap and on top of that they make you pay for meat?!?! What the faaaack who does that?!?!? Mango margarita was pretty bad. I think they just add liquor into a pre made smoothie which is way too sweet. I'll never come here again it was horrible
4	Good mexican food, rice and beans taste very traditional. I ordered the fish tacos, a little afraid that the fish would taste like freezer but it didnt, it was very fresh and delicious!! Service is always good, they refill your drinks at the right time and bring more chips before the basket is empty. THE ONLY THING I DONT LIKE is that the salsa is HORRIBLE, worst salsa I have ever had!!!! Out of a can, mixed with old salsa and who knows what else!!I had to tell the lady to change the salsa for a different one because I was not enjoying my chips. Other than that, food is delicious!!!! Enjoy!!!
5	Always come back for Javier's great service and Karaoke night!  Look forward to it every week!
2	I was very unimpressed with this Macayos.  I ordered a Diablo Steak, I believe.  It came with black beans and Baja Mashed Potatoes.  The beans didn't have a good flavor and weren't very hot.  The potatoes seemed as though.they were just sitting in a pot all day and were a little crusty.  My Margarita was very weak for 9 dollars. The service was decent and the steak was cooked just as i asked so ill give two stars
4	I've been visiting Phoenix 2-4 times a year since 1988, and almost every visit has included a dinner or drinks at Macayo's.  We still have our porcelain refillable mugs we bought way back then (though I'm not sure they still "do" that).  The huge dining room is open-aired and festive (though my wife prefers the darkened bar area) and everything I've eaten there is good, and the servers are always awesome (and my family can be a handful). My sister loves the special drinks the bartender makes (it's a Naked Iguana or Sticky Azalea or something) and my pescatarian wife says Macayo's has the BEST FISH TACOS ANYWHERE.
5	I had a big Margarita  novelty cup with only 3.99$ refills! I'm definitely coming back! The server was super nice, great service!
5	I have no regrets ! . I had been to manuels mexican food the day before for lunch and had the same thing I ordered today . For an actual cheaper price and better quality Macayos delivered!I ordered a basic cheese crisper with grilled chicken and it came out hot and really cheesy. And it was 9.95.  Manuels yesterday it was 8.95 WITHOUT chicken and seemed to barely have cheese ..Our server was great ! He refilled our drinks every 3 min or every time we took a drink , braught multiple bowls of chips and salsa . And checked to see if we needed anything.
