1	Barbeque Barbecue bbq BBQ No one would serve me!  (Yelp compels me to give this place 1 star . Unfortunately 1 star greatly overrates my experience)This is a bar half of which is a restaurant.  I entered at 12:30pm for lunch thinking I would try their BBQ.  After 10 min of sitting in the restaurant area with one other table of people nobody came over to take my order.  I even tried to flag someone down, but I couldn't arouse much interest.I left, but it's just as well.I had plenty of time to examine the menu and the prices seem out of line with other bbq places such as Memphis Championship bbq.  Also the interior of the place was not very inviting even by bar standards.
4	i ordered the meat sampler-pulled pork,beef brisket & hot links w/hot bbq sauce $8.95this place is truly a hidden gem. a small tavern that smells of bbq smoke from blocks away. very clean & the waitress/bartenders are terrific, very friendly & helpful. even if you don't like bbq, 5 minutes of sitting here and smelling that delicious smoke will make you hungry. check out their site by clicking on any image for the full menu. the beef brisket was super tender & juicy with a great smoke flavor. the pulled pork was the same and the links were really hot, maybe a little too hot for some. the sauce is served on the side & both the hot & sweet were some of the best sauce i have ever tried. the portion was very decent for an appetizer. the entree portions are very large. they also serve the famous "sin city" microbrews here. this has been voted best bbq in las vegas several times and i have no doubt why. the place was dead though only 2 other customers which is a shame because alot of bars only survive on their gaming and several bars in the neighborhood have closed in recent months. hopefully this place will still be around providing some of the valley's best bbq. i highly recommend this place for great food, fun atmosphere and wonderful service. the bartender, beth is smokin hot!!! not a phony vegas barbie but a real lady!!
4	Restaurant Closed, Bar Still Open: I am sad to report that as of my attempt to visit on Sunday, February 8th, 2009, BBQ Masters Tavern has succumbed to the economic malaise and has discontinued its food service.  This place is now merely a slot bar with no more delicious barbeque smoke wafting about.
1	Barbecue Masters Tavern has closed
