2	I've been there for lunch a couple of times.  The food is ok pretty much typical of a chain, if a little pricey for lunch.  Plan on giving the place a solid hour even when not busy, the kitchen is slooooooow.
2	I should have known better to go to Uno anywhere other than Chicago, but it was late and I was hungry.Service was fine....I don't know what to say...expensive, restaurant should have been MUCH cleaner considering there was only about 10 people there.
1	Uno Chicago Grill offers a terrific menu, including their irresistible Deep Dish Chicago-style Pizza where every last bite (including the crust!) is delicious. I've frequented Unos numerous times in multiple cities, including Orlando, Rochester & Syracuse NY, and, of course, the original Pizzeria Uno and Pizzeria Due in Chicago. However, the Uptown UNO in Charlotte is a disgrace to the UNO name. Twice now, we've attempted to eat there, only to be met with poor customer service skills at the hostess stand. The first time was an early evening, and there were about 10 people (different parties) in line, empty tables...and nobody being seated. After five minutes of not seeing any hostess, we left. The second time, we visited in the afternoon for lunch. We were pleased to see that there were people actually dining in there, several empty tables, and only one couple waiting to be seated. We watched as the first couple were seated. Needless to say, the one hostess on duty never returned. Having watched her every step of the way in seating the last couple, it seemed like she was just wandering through the restaurant aimlessly, not doing much of anything. And she never acknowledged us previously either. We waited for about five minutes, watching her, not doing much of anything. That's when I took action and walked over to her to remind her that we were waiting to be seated. She unenthusiastically walked back to the hostess stand with me. She looked around at the several empty tables and said, "It'll be about 10 minutes." Enough was enough. We left. Do yourself a favor: Go to UNO when you're in ANY other city except Charlotte!
3	Let me start by saying that I don't like Uno's to begin with. My friend convinced me that I should give them another chance. While the food was better than I remembered, it was just okay. Reminds me of a Friday's, only with pizza. I think their pizza is, again just okay. They didn't have blue moon on tap or in the bottle but it was listed on the menu. Boo. However, if you need something quick and aren't that pickey, be my guest.
2	The lunch special at the Pizzeria Uno is a good deal, so that must be why we keep going back even though we have terrible service time after time. Don't go there if you're looking for a quick lunch. The servers are usually absent-minded and it takes a while for your food to come out. The pizza is all right, but as a Chicagoan, it can't compare to the true deep dish pizza back home. If you go, the flatbread quesadillas are a good dish to try.
3	I have fond memories of Uno. I watched a football game with a friend here last year, and she drank until she puked underneath her bar table. It was shameful, and I like to tease her about it. Yep, that's my friends.Uno is a little generic, but the food is good and the prices are right. There's a decent bar. The service is a little sloppy and slow, but it's kind of what you'd expect for this type of place.I really like the giant peanut butter cup dessert. It might actually be why I keep coming back in spite of the spotty service.
1	My co-workers and I stopped by here because downtown Charlotte looks like a ghost town at night and didn't find anything too compelling from fellow yelper's so we went stopped here since we were all familiar with it. Hate writing about larger franchise restaurants but wanted to let people know about our horrible experience. The wait staff seemed like we were a nuisance for patronizing their pizza shop and the attitude resonated for the duration of our meal. We sat outside where homeless people bummed for money and we saw a fight with plenty of profanity (felt bad for guests w/ kids) between a local and one of the bums who tried earlier to act like we bumped into him knocking his food on the sidewalk (expecting you would feel sorry for him and fork over some $$). When we ordered our waitress said "I wouldn't get the soup right now" when one of us tried to order some which made us all question the safety/age of other menu items. The food took forever to get and the waitress kept asking if we wanted more beer every time she came by. The beer she recommended "Red Oak" a local beer didn't please any of our pallets which made the wait even longer. 4 of 5 orders came out with something wrong so (big surprise) so we just sucked it up and got out of there ASAP. I apologize for the long review but this place was so bad I had to share my experienceDefinitely won't be back
