4	I've always known that you could get fitted for bra sizes in Victoria's Secret but never given it much thought to do so till recently. So, I decided to go to this Victoria's Secret since it's easier to get to from where I live. Before I went here, I went to Walmart to get fitted. Needless to say that was the worst mistake I ever made. That's another review in itself. To get back on track, I was helped by a really sweet and patient girl named Jessica. She was constantly busy but never forgot anyone's names. I was very impressed by her. She knew exactly the styles I was looking for and what would feel comfortable to wear. Just by looking at my figure, she knew what size I would be. Although, she had a little help with the measuring tape to confirm her guess. I was there for about an hour and bra after bra, I finally found the ones I wanted. However, last minute thoughts prevented me from purchasing any of them. I felt that I was being too impulsive with all the bras in my hand. So, I gave them back and walked out. All in all, the service was top notch, and everyone was super nice in the store. I wasn't even dressed nice, almost looked like I was homeless with no fashion sense. But, despite how I looked, they all accommodated to me with a smile and friendly face. I definitely would come back here again.
5	Ok so I forgot to pack a strapless bra for my trip to Vegas...I know, so sad....Anyhoo I bounced into this particular VS to grab one and go.  I asked one of the little sales girls, Bree, where the best push-up and padded strapless bras were, she gave me 2 and sent me into the dressing room.So once in the dressing room I felt my usual size wasn't fitting me that well.  I would usually not ask to be fitted (I feel like the girls are usually  too young to even know whats going on there)  However this case was different.And sure enough--I was wearing the wrong size strapless!  Dixie was so sweet and smart and knew everything!  I just loved her!  Great experience, great customer service overall:)
3	It's just like any other location but I do have to add that the staff was very nice and helpful.  It's only downfall was that the only cash wrap area is located in the fragrance area which I'm very sensitive and allergic to.  :(
3	I love to shop at Victoria Secret, but this is not my favorite location in Las Vegas. The employees are always very helpful, offering to do bra fittings if I need them, suggesting cute panties to match the bras I like, letting me know about special deals, and helping me find my sizes... or at least trying to find my sizes. I will sometimes get lucky and find the right bras in the right color and size, but when it comes to everything else I seem to strike out. On my most recent visit I wanted to get some of the super comfortable PINK! yoga pants in a specific print but they only had extra smalls. The visit before that I wanted to take advantage of the discounted prices on panties if you purchased 5, but I was not able to find 5 in the size and style I wanted.  All too often this happens, so I make most of my purchases at the Galleria Mall store. If you are at Town Square and need something from Victoria's Secret it's worth stopping in mainly because the employees are very helpful. But it is not worth a special trip to Town Square in my opinion, there are too many other Victoria's Secrets with better selection in Las Vegas.
4	Located inside Town Square, this Victoria's Secret is smaller than the ones inside of Caesars and PH but this is my default stop for bras and panties. Since it is slightly off the Strip, it's rarely busy so I can find an eager associate to assist me. I stopped in yesterday to get a bra and panty set that I saw on an ad (so I would assume it is popular) and they had my size as well as all of the surrounding ones to ensure the perfect fit. They usually have a good amount of stock compared the other locations because they're slower. If I'm looking for an item, Ceasars will usually recommend I try Town Square's VS if they're out. However, they are definitely lacking in the swimsuit and lingerie department. If those are the items you're searching for, go to Caesars.
5	I absolutely love VS items.  I stopped in since they were having a sale on their panties 7/$26.   Love it!  They have such a huge variety of colors and prints along with styles that you can mix and match for the sale.  Their display was kept very clean and organized even with people going through finding sizes and what not.   I decided to check out some bras also.   In my opinion, they are the most comfortable and of course sexy! I've tried to go the cheap route for bras and they just can't compare to what VS has to offer.  Like the panties, there is a huge variety of colors, prints and styles.  I love that the drawers located beneath the items are clearly marked for sizes and makes it very easy to find the size and color you want and need.   The ladies behind the counter were very friendly and helpful!  The cashier helping me was courteous and cheerful.  A great show for customer service.  Overall a great shopping experience for me but it usually is!~On a side note,... my husband might have been disappointed as there were no actual Victorias Secret 'Angels' in the store.    He can dream right?
5	Was here Thu/26 Sep about 8:30 pm with my buddy:- He was buying stuff for his fiance so I was looking for a place to sit down.  I asked an employee and she got another employee to bring out a chair, which they insist they do all the time for customers wanting to sit down.- Unfortunately I couldn't get cellular internet service on my phone, but it may have been my HTC Inspire or AT&T service.
5	I agree with the previous review from Sarah about the sizing etc... I know that VS has been notable for good measuring and quality.  I was totally impressed by the recent visit I made at the town square location.  I went in later than I had hoped, regardless Liz attended to my needs very quick and professionally.  I have worked retail before and I know that the typical closing procedure is very critical for time management. because, I went in an hour before their closing, I didn't think I was going to treated with high quality service. lol. I liked Liz's demeanor and tactic.  honestly, the past front end clerks have not really impressed me, even though I know they have a expectations/goals to meet, in the past they have been a little on the pushy side.So, if you do go in please be more patient with the floor staff, because they are not just putting up with you but cleaning up after the sloths, yes... the unorganized gals that just pop in for a freebie and make a mess!  definitely, ask for deals and get on their mailing list! I got a birthday credit recently and that made me happy.  I am not sure why the cell service sux in there, but I do like that they accommodated my mum with a chair while I was in the fitting room.  Thanks to Liz and your coworkers!
5	This place is simply amazing. Any time my wife is sad, I take her here and the blues are gone. Ty Victoria for your secrets.
1	Came here a couple weeks ago with my girlfriend to do some shopping while we were at Town Square, and had a terrible experience - not with the products or store (which was great), but with the attitudes of the associates, which caused us to leave angry and with a sour taste in our mouths.We picked out a handful of items to purchase and went up to the register to wait in line. Since the gf is an Angel cardholder, she received multiple coupons and we asked if we could use them in the same transaction and were told we could, so we handed them all to the cashier. Once she scanned all the items and the coupons, and we paid, I noticed that 1 of the coupons was not taken off the total and I asked if they could fix it for us. The cashier was rude and interrupted me while I was trying to explain the situation, as if she was trying to contest me and then challenged us and said that we must've mistaken how many we handed to her. Uhhh I know I to count and are you calling me a liar? Why don't you pull surveillance then! She ignored me! I work in retail and there are no excuses to this kind of attitude/treatment from a store employee, especially at a brand that is supposed to have good service...and all over $10 too!Needless to say, since I had to make several complaints to corporate in order to get my money back, I will never be shopping at this location again!
1	So, I'm not the biggest fan of the quality of VS products but I wanted a little something special for Christmas and did not want to go to a department store.  When I asked the associate about a larger cup size she guessed my size at 38 instead of 32!  I felt instantly fat.  I just waived it off and let myself believe that she was not good at her job.  When I asked about the largest cup size in a 32 band she gave me bras even though I asked for a lingerie size.  I sucked it up and went into the dressing room.  I know from custom bra fitting that the band is supposed to be doing the support, not the straps.  When the associate in the room asked how I was doing I told her the 32DDD was not fitting and she said, "I'll get you another size."  She did not even measure me!  I heard her say, "Oh yeah.  The one with the triple ddd's," very rudely to another associate.  She them came back with 34DDD. I  reluctantly tried them on and when she came back I asked her to come in for her opinion.  She looked at me and said, "You need to go to a place like Nordstrom.  You're a 32G and we don't carry that."  When I tried to ask her she was very rude and let the room quickly.  Women are made in all sizes and shapes.  They made me feel awful!  I wanted lingerie and instead left feeling like crap.'  They did not even measure me which is standard for the store.Management and/or corporate needs to take another look at the staff and how they work with clients.
5	Everyone here was super helpful and friendly. This is the only VS in town that I can say this about (have not been to any VS in the NW part of town.). They made sure I was aware of sales and were personally familiar with their products. So glad I finally found a VS in town where I don't feel judged and ignored.
5	Go to Secrets once a month, the girl that helped me was the best yet. I would drive the extra couple miles out of my way to come to this location just for the nice fast service. I like to get in and out due to usually being with my bf and he just tells me I spend too much and don't need anything and always in a rush O-O
