4	It was time for a semi-annual trip to have my teeth cleaned.  I don't have dental insurance & last time was a semi-disaster, trying to save money by going to Arizona School of Dentistry in Mesa, so this time I Googled dentists in my neighborhood.  Lo & behold, there was a little yellow thing to click on the Google map, & receive a coupon to print out for this place & download, right there on the map, to have my cleaning done for $29!  Anything less than about $65 is a bargain!  I called & made an appointment for today.The staff members, including Dr. Yakov Khaydatov, were friendly, & did a great job.  My only complaint is that the appointment took a total of an hour & twenty minutes, due to long gaps between each step of the process... taking X-Rays, Dr. looking at them, Dr. looking at my mouth, then scaling my teeth, & then, eventually, girl doing the final polishing.Minus one star for the time gaps, but I feel that I have found a good dentist for the long term.  Recommended!     :-))
5	Ok, I'm not a fan of going to the dentist.  (Is anybody?)  Once we get past that, I came in to see Dr. Khaydatov today for my regular cleaning, which is supposed to be every 6 months, but hey, once a year is enough drama, right?  Anyhow, here's how it went today:I was seen on time, & my procedure went right along...  x-rays, exam by Dr., prep for cleaning by assistant Peyton, & then cleaning actually performed by Dr. Khaydatov.I am 100% happy with the service I received here today.  Both Dr. Khaydatov & Peyton are friendly & professional, & the receptionists are nice too.  Also, the prices here are have been very reasonable, with no effort made at any time to try to oversell me services, electric toys, or anything else.It's an easy 5 Stars for this DC Dental Group office & I absolutely recommend them!!     :-))
5	I went to DC Dental for a cleaning, exam, and x-rays today. The entire staff was kind, friendly, and helpful. Dr. Khaydatov performed my exam and cleaning, and had a great bedside manner. I used a coupon to get my services for $29 (which I found here: http://mydcdental.com/coupon/) and was worried that the staff would try to upsell me or convince me I needed services that I didn't need, but nothing could be further from the case. I received wonderful care and a clean bill of dental health, so I'm good for another 6 months!
5	The other day I had one of my back teeth fall apart out of a clear blue sky!     :-OSo I whipped straight on in here to have Dr. Khaydatov & Co. take a look at it.  They quoted me a price for a root canal & crown, which induced sticker shock!  I've never had any major dental work done before so I didn't know how expensive it can be, & I didn't have insurance.  I did make an appointment though, as you can't really eat Buffet without teeth!     :-)Back home I Googled the prevailing rates for this work to be done & discovered that their price quote was actually LOW for the Valley here!  Then on top of that, Dr. K. was able to save the root, saving me (lots of) money, & office manager Brenda helped me save more, including letting me join their inexpensive dental plan & have the savings applied to this treatment!Now here I am with my beautiful new crown!  It looks & feels completely natural, & I can still afford to go out to a Buffet!Woohoo, these great professionals really put YOU first, & the whole staff here is friendly too!!     :-))
5	As a member of their Dental Plan (inexpensive & saves a lot on each visit!), I came in today for my regular semi-annual Scaling & Polishing.  As always, it was a top quality experience all the way with Dr. Khaydatov & the team, & at LOW cost.It's still a big 5 Stars from here, & it shouldn't be like pulling teeth to get YOU to come down here too from anywhere in the Valley, & make these guys the go-to professionals for your dental care needs!  It's one of my favorite Valley businesses, & I think you'll like them too.     :-))
5	I must admit I have never been the biggest fan of going to the dentist.  After finding them on the Internet, and since they were in convenient locations, I chose DC Dental.  Thank goodness I did!  Not only did a find a great dentist, they helped me with a lingering tooth problem.  Did I mention at a fair price?Thanks so much..............A patient for life!!!!JDA
5	Eek, it's back to the dentist!     :-ONo, I'm kidding!  Came in today for my regular cleaning, & getting dental care here is just as pleasant as it can be.  Dr. Khaydatov, office manager Brenda and the rest of the staff here are really nice, & I always find everything to be right about the dental care I receive.  Not only that, with membership in their inexpensive Dental Plan, treatment costs are LOW!     :-)This is one my favorite area businesses and I would recommend coming here from anywhere in the Valley to make "Dr. K" & Co. your go-to place for excellent dentistry.Now excuse me.  It's time to go try out my newly polished teeth on...  A BUFFET!     :-))
5	I don't know if I'm biased from my old dentist, but the Chandler office was GREAT! The doc was gentle on my teeth, and was very friendly. Definitely a fair price for the care I got, I didn't feel like I was being ripped off or lead to believe I had some non-existent cavities. I'll be back next time I'm visiting the parents.
5	It was back in today for my semi-annual teeth cleaning appointment with Dr. K.  As always, I encountered a friendly staff and completely professional service at low cost.  I don't "love" going to the Dentist (are we supposed to?), but I do love how shiny & clean my teeth are now & still recommend Dr. Khaydatov and this excellent dental practice 100%.Your teeth want this place!!     :-))
5	Dr. Khaydatov treated my family member and we were really happy with the results. He was very professional, attentive and pleasant to deal withl. We are definitely coming back to see him and the staff!
5	Came in this morning for my semi-annual scaling & polishing & just wanted to give a brief shout-out to say it's still 5 Stars for Dr. Khaydatov & this TOP dental practice, just as it has been for my 7 visits since I discovered them a little over 3 years ago!I would recommend driving from anywhere in the Valley to become a patient of this quality, relatively inexpensive dental practice.     :-))
5	I had a tooth go south on me a couple of days ago and it was time for a regular cleaning anyway, so I called in here for an appointment with Dr. Khaydatov and came in this morning to get everything taken care of.  As always with this place, I was seen on time, "Dr. K" and the whole team were friendly and professional, and I was in and out of there in good time and for a very reasonable fee.I know none of us "likes" going to the dentist, but once we're past that I just can't say enough about how much I appreciate this 5-Star dental practice being here!     :-))
