5	Amazing pizza. I love Chicago Style deep dish pizza. This is the best that I've ever had, and my entire family agrees. This is the only place we will go for pizza now! The owner was extremely friendly and talked to my parents for quite a while. This was also the heaviest pizza we have ever ordered. They aren't kidding when they say they put a lot of toppings on, but it's a good thing.
4	Good pizza. Lots of it. Ordered two med size pizzas felt like I was carrying a med size turkey to the car. Takes a long time to cook ,so order before your hungry. They will tell you how long it should take . A second mortgage may be needed it is a bit high priced. Again you do get what you pay for.
4	Who has two thumbs and loves Fatmans? THIS GUY! Hours are a bit odd, but waiting for those doors to open is worth every delicious bite of that menu.
5	Love it. Very good and generous. Very happy about the move, as it is even closer. WARNING: you will be very full
5	I'm a pizza snob and sorely miss Geno's East and Ricobini's back in Chicago. Fatmans is the best Deep Dish Spinach I've had in years!2 slices of the 14" and I was full & happy. This is the real deal. I swear.
5	They have the BEST sausage!  They know how to make a good pizza.  Best pizza I have had in the East Valley.  He gets the cheese imported from Wisconsin and the sausage from the Southside of Chicago.  The owners are very nice.  If you are from Chicagoland and want a yummy thin sausage pizza, COME here.
5	We just finished The Works pizza from Fatman's Pizza. I'm not going to claim to be a pizza connisuer, but this pizza was delicious!!! It had everything we wanted for our first pizza since moving down to Mesa on Nov. 1st. We will definitely be back!!!
5	We went here on the recommendation of a friend, who told us it was the best Chicago-style pizza she had ever had outside of the Windy City, and she was right. It was delicious, with a fantastic combination of cheese, sauce and crust cooked to perfection. We'll definitely go back again!
5	We had the stuffed pizza and would definitely go back again. If you plan on having the stuffed pizza I recommend calling about 1 hour ahead of time because it takes a long time to make.
5	Best pizza I have found here in the East Valley.  The high quality ingredients they use make the difference between a good pizza and a great Pizza.It's not fine dining decor, but that is not why I always return. Keep up the high quality ingredients along with the excellent tomato sauce and the stars will continue to be high.
5	Fantastic food. Fabulous staff. Drove from Mesa/Tempe area for a great pizza and family friendly staff. Affordable even for a family of five. Will definitely be back!
1	I've ordered delivery from here before, and it had previously has been a pleasant experience. After a very frusterating phone call to order 2 pizzas on a what-should-be easy and slow tuesday night, I gave up and ordered pizza hut. The girl at the other end was completely unprofessional and was distracted by someone else talking to her, I even had to ask her stop listening to the other people and to listen to me. She didnt even notice I had ordered 2 different pizzas with two different toppings by the time I had her read me back the order. Then she said my one pizza was going to be burnt because they were going to go in at the same time? I was so frusterated that i told her to cancel the order. I hope this was just a one-time thing, because I really do like their pizzas.
4	Moved to Mesa less than a year ago and we've been desperately searching for a good ole chicago style pizza place.  We're happy to report we found it in Fatman's Pizza.  Great deep dish pizza from a guy that's actually from the north side of Chicago.
5	By far the best pizza I've had in the east valley. I highly recommend the deep dish. Best I've had since living out east and the staff are very friendly. If you intend to eat in the restaurant, order deep dish pizzas ahead of time. Like a true deep dish, they cook for quite a long time but are well worth the wait
2	Pizza very mediocre.  Had deep dish sausage.  Pizza seemed under cooked in the middle and outside crust a bit on the well done side.   Lots of cheese.  Sausage just ok.  Place itself needs updating.  Waitress very sweet and helpful.  Can't see going back.  Too bad. I'm Kind of a pizza snob always looking for great pizza.  Went from Avondale to Apache Junction to try this.  Sorry environment.  Wasted finite resources.
4	Very good pizza for Arizona. It is a Chicago style place, I am from NY so I am a harsh pizza critic. I paid $24 for an 16 inch thin crust loaded with toppings, sounds pricey huh? Well me and my buddy ate 2 slices each and were full and we are not small guys with small appetites either. I have ate twice there and my only complaint is it is a bit slow to get food out but well worth the wait. Oh, one more complaint, get a location in Tempe, AJ is too far from me. ;-)
5	Moved to Mesa 3 months ago from Chicago. Did a search for Chicago style pizza and found this place. I ordered 2 thin crust pizzas and I had to run to the store before I picked them up.  I was running a little bit late and they actually called to let me know my pizzas were done and ready to be picked up. I picked them up and when I got home they were still hot and fresh. Coming from Chicago I am very particular about my pizza. This place is the best place I have found so far for pizza and I have tried all of the pizza places around me.  I look forward to trying the deep dish next time.
5	This Wisconsin girl is HAPPY!  Once I bit into the cheese bread I had to ask and sure enough, the cheese IS from Wisconsin and the meat is brought in from Chicago!!  WOW, I'm amazed.  The pizza was the best I've had in Arizona so far and the Chicken Parmesan was just as awesome, not to mention HUGE portions!!  On top of all that, the owners were so nice and you could tell they genuinely cared about your opinion on the food.  My new favorite place for sure.
5	They are gluten free friendly and the sauce is spectacular. Most pizzas are ready in 20 minutes. The service is good and the owners always come out to greet you like an old friend.
5	I can't tell you how reassuring and happy-dance-making talking to the owner of a pizza joint who knows what gluten is makes a celiac. I called before we went in to see how they prepare their gluten free pizza. They use the same oven, but it's got it's own special tray and they are very careful. It's rare to feel safe when ordering at a restaurant when gluten is so prevalent. My mom and her bf got onion rings to start with. Nice and crispy they said. I had a salad. They weren't sure if dressing was gluten free, so they brought me oil and vinegar which works for me. My mom and her bf got "the works". It did take 40 minutes to get to our table, but they warned us. They have limited oven space and the restaurant was full. They were moaning with happiness over their pizza. The gluten free pizza wasn't the best, but that's because gluten free crust kinda sucks anywhere you go. The toppings were still nice and fresh and the sauce flavorful. The service is what is giving this place the five stars! The couple that owns the place checked on us twice, making sure my mom was happy and letting me know my pizza was safe. The waitress was also sweet. She refilled my mom's boyfriend's root beer about six times. If you're a local I'm sure you've been here. If you're visiting, put it on your to do list =).
4	Really good food, and as a girl from Chicago, REALLY good Chicago style pizza. The bad? the decor really needs a revamp, chairs/tables in particular, it just looks like they live above it, thats how homey and cafeteria-esk it is. Also they have a small oven, so if its busy AT ALL, your going to be WAITING, so go to hang out, its not your place if your in a hurry.The food really does shine, and I really do recommend it, sometimes the best places are the family run "hole-in-the-wall" places you just wouldnt think would be amazing BUT ARE!
3	I always love the pizza.  Tonight, we ordered chicken strips (pretty hard to eff up) for the kids & they were over done.  A burger (which was fine if you like frozen patties).  And a french dip (no complaints)..... The big issue for me, was that I live 2 miles away and it took 1hr 40min for delivery.  The food was still hot when it got here, so it wasn't the driver's fault.  My order was obviously ignored for a while.  Irritating when I have 3 small, hungry kids.
4	They really shouldn't take a 3PM reservation, as they stop serving lunch at 2:30, and all they had was a bar menu. That would have been nice to know. As bar menus go, it was very good.;
5	While walking down the mile, my bf and I kept noticing this place everytime we walked by. We eventually went inside to come and check it out before we went to the airport, and we were pleasantly surprised. The place acted as a store with some italian food items you could take home. They had a variety of pastas, sandwhiches, breakfast items, and desserts that it was hard to decide just one thing I wanted. This place makes for a great breakfast or lunch spot. It isn't a must see in my book, but suggest checking this place out if you have the time. Being located right at the Hancock tower, I think you will find it hard to miss.
2	I've been wanting to try fatmans since an article in the paper several years back, just never had the opportunity to try it. Now that they moved to a more convenient location I was excited to try the pizza. We got the deep dish and the presentation was amazing. The pizza was loaded with cheese and toppings the crust was cooked perfectly. But once I got the pizza home it severely lacked flavor.  I am very disappointed
1	First time ordered a large 2 topping thin crust pizza and wings. Pizza very bland, too much sauce. Mushrooms you could tell were  from a can or jar and placed under the cheese. Wings hardly had any flavor or sauce for being medium, ranch was watered down.
1	The only reason I am giving it one star is because there is no option for zero stars. This restaurant needs to stop advertising that it's "Chicago" Pizza...not even close!!! This pizza is all cheese and it's disgusting! If you want Chicago Pizza order Lou Malnati's online and have it shipped. Otherwise Rosatis isn't bad. Just don't go here thinking you are getting pizza from Chicago because you aren't!!!
5	As a frequent patron of Cafe Boulud prior to this Fatman's Pizza & Grill experience, Fatman's Pizza & Grill did not disappoint and was outstanding as expected. The quality and formality was a step above.
