2	Came in here with a group on Sunday, for lunch after work, not what I expected. This is starch & starch heaven, not my idea of a good lunch. They specialise in   pancakes which come wrapped around 2 pieces of fried dough, and dumplings as well as, of course, bubble tea. I was not at all impressed with the pancakes nor the dill dumplings , which were simply filled with glass noodles and some chopped dill. The cabbage stuffed dumplings were a bit better, but only because there was actually SOME veggie filling. The green tea was hot and enough for 3 people.  As to the policy of opening the entry door and leaving it open on a frosty winter's day, what is that all about?? We were freezing and it was very cold outside!  Not impressed at all.
3	Jianbing pancakes tasted alright, although they are a bit too expensive in my opinion as their portions are not as big comparing to what I usually have back in China.I'm complaining about their service here. Seriously, the waiter needs some coffee. He looked sleepy, walked like he just got out of bed, and didn't bother to refill my water.
4	We went in for lunch with some reservations based on the reviews online but were pleasantly surprised. We had quick friendly service and great food . Our order consisted of the peanut dumplings, Chinese pancake , garlic pork and the lamb and coriander dumplings. I would repeat the same again with no doubt. I do think the peanut dumplings were exceptional though and are worth a try. Happy eating!!!
4	Great simple and tasty hand-made dumplings
4	Terrible service, fantastic dumplings. Totally worth going.
4	I was there with my wife on a friday eve nice and clean place....not crowded for that time...not many ppl can be accommodated...but its niceAmazing service and helpful servers....food wise its all depends what you order ..its reasonable price and fresh ...u can actually see how they make ur food.....Except bubble tea...rest are amazing and definitely go there again Recommend for couples and group....too ..place is a bit small so call aheadQuality + Quantity + Price  all fits perfectly + service = 5*
4	So full! My sister and I stopped in for lunch today and shared a few things.Soft tofu with green onion: a cold dish with chili oil, soy sauce, white and black sesame seeds, and green onion. Savory, spicy, a nice way to start. Spring rolls: classic small spring rolls, not greasy at all.Pork and fermented cabbage dumplings (fried): wow you can tell these are home - made.  We stuffed ourselves with them because we didn't want to stop eating. Overall a reasonable priced lunch downtown, and we were in and out in less than an hour.
