5	This really is a great place to live. Rachel and Lori went above and beyond my expectations and worked with me for my out of state move. They were very responsive to me and the maintenence staff did a fantastic job preparing my apartment for move in. The year-round heated pool is very resort-like and the grounds are well maintained. It is also a very pet friendly place with plenty of grassy areas to walk your dogs. You can definately find lower rents around but they willl be in concrete jungles built in the 1960's with the apartments lined up like motel rooms. Colonial Grand Old Town Scottsdale North is close enough to walk around Old Town, yet far enough away from the traffic and clubs so that you don't have to deal with  banging music and cars flying by til 2 am. I highly recommend this place.
1	Hmmmm... I had a very different experience than Jack and I think if you look at apartment ratings on other websites you will find that my review will be similar to other experiences. I would not recommend this apartment to anyone. I have rented from apartments for 9 years and by far, Colonial Grand takes the cake for the bottom of the totem pole ESPECIALLY for the price. First of all, if you like to work out, their gym is filthy, and the treadmills had not worked since June and had many problems with them before. Every time I went into the office to ask them about repairing them, I was given some excuse (still getting bids) (the company that fixes them is backed up)... and so on. I also asked if they could PLEASE clean the gym and they gave it a once over with a towel, again subpar response. I moved out in September and the treadmills were STILL not fixed. They don't seem to value what may be important to residents. I am a teacher and have certain vacation time and I found I was never able to "sleep in" past 7:30 because I was always woken up by the lawn mower and blower, EVERY MORNING! I didn't understand, the landscape should have looked like Disneyland, but quite to the contrary, the grass always felt overgrown and unkempt. With all the yard work, the apartment was extremely dusty all the time. I also had major concerns about my air conditioning, however, they just continued to "change my filters" and I continued to have to keep my air on 73 paying astronomical APS bills for an average temperature even though it was set at 73.  I finally moved out and feel relieved not to be tied to them. I am washing my hands of this place.  Amber and Lori fell below my expectations for competent and helpful in many areas. Lori always appeared annoyed with any questions or concerns and Amber never seem to give a straight answer or knew exactly what to do. For example, I was terminating my lease as we purchased a house quicker than we expected, I followed protocol and gave my written notice knowing full well that there would be some heavy fees. I understand that as it is a part of the lease, however, we were ready to turn in our keys and they told us since we had to pay for 60 days out worth of rent, even though we were moving out before then, to hold onto our keys. Well, "holding on to our keys" cost us an additional $130 dollars on top of October rent ($931) and $1830 to terminate the lease. We were charged to keep APS in our name ($30- ) and we had to cover the water bill. I asked her why our water bill was $99- even though we didn't live there the month of October and she said that the water bill is basically shared amongst the residents, so you absorb others water bills regardless of how much you use. Most apartments I have stayed at had a flat fee of 25 or 35 for water sewer and trash, at Colonial Grand, it is around 55 dollars a month. If Lori or Amber were kind enough to tell us to turn in our keys because it could have saved us $130- but they don't care, it is not their money. Again, OVERRATED apartment complex and I am happy to be moving on! On a side note, Craig, the head of maintenance is wonderful. He is the best part about Colonial Grand. Friendly, responsive, quick to repair and easy to work with. Thank you Craig.
1	Colonial Grand is the WORST place to live. I lived here for 2 years and was going to leave last year when Lori took over. After a conversation with her I gave it another chance as she convinced me she was staying and would not leave AND she would get this place up to par. The fitness center is always filthy and the equipment is so old. The cardio equipment has not worked since I have been here (2 years) and they took the TV's down because they did not want to fix those. When asked you are given all kinds of excuses. The washer and dryer is so old. For two years my washer has not agitated and my dryer comes on when you shut the door. You dont even need the knob. After numerous attempts to have them fixed I gave up. I am still waiting on a knob for my dryer which was back ordered (so they say) over two months ago. My air conditioning unit had been running for 3 months non stop and the maintenance was at my house every other day trying to figure out what was wrong. Come to find out the vents were so impacted with dust and whatever else that air could not flow through the vents causing it to run constantly. I asked for credit from the office since I was paying a bill for air running 24/7, they told me to contact APS and APS said it was the office. Finally they asked for my bills for one year as comparison- they had the bills for over 2 weeks at which point Lori agreed to waive a pet fee in exchange for giving me credit for the electric bill...so I got a dog. That was in June. Lori left and this new lady Dawn took over. She is NOT friendly at ALL. She never smiles, has a negative attitude and does not want to listen to what you have to say or work it out so she can keep a tenant. Instead- without any notice, she tacked on the $400 pet fee so it hit on Jan 1 which is a holiday so no one is in the office. On top of that I have two months left on my lease and I am moving out. Because I will not pay the extra $400 I cannot pay online as partial payments are not accepted and if you dont pay by 5:00 they tack on $75 late fee- NO EXCEPTIONS. She is a WITCH with a capitol B. DO NOT RENT HERE...IT IS OVER PRICED FOR NOTHING....they dont care about the tenants and have even stated so. BAD BAD BAD!!! I wouldnt of even given them one star except I have to select a star.
2	I lived in Colonial Grand North from 2012-2014. These apartments are okay. Yes, the location is great for Old Town. The golf carts are close enough to come pick you up. I had a roommate so the rent was fine to split between two people however the one bedroom apartments are expensive. The actual apartment was a little run down. Our dishwasher was broken when we moved in and our washer flooded our apartment numerous times. We did not have a working washer for a good two months, which is not okay when you need to wash your clothes! Our microwave was broken for a good six months and then a month before we moved out, we got a new one. The biggest problem with the place is that the appliances are old and it takes forever to get them fixed. Also, the fitness room was disgusting when we moved in! Half of the machines were broken and we didn't get new equipment until about  two months before we moved out. This place does party so if you are young this is a fun place for you but I would not recommend this place to families or someone that needs peace and quiet.Another thing is that the management company needs to figure out the online payment system. Roommates need more time than the day of to figure out payment. The fact that we can't do two payments was ridiculous and I would have to write a check for my roommate to cash early so she could pay our rent on time.I would also say that the customer service from the property management team needs help. I would come in to pick up a package and would not even get acknowledged. If you try calling the office, almost 100% of the time would get a voicemail and may not get a call back until the next day.Overall, this complex is fine for a short term or if you are young and need a safe place to live. I never felt unsafe. However, they need some big upgrades and a new customer service team. The maintenance team is very nice but I think they need to hire more guys to get the jobs done faster.
1	The 1-star rating is with regards to their complete disregard of customer service, inefficient manner in which they address issues and the general maintenance of the apartment.  (Note, the maintenance guy is GREAT!  This has nothing to do with him...)I lived here for a year and within 4 months had to have my microwave, stove and dishwasher all replaced.  In each case, it was a process to even get the people in the leasing office to relay the message to maintenance (though online submissions *usually* worked well) so the work was often drawn out over at least a week and after several messages.This only got worse after we moved out... we moved in on 7/1 so we assumed our lease ended on 6/30 the next year.  We indicated on their info form that we would vacate on 6/30 and even specifically called on 6/29 to set-up a move-out inspection. (We chose to be present for said inspection as several former residents informed us that they are shady in the process and will nickle and dime you and run up your final bill.)  We do our inspection on 6/30 and come to find out we paid pro-rated rent for the "extra day" as our lease ended on 6/29.  There were also several fees that added up very quickly on move-out.  We went back and forth with the various fees to ensure that any amount we paid was valid and then their communication dropped off and never gave us a final total.  After 3 unreturned calls and another email requesting the final amount, they finally called back and we ended up paying 4 days late.  I'm *shocked* they didn't slam a fee on for THAT!All-in-all, they don't have people working for them who are people-oriented, friendly or efficient.  As someone who trains business owners in proper customer services practices, it's pitiful.
1	I lived here from 2013 to 2014 and from what i hear on the reviews everybody is so right. Now this place has it pros and if you are into the party seen hard then Old town Scottsdale is real nearby. the go carts ride through out the day and night to pick you up and bring you downtown which is great, also the views are nice if you like to see women run by in the jogging mode, Makes you want to work out. The maintenance team is really great and will come to your place no later than 24 hours to fix your issue. Also u have Scottsdale Community College and Talking Stick Casino real close by. The pool scene is also nice if u like to party just make sure u get there to get that 1 cabana, its more like a first come first serve. The cons out weight the good in every way. First of all there is a lot of dog poop lying around. a few owners don't care to much of picking it up in which sometimes the maintenance guys will step up and do it. When i first moved here i liked it a lot but once a new company bought the property, to me it fell to crab. Before MAA took rights of it. u receive a separate bill for your water/trash and sewage and honestly it was cheaper compare to MAA twist to it. Also the cable was free it was included with your rent but somehow we never got a real idea of what MAA connect ($45) is and to me it seems like  they figure since they are getting free cable we will charge them for it on the low and that's how it feels. Pretty messed up but you pay for your location. Also im from the south and i have travel and live in a lot of apartments but my gosh. This area is a cop haven, no disrespect to the Police Department in Scottsdale but since it is no ghetto's are hoods in Scottsdale they prey on there fancy shopping mall and there DUI enforcement is crazy. i never seen cops posted outside the club and prey on which person to get instead of getting patrons out and clearing the area they are trying to get u jail time fa real. To me that's not good when u intentionally prey on people to mess up.  I agree with Aimee that they do not give you time to pay your rent. Its due on the 1st and that's it, no exceptions, If u are later that's $75.00 and $10.00 every other day. I never understood why the 1st and not the 5th, give people time to get the money too u. Also the leasing office has change so much till its a real shame i moved in and Lorrie was the manager and she was really great, when she left she passed me on to Amber if i needed anything come see her and next thing you know she doesn't work there anymore. I know everybody has to move on but i feel like its so messed up in there they cant keep nobody in there.  Also when they put notes on your door to have to come inside on a certain date why is the notes 48 hours. They don't give you time to get your place in order especially if you have a dog and you work odd shifts. Another thing is this place is not cater to the 2nd shift worker with 2 cars. if you have your nice car under your carport and don't want to move it because you feel safe with it there as for as getting bang on with nicks and stuff. and you drive your 2nd car around. be very cautious getting home anytime after 9pm there will not be a parking spot which pretty much u will be parking on the street and walking to your place just a word of thought. And lastly this place will recruit you to moved in but let me warn u, moving out is a b%%%^ my rent was suppose to be $90 for the last month rent, I go to paid it online and bam i get a bill for $230, the apartment tells me Oh see what happen was you been bill for your water/sewer/ trash/ and MAA Connect fee for the months of August, September and October and im like what the hell i was not told that Amber told me how much and i saved and put that money to the side, They told me she no longer work here and sorry, u should read your bill often. I was pissed and i wanted to go off but i was like okay. I figure if i didn't pay this it would affect my credit score so i was like okay. Contacted MAA in Memphis and still haven't heard nothing from them and very shock since i was with them in Florida, they seem very good as for as a company. i don't know whats going on here but if this apt is own by MAA but not even on there website you know something is wrong. Overall i would go to the left on this place, the rent is slowly moving up, just see for your self and there goal is to make the front look good comeback after the leasing office leaves you will see what im taking about.....
