4	I'm not a huge fan of crepes (long story), but was convinced to try this place out.  We went for lunch and, to my surprise, had a very positive experience.  The place is small and was crowded at lunchtime, so it could be tough finding a seat during peak hours. Looking at the menu, I thought it was a bit pricey, but when the crepes were delivered to us, it turned out that they were large and substantive. The savory lunch crepes were reminiscent of dosas -- apparently cooked through without flipping, so they had a nice crispness.  They seemed to be made with buckwheat flour, which gave them a very nice flavor.  We tried 2 different lunch crepes - one with an egg, ham, cheese and tomato, and one with mushrooms, bechamel, ham and cheese.  They were both delicious & very satisfying.We'd definitely go back to have them again!
3	I'm not the worlds biggest crepe fan, I'm just not. But a friend convinced me to try this little place at the Jean Talon market. They do something very different. They use buckwheat. I'm not sure what to make of it. It was tasty enough. I would go back.
3	A bit overpriced for what it was. The menu was large with some innovative items, ranging from breakfast crepes with a sunny side up egg in the middle to the classic bananas and Nutella. Ordering is quick but the wait time can be a little long, but that's just a part of making them from scratch. They use buckwheat batter, which is a nicely flavorful option compared to the classic. There are some picnic tables in front of the stand, but they fill up quick. A bit of a tourist trap I think, but the food is good albeit a bit costly. Personally, I think we made a better meal of getting some local cheese, a fresh baguette, and some fruit from the market itself.
2	Le Creperie du Marche has a lot of options, including sweet and savoury, meaty and vegan. I went sweet for a crepe stuffed with chocolate, bananas, and local strawberries. The strawberries were tasty, but ultimately the crepe needed a sprinkle of sea salt or anything else that could make it less one note. I wanted to love it, but I just kind of liked it.
5	Pretty good crepes, and great location. The crepes however weren't too amazing. The ingredients tasted like quality, but for the price I expected a lot better. The buckwheat flour they used though is pretty cool though.
4	A different kind of crepe. Buckwheat flour, and a crispy finish. Kind of a cross between the classic French crepe and the Indian or Asian variety. Fantastically fresh ingredients prepared well. Not inspirational, but incredibly well executed.
3	Gluten free Buck weed crepes ...yummmmmmm. Last day in Montreal and needed to get the crepe munchies done. The place is inside a market, very small, seats like 15. Only one menu and its on the sign by the cash register. Prices are decent, $7 for a caramel crepe. Good enough for 1 person but I had better in NY. Maybe is the Buck weed that I was not used to. Also if you are inside the market.. Signage is helpful Since we can't see you from the outside. Everyone devoured their meals and I sure did mine also. I was expecting more for the buck since we were not anywhere near any tourist spots, I guess not. Even when inside a market fruits are cheaper, pass on the savings to clients..why not?
1	Waste of our money!! Gaspille de ton argent!We were having juice across from this place and decided to go here for a plain crepe with apple and maple syrup here's what we got:- Overly cooked, borderline burnt crepe. Super hard, not soft at all- Full of butter, crepe was basically deep fried in butter- Super sweet and oily we didn't even taste the crepe!The cheapest crepe is $7 for the plain and if you want veggies or anything else it's $13. Way way way overpriced for an outdoor market with benches.After a few bites, I decided if I should ask for a refund but I just decided to throw it out and write a bad Yelp review.
4	They are quick and have a nice cashier whose English is very good. I was a little disappointed in the vegetarian options in the savory crepe category. I chose an apple and maple butter crepe that was good. I love that their crepes are gluten-free. Thanks.
4	My family likes this place very much, a usual stop while at Jean Talon market.
5	Hard to beat a tasty buckwheat crepe filled with just-picked veggies from the neighboring stands. Super fresh. And you can watch the eclectic collection of shoppers while you mange.
