1	This is the most depressing zoo I've ever been to. It must be the San Quentin of zoos, all the animals are in lockdown. It is essentially a dusty lot crammed full of small concrete cages. All the animals look depressed and must be suffering from mental anguish. There are some cool animals in there, but they are all in pain. The only animals that were happy were the millions of chickens and roosters running amok in that place. The place was just downright depressing, never been to a zoo this bad. It should be a crime.
2	This zoo is DEFINITELY depressing -- a pathetic, small collection of hot, dusty cyclone-fenced cages containing miserable-looking animals passed out in what little shade they can find from the unrelenting desert sun.  Particularly grim was this poor old chimp who used to perform in various Strip shows back in his heyday... but now sits neglected and abandoned, forlornly jerking off in his grimy little enclosure.  But what makes this place MOST depressing is the ironic fact that Siegfried & Roy's estate is right down the street -- less than a mile away, white lions, tigers and panthers are lounging in custom-habitat luxury, while here at Auschwitz Zoo their poor unlucky cousins are languishing in sun-baked exile. I love Siegfried & Roy, and they have done a LOT for the community... but come on!  All it would take would be one gala fundraiser, and this zoo could be pimpin'.  Instead what do they do?  Open a private zoo on the grounds of a hotel-casino.  Boo!I give the LV Zoo staff props for trying.  The two stars here are for the people of Las Vegas... come on, guys!  Let's all pitch in and make this a world-class zoo, as our 2-million-plus population deserves!
4	This should not be called a zoo.  It can't seriously meet zoo standards.  Maybe it should be called Wildlife Preserve or something, but not a zoo.  People might drive hundreds of miles to see the Las Vegas "Zoo" just to find our wanna be zoo.  That zoo is false advertising and misleading.This" zoo" is very nasty and it smell horrible.  It is way too small.------------------------I changed my review from 1 star to 4 stars.  I went back and they had cleaning crews everywhere.  The cleanliness and smell was much improved.  Can't give five stars because it is a low budget zoo, but I really appreciate the improvements.
1	LOL@ the reviewer who says he will make sure to visit this place every time he comes to Vegas. I did enjoy it as a really small child seeing I had nothing to compare it to and had no idea how zoos really work. I visited this ~zoo again when I was 9 and had a better idea of what a Zoo really is and this place made me sad.The Lion Habitat at MGM and Secret Garden at The Mirage are all far better than this, and those are mini animal exhibits held within casinos, which is sad. It's shocking that this place is still here. The animals are clearly miserable, both the exhibits and the animals themselves are in terrible shape and there's very little shading, which is irrational because we're in a DESERT people. I don't think ostriches, peacocks, lions and monkeys adapt to this type of climate very well. Sarah Jane called it the Zoo of "Auschwitz". I can't think of a more appropriate name, it's just that depressing.
1	Calling this establishment a zoo is equivalent to cutting a hole out of a garbage bag and putting in on, claiming it is a dress. You can pretend and protest all you want, but a garbage bag is not a suitable dress, and this place is NOT a suitable "zoo".The website does a fantastic job of tricking you into thinking you will be seeing lots of happy exotic animals...but when my friend and I arrived we found the opposite.  We seriously thought it was an elaborate prank! The entrance/gift-shop looked like a small single family home that had been converted to just that.  We could have easily just walked in without paying because when we went up to the ticket window no one was there...but we pondered too long and a lady finally showed up to rob us of our money.The zoo was full of pigeons and chickens just running around free and wild...which wouldn't matter that much if they were not missing half their feathers and looked sad and diseased...it was gross and depressing.  There were not that many animals here at all, and the lion was lying in his "den" and we were not even able to see him.Definitely skip this place when you visit Las Vegas...unless you actually like seeing sad depressed animals in the dusty desert.
3	My heart just breaks for this place. It really seems they are in desperate need for money. I'm sure the state and city make enough in tax revenue from tourism and gambling that they could give some money to this place. What a shame. They did have a nice collection of birds, a neat desert tortoise and Barbary apes. Loved the otters too.
1	Wow. That was my initial reaction. This place looks like someone's back yard converted into a joke of a bird cage. Do not visit.
3	I am originally from a city which was fortunate to have one of the top 10 zoos in the country. That being said, I had extremely low expectations when visiting the zoo today.I was pleasantly surprised with the Vegas Zoo.  While, no, it didn't compare at all to the zoo back home, it did far surpass my expectations.  They had a variety of species on exhibit and the exhibits were clean.  You got an up-close view of most of the animals which was a treat for my 4 year old daughter.  We particularly loved the goat exhibit and were able to go in and pet and feed the goats. I thought the admission price was fair, as was the pricing on the items in the gift shop.This is a great local zoo.  A fun place to take the kids to and check out  some really cool animals.  I will definitely go back and am contemplating purchasing a family membership. I encourage you all to give this a try!
1	This is not a zoo. This place had one or two interesting exhibits, but it was mostly goats and peacocks. There was a fish exhibit in the back where the number of dead fish significantly outweighed the number of living fish. I would definitely NOT recommend this "park" to anyone- and their website is very misleading.
1	Don't waste your time.
5	Spent a few hours here today !!!!!!!! It was a fabulous experience.  Walked in & saw beautiful pink flamingos drinking & wading in the water.  We paid our entry into the establishment, $9.00 an adult & then bought the biggest bucket of feed they had for sale ! We were greeted by black fluffy chickens that came running for the feed & some well dressed peacocks ! They ate out of our hands ! Cute ! I'll feed anything that asks, so they had me at hello !We walked around smiling at all the beautiful birds that were there, Macaws of all sorts and colors.  Guineas screaming for more feed ! There is a fabulous lioness there that had a brother that died.  She was laying outside licking her paws ! Plus the Cougar that was dropped off in a crate in front of the zoo several years back seemed to enjoy his forever home.2 elderly buzzards were very friendly.  The 44 year old Raven with the feet was amazing & I loved him.  He also talks ! I read the entries below about what a dump it is, in people's ignorance to inquire........this place is a nonprofit without any assistance from the city or state.  They have volunteers & zoo keepers.  People should make donations or volunteer their time.  If you can't do one, then do the other. People take their exotic animals or birds there as a last resort for them.  Instead of writing a horrible review do something helpful for this organization, b*tches.
1	These animals are either going to die or depression or rebel and eat everyone.  I am surprised PETA has not visited this place and staged a mass protest.  Walking around is incredibly sad the animals either look like they are on thorzeine, or stare you down.  I do have to say, having lived in vegas for a few years, this place makes the must see list simply because it is such an epic fail.
1	Giving this place a 1 star is like kicking a horse while it's down, but I just can't help it. In fact, I haven't Yelped in months but this little place just reminded me why I should.The lady at the front ~ short. And I don't mean her height.Exhibits ~ tiny. Good thing my son is 2 and isn't yet asking how some of these animals have enough space to turn in their cages.Rats ~ everywhere. Though the sign by the bathroom door explaining the rat problem was a nice touch.The gift shop ~ disgusting! Everything was smoked through; who would buy a stuffed animal from there? Nasty.$25 for two adults and a kid? It's a joke. They don't reciprocate memberships with other zoos so no savings here. You'd get better glimpses of animals in their natural habitat on The Strip.
5	Another wonderful experience ! Need to throw a benefit for this place.  Its wonderful that so many creatures have found a forever home.It always makes me so happy to visit.I visited my favorite raven ! Im delighted to see that he made it through the winter.The lady buzzard is still there & sitting on an egg !! Her buzzard husband died this winter.  He was in his mid 40's (which is like Methusalah)The ostrichs have laid eggs !I love this place !Thank you for providing a home for all these birds & animals that need it !
5	go see this zoo.  it's not the best zoo around, ok maybe it's the worst zoo around, BUT, it has some interesting animals and they clearly need your entrance fee to support their non-profit-ness.   Use the coupon on their web page to get a few bucks off. (it's not that much to get in to begin with)  then Toss them $5 or $10 toward getting a new alligator pond.  they need one bad. and a benefit.  Bebe N. is so right. they need a benefit.  I'll come and invite friends who love animals and tell them to bring lots of cash.you'll like the fossas and the lioness, (though she could use a few lioness type toys) and the kangaroos are adorable.don't wear your best shoes though.
2	Don't expect a lot.  The animals all looked healthy and well taken care of.  small place, only took me a few minutes to see the whole park.
3	This is a good zoo for little kids but probably a little dull for older kids. Don't expect the San Diego Zoo but it is fun for my toddler. She loves chasing the peacocks and watching the apes. We usually spend 1.5 to 2 hours and always have fun.
2	okay we went here last year and to be honest were a little disappointed but not as much as we would have been since we had a heads up from a driver on the Duece bus.   No this is not a big zoo and to be honest you really cannnot spend a full day here like we tried to do.  That being said it was still fun.   We enjoyed the talking birds and the other exotic animals they had.   The place could have been cleaner and there is very little in the way of food options so eat before you come.   We were sitting inside and learned by listening that they often hire kids doing community service to work around the place.  I am sure in part because of lack of funding.   Its not a bad place just that you would expect much better in a city the size of Las Vegas.   I still enjoyed the time we spent there but to be honest not quite sure it is worth the cost of admission.
5	This is a zoo that is run straight from the heart, and they do it pretty darned well.  This is my favorite zoo in the world.  If you love animals, and don't care that this isn't a rich, shiny, modern zoo, then you'll adore this place.
4	I absolutely LOVED this place!! My brother and mom were visiting Vegas (and I had only been here a month). We went here and it was hands down one of the best days of their visit. We were able to get uber close to the animals. Peacocks freely roamed the area. We fed the goats. The birds danced to music when we played it. The ostriches were absolutely amazing! We saw a mom duck(?) and her ducklings walking around...and unfortunately one of the ducklings walked into the cougar cage....and that was the last s/he ever walked again  :-(. But that's wild life in action! My brother thoroughly enjoyed that part . In closing I loved this place and couldn't understand why native vegans give it such a hard time! I was so sad to hear that it closed and was soooo grateful to have had the opportunity to experience it.
