2	Ok, so I know it is Vegas, but $14...$14 foot long! My friends and I sung that song all weekend...$14 dollar, $14 foot long. The pricing is NOT the same as in other cities so beware... The cheapest sandwich starts at $8. It was a Good Phillie cheese steak sandwich, but not worth $14. Subway, you better get your act together or else...
4	The previous review is no longer the case as I just came here this weekend and ordered a cold cut combo with chips and drink combo and it was $8.00 and change. There was definitely no $14 sub. This place was full of Wendy's, Weinershnitzel, Noble Roman's pizza, Del Taco, DQ/Orange Julius, Starbucks, Panda Express, etc. This was the best bargain place to eat on the strip for both calorie and $ watching. Im so glad this place had subway..:)
4	24 HR Subway, convenient to cure the munchies. $5 kids meal = perfect snack
1	Worst Subway ever.I know what you are thinking, "I just want something quick and cheap.oh look, Subway!"Stop right there.Quick, yes.Cheap, yes, but not in the way you think.Cheap quality food and service.5 dollar footlong doesn't exist here, it's more like 9 bucks.I had to remind the sandwich "artist" to put gloves on, the bread tasted like it had been made weeks ago.Save your money and go for the 2 dollar footlong hotdogs next door.
1	When I go to Subway I really don't expect much.  I understand that the meat I'm eating is full of giblets and highly processed.  I get that the veggies will be limp from sitting out all day.  I know that the employees will be about as friendly as zombies having had to work a soul sucking job all day.  What i don't expect, understand, get or know is coming....a crampy food poisoned stomach from the moldy tomatoes you put on my sandwich (and much to my chagrin I discovered halfway into eating the darn thing.)  This is a subway to beat them all.
5	best breakfast subs than any other subway because they actually fry the eggs on the spot. never a line here and the food is regular price... none of the typical Vegas mark ups.
3	Came here about 11pm one night after a show to grab a quick bite to take up to our room. The food was good and the staff were about as helpful as fast food staff always are, but the prices were simply outrageous. 2 Foot long subs cost about $25, which seemed steep even in Vegas.
2	I mean it was a subway on the strip in a hotel.  OK, prices are going to be skewed, but $12 for a footlong turkey sub?  C'mon!  And it wasn't even that great!  Not to mention I was standing there to order at the counter and the total jerk of a guy looked passed me and asked my husband what he wanted to order!  My hubby, being a gentlemen let me order first, but it was really rude!  I was standing there and he totally ignored me.  What a @#$!  It is nice to have fast food in the hotel, but $12 footlongs are a bit much for Subway quality.
1	After a longs day and all the junk food - we wanted to end the day with something decent and so chose this subway.we were shocked to pay over $20 for 2 sandwiches (saw the news recently and sure this would not have been more than 10 inches) other places would have been just as good and probably the same price if we had known
3	Someone, somewhere is making a lot of money off this Subway shop, but I'm certain it's not the employees. The employees who helped me did not have very seasoned customer service skills, but I think some are struggling to learn English. And my infested brain forgot most of my Spanish, so I couldn't help them, either. I paid $9 for a turkey salad that was fine, but I couldn't help wondering who was making all the money on the backs of the well-meaning employees and starving customers.
1	Went to subways today 11-10-14 to buy four subways.  A kid was helping us then a white guy came over to help him.  Without asking us what we were having (because there was different breads there), the man assumed he knew what the subway on that bread would be.  My husband corrected him and he just seemed so irritated.  He roughly snatched the cold cuts and threw it on the other subway.  He kept shoving our  4 subways around (roughly) as the other 2 workers were trying to complete them and as he was trying to make other customers subways.  I've never had such rude service and I regret not walking out the store.  The store was previously owned by a Filipino (or Asian) family that always gave EXCELLENT customer service.  These owners hire people who do not want to work here.  We were not rude in anyway except I started getting very annoyed at how rude this man was which put me in a bad mood.  I told my husband NEVER again will we give this shop any business and it's the reason we had not been there for a while.  It's just shocking that you do the shop a favor by giving them a business (4 subways) and they treat you like crap because of that.
