5	I had my septic system pumped and they were able to come out quickly,  were pleasant and honest.  I would use them again.
5	I am an out of town landlord and my rental had a sink hole in the backyard.  It took us a while to figure out how to get it fixed. After calling the city and being told they would have to pull the blue prints for the house to see if it may be an old septic system, and that would take up to 6 weeks to do.  They suggested I call a plumber. Called a plumber and explained what happened and they referred me to Coopers Sewer & Drain. Called Coopers and explained what was happening and was told they would send someone out to look at it. I believe the owner went out.  He called me from the rental and explained that it was an old septic system that had collapsed. When the house was put on city sewer the owners didn't take care of the septic system like they were supposed to.  I was seeing cha-ching cha-ching cha-ching.  I was not happy.  Coopers gave me an estimate that was MUCH lower than I had feared.  I said do it, they scheduled it for the next Thursday (only a few days away) and they brought in a backhoe and dug it out, added dirt, tamped it down and made sure it wouldn't sink.  The amount to fix it was on the low end of their estimate which made me VERY happy.  Today (almost 6 months later) you can't even tell there was a sink hole.  Coopers was very professional, kept me in the loop and called me for payment and took payment over the phone.  I highly recommend this company.
1	Used this place before and was satisfied with there service for septic wait removal. 7 years later we call to use them again and they charged us twice as much as last time and spent less time draining the septic tank and he was rude and seem to be in a hurry to get on out of there, and we didn't feel like they did not do a good and quality job. 6 month later its full again. And won't help us out with this bad service they did for us.  Would never recommend to anyone find a better company to do business with.
5	We he use Cooper for many years and once again the have showed how they take care you. Everything backed up at once so we called Coopers. Curtis arrived and found tank and drywell both full. Both were serviced, flow from house checked and drywell treated. Charge was very fair for all that was done. Quick and easy. Thanks Again for the Quick service all.
