4	I've been anticipating the opening of this new place since I have seen them working on it whenever I go to Sunrise Coffee that's right next door. So when I heard they are now open, I decided to check it out.  Arrived when they started serving for dinner. The menu had a small sushi and seafood selection. So for you sushi fans you might be interested. I really dont like it. So I just glossed over that section of the menu. It's more Japanese cuisine with some Thai dishes thrown in though. The printed menu doesnt even have Thai mentioned yet the banner out front and the listing on Yelp says it is.  The Thai and Japanese dishes served for dinner like Salmon Basil, Duck Cognac are the ones you would find in the finer dining places sounded so good, but I wasn't really hungry enough to order a full entree. So I settled on a Beef Salad and Shrimp Tempura appetizer dish.  Both dishes were pretty good.  LOVE the combination of color and flavors. The Thai flavor profile was prominent with the fresh lemongrass, basil and cilantro.The steak was nicely marinated and well chilled.  My only minor complaint was the NY Strip steak strips were cut just a tad too thick and was a little tough.Shrimp tempura batter was a little heavy but nonetheless I still liked the appetizer.  Dessert option is also limited at this time with 3 selections.  I chose the Crepe Cake. Glad I did! Never had Thai Tea cake before. The texture is different like a cheesecake. I  loved the flavor of theThai tea in the cake and the glazed that was drizzled on top. It also came with a scoop of Green Tea ice cream. So good. Save room for dessert for sure. Ambiance, very chill, trendy just like the vibe over at the coffee shop next door.  Interior design simple elegance to a point and modern, hence the name. The dining space is small but the way they have the seating configurations works out pretty good, it didnt feel at all crowded.  Service wise, my server was really friendly and had a sweet disposition.  I am pleased with my first dining experience here. More like a 3.90 food wise. Overall a 4 for now though. I have to say it warrants another visit in the near future. Towards the end I was given the lunch menu that they had just printed out. The menu selections are different and the prices more appealing.
5	I'm staying at my sister's house in Vegas for the past three weeks, and although there's a ton of amazing Japanese restaurants here, I'm glad I found this little gem nearby Sunrise Coffee. I write at the coffee shop; I eat at this sushi restaurant.Try the yummy Sushi bento. It comes with a lot of food: four nigiri, tons of tempura (vegetable and shrimp), a california roll, salad, and miso soup.Get here while the 15 percent off discount is still going on. I also tried three maki rolls last night: the double albacore, the dragon roll, and the rainbow roll. Really liked all three.
5	Taiga is remarkable! A great discovery!The food is delicious and inventive; more artistic than merely fusion. Fresh, clever, beautiful and flavorful. It reminds me of Yonaka, but I like Taiga much more.I had the Uni appetizer which was small but luscious.Then the cognac duck; addictive.Then the beef in panang curry; not as memorable as LOS but still good.Then a whole fried squid (wow! wow!)....simply amazing.Followed by steamed cod in a sour garlic sauce....mmmm.Dessert was the crepe cake. Check the photos...it tasted even better than it looks!The prices are fair (15% off at the moment for Grand Opening).They allow corkage; they don't have a wine list, so bring something.The room is very comfortable. They play great music.The service is first-class, and very helpful with the proprietary dishes on the menu.When the food-hounds discover this place, it'll be jammed.I wish I lived closer...but that won't stop me from going again....and again.
4	Cute little Japanese/Thai hybrid place with very reasonable prices and ample choices. Tofu salad was a favorite. I'd like to come back and try the sushi.
5	Great little place with very interesting re-made relaxed versions of 90's music playing (Pearl Jam- Daughter acoustic sung by a woman, Foo Fighters - Learn to Fly).First restaurant in Vegas without a corkage fee!?  Though they only had 2 wine glasses and we had 3 people; I attribute this to them just recently opening.  Hopefully they keep it BYO Wine.On to the important stuff: the food.  We had the sashimi salad app which was very fresh and actually a pretty good value at (I think) $11.95 for that much fish.Seared squid had a great smokey grilled flavor.Cognac Duck was decent, very sugary, I thought it was underwhelming but others at table loved it.Cod- I forget which of the 2 cod options we had, it was a "must try" on the menu. This was the star.  Super flavorful, very spicy, cooked perfectly.Taiga Roll- beautifully presented sashimi-cucumber roll.
3	We had a dinner here one Friday evening around 6pm. My first impression of the restaurant was that it looked very nice. The server was prompt and quickly led us to our seats. I think it's worth it to mention that their chairs are some of the most comfortable I've experienced in a restaurant. It's not an unimportant detail that I think many restauranteurs tend to give minimal attention to.We ordered the much praised Cognac Duck and the Cod Delight. The Cod Delight is listed as spicy, so I asked the server if it could be made NOT spicy to which she replied that it could. The Cognac Duck, at $11 for around seven portions of duck, was very tasty albeit on the slightly higher side of pricey. The cod arrived spicy and so I asked again if it was possible to prepare it not spicy. I would have been happy to order something else. The server confirmed it was possible and took it back. What returned was a pretty plain looking piece of white cod. It did, though, turn out to have a hidden flavor which was fine.For dessert (or according to their needs-a-little-proof-reading menu, "Desert") we had their touted Crepe Cake. It was, again, tasty, but not necessarily $9 tasty. I've had $9+ worth of tasty dessert and that wasn't it. Altogether, you'll definitely have a fairly good meal in a comfortable chair at Taiga, But the odd detail here and there (i.e. gouges on the surface of your tables do matter) will prevent it from being a four or five star experience. You can tell that an effort is being made, so perhaps, with some time, it'll get better.P.S. Although it calls itself a Japanese and Thai restaurant. It is more primarily a Thai restaurant than a Japanese one. Clearly, their culinary expertise extends itself more towards the Thai side of things than Japanese.
5	Love this place! The menu has lots of options and everything I had was delicious and fresh! We had the grilled jumbo squid, cod delight and the tiger maki roll. I recommend all of these. Not only was everything tasty, but the presentation was also top notch which made the food all the more enticing.  It is obvious they take pride in what they serve. And for a new place I was pleased the already smooth service. I will be back soon to try other menu options!
5	I love this place! I had the Tiger Roll which was delicious and the Taiga Roll was very fresh and also delish. Will be coming back to try some of the Thai dishes. Love how I can have both of my favorite Asian cuisines in one place.
3	We came here on a Tuesday night and ordered 1. Tiaga shrimp, 5.952. Garlic pork and pepper rice bowl, 10.953. Beef panang curry with white rice, 10.95for $10 (used the $12 Groupon valued at $24) - Next to Sunrise Coffee. - Very modern on the inside. Comfortable chairs. Nice tables. 4 seat sushi bar. Cool ambiance. Soul & jazz music like Corinne Bailey Rae sets a nice tone. - At least have a clothed napkin to match the mood! Folded napkin fail. - Outrageous prices. Too much hype for *Must try- How can you call yourself a Thai restaurant without Pad Thai!? It's almost like saying "Viet restaurant" without pho. haha..okay, yes, there are exceptions. - All dishes were plated wonderfully! - Tiaga shrimp* was disappointing. Tempura style shrimp without the tempura and wrapped like a lumpia, then tied with a crispy noodle. 3 pieces. - Garlic pork and pepper* rice tasted like a meal from Guppy House (or equivalent taiwanese restaurant) with japanese rice with a fried egg on top. Almost like a fancy Big Wongs. Few salty pork bits with too much rice. Garlic pieces were hard almost like rocks. More of a let down bc it was a must-try.- Beef panang was alright. The beef was cut in CUBES, not sliced. Inconsistent texture, some tender others hard. Curry could be creamier with more coconut. Unique lychee in curry! Great combination! 1st time and was successful. Sweet balanced the spice. - I'd stick with Ping Pong Thai down the street for Thai.... - Friendly service. Free thai tea with Yelp Check-in!! - Homemade soy sauce! Excellent! Not too salty with a hint of sweetness. - Can't say much about the other foods they serve, but judging by the plating I'm sure the sushi presentation is amazing.
2	When I heard that there was a new restaurant in town that was a fusion of Thai and Japanese, I was really excited to try it!  Both of my favorite cuisines together, wow!  Well, I finally went there yesterday.  I had to write this review.  We walked in about 12:00 and there was only one other person there dining.  The place was completely empty during lunch hour!  What does that tell you?  We ordered Thai Beef Salad, the Cognac Duck, and Garlic Pork and Pepper Rice Bowl.  The server said that they were out of the Beef Salad (huh?..at 12:00 in the afternoon??).  I didn't know if they were out of the Beef or the salad greens?  In any event, we ended up ordering the Steamed Cod.  OMG!  The Cognac Duck was tasty, but portions are really small, only about 7-8 small bites of duck.  The Garlic Pork was very tasty (seasoned ground pork all mixed up in a bowl with rice and an egg on top).  It was not appealing to the eye, it was like fried rice in a bowl.  I kept biting into something really small and hard (I think it was fried garlic or something, hopefully it wasn't fragments of small pieces of bone).  I was afraid I was going to crack a tooth.  The steamed cod was absolutely horrid.  This was definitely a frozen cod that was probably "defrosted" before steaming, or possibly went from the freezer to the steamer.  It was rubbery and chewy.  I would have sent it back, but decided not to, because the server was nice.  I took it to go and trashed it when I got home.  The price for all three was about $39.00.  I didn't want to order sushi there because the fish has to be really fresh or I get sick easily.  Since nobody was there during the lunch rush, I figured the food isn't moving as quickly, so the raw fish might be kind of old.  Didn't want to chance it.  My guess is that this restaurant won't be here in a year.
4	Just got my first order from here via the eat 24 app. First off, had the caterpillar roll, yum. Then i had the grilled duck, I like that they separated the rice from the meat being that is was a delivery. Duck was cooked good and the sushi was amazing, love the fact that the sushi came with eel sauce instead of soy sauce, proves that they at least try to pair sushi and sauces. Love that. Thai iced tea finished up the meal and the only reason I didn't give 5 stars is a minimum delivery of 20, which my meal came to 19 and change and had to order the Thai iced tea, it's good, but overall this place gets 4 1/2 stars, I just can't give it that rating.
1	I hate to leave a bad review but this one I had to...because I got really sick from eating bad sushi!I've been meaning to try this place since it's very close to my work and I love Japanese and Thai food so I couldn't wait to try. It's nicely decorated with modern touch. So it was a good start! Can't complain anything about the atmosphere and ambiance. I took my gf during lunch and there were only 2 tables occupied, so they weren't busy at all. That should've been my first hint not to order anything raw but I was craving sushi. My gf ordered the salmon terriyaki bento and I got the sushi bento. My gf frowned as soon as she took the first bite. The salmon had to be frozen since it was so chewy and had that "old" fish smell to it. Onto my food...my 5 nigris weren't bad at first except the rice were undercooked. We also had their crepe cake desert since it looked so appertizing but the taste wasn't impressive at all. I bought the groupon and wanted to use it but the waitress said we can't use groupon for any lunch special. Little disappointed but no big deal. I'll come back and use it for something later, I thought. I started to feel nauseated that night and sure enough, had to make many trips to the toilet! X( Luckily I got over it without much more problems other than feeling lethargic for couple days. I really like their concept of modernizing Japanese/Thai fusion food but the execution isn't just there! The service was nice and the waitress seemed to be the owner, who wanted to fullfill the American Dream. I do wish the best and wish they can improve and fix things quickly! Otherwise, I'm afraid this place won't be around too long. Wish I can call Ramsey for them....Wish you well Taiga!
4	Excellent presentation.  Pleasant atmosphere.  Comfy chairs.  Unique menu of flavorful, healthy Thai and Japanese favorites, and some unique offerings.  My wasabi comes shaped like a leaf.One itty, bitty, teeny, tiny paper napkin....
5	This place is not too far from the McCarron Airport. They have a pretty good menu with some of the items having a fusion flair. The first visit, I ordered the Salmon with a soy sauce dipping sauce. The rice was good which contained edamame and corn. The second visit, I ordered the tonkatsu which was also good. By the way, they have home made soy sauce which is good too. But the thing you must try is the crepe cake with thai ice tea sauce.....WOW!! The owner of the place, Crystal, is very nice too. Can't wait to go back  :)
3	Short Review: It's a great place to have a lunch date or a business lunch with 1-3 other people. They have quite a few lunch specials and the cost is about $10 per person. Longer Review: The Resturant is currently located in the Sunset Corporate Center next to a tattoo shop and paintball store. It's super easy to miss the entrance if you don't look hard. However, once you get in, there is plenty of parking in the front and back. The sign outside reads, "Japanese/Thai Food", but when you walk in it has the atmosphere of an eclectic 1800's living room combined with a pan-Asian bistro. The music consisted of jazz renditions of the billboard top 100 and the kitchen (which is in plain view) added a burst of white to the grey and black dominated dominated environment. The menu, which is in a nice 3-ringed binder, had a good assortment of food options. The lunch menu was straight and to the point and made for quick ordering. The food is inexpensive and so are the drinks ($1 for a Thai Iced Tea - nice!). The food presentation was fantastic and combined with the flavor, it far exceeded the price. Absolutely worth the money and then some. I tried the Spicy Chicken and Ramen Noodles, the Teriyaki Beef Bento, and the Crispy Pork Rice Bowl. The Ramen was good, but oily and when it cools down it sticks together. The Teriyaki Bento was excellent and it came with soup/salad/white rice/two pieces of California roll sushi/and broccoli. The Crispy Pork Rice Bowl surprised me... It came with pieces of fried pork and a large fried egg cooked medium on too. It was the best out of those three for sure. Lots of flavor and came with the same sides as the bento box minus extra rice. Overall, the experience was ok. It's not a place I would bring the family and it isn't a place I would go to that often. The food is great, but the atmosphere is confusing. The chairs are super comfortable, but you won't be there long enough to really enjoy them.
5	I tried everything on the menu that had a must try next to it. From the poki to the cod to the green tea and Thai crepes amazing! Friendly service and cozy ambiance. A must try fusion restaurant.
3	Tied to come here while yelp said it was open and it was closed. Took a fifty dollar cab ride there and back.
4	With groupon in hand, I arrived around 1245 for lunch with my OG Ryan B. The restaurant is quite cute, albeit small. They have a plethora of lunch specials but since those weren't available for use with my Groupon, I didn't bother perusing them too thoroughly. I decided on the sashimi salad with a side of Tom ka soup. My dining companion ordered the chicken katsu. There is a check-in offer for a free Thai tea if you check-in on Yelp or Facebook, although I skipped it this time.The sashimi seemed fresh and the salad was a pretty good portion. The soup was spicy and flavorful and had a good portion of shrimp in it. Ryan B enjoyed his meal quite a bit as well and overall the price wasn't bad. I look forward to trying this pace again soon take advantage of their lunch specials that seem like a food value.
4	This small restaurant, situated in a shopping plaza off Sunset Road, serves, drum roll, both Thai and Japanese food including sushi.  The room is intimate and nicely, though understated, decorated. We shared orders of cod delight (cod filets that have been steamed with lime juice, Thai chili, garlic and sugar) and kee mao (spicy drunken ramen with salmon).  Both dishes exceeded expectations, but the cod proved to be the standout.  There was only one server this weekday evening, but she proved to adept at being both efficient and cheerful.
4	Great curry. Nice decor. Dark and romantic. Good pricesWorking nights, tired of fast food, drive by this place every day since opened a few months back, time to try it.  Quite a surprising place, really.  A small strip mall around the corner from work, next to a tattoo parlor and coffee shop.  The inside certainly does not reflect the outside, it is all very modern and swanky (that's right), yet still quite comfortable.  Was not very busy when I went in, but I have seen the parking lot stacked on weeknights.Service was great.  Hostess and waitress both happy to answer questions.  I had chicken curry, did not get the spiciest way they make it (I think an 8 out of 10), and it gave me a little sweat on the brow, good stuff.  It is a fusion restaurant, so they have all kinds of other cool dishes I want to try.Prices were about normal for dinner at a regular Thai restaurant, but dirt cheap considering how nice it looked, my meal was right under $10.Definitely try it, even the name is cool.
4	I love trying new places! The restaurant was dark & the tables & chairs had a modern funky vibe to it. The decor here is more quiet & intimate than Lotus of Siam. We were greeted by server & there was only 1 other table occupied. The menu here is a lot smaller than Lotus or Komol however they offer sushi here & the other 2 don't. We started off with the Tako wasabi. It was very cold & icy like it just came from the freezer a few minutes ago. It lacked flavor & I def wouldn't order it again. We ordered the tofu curry & Cod delight. The tofu curry was simply AMAZING! It was the 1st time in Vegas that I had Lychee fruit in my tofu curry. The flavoring of the curry was to die for. The cod delight was good as well. Loved the flavoring but not fond of the root/hard veggies that dressed the plate. However the plate presentation was beautiful. We finished with the Crepe cake. I liked the cake cause it was something different but there wasn't a lot of flavor to it. That was a lil disheartening especially since I'm a big dessert fan! I def will be back! As much as I am a Lotus & Komol fan the dishes here offer a diff spin than what they offer. I can't wait to come back!
2	BROUGHT my wife here last thursday,It is a nice little place.,. the menu is easy enough to know.. wife order a sashimi salad,and i tried one of the tuna on her place,it was a little warm.(thats when i started to felt uncomfortable about this place),then i ordered the beef panang curry,the beef in the was cut in chunks and it was tough like jerky. i had couple bites,and left it there,the server came over and ask if i needed a togo box,i said no...and she just took the curry and not even ask why i didn't like the dish....well,i paid for the whole thing still,but i won't be back to waste my money again.
3	I've been to Taiga three times for lunch with co-workers now, so I feel like I've got a pretty good feel for the place. I've had the curry, sushi bento, and tonkatsu bento lunch specials, and they were...decent. There was nothing I couldn't finish, but I have had a better version of each at other restaurants. The sushi had an odd texture when I tried it and was my least favorite of the specials, and I feel like it was a bit "fishier" than comparable sushi joints in the area. The tonkatsu bento was my favorite, with everything crispy and flavorful, and I love the miso that comes with their lunch specials. (It comes with what I can only describe as a "seaweed medly" and the different textures are quite pleasant. The food looks absolutely gorgeous, and the portions are just the right size, however the taste just wasn't the most memorable for me. My co-workers love the place, though, so maybe I just haven't hit the right menu item. I will probably be back, and definitely update the review with another star if I find a favorite.The atmosphere is a little odd. It strikes me as sort of "west elm" catalog, which isn't bad, just unexpected from a thai/japanese place, and really, a restaurant in general for me, and the jazz soundtrack reminds me a bit of Richard Cheese songs. That being said, it's very cozy, with nice, squishy chairs, and I felt quite comfortable and welcomed. The wait staff is awesome, and put up with my fussy co-worker admirably, and even let me know about their free-thai tea with yelp check in. The price is right for lunch at around $10/person, but for me, the food wasn't enough to take it from "A-OK" to "Yay!".
4	I was surprised at how small this place is and even more surprised at how comfortable the chairs were. This would be a great place to go for a casual date, I think. They have a fairly small menu with few vegetable options so I opted for the the tofu and basil dish and Max had the beef curry. He thought the curry was okay but I LOVED what I ordered! This tofu dish was presented almost like a work of art. (see picture below!)
3	Not great. I ordered the salmon. I figured it's not hard to mess up. It was cut into 3 cubes, pan fried. It came with a salad and a tangy/salty dipping sauce. Salmon was cooked nicely but it had no flavor. I didn't care too much for the sauce. I found more flavor in the salad.
4	I'm a woman of very few words when partaking of delicious foods.  I think most of the conversation at Taiga consisted of me saying, "This is frickin' delicious!"  Honestly, I was dragging my feet on coming to Taiga but alas my expiring Groupon motivated me.  The interior was surprising, given that this place is located next to a tattoo parlor.  The interior looks like a page from my Restoration Hardware catalog.  The tables have an urban vintage appeal with farm style tables and large studded accent chairs and benches.  Onto the most important part, we tried the grilled jumbo squid, cognac duck, and chicken katsu spicy drunken ramen.  The grilled squid lives up to the name, it comes sliced in the shape of a jumbo squid.  The portion was larger than I expected and was comparable to a squid steak.  The sweet citrus dipping sauce paired well with the squid.  I decided to also try dipping the squid in the house made soy sauce.  I honestly could not stop myself from reaching for the soy sauce jug!  The house soy sauce is more sweet than salty, similar to the sauce drizzled on Chinese cheong fun.  The squid is cooked perfectly and has a slight smoky flavor from the grill.  Seriously, it was frickin' delicious!  The second dish was the cognac duck with lemongrass, fried onion, fried basil, Thai chilies in a sweet tamarind sauce.  The duck was extremely tender, very similar to Chinese duck with plum sauce.  Although not the most amazing duck I've had, it was definitely a tasty flavor combination.  The last dish we tried was the most lack luster.  The drunken ramen probably would have faired better if there was some crunch to the noodles.  The stir fried ramen seemed very mushy and had a strange tinge of bitterness.  The katsu was katsu, nothing special.  The prices are more expensive than some of the other Thai places in town but the specialty dishes are worth the cost.The menu also has sushi rolls, but nothing that you wouldn't find at other Japanese establishments.  They also have an extensive lunch menu with options mostly under $10 on weekdays from 11:30-3:30.  Currently, they have a few promotions. $5 off $10+ delivery order and a 10% off coupon if you pay cash.  Also if you check in on Yelp you get a free Thai ice tea.  Even if it is just for one item, I will definitely be back for the jumbo grilled squid!
2	I always root for the little guys - especially when it is something unique. Ergo, I was really pulling for Tiaga. My first impression, was good enough, as the little space they have in an odd part of town (for a restaurant) is decorated with a modern, slick-yet-comfortable style. The server was friendly and really attentive (although, we were the only customers in there). So far so bueno. Now if we just did not order any food... Outside of the tasty caterpillar roll, everything else (gyoza, tom yum soup, scallops, crepe cake) was a letdown. Largely, the problem was that there was little flavor going on - and if you have ever had tom yum soup, you know that that is a difficult task! Both the gyoza and scallops seemed to be victims of overcooking, while soup lacked spice and the cake was just plain bland. Additionally, there was a gnat/fruit fly problem going on. With the food and the location, it was not too surprising that there was no else there when we arrived nor left.
5	First Impression- fantastic presentation, very artistic! The taste does not disappoint. Had the cognac duck and the scallops.  Scallops were tender but beware the chiles on top -- hot, hot, hot for a white boy's palate!  Definitely make sure to drizzle all the duck sauce on your rice -- the sauce is a bit sweet but light and full of flavor.  One of the most enjoyable meals in awhile as the food has layers of flavors.  Even a simple dessert of green tea ice cream with sweet sticky rice was beautifully presented: the sphere of ice cream floated on a pillow of lightly whipped cream next to a formed square of sticky rice drizzled in sauce, with a pinch of sesame seed and a sprig of fresh peppermint!  Beautiful!  Ambience is not fancy, but very nice and the chairs are comfortable.
5	Went to this place for my husband birthday. It was very good. Was hoping to try the crape cake my brother told me about. It ran out that night but the waitress was very nice and she arranged the ice cream and sticky rice for us instead. It was delicious :D the oyster mushroom salad was so yummy ! So is other dishes. We tried salmon shioyaki, rolls, and miso soup. It was very good also. Would go back again for sure 'cause I still wanna try the cake !
2	Ate here for lunch with a friend on a Monday. So this review is solely on the lunch service and we both had the sushi bento. Food: Portions are decent and well priced for the lunch menu ($10) but the sushi was super fishy and left a bad taste in my mouth even after I left. They have cheap thai iced tea, it's only $1 but they ran out :(Service: just okay kind of slow and there was just one other table seated. I feel the waitress was more preoccupied with to-go orders (they use a delivery service if you're interested!). She did accomodate a change in the sushi we ordered though which was nice. Ambience: The decor is modern and trendy, pretty nice. The chairs are really comfortable. But they also have like boxes of napkins lying around on a bench with a sign that says "broken do not sit." The music is kinda weird jazzy elevator music too. Because there aren't a lot of Asian restaurants around the area I might try again, but definitely not for sushi.
5	OMG, this place is fabulous.  Had a Groupon that was due to expired so ran there to cash it in. First the place is quite quaint and very clean.  The service is outstanding and the food is delicious.  Love the fact that you can control the level of "hotness/heat" that you want in your meal.  I ordered the Salmon Drunkin Noodles...DELICIOUS!!!  I know one reviewer wanted the noodles to be crispy, but to me, the soft noodles was the perfect way for me.  The fried basil leaves added just the right amount of succulent goodness to the dish.  The salmon was seasoned and fried perfectly.   My mouth was jumping with joy with each forkful.  Grab a date, or a friend, and head over for lunch or dinner.  You will not be disappointed.   I'm heading back real soon myself.
4	I've been here a few times. Not sure why I didn't throw up a review the first couple, but I'll do it now that I've been back.All I have done is the lunch specials, which are available 11:30-3:30. There's a variety of bento boxes and other options (might try the curry some time). They come with miso or tom yum soup, the latter of which is actually really good, and a salad with some sort of sweet dressing. Oh, and you've gotta try the Thai tea with a Yelp check-in if you want to know what happens when they actually use restraint with the addition of sugar.I think I had a beef teriyaki bento box the first time. It came with a couple pieces of a California roll, which was about as good as you can expect out of a California roll. It was good overall. The second time, I enjoyed an eel bowl with a decent portion of delicious unagi. Loved it.I'm giving the place just four stars, however, because I just wasn't as impressed with the pork garlic rice, which I had on my latest visit. The egg over easy was a nice tough, but I would have rather had something with a better mouth feel than what's essentially ground pork, and the bowl definitely needed salt. On top of that, the soy sauce threw the flavor profile off from how I expected it to be, but I think I corrected it enough in the end with my leftover salad dressing.It's a good lunch place for sure if you're in the area. I'll let others speak for the dinner options.
4	THAI ME DOWNWe were suppose to meet a long time friend across town, but couldn't make it due to a family emergency. So, I referenced to my Garmin for Hendertucky restaurant and headed towards TMJ&T without realizing it was right next door to Sunrise Coffee.Got there just before 5 pm and before the arrival of our server too.  Referenced back to friends who have dined here and quickly decided on two entrees and one dessert: Cognac Duck, Cod Delight and their signature dessert Crepe Cake.The Cognac Duck we've had at many different places and was expertly prepared. Cod Delight I won't order again. Fish had been frozened and lacked any sort of taste masked by other ingredients. Crepe Cake was equivalent to eating a green tea mochi  unwrapped. If in the immediate area we would not hesitate to return for more.
4	This place was clean and had plenty of seating when we arrived.  The waitress was polite and seated us quickly.We ordered the Cognac Duck, Chicken Katsu bowl, and the Caterpillar Roll.  The first two came with a good portion of rice and it didn't seem too long for the food to come out.  They offer a free thai iced tea for checking in on Yelp and allowed multiple of us to claim the offer (some places only allow 1 per group).The Cognac Duck was delicious!  It came with peppers, pineapple slices, greens, and a really tasty sauce that can be poured over your rice to enhance the flavor.  It alone made the trip here worth it!My brother ordered the Chicken Katsu bowl which was tasty but overall nothing special.  It came with its own bowl of rice and sauce.They have a variety of rolls but I went with the Caterpillar Roll.  It had thick pieces of avocado on top with eel.  Even my brother who doesn't like eel said it wasn't bad!  It was kind of hard to hold onto with the chopsticks though.Overall it was a pleasant dining experience.  If I could only recommend one dish, it would definitely be the Cognac Duck hands down!
4	I love having legitimate local restaurants so close to home!The ambiance at Taiga is more upscale than I expected, considering it used to be a sandwich shop. It's dimly lit, with comfy armchairs for seats.  The takeout counter doesn't quite fit, though. Service was friendly and prompt, even though we had our two kids with us. The food was all good but overly spicy. On the 1-10 scale, you should probably go 1-2 lower than usual. Standout for the night was the taiga shrimp appetizer. Take note that prices are also on the higher side.
5	I always wanted to try this place & I don't know why it took me so long! I wish I tried it sooner! The lunch specials are such a good deal! They are all about under $10 and they  come with 2 piece California roll, choice of miso or Tom yum soup and salad with Japanese dressing. Beef panang curry is thicker than usual but in a good way, creamy and they actually put lychee in it. Weird but surprisingly good! The unagi (eel ) bowl is great as well. Dragon roll was also nicely made, I hate when sushi rolls fall apart in some places. I wanted to try the crepe cake w/ green tea ice cream but was too full!  Definitely a regular from now on! Great flavor, friendly waitress and cozy atmosphere!
4	It was very nice restaurant, server is very friendly.We only order curry and a roll, I liked Taiga roll which is rapped by cucumber instead of rice.We most disappointed was hot sake.  Small house sake is over $10, I think that was very expensive for not high grade sake.  They don't have large bottle beer, which was OK I could order a small bottle for $4.  We might get more if price was little bit more reasonable.
3	The rating is more about the service received. Ordered the curry and the intense sushi roll with the crab, shrimp, avocado and spicy sauce. All of it was delicious and spicy. Waitress took my cup to refill my water ( my cup was 3/4 full) she disappeared for 20 minutes and left my mouth full of spices and no water! Also the addition of lychee in the curry which was not listed on the menu was interesting, I'm usually anti lychee but i tried it and it was absolutely amazed. The non rice sushi thing was pretty good too, We also shared the crepe cake which is what brought us in, the thai tea sauce was great! and the green tea ice cream was also good. The cake though was lacking, the filling in the crepe layers could have used some flavor, it was kind of bland, the thai tea sauce should be in the layers. All in all pretty tasty. When we got the check, the lady never came back to get the card, had to go up to the counter where she was talking to someone to get her to take my money.  It is a small restaurant and 1 waitress should be enough, but that one waitress was either having a bad night or isn't fit for the job.
4	One thing I miss about living in San Francisco is having take out options that go beyond pizza and Chinese food. Every now and then I am just looking for a take out treat that is just a little bit lighter. So I was really excited when I stumbled upon Taiga, and was hoping to add it to my list of options. Located across from one of the entrances to Sunset Park, Taiga could easily be missed. The only thing remotely interesting in the shopping center it is located in is Sunrise Cafe (which is constantly bustling and how I found Taiga in the first place). I'd walked by it a dozen times, and one day after grabbing coffee decided to stop in and grab some take out. We ordered the Taiga shrimp, the garlic pork rice bowl, and the grilled octopus. They also have a basic sushi and sashimi menu, some pretty yummy sounding salads, and some other tasty looking entrees. The food was definitely solid. The rice was maybe a little bit mushy, and the shrimp which were wrapped in wanton paper weren't anything special, but as far as take out options go I was totally satisfied. I'm interested in trying some of their other menu items as well as giving dining in a go, as the restaurant is cute with dimly lit lighting and comfortable looking tables. Overall I would probably give them 3 and a half stars, but I'll bump them up to 4 just for having take out options that I haven't been able to find anywhere else. Extra points because they also deliver, and are kind enough to walk your order over to Sunrise Cafe if you would like them to. If you are craving Japanese give them a try.
3	Came here for their lunch special and got the chicken bento box. Soup was included (choice of miso or tum yum) in my order and you get a choice of chicken katsu or teriyaki chicken if you order the chicken bento box. The staff are friendly and the decor inside is nice.The tum yum soup was okay and the portion size felt like it was small. The price for the meal all together was around $10.Don't forget to check-in on yelp for the free thai tea! =P
4	Fabulous design- from the outside, I never expected this restaurant to look so upscale and classy inside! The menu is simple but focuses on classic dishes and some sushi rolls: we opted for the grilled squid, the drunken noodles with shrimp, and the Twilight roll. The squid was the best: plated beautifully and served with a delicious sweet thai sauce that left us wanting more, just the perfect amount of char on it for flavor. A very simple, classic dish done very well. I'd come back for that dish.Next was the drunken noodles with shrimp: the shrimp were perfectly cooked and the portion of noodles wasn't too overwhelming. We ordered a 4 on the 1-10 spice scale and it had good heat without overpowering the dish. The bits of crunchy basil were a nice touch that added to the otherwise homogenous texture of the dish.Last was the Twilight roll: again, beautifully plated, with slices of lemon stuck between the pieces of sushi. The roll itself was a little on the light side in terms of size and flavor, I felt like it was almost missing something; but given the ingredients (cream cheese and tempura shrimp among them) I liked that the dish didn't weigh me down or feel overly fatty either.Also snagged the free thai tea with Yelp check in. I was surprised to see how good this place was, considering they were completely empty during dinner- this is a place that's out of the way for me, but that I'd return to, and I'm hoping they find a way to pick up business and stay open.
5	A best kept secret.  Trendy atmosphere, great background music and personable service.  The food was excellent.  Lunch specials for $7.95 do not disappoint.  The sushi is fresh and delicious.  Nothing bad to say about this place.  Highly recommend!
4	There were only 9 other diners in the restaurant on this Saturday evening which does not bode well for its future.  We shared orders of cod delight (fillets steamed with lime juice, Thai chili, garlic, sugar, Thai herbs) and cognac duck (grilled duck with dried pepper, lemon grass, homemade sweet tamarind sauce). Both dishes were well executed with fresh flavors.  The only negative was the cod was tad on the overdone side.
4	We were stalking Shirley B...Kidding. We read her review of Taiga and thought it'd be worth a try. They are in the same building as a very popular coffee shop, plenty of parking, and voila, a Groupon also appears! To cut to the chase, we really enjoyed our first meal here, enough to buy a SECOND Groupon to eat there again. However, that second visit, I felt that I tried everything I was interested in trying, so it's not one of those menus where you makes you keep wanting to come back for new items. No, wait, I take that back. They do have a mango/sticky rice dessert available seasonally.Grilled Whole SquidUni w/ Ponzu SauceChicken TeriyakiTaiga ShrimpPork Garlic BowlCod DelightTwilight RollKohana Roll (no rice)Crepe Cake w/ Green Tea ice creamMy favorites were the Grilled Whole Squid and the Kohana Roll. I wasn't crazy about the Cod Delight. And the Crepe Cake, surprisingly. The server asked me if I wanted to take the remainder home, which I replied no. She was so surprised, and informed me that I was the first customer to not like the cake. Man! I'll have to go back for that mango/sticky rice dessert. If you look at the Yelp food pictures, you can tell immediately what lengths they go to for artistic dish presentation. I love it. It's always nice to see pretty food that's also tasty!The service was very good. They were attentive, efficient, and friendly. Lunch specials are available 11:30am-3:30pm Mon-Fri. Show your Yelp check-in for a free Thai Tea!So now...where's Shirley B. going to next???
2	With my Groupon about to expire I made my way across town to check out Taiga. My experience reminded me why I rarely buy Groupons anymore -- the restaurants usually aren't very good.The interior is chic and sexy with some really comfortable chairs. That's pretty much the highlights of the place. The cuts of fish that made up the garlic tuna nigiri were ample, but the quality was poor and stringy. The tuna in the tuna maguro (tuna tuna?) was the same quality. There was plenty of cabbage with the dish but it was drowning in dressing that drowned out the flavors of every other component in the dish. The Tiger roll was the best item we had but still not that memorable.No matter how good the interior looks or how good the menu might sound the poor quality of the ingredients doomed this place from the beginning. Another Groupon, another disappointing dining experience...
