5	I give 5 stars but they don't always have my favorite flavor yogurt available. However even without my favorite froyo Swirls is the best frozen yogurt and ice cream place in Scottsdale. The staff is friendly and the rewards program is a great advantage. The owner whom I have met takes great pride in his store and is very personable. The store even had yogurt for your dog and a bowl of cold water for them to drink from if you decide to enjoy your yogurt outside. Swirls used to be yogurtology but I guess they changed their name, however as long as they serve fantastic yogurt I don't care what they name it. I'm in.
5	Swirls is the best yogurts place in Scottsdale arizona. Way better than Pinkberry and brogurtland . I the ice cream places in Scottsdale cannot match up to their superior ice cream and yogurt. I would recommend swirls as the best yogurt and ice cream store in Scottsdale.
5	This place is great the staff is always friendly and inviting. This is my go to yogurt shop I don't think any of the others out there even compare to this place!
5	Great neighborhood yogurt shop. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The flavors are fantastic! One of the better quality yogurt shops in the valley. Definitely stop in if you get the chance! The vanilla custard yogurt is one of my favorites!
5	I really enjoyed this yogurt joint. The pineapple tasted really well and everything was clean. It was the same as yogurtolgy.. No change. Frozen yogurt is always fun to eat when your bored
1	We just went into get frozen  yogurt. The middle aged employee was busy at the front counter. My husband went to grab the cups. He then saw the little sample cups and went to grab one. The employee ran to the back rudely, saying "can't you read" It says employees only. He apologized, saying he did not see the sign. He then walked away, from her she loudly said "don't you want a sample!" If the kids hadn't already filled there yogurt cups we would have left. We have been going to this location for years, never have we been treated so rudely! We will be going to another yogurt shop from now on if this is the customer service they provide.
4	I've had frozen yogurts at several locations in at least 5 states but this shop is definitely among my favorites, I love the euro tart flavor and they do it just right. Plus they have a bunch of great toppings, some I can't deem to find anywhere else like the gummy cubs and peach popping boba. The only complaint I have about them is that I just wish they were a bit cheaper and their fruit was a bit fresher.
5	Amazing yogurt. I have been taking my kids to yogurt shops for years but not that had atmosphere like this. Friendly employees, different yogurt flavors than the ordinary but me as a mom loves the traditional sugar free vanilla and chocolate they had....even that I could do as a swirl, great toppings...again.. even a mom could enjoy (healthy granola...wow, so good), tv's and beautiful decoration. Its great that they thought of the parents, not just the kids, when it comes to toppings....I'm even excited to go back..not just the kiddos! Felt like we could take our time to eat our yogurt while the kids caught up on their favorite show on t.v..they didn't want to leave! My kids have been begging for us to go back daily.  We are now hooked.
4	Some of the best yogurt I have had in the Valley. It is apparent that they do not add water to their yogurt because it is very creamy. I am not overly impressed with their selection of flavors. They have a great selection of toppings though, and we all know that is where the magic happens. Good customer service and decent prices too.
