5	After watching a movie downtown, we decided to get a light lunch and I chimed in about how much I've been wanting to try Centurion since we nosed around on a bike ride last weekend. Little did I know we were in for a decidedly bold lunch. First, I must mention this place is in no way associated with its former tenant (214 Bistro and a later "rebirth" by the same guy). So there's no need to be apprehensive about the food or the service. And while the space hasn't been expanded, you won't be assaulted by airborne capcaisin upon entering. Rather, you'll begin your adventure into a quaint world with exceptional food. Our starter course was the fromage plate ($9) and we selected fromage a trois, manchego and goat cheeses. This was served with homemade bread, dijon mustard and jam on the side and strawberries. [The menu mentions a seasonal fruit is served with the cheese plate.] All were fantastic. Since none of us were terribly hungry, we decided to share our lunches. Robert ordered the gnocchi in shitake dijon cream sauce with panchetta ($13), his mom ordered the shitake spinach risotto ($8) and I their white truffle pizza ($12). Rob's gnocchi was triumphant and boldly flavorful, but not overpowering with the dijon mustard. MIL's risotto was delicate on the palette and remarkably refreshing on its bed of fresh spinach. My pizza was remarkably executed. It's made in a brick oven with pecan wood, which lends a fantastic smokiness throughout the entire pizza. Incidentally, the oven is also used to roast the rack of lamb and poached tilapia, which are on the dinner menu. So our "light" lunch turned into quite the experience, and with to-go boxes as we were all pleasantly sated on our rich meals by the time we were about half way through the portions. I'm on the fence about whether this would be a good place for a group. On the one hand, you could totally take over the restaurant with about a dozen people and feel like you have the place rented out to yourself. On he other hand, once this place gets in the foodie rotation it will be harder to accommodate. At least that's what I'm hoping.  Something that may want to be addressed is the bench seating. I was higher up at the table than Rob and Belinda and my legs were close to touching the bottom of the table. Maybe with someone heavier they would sink into the cushions more? Centurion was a hit with us, and this will be a place I'll return to again and again (I'm so excited to try the lamb!), and be in the top five places I'll be taking out-of-town guests. While they presently don't serve alcohol, they are applying for a license and intend to have premium beverage options (think a notch or more above top shelf).
5	I checked out Centurion at the end of June after driving past it for the last month.  It was a great.  Very small but friendly place.  The chef and waitress were the only ones there when we got there but their enthusiasm more than made up for the empty tables.  They offered great suggestions and were friendly and courteous.  All of their suggestions for entrees to try were spot on and the chef let us know he loves suggesting wine/meal combos.  After we got there a few other tables got seated for dinner as well.  Everyone seemed new to the restaurant and everyone seemed happy that they stopped by.  I'll definitely be going again!
4	With quaint accommodations, friendly staff and interesting selection of food choices, I was able to forgive, and forget, that the Centurion didn't yet have a liquor license. The Centurion is a cozy (and by cozy, I mean small) place. But it has personality and I can imagine myself hanging out on the patio after work - in cooler weather. For those vegetarians out there, Centurion offers a diverse selection choices. For our lunch, my companion and I split a Heirloom Tomato (with Brie) Panini and the Shitake Spinach Risotto.  Both were flavorful. And the prices are quite reasonable at $8/each. The menu offers a diverse selection which includes burgers, pizza, pasta, salads (all around $9) and some higher priced dinner entrees (ranging from $23-$42). I hope to return to try their dinner entrees, the blue cheese crusted filet mignon sounds wonderful! I feel like I had fallen upon a hidden neighborhood gem. I'm crossing my fingers for their liquor license!
3	Centurion has great potential in Phoenix, however there are still some things it needs to work on. When we first walked in to the restaurant, I felt a little overwhelmed. The space is kind of small and the decor is a little too full of knick-knacks for my taste. Also, I felt a little teased by the many bottles of booze along the wall, since Centurion does not yet have a liquor license. However, they have an awesome looking patio out front that I can't wait to use once the weather cools down a bit. The staff was super friendly and helpful throughout the meal. The chef made some suggestions with the cheese plate we tried, and it was awesome. I can't wait till they add more cheese to the list to try and they have wine to go with it. The entree, I had was a little lack luster for me. I chose the spinach and shitake mushroom risotto. The risotto was cooked well, but a little too salty for my liking. I also tried a bite of the gnocchi with vegetables. It had a good wine sauce, however, again a little on the salty side. All in all I would definitely like to go back once they have a liquor license. The cheese plate alone was that good!
5	Just went there last night with my boyfriend for a romantic date night.  We decided to try it out because 1) it had some pretty good reviews (minus the space being small they said & no liquor license) and 2) we found a gift certificate for it on restaurants.com.  I am so delighted that we did give this place a chance, it was simply amazing.  Yes, it was small (but cozy & romantic are more accurate words I believe).  Yes it did NOT sell alcohol (they're working on it).  BUT, oh my gosh the food, the service & atmosphere totally make up for those two flaws (1 of which they are working on they told us~ the liquor license).  We sat inside right in front of where teh cooking was happening.  I'm amazed the chef can cook 1) all that food by himself and 2) in such small quarters.  But did he ever cook!  They brought us homemade artisian bread (delicious!), then we ordered stuffed mushrooms wrapped in bacon (the sauce was unforgettable!).  After that we had our entrees, which yes were a little pricey, but when we saw what we got and the quality of the food it was most definitely worth it.  I had the rack of lamb (oh. my. GOD. Seriously heaven on a plate!).  My boyfriend got the surf n' turf with crab meat in a puff pastry and filet mignon (I loved it, but still thought mine was better). No room for dessert, maybe next time!Can't wait to go back, maybe for their Sunday brunch.  Thank you for an amazing romantic date night meal Centurion!
4	If there was a half star, Centurion would get 4.5 stars.I was slightly skeptical at first when there was just the chef and waitress in the restaurant.  Considering this was a Saturday night, I thought I didn't get the memo that this was a lunch-oriented place and not the place to be for dinner.  I was so glad to be wrong, for once and only for once.They warmly greeted us as we entered.  We were so hungry that we started out with their cheese plate.  It was a nice assortment of manchego, double-creamed brie, and since i mentioned I loved blue, the chef gave us their blue that was not even on the menu.  You get to choose 3 cheeses out of 6-9 choices.  The cheese plate was nicely arranged with fruits (grapes, strawberries) and nuts.  In addition, he added fig jam and Dijon mustard that gave it a nice kick.  Compared to other restaurants in the valley, it was one of the nicer cheese plates and selections.Next, on to 3 different kinds of risotto (coconut and shrimp, chorizo and manchego, white truffle), which were very rich.  The food just kept coming with our filet mignon, lamb, and halibut (entree for 2).  I know it was a lot of food for the 2 of us but I just had to try it all.  The filet mignon was good but although ordered rare, it was more on the medium rare side for me.  The sauce that was made for the lamb was fantastic; however, I've had a better cut of lamb.It had a nice ambiance; however, the benches were very high and we had to move to another table.  Thankfully, the chef was aware of the issue and they are anticipating taking care of it.  The patio was really cute and inviting and will be a perfect place to grab a drink (once they get liquor license) after the weather becomes cool. The chef was very personable and we will be back  to try his recommendation of the Espana pizza.  I hope others will try this place to keep it going because it's a wonderful independent restaurant that Phoenix needs!
5	I'm starting to form an association with this place and watching movies at AMC AZ Ctr. Friday night I stopped by to have a dinner before seeing a film. Shortly after arriving, they addressed me by name and inquired about my bacon tattoo (thanks, Amy D!! They thought it was a hoot.) And they remembered I wrote about wanting the try the lamb ($27). In a word: Phenomenal Rubbed with Dijon mustard and topped with fresh herbs, the lamb was baked rare (I don't see any reason to cook lamb past rare; doing so destroys the terrific texture and flavor that make lamb such a treat for me). The manchego and chorizo risotto paired perfectly with the lamb. And I was surprised the cheddar basil waffle was actually a Belgium waffle in style as I was envisioning something much thinner. Yet it all worked remarkably well. Now I must acknowledge this was a spurge for me. At $27, I knew it was something I couldn't enjoy every week. But for that price, I was delighted with a generous rack of lamb and a hefty portion of risotto. In fact, it was entirely too much for me to eat in one meal. And as my leftovers sat next to me in the theater, I felt wonderfully fulfilled not only because I converted to Team Jacob but because of the knowledge I would have the best lunch in the office come Monday. Centurion is a damn fine restaurant.
4	Very cozy, quaint little restaurant. The store is run by chef and server and they are very friendly and hospitable.I was brought here through a Restaurant.com coupon and was impressed; it's very high-end food, you definitely need somewhat of a refined palette to truly enjoy. Their entrees are about $25 a person, so be prepared to spend some money! The food was excellent, however just beyond my taste buds.
5	I had the Gnocchi in Shitake Dijon Cream Sauce, and it was unreal.  Cute little place.  I didn't sit to eat so I can't comment on the service, but they were extremely amicable when I ordered my take out.
4	I stopped by for lunch with a group from work. We were in and out in about 45 minutes. I ordered the margherita pizza. Delicious! A friend ordered the veggie pizza. I think I liked that even more! It had yellow squash, Italian squash (or zucchini. . .or both?), and mushrooms. Melted in my mouth. . . The price to taste ratio is just right. :] I would highly recommend this restaurant if you are in the area.
5	My good friend Bacon (see review below) and his partner invited me to Sunday brunch. And going off of my first impression, I'm a fan of this place. I had one of their skillets--a poached egg, filet mignon, potatoes and shitake mushrooms. Filet. Mignon. Those words alone on a brunch menu is a rare occurrence. And I would not have thought to combine it with mushrooms I usually associate with stuff my Chinese mom cooked for us growing up. But the flavors really worked. The meat was just right, not fall-off-the-bone tender. The potatoes had flavor too. And it wasn't an insane portion. $10 for a meal that includes pieces of filet mignon--pretty good deal! In such an intimate--but not totally cramped--space, you can easily strike up a conversation with the owner/chef, hostess and any other staff. All three could not have been nicer while we were there. Also, love their taste in furniture and can't wait 'til the weather improves and the cool patio will be available. Also, let's hope that liquor license comes through soon!
5	What a hidden gem.  Quiet place with great food and owners.
3	Charming 3-star newcomer. Stumbled upon Centurion while downtown for Third Friday, piqued by the curious Roman centurion statue beckoning from the outer courtyard.Pros:Approachable, balanced wine list; chef was friendly to suggest pairings and provided another guest with a personalized tasting experience. Owner mentioned beer license pending, plans to offer largely microbrew, craft beer selections.Interesting, ambitious menu with several different moules preparations, a tempting risotto selection, and brick oven-fired pizzas.Owners have put in a lot of thought into the European feel - Old World decor, mostly tables for two, couch seating against two walls of the restaurant, gated front patio seating.  Of note - they offer extensive happy hour and reverse happy hour/late night specials.Negs:Service was inexplicably slow despite the restaurant having only a few parties. When asked about the unusually high amount of cracked mussels in a dish (~1/3), the server she responded that the chef probably just stirred too hard, which he corrected and pegged the poor quality to their supplier. At any rate, would recommend staying away from moules to avoid a mouthful of shell pieces. The Portugese preparation did not include any chorizo, contrary to the description.The formal dinner settings were a bit overwhelming for the tiny cafe, which would have made movement impossible if the restaurant was full. While Centurion still has some work to do on sorting out its kinks, would return as it is overall a unique neighborhood find.
2	An intriguing concept: Food from areas that the Roman centurions conquered. Places like Achaea (Greece), Hispania (Spain), Gaul (France), Judea (the Middle East), and Britannia (England).     An intriguing menu:  Mushroom, Goat Cheese and Spinach Strudel ($10); Bricked Fired Poached Tilapia with Sage Butter, served with Coconut and Shrimp Risotto ($23);Gnocchi in Shitake Dijon Cream Sauce ($13).     An intriguing venue: A tiny place with old world decor - red walls, chandeliers, lots of empty wine bottles on the ledge behind the banquette, and a cute little patio with an amusing statue of a centurion outside the wrought iron fence.     So what more could you ask? Regrettably, lots...     We were four, for lunch. Ken and I arrived first and ordered an appetizer of Stuffed Mushrooms wrapped in Prosciutto ($8). It did not arrive until well after our friends, Leon and Sena came in. They wanted to try the Strudel, but were told it wasn't available. Our mushrooms were three of the ugliest lumpy things I've seen in a long time. They had been cooked in the pizza oven which pretty much incinerated the ham and dried out the mushrooms However, with enough of the accompanying Aged Cheddar Tarragon Sauce spooned over them, they were fairly tasty. Sena got a panini of eggplant in tomato sauce. The eggplant was almost raw, so it was chewy and bitter. Ken ordered Mussels in a Mustard Sauce ($10) served with Endless Bread. The jar of mustard had never found the sauce. Leon asked for a hamburger with ketchup. He was told that no ketchup was served in the restaurant because it would interfere with the bold flavors of the food. I would applaud this as a policy had there been any bold flavors. Ken quipped that most of the food seemed to have its roots in Britannia. My Espana Pizza ($14) had a nice amount of manchengo and mozzarella cheeses, but was pretty low on the chorizo topping.The crust was something of a disaster - burnt on the edges and flabby in the center.     Service was poor.. With only two other customers in the restaurant, there was no excuse for ice tea glasses that were not refilled until we pointed it out, dishes that were not cleared from the table to make way for new ones, a long wait for Ken's entree to be served after the other three had arrived, and the lack of a bowl to put his mussel shells in. The restaurant also had a general air of sloppiness about it. I don't believe that chef/owner Eric Osburn was in the house while we were there, at least I hope he wasn't. But he needs to be more aware of what's going on when he isn't present.     Hopefully Centurion will make the effort to live up to its concept, menu and venue. I'd like to be intrigued.
3	After all the restaurants with one ill-prepared owner came and went, now the nice folks who run Centurion are making a go of it. The results are  good, and it's a place I tried on a safe note and will get more adventurous as I go back.I had an Italian Burger, came with a nice simple salad with a strawberry balsamic dressing. The burger was stacked with Proscietta, well-made if a bit bland. I have to say I was more impressed with the originality of the salad then my plain choice of burger, but it was good.A friend had the margharite pizza, tasty but maybe more spinach would have mad it even better for her, the vegetarian. Lastly, another friend ordered a mussels dish and loved it.Wine of mine was a imported Cava, somewhat pricey at $7.00 for a champagne glass flute. Burger was $9.00.We ate on the patio, which has come along way from previous restaurant versions of this location. Inside looked nice, but I'd think twice about blasting inappropriate rock music in this tiny bistro-like room. Off-putting, and glad for the quiet of the street. If there had been no tables open outside, I would have not stayed.Service was great and paced and attentive. I feel like this is a family project, which is why I will come back and try other dishes and wines. By the way, a unique feature is that all wines are imports. Kinda neat to see Roosevelt grow up.
5	I firmly believe an establishment shouldn't receive 5 stars unless they are perfect.  I have tried to find some reason to knock off a star.  Maybe even label it 5 but call it 4.5. But I just can't. This guy has it figured out.What first struck me about Centurion is the price.  If you want to show up and drop $50 a plate, sure Chef Eric will oblige you and steer you to the lamb.  But I've never left this place and left hungry for more than $10. His lunch selection includes paninis, salads, the best risotto I've ever had, and mind-blowing burgers.  (Zinburger? Who's that?)Do you like wine?  Come prepared to have the perfect pairing with whatever you order.  You won't be sorry.The service has never been short of phenomenal. Prepare to tip big.This is my new favorite place in the downtown area.  Get here as soon as you can!
4	There are already enough long reviews for this place, so I'll keep it short.I moved here from Chicago and Centurion reminds me of Chicago's many great independent, neighborhood restaurants. I was really impressed with everything, and I'll probably bump the review up to 5 stars if my next visit is as good as the first. Additional note: I am a strict carnivore and my gf is near vegan; we both had no problem finding something great on the menu.
4	Shortly after posting my entry about Centurion (see below) I received an email from chef/owner Eric Osburn stating that the had, indeed, not been in the restaurant during our lunch because someone had set fire to their fence, and he was taking care of that. We had noticed the damage on our way in. He asked that we give Centurion another try.Since, as I said in my review, there were many intriguing things about the place, we decided to do that.     The patio had been repaired, and even improved on, with the addition of canvas "sails" overhead to block the sun. It was 2PM, there were few customers, and we were able to have a good conversation with Eric. He's a graduate of the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park and is passionate about food. With Centurion, he wants to overturn many of the problems he's noticed in other restaurants. He aims to be high-end, but with reasonable prices and no pretension. His kitchen is right in back of the windows looking out on Roosevelt, so the cooks don't feel shut in. And like many chefs now, he tries to use local and sustainable products, making for a seasonal menu.He even told me a great way to cook butternut squash - using a cider reduction and vanilla.     The truly notable changes in our meal were with the stuffed mushrooms and the sauce that came with the mussels. Instead of being ugly lumps, the mushrooms were a work of art. They had been split, stuffed with rice, and wrapped in proscuitto. Looking like exotic oysters, they were so pretty I hated to cut into them. But I was glad I did, because this time they were perfectly cooked and delicious. The mustard sauce on the mussels was well balanced, with the flavors of mustard and white wine playing off each other. We kept soaking it up with the accompanying tasty house-made bread. I have to say I still wasn't crazy about the eggplant panini, but it was more thoroughly cooked than the last time. I guess it's just a matter of taste.     Because it was Eric who served us, things went well. I'm willing to accept the fact that the staff had been upset about the fire and not functioning as well as they ordinarily would. We'll be going back to try the dinner entrees, so I guess we'll find out.
5	Wow, this place is great! I ordered the heirloom tomato salad and the vegetarian pizza. My uncle who dined with me ordered stuffed mushrooms and tilipia. Everything was extremely tasty and the service was great. It is a very small little place, so I had made reservations. The menu has interesting salads, apps, main dishes, and the wine was delicious as well, although I'm not sure what it was.  The chef actually comes to speak to each customer about the wine and dishes. I love this place, and it helps that it's in my apartment building!My second visit included the white bean appetizer, which is apparently new. I wouldn't say I loved it, but it was unique. There were warm greens, with onion and white beans, bread with hummus, and cold white beans with green beans and red peppers. It's totally vegetarian but just OK.  I tried the margherita pizza this time, and of course the crust is satisfying again (tasty heated up again in the toaster oven). The vinegar on the pizza was a delicious touch. I only had one piece of pizza, since we also shared the tilapia that comes with shrimp risotto. The risotto was much better than I expected with a coconut flavor and the shrimp were cooked correctly with a lot of spice. The tilapia was as flavorful and properly cooked as before. The web site LocalDines provides gift cards for the Centurion - pay $25 for a $50 card - nice!Do note that since it is a tiny restaurant, you will smell like restaurant and food and cooking upon leaving, unless you choose to sit outside.  It's not a bad thing if it doesn't bother you, but it's something that is hard for me to ignore!
5	This place is awesome! Thanks for the find yelp!!! Been here twice in the past week and had great food both times. This is real food prepared by a real chef, not prepared crap that just gets heated up in a microwave. The baked brie was delicious, however the oven broke today, so we went with the stuffed mushrooms which were also damn good. I had the spicy shrimp in coconut risotto the first time in, and dijon gniocchi this time. Got to keep coming back as the menu changes seasonally. Cant wait to try the pizza next week!
4	It was a Friday night, my wife had been on Yelp looking for a good place to grab dinner before we went downtown to the ballet (the in-laws bought us tickets, I had to go!), we decided to check out Centurion in the upcoming "historic" district on roosevelt.It's a quaint diner on the street surrounded by old brick buildings with a small patio. We posted up in the corner on a couple of couches, the server was prompt in greeting us and getting our drink order, I ordered an IPA and my wife had a red Italian wine after a recommendation by the server. My wife was happy with the recommendation, it was a good wine for her taste. Next we ordered our entree's, I had the Lamb Shank's and waffles with Chorizo Risotto and my wife had their Bleu Cheese Crusted Fillet with White Truffle Risotto. The Lamb was cooked perfectly and was very flavorful, the kicker for me was the chorizo risotto, it was light's-out! A truly balanced plate of food. My wife's plate was also good, but her Fillet was ordered medium-rare and it came out medium-well, which is unfortunate. She still enjoyed the cut, she was impressed with the bleu-cheese crust, and she is NOT a bleu cheese person AT ALL. The White-Truffle Risotto was good, cooked perfectly but not as thrilling as my Chorizo Risotto.The only other disappointment we had beside the overcooked fillet was when we went back later that night for desert my wife had realized that the owner had come out and greeted almost every other table that night aside from ours. After spending over $120 between dinner and dessert we felt deserving of the same treament, I'm sure it wasn't intentional and won't stop us from coming back, but it was the difference between 4 and 5 stars for this review. Next time I'm confident Centurion will redeem itself, we recommend it for a nice, upscale night out on the town.
4	After reading Dante M.'s review (we think he has a discerning culinary taste), my husband and I decided to stop by Centurion.  It is a very cool place, small and cozy.  Being a cheese lover, I had to try the Baked Brie, yummy gooey goodness.  We also had the Shitaki gnocchi.  It was very good.  We can't wait to come back with friends.
3	3.25...A bit hidden underneath the trees and buildings. Went for lunch during week, only 2 people inside. Place is extremely small, sat outside. Ordered prosciutto and cheese sandwich, sisters ordered tuna sandwich and grape, blue cheese salad. Made lemonade fresh, not too bad. Food was good, not great. Probably won't be back...Sorry not more info but I was getting further away from when I ate...memory probs.. ;)
5	In a word: wow! I  consider myself a bit of a foodie and thought i knew of many of the great places in Phoenix, but I was really blown away this evening! I had a celebratory dinner to organize for a work gig with late notice, and this place was mentioned by a coworker. We made a reservation and were unfortunately late, but they called to make sure they should hold the table. We were greeted warmly (although an hour late!) The chef/co-owner greeted us and seated us, and told us about the menu. We ordered wine that was very reasonably priced, and amazing dishes including osso bucco, lamb, pork and filet mignon. The seasonings, sauces and sides were amazing and very creative and well thought. The service was wonderful and the chef and staff attentive and entertaining.The dessert (my soft spot) was amazing! They offer a limited list of the most incredible things! The two we tried were a chocolate chili 'soup' with a puff pasty and strawberries which was incredible (and I had to take the remaining little bit home!) and the chocolate flourless cake was excellent. It's a small place with nice touches on a quiet part of Roosevelt, and was a really lovely surprise. I'm already planning my return trip!
4	12/30/10 My mom was in town and as my birthday drew near she asked where I would like to go to dinner. I had 2 area restaurants I had not tried on my list and Centurion was one of them. We bundled up and walked over. The cold weather was not conducive to patio dining, even with heaters, so we choose to eat in. They had a 9 top in the corner and an incoming reservation of 4 so we sat at the counter. I usually enjoy this anyway because I love watching the chef(s) do their thing. Of course in here it is so small it doesn't matter where you sit, you have a front row seat to the action. The chef was working sans sous chef and was hustling as were his waitress and dish washer. As we were getting settled in and reviewing the menu, which changes seasonally (as do the wines), the 9-top was receiving their appetizers, stuffed mushrooms wrapped in prosciutto served with a taragon cheddar sauce.  Mmmm.....we had been looking at the Mushroom, goat cheese and spinach strudle, but this helped us decide.  As soon as I saw lamb on the menu my decision was made for me.  My mom was torn between a few dishes but decided on the taglioilini with pulled duck.  The dishes were great!  The pesto risotto that filled the mushrooms was cooked to perfection with excellent texture.  The wood oven imparted a wonderful richness to the already rich dishes we ordered.  I would have to agree with Dante's review about the pasta dish, a thicker noodle would have really made the dish stellar as the thin pasta was overwhelmed by the sauce.  It was also quite "oily" and was evident when we attempted to reheat the leftovers (removed several tablespoons after reheating).  Not a "diet" dish that's for sure.  My lamb was tender and not over done, although I prefer it more on the medium rare side. The dijon herb crust and the chorizo in the risotto played off each other well.  The savory crispy yet fluffy herb and cheese waffles which accompanied the lamb were also a pleasant surprise.  Taking a piece of waffle and a bite of the risotto with the lamb was a wonderful rich taste treat. The chef made great wine recommendations to accompany our dishes. We were too full for desert...next time I guess....So why 4 stars and not 5?  The ventalation was poor.  We left smelling of all the food being cooked there that night and even had to go home and change our clothes and freshen up  before we went out again.   Otherwise it was a wonderful evening and a great meal.
5	I had the opportunity to go to Centurion after I found them on Groupon. All I can say is that the food was totally awesome, the service was great and the chef took time to come over and talk to us.  Being European I can say that I have very high standards when it comes to food. We had eggs Benedict, Italian & Spanish skillet and there were all coked just perfect. I highly recommend this place. We will be back there soon.
5	So you like very good food and think the kitchen is the place to be?? Well, this is the spot for you. Pull up a seat at the counter and watch chef/owner Eric go through his paces. Every dish is unique and every preparation comes with a heavy dose of care, thought and local ingredients. In fact, I learned of the place by bumping into Eric at the farmer's market. The real show is the open kitchen. Eric's asbestos hands will amaze you as he reaches into the 900-1200 degree forno (oven) and turns your pizza by hand or checks on the marvelous lamb... The risottos are perfectly done as well. Ours had manchego cheese and the creamy delight was topped off with a chorizo that was the perfect topping and, of course, Eric prepares each one himself, to order. Phoenix' love affair with chain restaurants just might be ib trouble if a few more chefs open places like Centurion..
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food9 **Drinks**10 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueThis is a 4.5 stars that rounds up to 5.  I'll explain why at the end.The food here is amazing, as you would expect from a chef as expertly trained and experienced as this guy.I love their brunches especially, but dinners are great too.  And their wine & cheese is out of this world.  The wines are all chosen VERY particularly, and the cheese and accoutrements are delicious.  Tip for brunch boozers, though: ask for half the OJ on the mimosas.Centurion also uses local ingredients from the public market - I know because I've seen the chef there getting his ingredients for the day.My only nit is that the wall/booth seats inside are awkwardly high by about 5 inches.  The result is that you are basically sit/standing and the over-elevation puts the table too far underneath you.  Super uncomfortable.  For that reason I always pick a table w/o a wall seat, or outside on the really nice patio.Damn, after writing this and thinking about the delicioius brunch scrambles and their wines, I think I'm gonna have to make another trip there this week :)
5	Went to Centurion as a result of Groupon - the title said European fare, so I couldn't pass it up.My boyfriend and I went there on a Tuesday night, which seemed to be a low night - better for us! The part owner/executive chef Eric was very attentive and he spent quite some time talking about the restaurant, the food, the type of customers he targets. You could sense his passion!We shared a brick oven margarita pizza and the pork loin entree, along with a glass of red wine and their signature dessert - a pastry filled with berries and mascarpone cheese, served with hot chilly chocolate soup!!!I was impressed with the food, the ambiance and the service - I look forward to going back again for one of their prix-fix menu events and for brunch! I already know how we're celebrating Valentine's Day :-)I thought the place was a bit small, but cozy and a little romantic. They had table cloths - growing up in Europe, I often think those are usually a sign of a respectable, gourmet food restaurant, and in the case of Centurion, I was right!Moreover - they had a print of "Apparition of Face and Fruit Dish on a Beach" on display, painting by Salvador Dali, one of my favorite surrealist artists; you don't see that often!
3	So I ended up coming here for lunch today at the suggestion of some fellow Yelpers (thanks for the recommendation). Maybe I built this place up too much in my head, but I thought it was just ok. It did win points for being a block away from my dad's work (which is who I went with) and having outdoor seating on such a beautiful day! It lost points because the portion sizes were very small and the food just wasn't all that special. I got the gnocchi with seasonal veggies and my dad got the chorizo and manchego cheese risotto. My food was flavorful, but the red wine sauce was a little overpowering to most of the vegetables. The gnocchi was good and the carrots were really good, but the rest was kind of lost in the sauce. The risotto also wasn't anything too special. Now, I know I will be back here because I have a groupon for this restaurant that I forgot to use today, but I will definitely try dinner. I think my experience may be a lot different then, but for now... just 3 stars.
4	Let me start with the negatives.  The restaurant is teeny tiny with an open kitchen, which means you smell everything, good and bad (something had burned right before we walked in) and it can be hard to get a table. The positives: the owner is the perfect small business owner.  He delivers incredibly personalize business to his customers.  He greets you and if he has time he visits and shares really freely about his business and the ups and downs of being a locally owned business in central Phoenix.  It is hard to find businesses that provide this level of customized service and interactions and I found Eric, and his restaurant refreshing.My bf and I went to Centurion for brunch and had eggs benedict, a belgian waffle and mimosas.  The waffle was fine...not bad at all, but nothing remarkable.  The eggs benedict were fantastic.  Another plus?  The brunch menu is cheap, cheap, cheap (great value)!I'm looking forward to coming back for dinner.
5	I have been to Centurion multiple times and this is by far my favorite place to eat!  The intimate setting is perfect for a date or just to get away.  The food has always been exceptional.  The wines are  excellent.  I recommend this place to anyone and everyone.  Don't pass this place up.  Treat yourself!
3	Good, but I don't think I'll "cross the Rubicon" for this place.  Don't get me wrong, the food and location are good...it's the execution.  The things that soured the experience for us.First, the whole restaurant.com mess.  We went with our gift card.  We were greeted with a sign explaining that if we had a card we should see the manager to get a refund.  We did as the sign requested, but were rebuffed.  She said that they were now overwhelmed and that we should take it up with the folks of restaurant.com. She explained that it was beyond their control.  Bad form, take down the sign then. Caesar wouldn't have put up with that kind of response in his legions.  Second, the set up of the place is cluttered and confusing and small.  There is no hostess to direct traffic- unless the you count the Centurion- so you are left guessing as to what to do.  Third, we came right before six and were told we had to wait five minutes to order from the dinner menu.  That was odd and not very accommodating. Once they work out the kinks- namely the restaurant.com fiasco- the place has potential.  The food was good.PS- The website states, "Serving food from the regions where the ancient Roman centurion marched with his men, i.e. France, Italy, Belgium, Spain, etc.." I had the coconut shrimp risotto.  It was great but I was unaware that the Roman Empire extended to Southeast Asia or the Pacific Islands.  I don't think any Roman, centurion or otherwise, ever tasted the sweet meat of the coconut.  Any historians are free to correct me.
4	I'm a lazy yelper but this place is worth discussion.I've been there twice this week. The first time was for two appetizers: the risotto stuffed, pancetta wrapped mushrooms and the manchego-chorizo risotto. After two days of daydreaming about the latter, we returned for a lengthier dinner.The only thing I did not like is the seating arrangements. Seating is tight and limited and sitting with your back to the wall makes you feel placed on a perch. Not super romantic. I would love to see what it's like dining on the patio during warmer months, though.The staff is attentive, laid back and pleasant. The head chef, Eric, is very passionate and eager to cater to food intolerance. And, of course, the food was amazing. I had the poached tilapia, which was perfect. It 'melts in your mouth' and came with the coconut-spicy-shrimp risotto. The coconut milk in the risotto makes it... My date ordered the berry salad and the duck pizza, which he assures me were delicious. The wine was worth a second glass and (finally) room was *somehow* made for the flourless chocolate cake.If you're on the fence, go. It's worth it.
4	I had a really, really, really good time here! The staff is fantastic! Since Centurion is such a small place, you're probably going to wind up talking to the people around you...staff and fellow patron alike. I love that kind of atmosphere. Everyone was in a great mood, and it wasn't that "I'm in public, better put on a smile" kind of great mood either, it was genuine.Be prepared for flavors that will make your mouth feel alive! I'm talking about goat cheese, blueberry balsamic reduction, crab meat, truffle oil, lemon zest, manchego and chorizo! If you enjoy bland flavors, looks elsewhere.My date and I had a sampler of sorts. We got the strudel, a pizza and an order of risotto to share. The strudel was loaded with goat cheese, spinach and mushrooms. It was served on a bed of cabbage, corn and crab meat. We're not finished there though because they added a blueberry balsamic reduction on top of it all and seriously took a great dish and made it even better! While getting giddy after each bite of that, we also got to eat some of the risotto -- cheesy manchego risotto topped with a generous scoop of chorizo. Mmm! We finished it rather quickly... And then, there was pizza! We had the salami and artichoke pizza. What they don't tell you on the menu is that the artichokes are marinaded in truffle oil and lemon zest. Whenever I got a bite with every ingredient on it...bliss ensued. It wasn't the best pizza I've ever had, but it was damn good.I don't really need to wrap this up any other way. I can't wait to go back!
5	Easily one of the best restaurants/experiences I've ever had.ever.I heard the reviews about how great this place was and had a completely different idea in my head as to what this place was going to be like. This little restaurant has the feel of a very local small locals only type of restaurant with killer food and perfect service to cap it off. it's not often I'm this impressed/pleased about a restaurant, especially a new very small one. Chef Eric knocked it out the friggin park. A buddy and I did our usual, check out 3 or 4 places and have a drink and an app at each as we make our way through the city. We ended up ordering the risotto with manchego and chorizo and a bowl of the Moules et Pan (mussels with endless bread) They chorizo was perfectly creamy, with the right amount of bite and perfect amount of chorizo crisped on top. Heaven in a little bowl, and only $8. The mussels give you the option of 5 or 6 different broths. We went with the Portuguese style,which was a somewhat spicy tomato based broth with onions, garlic and some pureed tomatoes. What a killer dish of mussels. It came with the homemade foccacia, easily the best focaccia I've ever had. Usually foccacia it too dense and chewy for me but this was actually light with the perfect texture. We got a 2nd serving of bread to sop up the yummy broth, but it's endless bread with the dish so they really want you to get all the goodness out of that bowl.  There's something to be said about eating in that tiny of a restaurant. The chef churns out these killer dishes with only 4 burners, a brick oven and a stove and that's literally it. We sat at the "bar" so we were no more than 6 feet away from the stove, friggin awesome. I can't say enough about this little gem of a restaurant, except way to go Centurion! You got it right!!
4	Food was excellent. Service was great. Great ambience. Highly recommended.
4	Wow, this was one of the best dinners I have had in a long time. I definitely have my favorite spots but it is rare that I have an entree that knocks my socks off. For me, this was the gnocchi dish with the shitake dijon cream sauce. My husband was surprised that I ordered this, since I don't like mushrooms, and luckily for me, the extent of the mushrooms were some medium ones in the sauce. The gnocchi were very tender and the sauce was rich and creamy. I felt like I was eating a delicious mac & cheese with some soft foccaccia bread. OMG. We also ordered the porteguese style mussels that were a fave of my husband's. They were just okay to me but overall, were decent. We also ordered the chorizo and manchego risotto that I really liked. We each had a glass of wine. Our server was kind enough to let me sample the prosecco before I ordered it. Good thing I did because I didn't like it. The server asked what kind of wine I liked and then brought me a taste of their white blend which I enjoyed. Overall, before tip, our bill was $50. Very reasonable for three plates and two glasses of wine. This place is extremely small inside with 4-6 small table inside and 3-4 tables on their patio. There were two servers and on a busy Fri night, service was slow. But they were very nice and apologetic, so I gave them a break. I noticed the kitchen staff worked extremely efficiently which is a plus for such a small space. I was very impressed. I cannot WAIT to come back here as there were several plates that looked amazing.
5	I bought a Groupon for this place a while back and hadn't gotten around to using it - then my birthday was here! What a great excuse to go out on a Wednesday!So, went to Centurion last night with the boyfriend for my birthday. We had made a reservation, but there really wasn't any need to since there were maybe 5 couples in and out while we were there. It's a very small space and we sat out on the patio in the lovely evening weather (can't believe I did patio dining for my Feb birthday - but that's Phoenix, eh?).The beer selection was small but interesting, however the one we wanted was not available, so we chose a bottle of wine from Bordeaux (for $21!). We ordered the strudel since it sounded adventurous and was it ever delicious! We chose to split the Gnocchi with Shiitake Mushrooms and Dijon Cream sauce and the White Truffle Pizza. The Gnocchi was perfectly tender and the mushrooms were delicious in the cream sauce. Very rich but not too heavy to split. The pizza was so tasty and I am now slightly regretting letting the boyfriend take the leftover half with him to work today!The dessert was the icing on the cake, so to speak. I love tiny sweets, not gigantic slices of cake - especially after a fairly rich meal. They served us a tiny espresso cup made out of chocolate, filled with espresso mousse, with a bit of blueberry reduction. DIVINE! I love the chocolate and espresso combo, and the presentation of it with the edible cup was adorable!All in all, a very pleasant experience with attentive service, great presentation, and delightfully tasty food. I can't wait to try their brunch!
4	So I went here this morning for breakfast and it was sooo good! I bought the groupon for brunch a few days ago and I'm glad I did. The bf and I went this morning at around nine and there was only one other couple in the restaurant. We sat down and ordered coffee and by the time we got our coffee the whole restaurant was full, so that was nice! The coffee was really good, The flavor of the coffee itself was good and they brought out a little dish of heavy whipping cream to put in it so that was delicious. Also the coffee came in this big saucer like cup which was really cute and required two hands to drink from it. Anyway.... I ordered the italian skillet and the BF ordered the blackberry waffle (which they served in place of the strawberry waffle today) and we got a little basket of pastries to share. The pastries were delicious. There were four different kinds, little mini chocolate croissants (mmmm), little blackberry danish, little orange (I think) danish, and a cute little star pastry with raspberry. They came out hot, straight from the oven, and they were really special. My skillet was also delicious, it was potatoes with cheese, caramelized onion, pesto, and two poached eggs. The eggs were perfect and the pesto tasted so good. The BF's waffle was really awesome though.... It had blackberries and whipped cream (real whipped cream, like it tasted like heavy whipping cream, not super sweet) and honey (they offered him a lemon and apple compote but he refused...he's crazy). He let me have a bite and it was the lightest most delicious waffle I have ever had. So why 4 stars? I just can't let go of my last visit here which wasn't awesome. I am going to go back one of these days for dinner and if it is as good as breakfast was... I will definitely up it to 5 stars. Yum.
4	Downside is you pay for street parking.  And tiny, tiny inside area where the owner claims he can squeeze in 25 people, but more than 10 is entirely too close for comfort.  Go there when nice outside so you have best options.Food is generally pretty good.  Had the mussels, which were tasty for $10 and pretty hearty sauce.  Sandwiches were the biggest miss, but not terrible.  Pizza was nice sized... could easily fill two adults if they share an app and desert.  Has pizza with truffle oil and pesto for like $12-14, and it was excellent.  Risotto looked good, but didn't try.I will be back for sure.  My wife liked it more than I did, but I didn't dislike it much at all.  A pretty solid 3.5 to 4 star.
5	This was by far one of the best places I've tried, and I'm always seeking good places to eat. It was pretty much third time lucky when I ate there last week - one time, the girlfriend was too tired to eat out, at Christmas we got there to find they closed early. So it was pretty much a last attempt and boy! am I glad I persevered. I don't care if the logic of the theme fails, as someone noted humorously - the food is good, awesomely good. Add in friendly service and a pretty good wine selection and you've got yourself a fun evening. This is a small place and seating is limited. But once you get your foot in the door be prepared for a gastronomical experience past compare. I tried the risotto with chorizo and it was melt-in-your mouth delicious; my gf reported equal delight in her gnocchi with vegetables. To top it off we split a desert of chilli-flavored chocolate sauce with a pastry. Unusual to say the least and very, very good.We had to sit on the patio so we missed out on one of their attractions - the open kitchen where you can see your food being prepared. That would have been interesting to watch as well. Perhaps next time, and there most certainly will be a next time, though I have to drive from Tempe to downtown for it! By the way, don't forget to rub the stomach of the Centurion by the door as you enter, you may get a free dinner!!!
4	Had the crab/shrimp panini w/the side salad...both were delicious but the panini was supreme. The bread tasted homemade and the portion of tasty seafood inside was fairly generous. Wasn't the biggest fan of the chocolate soup for dessert but it was interesting to taste! Fyi We sat outside and there were definitely some interesting characters walking by. One approached a table...
5	This place is awesome!  I purchased a Groupon for brunch and decided to make a go of it last Sunday.  The place is small....tiny actually and when we arrived it was packed but we were seated rather quickly at the bar.  My son was freezing (it was a rainy, cold day) and he wanted hot chocolate but was told that they don't serve hot chocolate-so his father ran next door to Lola's and all was good.The food is amazing.  My 8-year-old son ordered an omelet with cheddar cheese and prosciutto,  I ordered the Belgium waffle  with goat cheese and a side of fig and raspberry jam, and my significant other also ordered an omelet with chorizo, manchego cheese, and spinach.My son loved it so much he cannot wait to go back and has already requested that we return this weekend.  He enjoyed his omelet but loved my goat cheese waffle even more.  The waffle was a bit dry but the goat cheese was delicious especially when paired with the fig and raspberry jam.  Together is was awesome.  My significant other also enjoyed his omelet and did not even realize that the spinach was missing!   The waitress is the one who noticed and had the chief saute a small bit of spinach.I was amazed at how well the kitchen worked considering the size and we were pleasantly surprised at how quickly our food was prepared.  We had an excellent waitress-I cannot remember her name, but she was awesome and very attentive.  Bottom line...this place is awesome and we cannot wait to check it out for dinner and of course we plan to return for brunch.
3	I'll give the food a four star and the rest of the situation a 2 star. That's an average of three, reflected in my rating. My wife's mushroom and cheese risotto was great, I wish I had ordered it. I had the Mussels Portugal and they were good tasting, and generous, but there was so much sauce and they provide no utensils to get the mussels and remove the meat, you have to literally stick your whole hand in a bowl of tomato sauce. No wipes, no bib, just your normal napkin. What a mess. The pizza my son ordered looked real good and he enjoyed it, but about 15% of it was burned from the wood fire. My reason for downgrading the rest of the experience was that we were offered bread and olive oil to hold us off until the food came, and we were later charged for it. It felt really tacky to complain, but hey -- when was the last time you had a restaurant charge you for the little container of bread they place down in front of you before you dine? At The Macaroni Grill, they give you the whole loaf and a bottle of olive oil, and you don't pay a penny, but here I'm forking out a few dollars. Very strange. The service was great, the people who run the place are very nice. I'd like to see them make it and I hope my comments are taken to heart. Please, no surprises. If everyone else gives you free bread, trying to charge for it is a really dumb move.
5	We've now been back a few times and LOVE this place.  It is the perfect environment for an intimate dinner...with your SO, family, friends...whomever.  You have to plan a little in advance to make sure that you can get a table, but the food is top notch, the menu has something for everyone, the prices are reasonable and the owner customer friendly and charming.  Centurion is one of my new favorites (seiously!).  You should check it out!
1	I really wanted to like this place. The menu looks great. I have tried to go on two occasions. The first time I went with a group on New Years Eve. The server was very nice and very polite. When we sat he informed us of the vast amount of food they were already out of. A bit disappointing, but understandable on a busy night in a small kitchen. The brie puff pastry arrived...burnt to hell. It was so charred the puff pastry on half was inedible. Our other appetizer, the stuffed mushrooms, we were informed we no longer available. They neglected to tell us when we ordered them. Only after we asked were we told. Our entrees arrived next. The mushroom gnocchi was very good. This was the highlight of the meal. unfortunately this was only one of our meals. The rest - mediocre at best. The vegetable gnocchi was bland. As was the vodka sauce pasta. The pizza was similar to the brie puff pastry-awful! Soggy and burnt at the same time. We had a local dines coupon which we couldn't use due to the holiday, which is understandable. After arguing with the chef loudly in the restaurant about the quality of the food we left. I found this very tacky of the owner/chef. We decided to give them another try, chalking the bad time up to the holiday. We went for Sunday brunch. We started with mimosas, which are good-Prosecco and odwalla oj. We sat on the patio since it was a beautiful day. Two other table sat outside also (only 3 tables total in the restaurant). We order first: the brie waffles, goat cheese waffles and two french skillets. The server brought out one of out waffles (brie) and said the rest will be out shortly. The server then brought a waffle to each of the other tables that arrive and ordered ofter us. Next, the skillets were brought. Small portions but OK food. Again the serve tells us the other waffle will be up shortly. Ten minutes later, the goat cheese waffle arrives. At this point everyone else is done with their food. I mentioned this to the server who immediately got defensive and rude-telling me that it is easier for the chef to make all of the brie waffles for the restaurant and then making the rest of the waffles. (Just to note the brie and goat cheese are toppings-the waffles are the same.) The serve then blatantly closed the patio door that was previously open to I assume talk shit about me and the table. She never came back to ask if the food was good-which was cold. I would be happier waiting for food it when it arrived it was at least hot! We talked with the other patio patrons who also had the same feelings towards the place. Save your money. This place is overpriced for such poor quality of food and poor service.
1	I dined at Centurion for the second time yesterday and unfortunately had an even worse experience than the first time. I went with M. M. who's review sums my entire experience as well. I will not be returning and highly suggest you think twice before ever dining here.
4	Tiny restaurant, big potential.The boyfriend and I decided to use my Groupon for lunch on Saturday and we couldn't have made a better choice. Centurion has a laid back atmosphere perfect for sitting outside and having a leisurely lunch. When we got there, there was only one other table sat so luckily we were able to grab a spot in the shade. They have a nice big canopy over their patio to help cut down on the direct sun. The inside looked cute (tiny, but cute) but outside was the place to be.We started off with the baked brie. It comes wrapped in a pastry shell with jam inside and grapes on the side. Warm, gooey brie with jam? How could you go wrong? I ordered the shrimp and crab sandwich and boyfriend went for the tenderloin sandwich. Both came with salad on the side.My sandwich was really good. The bread was fresh and it was loaded with shrimp and crab. I ordered it without dijon and it did feel like it could have used something else on it. But overall I liked it. Boyfriend felt the same way about his sandwich - good but needed a little something to make it great.The side salad was very good. it was spinach with blackberries and a blackberry dressing. Simple but good. But then again I'm a big fan of spinach, too.i could see this place becoming quite the hot spot. Like I said, big potential. I think if they fine tuned a few things it could be really, really good. I recommend checking it out now before you have to wait for hours to get a table.
3	I purchased a groupon for this and decided to take my gf there for a friday night date. The location is small but in a very trendy neighborhood. It didn't feel like I was in Phoenix but a bigger city with an actual downtown. The space is very cozy, we chose to sit outside on the patio. The inside decor is very cozy with an open kitchen. We started with Baked Brie with Raspberry Jam. It was a little burnt on the edges but it was pretty tasty. For entree, we split the Gnocchi in Shitake Dijon Cream Sauce and Margherita Pizza. The pizza had good quality ingredients but it was nothing too special. The gnocchi was very rich and I could only have a few bites before I was full. The service was great, everyone was very attentive and helpful. Overall, I'm glad I tried this place out but without the groupon, the prices were a little high for my taste.
2	I so wanted to fall in love with Centurion, unfortunately based upon this one visit for breakfast I just didn't feel it. The place itself is cute and quaint with a couple of really nice couches and tables outside on the patio.I had the Eggs Benedict and it was just okay. Granted Eggs Benedict is an extremely difficult item to produce so I'm not sure this one dish should be taken as a blanket review. But it was pretty bland and it was loaded with some green leafy things (not found on your typical EB) that I scraped off.I'll be going back and making revisions as needed ...
3	To be blunt, this place sounds WAAAAY more expensive and upscale than it is.  (Hint, hint Centurion:  change your name.)I had looked at the menu (without prices) and the name and the two "$$" about a million times and completely doubted the truth of the two "$$" signs because no place with that name or that fru-fru webpage could be affordable.Then today it popped up on Yelp as the closest place to eat and I said to the hubby, "Gosh dangit - we just have to bite the bullet and go!"I had to give it three stars because 1.  We were broken-hearted we could not have pizza and/or lunch menu items and 2.  My goat cheese and fig waffle was a little on the dry side.  HOWEVER... it was tasty.My husband had the chorizo, fried egg, yada yada omelet and scarfed it all down before I could even say, "Don't you hate fried eggs?"It was a beautiful day outside and our waitress was sweet.  We had a good time and look forward to having some more savory eats when the full menu is available.With regard to price:  COMPLETELY reasonable.With regard to the name suiting the venue?  Not.  at.  all.
5	I loved this place.  We went on a rainy night in Feb., and because they couldn't seat us on the patio, they had to turn us away.  Undeterred, we returned on a lovely evening in March.  We asked to be seated on the patio.  Our server was knowledgeable and charming.  Everything on the menu looked both interesting and yummy.  We ordered the baked Brie appetizer.  It has a lovely presentation : baked in puff pastry with raspberry jam...gooey goodness!  I got the andouille sausage and shrimp stuffed tomato with cheddar pesto sauce on fettucine.  It was heavenly.  Such a wonderful combination of flavors and textures...smokey and smooth and rich.  My friend got the Sicilian pizza, which she said was very good, too.  Our server recommended a Portuguese wine that complemented my entree nicely.  But perhaps my favorite thing was sitting on a patio in downtown Phoenix and enjoying all of the people walking and riding their bikes past the restaurant.  I even saw a co-worker walking her dog.  Parking is super-convenient in the garage behind the restaurant, and the Pita Jungle is rocking a sweet new bike rack right across the way.  Since I forgot my Groupon in another purse, I will definitely be back to Centurion to try a yummy salad.  The spinach with blackberries and feta is calling my name!
2	My wife and I went at about 5:10 not knowing that they only served dinner after 6. Rather than asking us if we wanted Happy Hour drinks I almost felt like they were trying to get us to leave. They informed us that dinner was not til 6 and gave us a menu of their happy hour appetizers, which didn't look too appealing compared to the dinner entrees we wanted to eat later on. As we left a woman said, "we don't have fire right now." I don't think I know entirely what she meant, but we let them know we would try another time and headed over to Lola's coffee and then ate and Cibo. I liked the look of the place, but it was very unwelcoming...
4	THE VEGETARIAN ANGLE:Dinner for four at 6:30pm on a First Friday could have been trouble, but there was no waiting, no rushed service, and no diminished quality from the kitchen.We were seated in the corner bench area in what I'd call a "studio restaurant" -- 12 or so seats, 5 bar stools, and in-your-face adjacent, bustling kitchen made for a lively and somehow uncramped 2-hour meal.Chef Osburn's menu had us perplexed by the varied and extensive offerings coming out of that tiny kitchen.  We spent 15 minutes discussing the menu and sipping APP: The white bean trio finds a way to present cannellini in three distinguished ways, but the puree with truffle oil lingers after the plate is taken away and breaks the three-way tie. The bread is deceivingly ordinarily looking, has a dusting of seasoning and absorbs olive oil very well.  [memorable ingredient: TRUFFLE OIL]SALAD: With Mom I shared the grape, apple, arugula salad that's served with blood oranges, smoked paprika cashews, and the most appropriately light application of blue cheese dressing I've ever had.  The oranges gushed, the apples snapped and crunched, the cashews were not overly smoked, and the arugula was crisp, not limp.  [memorable ingredient: perfectly purple BLOOD ORANGE fillets]MAIN: The gnocchi with season vegetables (artichokes, butternut squash, shitake mushrooms, leeks) reminded me that the fare at Centurion is decidedly French-Italian.  The sherry reduction with a touch of cream draws a sweetness across the top of rich squash, nutty mushrooms, and lemony artichokes...very lemony.  The gnocchi themselves were plump with a satisfying tooth-feel without being mushy or gummy or too potato-forward.  The dish -- like the others -- came out piping out, and with any pasta+cream dish, was best in the first 5-10 minutes.  [memorable ingredient: SHERRY]DESSERT: The table shared two: the espresso cup and the flourless chocolate cake.  The centerpiece item of the first was a dark chocolate demitasse cup -- yes, an espresso cup made from chocolate -- filled with an espresso mousse and toped with molten caramel.  The dense chocolate cup was a fun transport for the airy mousse.  (Idea: A graham cracker baked lid might have made this an interesting s'mores update.)  The flourless cake was also dense but not brick-dense, and the accompanying berry and apple-lemon purees made each bite a bit different. [memorable ingredient: APPLE-LEMON puree]SERVICE: During dinner the delightful server showed acumen in food knowledge and was attentive to everything from water to wine to cutlery to change for the parking meter.  When we arrived, the restaurant was serving about five guests.  When we left Centurion's small dining area and front patio were full.A strong meal for sure. I'll be back to try Sunday brunch soon.
5	LOVED IT!!!!LOVED IT!!!!LOVED IT and can't wait to go back...For all that say its such a tiny little place. We were very apprehensive because one of us is in a HUGE Wheelchair. We were pleasantly surprised how comfortable we were especially since there was already someone else in another group in a huge wheelchair as well. Every table was occupied. But the wait was not too long at all. We were a party of 5 and a table was efficiently cleaned for us. We started with freshly squeezed OJ that was served in beautiful glasses and an order of pastries that were divine. Our coffee was wonderful as well. You could tell that they were freshly ground beans. Our breakfast/brunch was amazing. Eggs Benedict were truly the best ever. We liked them better than even the Eggs Benedict at St.Francis on Camelback. The Crab Quiche was divine. The Spanish Skillet was oh my... WOW... The potato pancake dish was amazing as well. The Croque Madame was perfect. Our entire group are going back for lunch this week. Then brunch again on Sunday. Then Dinner the week after. We can because the prices are so reasonable.We loved the chef/owner Eric who had every right to be pompous because of the Fabulous food that comes out of his kitchen. But he is a humble normal unpretentious guy that makes you feel so comfortable and is so attentive to detail. The only thing I would change is, Eric get rid of the plastic flowers on the tables. Even if you have fresh leaves in it...Also please get rid of that plastic/silk plant on the ledge above the wonderfully fragrant Basil you have growing. The only reason I bring that up is because every thing about your cooking denotes FRESH... Alive.... Scrumptious. The beautiful woman that was serving us was hospitable and sweet. Great Prices. Great Location. Great Ambiance. One of the best food in the valley. Chef Eric is soooo creative in such an effortless way. Lets support this GEM and make sure it stays open forever.
5	Simply Great!
4	Went there for dinner on a Thursday night with a Groupon.  Really small place but sat outside on the patio.  Not a lot of atmosphere, I think due to the location, but we were really there for the food - right !.  We shared the baked brie to start - it had raspberry jam baked inside instead of on the side, so that was a surprise.  it was excellent, but a little over baked down one edge.  I had a risotto (brown sugar, carrots, mushrooms) that was out of this world as my main course, my partner had the tilapia with the shrimp risotto - she said the fish needed the risotto, but both were good.  The food was really good and i am sure we will be back.
4	Interesting quaint and sort of shabby chic urban vibe .At the moment this is a TEENY tiny place with maybe 6 tables and the tables are mostly two seaters but they will be expanding next door . I do find the menus are somewhat limited so check first on line is the menu suits you and parking is on street or the free garage almost next door . Also I need to add the bench along the half of restaurant sits you up above the table oddly and only one 2 top is without bench at this time .We stopped in for lunch and our server was very warm and informative .For lunch we started with very fresh salads made of spinach , just the right amount of feta cheese , plump fresh blackberries , candied nuts with raspberry dressing .We tried the panini with blackberries , goat cheese , fig on home made bread (like focaccia) . The panini had a nice light crunch and you get a taste that is was salted , the cheese wasn't too tangy it was creamy so it was a better goat cheese this sandwich sounds sweet but it wasn't so it was good .We also had the special gnocchi with pancetta in a smoked cheddar cream sauce , this was a perfect lunch portion and it was seasoned nicely .for two drinks ,two lunch salads , two meals the bill with tax before tip was approx $21.  we liked it we'd go back but I will pick the chair again
5	Purchased a groupon for this place and I love it!! I took my niece here for brunch and she is 12 and loved it as well. The steak with the egg is such a good combination. Whenever I go into a restaurant you can usually tell if you are going to like it by the ingredients that you can see. Well I saw all the right things! Lemon, Garlic, Onion, and much more. Definitely will be returning. I live by desert ridge but its worth the drive.
5	Went back to Centurion after a wonderful day at the San Tan Wheelie Jam.  My friend and I were famished from all of our bike riding.  I called shortly before we left my house and made a reservation.  When we arrived, they seated us at a sofa, which was ok for drinks, but we requested to be moved to a table for our entrees.  They waitstaff was accommodating.  I got an item that's not on the menu, but was recommended by our server at my first visit to Centurion: gnocchi with white Irish cheddar sauce.  The waitress had to check with the chef, who said he would make it.  Oh, rich yummy goodness!  My friend had a pizza, and as on a previous visit, I felt I had the better experience by ordering their pasta.  Our waitstaffers were relaxed and flexible on this Saturday night.  Once again, I had a wonderful dining experience at Centurion.
1	I was taken to dinner tonight for my birthday.  I wanted the prawns and they didn't have them. We ordered the tuna salad and the tuna was well done and tasteless. We ordered risotto and one was bland and the other too spicy. We ordered grilled bread that was truly tasteless. I would not go back nor recommend this restaurant to anyone that is seeking a tasty meal.
5	We went back again last night. The staff remembered us from many weeks ago. Chef Eric remembered our orders, and my special dietary restrictions. We sat at the bar and it was somehow more cozy than the tables.This might be my favorite restaurant in Phoenix...
3	Centurion is really cute on the inside (which seats about 8 people).  Great patio if you can stand the heat now that it is warmer.  I've passed it a gazillion times during First Fridays.   I just went there for lunch with the Pita Jungle was again packed and informed me that my wait would be 20 minutes (after I had already waited 15).  I thought the seating was really cozy with chandeliers and empty wine bottles.We had prosciutto wrapped stuffed mushrooms which were served with a tarrogon (?) cream sauce.  I had a three bean salad, my dining companions had the truffled mushroom panini and the special of the day which was a meatball dish.We were seated inside, and you could watch the kitchen.  My salad looked really pretty, but lacked really any flavor.  I mean, any flavor.  I'm not a huge salt fan, but at the same time, there was literally no flavor.  My salad leaves were dressed in a little oil and that was it.  The white beans were cold (which was fine) but again tasted of nothing.  The middle preparation was a white bean puree with some truffle oil that was cold a bit congealed.The panini was much better.  Served on good ciabatta bread, that seemed to be a hit.The meatballs were interesting.  There was no real description by the hostess, we were expecting a more traditional meatball served in red sauce.  This turned out to be a more swedish meatball concoction served with carrots and potatos.  Overall, the food was fine but average.  I came back to the office smelling really greasy though since we sat next to the kitchen.  I would suggest the patio if you want to try the place.
3	EH is what I think about when I remember my visit to Centurion.I had a groupon to use so with my Mom in town I figured it was a great time to go and check this place out.  Well we went for lunch and as we were seated in a completely empty place we were asked if we made a reservation for lunch.  I was caught off guard and said no did I need to and she said yes according to the groupon.  Well it expired that day so she let it slide (thanks).On to the food my mom got a pasta and salad and I ordered the pulled duck pizza.  I was really excited to try the pizza as I am a big pizza fan and this place uses wood fire and a brick oven to cook them so YAY I was excited.  Well all came crashing down when I got the pizza.  The outer crust was charred black and inedible and the center was not crispy.  The duck was just a few pieces maybe on small one per slice so overall just not a great experience.  Luckily my Mom enjoyed her salad and pasta so not all was a failure.  I see lots of good reviews so I won't say steer clear but I know I probably won't be back.
5	I'm in LOVE! I came here after purchasing a Groupon... We sat on the patio enjoying the great weather. Our server was great and we quickly found out he was the Owner/Chef. They were offering two liquors that evening and one was a Vodka filtered 5 times through white rose petals. There are no mixers so it was served over ice. It was THE best vodka I have ever had! We ordered the Artichoke and Salami pizza and the Portuguese style mussels to share. The owner recommended the pizza since it was our first visit. It was WONDERFUL! I couldn't get enough. I normally do not like tomatoes with my shellfish but I was easily convinced that the Portuguese style were the best, so I gave in and boy am I glad i did!!! I was actually eating the tomatoes out of the broth (if you know me that is amazing!). We had parked our car right in front of the patio we were sitting on... While the car parked in front of us was leaving they crashed into our car and began causing a scene...(long story short) The owner stayed with us until the police arrived and made sure everything was taken care of properly. He was so amazing and sincerely concerned about our safety. We owe him big time! Thanks again and I will be back very soon!
5	I am a very picky restaurant patron and this place won me over! It's a total hole in the wall where the chef is right in front of you preparing really amazing meals. The wine suggestion for me was spot on and the chef made some changes to help with foods I could eat. Don't expect a overly decorated Scottsdale like place. It's very much self put together. But the food is to die for!
5	I LOVED this place. LAHVED IT. I think there are so many great, local place in downtown Phoenix but I needed to add something new to the rotation and this was perfect. I bought the $25 local dines coupon and set out. All of the food was fantastic. We had the baked brie and a salad to start. My entree was the risotto and my companion had the andouille pasta. Let me say that with all of that and a glass of wine, we didn't even hit the $50 limit we had with the coupon. The service was perfect and the patio was cool enough for the June heat. This place has it all, good food, great service, local feel and charm and amazing prices. We were the only ones on a Saturday night so that was a little worrisome! I hope the good word spreads for this great new place.
1	Two of us went to Centurion with a Groupon for brunch.  We arrived at 10:45 am and were told that we could not use the Groupon and they would only honor it until 10:30 am.  We asked if we could apply it to lunch and we got a firm no.  They said it was Groupon's fault because it was supposed to state breakfast and they printed brunch.  That isn't our fault.  We went somewhere else for a late breakfast and happily gave them our money.  It is tacky and defeating to turn customers away.  We will never go back and we will be sure to tell everyone we know about this.  By putting things on Groupon you stand a good chance of aquiring new and loyal customers.  Turning people away is not a great way to build a customer base.
5	This place was fan-flippin-tabulous. I can't believe we haven't been here before...maybe it was the big Roman dude out front. It was the usual Saturday night debate on where to go. Chow for the salad? Too far. Dick's? Too much greasy cheese. Then I remembered hearing great things about Centurion (mainly about their pizzas). Of course, we had decided to have pizza the night before and weren't in the mood for more pizza. Oops. Oh well, let's give them a shot. The wine list was nicely thought out, it's so refreshing to have someone choosing wines that they have a passion for. It definitely shows and we got a great wine from Alsace. I'll definitely hunt down more for the house.We got the seasonal salad with cous cous, salami, spinach, tomato and lemony dressing. This salad was absolutely perfect for summer... and beyond. Seriously... it gives Cowboy Chow's salad a run for its money. Next we got the mushroom risotto and the gnocchi with shitake dijon cream sauce. The gnocchi was seriously good...lick your plate good. I am so glad I remembered to mention them! We had leftovers and I can guarantee someone at our house just might lose a finger. Just saying.
5	The only place i have to stop by when i visit Phoenix! Food is unbelievable and the desert is so creative! Love it!!!! I wish i was local so i can eat there anytime i want! Seriously just look at the ratings, all of us can't be wrong!!!
4	had an excellent breakfast outside in the sweet patio on a warm morning under the shade of trees. the Italian Skillet was flavorful with pesto,  caramelized onions, poached eggs and potatoes. my companion enjoyed the Eggs Benedict with their light hollandaise sauce over focaccia bread. good to know there's an option other than Matt's Big Breakfast for morning culinary excursions in downtown Phoenix!
4	thought I could use my groupon but it was only valid for Tapas Wednesdays.   Nevertheless, we had already walked the few blocks and decided to check the place out.Nice ambience, wine bottles lining the walls, the bench seating running along the wall was high, which was good coz I'm petite.   The a/c was running well which was a relief from walking outside in the late summer heat.The Portuga white wine was refreshing.  Now, I'm not a wine connoisseur but this wine was crisp, clean and like I said, refreshing.  I had 2 glasses, it was hitting the right spot.Ordered the brie in puff pastry with raspberry jam inside - the jam was in the middle so didn't get to taste it in the first bite.  puff pasty was flaky good.  I think it could've used a tab more brie in there.  It was like a teaser.their blackberry panini was ok.  It was a bit dry, I thought.  Maybe it was the combination of the filling with the panini, or not enough filling.  The panini with whipped butter and jam would be very good but as a sandwich, it didn't work for me.  The side salad of spinach (included with sandwich) was good - I like feta cheese and spinach so they got me there.The definite winner was the pizza with chorizo, manchego and mozzarella.  You can taste the chorizo on the cheese.  it was like the chorizo I had in a Barcelona tapas bar, yum!. The dough was thin and just right.   If anything, I'd come back for that.Got to sample their margherita pizza also.  That was good, the roasted roma tomato complemented the dough and cheese.  Owner mentioned some off menu items (something with Maximus in its name) which we would have to come back for, when it's not busy (that would be around 1ish).
5	I have to say first that this was one of the most enjoyable dinners I have had. My guest and I sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen. What a great choice. Eric, the chef/owner was very personable and happy to chat and explain everything, cooking tips, wine pairings, anything. We spent nearly 3 hours there on a Thursday night. Michelle, Eric's fiance, was happy to offer up information and tips as well. We ordered stuffed mushrooms wrapped in prosciutto to start. They are popped in the wood oven just long enough to char the outside edges a little. To me, anything wrapped in prosciutto is a very good thing. But these come with a cheddar tarragon sauce that just sings. They give you more than enough cheddar sauce you will want to keep to dip bread, or in our case pizza crust in. We followed up with 2 pizzas, a classic Margherita and a salami and artichoke. Both were excellent. Very thin, crisp, almost cracker like at the edge, think Pizzeria Bianco. We also ordered a chocolate pastry dessert filled with raspberry and cheese. I'm not a huge dessert person so I am not the best judge. I thought it was very good though. We did get to sample numerous other dishes that were all amazing. Gnocchi was great, lots of Parmesan cheese goes into the sauce. I did not get to try the meatball dish but after seeing them and hearing how they are made I can not wait to come back to try them. We are planning to come back on a Wednesday to try all the tapas, and also happy hour.
4	My recently went to phoenix for business and my friend took me here. I really enjoyed it, The people their have a lot of passion for cooking and wine!!! We had some wonderful sangria that was made fresh and they promised it won't ever be the same, but it will be great quality. We had both appetizers the mushrooms and the puff pastry with Brie and jam. They were both delicious. I definitely want to try this place again.
5	Ok... So I know this is the third update, but this place has really earned its stars! The BF and I went here for brunch on Sunday and it was one of the best restaurant experiences we have ever had. We were the only ones in the restaurant and it was like having brunch over at a friend's house. The chef, Eric, hung out with us and chatted with us about various topics throughout brunch and it was very pleasant. On top of that, the food was absolutely wonderful. We started with 5$ mimosas, which were large and incredibly tasty and coffee, which they serve with real cream... for real! I had an omelet with spinach, caramelized onions, roasted garlic, pancetta, and aged white cheddar. Eric suggested putting hollandaise sauce onto the omelet. Genius! It was creamy, savory, salty, sweet, and all around delicious. The BF had a blackberry waffle that had a mountain of fresh whipped cream that was actually whipped cream, not from a can or a tub.... Soooooo goooood. The quality of what you get at this restaurant is definitely worth the price and I, of course, will be back. If you want a friendly and comfortable place where you can get delicious and expertly prepared food... come here!!!
5	It doesn't get any better than this place for dinner in Downtown Phoenix. It's so cool to have the chef right there, often bringing the food to the tables, constantly chatting with the patrons. You can watch him work in the small kitchen, and talk to him in detail about the food you're ordering. When you see somebody working with such passion, you just want to see him succeed.But this place shouldn't need my help. The pulled duck pizza is better than anything Cibo has to offer. The three-cheese blend (pecorino sardo, mozzarella, and Irish cheddar), the rich tomato sauce, the lean pieces of duck and the perfectly flaky, crisp crust are making me want to go back already.The stuffed mushrooms are also a real treat...stuffed with risotto, wrapped in prosciutto and served with an aged cheddar tarragon sauce on the side. We also tried the apple and grape arugula salad and chorizo and manchego risotto - also both delicious...but nothing really compares to the pizza.Tried a couple of beers - the beer list is short, but has some interesting options...and they made sure to have a decent range to choose from (a hefeweizen, a raspberry ale, an IPA, etc.)This is definitely a moderately priced restaurant. You might be able to get out for under $10 if you just ordered a risotto, or came for lunch and got only a pasta...but where's the fun in that? You're probably looking at $20-25 per person for a decent meal. This place is well worth that price. I'll check out the Sunday brunch (10 am-2 pm) one day soon.
5	Just had dinner here the food was great as was the service. The chef was fun to watch. Had fish dishes pasta I will go back many times. Thanks for a fun nite.  Michelle was great.
5	I only have time for a short review...YUM-2-THE-EEE!!!!! Seriously I am a mussel fanatic and Eric delivers! I need to do a separate review just for the mussels. The white truffle pizza with wilt your socks off as you become Butta on the floor. However, the cheese sauce for his stuffed mushrooms wrapped in prosciutto was orgasmic. I started eating it with a spoon like soup, then grabbed the damn little serving bowl and drank it, like it was the last drop of water on earth, then I think I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand all while moaning, "Make this into a soup, paaaleeeaazzzzzzzze!" Thank God my daughter wasn't with, embarrassing. However, she got lamb chops delivered and after devouring them says, "Those will change your life." Love this little spot so much! Thanks Eric and staff. It was like meeting old cozy friends again.
1	Where to begin? I can't deny that the chef/owner is a reflective business man, but to put it mildly he's lacking in customer service skills.I'd tried to get in to use a coupon I'd purchased for $25 dollars at least 3 times before I actually made it in.Attempt one: "We don't accept reservations this late." (The coupon required a reservation) Attempt two: "We're not open this late on Sundays" (It was 7pm) Attempt three: "We're not open, doing construction on the patio."In each attempt mentioned above, a man answered the phone and seemed to begrudge my attempts to patron his business with a tone in his voice and curtness in his reply.The final time I attempted to make a reservation a woman answered, she was much more professional and customer-service oriented. (Maybe she should be in charge of answering the phone. Hint. Hint.)After arriving I was informed that my coupon had expired; $25 wasted.The owner said he felt bad about it, and gave us a few free drinks. I was livid. However, I felt a little better after the pretentious European wine (very mediocre tasting). The salad was disappointing, the cheese overpowered it. I might have been happier with just a wedge of cheese on a plate.The friend a brought with me added chicken to his salad and got food poisoning.I think I should be forgiven for the one-star review, the rating is well deserved.
4	Stumbled into the centurion last night and was very happy with our overall experience.  The couple running the place (the chef and his fiancee) were charming hosts, very helpful and provided great service; but most importantly the food was delicious.  It was their Tapas night and our group had at least one of everything on the menu.  I can not think of one disappointing meal, they were all shades of brilliant.
4	My husband and I had breakfast here over the weekend.  The service was attentive and informed and the atmosphere is quaint.  I enjoyed the Spanish Skillet.  Although a little greasy, it was very well flavored and a filling portion.  I've forgotten the name of my husband's dish, but it had andouille sausage and appeared near the bottom of the menu (not displayed on the online menu).  It was delicious!  This was our first visit and we'll surely be back.
5	I don't know why people are complaining about this place...just go there and eat! I'd rather drop $60 here than a chain restaurant any day.
5	WOW!  What a great place for folks who love good food and wine!! And the ambience is also a hit wiith us. A tall Roman guard stands in front of a small terrace, comfy with tables, sofas, and a firebowl. Pass thru and enter a small but elegant dining room, wherre the Staff and Chef greet you. The aroma alone had me at first whiff. but then came  the menu, making choice a difficult time; We decided to start with stuffed mushrooms wrapped in Proscuitto served with a delicate sauce; The sauce was so good we ordered  bread to finish it, and found that  Eric, the chef bakes his own bread; it was Wonderful. There  is a definite European flavor to the menu, and the decision making hard. Hubby went for the special of the day, wonderful veal, that he raved over, until he tasted my lamb dish; then he couldn't make up his mind. The sauces are ambrosia, each made alone and  poured on the dish just as it it served. Did I mention, it is small inside, and you can watch your food being prepared. Our waitress was Nicole, and she was so friendly and attentive to our needs. A great selection of wines,, allowed us a choice of something new, which also was great.  Hey, don't miss out  on this. As we left the restuarant, full and happy, a couple on the patio said to come back again and try the brickoven pizza !  Oh yes, the dessert was Puff Pastry with fresh black berries, and a chocolate sauce; and a very  nice touch was that the chef came by our table to ensure that we were satisfied. We will definitely be back and bring friends and out of towners. IT'S GREAT!!
5	Wonderful just Wonderful... I have been to Centurion Twice and have had a wonderful experience both times.  You get to say hello and talk to the chef owner and he is extremely helpful in picking out wines.  Next up the food is excellent quality and at a decent price.  Expect $15 to $25 per person.  Every time my family and I have gone we have left with all of our plates completely clean and no doggy bags.  That is saying a lot.    I will go back again.  This is exactly what we need in phoenix in order to make downtown thrive.
5	I've been here twice and the food was great both times.The first time I was here it was tapas night. My friend and I split 4 items and loved each one.I came back a few nights ago and was able to enjoy their regular menu. We split the prosciutto wrapped stuffed mushrooms and I had the Chorizo manchego risotto. It was amazing. The chorizo was so flavorful, and unlike most chorizos, was not greasy at all.Service here was always great. It's a very tiny restaurant so make reservations just in case (though I have never had to wait for a table, but better safe than sorry)
2	European Fusion? This is not - try Bohemian.I have seen better flatware in late night dinners.The very visible coke machine has to go.Food , so so.
4	Went back to Centurion with my son from Seattle and his good friend from Mesa in tow.  I got to pick the restaurant, because I live downtown.  I went to my favorite, Centurion.  Things did not go as I'd hoped.  My son made a reservation with his iPad while we were having drinks at FilmBar.  He did not see the (according to the restaurant) fine print about making reservations at least 2 hours in advance.  We did notice they had an iPad on the counter in the restaurant, BTW.  When we arrived, the waitperson told us they usually check reservations in the morning, and they did not have a space for us inside.  They graciously offered to light the fire pit on the patio.  It took several attempts, but they finally got it going.  It added to the atmosphere, but did not provide much actual warmth.  The staff, and even the chef were, however, diligent in checking on the fire.  My son's friend ordered pizza, but there was an issue with an intern who did not get or respond to the message to make more pizza dough.  Tom was happy with his second choice, the tilapia.  My son found the risotto rather meager.  I was very happy with my stuffed tomato fettucine with shrimp and pancetta in white cheddar sauce.  Throughout dinner, the chef and waitstaff were attentive and offered explanations about the issues we experienced.  While it was a mildly disappointing dinner experience, I still recommend Centurion for their wonderful food and attention to service.
5	Living down town has its pro's and con's. Cent is absolutley in the PRO collom! I've been meaning to write my prases about this little hidden gem, but every time i try the words in my mind do not come accross properly in written form. Simply put; it is mind blowing and mind numbing all wrapped up in a bowl of mussels. with endless bread. and a Duck Pie (pizza for you none in the loop folks). seriosuly, Chef Erik (C?) and his wife have an amazing place. it all begins when you walk in, and are greeted by a 7' tall Roman Soldier! Yeah, no joke. how freaking legit'amus is that??? Epic status. right then i knew i was going to love this place...well, to be honest, the 1st time i was here i was drunk and the soldier looked menacing so i mooned him. now were cool. sit on either the patio or at the bar, both have solid aspects. at the bar, you can watch them cook and talk up the chef (owner, ruler, king of the soldier). patio is perfect for a date; pop a bottle, start with some Brie Cheese with Rasberry jam and some Rossoto followed with a stone cooked pie. Nothing will make your woman jump your bones faster than this. 100% money back gaurentee (monoply money of course, im not a Model and therefor not Rich). all in all, try it. you will not be disaponited. ONE TIP THOUGH: Call 1st. reservations make this small little slice of heavenly pie fill up fast. park right out front, walk in, do a jolly little shimmy shake cause you got in, and enjoy a mouth watering explosion in your gut.
5	They say that good things come in small packages but it's hard to imagine so much good in such a tiny place.  And it is tiny.  The tables inside will seat 12 people - total!  There are 6 bistro table seating 2 each and space for 4 more at the bar which overlooks the kitchen.  All this in a space about the size of a single car garage.  And since you're sharing the same room as the kitchen expect to go home smelling like the food.  OK, so it's small but the food makes it all worth it.  I had the duck pizza which comes with an apple demiglace on a wonderful crust.  My companion had dijon tilapia.  Both were outstandingly tasty.  If you're someone who prefers a hole in the wall with excellent food this one is worth the trip.  But with seating for only 12 - 16 people, make reservations well in advance.
4	I am still reeling a little trying to figure out how lunch for two wound up costing $74 (before tip). Between us, we had baked brie, split a salad and our entrees were: mussels and  chorizo manchego risotto. Granted we DID have wine and dessert and dessert liqeur-a flight of it, so I GUESS I understand. Just a bit of a shocker.However, everything was freshly made and delicious. The Blackberry Spinach salad was AWESOME and while I'm not a huge fan of feta cheese, it PERFECTLY balanced the sweetness of the blackberry vinaigrette dressing so well done on that!I'm not a huge fan of brie either and while I didn't go nuts over the baked brie with raspberry sauce, again the perfect balance of sweet and savoury in a light pastry was a pleasant surprise.The mussels were good size and the portion was generous. I enjoyed my risotto thoroughly. I was expecting the chorizo to be a traditional Spanish sausage and not the kind you scramble in with eggs to help cure a hangover. While I was not hungover the latter form of chorizo was a pleasant surprise and of high quality which made this dish thoroughly enjoyable.We followed this off by an enjoyable cream cheese strawberry pastry with chocolate chile sauce. Again, light and enjoyable. Their wine offerings are VERY unique and your server will be very helpful in determining the right pairing for you.The place is VERY tiny and outdoor dining should be taken advantage of in good weather. It reminds me of one of those tiny little cafes in Manhattan that can barely hold ten people. The inside however is cozy and inviting.In re-reading this review, my initial comment about the price doesn't in any way reflect poor value. Quite the opposite in that fresh, quality ingredients are used and a lot of thought has gone into creating the dishes on the menu. The results are some unique dishes that reflect a deep understanding of food and how to combine the right ingredients to yield a complex, sophisticated creation worthy of a discerning palate. I guess I'm just not used to paying that much for lunch........I guess I'll just have to come back for dinner because in the end, it really is worth the cost.
5	The pulled duck pizza is delicious; actually, everything I've eaten here is a win. The menu changes fairly often and all the offerings are fresh and unique. It's fun to watch your meal being cooked (the dining room only seats about 15 and the bar divides you from the kitchen).  Large wine selection as well.
5	Awesome place! Great food!  Killer location!
3	We went there during Valentine's week after seeing all the good Yelp reviews. The menu had good choices that seemed reasonably priced, save for the $22 for roasted vegetables. While the food we ate was delicious (pulled duck pizza, salami & artichoke pizza, baked brie), the presentation needs some work. We sat outside and the ambiance left something to be desired - everything looked either old, cheap, or both (e.g. chairs, tables, fire pit). The cigar store Indian-style Centurion out front didn't help. While the server was friendly, I was not a fan of the free muffin-top she was offering, nor her general attire which seemed more fitting for working at a dive bar.All in all, tasty, but a bit disappointing after hearing all the yelping.
5	Wow.  Everything we tried was so tasty.  I can't wait to go back!  YUMM
4	I'm still not sure if it's a 3 or a 4.. so let me give you the experience.This place is very small - they have an outside patio that seats about 11 total.. and 5 more on couches with these almost hideous looking coffee-tables.We arrived on a Friday (First Friday, which we totally hadn't planned that) and since we didn't know we'd need (nor had we made) reservations, we were seated on a two-person red couch with the ugly coffee-table to eat from.  We were both not big fans of this, but hey, at least we got seated with no reservations (there were a lot of ppl that came after us with no reservations and were turned away.. sucks).Ordered two beers - they came out quickly.  Ordered 2 entrees: the Market special (which was veal) and the Portuguese Stew.  I had the stew and he had the veal.  His came out quite a bit before mine (didn't care for that) and then when I finally got mine, it was not at all what I expected.  It was *spicy* as all hell (I must've missed that on the menu) and had a lot of seafood and a big tilapia on top... I guess I was expecting a soup.. that's my bad for not knowing that stews and soups are different.He loved his dish (finished it before me) and I did not care for mine with all the spiciness (I had a runny nose the whole time from the spice).. luckily the server lady asked how I was liking it and I told her the truth but told her I was really hungry so I was just going to eat it. She said sorry, left and came back and said the chef wanted to add extra sauce to tame down the spiciness.. she brought it back quickly and it was heaping with mixed in manchego cheese (though the tilapia I hadn't finished yet was missing now).. the flavor was fabulous.. but it left me wondering about my tilapia.  Maybe he switched the tilapia out for more mussels.. whatever, that's fine.  I was just glad that I could finally eat my meal.. though I ate it alone because, again, his meal had come first and was now gone (I told him not to wait because I knew a freshly hot veal chop would get cold in the patio where we were and would not be as enjoyable).SO.. alas.. conclusions:there were several minuses mixed in with some pluses.. I wouldn't say I'd never go back, but it was a good experience and I'd give it another try to see how it would go on another visit.
1	Good points: Nice server, good wine, great location. Bad points: Food. Food. Food. First problem: The menu had very little to choose from. The same ingredients that make up a particular pizza can also be found in salad or entree form. Here's the rest of the play-by-play: Bread and oil - The bread was pretty good, home-made and salty. Appetizers: 1)Proscuitto wrapped mushrooms stuffed with risotto - Decent. Nothing to write home about. Clever idea but the sauce and filling were bland.2) Baked brie and jam wrapped in pastry: I'm a good home cook, not great. However, this is a dish that I've made at home and it turned out much better. The brie was either under-heated or just poor quality, because it was not as melted as any of us expected. Also, this dish was surprisingly salty.Entrees: 1) Cheese pizza: just like Domino's makes it. But more salt.2) Chorizo and manchego risotto: Chorizo was fine, risotto was chunky.3) Shrimp linguine: Again, good idea, just needs alot of work.4) Mushroom and spinach risotto: Worst part of the meal. I will never go back because of this. The risotto was chewy and mushy, the spinach was all but raw, and it was topped with, you guessed it, lots of salt. I ate a few bites because I was hungry, but couldn't bring my self to try to get full on it. The server claims they make the risotto with "a cream base, which is why alot of people don't like it."The next thing I will want to say is that the "white wine" list included Rosso Dolce. If you're thinking to yourself "Rosso sounds like red," you're right! I ordered it off the white list and was surprised when I was given a glass filled with deep red. It was wonderful, and the sweetest red I've ever had, but when we brought this to the servers attention she said it was on the wrong list because it was sweet. She also struggled to answer the question "Is the zin red or white?" As I said the service was very friendly, and the chef graciously accomodated a request (one which wasn't on the menu) for a member in our party. The place has great potential, but they really need to work to reach it.
5	Favorite downtown lunch spot.  I'm not sure it will stay that way when it gets too hot to eat on the patio, but the parking is easy (garage in the back), prices for lunch reasonable ($8-11 for salad and sandwich) and the food is awesome.  I had the maximus burger (burger stuffed with risotto) on the house bread with spinach salad.  Risotto inside the burger was a little out there, but I ordered because it was different.  Maybe one of the better burgers I've had.  Definitely coming back.
4	First time I have eaten at Centurion, and I think it's a great place.  I love small, intimate places that have excellent food.  We had cheese pizza, Portugese-style mussels, and risotto with chorizo.  The pizza was good.  But the mussels, served in a spicy (NOT hot), tomato-based sauce were excellent.  When we had eaten all the mussels I wanted to tip the bowl up and drink the rest of the sauce. And the risotto was creamy and cheesy with some wonderful-tasting chorizo on it - so, so delicious.  I liked the menu.  I felt there was plenty to choose from - a good variety.  When we got there it was quite busy, and they told us there would be a wait, but we chose to stay, so we thought it was really nice when we were comped dessert for the inconvenience (and we didn't even feel inconvenienced!!)  It was interesting - a ricotta-filled pastry with a chili-chocolate sauce - and delicious!   Sorry I can't remember what it's called, but I know they won an award for it.   The bottom line: I can't wait to go back and it will be soon.   Do yourselves a favor and check it out.
4	Tiny, neighborhood place that is actually quite nice!  5 tables inside and about the same outside.  The brunch was pretty good...nice, friendly service and tasty food.  This place is a nice change from the other downtown restaurants.  The dinner menu looks pretty good as well, so might have to go back and check it out.
1	So we decided to try something different last night.  Against a couple people's advice we ate at Centurion, we had heard it changed hands since our friends ate there, so what the heck.1) The waitress was extremely friendly and eager.  She needed a little polishing on the waiting skills,but nothing major.  We were very happy with her bubbliness.2) They do not have an extensive hard liquor selection, as they are more a wine bar.  No problem, except that the $10 - 2oz pour vodka "martinis" came out in those mini vintage coca-cola glasses, with an unripened green olive containing the pit (we were warned about the pit ahead of time).3) They have an extensive mussel selection, about 5 different ways to prepare.  The waitress was very knowledgeable on the different preparations and explained them all in detail to me.  I chose the Loise (some type of lemon, butter, caper broth).  She also explained that the mussels used were New Zealand Green mussels, and were bigger than ordinary ones.  Hmmm.  So my entree comes out in a large bowl filled with broth and no capers, and about 8 mussels, which were about 3x the size of normal mussels.. Sweet!  I thought...  Until I ate one.  It was the most disgusting tasting mussel I have ever put in my mouth.  It tasted like i just scooped up a bunch of fish crap and shoved it in my mouth along with some dead creatures.  Disgusting.  I only ate 3 of them and could eat no more.  I believe they had been frozen too, as they were terribly rubbery.4) My partner had the Portuguese style fish stew, which was much better than mine, but had a few flaws of it's own.  He watched as the chef thawed the frozen filet that went in it.  It also had a couple of those horrid mussels in it which he didn't eat on my advice.  He thought there was too much tomato sauce, although it was quite good.  I tried a couple of bites of the fish and sauce, and agreed it was much better than what I had ordered.  But not mind-blowing.  The other shellfish in his stew (mostly small clams) were fine, no taste really, but went well with the stew base.5) A couple other observations.  This space was definitely not intended to be a full service restaurant, nor should it continue being one.  It is about 400 sq ft inside, there is a bar (not the kind you drink from) dividing the kitchen from the dining room, so guests can see everything going on in the kitchen which faces the dining room.  W were able to see that not much, if anything was prepared fresh.  Things from cans, Uncle Bens rice packets, Franzio wine in a box (maybe this is the chef's private stash?).  The stove, oven, and brick oven make it extremely hot inside for the 4 tables.  Sitting outside was much better, but after May is not possible in Phoenix.  They apparently don't have a cleaning crew either, because all the extensive tchotchkes, pictures, and decor has a thick layer of dust on it.We arrived around 9pm, and there were 2 tables outside and 2 inside.  It looked as if none of those tables had actually eaten, but were just drinking wine and talking.  Maybe there's a reason for that?
4	We went here when it was the slow season...you know when the snow birds flee Phoenix. The place is small ( I mean cramped)  inside and not much to write home about.... The life size centurion is what drew me in....just kidding but it is pretty cool) and it has a good size patio to relax and eat. At 5pm we were the only people there. Now, normally I would order a drink and move along to the next venue when a place is empty. Our server was the Chef himself. Again, slow season, slow business. He waits on you, grabs your vino, cooks your food and serves. There was one other staff member there but he took care of us personally. The menu looked delicious and the food was beyond my expectations. Never judge a book by its cover! We ordered a truffle pizza and a chorizo pizza which was beyond good! It's sinfully good! Chef Eric has a gift for sure and of course he does....he's from Chicago like me and my fellow dinner patron. Not only is he from Chicago but from my hometown where his mother taught Latin at our high school. Who I totally remember! It really is a small world. So I found myself liking this place more and more! Honestly, this place has good people with good backgrounds, a solid work ethic and great food. This is a great addition to downtown Phoenix and Roosevelt Row. Put this on your list as a "must try"and be sure to take a picture of the centurion out front for me! Buon Appetito!
2	So much potential, but ultimately a let down.  We arrived at 730pm without a reservation. To be fair we had a Groupon and the fine print did require a reservation. But the place was empty except for two diners inside and a party of three on the patio. Eric hesitated but did accommodate us on the patio. We ordered two beers and the cheese plate to start. As we munched on the nicely presented cheese plate and sipped our beers the waiter came out to take our orders. He recommended the duck pizza. We planned to order two pizzas and a dessert. He loudly added up our tab and announced that we were his cheapest Groupon customers ever. A few minutes after ordering he reappeared and very unconvincingly told us that they were out of all Pizzas and we would need to order entrees. This was a desperate attempt an an up sell as Chef Eric was obviously annoyed that he accommodated us.  We were tempted to finish our beers and cheese plates, pay the check and leave but we did order two pasta dishes. They were mediocre at best. This is probably one of our least favorite dining venues downtown. The personality of the owner/chef is largely responsible for our disappointment.
1	The service was great, but that's about the end of it.We ordered a margherita pizza. It was overpriced, undercooked, and bland. We won't be back.
5	This place is tiny, but its a tiny delicious gem! The owner greeted us and was very friendly. We chatted with him and the chefs as they were making our food. We ordered the waffles with brei and grapes along with the veggie benedict and both my husband and I were shocked by how good the food tasted. Everything was made from scratch and you can tell this food is quality. I was so full by the time we left, but sad at the same time because my taste buds wanted more! Delicious.
4	This small gourmet restaurant has delicious food. The stuffed mushrooms were amazing. We also had the brick oven pizza that was delicious. The staff is friendly and very knowledgable about the food and wine choices.  My husband and I just stumbled up this place and got lucky they had a table because they really, really want you to make reservations.   It is VERY small.  Maybe 4 or 5 tables in the restaurant.
1	We have been here 3 times this year. Like other reviewers we really want to make this restaurant a regular stop as we live around the corner. We were in last Sunday morning for brunch with neighborhood friends. Its always amazing that they are out of things that they should have ample stock. This trip it was chorizo and diet coke?  As usual the service is super friendly by the same waitress we have everytime. Brunch menu was expensive and some of the items we ordered were not very good. The waffles are served with whipped cream and whatever fruit topping you order. They were extremely dry and should be served with some type of syrup. Instead they make a point of telling you there is no syrup. Some of the other items were very small portions and they couldn't have $ 2.00 in food cost but charge between 10-14.00.  As everyone in the restaurant is within 10' of the owner/chef you would expect some conversation from him. Nothing. The one thing he did do was to argue with a man and his family over an on line coupon. Everytime we go there someone is questioning the charges or the discount entitled them from the coupon.  Nice touch as we don't have one and are paying full price for poor food.  One, two, three strikes your out!
5	This tiny restaurant packs a punch of AWESOMENESS!!!!If you speed by North 2nd Avenue and West Roosevelt Street in Downtown Phoenix, not only will you get a speeding ticket but you will definitely miss out on one of the hole in the wall restaurants in Phoenix. I tried their Herb Crusted Rack of Lamb, which came with the Chorizo and Manchego Risotto, and it was to die for. My wife was not a wine drinker but had their sweet red wine (forgot the name but found in AJ's Food Market on Central/Camelback) and she wanted the some for her next house party. The other dishes we had were the Spinach, Brie, & Grapes, Blackberry Spinach Salad, White Truffle Pizza and Meatballs Marsala. My mouth and tummy was very happy that night...Thank you Centurion!!!Great customer service and place was very small. Definitely need to set a reservation ahead of time before coming here. BUT! NEWS FLASH! Our waitress stated they were going to extend the place and will occupy the business space to their west (unknown when they will begin this project).Another great location for a date night and would also recommend it to visitors, family and friends. Definitely a MUST VISIT!
4	Eclectic, tiny, delicious, quirky.We tried Centurion for brunch. I like the cozy atmosphere and how the kitchen was in the same room as the dining area so you can see the chef making his magic.I was kinda disappointed they didn't have bloody mary's but they did have mimosas. The mimosa had freshly squeezed OJ and was quite refreshing.My husband had the chorizo skillet which he said was awesome. I had the veggie breakfast sliders. They were kind enough to use scrambled eggs instead of fried, since I don't care for whole yolks on anything. Every component of the breakfast sliders was delicious and expertly prepared. The scones were fluffy and freshly made. The hollondaise sauce, which I am normally very picky about, was perfect. The pesto was bursting with flavor. My only complaint is I wasn't crazy about the combination of all the components together. I didn't dislike it... it just tasted a little odd. And everything except the eggs were cold like they came straight out of the refrigerator. I wish they would have heated the rest of the ingredients up.Service was friendly, helpful, and laid back.We are definitely coming back. The chef is very talented and  we met a regular who told us about all the other delicious items on the menu.
5	Many have started out with this and it should be stressed , this wonderful place is TINY! Suggest you make a reservation so you get he chance to enjoy the wonderful food that is in store. We started with the stuffed mushrooms , like many others raved about, and the Portuguese style mussels. Both were fantastic and left us wanting to come back to try the other mussel offerings and appys as well. The endless bread was the perfect tool for soaking up the rich juices the mussels were bathed in.  We're we're pretty full, but thought we would take a run at the Espana pizza. Hands down the best pizza we have ever had. The flavor could not be any better and the perfectly created thin crust let you enjoy the toppings as both a compliment and as a way to get it easily into your mouth! Feels more like you have been invited to a friend's house for an awesome meal as opposed to a restaurant. Great people and they went to all lengths to make ours and the other patrons meal fantastic (even the entirely needy, hard to please, and somewhat obnoxious woman seated near us)While I am sure they would make your super comfortable if you had to wait, suggest you  make a reservation so you can enjoy this great little place
5	Holy smokes, a gem! This tiny establishment is a pleasure; the 3 person staff are helpful and the pizza... Oh man. Magic.
1	My boyfriend and I were in the area and decided to stop in for brunch. At first glance, this restaurant looked really dirty and cluttered. A couple of tables were filled with diners but there were definitely tables available. After a strange and awkward pause, the hostess snapped, "Do you have a reservation because these people just sat down and we won't be able to serve you for another 25 minutes!" I have never been treated so rudely by a hostess before. She essentially shooed us out of there, it wasn't even a matter of being seated, it was a matter of being served for another 25 minutes, which is not a problem. However, after feeling so disrespected, we quickly left and will definitely never EVER return.
2	Went today for brunch. Thank goodness someone in our party made reservations because the man who "greeted" us was rather rude. The waitress didn't tend to us for a while, when she finally it was obvious she did not want to be there. She was not friendly or cordial in anyway. The place is tiny and quaint, but dusty and dirty. The walls are lined with empty wine bottles that are dusty. The wine bottles are right next to your head if your sitting along the wall. It is so tiny that the wine storage also happened to be right next to our table. When I say wine storage I am talking the boxes of wine on top of each other stacked and very cluttered looking. Our food didn't come out together to I ended up waiting a while before the rest of my table received their meals.Now on to their food, it was very good. I wish I could have tried their lunch or dinner menu. We all enjoyed our meals. It was rather rich but good.We probably wouldn't go back as I enjoy local dinning for the interaction with the wait staff, owners for the establishment. This place has great potential.
1	I've eaten here twice with my partner, and the first time was okay. We had waffles and the service was good and the patio was all right. The second time we had brunch inside and it was laughable to get charged so much for bad service in a restaurant that's coated with filth and clutter. The presentation was artless--a mimosa half filling a cheap wine glass was particularly ridiculous-- and the food was no more impressive than any of the dozen great restaurants within a mile radius. (Heck, Lola now has a better brunch offering.) Downtown is stepping up its game, Centurion, and you're literally left in the dust with your dirty restaurant and rude staff. Who wants to stare at a leaky ice bucket and sit an arm's length away from a stack of random junk on the bar separating a diner from the surly kitchen staff? Not me, and probably not you.
2	I have mixed feelings. The service was not good. The food tasted great, but I felt it was overpriced. There are no pics of this place online, because it's tiny and a little claustrophobic inside. I figured out that the chef and the waitress are a husband and wife team. But they are not friendly at all. She rudely said to the other waiter "They're gonna have to wait for a table then since they came LATE!" Yes, we were 15 minutes late for our 10:30 am reservation. I didn't think we'd be crucified for it. Anyway, we waited outside on the patio in the burning sun for 40 minutes waiting to be sat. Then they were out of the first three things we tried to order. What we finally got was tasty, and the waitress finally lightened up... rightly so, after a $60 brunch for 2, you could act like you appreciate the patronage. I'm intrigued by the menu, but I don't like the atmosphere enough, and I would like to be treated pleasantly when I'm paying for overpriced food which happens to be my 3rd choice on the menu. Probably won't be returning.
3	If allowed, I would give 3.5 stars.  We dined here Friday evening and had the tasting menu.  My feelings about the experience are mixed.  As mentioned in a previous review, the place IS small.  If you're looking to discuss your upcoming wart removal, you may want to save that convo for a different venue.  However, as small as it is, it never got very loud which made it easy to chat with my companions.  A previous reviewer mentioned the boxed Franzia wine in the kitchen.  I noted that as well but it seems like they're cooking with it and not serving it.  Our waiter made a wine suggestion that I quite enjoyed.  Two of my companions got the wine pairing and raved about the selections.  The flavors and combinations of some of the dishes were inventive, experimental, and at times downright brilliant.  It is the sort of creativity that I have enjoyed at Binkley's many times.  There was one major stumble though - the awful pink and orange mess of the seafood dish with the shrimp and the clams.  I applaud the creativity in pairing strawberry mousse with seafood but visually, it doesn't work.  I didn't find that the flavors worked very well but truthfully, I was really distracted by the garish presentation.  I also did not care for the gelatin dessert but my dining companions quite enjoyed it.  My major, major issue with our evening there was the silverware.  With each course, we were asked to keep our silverware which I think is tacky.  Where it went from bad to worse is when the dessert courses came and we were eating flourless chocolate cake with the same fork that had made sweet love to artichokes, mushrooms, cauliflower and duck.  Ewww.   I honestly don't know if I'd come here again.  I'd say it's worth a visit but bring your own silverware.  ;)
2	Overwhelmingly meh.
4	Good food but gave a lunch menu and then told us we couldn't order off it.   It's a teeny place... I don't eat pork normally but I ordered the medallion with goat cheese.  I told the chef because of him, I'm back on pork.  Its a quaint place.....  good wine list.  the pizzas run out (that the least epensive thing) .... I've also been for brunch but I thing he could have more selection.  But its so tiny it makes sense to have a limited menu.  SUPER INTIMATE
4	Drove up to use a Google Offer for a 7 course tasting menu they were offering - apparently just about everyone there that night were doing the same thing.  It looked a lot scarier than I was envisioning but the food put me at ease.  The husband seems to know his thing when it comes to wine pairings and food.  The wife was quite when we were there..  I guess she can be brusque according to some of these reviews.I think just about all the courses were pretty impressive.  If you can get over the restaurant's appearance, you'd be in for a culinary treat.  I will say the risotto for one of the dishes were a bit undercooked, but overall impressive.I definitely would like to return to try a regular offering and would jump at the chance for another tasting offered.
3	This place is small and cozy. I decided to arrange to have my best friend's birthday dinner here while I visited her from out of town. Since I had no idea about the restaurant scene in Phoenix, I resorted to Yelp to figure out where we should eat. I decided on Centurion because of their menu and the photos.I also had been in contact with one of the people who worked there to arrange this dinner--he was very helpful and friendlyWe ate outside on the patio since our party was 7 people (the inside is pretty small). They had a fire pit on since it was cold.There were a couple of options for dinner service. Since the restaurant is pretty small, I believe they only had a limited number of ovens and said that if we decided to individually get stuff then it'd just come out in batches, and not all at once. Or, if we wanted they would just start rolling things out based on what they could cook the quickest. We picked the first option.  I got the chorizo risotto which tasted so yummy and creamy! I also had the duck pizza, which was surprisingly very good. A good size (about 12-14inches in diameter). My friends got the tilapia, they said it was bland.We brought over a birthday cake and there was a cake cutting fee for about $5 a slice--which was pretty expensive (7 people x $5 = $35 to slice a $50 cake). I would forgo bringing a cake over and just wait til you get home or something to cut a cake for 7 people. One thing that disappointed me was when he told me there was a cake cutting fee, it was "around $3-5 a slice" .. Obviously, he kept the ambiguity of the price and decided to charge me the more expensive. If you decide to choose the cake cutting fee, ask for the actual price and not the approximate.They split the check for us, took a little bit longer than expected. An automatic gratuity of %18 was added to the bill.I'd try it out again, maybe the experience would be different with a smaller party of 2 or 3! :)
4	Enjoyed dinner for the taste and ambience. Small and cozy. Enjoyed watching chef and helpers prepare the dishes. Brie tart was great!
5	Always solid. The new slider apps are phenomenal. Rack of lamb is pure money. Pair with a glass of the Bordeaux and you're enjoying life. Best risotto in town by far. Waitress is really helpful. Call for reservations to be safe.
5	Intimate and and absolutely delicious...muscles, flatbreads, lamb, risotto...it's all amazing and expertly crafted. The flavors sing and the wines are beautifully chosen. Do yourself a favor, go and put your experience in the Chef's hands. Eat and drink what he recommends.  It's a gem of a place and one I am grateful to have in my hood!
4	My husband and I had the pleasure of experience the 7 course tasting menu a couple of weeks ago. We'd already dined there before having one of their very creative pizzas and the must try chocolate soup with puff pastry.The tasting menu included everything from a fruit and cheese plate and 2 desserts to steak medallions with potatoes, deconstructed Greek salad and, my personal favorite of the evening, roasted brussel sprouts with wonderfully crisped salami.Enhancing the experience all the more was the knowledgeable, enthusiastic staff.My only suggestion would have been to serve the 1st wine pairing before the course was served as we like to have our drinks served immediately upon being seated.Truly a hidden treasure in downtown Phoenix - we will be back!
4	I did the 7 course tasting with accompanying wines via a groupon.  The wording on the groupon certainly made it seem like you got both the wines and food for the groupon price, but they assured me at the restaurant that I needed to purchase the wine.  Which was fine.The food was very good - standout courses being a grilled white asparagus wrapped in prosciutto and a very good spinach dip with strong hints of truffle.  The accompanying wines were very good, though they were all served in the same glass.This is a very small restaurant and it wouldn't be too difficult for them to change wine glasses out between courses and to offer some more silverwear for dessert.The food was good, the service was okay, but the experience was slightly hurt by the silverwear and glass problem.
4	I can't believe I never left a review. It was a little expensive and there was some waiting, the place is a bit small but it's a small business so what do I expect. The pizzas were great, exotic (not weird) and definitely not the generic pizza you get at your local pizza franchise. I ate till I could eat no more so I can definitely say I enjoyed it and I got to meet the owner and chief who was very nice. I went there a while ago...I gotta remember to go again.
5	Yes, the place is NYC small, but the food more than makes up for it.  It's definitely an intimate operation, and I think my condo sized kitchen is larger than the chef's there, but oh how he can cook.  We arrived 15 min late for our 830, and having never been there, did not think this would be the end of the world but it almost was.  The chef suggested that we wait on the patio where they had a fire going, and I did not feel like sitting out in the cold, so initially I told my boyfriend that we should go somewhere else.  He did a little convincing and then I decided to give it a go and I'm glad we did.  We ordered 2 glasses of wine and were seated promptly 15 min later as promised, and they even comped the two glasses of wine for our trouble which I thought was very nice.  There were out of portobellos so we were unable to get the appetizer of our choice, so we decided on the salami pizza to start.  It was huge and delicious, and not entirely what I expected.  We each ate two slices but wanted to save room for the main event.  I ordered the mussels portuguese style, while the man got the rack of lamb.  The mussels were Huge, like palm of your hand enormous, and so deliciously prepared.  The sauce was perfect, a touch spicy, with the most wonderful flavors.  I actually drank it up like soup, and accidentally stabbed myself in the thumb with my fork during an unfortunate mussel wrangling incident.  I declared them to be the best mussels I have ever had.  My boyfriends meal was just as good, the lamb excellent and perfectly cooked, the creamy manchego and chorizo risotto and waffles it was accompanied by all melded together perfectly.  It just all worked, I can't say a thing that could have been improved.  We will definitely return, although I will find it hard to order anything else.
1	Terrible service, food and experience.  Waited over an hour to receive n overly salty meal and a lamb entree with 80 % fat.  We were 2 of the 4 initially in the restaurant andwaited 15 minutes to order drinks. Overpriced and horrendous service.
1	Bad service.  We were two of four people in the restaurant and they took fifteen minutes just to serve us drinks.  It took almost an hour to get our food!  The food was not good!  EXTREMELY SALTY and the chicken tasted like it was the pre-cooked stuff you get at a grocery store.  Also, expensive for the portion you get.  Will never go back.
5	The entrees looked delicious but I got distracted with several of the smaller plates: stuffed mushrooms, risotto, mussels, and the pastry/chocolate dessert.  All were excellent and beyond reproach.  The stuffed mushrooms were particularly delightful, particularly with the house-made sauce.The service was fantastic, and a special mention must go to Wayne, the new bartender.  His Mai Thai puts anything else to shame.  Even for those who aren't big into sweet drinks, this is perfect.  Smooth, sweet, strong, and garnished with a fantastic dark marashino cherry. Apparently that Mai Thai has won awards, and they're well deserved.  It was fantastic!
5	Yes, the Resturant is small but they just opened a new bar area that offers much more seating and they have some great speciality cocktails on the menu. The bar manager is great, very friendly and a great mixologist!  After some wonderfully prepared and great "bar-food" in Maximus a few days ago, we went back today for brunch The cocktails we had the other night were great, only to find the best Bloody Mary in town this morning. As recommended by our wonderful server, I had the steak scones whereas others in my party had the eggs Benedict and the Spanish Skillet, all of which were nothing short of magnificent!We love this little place and will surely continue to return over and over again!
4	This place is GREAT!! Staff, food, drinks, all AWESOME!  Great date night/mom and pop but classy place.  Parking is a bit annoying, but worth it!
4	We didn't have any food, but the drinks were delicious and worth returning for. The atmosphere was inviting and cozy. Service at the bar was impeccable and friendly.
5	Enjoyed the 7 course tasting menu with wine pairing last night.  Loved the Pork with Goat's Cheese, Figs and Bananas Bruleed in Rum the best.  Every wine was a perfect compliment to the course. The ambiance is so charming! Complimenting the creative and wonderful tasting food was our waitress who had a wicked sense of humor to match my own and she was very knowledgeable.  I wish I could remember her name!  Kudos to the manager who accommodated my daughter and I on our Groupon with very short notice.  That was super cool!
5	We've eaten here probably 15-20 times and it is our favorite downtown spot for dining.  The food is inventive and we love watching the process in this very small restaurant.  The new bar is great - inventive drinks and not your typical bar food.  Make a reservation and be on time, because there are only about 16 seats in the restaurant.  More seats are in the bar and outdoor patio, but this is a tiny restaurant, which is the charm.  Well, that, and the great food.  The staff is friendly and welcoming.They added a TV in the bar and there is none in the restaurant.  I am totally turned off by a blaring TV for dining.  In the bar it is just fine, but I appreciate no TV.
4	My wife surprised me with a birthday dinner at the Centurion.  We got off to a rocky start when they couldn't find our reservation and had no recollection of the emails exchanged with my wife.  After I produced a copy of one of the emails there was a long pause while they checked with the kitchen to see if we could be accommodated with the 7 course tasting menu we had requested.  We were advised there would be a wait before the tasting menu service would begin as several customers would be doing the tasting at the same time.  We were seated and given a complimentary glass of wine for our trouble.  The tasting was wonderful with varied small plates matched to wines from several regions.  We choose to sit next to the prep kitchen so we could watch the food preparation and talk with the chefs.  The courses were served at a nice pace and each wine served In a fresh glass.  The food was excellent with very creative flavor combinations that were well executed and visually appealing.  Our server was new, attentive and got answers to our many questions.  The chefs  were focused but friendly.  The small kitchen definitely impacts what they can accomplish but they do a great job of working around the kitchen limitations .  There are a number of menu items we would like to try like the stuffed mushrooms, the lamb and wood fired pizza. We got to see most of the menu items coming out of the kitchen.  They all looked good and smelled wonderful.  It's a great little place with a surprising array of food and wine.  We plan to make it a regular  dinning stop.
5	I discovered this little gem out of coincidence when I was invited there for an informal meeting. We decided to go with the food-wine pairing menu and we were not disappointed. The food was nothing short of outstanding and the wine pairing very interesting and at times something I would never have thought of. The service was great and the owner stopped at the table for a long and very informative chat on food and wine among other things. It is a small restaurant so you may want to reserve a table. Great ambiance in this small restaurant.
1	I haven't eaten at this restaurant, but I can rate their poor service and their lack of integrity.  I purchased their Groupon for the 7-course taster menu.  Perhaps they sold too many of these because they have had no availability for people to come in and redeem their Groupons.  I called 4 times over the course of 3 months with numerous dates and times that I was available to come in, and each time they had no availability.  On the last call, after informing me that there was still no availability, the manager informed me that the deal would expire at the end of the month and that there was only one time slot left on a weeknight that I could take to redeem the Groupon.    He was rude and made no apologies, and no concessions when I protested that it was unfair to no longer accept the Groupon deal.  I found his manner of addressing me completely offensive.  I accepted the last available slot, and I am going to eat there since I have already paid for the meal.  Hopefully their busy schedule is evidence that their food is at least worth it, but I doubt it will be worth the trouble it has taken to get inside the door.  At the very least, I heartily discourage purchasing any Groupon that they post in the future.
2	Let me start off by saying that first, great location, right off the Roosevelt and Central Light Rail Stop and the newly opened bar area is nice and roomy and they have an amazing Schneider Weiss on draft. Those in my party who drank beer agreed that it was amazing. Now, on to the rest of the evening.I realize the place is small and independently owned but the meal started with confusion over the menus in that for some reason some people in my party got the dinner menu, others seemed to get the bar menu, so we had to get that straightened out. Overall, not a huge deal but indicative of the overall evening.Next, we ordered drinks. I like to try new cocktails and so myself and someone else in the party ordered them (the same one for both of us) and the rest of the party was wine and a beer. Here we go into a pet peeve of mine, the drinks took a long time to get to the table. The whole table was talking about it by the time they arrived. In addition, the cocktails, and I guess I did learn something from attending cocktail week seminars earlier this year because they were completely off balance. They had tarragon and it overwhelmed everything else in the drink and the drink was overly sour and needed more simply syrup to balance things out. My friend, who always drinks his cocktail, wouldn't finish the drink it was so out of kilter.Next, we ordered some appetizers, the prosciutto wrapped mushrooms and hot olives from the bar menu. We had five people at the table and the waitress brought four mushrooms, and they were somewhat dry, and served with a bowl of some sort of tarragon cream sauce that was completely out of size with the rest of the app. I realize they may need to charge more but if there are five people, ask them if they want an extra one so everyone can have their own. As for the hot olives, I usually love those, but they should be served with pits in, not pitted, for maximum flavor and nibbling the meat off the pit is part of the experience. The pitted olives, frankly blah. Maybe I'm not cultured enough but I've never, ever had hot pitted olives before.Next, I decided to try the Hamburg mussels, which came in a cream sauce with, I believe, sliced shiitaki mushrooms. Good mussels but lacked taste and possibly more salt? All I can say is I like mussels and I was distinctly underwhelmed by this dish.Next, main course and I had the rack of lamb, which was not half bad but it came with a stack of waffles with some sort syrup and though the waiter, I believe, mentioned they were cheese waffles of some sort, they tasted like waffles and didn't seem to go all that well with the lamb. However, the side dish of risotto with crumbled chorizo was tasty. I know, my fault, I should have read what came with the lamb but never thought of waffles. If I may be so bold, since the risotto is a starch, how about some veggies on the side?I finished the meal off with a coffee which was okay but as with much of my meal, it was underwhelming as opposed to say, the coffee at Chelsea's Corner, which is exceptional.At the end of the meal, we discussed the stars and though I hate to give two stars, the meal experience relative to the cost, two stars. I hope the owners read Yelp reviews and work on it because I want to like this place, I really do and I want to try it again. They have a lovely bar area and a charming setting and right off the rail and hey, next time with my German wheat beer, I'll try the pizza. Call me ever hopeful but I want to see this place get better.
5	We came here with a group of 8 and orders food to share - pizzas, salads, drinks and I was pleased with every single one of the choices. Drink were pretty interesting (mine was very spicy, but that's my fault for taking on something that I shouldn't have). Other drinks were very good (I tried someone else's). Pizza had an unbelievably crunchy crust - I really liked it, but that may not be to everyoe's taste. The server was very friendly, helpful, and patient (group of 8 is no easy task to please). The check was very pleasing as well, less than what I would have expected to pay.
4	I will definitely be back. Our service was off- appetizer ordered didn't make it in, as well as one of the entrees. Someone came over and offered to take the appetizer off the bill which we thought was very nice. However, when we received the bill it was still on it. Not the best. Everything we had was delicious though. There was a dessert that we had heard about that wasn't on the menu that night. They were nice enough to whip one up for us which was appreciated. A neat spot- could have been a 5 star experience if the service wasn't so off.
4	Just moved to the neighborhood and this place is just around the corner.  Very small place, but definitely embraces the local arts scene with lots of art inside as well as lit up empty liquor and wine bottles on the wall.  Bar Maximus is attached as well for more space and lively atmosphere.  Food is very eclectic.  I had a pizza, but not just any pizza.  Sausage, cheddar cheese, and jelly (yes, jelly).  Unusual?  You bet.  Tasty?  Very.  The waitress was very friendly and the owner also came by to check on us.  My one disappointment was the beer and wine list.  It was pretty limited in variety.  Might be an area for improvement.  That said, very happy to have this neighborhood hangout spot.  Would gladly take friends here.
3	Sorry I live in the neighborhood and have been waiting to try out this great place. Must have been an off night the Rack of Lamb was tasty but was not evenly cooked and the risotto was mush. I'll try again cause we support local.
1	This restaurant won't be around long. The food was decent, but the service was horrible--as was the attitude of the owner/chef. Drinks from the bar came out one at a time. Who does that? We had to ask for silverware with every course--they seemed to think we'd eat with our hands. When asked what was good? The server had no answer except to say they are known for their chef. He didn't offer dessert. When we asked for it, they didn't follow up with coffee or tea. WIth only 15 tables, the chef/owner could have said hello or stopped by the table. We were the last ones to leave (at 10 p.m.) and the chef was just sitting at a table talking to the servers. What a missed opportunity to interact with their customers.  The four of us hold higher level positions that require entertaining clients. He lost our future business. There are too many other great restaurants in Phoenix to try. Go elsewhere.
1	We went to Centurion after buying a Google Offer for the place -- $50 for $100 off the bill.  Due to stringent stipulations on redeeming the coupon, our attempts to use it in time were rebuked and the deal lapsed. We called and asked about redeeming the coupon for its original value and they said it was okay.Fast-forward a few months.  We were downtown running some errands and decided to give the place a shot.  It was early on a Saturday evening, and we sat in the simple shaded patio area on the sidewalk. The drinks looked really nice, so I ordered a signature cocktail. The drink took 15 minutes to prepare, despite the fact that there was only one other table dining.  I was disappointing to find that the drink was poorly mixed, resulting in the flavor of a cucumber liquor eclipsing the delicate mixture of herbs and chartreuse. For starters we had the Brie with Jam, which is baked into a puff pastry with a strawberry sliced on the side.  The presentation was nice, aside from being burned onto the dish, and the appetizer was essentially the fanciest Pop Tart I had ever eaten. Not bad, but a bit too sweet for a starter.   For a main course we split the shepherd's pie, of which only two are baked per night. Having arrived 30 minutes after they opened, we got there just in time to have the last one! Very exciting.  Again, the plating of the dish was very nice. It was molded into the shape of a small cake, baked in a crust of prosciutto and drowned in brown gravy.  Clawing past the porcine armor with our forks, we found it filled with carrots chopped into mashed potatoes, sitting on a thin layer of hamburger. Not much for $30, but it looked great. Unfortunately, the intense saltiness of the gravy and the prosciutto overshadowed any other flavor that may have existed in the dish. The sodium burned my pallet so badly, that I couldn't even manage the last few bites.  Okay, so we knew now that this place was not worth the money, but at least we could just apply the cost of the Google Offer and never come back again... at least that is what we thought (and were told on the phone). The owner of the establishment came out to tell us, that we could not do this due to the stipulations in the original coupon.  I patiently informed him that this is no longer a deal -- since the Offer had expired -- but I simply a redeeming of $50 which was already paid. I was rebuffed.  After several minutes of arguing, he agreed to apply the $50 only to food but not to drinks.  More arguing ensued, and out of frustration we paid for the drinks and left. Thus, the owner -- not the waiter or a manager -- of this overpriced "unpretentious fine dining" establishment squabbled with us for 10 minutes over a paltry $13 which we had already paid, effectively cheating me out of $26.  An infuriating dessert to a disappointing meal. Buyer beware.
5	The staff is very knowledgable about wine and they have craft and imported beer selections. For dinner we always have the Pancetta wrapped risotto stuffed mushrooms with a tarragon cheese sauce as an appetizer.Rack of lamb with waffle, fish stew, and their risottos are also standouts. Their menu also includes a vegan option of wood fired vegetables and also homemade focassia (also vegan). Centurion has many delicious wood fired pizzas but their entrees are so good that we often forget about the pizzas. Their menu goes through revision once a year or so and does not currently include steak,  which is disappointing. This is our "go to" place and have frequented them at least every month for at least 2 years. Very good place!
1	Horrible service with no regard for their loyal patrons. Definitely NOT worth your time nor money.
1	Checked the credit card statement... they added a fraudulent $5 tip to the bill.
1	Bought the travelzoo deal for a 3 hour tasting with appetizers.  The ad bragged about the chef and the great food and drink...Yes, we got 8 tastes, as promised, but we were prepared for pairings.  Instead we received two meatballs at the end of the tasting. Seemed microwaved and bland.  Would have rather been ready for a tasting only , then i would have eaten ahead of time. I would not recommend this deal.
4	It was great!This place was really small, but I LOVED it, it was comfortable and a friendly environment. The kitchen is right there, its amazing, you can see what they are doing, the only thing that could be off putting is that this is Arizona and it is summer, so watching from the kitchen bar can get pretty warm, but then, just don't sit there.My good friend loves the place and found it a few years before. So he recommended a few things, we had a bottle of Riesling with our baked Bree and blackberry (I think it was jam) it was amazing. Truly, and I am very particular about the types of cheese I'm okay with (food allergies)We were just catching up, so we didn't decide immediately that we would stay for dinner, but, why not, I choose the pasta with lobster in an amazing carrot butter sauce and he had the standing Shepard's pie, you have to see it to believe how amazing it is. Our food was amazing, we had a second bottle of wine, which was also amazing and although my friend finished all of his food, I've never been able to finish a full plate of pasta in one sitting, so I brought some home. I actually ate the left overs, which is unlike me. The owner talked to us for a bit, he was really helpful, talked to me a bit about my emerging interests in making wine/beer and different outlets that would be helpful and reasonably priced. I didn't expect that, it was really nice of him to talk about their wide selection of wines, beers and other interesting concoctions. I wish that I had more time to try a couple of them.I will have to go back, sometime soon.
2	Needed to write a follow up to register a compliant as I've now experienced this twice.  I have no problem with the food they served as the food was just as tasty as the first time I went here.  The pizzas were great, and the dessert was good too.  But this is the second time I've gone and items I wanted were out of stock.  The beer I wanted was not on tap last night (first time that's happened, though a wine offering was not available for the second time), and the dessert we wanted was also out of stock (second time that's happened).  The substitutes we got were fine, but I would ask that they either remove items from the menu that are not in stock or please try to stock enough of what you sell to feed your patrons.  We were there for a 6pm dinner so they should not be running out of food and beer at the heart of dinner hour.  I want this place to succeed, but please fix this.
5	I first reviewed this restaurant 2.5 years ago and boy, time flies! Centurion continues to be one of my favorite restaurants. Easily in the top 5. It has changed a lot since my first review and now added Bar Maximus. You can still order food from the Centurion menu at Bar Maximus. I have several favorites on the menu which overall ranges from inexpensive to pricey. Lately, their Hamburg mussels is what I crave. It comes in a crockpot with a creamy sauce that you dip your endless, buttery bread into. Uh, so freaking to die for. My 6 year old and I fight over that dish. As a matter of fact, we are each going to get our own next time. Ha! I also love their Israeli couscous salad made with feta, salami, chicken, cucumber and a light dressing. They also make great pizzas, risotto and dishes from their brick oven. Try their handcrafted cocktails, too. While a little pricy, they are well-made. Eric also has a really nice wine list for different palates. Case in point, my husband and I have vastly different tastes in wine and can still enjoy a glass there.
1	This was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.  The food was okay, the service was okay, but they overcharged us for a salad and then the server told us we were not allowed to pay in cash.  He told us that it was the owner's policy not to keep change in the restaurant so if we wanted any change we would have to walk down to the gas station.  We thought that was a weird policy for a small business so the server suggested we talk to the owner.  After paying our bill (as charged without asking for the salad item to be changed) the owner came over.  He started berating us and telling us we didn't know how to read the bill.  He told us they were lying about the no-change policy the server spent 15 talking to us about.  We asked him why he was being so aggressive and he started yelling at us to get out of the restaurant.  He told us he didn't need our business because they are one of the top ten restaurants in Phoenix.  Not even close.
4	I like Centurion.  It's got more space now after their expansion, and it's a quirky, unusual experience.  You feel really close to the kitchen and chefs, and the food is always good.It's terrific that after 5pm weekday and all day Saturday and Sunday, street parking is completely free (so no need to add coins).  Trust me, I live downtown.Their 7 course tasting menu is unbelievably tasty ($50 for food only, $75 with wine pairings).  The 21% gratuity they automatically add though is highly annoying (15% is fine, 18% okay, but 21% is a mugging).Service is good.  Their risotto of the day is unbelievable ($8).  They make the best risotto in all of Phoenix, in my opinion, and are creativeTheir pizzas are good too, but maybe a dollar or two too expensive.Their mussels are also a standout and fairly priced.Personally, I'd stick with the three above for an everyday dinner, and the tasting menu for a special occasion like an anniversary. Their brunch is also fun.
5	Just a quick review... Had the seven course tasting menu plus wine pairing.  Overall it was a great experience.  Each course was artfully displayed and tasty.  Wines were described in great detail. We sat next to the kitchen, which added to the experience as we got to see each dish prepared.  Wait staff was friendly and very attentive without hovering.  We'll be back!
5	Wonderful, intimate fine dining experience. We had the 7-course tasting menu with wine pairings. Each course was beautiful and balanced, and the wine pairings set them off nicely. Staff was friendly and accommodating. We can't wait to go back!
1	I'm not sure why this place has such stellar Yelp ratings. I assume these reviews were crafted by those who aren't foodies.The food here is not good PERIOD. I ordered the mussels Moules Hamburg and the mussels Portuguese Style. They were both disgusting. First of all they use previously frozen mussels on the half shell so they don't exactly source the freshest ingredients. The mussels were tough and over cooked. I was picturing a light broth that was just enough to dip you bread in while you could still taste the ocean and the flavor of the mussels. This is not what I got. I got mussels that were drowning in broth. I literally had to go fishing for my mussels since they were completely submerged in broth. The Hamburg style had no mushrooms as the waiter stated and the Portuguese style had no chorizo. The Portuguese style was nearly inedible as there was some off putting bitter aftertaste to the broth. I also ordered the stuffed mushrooms wrapped in prosciutto. These were sad and not good. The mushrooms were no joke the size of a nickel and stuffed with pesto rice. Then they were wrapped in prosciutto and broiled. This was an epic fail as the prosciutto was dry over cooked and burnt. Service here was also a disappointment. The "dining room" was very small with about 6 tables that face an open galley style kitchen. The kitchen is tiny, unkept, and in my mind better left unseen. It's not like Thomas Keller is manning the stoves. My waiter wasn't the best in the business either.  He didn't know the specials of the day, he never refilled my water and he even brought me the wrong check.In summary, don't eat here. Take you hard earned cash elsewhere.
5	We enjoyed the 7 course meal with wine pairing. The food was amazing and the wine pairings were generous in size. :) The wait staff and owner were all very friendly. This is now my new favorite Phoenix restaurant!! I loved everything about it!!!
4	We just dined here as a result of a groupon offering us the seven course tasting menu. It is a nice quaint little restaurant located in downtown Phoenix. The dining room is small but don't let that fool you. The food they put out is actually very tasty and done well. The wine pairing are 2oz pours and matched well. The only thing we wished for was an actual "meat" course. I believe their main entree for the night was salmon and they did mention that they do switch up the menu so maybe in the future they will have a meat course. It would also have been nice to know which entrees they were going to be serving on their tasting menu as well. I believe the entrees we had this night was:1. Mozarella cheese with olive oil, balsalmic vinegar, and some crushed pistachios.2. Stuffed mushroom wrapped in prosciutto with a tarragon sauce.3. Cherry stone clams with chorizo and a beurre blanc sauce.4.Wood fired salmon on a bed of white truffle risotto.5. Cheese plate6. Chocolate covered strawberry.7. Chocolate chili soup.It was a nice dinner and we would come again more often if it wasn't so far for us.
2	In a nutshell:Shabby interior and very tiny for a "fine dining" experience. Appetizers: Ordered the mushrooms wrapped in prosciutto. 4 TINY mushrooms with a filling and wrapped in overly cooked prosciutto. Served with a tasty "cheese sauce" but the proportions are WAY off.  $9???.....Mussels. Served the "French" way. Too much wine in the sauce that hadn't been reduced and mussels tasted like rubber. This is Cooking 101.  I think I got a great buzz though just from the mussels!Entree: Lamb and Waffles. Seriously??? Lamb was good. I'd give it a 7. But the sauce with the waffles is simply tasteless. In more ways than one. Overly cooked Risotto had burned chorizo on top. $32? Really? To finish: Puff pastry filled with Cheese and 2 Blackberries served with Spicy Chocolate sauce. I could drink the chocolate sauce--it was that good. The puff pastry didn't have much filling though.Not sure if we will return. Maybe to try the Pizza? Waiter: Awesome!
4	Cozy little restaurant with great pizza and a great atmosphere.
2	I had high expectations it was a quaint little joint however I was disappointed and would not go back. The pork was tender but had ZERO flavor. The rosemary risotto tasted like rice with cream of chicken soup I could have better at home.Eric started out nice enough but was a jerk by the end of the night.
5	We came with a party of 9 for dinner. The chef offered to pick menu favorites and bring them in waves for the table to share. We tried so many different entrees over an hour and a half that we got to see a lot of the menu. It kept the atmosphere light and fun. Nobody was hungry as there was always new food at the table. What an incredible restaurant. I'll be back soon!
5	Adorable restaurant, chill vibe, attentive servers, great cocktails, delicious wines, and spectacular foods. I 100% loved our experience here, and I'll for sure be back.
5	We Stopped in for a beer tasting and a appetizer. The beer list was great, and the variety of beers that I choose were wonderful. The appetizer was good as well. It left us wanting more, and thats always a good sign. We also got the pleasure of meeting the chef/owner, extremely friendly and welcoming and so was his staff.  I will be back, cant wait to try the whole menu!!
5	Started off with a blackberry spinach salad- simple but it tasted great.  The sparkling wine pairing was excellent.  Next, crab on toast points - tasty; then a rabbit and black bean stew which I anticipated would be salty but it too was great.  The main course was the best part of the meal-penne, 4 cheese sauce, steak and crab.  The cheese sauce was to die for.  The flour-less chocolate cake was rich and the perfect end to the meal.  Not being a wine drinker, I am a poor judge but 3 of 5 of the pairings were very nice.
4	A Groupon deal brought me in to this place. Great food. Great service. Love the beer/wine tasting options. The only critique: the ambiance doesn't fit the fine-dining qualities that the menu reflects.
5	We usually go here after we leave The Painters Lounge next door.  We get there kinda late and they always give great service!  I've loved everything on the menu so far.  Pizza is delish!!!
2	Way overrated. Pizza was bad and had no tomato sauce despite assurances that it would. Nothing like artisan pizzas available in NYC.
4	What a pleasant suprise!  Although my husband and I drove by here and didn't want to go in, I talked him into it as I saw a segment on Check Please Arizona.  Cute little cafe which is hidden by the trees, you could miss it.  We sat outside after sitting inside because it was one of those beautiful AZ evenings.  We ordered a bottle do wine and dinner.  Our waiter, Josh was great.  My husband ordered the lamb chops with risotto...I had the mushroom appetizer.  The risotto was so delicious..made with Manchego cheese and chiorzo...what a combination!  My husband loved the lamb, generous portions too.  The sauce that came with the mushrooms was really good.  We will definitely will go back.  We forget how cool it is downtown in those little older areas!
2	So absolutely disappointed in this place!Had being going for the past few years and at the advent and addition of the pub, the service, and ambiance has been completely lost.Service has sucked the last few times, and getting a table despite calling ahead has not yielded results.As of late, it seems they should hire a professional cleaner for their shelving units.Completely argumentative owners and seriously burnt out staff!Rude at times, and food is rushed.We loved this place but will not be going back. You would think you would want to keep your regulars, but guess not
5	First time here this evening with a friend who moved into the building Centurion is located in.Loved everything about it. Greeted by the chef/owner when we walked in the door, nice  looking place, very charming and neighborhood feel.Had the brie in a puff pastry for an app, pizza and the risotto of the day, everything was excellent! Service was perfect.Will def be going back again soon.
5	We are regulars at Centurion, but last Friday night blew me away.  We brought three friends, so had a party of five.  Friday night was the roll out of the new spring menu, which features small plates or tapas.  We noticed that one area of the menu, "How to Be A Centurion," had three choices, one of which was "The Surrender", in which you "let out capable staff choose the entire meal and (wine) pairings for you."  We decided to go all in!What followed was an amazing culinary experience!  We had 15 small plates and various wines served in three waves of food.  The new menu is inspired and creative.  We had prawns, clams, lamb "lollipops", risottos, salads, filet, mussels (2 kinds), couscous, meatballs, bolognese and more.  Most of the items came with 4 pieces, but one in the party did not eat any seafood, so it worked out great - he loved everything else and we let him eat all of the filet.  We shared and tasted a variety of wines.  The meal was leisurely, leaving us lots of time for catching up.  Although stuffed by the end of the meal, we HAD to have dessert, so ordered two decadent ones - a salted caramel concoction and a velvety chocolate slab of heaven.  We all agreed the desserts were the best desserts ever and the meal was wonderful and just a lot of fun.  Every one of the 15 plates were prepared in an interesting and delicious manner. We never knew what to expect next but our expectations were met in an amazing manner.  Thanks Chef Eric for a great night.
5	I stopped into Centurion yesterday and was pleasantly surprised.....The new tapas menu is amazing!!! The quality of the food and the professional and modern presentation was exceptional. Everything I tried, and believe me, it was a lot of food) was fantastic! Try the little gravy meatballs, the mussels with red sauce and the prosciutto wrapped gnocchi.!!! Wow!!!  And let's not forget the lobster on a cauliflower couscous-like bed....a truly inspired dish!Also, the owner infuses his own concoctions of liquor and I had a chance to try his newly distilled Manhattan...wowza! All the drinks are craft-style and the wine list is quite amazing as well.Matt, the bartender could not have been nice and more informative. It truly was a pleasure dining there and will be coming back often!!!!
4	We sat in a corner booth at this small intimate place and enjoyed watching the food prepared in the open kitchen. I ordered the watermelon infused bourbon drink and it was delicious. This is some of the tastiest food I've ever had at a restaurant. Most restaurants can be a little on the bland side with their offerings. Centurion had foie gras tapas, foie gras is my favorite. This was a little different as it was stuffed inside butternut squash and wrapped with pancetta. I don't eat pork but I couldn't resist this dish. I unwrapped the pancetta from each piece. They paired my foie gras with a glass of chardonnay that went really well with it. Happy Hour price on that glass of wine so you can't beat that. (Happy Hour is after 9pm) We also had the crab and lobster salad which was without a doubt the best, most tastiest salad I've ever had in my life. My only complaint is that there wasn't more. we also had the lobster and cauliflower which was presented in such a beautiful way. Now I don't like mushrooms and my boyfriend ordered the stuffed mushrooms. I decided to try one and I couldn't stop eating them, they were tasty. That is my adjective for everything at Centurion; TASTY. Like I said my only complaint is that everything is tapas so you just get a small bite of amazing food. I wish it was all big heaping plates, that would make this a 5 star establishment, but I do like what they have going on here.
5	Amazing food!  Phenomenal dessert. Found this place when traveling for work.  It was so good we went back a second night to try the rest of the menu and get some more heavenly dessert.  So sad to live so far away!
5	Amazing Food & Service. The waiter was friendly, attentive and really helpful. The ambience is great. The concept is different but really nice. Totally recommend
3	My girlfriend and I have been coming here for a while now.  We both agree that the new addition takes away from the cozy ambiance the restaurant once had. For her birthday, we went for the tasting, and were 50/50 disappointed with what we got for the price.  The service was great but the food was cold and the chocolate was burnt for our dessert.  For almost a 200.00 meal this was not what we were expecting. We will return for dinner but would not recommend the tasting.
4	How did I not know this place existed before? Delicious tapas, reasonably priced. Pancetta wrapped gnocchi- big enough for a meal- $6 (or $8, I forget). Desserts so creative I only understood a few of the words. Service was wonderful. Only thing lacking was ambiance. I feel a bit like a skilled chef opened a restaurant without knowing what to do in the front of the house.
4	What a great concept!  Small plates with small drinks to pair with each one. Genius! My husband and I had an unexpected date night, and Groupon led us to Centurion.  We were seated promptly, but the host seemed to be entirely lacking in personality.  Thank goodness our waiter (and a lovely waitress that helped us decide on a dessert) made up for it! I quickly chose 5 different items for us to share, and was so disappointed when I found that they were out of the gnocchi.  I was quickly reassured that I would love the stuffed mushrooms as a replacement (despite the fact that I generally dislike mushrooms).  I went ahead with the waiter and owner/manager's suggestion, and they were right on!  Those mushrooms were fabulous!  MUST come back just for those!  In addition, we also ordered the mussels, a lovely blackberry salad, and a pasta dish.  All were tasty, but the mussels outshone the others.  We also ordered the brie en croute, and the host delivered a "well done" pastry to us.  When I inquired about how black the pastry was (the outer portions were totally burned), he said, "Is that going to be a problem?"  I thought it was strange that I actually had to tell him that no, I didn't want to eat burned pastry and had to ask directly for a new one.  Luckily, the second time was better.  The star of the show were the two desserts we ordered.  We had a fabulous salted caramel creation that I need to have again.  Delish!
5	This place was amazing , and the staff very knowledgeable and friendly.  We ordered the mushrooms, the pancetta wrapped gnocchi (EXCELLENT), and the crab and lobster pizza.  Loved everything ..pizza is superb when you add a little heat to it and/OR the leftover amazing cheese sauce from the gnocchi.  For dessert ?  A must try..puffed pastry stuffed with mascarpone and blackberries served with a side of chocolate sriracha soup (so good I wanted to take a bath in it!!) .Also highly recommended ..sleepy hollow old vine Pinot !
4	Great food and variety of plates/flavors! I like sampling a lot of dishes to share family-style, so I really enjoy this style of dining.Risotto of the day (mushroom & spinach):I think this was my first time having risotto, so I'm not sure how this compares to the standard. However, I really enjoyed this dish. The rice was creamy and soft, but not in a mushy way. There was fresh spinach, which added a slightly crunchy texture to the creamy risotto. There were also nice mushroom pieces. The salt and fresh cracked pepper on top added a dash of spice. Pancetta wrapped gnocchi:SO GOOD! Our server told us that this is a customer favorite, and I can see why. The pancetta was salty and savory, while the gnocchi was soft and light. The cheese sauce was absolutely delicious, and this is coming from someone who doesn't really eat/like cheese. There were 3 skewers, each with 3 pancetta wrapped gnocchi. Each skewer also had a triangle of focaccia bread, which was grilled to perfection and wonderful for mopping up that extra cheese sauce! I'm already dreaming about ordering another plate of this on my next visit.Papas bravas:Delicious! I love potatoes, and these were cooked well -- crispy and crunchy on the outside, while soft and tender on the inside. There was a spicy kick to these potatoes as well, as the potatoes seemed to have been seasoned with some kind of dry rub, not a wet sauce. I would definitely order this again!Lamb lollipops:Our waiter told us this lamb is from New Zealand! The meat was tender and juicy, but I didn't particularly enjoy the cheese that was on it. While the lamb was well-cooked, I probably wouldn't order this again just because I didn't like the seasoning.Meatball Marsala:Eh, this was one dish I didn't particularly enjoy. The meatballs themselves were fine. I just didn't enjoy the gravy sauce, which was somewhat reminiscent of school cafeteria food for me. Vegan palette cleanser:I highly recommend that you order this right away to cleanse your palette throughout the course of your meal. I initially thought these were unnecessary, so I glossed over them. However, my SO ordered it, and I realized how well these do cleanse your palette. I love trying a variety of dishes, so having this really helps me truly experience each dish for how it is supposed to taste, unbiased from earlier dishes, especially transitioning from drastically different plates. This consists of 8 blackberries wrapped in spinach leaves with white truffle oil and black pepper, which is a good amount.Israeli couscous salad:I didn't really like this for one reason: the greasy feeling. While this was very refreshing with very clean flavors, the couscous felt so oily, and it left a greasy feeling in my mouth. I preferred the risotto over this.Service:We had 2 waiters (not sure why) but both were friendly and gave a brief description of each dish as it arrived. They checked up on us frequently and asked to make sure everything was going smoothly.
5	Excellent! The food is always consistent, full of flavor and creative.  Very fair price point.
4	Dear Centurion,Thank you for introducing me to bacon wrapped gnocchi with the most delectable cream sauce and very meaty and flavorful meatballs in an awesome and rich gravy. Although my house bourbon beverages were not not prepared in a heavy handed manner like I normally like and too much cherry juice was placed into one of my two drinks, the amazing food made up for those issues. The next time that I visit you, I will explore your wines on Happy Hour and more of your culinary pleasing tapas.BTW, the A.C. was blasting and the temperature outside was only in the mid-eighties, so maybe being a little more aware of the temperature outside is something to look into  and possibly expanding your beer on tap selection, because that is very limited.Love,The East Coast Foodie
4	After seeing the 'Check Please' episode, finally Centurion was open on a night that met our schedules.  Greeted at the door with a friendly smile, we were immediately seated at a white clothed table and attended to by Cole, a refreshingly skilled waiter.   Yes, the restaurant was 'clean'.  (if you saw the Check Please episode, you get it.)  With the tapas menu, there is so much to choose from it is difficult to whittle down the choice.  Although the wife already ate dinner, it didn't stop me from ordering the stuffed mushrooms, pancetta wrapped gnocchi and of course, if there is pizza on the menu and a wood burning oven, margherita pizza for comparison sake.  Margherita pizza has become my benchmark pizza because it is difficult to mess up with such basic ingredients -- 00 flour, water, yeast,  tomato, mozzarella , basil and a touch of olive oil.   As a waiter, Cole is on top of his game.  Probably the best service we had in a very long time from any restaurant.  Quick with drinks, recommendation, suggested order of dishes -- he was in command.   When the dishes arrived, I knew my wife would be stealing samples.  Amazing!  Delicious! The other critiques have nailed it and I cannot add anymore to which they have wrote, other than go there and you won't be disappointed in the tapas. At this point, I knew we would be back to explore the rest of the tapas dishes. As for the Margherita pizza, I recommend calling the restaurant call its Margherita pizza something else other than a Margherita pizza.  With the name Margherita Pizza,  there are established expectations (ingredients/product from a wood burning overn) as I previously wrote.   I took a bite of the flaccid, what appeared to be an undercook crust.  Sure the edges had hints of a browning crust but the crust was pale white, soft, malleable with no hints of browning/toasting which traditionally results through the use of a wood oven.  Sensing the displeasure, Cole sought to correct the pie by offering a different pizza.  I asked just to stick it the over some more.  The chef's explanation was that this particular Margherita pizza has too much moisture so it will never be crispy.   I did note the topping had a post oven addition of balsamic vinegar circle and some greens on the top; it did appear to have a lot of cheese but didn't appear to be buffalo mozzarella which could be very moist; and some tomato slices.   To their credit, she did offer take the pizza off our bill.   To my fault, I should have paid closer attention to the menu's detail ingredients of the Margherita Pizza -- which is why, I recommend they name this particular pizza something else.   Did I mention, I am a pizza snob? I do make my own homemade and love the simplicity of the certified neapolitan pizza -- why change perfection?The wine, drinks, tapas and excellent service is what we will be returning for.   I will explore the other pizzas but will seek Cole's and the chef's recommendation first. I'm  positive they have a pizza for my snobby stomach's heart.
5	The "Aztec" is all I have to say! Intimate ambience and great service (Thanks Cole). Located in an up and coming neighborhood so you can head to a bar or show after your meal. We will be back.
5	One of the best hidden spots in the city.  Look for the Centurion soldier outside and you've arrived.  One side is the bar with a large screen tv and a well stocked bar.  You can have dinner there or move to the small, intimate dining room.  We prefer the dining room since you can watch the chef prepare your food. Best food ever!  Over a dozen different tapas plates priced under $10 dinners. The pictures dont lie.  It's good, really good. Our favs are the brie, lamb lollipops and foie gras.  Of course, we have never had anything bad here.  Tonight we had the mussels and lobster with cauliflower.  Both perfect!Top notch service complimented with top notch food. We love Centurion!
4	I have been to this place a few times -- must be good cuz I have gone back.  I really like the atmosphere and the tapas are excellent; my favorites being the blackberry spinach salad, lamb lollipops and roasted veggies --  yum.  I shared these with the bf and although we were not stuffed, it left room for dessert which was excellent btw.  The service was good as well and I like the location too.  Parking was not a problem either.  Definitely a nice little downtown gem I would recommend.
1	Not a great experience despite the reviews. First off, very understaffed. Took the server forever to greet us, take our order EtcHey, things happen..he was the only one in and tried his hardest and apologized. They messed up one of our orders, did not apologize for being late on our gnocchi. The Aztec dessert which is apparently award winning was a burnt pastry with no more than a dime's size  "sauce" When we finally got the check (which took quite a while) they short changed me by 20 dollars. Ordering a pizza, a few tapas and an awful dessert took almost 2.5 hours. We will absolutely not be back if operations run like this as this was managements fault and not entirely the staff.
5	This place was amazing. The server, Cole, took extremely good care of us and arranged how the food came out of the kitchen so we had a great time. The food was simply delicious. It's a tapas style restaurant, but there are dishes you can order as a full plate if you don't like family style sharing. They have a fabulous drink menu with wines, whiskey, scotch, and craft beers. I had the Hefeweizen, which was delicious. We had lamb, meatballs, lobster, risotto, and much more. I love the small plates because we got to try so many things. The next time we go I think we'll try the pizza, they have a genuine brick wood fired oven. The food is some of the best, and you can't beat the price for the quality you get here. Also, their happy hour has some really smoking deals. Half off of some things and drink specials. A great place, great atmosphere, courteous and helpful staff, and above all amazing food. We will for sure be back.
5	Great food and cool people. Prosciutto wrapped around stuffed mushrooms with a creamy cheese sauce, Scotch, white wine, meatballs, steak pizza, and much much more. Tapas is such foodaholic brilliance. You get to try sooooo much food!
1	I really wanted to like this place, but they've let me down too many times. We live right down the street and were excited for a close  seemingly cool restaurant. The food is good and they have a good reverse happy hour...when it's actually available. The past 5 times we have gone on the weekend, they have either been closed or turned us away because they are completely out of food by 9pm ( when the advertised reverse happy hour starts). The excuse is always " we are out of food because we make everything from scratch and our food is fresh"... From my understanding,  most good successful restaurants do that, I don't think that's a very good excuse to always be out of food, especially if you're business is serving food. I don't know how they are still in business but I'm definitely not going back because it's a waste of my time to go there just to be turned away because they aren't serving food. Supply and demand.
4	Excellent Portuguese mussels - nice and spicy.  The stuffed Brie was warm and flakey.  And the shiitake mushrooms wrapped in prosciutto was delish.  And the staff was very friendly.  I highly recommend this place.
4	We needed coffee beans and headed down to Lola's.  We noticed Centurion and decided to try it. We got to sit at the "Chef's Table" which is just the table next to the postage stamp sized kitchen.  Chef Eric was fun to watch and talk to while he worked his magic.  Cole was knowledgeable about the menu and wine.  While he wasn't quite as sophisticated as the menu he made up for it with his engaging and eager to please attitude.  The rest of the staff were all smiling and focused on making our experience a great one.We had 5 of the tapas - the Risotto of the Day, Papas Bravas, Pancetta Wrapped Gnocchi, Chef Eric's Bolognese.  And for dessert we had the flourless chocolate tort - I mean the decedent chocolate creation that I will crave for a long time or until we need coffee beans again.This is a must try restaurant!
5	Excellent  food; full of flavor. Everything on the menu is great. Service  is great. Great place for any occasion.
4	This review is for the tapas- I came here on Saturday around 3:30 pm.  There were only 1 or 2 other tables and we were able to get a table on the patio, which was nice since it was a beautiful day out.I ordered the Hamburg mussels and the pancetta wrapped gnocchi (based on the other yelp reviews).  I loved the mussels!  They came in a cream sauce and were cooked very nicely.  my friends were laughing at me because the presentation was a little funny in that I had to fish my food out of a bucket.  I think they could've put a little less cream sauce in the "bucket" to make fishing the mussels out easier.the gnocchi were less impressive to me.  they were a little tougher than I expected.  I usually love gnocchi because they are soft and doughy.  it was also served with big chunks of bread, which ended up being way too much bread. I probably wouldn't order this one again.I also tried some of my friend's roasted vegetables -- delicious!  they were cooked just right so that they still had a slight crunch, but weren't too raw.  the seasoning was basic and allowed the flavor of the veggies to shine through.overall, I love the tapas concept!  trying lots of different inventive foods at a reasonable price is awesome in my book.oh and the service was friendly, attentive, and prompt. no complaints in that dept!
5	I'm from Philly- a City with amazing food... And this place exceeds everything I have ever experienced.... nationally AND internationally. Service was amazing! And the executive chef was exquisite! He is passionate about the menu... And it shows! Everyone should have this experience! Wine selection was perfect! Decor was authentic!
5	THE WEEKDAY $15. THREE COURSE LUNCH SPECIAL (w/beverage) IS PHENOMENAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is a small restaurant with a small patio that's covered with leaves from an old tree. There isn't a parking lot here so you have to park on the street. All the food we had was very detailed and delicious with some surprising ingredients. The food was presented like an artist painted it. They started us out with a complimentary appetizer of crispy leeks with cranberries. The Leeks were tastier than potato chips and the cranberries seemed marinated. They were a fun snack.For my first course I picked the Paprika Parmesan Hummus. It was very unusual but also very good. It came with fresh grilled and seasoned pita bread and many perfectly placed vegetables including Shiitake Mushroom Caps. For me the favors of the hummus popped the most on the slightly softened carrots.It was hard to decide on the main course because two of the three were calling me but I went with the Ahi Tuna Salad. It came out in a heavy kettle but revealed a very delicate salad inside. The salad had capers that were crisped and opened up into flowers. The Tuna was very fresh. Tiny pieces of goat cheese pulled it together and the Orange Segments were very refreshing. This was a very above average salad and a lovely fresh picked pansy just topped it off.My husband had the other dish that seemed very interesting to me. It was Marsala Braised Beef with Pumpkin, White Truffle Smoked Egg, and Crispy Leeks. It also was interesting as it was delicious.We both picked the cheese plate for our dessert course. We received a chunk of good quality cheese with mustard and raspberry sauce, house made bread, crushed pepper and smoked salt.The portions were just right.Not too much and not too little.The beverage was included beer and wine were an option.The $15. Lunch Special made the meal seem like a special occasion.It just doesn't get any better than this!
4	MUCH better.  I'd avoided Centurion for awhile after a couple of visits in which I was burned by the fact that they didn't carry menu items during normal business hours.  Tonight, no such problem.I actually took a friend here after seeing that they'd revamped their menu with a tilt towards tapas.  It used to be they would carry full sized pizzas and a select number of elaborate (and expensive) dinners.  Now the pizzas, the salads, veggie dishes, and pretty much everything else is done tapas style.  This worked out perfectly for us as we were able to split 6 dishes (and drinks) for about $50 including tip.  We shared the chefs risotto (tonight it was a black pepper and cheese), the chef's boulianese with andouille sausage, a small pizza (with sausage, cheddar & grape jelly), and of course the pancetta wrapped gnocchi.  We also got some free seasoned leeks to start and shared a cheese puff pastry with a chocolate mole sauce for dessert.  All of the dishes oozed creativity and the gnocchi and risotto dishes were to die for.  Chef Eric made the right move going the tapas route as it gives his customers a great chance to sample a larger array of his creative dishes.  Some of them might be a little exotic for most, but all of them have a kaleidoscope of flavors both big and small.So I'm happy to say I can once again recommend Centurion as a Downtown Phoenix destination.  Chef Eric is a tremendous talent who seemingly has no fear of trying new flavor combinations no one else would think of.  Some creations are better than others, but with a cheaper tapas style menu now available, his creativity is now easily accessible for the masses.
2	Really liked this place. Great happy hour, great service, until tonight. Upon being seated at the bar we were told that we couldn't be served food for forty five minutes due to two large parties. I'm sorry, but there are only about eight tables in the whole place. Never in my life have I been seated in a place only to be told basically "were too busy to accept your business". Well you won't have the chance to embarrass my wife and I again.
5	Spanish Tapas style food in a cozy place along Roosevelt.  Good selection, some items are just OK, but then there are a few that are amazing, such as the pancetta wrapped gnocchi.  Even the "OK" ones are still quite good though.  Their beer and wine lists are also very good, if a bit limited.  They do have some excellent choices though.  It does end up being a bit pricy, but its tapas and that's generally what you should expect.
2	We were disappointed.I love tapas, but what the Centurion offers are not really what tapas are meant to be.  The items that arrived were ok.  None of them except the Gnocchi were great.  And you shouldn't all have to stick a spoon into the same tiny bowl of "stuff".  Should be small individual bites, easy to share, etc.  Most of these items were difficult to split and share.  The descriptions on the menu were wonderful.  But what arrived made me think of the Emperor's New Clothes.  They fell way short.  Not a do-over for us because of the food.  Our waiter Cole was excellent - totally excited about everything he brought, was very attentive and friendly.  Atmosphere was also pleasant.  But you go for the food, and this wasn't good.
5	Great service. Great food. Check out local dines for discounts. Will be back maybe for brunch on Sunday. Lots of potential!!!
4	Met a friend here for tasty tapas!  Service was prompt and courteous. My faves were the Baked Brie puffed pastry-light crust with just enough sweetness with the raspberry sauce;  the  White Truffle Pizza was perfect-great flavor and crust; and the Beef and Pumpkin was tender and tasty. Wish the portions were a bit larger. Ordered enough items to share and not be stuffed. I hope that add a good Moscato to their wine list!
2	Loved the atmosphere and they had a great selection of draft beers. But the food was just okay.
