5	I've used them twice to remove couches from an apartment and a house. One couch was enormous and had to come down a flight of stairs. They were in and out without a hassle, and didn't damage anything on the way out. Both crews I had were very friendly and priced me at whatever I was quoted on the phone.Side note: I forgot to have cash handy when the second crew came by, so I couldn't tip them. I was apologetic, but the guys were gracious and laughed it off. Sorry about that, but maybe a nice Yelp review sort of makes up for it? Of course, I can't remember their names, sooo... yeah.
2	I was able to make an appointment for a 2-hour time slot the next day and received a reminder email that I would be called 30-15 min before my appointment to confirm the time.  No way to get an estimate or price beforehand.  Didn't receive the reminder call, so I called 30 min later and they checked and said they'd be there in 30 min.  They arrived and were polite but the price was too high.  I had a washing machine, 10 boxes of ceramic tile and one garbage bag and they first quoted $161.  They offered a $25 off coupon and that was still too high.  Then they wanted to know if I would do it for their lowest price of $125.  They said they usually charge $125 for a washer removal.  Although they were polite, their appointment execution wasn't that great and I thought the pricing was way too expensive.
5	I just had a really positive experience with 1-800 got junk.Called today around noon and was able to schedule an appointment for later that day.  They arrived exactly when they said they would, they quoted me a price that I thought was reasonable, they hauled my junk away, and the transaction was all done in about 20 minutes. I couldn't ask for more. Great service, great experience.
5	I was very pleased with the service.  I had several large, very heavy appliances in my basement that I was unable to move, and the only way to get them out was through a tight stairway with a 90 degree bend in it.  The guys were able to get everything up and out, in a timely and professional manner.  They were very courteous, professional, and I was pleased with the amount that I paid for the service -- I actually expected to pay more.I definitely recommend this.
