4	It's a donut shop.  They have other stuff, too.  But basically it's a donut shop.  Brand new location.  I do my best not to eat donuts because they are soooo not good for me.  But if I'm going to have a donut, Bosa is the one.I've not tried the boba drinks nor their "sandwiches".  My wife likes them.  I can't help but think of the scene from "Seeking a Friend for the End of the World" where they have a burger with a donut bun.  :-)  But, no, they don't use donuts as buns here, so fret not!  All I can say is they do have my wife's seal of approval.Anyway...donuts, coffee and tea, boba drinks, and breakfast and lunch sandwiches.  This is what they do.  Their donuts are probably the best in town, or at least the best I've found so far.  You pay a bit more than grocery store donuts, but it's not that much more and these are MUCH better.
4	They just opened at this location. Nice, convenient (for me) location. The place was well lit, inviting with cheerful staff. Plenty of options to choose from and kids loved it. I did find them a little pricey as compared to others. Wish they were a little less pricey. Update: Took some pics this time. Take a look :).
5	So happy to have my favorite donut shop open this location closer to me! Unfortunately, this location does not a have a drive- through. The donuts are a nice large size, but they are so good it's too hard to stop at just 1 (or 3).Look for the coupons in the mail!
3	Donuts were really good and fresh. We went there around 9:30 and it was still busy. Fully stocked. There were like 5 people in the back still making donuts. A busy donut shop is a good donut shop b/c they are crankin out fresh donuts. Why only 3 stars? I got a dozen and for my last donut I asked for a few donut hole holes and she wouldn't do it. She said if you want holes you have to buy a dozen separately!! I mean, usually donut shops thrown in a few for free! Am I wrong here? A dozen was already way too many for us so I wasn't going but another 12 holes then I had to explain to my 4 year old we didn't get any holes. Donuts were Really good though.
4	It's true what the trophies they have say.  These are the best Donuts in Arizona.  This rating is purely on donuts and nothing else.  The coffee in my opinion is horrible, which is hard to believe for a donut shop.   If they had decent coffee then I'd give them 5 stars easily.  We live in south Chandler but it's totally worth the drive.   I've yet to have a bad donut yet.
2	Counting error once, shame on you. Twice, shame on me. Great donuts, I mean fantastic but for the price should be a bakers dozen but certainly 11 two days in a row is crazy. You've got the donuts down now just work on the counting.
3	My kids went in to get some boba drinks.  We get boba drinks from the Gilbert & Williams Field Bosa and their drinks there are all right.My kids said the service was good, so I will give them 4 stars because they seemed to have taken quite some time to make 3 boba drinks.  It does not take the other Bosa that much time. That's why a 4 star instead of 5 star.As for the Boba drinks, they were not very good and I give them a 1 star for this.  The boba was really gross.  I'm guessing they let the boba sit too long and they were just yucky.  That detracted from the drink a lot.I asked my kids if it was an Asian making the boba drinks and they said it wasn't.  I'm not saying that only Asians know how to make boba, but in this case, the only good boba drinks I've had were made by Asians.  The Bosa at the downtown Chandler and the other Gilbert locations have Asians making the boba drinks and they turn out correct.If you let the boba sit too long, it's no good.  But, I'm guessing Boba is not their specialty and donuts.  We didn't want any donuts.
