4	This is NOT your neighborhood Olive Garden in the heart of the Ahwatukee Foothills...this is Italian cooking at its best. The ambiance is fit for that "I-must-impress-her" first date or that "darn-I-forgot-our anniversary-again" make-up and make-out dinner. The ambiance is cozy and classy (white linens, and no red check table cloths) the staff are attentive and knowledgeable about the food...now that's important, especially if you don't understand Italian.They serve lunch, and I've had their smoked chicken fettucine pasta, which is one of their lunch specials ($9-10?). The sauce was excellent--creamy, but not heavy, and punctuated with the saltiness of pancetta, if I'm not mistaken. The chicken was cooked (maybe grilled) just right, a bit on the smoky side to add another texture to the overall flavor. Now if you are on that date--whether it be with your spouse, significant other, or whomever--you HAVE to start your dinner with some cocktails and appetizers at the bar, where they have Happy Hour from 4-7 p.m. Tues-Saturdays. The appetizers (calamari, baby!) are half-off, plus drink specials. Bellissimo! I'm telling you...
5	Oh how I love great Italian...let me count the ways. Great pasta, super satisfying calamari, nice selection of California wines and imports (by the glass). The ambiance is refined, relaxed and modern. I simply cannot wait to return here - especially after the no smoking law goes into effect at the bar. Friendly staff, great service, delicious food. In the 'burbs and worth it.
4	let me preface my star rating by saying i did not eat here - only a mid workday early hh break.apparently it's the bee's knees for italian food. and it also happens to have quite a reputation for being a bit of cougar bar and the place for the 40+ single set to be seen and take home that recent divorcee and test drive his new maserati/her new boob job.that being said, i had no desire to try this spot out. however, i was invited here for a HH drink.when we first showed up, it was about 330, and they didn't technically open til 4, but the bartendar said it was no prob and his smile told me that was sincere. the bar takes up an entire room, a four-sided job and extra tables for more seating. an hour and a half later and this place was buzzing with the right-at-5 HH crowd and cougars were on the prowl indeed - along with business professionals you would expect in TukeTown. Not sure on the prices of the drinks because i was being treated, but i would imagine they were on the heftier side, given the ambiance and style of the joint. all in all it was a better experience than i was anticipating - the crowd was certainly not my style but i didn't really feel out of place. i'll have to go back for eats and see if it's as fabulous and everyone says!
5	First, there are not that many Maserati's!!!  A visit to Va Bene is not complete unless you start at the bar.  Matt knows how to tend bar and take care of his regular customers.  The scallops are no longer a part of the 1/2 price appetizers during happy hour.....be a big boy, buck up and buy them anyway, worth every last penny. If you find your way in after happy hour - expect to find dancing and large crowds in the bar.  This is the place for adults to see and be seen in The Tuke!On the restaurant side, dinners are terrific and the Chef's Specials should always be considered.  Great service and friendly staff.Va Bene is a gem in the area.  Great food, staff and reasonable prices.  A great place for dinner - just watch out for the cougars!
5	I have a special place in my heart for this restaurant, as it was the site of my boyfriend and mine's 2nd date :)However, their food is SOOOOO good.  And I don't think its because I'm biased.I always end up getting their gnocchi with vodka sauce, because it is just that good.
4	I'm in Phoenix on business and visited this place after my boss raved about it...I sat at the bar which is very spacious; a long triangle of black marble, ringed by a number of small tables and booths. Nice decor, dark and relaxing atmosphere. I ordered some bruchetta and ordered the rigatoni bolognese while watching some ESPN. The place looks pretty upscale.. Fast service, good food, nice digs. $24 for the appetizer, meal and 2 Heinees. Not bad. I'll be back next time I'm in town...Oh yeah, my boss asked me to look out for this beauty named 'Shannon' at the bar...no luck.
5	The hubski and I visited Va Bene after reading some glowing reviews.I love this place because its a haven for cougars as well as $10,000 millionaires. Lets face it, sometimes its fun to be a $10,000 millionaire.We have been back many times, and every time are greeted by Sasha, the manager, and by our favorite waiters. Maybe this is because of the impression ( and 10 business cards) the hubski leaves everywhere he goes, or maybe everyone gets this treatment, but Va Bene is kind of like our Cheers now.The place has great decor and magnificent food, but you can eat for as little as $11 or as much as $35 per plate. The tiramisu is out of this world, as is the tartufo. What, you may ask, is a tartufo? Picture this and be prepared to salivate (maybe have a tissue on hand). A tartufo is a scoop of sorbet, chocolate or raspberry, dipped in chocolate (dark, I think), re-frozen, sliced on a bed of fresh whipped cream, and drizzled with chocolate or raspberry syrup. Unbelievable.I have ordered something different every time I go, and I never cease to be delighted. The first time was the most special though- the fish of the day. It was halibut on top of sauteed spinach and feta mashed potatoes. That's right. Feta. Indulgent.Nice bar, great wine list. We'll be back soon.
1	Not impressed at all.  It's expensive & just don't think the quality is there.
3	I met some girlfriends for Happy Hour on a Monday, which must be the least popular day for happy hour, as the place was completely empty. Appetizers were delish - prosciutto wrapped prawns, bruschetta and eggplant drenched in cheese and marinara sauce. The wine list was pricey and not that impressive of a selection. They don't have a cocktail menu, but have some specialty drinks that the bartender will tell you about if you ask. The ambiance was just ok for the prices. The bartender was really funny and full of great suggestions.  This is NOT a place I would take my preschooler - the restaurant would not mind, but there's no kid food on the menu and there is nothing entertaining about the ambiance.Apparently, this place is a wild dance club in disguise! The place turns into a dance floor on Friday and Saturday nights where the 70's, 80's and 90's music is pumpin. If you want to shake your thing in Ahwatukee, this seems to be the place. (I may just try it out and report back.)
1	Service - not good.  Food - even worse.  Ambiance for 3 girls celebrating a birthday on a Friday night - yuck.  Long story short - not recommended.*side note: This review is based on a happy hour experience.  Maybe, just maybe, dining on the other side of the restaurant would have resulted in a better review.
4	k...  Here is the deal.  I would give this place a 5 if I had never had east coast italian.  Fot italian food anywhere I think this is a great place though. Really cool decor. Loved the bar. Our bartender Frank was a really cool guy.  The fact that this place is a cougar heaven makes it extra cool (Cougars need lovin too!)I think the best italian I have had in phoenix.  Had a spinach salad and bruschetta which was SO good.  Bruschetta was one of the best I have had anywhere.Had a Sausage and peppers in a red Cream Sauce.  Very very tasty.  Food was way better than I thought it would be.  Just might go for happy hour today because I am cravin the itailian and the cougar atmosphere is a good one.
4	Va Bene was the second dinner my fiancee and I had in Phoenix.  First was a Mexican food chain where the waiter greeted us with a free dessert sampler after spending countless minutes describing our new home (while dealing with 4-5 other tables, too), so we weren't expecting much.  On the contrary, we were extremely pleased by what we found.Our bartender, Randy, remembered us on our second visit which was over a month after our first.  Now, we go as often as I'm home and enjoy a solid happy hour filled with cheap well drinks, beers, house wines, and half-price apps.  After a few drinks and an appetizer or two, we're always ready cross the street to our apartment and "cook."  Va Bene features live music at least once per week and is loaded with cougars, so bring your magnums if you're in the mood to hunt...  Great atmosphere, great service, and high-quality Italian food are enough for me any day.
3	Va Bene.. ahhh.. well I used to live close to here.. so if we wanted to go have wines, apps or a late dinner.. AND watch the 40+ crowd get their groove on.. this is where we would go.. bc I could walk and have some entertainment... Hey man.. sometimes it doesnt take much! I do like the bar...its nice with alot of good wines on the list... The bartenders have always been super sweet.. NOT loving much on the menu.. but I travel alot and will say my fav Italian is in the east coast.. (if not Italy itself:-) ) .. But to counter the effects of a bit of wine.. Id recommend the bruschetta... patio..? Well it faces a parking lot.. but again.. some good stuff to watch going down out there.. like I said, cheap entertainment.. Ive more of a choice now that Ive moved:-)
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place, just GO! Service is excellent, food is ALWAYS top notch. I've had nearly everything on the menu. I'm very picky with my food and all the dishes rates 'above average' up to 'stellar'! Seafood soup is very good and the mushroom soup is one of the best I've ever had, period. The Insalata con Rucola  comes with the raspberry vinaigrette but I recommend the champagne dressing on any salad as it is amazing. My favorite "normal" dish is the Pollo alla Genovese.Go and enjoy!
4	I often go to Va Bene for happy hour, they have one of the best happy hours in town! First off, happy hour is until 7:00, which is a huge plus. AND, Happy Hour is EVERY DAY starting at 4, and ALL DAY on Sunday and Monday.As far as drinks go, in addition to beer and wine, they have a huge variety of marvelous martini's featuring Grey Goose and Skyy specials. The Blueberry Lemon Drop Martini was our favorite. In the past, I have also enjoyed the Espresso Martini. The appetizers are amazing, and all but the scallops are half price. And even full price, the scallops are worth every penny; huge scallops, perfectly cooked and served with a heaping side salad of field greens and tomatoes, perfectly dressed with a light vinaigrette. I sometimes get this for my meal. The Bruschetta is good if you're not afraid of garlic and the Antipasto Misto is a great dish to share. The Calamari Fritti is tasty, which is also served with a small side salad. (Yes, I eat the garnish.  What? It's good!!) Other favorites include the Gamberoni con Prosciutto (proscuitto wrapped shrimp) and the Carpaccio, both big winners! The complimentary bread is soft and served with delicious roasted red pepper butter, very yummy! The staff is always sure to keep the breadbasket and water glasses full at all times. By the time we are finished, we are all pleasantly stuffed, slightly buzzed, and 100% happy!
4	From the outside Va Bene looks like an every day Italian Restaurant. But once you go in it is fancy smancy! I have been to Va Bene a few times for different occasions and I continue to return for the Calamari alone! The absolute best Calamari I have found, and trust me I try the Calamari every where! Their food is good, I have also ordered the Fruiti Del Mar, which was a really great dish. My friend a year later still talks about the best steak he has ever had. I think Va Bene knows what they are doing and should continue to make its customers happy if they stick to their recipe for a great restaurant!
5	From our entire family to your team - we want to say a heartfelt thank you for the kindness, hospitality, and generosity you showed us in our time of need. After my mothers passing, we chose Va Bene for a memorial dinner, and you handled it professionally, respectably, and delicately for us during a very emotional time. The food was unbelievable, the choice of wine (which we left up to you) was perfect, and the atmosphere was both warm and comforting. Thank you again for everything.
5	Nice restaurant and food was awesome. I highly recommend the gnocchi.
5	Just had lunch here, ridiculously well priced for the quality of food and service. The ambience is very nice and classy but do not be intimidated, for lunch everyone was casually dressed, jeans and even shorts.  Bread with awesome sun dried tomato basil butter is complimentary.  The appetizers looked phenomenal, with mostly seafood options, we couldn't decide what to order as a group so we unfortunately didn't try any =( I had the Penne con Brocolli, the garlic butter sauce was the best I've had, I mopped the rest of it off the plate with the fresh bread they kept refilling our baskets with. yummmmmmmmmmmm.
4	Amazing atmosphere.  Terrific service and drinks.  The food is good but not out of this world, thats the only reason its not a 5 star.  Great place to take somebody you want to impress.
4	I guess this part of town is becoming little Italy as this is just one of 6 or so Italian options in the area.This is a locally owned non chain. As of late their bar at happy hour seems to be the place to be.I have gone here for both lunch and dates. For lunch the place is strangely empty and it can be a bit awkward, but decent.For dates it is great, the dining room has a classy quiet atmosphere. The bread with the sun dried tomato butter is great. If you hear about a special that sounds good ask the price as I was surprised by my $32 mahi mahi special on one trip. It was good however.I typically opt for the ganocci al la vodka sans chicken. The al la vodka sauce is bright and has a luxurious mouth feel. The Gnocci have a great texture, with a nice chewy firmness that one expects in them.The parking lot can get a bit crowed, so you may need to park closer to  Kohles.
5	Great service, great food & fabulous complimentary tiramisu for your birthday. We had 5 different dishes Salmone Va Bene ,lemon chicken, pasta w/ chicken, pasta w/ seafood, pasta w/ veggies, and everyone was happy. A nice quiet patio if you want to avoid the loud bar, but don't want the formal dining area.My stand-by favorite Italian restaurant for years!
4	Inventive twists on traditional Italian fare. Nothing too dramatic, but everything tastes very good and the atmosphere and service are very enjoyable as well. Full bar, lots of happy hour specials and live music/dancing on the weekends. Fun place!
5	Never disappoints!
4	Had the duck ravioli with mushrooms. It was a bit heavy but I couldn't put my fork down. I tried to leave at least one on my plate, but it was tough. I've been happy every time I have eaten here.
5	I really wish Va Bene was closer.  The happy hour is amazing (try the eggplant dish!) with great specials on food and drinks.  I've had the vodka sauce pasta, and that was pretty tasty, but mainly I stick to the appetizers and drink specials.  Luckily, they have happy hour 5 days a week!  The crowd is a bit older and they have karaoke after happy hour.  If you're a 40something on the prowl, watch out!  Otherwise, come earlier, or sit in the dining room to avoid the cougars.
5	You cannot beat the food at this place.  You will not find better Italian food anywhere in Ahwatukee and the happy hour is awesome.   The atmosphere is great and the potato gnocchi is the best I have ever had.  This place is 5 stars all day.
4	For being an Italian restaurant, they sure do have amazing steak! Every time I come here I order the bacon wrapped filet mignon, it is one of the best steaks I've ever had! Our waiters have always been fantastic, and even though they don't always offer that specific dish, they will usually make it for me anyways. I love that it's quiet and romantic, and it can be casual or formal. Great bar area as well, we really love this place.
4	All of the food ordered at my table was very tasty.  Overall, a very reliable hardy Italian food place.
4	3.5 stars.  Very nice "upper-crust" Italian place.  Pastas were typically $12-15 and Special entrees were typically $15-$30.  I visited on a Thursday night, no waiting, and few people there.  Very nice, comfy decor with red velvet drapes, dim lighting, white table-cloths, and picasso-like paintings all around.  Service was ok...the water-boy was good, but the waiter sporadically came by my table...always a bit late, and two waiters actually waited on me.  The menu had too much cream and pink sauce for me.   No whole wheat pastas.  One waiter actually helped me design my own meal which was nice.  I asked for a small side of arrabbiata  sauce expecting a hot red sauce, but made a cheesy, creamy mushroom sauce for me instead.  The complimentary bread was a bit stale and came with a cheesy stiff buttery kinda sauce...I had to ask for olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  They have a dining room and a separate lounge with a live jazzy band.  I think there's a private conference room too.
5	Love this place! Great prices for italian cuisine.on to of that $5 Absolut vodka anyway you like it and life music on the weekends after 9.great for a date our just hanging with friends
5	Spaghetti with marinara sauce is very good!
2	My visit to Va Bene was a tale of two meals. Since a salad doesn't come with your entree, I ordered a caesar salad, big mistake! The salad was awful. The salad was small and the dressing tasted almost like mayo. I had my wife take a bite to make sure I wasn't wrong in my assessment. When the server asked how the salad was, I honestly told her the salad wasn't good. The look on her face was priceless. I sucked it up and ate my salad. I hate to see $9 go down the drain.My meal was better. I had the Rigatoni, sausage, peppers in a cream sauce.  I liked the dish quite a bit, but I was still a little scorned from the salad fiasco. Entree 4 starsSalad 0  starsThe service was decent. The inside was nice and had a nice atmosphere. I can see why people like this place.  To me, this place is more flash.I don't plan to head back to this place. If you do go, I'd avoid the salad. I think other Italian places in the area give you better food at the same/cheaper rate and overall provide better value for your dollar.Just my 2 cents.
4	Me and a girl friend hit up this place on a Saturday night after going to another local hang out (which I must say was bunk after going here!) I had never been but, my friend had and so glad she recommended it. The atmosphere is very nice, a little more on the classy side, but the band playing that night, had the "classy" people gettin jiggy wit it! We sat at the bar, and I was a little mesmerized by the many different types of Vodka they had on display... yes, they had my favorite kind of alcohol. We had a pineapple cosmotini? I think that is what he said. All I know is, it was perfect! The band played various types of R&B soul music, and the female singer even belted out a few songs en espanol! And I must say, she definitely had an amazing voice! She got all the ladies on the dance floor!Quick note on the decor, the lighting was dimmed, there was long floor-to-ceiling draperies, tones of cranberry red and champagne brown. I would definitely recommend for someone looking to take their special someone.  The seating was ample for the size of the place. The outside lounging area was also set up nice. Being from Cali, it is hard to compare places out here versus Cali. But, this one was definitely a more diverse place than the last joint we stopped at, and that is A-OK in my book!I cannot comment on the food, as our experience was more for the bar scene, but we will definitely be back again!
5	I have been going to Va Bene for about five years now and still love it. It is one of the few classy places to go dancing to live music on Friday and Saturday nights. The manager and staff understand customer service perfectly. The seasoned butter and bread they bring to your table is fresh and savory. The pastas are always delicious. We have never a special that we didn't like- but the ravioli special is always our favorite. I must say they have the BEST escargot I have ever had. It is in a delightful pastry and goes so well with a red Tuscan wine. If you have any questions about wine, all of the servers are excellent at recommendations. The only complaint is that the smokers need to move away from the door. First rate!
4	Visited Va Bene during a Sunday all day happy hour.  Prices are great, lots of drink and food specials. Grey Goose Martini's - $6Well's - $3Nice House Wine Options, I believe $4 or $5Bartender was very pleasant and attentive, recommended a pizza dish that was not even on the menu and it was absolutely fabulous for $12 and fed both of us with 2 extra slices leftover.  Minus a few exceptions, all appetizers were half off and there was quite a selection to choose from, antipasto platters, bruschetta, clams, etc.Highly recommend this place for a happy hour trip.
5	I always say "No one does Northern Italian cuisine well in Arizona!", but I am absolutely wrong!  Va Bene is the epitome of fine, affordable, Northern Italian cuisine!  In fact, I order one of the specials every time I go and they are simply as good as it gets.  I tip my hat off to their chef -- I will never say you can't find good Italian food in the Phoenix area, again.  I look forward to my next visit.
4	This is a great classy  place to go dancing on Friday or Saturday night. Great Live music. I have only had appetizers so  can't comment on the food yet. But I will update as soon as I go back for dinner.
4	Came in earlier today for dinner. I had saved up an appetite for this place. I was definitely feeling like eating something meaty and filling. I decided upon the Lamb Shanks. Although coming to an Italian restaurant one would expect to eat something Italian. However, when I  saw this menu item I was sold. The dish came with two 8 oz lamb shanks and creamy feta risotto. The lamb shanks were fall off the bone tender and the risotto was really tasty and had a great consistency. You definitely get your moneys worth on this dish. (Two lamb shanks for $25 !) The only thing missing in this dish would have been some lemon wedges to squeeze over the dish as this was a heavy siting entree and would have helped to cut through the richness. For dessert, I ordered the traditional creme brulee. the creme brulee had to be at least 8 oz of custardy goodness. it had a nice crust with even caramelization. the interior was still very chill and velvety. Definitely the one of the best creme brulees in the phx area. Also- one creme brulee is enough for two!
5	Okay, I cannot say enough good things about this place. Yum. Yum yum yum yum YUM! This is hands-down the BEST Italian restaurant I have ever had the pleasure of eating at. I went for a celebratory dinner with my boyfriend after one year together and the atmosphere in the dining room was just lovely. Very romantic.Now on to my favorite part: the food. My guy had the Penne Sicilian, which was good, but not really something to rave about. I had the Gnocchi alla Vodka, a, and I quote, "homemade potato gnocchi in a pink vodka sauce with shallots, fresh tomatoes and a touch of cream". Absolutely heavenly. I scraped all the sauce off my plate just to be able to taste how wonderful it was until the very end. The homemade gnocchi was exactly the right texture and the whole dish just worked together so wonderfully. You need to try this. You deserve to try this! I dream about dishes like this one, seriously.The dessert was also fantastic. We split a raspberry tartufo (we were so stuffed from the huge portions of pasta) and it was a great finish to the dinner. The final bill wasn't ridiculous, especially for the quality of the food (on my end, at least) and the atmosphere. I thought it was very reasonable and will definitely be looking forward to my next visit there soon.
1	Lousy customer service. Hector the barback/busboy was the only one that cared about my service. They didnt bring out bread with the meal. The food was bland and overpricedEven the hostess didnt care, wow.Save your money, go somewhere else.
5	This is one of the nicest Restaurant  you can find in Ahwatukee close to the busy I10 and Chandler Blvd. Wether you just stop by during happy hour or have a succulent supper try it.
1	What a joke me and my wife went in for a late dinner the bar bar was full so we went to the dining room . Waited about ten minutes servers bussers and hostesses passed by us so we decided to walk out . On our way out we bump into the manager let him know what happened his response was sorry and he continued on is way .
4	Wed nite found the place mostly empty.  Drinks good and reasonable.  Food while good/great but pricey...could have thrown in a small salad.  Espresso creme bruGtlee was to die for!
3	My book club met there for Happy Hour last month and if my review was based solely on that experience, I would've given 4 stars. Great lounge with ample seating, good music (loud, but not too loud, we had no problem hearing each other speak across a table of 6) and GREAT PRICES. I had 3 glasses of Chianti, the grilled veggies and the little-neck clams (with plenty of bread to sop up the delicious buttery wine sauce) and the check was just $25! Holy bargains Batman!Unfortunately, my recent Friday night visit (6:45 - 9pm) did not leave me so giddy...There was no room in the main dining room and since this was Date Night with the hubby (as opposed to Fire Sale at The Local Meat Market) we opted for the "quiet side of the patio" out front. Unlike the inside, VB's front patio has ZERO ambience. And with no twinkle lights or even a faint stream of music, the view of the parking lot reinforces thoughts of hopping in the car and heading elsewhere...As far as the food goes, it started off GREAT. The scallops appetizer was nothing short of perfect (my husband concurs)--sauteed in a pesto and SO juicy. The side of greens was an ideal accompaniment, with a light vinaigrette. The entrees, on the other hand, were so disappointing... The veal marsala was meh: while it was tender enough to cut with a fork, the sauce was very generic, almost tasted like brown gravy, which is exactly what ny husband said about the sauce on his ahi tuna dish. As far as the sides of potatoes & veggies that came with the meals--on par with your average cafeteria, and unfortunately, there was no salt nor pepper on the table to remedy the absolute blandness. By the time the waitress got back to our table, I had decided not to bother requesting seasonings, as they were already cold.The dessert (chocolate cheesecake) was passable, but tasted prepackaged.As far as the service, she seemed a bit overwhelmed and unencouraging with regard to our food choices...Although we used a Groupon and therefore paid almost half of what the bill would've normally been, we were still underwhelmed.
2	My husband and I tried this restaurant last night on recommendations from a friend. It was a Tuesday night around 7:30, and we were dressed casually, so when the hostess told us we could sit in the bar area (which is very large) we opted for that. Probably not the best choice, because as the night went on the music got louder. We found their wine list adequate and ordered a lovely bottle of Valley of the Moon sangiovese. That was probably the best thing we had all night, sadly. Our server was lovely, I must say. Very charming and upbeat. We ordered the calamari appetizer to share, which was pretty good. The batter and sauce were tasty, the squid a little chewy. But I liked that it came with a salad of romaine and tomatoes on the side. Good combination! Then came the entrees..I had the Veal Marsala and my husband ordered the New York Steak medium rare. The Veal was good and tender, but the mushroom sauce tasted like it came right out of a can. My husbands steak was cooked medium well, not rare, which he was very grumpy about. And the veggies they served along side were cold and hard and obviously frozen. One more chance: dessert. We ordered a tiramisu to share...on the recommendation of our server....and it was very ordinary, and tasted like it came from a grocery store. I have heard this place does have a great happy hour and I saw they did grey goose martinis (my favorite) If we were ever to return, I wouldn't mind trying those! And probably munch on the calamari....and forget the rest of the food.
4	I love their happy hour! Killer martinis!
4	Went for a birthday gathering there last Friday.  The wine list was excellent and we went with a bottle of Kendall Jackson Chardonnay.  The presentation was excellent and the wine was kept at about the right temperature.  For appetizers, we ordered the Escargot and the Scallops.  I must say, the escargot came out completely different than what I had expected.  It came out in a soft, flaky pastry, and could be separated out in 4 pieces.  It was extremeley done to perfection!  The scallops were also excellent, and the presentation was superb.I opted for the Linguine Vongole (pasta and clams in a white wine sauce).  I've had this dish at several other places, and I must say this was the best one I've had so far.  The only 'downer' of the whole night was that our table was placed near the band, and it was a little distracting trying to talk over them.  Kind of hard for 10 people to have casual conversations to Journey.  :)All in all, it was a very pleasant experience.
4	If you are looking for more of a Lounge hang out with good drinks and live music -with even a small dance floor --check this place out!  You can go for dinner -and stay for the live band and evening interaction -or just plan to go during happy hour or after 8p.m to enjoy the bar area where the band camps out!  The music is always fabulous for listening and dancing if you choose.  The crowd has appeared to be 45+ on the times I have visited -and very lively and interactive -but still laid back with the lounge feel.  I only rate it a 4 instead of a 5 because the last few visits were a bit of a wait for drinks when the bar was far from full.  All the staff members are very pleasant and helpful!
4	I have been here a few times for lunch and taken friends and it's always been a pleasant experiance. I have only ever gotten the Gnocchi alla Vodka  so you mileage may vary.  It's so good I never switch up what I order.It's a nice restaurant with a cool patio and bar so you can eat outside.Try:- Gnocchi alla Vodka
5	One of the best places you will find in Arizona for great authentic Italian dishes.  Sunday and Monday they have happy hour 1/2 off appetizers all day long.  We've eaten there many times with family and friends and have yet to hear a single complaint.
4	As my friend would say, "This place is grown and sexy".  Love the dim lighting and the red curtains.  I love the huge bar area. Four of us girls dined here for dinner and sat at a high table in the bar area.  Our server was friendly and attentive and the bartender even came over and chatted it up with us.  We all had wine and I went with a Malbec.  It was a good choice recommended by the bartender.  When our server brought over bread and butter, I was so excited to see that it wasn't normal butter. I love when restaurants don't have normal butter and the sundried tomato and basil butter exceeded my butter expectations.  For starters, we shared the clams and fried calamari.  The clams were in a olive oil, garlic, and oregano broth and dipping the bread in it made it even better.  The clams were baby clams and were good, but a bit gritty.  I liked the calamari.  They were light, and even thought the garlic sauce on them was good, I'm old school Italian and would have preferred traditional marinara or fra diavlo dipping sauce.Like many other Yelpers, I went with the Gnocchi alla Vodka.  I'm an Gnocchi snob, but Va Bene passes my Gnocchi test.  Definitely homemade, light and fluffy.  The sauce was SO flavorful.  I only ordered a half order of the Gnocchi and was kicking myself after for not getting a whole order!  One thing I did not like about the restaurant was that the music was on a pop station.  If I'm in a nice Italian restaurant, I don't feel like listening to Lady Gaga.  I know they have live Jazz on the weekends, so why not play Jazz music on the radio every night?!
5	If you want a "real" review of this place, read the one from Nicole B.  I'm just going to give you my highlights this time.First, they had Grey Goose on special for $6.  Are you kidding me?  Where do I sign up?  I saw the sign on the patio as we were walking thru the door and I knew it was going to be a good night!  I don't typically order calamari because everyone seems to have a version of it and it's usually not very good.  The calamari at Va Bene is thebombdotcom.  Seriously the best squid I have ever had.  For dinner I had the Risotto Mare Monte--light brandy cream sauce, shrimp, scallops, and wild mushrooms.  Very good.The atmosphere was dark and romantic.  No one wants to have a spotlight on them with they're shoveling Italian food into their face.  It was perfect.  It was a quiet Tuesday night with only a couple other tables.  Besides, we were getting plenty of attention from the staff and other customers.  Four hot ladies do not need a spotlight.  :)
4	As always, Va Bene is wonderful.  The atmosphere, service and food all hit the mark.  I met a g/f for lunch and, after a couple of sample tastings, we each had a glass of red wine and the special beef & feta salad.  Delicious.  We ended up being there over 2 hours.  The service continued to be attentive the whole time without rushing us.  The only thing I would change is for you to get a location in the North Valley!  I will definitely be back.
3	Meh. About par for the course for a restaurant located in a suburban strip mall. You know only good cheap food comes out of those places.For dinner we had:Melanzane Ripieni - first dish that came out so it was a great start. Eggplant done right with lots of mozarella and marinara sauce.Insalata Caprese - still doing pretty good though the mozarella and tomato weren't anything special, more supermarket than artisanalMargherita Pizza - things go downhill from here. Dough was pale and soggy. Toppings were not well thought out and this pizza was super bland. We put more basil and cheese on but it didn't help.Gnocchi al Pesto (special request by suggestion of the waitress; it's not normally on the menu) - I didn't get much better. Not sure if the gnocchi was homemade but it was definitely rustic - large, heavy, chewy. I wasn't impressed with the pesto sauce. I declined to finish this dish.On weekend nights it turns into an upscale meat market. Think short tight skirts. Not the atmosphere I really enjoyed with my dinner.
3	This place is an Italian restaurant with decent food and and very good wine list with prices and ambiance leaning toward the upscale.  I had been here once with my sister for dinner shortly after they opened and found the prices to be higher than the quality of food and service warranted and so promptly forgot about it and never came back (and apparently never even wrote a review).Flash forward to last Friday night when I am out with a bunch of ladies celebrating not one but two birthdays. We were in a party mood and so opted to sit in the bar area.  Boy, we did not know what we were in for.  Crazy loud music with a total meat market atmosphere. Unfortunately the band that night was a funk/r&b band which is not at all our style. After watching the cougars stalk their prey and the odd couples on the dance floor gyrate to Prince and Parliament songs for a couple hours, I was ready to get out of there. I think with a different band I may have enjoyed it a little more but I generally prefer a more laid back atmosphere and to be able to talk to my friends at the table without having to shout.On the plus side, the food was very good.  My favorite Italian place in this part of town is Vincitorio's (on Elliott and McClintock) but I don't really care for their linguine with clams dish so I took advantage and ordered it here at Va Bene and it did not disappoint one bit.  I mean, it was so good I ate the whole thing and then mopped up the sauce with the rest of the bread in the basket.  Yum!  I also sampled some of my neighbors Gnocchi and that was fantastic as well.  Everyone at the table of 8 girls seemed to love their food and we all ordered different wines by the glass and no one was disappointed in that, either.So, if you are in Ahwatukee looking for good Italian food and good wine and you don't mind spending a few extra bucks then this is a good option (Caffe Boa just up the road is a more affordable with same ambiance) but don't come on a Friday or Saturday night unless you are looking to party, hook-up, or shake your booty... or maybe all three!
4	I have been here about five times for happy hour.   The happy hour is great because all the appetizers are half off.   The food is amazing!  I have only eaten in the bar so I am looking forward to having dinner here soon.
3	This looks like a great place for a quiet date night meal.  We were there for a family meal, so the ambiance was somewhat wasted on us.  In any case, I had the seafood pizza and enjoyed it quite a bit.  It is nice to find something a little out of the ordinary on the menu.  I would like to try this place again.
5	This is as good as it gets in the east valley.  They are opening a new location in Chandler in the fall of 2012.  We ate at Tutti Santi in Tempe this week also, and had a 2 star dining experience.  It has gone way down.
5	I'm from Philly and am a self appointed gnocchi connoisseur.  My I laws and I are on a life long quest to find the best gnocchi in the country.  Said In laws were in Gilbert last month and ate here.  The lauded the gnocchi as the best ever.  So this trip we had to try them.  They are close if not the best I've eaten. The vodka sauce is spectacular! The gnocchi are like little clouds of deliciousness...well most of them.  The only glitch, and it is tiny but we are talking the best gnocchi in the country here, so if we find a nit we must pick it. They needed to be stirred and cooked for a few more seconds as some were not fully cooked.  The under cooked were a little bit "doughy".  All in all the are great, go there and eat them!
3	came in on a Monday night for a date and sat in the "lounge" bar. It's open seating so we sat in a booth.It's was pretty dead that night which was good in the since we could have our private time without loud crowds.Service was good and our server took care of us.We had the escargot as an app, with lamb shanks and veal for our entree. The food seemed average to me. It was good, but nothing that would blow me away. I'm be willing to come back to see what else they offer.
4	Went for an early lunch on a weekday.  The restaurant was pretty empty, but it was just open, like I said it was early.  The restaurant itself is very beautiful.  The service was perfectly fine.  The food was great.  The tomato bruschetta was excellent.  The gnocchi (specifically ordered due to William H, 8/18/12 yelp review) was very very good.  Not ready to give 5 stars yet, would like to go and see how they do when busier.  But I will go back!
4	Took wife to Va Bene for her birthday. There were 4 of us, We started with Bruschetta "Va Bene" and Antipasto Misto. Wife had the Filet Medallions and they were wonderful. I had the Gnocchi alla Vodka and I will have it again. We paired dinner with a nice Chianti. Food and wine was wonderful.Only negative was in desert. I had Creme Brulee which was served cold so the top was nor as crispy as it should have been.We will go again both for the restaurant and the bar.
4	I've come here on Saturday night and the atompshere is awesome. I've also come here on a lunch date & the food is great.
4	This place is the BEST!  Great decor, great outside dining, true Italian feel to the place.  And then there is the FOOD!  WOW.  Visiting from Seattle and have eaten there twice and hope to go once more.  We have had the antipasto misto, Melanzane Ripieni, calamari, clams, mussels, spinach salad.  The clams in wine sauce were perfect!  The mussels were smaller than ours in the Northwest so I enjoyed them much more, they were in a sauce that is indescribable!  Your mouth falls in love!  The champagne vinaigrette on the spinach salad was obviously homemade and could never be duplicated, sad. And the calamari was excellent with a garlic mayonnaise.The second time we were there we sat outside during happy hour and the place was completely packed and the wonderful staff managed to take care of all of us timely and friendly.The happy hour is the type I like, half off of any appetizers, rather than offering a few shabby dishes at a discount.  AMORE!!
4	I haven't eaten a meal here for a long time, so I'm reviewing just the nightlife aspect of the place. It is divided roughly into a restaurant on one side and a bar/live music area on the other.The live bands they have in here are very good, and not too loud, so if you want to enjoy some live music and still be able to have a conversation, this is a good place. There is also a large outdoor patio area with a bar. The bands I've seen here tend toward R&B, Motown, Blues, and similar genres.The service seems very friendly and, as another reviewer mentioned, the whole place tends toward the upscale. If you've heard rumors that this is a "cougar" bar, I'd say that's pretty accurate. You won't see many folks under 40 here.
4	I love this place. I went to the restaurant several times without even checking the bar area. The bar area is fabulous and they have live music. The chef will make whatever you would like if you call ahead. This is amazing because I am such a picky eater. Love this place.
4	Quiet exquisite atmosphere! Will definitely recommend to colleagues and friends!Escargots! Great experience!
3	Great happy hour!$5 for house wineappetizers are all half off with the exception of one. I would say the calamari is the best bang for your buck.  You get literally a giant mount and its pretty delicious. I also love the carpaccio.  Very simple but really good. I always find myself wanting to order another plate. the only thing that I didn't enjoy was the escargot. it came wrapped up in a puff pastry with a creamy sauce inside but the puff pastry was very underdone so it was basically still raw on the inside which made for an even chewier experience then the snail itself. but overall I like this place and would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to grab a few appetizers and brings.  Haven't tried the dinner menu so I can't comment on how their main courses are.
5	Excellent food, prices, service, atmosphere and happy hour!! Hard to beat this place, really!
4	My wife and I visited for our weekly Friday night out and we'll certainly be back. The food was excellent. PJ had one of the daily specials, orange roughy in asparagus sauce, and I had the rigatoni bolognese. The service was top notch and checked on us often throughout the evening making recommendations along the way.As much as we like him, we could have done without the constant Frank Sinatra music. At least throw in a little Tony Bennett once in a while, guys. ;)Overall relaxing atmosphere in the restaurant side. We didn't even know there was a bar until we took a detour to the restrooms on the way out and exited through the bar which, while quite noisy, couldn't be heard from the dining room.The place is tucked away in a corner of a strip mall, not where I'd expect it to be at all considering the dining experience which was fancy without being intimidating AND without breaking the bank.
4	My girlfriend and I went there for a girls' classy dinner night:) and were pleasantly surprised. It's hard to find a decent Italian place in Chandler. We didn't go to the lounge area so I can't say anything about that, we went straight to the dining area. The atmosphere was really pleasant and there were quite a few people on a Wednesday night which is always a good sign I think. First, compliments and then critique.The appetizer was good, we got shrimp in wrapped in bacon (as far as I remember) and it was yummy. The stuffed pork with cranberry wine sauce was delicious! Absolutely loved it. The portion was quite large too, I got stuffed. No pun intended. We also swapped the standard sides for their zucchini risotto which I thought was all right, not great, but my friend thought it was absolutely delicious. Now the critique. This restaurant is not super expensive but it's not cheap. So you'd think that after you're done with your appetizer they would take your appetizer plate away. They didn't. It sat on the table with some shrimp tales pretty much through the entire dinner. And for $8 we only got 4 shrimp for the appetizer. I get it, that's what fancy restaurants do but could you bump it up to 6 maybe? Still not a lot, but they won't look so lonely on the plate.  Other than that, we had a really nice night out and will come back. It's hard to find a nice Italian restaurant that's not Olive Garden or (yuk) Rigatoni's quality so it was a pleasant surprise.
5	We Love this place! Although the food is to die for, and they have some good vegetarian options, my review will focus on the wine bar/entertainment. There are very few places around town that a person who is not in their 20's anymore can get their groove on. This is it! Va Bene is an upscale (read: no base ball hats) wine bar that has a full bar, a dance floor and a stage! The decor is very classy with deep red long velvet drapes. Seating is around the HUGE bar, tall tables that seat 4 with white tablecloths and intimate booths (yes, IN THE BAR!)  They have great outdoor patio space on 2 sides of the restaurant with heat lamps in the winter and a nice counter height fire pit.Va Bene hosts the best bands around like The Soul Solution (these girls can SING!!) and the sax player Todd is amazing!) and Contra Band. The bartenders and wait staff are friendly and make really great drinks. Try the Chocolatini!The crowd is a high energy, great mix of everyone and it can get quite crowded between 9 and 11pm. You will see anything from sequins to nice jeans to suits.FYI  The 2 corner bar seats on the left are reserved for my friend Kiki and I when the Soul Solution is playing. If you sit there you will be glared at by everyone. Lol!
3	Good food.  Terrible service from the unfriendly hostess to the bored waiter that couldn't be bothered to write down our order (and of course got it mixed up).  The food was good though and had some interesting specials.
4	I discovered this place over 10 years ago and it has never disappointed.  When in Chandler it's worth the stop to visit Va Bene.  It's family run and has some delicious Italian food.
1	We started our date night here and were very disappointed. We were looking for wine and live music and found this on Yelp. We arrived at 7:30 for dinner, but the music here does not start until 9:00. That's on us - but just so you know, it starts at 9:00, a bit too late for dinner. The servers spent more time chatting at the bar than serving their tables.We ordered the lamb and it was very fatty. We were scrapping fat off the top to get to the meat. I rarely turn food down, but I couldn't eat this dish.  We decided to order dessert to pass the time and wait for the music to start. The cheesecake was not fresh or made in house. We decided to go back to yelp and see if we could find another wine bar near by  to save our night. Check out My Wine Cellar for better food, service, pricing and music.
4	My wife and I have eaten here many times over the span of about 6 years. Every time the food is great and we enjoy the experience. My wife usually gets the Fettuccine Con Pollo & Fungi and I either get the same or the New York Steak. Both are fantastic. My steak is always cooked perfect and the sauce is great. The only drawback for me is it is sometimes the lighting is a little too low, and I feel it is a little spendy but it is worth the price.
5	Great food, atmosphere. The Calamari and Caprese were delicious! The service was fantastic!  The best part of the evening was the company and the staff was gracious about letting us enjoy our time together.  Memorable evening with fantastic friends and great food. Manga!
4	Stopped in for an early Mother's day dinner this afternoon in the dining room and was quite pleased with the experience at Va Bene.The waitstaff was excellent, we didn't have to wave anyone down when our glasses started to look a little low, the bread basket was always full (and their tomato basil butter was delicious, too!)It was a little pricey, but the food quality was certainly worth the price paid, imo.  I would certainly recommend Va Bene for anyone that would like an attainable, upscale Italian dinner or lunch.
4	Amazing Service. There's a band that plays on Saturday night which is pretty cool, if you want to sit and talk they have a separate dinning room.
4	I've gone twice now, and it was better the first time, but let's see if the third time's the charm. Cute little place tucked away in a little outlet, much prettier from the inside! You've gotta try the escargot, it's so delicious you want to lick the plate--and I don't even like snails! Warning: do not fill up on the delicious bread they give you! Also, while the creme brulee was alright, I wouldn't recommend ordering it, as it's supposed to be firm, not watery. Other than that, the service is good and the pasta is as well!
4	Va Bene is a great place for evening cocktails, great atmosphere and great service, happy hour is excellent!
3	I would give the food 4 stars. It's the service that stunk (one star would be appropriate).  Our server Sergio, was terrible.  He seemed to have the snotty waiter "I'm too good to be serving you" attitude.  He was barely at our table, when he was interacting with us he was short and rude.  I would try Va Bene again, but would request NOT to be seated in Sergio's section!  Hopefully, the rest of the wait staff is kinder.
4	Absolutely delicious! The only downside was they ran out of some of the menu items, but what they had was great! The service was terrific and he was very helpful in making decisions between menu items. This is a great place for special occasions and romantic dinners!
3	The food is good.  The service is spotty.  The happy hour deals are good and the atmosphere in the bar area is great for happy hour. Stick to the pasta dishes as the higher end entrees aren't anything specatular.
5	What a great place for a happy hour martini, beer, great food, elegant atmosphere, and attentive service at a reasonable price.  It gets busy, so go early for happy hour and make a reservation for dinner.
3	We went one night for dinner because this was only place in chandler open for late night dinner. Food was decent. Place was full of people.
3	Don't come here after 9pm to have a nice dinner. That was around the time the bar gets hopping...with old people. They were loud and took away from the restaurant experience. Luckily for them the food saved them on this review. The main course was good and so was the tiramisu. The bread was good but they don't give you much. The kind they give you comes with a olive oil type butter that was interesting and pretty good.
4	The food here is really good! They have amazing happy hour deals too. The downside to that is you'll be surrounded by an older crowd. Diners beware: You might end up on a Cougars plate. Our waiter was really nice, friendly, and attentive. I had the Fettuccine Con Pollo & Fungi which was awesome!! Their bread is pretty tasty too! Will be coming back!
3	Food is pretty good, atmosphere is good. Bands, etc are good. Staff is not great. Hostesses are snotty and wait staff is just okay.
4	The service was good and the food was excellent.  This was our second time to this restaurant, the first time for a family event of 8 as we used a gift card  with many restaurants options.  We did use the second of our 4 'card/coupons' this evening for Va Bene.  Both experiences were excellent. Certificate or not, excellent food and service.
1	The food sounded great but wasn't executed well at all!
4	Bought a voucher on Living Social and I'm glad I did! Very nicely decorated restaurant and attentive service. The menu is extensive with a lot of authentic Italian dishes. I had the linguine Putenesca which had tons of capers and olives, fresh tomatoes and a light tomato sauce. Heavenly if you love capers ant olives like I do. My husband had an Alfredo type pasta which completely bores me but he liked it. Tiramisu is not my "to die for" dessert so we shared one and it was very well done; rich flavors but not overly sweet. We will definitely return.
5	Summary: fantastic food, wonderful service, a little spendthrift, great place to take a date, if middle aged and single, great social scene for this crowd. These guys are the real deal. They have escargot which is not easy to find. I little off center serving a French dish in an Italian eatery. But it is good. I am a huge gnocchi fan and they deliver. Although the bar is in full swing, the dining room remains quite. I recommend date night followed by a drink with friends..just don't expect 22 year olds doing keg stands.
5	I had been to the bar at this trendy little spot several times with co-workers and friends, but I hadn't tried their dining room until recently.The waiter was very knowledgeable and recommended some great entrees for us to try. With the caprese salad as an appetizer, our meals were more than enough!I regret never having eaten in their dining room before and will definitely be returning soon!
4	I'd give the food a 3/5 and the actual restaurant a 5/5. The food was really just okay, but this place looks GREAT!
5	Great food, wonderful ambience, and nice owners! I'm even using them for the company holiday lunch!
3	By the prices they were charging, I would have expected a meal that tasted less like reheated Olive Garden doused in parmesan. On the plus side it appeared to be 40-something-divorcee's night at the bar next door... so that was entertaining.
2	Why only a "fair rating"?  I have been to Va Bene on MANY occasions.  We decided to go for at Va Bene disappointing.  To start with, I made my New Year's Eve reservation on/or about December 1.  THAT was probably a mistake... it was too soon.  When we arrived, I was learned that they had a "Special Limited Menu".  I was NOT informed of that when I made my reservation.  When I called, I specifically asked and was told the menu was normal!  When I questioned the "special limited menu", I was told that everyone was told when they made their reservation.... NOT TRUE.  I was told that everyone was called a few days before New Year's Eve to confirm their reservation.... NOT TRUE.  I was told that when confirming the reservation, everyone was told there was a "special limited menu".... OBVIOUSLY NOT TRUE, because EVERYONE at all the tables around me said they were NOT CALLED.  Besides, if everyone was told there was a "special limited menu" when your reservation was made, WHY would you have to let everyone know when you called to confirm?  OBVIOUSLY MANAGEMENT WAS LYING!!!!!  Despite their not being truthful, the choices were "adequate" (about 5 entrees) and she service was excellent.  HOWEVER, we ordered the Stuffed Sea Bass and it was warm at best.  I was going to send it back, but by that time, I was already annoyed enough by the way everything was going, so I just could not be bothered.  A few other couples who did not know about the "special limited menu" had a difficult time with the menu.  One woman was lactose intolerant and she was unable to select many of the choices including the appetizers and desserts.  They did make a special but unimpressive special desert for her (because desert was supposed to be included with the "special menu").  Another couple had to leave because the woman was allergic to shell fish and most of the entrees included shell fish or shell fish ingredients.  Bottom line, this was the first and only time I was disappointed with Va Bene.  I highly recommend Va Bene, however, I would be very careful on a holiday and most certainly New Year's Eve.  I STRONGLY SUSPECT, when I made my reservation on/or about December 1, they had no idea they were going to have a "special limited menu" for New Year's Eve and THAT is why it was such a surprise to both myself and the other guests.  Lastly, our waiter was very good, and was obviously having difficulty with the restaurant's last minute decision to have a "special limited menu".  He did a very good job and made a great effort to take care of the customer's request.
2	We made a reservation for 9pm on a weekday. We walked in before 9 and there was no one to seat us. We waited for a bit thinking that they would notice we were there. After about 10 minutes.. I walk towards the bar and THEN someone came to get us a table. It was quite dark in the dining room and the food was way over priced for the "Olive Garden" taste. The only reason for the two stars is the waiters service was not bad and the food was edible.
4	Quite satisfied! My wife and I were looking for a new date-night spot and came across this joint on Yelp. We checked it out and we're impressed with the atmosphere, the service, the food, and the prices. Happy hour deals are great (ex: half-off appetizers and $1 off wine) and the food was terrific. We sat in the bar area and shared the beer-battered calamari (which was delicious!) and enjoyed the fettuccine with cream sauce pasta dish for our main course. The service was also fine--nothing too great, but kept our drinks full. Overall, a nice evening. We would definitely try it again when we're in that area.
3	I first went to Va Bene a few weeks ago and sat at the bar and enjoyed a couple of martinis along with some steamers. The service at the bar was exceptional and so were the steamers, exceptionally enough to invite some friends to dine there last Saturday.Unfortunately our experience dinning in the main dining area wasn't the same as my initial visit. On several occasions we had to ask for service from our server Srdjan. He wasn't very tentative.  The steamers were tremendously salty and two of my guests were totally dissatisfied with their main dish of Rigatoni alla Bolognese. Personally I enjoyed the Veal Piccata and would order it again. The straw that broke the camel's back was at the end of the evening. After being presented the bill my guest paid it with cash and then Srdjan asked if he needed any change back.  In my opinion, a waiter/waitress should never ask this question, if just cheapens an overall dinning experience.
1	Did not enjoy. Waiter was a douche and food was terrible.
5	Found this place on Idine and tried it for lunch. Very nice place with a very large bar. On the high end side if that is what you are looking for. Food was excellent and service was very good. I had the linguine with chicken and mushrooms in a cream sauce with a glass of white wine. They brought over some good crusty French bread and I had a wonderful food experience. What I also liked was that the menu was overloaded. You have enough to pick from but not too much so you know the chef can do everything properly and fresh. Will go back for dinner soon.
5	Came here Friday night for date night with my husband and we had a wonderful time. The wait staff were very friendly and helpful with the menu. They have a great menu and their food is delicious! The atmosphere there is very nice  and such a great place to go for a nice dinner with your significant other. I love this place and we will definitely be back for more. They also have a great happy hour in the bar.
3	Had the seafood pasta.  Seafood was a little better than an average restaurant and the pasta noodles were way too soft (waiter said would be al dente).  Wouldnt go back.
5	Solid. All the way around. The bartender Randy was also fantastic. The calimari is excellent and the eggplant appetizer was also fantastic.This will be our new go to spot when in this area for sure.
3	Food was great and reasonably priced with restaurant.com coupon. I would've gave five stars if the waiter wasn't so cocky and direct.
1	So we've been sitting here for an hour now since we put in our order and still no food.  Normally, I'm quick to forgive... Especially when offered an apology, which we were.  The manager assured us our order was corrected and that the food would be here soon.  That was 25 minutes ago.  Ugh.... Won't be coming back here again.  I don't care how good the food is.... If it ever comes, that is.
5	Though it's hard to compare Italian and New Mexican cuisine, I vote Va Bene our best dining experience of five days in restaurant-laden Phoenix.Waiter was superb; wine list, great; all five entrees at our table were pronounced "excellent".  I later dreamed about my pasta with chicken, mushroom in a creamy sauce.  For dessert: wonderful tiramisu.Like many area finds, Va Bene is in a strip mall.  It's inconsequential once you step in the door.Go here when you've had a bellyful of everything chile-related.
3	We came here for happy hour one evening.. 4 stars? Of course we have to check it out..They have happy hour from 4-7. For food we ordered the Bruschetta, and the Melanzane Ripieni. The bruschetta was ok. It was just mainly tomatoes on it. I felt like a slice of cheese with it would've been perfect. It was no meat friday again so these items were perfect. The Melanzane was good. It's baked and filled with eggplant, cheese, zucchini, etc. I felt they could use some more items on their appetizer menu. It's mainly all seafood. Mussels, calamari, scallops etc. For the drinks... I was kind of shocked that they don't have a drink menu. They don't have a regular drink menu, wine menu, or anything. You basically tell them what you want and that's it. The first time, I ordered a Strawberry Martini while my friend got a Cosmo. Then we told our waitress, can you just have the bartender mix up a fruity martini. I'm not sure what was in it, but it was really good! The good news is their martinis are really good and they're a steal! $4! I would really recommend having a drink menu though, maybe throwing some specialty drinks on it along with a wine list and perhaps expanding the happy hour menu with the appetizers. I'd come back for a martini though for a price like that! =)
5	Ovo je jedan od najboji rstorana sto sam ja I mja spruga posetili. Hrana je bila fantasncna. Uslug jos bolja.
4	Dropping them a star for my last experience. Bartender could not have been less interested. No excuse when there are only 2 couples in the entire restaurant at 5 on a Monday!I won't be coming here when Michelle is working the bar anymore. The experience of sitting at a bar and enjoying some drinks and food is meant to be shared. She would drop off a drink and run to the other side of the bar. No type of personal connection. With Randy its the complete opposite. The owners should take heed of this.
4	The band on Saturday night was extremely good. Can't comment on the food since I've not eaten there and the wine list lacked substance. These stars are for the band only.
3	My husband and I selected Va Bene for our wedding reception. We were having a small wedding, 40 people, and had heard Va Bene was an excellent restaurant.The wait staff and food was delicious. We could have not have asked for better service or food for our reception. People complemented the service and food - for that I would have given 5 stars...However, I took a couple of stars off due to the manager Donna and lack of communication. We originally started talking back in November over email as we live in NYC. It was easy enough to book and she provided us with a simple menu which we were pleased with. I emailed her to ask to meet with her in February as I was flying out to finalize things before the April wedding. She agreed (we did have to change the date since my flight was cancelled and rescheduled, but she agreed to meet me at the same time the following day). When I arrived Donna was not there - they had no idea that I was coming or when Donna would be in. We waited for a half an hour before Sasha helped us - I was ready to change the venue. Sasha was helpful and nice and offered a food tasting during the week. We came back for the food tasting and Donna met us - although she acted as though she couldn't be bothered with us. Michele, another manager from my understanding, took care of us.  Without Sasha or Michele I would have changed the venue. Donna was also very hard after that to get in contact with. She took up to a week to respond to us, and the only time we really got any information was when Michele took over the emailing while Donna was on vacation. Additionally, Donna forgot to inform Michele that my husband would be by the day of the wedding to drop things off - we agreed at 3:30 so the room would be ready. When he arrived nothing was set up...In the end, the food, wait staff, Michele and Sasha were wonderful. I would eat there again, however, I would shy away from arranging another big event.
5	This restaurants food, decor and service was outstanding! It had a great romantic atmosphere, perfect for my boyfriends bday dinner tonight! The food was delicious, from appetizers all the way to their fabulous tiramisu! (We even took a second piece home!) I had the risotto while my boyfriend had the pesto pasta and they were both just fantastic! All staff members were very nice and attentive!  We will definitely be going back!
4	Calamari was tasty and the portion was very large.  I ordered the linguini pomodoro and added calamari and clams and it was delicious!  Drinks were huge for $5.00 each!  Highly recommend.
4	Went for dinner on a Saturday night and it was packed - the bar, patio, and the dining area.  I guess this is a popular spot on Saturdays.  My 4 star rating is a composite rating for all things considered -- food, prices, service, atmosphere, location, etc. etc. etc.  First the good.  I thought the food and drink were pretty darn good.  And the prices were fair and the portions large.  We even had a bottle of $36 cab, and it was decent, not some rot gut stuff.  Service was fast and efficient.We shared 2 apps -- bruschetta and an antipasto platter.  They were both good.  The antipasto platter had salami, prosciutto, spicy Swiss cheese, mozzarella, and white cheddar chunks, olives, artichoke hearts, and roasted red bell peppers.  My GF had lemon chicken with asparagus; her daughter had chicken fettuccine alfredo; and I had double lamb shanks with risotto -- not as good as osso bucco but pretty darn good anyway.  We all thought the food was good.Atmosphere was nice and good, but a little cramped in the dining room.  Service was efficient, but maybe a little rushed.  Maybe not someplace to go if you are looking to have a leisurely romantic dinner.  The prices were fair, especially when considering the large portion sizes.  We will be back.
5	EXCELLENT food & service! Came here on a date last week and we were both so impressed by the quality, delicious food and friendly service. I will definitely be coming back!
5	The steak here blows the doors off any other steak house you may think is the best.   You have not had the best until you've had it here.  The service is always 5 star.  The portions and presentations are just right.  The desserts here are amazing. This place has a European flare;  cloth tablecloths and napkins.  It's a great place for a special occasion and always well prepared.  The cook may not match up the menu to what is in season entirely.  But it is always done right and never disappoints.  I have been here several times and always highly satisfied in every aspect and nothing left on my plate.  Highly recommended.
1	Went in on a Sunday right at open.  Ambiance was great. Such a shame that the decor and comfort of the restaurant doesn't translate to the food. We first had calamari which was far from good. All I could taste is oil and mayo. For a genuine Italian restaurant,  it was terrible. I had the seafood main dish which had scallops, shrimp, mussels, etc. I would rate it a 6/10, the pasta itself was way overcooked. The server Denny, only checked on us ONCE the entire hour and a half we were there,  so customer service was also terrible.  On the flip side,  the salad that came with the calamari was very good. Finally we had tirsmisu for desert and that was also very good. Rated it a one due to mediocre food and terrible customer service. Maybe it's because I was spoiled with amazing Italian food when I lived in Chicago.....
4	Nice place for a dinner date or party. Food is great! Has a nice patio too! Only complaint, is the female bartender ignored me for 10 minutes as I stood waiting to order a glass of wine. (She looked at me a couple times) then finally another employee came over to take my order.
5	The food is excellent!
5	Been here multiple times and it never disappoints! Recently we went and had the flank steak special wrapped with red peppers, Gorgonzola cheese, and spinach. My boyfriend opted to not get the special but after trying mine was upset he hadn't ordered the same. I'd have to say that was one of the best steak meals I have ever had! I wish I knew when or if they were going to make that again because we would be there in a heart beat. Highly recommend this place because they're food is delicious.
5	Great was very good, Service was excellent, atmosphere was awesome. We will return. :-)
4	You can't go wrong with anything you order off the menu. Happy hour is a great mix of the Ahwatukee crowd. Very efficient wait staff. Great restaurant for date night!
4	Came here with my friend for some martinis and appetizers. I was blown away by the calamari, whatever the sauce they put on top is... is pretty delicious. For happy hour you can expect to pay a little over $4 for just the calamari and they are very generous with portions. I love the crispy-ness and the calamari itself isn't chewy. I loved our bartender, she was so sweet and helpful. The hostess on the other hand was awkward and rude. I am pretty sure she has no idea what her job entitles. We walked in and she gave us a rude stare as if we were suppose to be the first to speak. Excuse me, but a "Hi, welcome to Va Bene" would have been a thoughtful gesture as it is your job. We just didn't bother, we just helped ourselves to the bar. Please Va Bene, inform your hostess to talk and let them know what their job duties are. They are not well informed or you just hire high school girls to stand around. We've had this experience here a few times. The owner of the place was pleasant, sweet, and friendly. The staff who brought out our food was also very kind, this was very pleasing. Great establishment, great bartender, great food (pure excellence), great vibe, and amazing martinis.
5	Great food.  Great service.
4	Great place for dinner with the wife! Small, dark, quiet and the staff is very kind and professional. Love their pasta dishes. Will be back again for sure!
4	Went for dinner last nite with my GF and Daughter.  It was pretty empty -- maybe because of the holiday?  We ordered appetizers, salads, soup, and entrees, along with a bottle of wine.  All pretty good, especially my Italian Sausage and Peppers over Rigatoni.  The sausage was removed from the casing and it and the peppers were cooked in some kind of white cream sauce -- very delicious.  It was the best sausage and peppers I have ever had and I have eaten a lot of them in many, many different Italian restaurants.  And the pasta was truly al dente, which is a must for me.
4	My wife and I love this place. We had Lemon-Drop and Cosmopolitan Martinis, and two of the Pollo con Pesto pizzas, along with their complimentary bread is to die for. The dance floor gets crowded on Friday night, but it is a wonderful place to have fun with friends and family.
4	Great food and service definitely will be back with my girlfriend the only reason for 4 stars is I wish they had a more extensive beer selection I know it's an Italian place known for wines but they basically have just your basic domestic beers some craft beer choices would be nice
5	Va Bene just doesn't disappoint. Had dinner here this evening with the bf.  I had the Penne Salmone -- just delicious and extremely filling, so much so, that the bf got a nice chunk of it.  The bf had the Bassa Florentina of which I had a small sample -- very good too.  It's nice they have a separate dining area since the lounge can get quite loud.  May be a good place to dance as well -- don't know; will have to try it some time.
2	Food was delicious, service (Srdjan) was atrocious. After he brought the food, he ignored us for 40 minutes. No water refills, no plate clearing, no box, no check until we were finally able to flag him down. I won't go back; too bad, because the calamari was the best I've had!
5	Went back a few more times and always ask for Daniel as your server if you go hes great! Also if you eat there they give you 20% off your next meal over and over again great place and great service
5	Michelle at the bar is a freakin' Savant!  I swear.  I think the last time I was here was about a year ago and she served me a meal that unfortunately had to be returned. I don't remember why because every meal I have had here has been excellent!  Seriously. Anyway, she was so gracious about the problem I think she charged me 1/2 off the newly served dish (or something like that).  Well... I walked in today (again a year or more later) and she greeted me with a Big smile and said, "Andrew is it?". I mean, holy schnikees Batman!  How the heck?!?!So, come to the bar and introduce yourself to Michelle.  Never mind the smile and the great service... she obviously won't forget your name. Thank you Michelle!  You are appreciated.
5	My all time favorite restaurant! This place has a great atmosphere and amazing food. I have been going there regularly for years and the staff and service are fantastic.Every client, or date I have brought there were impressed and quickly became new customers themselves.
3	This is a great spot for happy hour or after hour drinks. I recommend dining in the bar/lounge as the dining room is a little stiff. The bar is elegant and large with very comfortable bar stools. There are several TVs which are usually playing a sporting game of some sort. Our bartender, Tyler, was fantastic! They offer generously sized $6 martinis with well liquor. The price drops to $4.50 for happy hour, which is unbeatable!Unfortunately, I wasn't terribly impressed with the food. It wasn't bad by any means but it was lacking. The pasta was quite overcooked, there was way too much cheese on the salads (thick slabs of bland mozzarella), the chicken piccata was somewhat bland, the sausage was extremely undercooked. So much so that we had it sent back to the kitchen. Tyler was very cool about it and gave us a cocktail on the house. Although I'm a little disappointed with the food, I very much approve of the laid back bar scene and the extra friendly bartenders. With a little added passion in the kitchen, they will be well on their way to being one of the hottest spots in town. Give it a shot, you may really enjoy it! It's got lots of potential.
5	My favorite Italian Restaurant.  Great food, and drinks, and the service is a hit. My husband and I love the ambience.
2	Food quality is at an all time low...have been coming here for a decade and loved it...now positive changes will have to happen before I return...the last 3 times I have been here I have noticed a decline in menu items and food quality.  Tonight was the last straw, had to return my "go to" meal cause it tasted rotten.  The owners should print new menus cause the white out is beyond tacky...and serve fresh food again!
5	I love Italian food and no matter where I go I keep coming back to my favorite one. Va Bene is not only good but they also have a great selection of vinos.  Their arrabbiata sauce is to "die for". Try it with sausage over your favorite pasta. Don't forget the chianti.
