4	When I was living in Edinburgh I ate here on a weekly basis. Beautiful, fresh pies that are wonderfully priced and very filling! They also have really great donuts and a few other types of sweets.
4	Hubby is a bigger fan cos he likes the pepper steak pies but I can wolf down a chicken and mushroom pie quicker than the Polish lady can say "Will I make warm for you?"Piemaker kicks Greggs' arse because...guess what, their pies actually have MEAT in them!
4	The Piemaker boasts that it's sausage rolls maintain the old miners tradition of rolling the peppery sausage meat in two layers of pastry. Double pastry?!?!?!Too perfect.
5	We all have defining moments in our life. For some it's biting the umbilical cord of their first born, then gobbling down the placenta Tom Cruise style. For a more reserved chap such as myself, I'll stick down my discovery of Piemaker on the list of "greatest ever."Even though it's scruffy, cheap, and with staff just the wrong side of miserable, any negatives are forgotten as soon as you get your mitts on any the goods. Piemaker takes baked savouries to levels you couldn't imagine, with their sausage rolls in particular a joy to behold.The baguettes are delicious and made with proper meat, and I won't even try and explain the giant apple turnover, it's exactly as perfect as it sounds. It's not even much dearer than Greggs.Fantastic.
4	Firstly, I have to mention my hysterical laughing at the sign above Piemakers door - "Pies so fresh they'll pince yer bum and call yer darlin'". Yes indeed, I dont know why, but that got to me.And really, the feeling of euphoria afterwards didn't deminish - i was throughly impressed by Piemaker - I was expecting it to be a but scruffy, and generally a bit on the less savory side of things, but I was wrong.This place is no Simple Simon the Pieman, the pies are all freshly made, delicious and actually have a decent filling in them - unlike some other chain store places. Staff are a bit grumpy, but for how much you talk to them, its not really a problem.I really liked this place, and while Im not generally a pie kind of person, I did enjoy what I ate, and next time I need a pastry infuion, I will be heading here.
4	While I don't quite share Gavin's enthusiasm that Piemaker is the best thing since sliced bread, I do agree that they do a killer sausage roll and I've been known to eat quite a few.I mean, I can't complain really... who doesn't like a good pie? Especially on a cold, winters day when the piping hot filling warms the cockles of your heart. There's a good range of goodies all very reasonable priced and if you're after a light bite for lunch then Piemaker is perfect!
5	I first went to the Piemaker in '05, when visiting my girlfriend on her year abroad in Scotland. I've been waiting ever since to go back. Thankfully, in 2010, it's just as good as I remember. Small shop, plenty of options, all delicious. Seriously, the food here is awesome. I'm a big favorite of the chicken tikka pie. My brothers were all turned onto the delicious wonder that is these pies. If you're in Edinburgh, you cannot leave before going here.
3	The pie maker wins some cool points for the fact that it's built over the Edinburgh Dungeons! Otherwise, the pie I had there was quite mediocre and I feel I need to have venture back there and give them another chance. For one, their menu is so impressive, it wouldn't be fair to judge based on just one experience. Aside from pies, they also serve a variety of smoothies, baguettes and hot subs which look really appetising! The counter initially is quite reminiscent of another favourite of mine, Greggs. However, it's obvious they've got a little sumn sumn going on in the back as well, to be able to provide all they serve on the menu! Super cheap, and a nice place to just grab a bite on the run.
4	Serves many of the same items as Gregg's Bakery- pies, sandwiches, sausage rolls etc but rather than the horrible greasy after taste of Gregg's the food here actually uses real ingredients rather than fat and cardboard.Piemaker also has the bonus of being open til 2am and is a great alternative to kebabs or chips  as you stumble home -no healthier I agree, but at least its more original!Most people go for the takeaway option here but there are a few high tables and stools which are a good place to perch and watch the world go by on Nicholson Street as you tuck into a yummy pie!
4	Oi does loike a good pie oi does. But it's pretty difficult up in Edinburgh unless you want to spend loads getting pub food, or going to the carbon copy bakeries - Greggs etc. Problem solved. Piemaker, just next to Frankenstein's is a great little pie shop. The pastry is good and fluffy, not like that sad stuff that just folds in on itself that you can often get. And the best part is that they use real meat, not just chewy dog food which I'm sure I've had many times before.There are both savoury and sweet pies, but my personal favourites have to be the sausage rolls. Wrapped in a double layer of pastry and seasoned with a good level of spicy pepperiness, they are the best around. As they are open late as well, you have another alternative to pizza paradise when walking back from a night out. Especially good on a cold Edinburgh winter night, when the beer jacket doesn't quite cut it
4	Why anyone would visit Greggs (or "F**king Awful" as I like to call it) after visiting Piemaker, I don't know.Piemaker proves once and for all that pies not just have to be greasy, fatty, prosthetic pastry packets of meat slop. No indeedy not, Piemaker offers fresh, creative pies using good ingredients. It offers a range of vegetarian pies too, for a mere pittance. Okay so the food can still be a touch on the salty side, but the difference between this place and Greggs or even the popular Auld Jock's Pie Shoppe (which don't get me wrong is still decent), is quite something. Maybe I've always just got unlucky in these other places, but Piemaker really does offer good quality snack food for cheap.I used to pop into Piemaker on my way back from the gym when I lived in London Road. To make the long journey more pleasant I would pop in and order, very often, the mushroom pie. Scrumptious!So when I think about it, maybe my admiration for Piemaker stems more from my dislike of similar places, which sort of lowers the standards. Either way it offers a great lunchtime or snack alternative.Recommended!
3	Piemaker is just around the corner from my festival job, which makes it ideal for those scarce moments of freedom where I can go get food.They have a good selection of pies including steak bakes, Mexican vegetable, spinach and cheese, and the list goes on. It is pretty cheap which is great for the very small Festival wage I am on.Piemaker would get an extra star if it wasn't for the permanent stink face of the young, Eastern European girl who works in there. I had to restrain myself from telling her that a please/thank you goes a long long way and if she hated people so much then she should get another job. The rest of the staff are lovely, just watch out for stink face.
5	God I loved this place when I visited Edinburgh. I was a poor traveler who had to watch her pennies. I got the best bang for my buck here. Wish they had a store in New York City; so it goes.
5	Went here on the recommendation of a friend who knows my partner's love of pies.Said partner was in seventh heaven - if it can go in a pie, it goes in a pie in this place. We tried lasagne pies - which are pretty much exactly what you would expect. The discovery of the trip was the 'Tattidog', though - not for the faint hearted - it's sausage, wrapped in fried potato, and probably consists of about 80% grease. Delicious. This is not fine dining, but it is perfect for when you're dashing about from one thing to another, and need something stodgy to keep you going.
5	I need to go back here for more pies! A tiny place on Southbridge with a large selection of hot pies. I had the chicken curry which fell apart because it was so hot and I couldn't handle it. Ended up eating it with a fork which was ok because it was filled with so many goodies. Need to go back and try something else. Small amount of seating but it turns over pretty quickly.
4	We were looking for something quick and authentic. The Piemaker had a constant stream of traffic and seemed to be popular with the locals. We tried a variety of meat pies. Nothing fancy but quite delicious. My son raved about the Tattidog - a hot dog wrapped in mashed potatoes and deep fried.
4	Came here on my husband's birthday for lunch. Yes, birthday lunch at the Pie Maker. We had never been and walked past it many times so we finally decided to stop by after all the great Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed! The place was packed as it was lunch on a weekday and it is near Uni so we got our delicious pies to go. We are vegetarian and, at first, I was afraid they wouldn't have much of a selection for veggies but I was surprised to see they did - much to our delight!We ordered the Mexican veggie, Thai curry veggie, and one that tasted like a chicken pot pie but with no chicken. We thought 3 would be enough and we were wrong - it was way more than enough! We got them to go and went over to the museum and ate our delicious pies on benches while staring at beautiful pieces of art. We only ate 2 of the 3 pies because they were so filling and saved the other one for later. Great prices that can't be beat! 3 pies for less than a fiver!
5	One of the best pies I've ever had
4	Great if you want to grab a quick bite to eat, nice veggie options too!
4	The Scotch Pie for 1 pound was delicious (peppery meat)!! I can't believe it's so cheap since it's sooooo good-a good size with juicy peppery meat!  The 75p bridie was alright and haggis scotch pie was not bad.
4	Oh Mr. Pie Maker, you really know how to do it don't you?Great selection. Even more awesome prices! Sadly, not many places to sit. On the rare occasion that it's a perfect day outside, it makes it nice to grab a pie and sit in a park to enjoy the weather.
5	Cheap, Cheerful and Delicious. Got a "Tattidog" to see what the fuss was about and it delivered. Just wish I stocked up on a few more pies for the dinner - ah well.
4	The Piemaker is simply a great pie shop, with a diverse range of both savory (meat based and veggie options) and sweet pies. The best bit is the price is good (a little more than Greggs for a better pie) meaning that on a winters day a warm pie is a no-brainer as opposed to a sandwich.They open at 9 and offer bacon rolls alongside the pies for breakfast and close at 8 on a weekday (a bit later on the weekend), so if you want some late-ish food that hasn't been fried the Piemaker is a good choice.Overall I am a fan, cheap freshly baked pies, what's not to like!
3	Easy accessible location, especially if you've been shopping by Princes Street.Prices are cheap, for decent quality pies, I've not found it phenomenal but it was enjoyable nonetheless.Doesn't have a lot of seating spaces, so I wouldn't recommend for groups...A place for a quick bite or perhaps takeaway
5	Great selection of savory and sweet pies!
4	Wow. Everything I had here was quite delicious. Pepper steak was seasoned really well and the crust/bread thing was crispy. Also ordered a sausage roll wrapped with potato. That was pretty good, but ketchup definitely helped with it. Apple turnover was definitely a winner for me! On top of that, it was awesome to eat a really tasty and CHEAP meal.
4	Fantastic meat pie! They were about to close and I had enough time to pick up the NY Steak Pie. It's huge and was the perfect late night snack for a long days of walking around Scotland looking at Castles and being a tourist . The shop is small so it's for pickup and carry only. They have a huge selection of meat pies that come in moon shape as well as your typical pie shape. Close to closing time they will run out of pies. I really wanted to try the haggis pie , which has haggis and a layer of potatoes and turnips baked with it aka tatties and nips!
5	When in Scotland, eat meat pies.  My husband and I each had a meat pie (steak & ale for him, steak & veggies for me) and two bottled sodas, plus we split an apple pie for dessert, and our total bill was under 12 pounds.  Delicious food, great value.
5	Absolutely.Fast, well-priced, and generally tasty. Judgement based on large pepper-steak, and their best-selling 1.15 pound scotch pie. Pepper steak is juicy *and* peppery, and comes with a decent crust. I may be slightly biased by deprivation of such pastries in central Germany.Not much seating in the store-front, although you would want to savor them inside since they'll get cold quickly out.
5	Awesome place to get really good, really cheap pies. I lived in a flat above this place and ate here all the time as a result.
3	Have been going to Piemaker for a good few years but to be honest I don't really know why. Ok, on the positive side they have probably the broadest range of pies in Edinburgh and are of a good size, reasonably priced with reasonably priced cakes and muffins of a decent size too. The negatives, I've never had a fresh pie out of the oven from here, it's always been lukewarm (I don't want it warmed up in the microwave that ruins the pastry!). I usually go for the chunky vegetable with tastes a bit bland and sort of like a chunky cup a soup  in a pie, (also the pastry is really thick and doughy.)Also I had an absoloutely terrible vegetable soup from here which had  overcooked vegetables and soup that reminded me of the soup I used to get for free out of the vending machine at work.So, yeah why do I keep going? Not sure. Probably because it's conveniently located, and you get a decent amount of food for not a huge amount of money and you can sit in.However, it could be so much more. They seem to concentrate too much on having a large range of pies rather than on quality. By far the best meat pies I've had recently have come from humble, local butchers. Just decent solid, meat filled pasties, bridies, nothing fancy, no 'moroccan vegetables' Or Cajun chicken's, just well seasoned, well filled pies. It's not rocket science surely. Quality ingredients, simply cooked = good pies, simples! But I'll probably be back, because you can't sit in in greggs.I've given it 3 stars, but  would have given 2.5 if I could.
5	Well pie maker doesn't need an exhaustive review given their name in Edinburgh for pies. They have variety but I can eat only veg over here my favourite is Moroccan vegetables pie and apple pie.
5	This is a small hole in the wall place right off South Bridge Street.  They have very little seating at the front door, possibly enough room for six or so people Max.   They serve all kinds of pies and rolls.   Both sweet and savory, what ever tickles your fancy.   I have stopped in here a couple of times.  The staff are super friendly and helpful when I am questioning them and asking for their opinions.   I have to say their Scotch pie is my favorite.  It is some kind of minced meat pie that looks like a mini quiche.  The savory pies are like a mixture of a pot pie and a hot pocket, for those folks from the states.   These are like I would imagine Sweeney Todd made minus the human part.   The pies have a great flaky light crust  like a puff pastry.  Truly melts in your mouth.   The price is super cheap.  So for a pound or two you get to have a great portable lunch.  I really wish they had these in the states.   Stop in if passing and grab you a few to go.   They even have some vegetarian and vegan pies.  If you aren't hungry at the time you are passing...They sell them frozen as well so you can take them home to enjoy.
4	Good value pasties - Haggis rolls, scotch pies and Bridies to name a few. The Brides were only 90pence yesterday, really good value. Forget the fast food chains and get something you will remember about a trip to Auld Reekie, this is a good place.
5	Nice ham roll. Very tasty. It's very convenient to take away and the price is satisfied.
4	It is what it is a pie shop, and it just so happens to be inexpensive, centrally located and great. I don't think there are many food items that us Scots don't turn into a pie at some point and Piemaker is no exception with its haggis, curry, lasagne etc offerings. This is our mid point after work booze session place. You finished work didn't have dinner and now the evening has some legs on it, so this is where you head.Plus points- inexpensive- friendly staff- good food, in a few pints in drunken way (I have never eaten here sober) - seems to be open latish- veggies are well catered forMinus..... I don't have any.
