4	Buccleuch Place, located just behind George Square, is a street which hosts the hustle and bustle of the student community of Edinburgh University. As the university owns many of the buildings, Buccleuch Place has become a favourite location for tutorials and classes when rooms cannot be found in the usual, more popular areas. And when you go to these tutorials, you will find, like I did, that the rooms will possibly have a slanted floor, are small and have a random assortment of chairs! Many of the staircases in the buildings and steep and do not have disabled access. The buildings are architecturally stunning, and the cobbled street really does top it off. Located in the street is the University's Career Service and furthermore many smaller departments are located in the street (including the department of Scottish History). Parking is available, but you have to pay during the day and normally it is very busy. Also, some students are lucky enough to have flats on this road, so private leases are available. A great street, and one which is admired by all who walk through it.
4	Buccleuch Place is another Edinburgh University hub. It's tucked right behind George Square, and is where most students have tutorials, or where the academics' offices are. This square is where the old buildings still stand. The University didn't manage to get to it and replace the buildings with modernist 60s concrete blocks. At least on the side closest to the Meadows. The other side is where the David Hume Tower, the George Square Library and the old anthropology building live. There isn't much else there but academic offices, Rotato and Press Coffee, though both Rotato and Press Coffee used to be great little independent shops: Press Coffee being a former second-hand bookshop and Rotato, the former vegetarian cafe called Harlequins, where they made the best sandwiches and the best soup.
3	Yeah, yeah there's all kinds of character going on here. The streets are cobbled and the building feel totally unsafe as all buildings full of character should. And it was a nice place for the English department before we got our swanky new facilities. AND there's Press Coffee and Rotato at the end, both excellent. However, there is something I noticed which always struck me as a bit odd. All the old buildings that house the various departments have steps to get up to them. Some of them are in the basement, so they have steps down. And it's only the careers service that has a wheelchair lift. So basically, if you're in a wheelchair you can get advice about your career but you can't learn to get the qualifications you require. It all seems a bit weird. Aside from that, it's a lovely street, but that surely has to be rectified?
3	Classrooms are dated...Is overflow from George Square...Cobble and stone charm...
