3	Hit or Miss. They are short handed every night so delivery can be hella slow. The place also closes very early. Before 11.
3	It's Pizza Hut, so it doesn't taste better or worse than anything I've had from other locations.  I used the online ordering system, and thankfully  I did because it seemed like they were running behind on calls when I came to pick-up my pizza.Online told me the pizza would be ready at 7:10ish, I arrived at 7:18 and it still took a few minutes for it to come out, not a big deal, but I thought I was safe coming later.  Other than that I'll order from here again, it's close and they have stuffed crust pizza!
4	Love their cheesy stuffed crust pizza! And my friend says they got the best hot wings in town :)
5	Called in an order for carry out. Bobby was super polite and helpful even with my picky order. I arrived 10mins later and the order was almost done already only had to wait a couple mins. Plus they got the order right which most places screw up. Super happy that this is the location near my new place.
2	This place is messing the name of Pizza Hut.  Horrible pizza and not even baked. Called and complained about it that the pizza was dougy and not baked and not hot either.  They were happy to get us a new pizza and that was no good either.  Something is not right at this location.
1	i always eat at pizza hut but this was not a good location me and my friends got pizza chicken and cheese stiicks and one of them got really sick and whats makes this even worse we came back to complain and we saw a roach that was it for me i would never come to this location ever again i have no idea how they got a safety award for 2013 must have been a mistake stay away from this pizza hut location.
5	I order from the app and the pizza is always on time and never a problem. Very consistent and they put like a garlic salt on the crust....oh, its so good!
1	You'd think they'd all be the same, or similar.I ordered for delivery online on their site. The guy gets here 45 mins later (no biggie there, if you're busy, you're busy... but you did say it was only going to be 30, this is NOT the reason for the bad rating though), and calls me from the street. I can't hardly understand him so I tell him where the entrance to my apt complex is and give him the gate code. He insists I come out to the street and get it and says a bunch of stuff I can't understand. So I get dressed and walk all the way out there (it's a pretty big complex). I ask him why he didn't just bring it to my apt and he's saying something about he's NOT ALLOWED to come in here, like our complex has been blacklisted or something... lmao.Look, it's a bad neighborhood, I'm not going to lie. But you're really going to charge me extra to have it "delivered", then still make me get dressed and walk all that way to get it? If you're "not allowed" to come in here, then how come it was never a problem in the past? I've had it delivered to my door here several times this year. AND TO TOP IT OFF,  IT WAS COLD. Last time I ever order from them again.
