5	A family run business that even brings its dogs to work sometimes.They even take off a week or two in the summer for vacation and close the doors, showing money isn't everything to them and if they can't be there to run it themselves, they'd rather close the shop temporarily. I got an incredible price on a timing belt and water pump some years back. PA is also open on Saturdays and can do alignments (which many mechanics sub out).Bizarre location and parking is a bit cumbersome. You could probably make the long walk to Wal-Mart or hop a bus through Guadalupe to Mills Mall if your vehicle's going to be a while. Walking distance from Phase 54 too. I guess that does you no good though unless this place is open late at night.
5	I`ve had work done by this shop a few times thruoghout the past few years. My latest experience was when my sons car broke its timing belt and needed substantial repairs. Bob informed us that he could move the car out of the way in his lot to be safely stored until we decided whether we wanted to fix it or not. This is just one of the reasons why I`ll always bring my business to him.
5	If you are looking for a good auto shop run by nice, honest people, look no further.  This is the best shop I have ever dealt with.  Bob and Dorie Corrette are simply the best.  A great example:  We took my wife's car in because it was making a weird noise.  Bob told us that the brake shop (which will go unnamed) that had recently worked on her brakes had messed something up and sent us back to them to get it fixed.  No Charge!  I cannot recommend Priemier enough.
5	AWESOME! This place is fantastic! This first auto repair that the labor didn't cost more than the parts.I got a car that wasn't used for 2 years and didn't run. Bob recommended a towing service. After checking my car found out it needed a new engine, Bob had found one and gave me a quote of parts and labor, I thought it was very reasonable.I knew that the car needed new spark plugs, antifreeze and oil change before I took the car in. Those additional items were take care of and I also needed a fuel pump.Since the car had been sitting for 2 years, the gas in the tank was bad. They removed the old gas and added 2 new gallons of gas.I already recommended this place to my niece as well as any others that live in the area.I will take all of my cars here for repairs from now on.
5	I had gone to Brake Masters with a coupon for brake work. They were going to charge me $90. just to check it.Once again, this place is amazing. Had a noise with the brakes, it was minor work and the bleed the breaks. NO CHARGE.Very friendly people that are down to earth and will give additional advice on work that needs to be done, no up sale just being real!I will take my car's here for any issue that I have from now on.
5	No reason to make this a long winded review... Best shop I've ever been to.  I work one mile away and they had a guy drive me to work when I dropped off in the AM.  I must say, fantastic customer service and amazing repair shop.  Just use this place.
5	I took my 10 year old jeep into Premier after taking it to a Jeep dealer and getting it back in worse condition than when I took it in.  And of course, the Jeep dealer said they didn't cause all the new engine problems.  A colleague recommended Premier and I asked them to determine what was causing the engine noises and body and tire damage.  The folks at Premier brought my beloved Jeep back up to the excellent condition in which I had always maintained it.No more dealers for me.  I highly recommended the folks at Premier.  Finding an honest, dependable auto repairshop is a security blanket.
5	Bob and Dory are great.  They always do a good job at a fair price.  I have been taking all of my families cars there for about 10 years now.  They have never pissed me off and thats not easy.
5	A coworker recommend this shop a year ago and I only wish I found Bob years ago.  My son took his car into  Premier Automotive after getting a quote for over $2800 from one of those franchise repair shops. Bob looked the car over only to find out it didn't need half of what the other shop said it needed.  $1500 savings!   Shortly after that, I had my car in 2-3 times for various problems.  Each time I was treated as if I was driving a brand new Mercedes and not a 12 year old Honda.   I always walk out of Premier Automotive never questioning if I was over charged or if repairs were done that didn't need to be done.  As a woman, I've always been very fearful of mechanics but no more since finding Premier Automotive.   100% class act business !
5	took my 78 chevy truck into this shop to get it tuned to pass emissions. Bob is a great guy funny and friendly, there techs are knowledgeable and all around some good people. i would recommend this shop to anyone looking for any sort of work done to their vehicle.
5	We have been taking all of our family cars to Premier Auto for years.  We used other local independent shops in the past and were happy enough,  but since our very first visit to Bob and Dorie we have been thrilled with the service, the price and most importantly the quality of work-year after year.We take current toyotas, a 25 year old pontiac and our old mustang to Bob.  All get detailed/thorough service, fixing only what is having a problem at the time.  I never feel as though I'm being up-sold for additional work.  Bob and Dorie have been able to adjust the amount of work to fit our budget, which is very helpful to us.  It makes us feel good supporting a local, neighborhood business/family, and I believe they feel the same about taking care of their customers in the same way.  They are super friendly and helpful, even when talking "mechanical" to us.
