5	Pedritos ALWAYS has great and fresh food.  The owner is usually there cooking everything so you know it's good.  I especially like the quesadillas for the kids and you can't go wrong with ANYTHING on the menu.
5	Pedritos is awesome! Love the food, always fresh and made to order. Employees and owner are super nice. Always go in for their $1.99 huge breakfast burritos. Fave thing there: chile relleno burrito... yummy!
5	Pedrito is awesome!  He serves his authentic Mexican dishes with a smile.  Check him out at POOL at the corner of Main and Stapley in Mesa too.
4	I popped in a few minutes before closing time and grabbed two carnitas tacos. I was pleasantly surprised. The tacos were of good size, the meat was of good quality and it was a tasty meal. They had green and red hot sauce - both were tasty, but without a lot of heat, which was fine for that evening. Can't wait to go back and try some other dishes.
5	For a whole in the wall place, I loved it! Honestly, I almost walked out to go try somewhere else. But I read the prior yelp reviews and hoped for the best. It was well worth it. I got a Shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada combo with all rice, not a huge bean fan of any sorts. It was awesome served on a real plate restaurant style. Plenty of lettuce and tomato on the side as a sort of extra side. The enchilada sauce was delicious and very authentic, could tell it was home made and didn't have Cinnamon in it, if there was any there, I couldn't tell. Some homemade sauces have too much Cinnamon. I left wishing this was closer to where I lived but I will find an excuse to come back for sure. If you are craving Mexican food and are in the area, be sure to check this little gem out. It beats the pants off of Filberto's and even some nicer Mexican restaurants. They even serve coke in the bottle, yum!
5	Good!  Try it & don't be a douche 'tourist" when your there.
5	We had breakfast burritos. They were AHmazing. Hole in the wall feel, but legitimate Mexican taste. Very nice, small, and authentic, quick Mexican food. If I lived there I'd be there every morning.
4	This place is a hole in the wall in every way.  If you blink while driving you might miss it, but I drive by four Filiberto's to get here and get out of the car because the Breakfast burritos are some of the best I've had. Someone on here recommended the Machaca and they were right. Tacos are really good- street style like the DF. Pastor which can be fatty is leaner and a larger chop than a lot of places, but wish it has pineapple. Minus star is for issues you find at a lot of hole in the walls- mediocre service, sign says they have a special but then they say they don't have it today, no salt packets because supposedly they weren't delivered, salsa bar not restocked, ripped booth covers- of course most of that can be avoided if you just order take out. The food is worth it. Plus Giant burger is just a few doors down and you can pick up a slice of pie :).
2	I must live in an alternate universe. I went to Pedtritos hoping (based on the reviews here) for a good, simple inexpensive meal. It was inexpensive and simple, but bleh! My friend and I went twice, ordering different things each time. The meat in the buritos and enchiladas was dry (and looked 2 days old) and the taste of everything but the chorizo was on par with eating something like a hot pocket. I don't intend to go back
3	Wasn't overly impressed in a town with this many mexican food joints it was pretty typical food wise.  Atmosphere would be lacking service is so so..
3	Wasn't overly impressed in a town with this many mexican food joints it was pretty typical food wise.
2	Food was so-so. Carne Asada burrito I ordered came with beans which I wasn't expecting. I would suggest Filibertos over this place. You won't have to wait for your food for 30 minutes like I did and the food will probably be leaps and bounds better.
1	The lesson learned here... You can't always trust 4 stars! So I'm going to take it down a notch. We only tried the breakfast burrito (no meat diet at the moment) so my review of the food may be off as far as flavor but you can do a lot with beans, eggs, cheese & potatoes and they just didn't. Not to mention, we waited over 20 Minutes for our order of 2 burritos! They did apologize & offer free soft drinks, but come on people. Maybe they were dealing with the cockroach that had scurried across the floor? Or the obviously under-age worker who checked us out (10-11 year old boy) We won't be eating here again!
5	The street tacos/$.99 special tacos are where its at. For a year, id only get the carne asada ones. I was hooked.....until they came out with $.75 chicken tacos.  So tasty...i literally crave them every couple days. And having a filling meal for under $5? No need to ask me twice!
