4	I love this store-up front parking, clean carts and fresh popped popcorn right when you enter. they have the sales ads posted so you can gameplan. The aisles are wide, they have lots of helpful employees and the prices are reasonable. PLUS its in a great location with Wal Mart,Sams Club, 99 cent store, and Radio Shack right across the street if theres something you cant find
3	Compared to the other Target I go to, it's smaller in selection of items I browse like the clothing, dog stuff and baby items (I have a niece on the way). Still this is the most convenient one being right by work so I tend up here more than the Target Greatland by my house. I suppose it's A-OK even though I'm a fan of Target. Hey, it beats Wal-Mart anyday.
4	I have to admit, because there is a 24-hour Walmart located across the street, I don't shop at this Target very often. However, every once in a while Walmart is out of stock on things I need to buy. So what do I do? Drive across the street to Target! This has actually happened quite a bit lately, so thank you Target for being there for me!The store is clean and their merchandise is always well organized. Also, it's not crazy crowded inside like how Walmart can be sometimes, so I feel more relaxed when I am shopping here. The pharmacy staff is great as well. They helped me transfer my prescription from California and they did it fast!For some reason I thought that Walmart had the best prices in town, but I noticed that Target has been steppin' it up and lowering their prices on many things. Another reason for me to shop here more often!
4	I couldn't even tell you how many times I've commented on someone's cute shirt/dress/outfit and have them respond with "OMG I got it at Target last time I was in the States!". We don't have Target in Canada (yet), and for some reason I've never gone on previous trips to the U.S., so now was the time!Sigh, it was such a wonderful experience. I obviously can't compare this store to other Targets, but I found it to be very clean, open and quiet! Nothing was out of place or on the ground, etc. And not busy at all. We went on a Saturday later morning... granted it was Easter, but there was hardly anyone else there. I also noticed they weren't playing any background music. The whole shopping trip was kind of surreal and soothing (haha!). I didn't feel frazzled or irritated or tired like I usually do after shopping at the mall for a little bit.Pretty decent selection of clothes. I feel like this store doesn't have as much as some of the others, but I still got a lot of stuff. I couldn't believe how cheap the makeup was, either. Mascara that I get in Canada for $11 was only $5-$6 - score!! I ended up spending $300US and got a TON of stuff. I dealt with a lady at the change rooms, and a lady at the checkout. Both were really pleasant, and the girl at the checkout was really friendly and talkative, and even gave me a reusable bag for free just because I asked if they had them! Overall great experience. great prices, really well maintained store, very nice staff and sweet deals!
4	It might be older and have a limited selection in some aspects, but their seasonal catalog is amazing. I walked through their Christmas section making a checklist one day while killing some time. They keep everything well organized and it was easy to peruse the aisles. The prices are reasonable and you can easily decorate a house on a budget. Target is notorious for good quality at bargain prices. Being farther away from my house, I don't usually come as often, but I would make a stop after Christmas to stock up on deals that didn't sell.
4	I like this Target store, because it hardly ever is super crowded (probably 3rd visited in my roster)- you can tell from the parking lot (maybe because Wal-Mart is across the way in the large shopping center), and if I'm searching specifically for seasonal sale items, I usually am very lucky in getting them here. The last time we came here (this was a couple months ago), it was dead; it was about 15 minutes to closing. So, parking, shopping and checkout was easy. I love Target stores and prefer this chain to Wal-Mart. You can find toiletries (large selection), beauty products, vitamins, electronics, housewares, children's toys, and food here. Also, on the receipts, a health item is notated, which makes it easier for declaring this on your taxes.
2	I'm not a huge fan of Target. Sure, they're cleaner than wal-mart but that extra bit of tidyness doesn't make up for the prices. The products are always quality but the staff is not very helpful and they seem to be a little under-knowledged about their stores.
2	You would think all Targets are almost the same but no it's not. This Target is a bit pricey compare to the other Targets I been too. Also they won't price match with the other Targets which is stupid. I told them to call the other Target and price match it and they wouldn't. So I just went to another Target that did. but the store is clean and bright. Workers are ok not super friendly but not nasty just OK.
4	The store is a little bit small but I like it because it's quite in their!!
5	I've been to 3 Targets in Vegas and in order of preference: 1) Rainbow Blvd: easy parking, store's never crowded, Greenland Market is across the street (so I sometimes just walk to/from Greenland to buy what I need)2) Charleston Blvd: conveniently on the way to Summerlin Costco but this Target and its parking lot can get crowded since it's in a strip mall3) Decatur Blvd: I don't care for the clientele
3	I actually like the one on Charleston better, only because it has more selection.  This store is probably one of the smallest ones I've been to and that being said, it has ... less stuff.However, I do shop here a bit since it's across the street from Sam's Club so it's easy to do all my errand runs right together.  Yes, I do a Target run with Sam's Club... what of it??!  I like it better than Walmart.  Don't hate.Decently stocked.The outside could use some fresh paint or something, since the area just reminds me of the days when K-mart was going out.   Outside of that, it's a decent shopping experience.
5	Clean store. Wide isles. Friendly staff. Quiet shopping experience.
1	Everyone in this store is clueless!
3	When I visit a Target, it's not because I have a necessary item that I need to buy. It's because I wanan walk around and find things that I don't need to get. I come here at least once a week. Just wander around like a lost little puppy. It's quiet, clean, and they usually have merchandise that the other Target stores would run out of.Holidays are the best they have amazing Target brand stuff. Summer, Hollah-ween, and Hollah-day Season. You've got extra cash? Splurge a little at Target.
3	Typical Target.  Limited food selection, decent electronics and clothing selection.  Staff isn't super friendly but not what I'd call rude either.  I could take it or leave it.
5	Walking into Target located on 3550 S. Rainbow always gives me the feeling of peace. I know I'm going to find what I want and probably even something I don't want.I've been going to this Target for at least 10 years. One thing Vegans know is how difficult it is for a business to stay consistent for any length of time.Well, let me tell you Target achieves that status. This is a store that never disappoints...whether you get seduced by the Jewelry counter or the adorable girls section at the front of the store. Target is one of the smartest arranged places to shop. Your shopping experience will be efficient and delightful with plenty of parking...A great big shout out for Target or Tarzhay (as some people call it)!
4	It's Target. Definitely nicer than Wally World but pretty much your standard Target.
2	I love Target, but this one is not my favorite. It's like any other Target, but it just seems old and in need of a refresh. With all the other Targets around town that are getting remodeled with the new grocery section, this one is lacking the newness of all the other ones. There are always carts everywhere in the parking lot, like no one wants to go outside and get them. And as for the employees, where are they? I can't seem to locate anyone when I am looking for something. As for the cashiers I have encountered, they look like they hate their jobs and act like you are bothering them when you get into their check out lane. I come here when I am on this side of town and need something, but this is not the Target that I will be frequenting anytime soon.
3	Weak Target compared to most; grocery selection is minimal, aisles aren't very well organized, employees not terribly helpful.  Stopped in here to pick up some odds n' ends but eventually ended up heading over to Wal-Mart which says plenty...
4	I love this Target, never really crowded much here since I either go to this one or the Blue Diamond. I like the way the parking is set up here, I don't feel flustered entering into this target. Although it IS one of the smaller targets, with no Starbucks, or much of a produce section I still think this target is worth checking out if you're looking for something specific or simply leisurely looking around. I always end up walking out of the store with at least one thing. It's target how can you go wrong! They price match with amazon which is a cool thing. I think target is always a better route than Walmart which is by the way across the street. I just love the way everything is laid out, how the sections are organized, and how peaceful it is in here. It just gives me this warm feeling while I shop around that makes me want to take my time browsing through everything. The lines for checkout aren't that bad. They try to accommodate as much people as possible, and they do keep their store and bathrooms pretty clean.
5	Had a return that I couldn't find the receipt for. Since I had used my  card they returned it no questions asked. I was in and out in less that 15 min.
3	Like most women, I'm a fan of Target. If the store brand were a band that went on tour, I'd be right up with the rest of them, throwing my panties on stage.But this location is a little odd. It's right across from Koreatown and when we went around 4PM there were literally seventeen cars in the parking lot. So if you want to avoid a crowd, this might be the one to go to.However, what is missing in customers is also missing in staff and selection. Store layout is a little odd, and the first thing you see when you walk in is the little food court area- which zero people went to while we were there. The store also lacks a produce department- they would probably increase their customers if they replaced the snack stand with a fresh produce area. But that's my completely unprofessional opinion.Usually I can spend my weight in cash on the women's fashion department, but here nothing was styled or really on display and nothing caught my eye- a rarity for Target stores.Found the basic items we needed, at prices we expect for this chain, but was just underwhelmed. Other reviews say this location feels vaguely dirty, and I see what they mean but I can't put my finger on why- it's not physically dirty, but the lighting seems a little dim and the store itself just isn't as cheerful as other locations.Service was okay- we were stuck in line behind a couple who racked up a $200+ bill but couldn't seem to figure out which combination of credit cards and cash would cover their purchases. Cashier graciously offered to have us check out ahead of them while previous customers got their payment together, but we declined. Throughout our visit, saw staff cleaning and reorganizing, and when we couldn't find specific items they were quick to tell us where to find them.
3	This is definitely not my favorite Target in town, but I end up here more often than not out of sheer convenience. They are on the smaller side and not always well-stocked, but are pretty organized. The store never seems to be overly crowded which is a big selling point for me. Their clearance sections tend to be pretty well-stocked as well.
4	I am normally a Walmart shopper because of the prices, but latley I dont eeven wanna deal with going there so i stopped by my local Target.  I do not know if its because of the credit card breech but they're prices were just as low and some lower then Walmart!!! There was hardley anyone in the store I was in and out in like 15 min!!!!!!!!!!! Loved it!!!! If this keeps up I will continrue to shop at Target.
5	Target has the cutest clothes and shoes for my baby girl. They always have new items that are easy to find and not to pricey.
4	This Target is really well kept, the aisles are spacious and, for the most part, everything is where it should be. It's clean and quiet. Honestly, silence is so golden. The employees were kind and courteous even 15 minutes before close which is often times not the case in retail. We went in today to look at their Halloween section and although they didn't have much in the way of decor, they had some really cool Halloween themed drinks, and foods. We walked out with a couple scores just as they were locking the doors. (Look at me, I'm a poet now.)
1	Sucks! Wanted to do baby registry. They tell me to do at kiosk. After create password. It said password not match. Asking for help. Nothing we can do at the store. You have to call the hotline!! Why I'm here for!?!
4	Love this Target because:1. Aisles are wide and no junky racks2. Plenty of easy parking and I don't have to dodge the crazy drivers just trying to walk to the entrance3. Clean clean clean inside4. Fast checkout5. Quiet and not crowded. Notice how it's the exact opposite of Walmart?One small complaint. Why are the seasonal items waaaay in the back?  I understand you don't want to crowd the front but isn't there a happy medium?  Move shoes and underwear to the back and bring the seasonals closer to the middle.  You can't even tell what holiday it is when walking in and I myself want to feel the spirit of whatever time of year it is. C'mon it might make me spend more. I've been shopping here for 25 yrs and even tho it's more expensive than Walmart across the street the shopping experience is 100% better.
4	This review is truly based on service. Of all the Targets I have been to in town, this location has the best customer service. Staff was helpful and friendly. Even with the holiday rush, their service exceeded my expectations. This isn't my usual Target, but I came here for a toy that was sold out at all their other locations and online. So overall, I had a great experience.
