5	World Market Center Las Vegas is a dynamic new showcase for the home and hospitality contract furnishings industry in the heart of Las Vegas, the fastest-growing home furnishings market in the country.When fully completed, World Market Center Las Vegas will have more than 12 million square feet of state-of-the-art exhibit space in 8 buildings on 57 contiguous acres in downtown Las Vegas. All segments of the industry will be together on one mega-campus, making it the largest, most comprehensive, most accessible showroom and convention complex in the industry.But the home furnishing industry doesn't have to wait for completion in order to appreciate World Market Center's many advantages. With the debut of Las Vegas Market in July of 2005, World Market Center gave the entire industry what they'd been asking for: a world-class Market with state-of-the-art facilities, exceptional market representation, ultra-convenience, easy access, cutting-edge technology and unprecedented amenities--all in a city with an unrivaled reputation for fun, excitement and hospitality.Fall 2009 event starts September 14-17,2009www.lasvegasmarket.com
1	Despite their advertisement to the contrary, they are NOT open to the public.  Sure the public can get a limited access pass to walk around, but the Las Vegas Market staff did not bother to talk to the furniture companies they host before making their dishonest proclamation.  Almost none of the vendors will sell to the public, and that is if you are lucky enough to find someone manning the showroom.  The few that do sell to the public do so through an in-house "designer" which means they'll tack on an 18% mark-up on whatever you buy.So, unless you are in the industry or have a friend who is, don't waste your time.
5	This is where the trend starts. Not in glitzy magazines. This awe inspiring spectacle of a market is larger than life. It is surreal when you stand at ground zero and witness the massive scale of these 3 monuments. Now imagine the buildings are filled with endless rows of showrooms of every designer imaginable. Open rarely to the public, when you do get a chance to visit, you will be inspired. With that intro, IF you can visit, here are some tips:1. Think of this excursion as like visiting a museum.2. Go with someone with a license. You will surely get ripped off trying to buy on your own if you can even buy on your own at all.3. Be prepared to walk. I mean walk. These buildings are massive and the real estate spands miles. 4. Don't be disappointed if you didn't find anything to buy. The fact that you are the few rare people to witness fashion at its prime is an honor.
5	This place is M-A-S-S-I-V-E.....literally millions of sq feet of Home Decor, Furniture, and everything you can think of to decorate an interior.  The key to this place is to get yourself a business license or go along with someone who has one, then find yourself a few good sales reps so they can get you access.If you are looking to buy something for your personal use, 70-80% of the companies in this place will not allow you to place really small orders.  Most have a minimum purchase requirement, which is where your friend with a business license comes into play.  If they have a legit order going through, then you can piggyback it and get yourself a few things at wholesale.Here's another tip - Go about 4 to 6 weeks before a Furniture Show, which they have 2 to 3 times per year.  The reason for this is because the companies will redesign their floorspace and the designers are told to liquidate in some cases up to 100% of the showroom.....what that means is that oftentimes you will find products here up to 90% below wholesale....seriously.  You just have to know the right people.  In some cases you can buy an entire showroom for $5,000-$10,000....where you get $50,000-$60,000 worth of merchandise (wholesale value).Another crazy thing that happens here before shows is that whatever product can't be liquidated will get thrown away.  There are designated aisles for trash inside the building....so, what happens is that designers will place the old merchandise in these aisles to be thrown out.  There is nothing wrong with these items, but they have to be liquidated to make room for the new product lines.  If you're lucky and you know the right people and are there at the right time, you can pick up some really good, expensive stuff for FREE!  I know because I've done it many times.Lucky for me, I know a few sales reps who sell product lines I like.  They call me when it's liquidation time.  I love it!Will I return?  You bet your a$$!
5	THIS PLACE IS HUGE!3 buildings, helllllla floors.I was here for the Furniture Expo and wow, SO NICE. Each floor was displayed neatly and nicely. The staff at the WMC is super classy and highly trained to be professionals.  There would be one or two people slacking off, but overall, they are pretty good. Parking is good.Buildings are fancy.Everything is so clean.This place is pretty nice. I would definitely go here again for any other EXPO and Show.
5	World market center is where national and international furniture stores shop for new inventory and hot trends in home decor.  The manufacturers housed in these buildings determine what you will be seeing in your local retail store.  The furniture convention comes to these buildings twice a year for a week at a time and during the convention the buildings are packed with people from around the world.  During the rest of the year,  the buildings (I believe the bottom floors) are open only  to the trade. Also, there is a high end restaurant located in one of the buildings that is open year-round and has fantastic reviews here on Yelp.
5	I helped set up a Project Dinner Table event in building B of the World Market Center and wow! What a gem they have hidden here in terms of meeting space. I've heard conflicting information on whether or not this place is open to the public and was told while setting up that it is. The one area I'd definitely want access to is the terrace where we were setting up. It overlooks downtown and part of the south end of town and would be a great setting for a wedding/reception.Looking forward to going back and checking it out again if it really is open to the public!
5	I'm one of the electricians that do 80% of the showrooms here.  World Market Center is a huge place that consist of 3 buildings that showcases that latest of furnitures of all kind that you can't find anywhere else.  Some are affordable but the majority of the stuff you find here are for those that don't ask for prices.It's mistaken that it's not open to the public which is false.  The 1st and 2nd floor are always open to the public but the reason the rest of the floors aren't open to the public is because these showrooms are actually only open about 2 weeks out of the year and the purpose is just to display its latest furniture from different designers.  Don't mistake it as a retail store.  The majority of the rooms here are just for displays and aren't purchasable.There is also a hidden restaurant here that people don't know about, called Cafe Mundo which specializes on latin dishes.  I have never been to it but it has very good reviews on yelp.  A very nice place to take that special someone.This place is huge and you can easily get lost, but there are security guards everywhere that are always ready to help.  The architectural design of this building is also nice.  Check this place out, I'm sure you'll find something you'll like.
5	One of the coolest places in Vegas! I definitely loved furniture shopping here. They have EVERYTHING. The shops are located in the 1st and 2nd floor of building A and 1st floor of building C. There are styles for everybody: from modern, wild and flashy celebrity, vintage, east coast old money, to california beach house styles. In addition to that, they have specialty stores that focus on sofas, solid wood furniture, pillows, paintings, rugs, chandeliers, and much much more. Some vendors allow you to buy and bargain directly with them while others require you to go through a designer. If you need a designer, their office is located next to mundo.  Prices here are much lower than retail stores. Also, it seems like delivery charge to out of state could be reasonable. Check out this place and be inspired by all the design! Also if you need a snack, head over to Mundo for great happy hour deals!
4	THIS PLACE IS HUGE. I've only been to smaller design centers but never 3 full buildings of this. Trust me, you wont believe it. I was dropping by some showrooms to shop for our shop in CA and walked through all three buildings only hitting a few floors on each one. Most of them are out of town and only come during a show so you're lucked out if you arent there are the right time.
5	If you want to know about all the upcoming furniture trends, go here.  For two weeks a year, every notable furniture manufacturer in the U.S. opens their Las Vegas showrooms.  What results is masses of interior designers and buyers descending on Las Vegas.  Everything you could want to buy and more is located in the three massive buildings.  There is so much stuff that it is impossible to visit every store.But, the real reason to go to Las Vegas Market is the alcohol.  If you can get a pass, you will have access to so much free alcohol and food.  I was drunk and full by 10:30 a.m. everyday.  Free champagne, wine, and sangria, hell ya!Unfortunately, the rest of the year, the majority of market is closed to the public.  You can, however, visit the showrooms on first two floors in buildings A and C (no free liquor, though).  And, if you want to buy anything in those showrooms, visit the LV Design Center.  A designer can then hook you up.
5	OMG if you haven't had the pleasure of getting to the Sky terrace I would highly recommend it cause it is AWESOME! Attend a business event in which I had the distinct pleasure of meeting the champ Sugar Ray Leonard.  The views are spectacular!
5	Those ominous buildings jutting out of the Las Vegas desert in downtown have always made people scratch their heads and wonder, "What's inside?"For those that have actually decided to see for themselves, a treasure of home furnishings awaits.  Situated within 5 million square feet of space, are thousands of "showrooms" filled with everything from sectional sofas, dining room tables, mattresses, wall mirrors, hanging chandeliers, floor coverings and anything else you could possibly want to have in your home.  Problem is, unless you are in the home furnishings industry or a licensed interior designer, you will never get to see the latest and greatest in furniture ideas.  The campus is only open to those within this trade...and they do it twice a year as manufacturers showcase their latest, brightest, hippest ideas to furniture buyers.It certainly is an absolute experience to be a part of the semi-annual events, as World Market Center comes to life playing host to 50,000+ home furnishing buyers who all want to be witness to see what's new, what's trending and what will be a huge seller in their own retail stores.One can still get an inside "peek" at the inside of these buildings as the Las Vegas Design Center is open in the lower floors of Buildings A and C.  The architectural design is purely mind-blowing and you're able to see some of those showrooms display their enticing furnishing items...opening your mind to a whole new world of design.  The Design Center is open M-F from 10-5.Happy Discovering!
4	I could be in here all day! Absolutely stunning pieces!
1	This place is a MASSIVE GHOST TOWN! I was there today during "the open to the public" days and it was dismal. There were more people in the restaurant than in all 3 buildings combined. I am a designer and this was my first visit to the Design Center. Thank god I did not have a client with me, I would have been mortified at the lack of choices and vacant spaces. Extremely disappointing. What a waste!
5	Came here for a Business Expo and this venue was BEAUTIFUL! Parking was ample in the self parking garage and the staff and security were all nice.. I didn't have much time to explore but it's huge with a few different buildings and many floors.. They also have a large parking lot where they sometimes hold events.. HOT TIP: Valet is always offered by the main entrance.. But the self parking garage is not that far of a walk~
2	Three huge buildings and three tents with only about 15% occupancy. Mostly home furnishings. But cool ideas.They have a very long way to go to reach the same status as the Dallas World Market or Denver World Marketplace.
4	Since moving to Vegas, I always wondered "what the heck is in THAT building?" Is it a prison? Are there spaceships from Area 51 in there?For such a large, all wall, no windows building with few people and cars near/around it; friends and family never could answer that question for me.Luckily, I was able to experience one of Las Vegas Market's conventions. I dressed up for the occasion in my best business suit and heels. And trust me, I was regretting those heels once I walked a couple floors of their showrooms -- Turns out it's two 16-story buildings with, at least, 7 furniture showrooms on each floor; building A is a measly 10 stories.Each of three building specializes in various aspects of interior design - lighting, rugs, furniture, pillows, artwork. Anything and everything you could think of. My mind was blown at how much was in these buildings/floors. You never realize how much goes into the making of something (especially a home) until you're thrown into its midst.Surely a fun and exciting experience for me and I can't wait for the next show in 6 months.OH, and there's tons of free drinks and food during LVMkt.
