4	Recently visited Food Express in Palace Station Casino.  It's now in its new location.  The restaurant is smaller.  They only have 2 large round tables and one long table for 8 people.  They have several tables for 2 to 4 people.The food is still good.  We had dinner items from the Chinese Menu.  Try the Lamb Pot with fu-yee sauce.  The lamb was so tender, it just fell off the bone.  We also had the Ginger and Scallion Chicken, Steamed Sea Bass, Green Beans with black bean sauce, and a seaweed soup.The wait staff is a hit and miss.  Some of them are really nice but there's one waiter who's a little on the gruff side.
3	Not too bad. This place was overpriced, probably because they have to pay lots of rent to palace station. If you read the other ratings from the other location (before they moved) people kept recommending the spicy salty pork chops, so I had to give them a try. Not so good (C), and salty.  There is another dish, the seafood combination stir fry that was actually not so good (D). For seafood combination the hot pot was good (A). The scallion/ginger chicken was also good (A). Green beans were also good (A).  So if you go, make sure you order the right foods.  Due to the price, this place gets only 3 stars.
3	The Husband had been raving about the fabulous Chinese food from Food Express, so imagine his dismay when they had closed down! Imagine his delight when he discovered they relocated to the Palace Station.  As a result, prices have gone up!  Sure the decor and ambiance is probably a lot nicer than their former location, but I'm not so sure if the change is good.I had the Vegetarian Chow Fun, which was pretty pricey from what I recall.  It was standard, not a huge amount and there was limited veggies in it.  I thought it was authentic, but not worth what I paid.The Husband had the Won Ton Mein and again, it was fine.  But still pretty pricey.  The bill for both items was a little over $18, not including tip.Overall, we didn't get to order a whole lot to really experience what Food Express has to offer and I can't say if the new one is as good as the old one.  But then again, the menu prices looked a bit more than what I would like to have paid for Chinese food.
2	The move from the Decatur location to here was a bad decision.  The restaurant is smaller, patrons have to fight the ciggy smoke, and service was so bad.  The interior is a lot smaller than their old location.  They at least retained the same chefs as my boyfriend recognized one of them.  The food was ok, but it was $2-3 more than the old location.  Also, to make the place classier, they had a leaky roof with 2 buckets and a caution wet floor sign in the middle of the room.  It amazed me that they allowed people to be next to the leaky roof, and then the maintenance guys came on in to fix it.  I guess late is better than never.  A note here, I think they were trying to be fancy by giving rice in individual bowls instead of just serving a rice pot. I did not like this because on top of the bad service, we had to wait for our rice bowls to be refilled.  We managed that because I waved my empty rice bowl in the air and yelled "more rice please!"  The manager refilled our bowls.No one refilled our tea pot until we were done with our meal.  Then two waiters came by and checked it within 5 minutes of each other.  I would have given this place 1 star for horrible location, expensive food, smaller portions, and bad service, but the Ginger and scallion oysters in the clay pot added another star.  It was cooked perfectly with crispy edges, and sweet succulent, and tender insides of the oyster.As a local here in vegas, the best chinese food here is still KJ's kitchen on spring mtn rd.  It's also $1-2 cheaper, but way better food.
4	It's Christmas day and my mom just picked me up from the airport. We're en route to our hotel, but I complain that I'm starving and my grandma has to use the restroom after the 3.5 hour drive from LA. A quick exit off the freeway leads us to the Palace Station. We took a quick walk around and see an ominous sign that simply says "chinese food" with an arrow underneath. You can't go wrong with Chinese food right??I'm a little suspicious because it's a little restaurant that looks out of place right in the middle of a casino. I have to admit, I was pleasantly surprised by the food! We had yang chow fried rice, salt & pepper pork chops and won ton noodle soup. Everything was really well done and freshly made. The service was also friendly and quick and our teas and water were constantly refilled. Yes, the prices were maybe a $1 or $2 high, but it is located in a hotel after all. Don't let the weird "Food Express" name scare you away - the food is really pretty good and worth the trip into the hotel to eat.
4	The food here was surprisingly good! I arrived to my room at the Palace Station Hotel/Casino, dropped off my stuff then hit the gym for an hour and a half. I worked up a pretty good appetite so I stopped by the Chinese restaurant in the Casino and ordered the beef chow fun with gravy to go. I have to give it to this place, it was a lot better than I had expected it would be. There was plenty of beef and chinese broccoli in it and tasty ho fun noodles all stir fried with a thick gravy. Delish!I totally recommend stopping by here and checking it out if you're around this casino.
3	Typical chinese restaurant. I was hoping to eat Chang's, but they've apparently have closed down already. The food was your typical chinese food. I got the crispy noddle. I think they had put way too much starch, because the sauce was really thick and I didn't like it that much. I think the food is do-able for Chinese folks though.
5	This place has some of the best Salt and Pepper Pork Chops I've ever had.  Every time we stay at Palace Station, we eat here.  It's authentic, tasty, and worth every penny.   It's a must!  I even have my local friends meet us there to eat.  It's just that good.  I've had the Kung Pao's Chicken and Shrimp, Spicy Beef, Moo Shu, Salt and Pepper Pork Chops, BBQ Pork, Chow Meins, and Sweet and Sour Chicken, etc.  Last time, we had the Mongolian Beef and Salt and Pepper Pork Chops and it was perfect.  Spicy, but not too much.  Well seasoned.  Perfectly cooked.  Decent size portions.  And fast, courteous service.  I've never been disappointed.It's not a big restaurant so it's usually busy.  They serve til 2am on most nights and do take out til 3am.  I make sure to take a little break from gambling to eat.  Also, I make sure to save a few pieces of the Salt and Pepper Pork Chops, so I can nibble when I continue gambling.
2	Hmm, don't know what happened at this location.  I had the pot stickers and sizzling seafood but did not leave full.  The pot stickers were OK, but the seafood was not so sizzling.  In fact, it should be renamed garlic sauce peas in a pod with seafood garnish. I got rice, about the size of my fist.  On top of the blah food, somehow they managed to screw up their check setup.  First, don't have an AMEX cardholder if you don't take AMEX.  Don't use a MGM Grand pen in Palace Station.  Finally, don't have your check machine calculate 25% tip (it did have 15 and 20), it's presumptuous.
4	Decent. Comparable to most Chinese places. Nothing great but filling and decent prices.  Service was good.
1	This place is horrible since the owner changed to Food Express! The prices have risen since then. I would understand if the food was outstanding or if it was an upscale restaurant, but please, its nowhere close. The food quality has degraded to levels worst than I can describe. The food that came out was so cold and tasteless we couldn't even eat it. The waiters and including the manager treated us like 3rd class citizens. These people even charged us $1.50 per bowl of rice. We had to remind them 3 times before they even delivered it to us. Our dishes all came out before our rice was even served. They used to give you hot dessert after your meal, but not anymore. I would advise not to come here even if you were playing table games, if they comp you or give you half off. You're better off driving to Chinatown and going to HK Star for a authentic and worthwhile experience. This place ruined our night.
4	This used to be the old Booger Kink - ahem, Burger King - at the Palace Station years ago. Food's decent, especially if you have a hankering for Chinese chow.
4	I'd recommend this place to anyone. Food is as good as places you would find in any chinatown and I've visited many. Maybe its because stuff taste better after you've lost all your money but I always look forward to eating here when I'm at the Palace Station.My girlfriend likes it and she doesn't even like chinese food. But be forewarned, this is an authentic chinese restaurant so don't expect nice uniforms or even english speaking employees. I once seen a guy, must have been the cook, walk out the back and sit at one of the tables workin a toothpick in his mouth. WTF!?!? Like I say, its a chinese restaurant. You go here for the food and that's all.
2	"Much smaller place than expected. " That was my first thought when I saw the place. But oh well. Met with some friends here and they already chose the items to order for dinner because we had a comp. Ended up getting lobster (so not worth the money!), sea bass clay pot (yum!), oysters on sizzling plate (so not worth it! It was chewy and barely any oysters anyways) and also peking duck... which I guess was decent. They didn't even give us any plum sauce for the duck, just the hoisin for the skin in the buns.Service sucked. Had to ask for water a couple times and they couldn't even just bring one per person and had to ask how many glasses. And same with rice. Which chinese food doesn't give you rice with dinner?!? So for that they asked how many bowls also.Most chinese restaurants bring you a dessert after the meal (not additional cost or anything.) but they did not do that here. It was near impossible to even get the check! In such a small restaurant that seems to be fully staffed on a not very busy day, service really sucked!Food was average... and I don't even know the prices since it was comped. I would not recommend this place for Chinese.
4	My family went here after touring the casinos and the grand canyon.  We were tired and looking for some Chinese food since that is the only thing my mother will eat.She ordered some battered fish, which tasted surprising good for a restaurant in a casino, fairly authentic taste and it had the right amount of spiciness.  The mussels were good, not too fishy, just right.  We also had some fried rice with seafood.Overall, definitely recommended and a good place to go for some authentic Chinese food.
3	If you play long enough you can get a free meal comped =).  My friends and I love to play at Palace Station.  We played for several hours and the dealers kept insisting that we get a comped meal.  We asked the pit boss and sure enough our meals were comped.  We received a 40 dollar coupon and went on to eat at Food Express.We were the first ones here, shows how early it was.  They had barely opened I guess.  We ordered three dishes.  The bbq pork noodles, bbq pork fried rice, and the Fuh jin fried rice (at least that's how they spelled it).  Food was alright not bad at all, portion is normal, and service is quick.  They came back to refill our drinks without asking.
3	While staying in Vegas, we were told this was a good Chinese Restaurant.However, this was not the case. The service was very slow. I even had to get up to get the bill.  They only had about 4 tables going in the whole place. The food was high priced for a very low key place.  THe worst part though, it was not very good at all.My girlfriend really loves Asian food, so she was really disappointed.But, hey what can you do. We did not read the reviews before we went. This is why you should always check with Yelp!
4	My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place at the Palace Station when I found out that our original destination, The Oyster Bar, is only 21 and up plus a long wait. I like that this place is open late, or else we woulda had no where else to go, walking distance at least. The food was actually pretty good and very inexpensive. They had a late night menu for 4.99 per entree. My boyfriend and I had the chow mein, kung pao chicken, and hot & sour soup. They all tasted very authentic. In my opinion, I think people are being too harsh on this place, especially about their service. But really, at a Chinese restaurant, you should never expect good service. That's just the way it is. Although, at least the food comes out quick and makes up for it.
1	Don't ever go to this location (Palace Station)! The food is good, though the service is terrible. I was a repeat customer here. One time me and a buddy were hanging out for just a few minutes after eating and the bill was still sitting there in the middle of the table (we didn't take care of it yet). Our payment would've been slightly visible and to the side if it was ready. An employee comes by; instead of asking "may I take care of this," she just opens the bill holder looking for payment (like "where's my money"), closes it without smiling, and walks away without saying anything. So strange. Felt a bit rushed! Shaking my head.. I don't remember the prior service during that meal being that great either; that last bit was the dagger. I definitely won't be coming back!On a positive note, I can't say enough good things about their other location on Sahara and Decatur. Top notch food (same, maybe even better) and service, I think cheaper as well (even after this place's discount). Avoid this one and I recommend driving to the other spot, just a few minutes away!
1	I'm pretty sure this establishment does not correctly handle their food. I went here with my mom and brother during our trip to Vegas and thanks to this place, it made it the worst Vegas trip I've ever been on. After eating two of their dishes, my mom, brother and I found ourselves with paramedics at 4 A.M. in our hotel room, rushing to the E.R. at Valley Hospital due to severe food poisoning. Although the food tasted good, the extreme stomach cramps, internal bleeding, unpleasant trips to the restroom and $1,000+ medical bills ARE NOT worth it.
