3	Super Cheap and Great Deals! The food is not the most flavorful but oh it is cheap. Tacos for .49 cents and burritos for .59 cents you cannot beat the price if you are hungry and on a budget. They have good deals too like 12 tacos for 5.88 and trump Taco Bell on food size. Also they are the only Fast Food place I know or that offers Mr. Pibb!
4	No complaints.  49 cents for a taco in insane, but I'll take it.  Staff was friendly and service was prompt.   A quick lunch for two for less than 6 bucks.  Can't beat that.
2	Food was good typical del taco but service was slow I only got my food because I went up and mad dogged the girl who took my order. I won't be coming back to this location.
4	It shouldn't be possible to get 4 stars for a budget Mexican fast food place. However, they do such a good job of it. They are fast when I dine in. They are friendly and the place is clean. They even take Isis payments. The seafood taco's are far better than expected. Some other dishes are pretty good.I know. I know. It looks like I'm getting soft in my reviews. It's not true. If I'm going to grade on how well a place does compared to what they say they do, this is four star.
4	This place is always good for a quick, cheap meal. I love their iced coffee here. Pretty tasty and it's only a buck! Staff is friendly and when the lunch rush comes in, they step it up to get everyone in and out fast.
4	Ok, I know, its a chain, but I gotta give kudos to these guys for at least putting out a better product than Taco Bell. Yes, I said it, Del Taco has the edge in the fast food taco chain competition. Go ahead, shake your head at me. But once I start spewing out good points, you'll be shaking your head in agreement once im done.First off, every DT I know has its drive thru open 24 hours. I dont know how many times these guys have rescued me from a horrible ordeal with the munchies late at night and into the early hours.As for the food items. Come on. For every new failed product that TB has put out, DT has always had the same quality ingredients and that includes new products as well. Did I mention the shrimp and fish tacos? Carne Asada? Shredded Beef? Carnitas? Hello? Tap, tap, tap. Is this mic on?I like how if you want the biggest size all you have say is macho! You know, the biggest you can get. Macho Nachos, Macho Burritos, Macho Drinks, Macho Fries, etc. What does TB do? They call their stuff XL, XXL, and XXXL. I have tried a bunch of their so called XXXL stuff. They hardly put any steak or chicken in their items and if im not mistaken, it doesnt even taste like real meat.Specials? Well DT has 3 tacos for 1.09 on tuesday nights and I think 3 chicken tacos for 2 bucks on thursdays. TB? They got some kind of happy hour thing with some of their stuff for only a dollar. That is probably the only thing that I might mention TB as worthy.Service? The chances of me getting lousy service at TB are much higher than at DT. This is based off of all trips between both guys.Heck, even the desserts are way better at DT and im not even gonna go there.So there you go. Coming from southern California and now living in Las Vegas, Del Taco is the shiz when it comes to the battle of the fast food taco chain war.Yelp 2014 365 Review #102
5	Great burritos...surprisingly better than Taco bell!  This was my first intro to DelTaco.  Highly recommend.
