4	We visited Menchie's for it's Grand Opening March 25th & 26th. Menchie was there with balloons, t-shirts, face painting, stickers, tattoos  and of course the great yogurt!!There were a great number of flavors including all of our favorites and several others!  The pomegranate/raspberry sorbet was awesome! The toppings were full and very fresh, especially for the number of customers. We had a great time, tasty yogurt, friendly staff, we look forward to our next Menchie's trip!
4	@menchiesyogurt Menchies is where a mench goes when they have the munchies. Menchies is where menches go when they want to see other menches munching munchies. You may find menches mumbling while munching Menchies munches many many times. My main munch for this mench at Menchies was chocolate hazelnut and red velvet and peanut butter. With some pecans on top. A small portion, thank you. Sincerely, Menchies Munching Mench Man Zay gezunt ps please consult an online urban dictionary or Yiddish dictionary for definitions of words in this review. Also you may try @yiddish_slang
3	Very tasty.  Seems a little more expensive and a little fewer choices, but still yummy.
4	My friend took me to Menchies when I was visiting in Colorado.  When I returned home I could not stop thinking about Menchie's.  So I was thrilled to find one in Arizona.  I love the TART flavors.  I also LOVE all the fresh cut fruit.  I even drove 30 minutes (one way) to get there and waited an hour until they opened.  Yes an HOUR, in the Arizona summer HEAT.  That is how much I love Menchies.  I tried another fro yo place just a couple miles from my house but it just wasn't doing it for me.  I was disappointed they were out of mochi topping but that won't stop me from going back.
3	The yogurt is good, and they have a decent variety from which to choose (both yogurt flavors as well as toppings).  I really liked the sorbet flavors they have.  Prices are okay, although it could be a little more affordable.   This location needs more indoor table seating through.
1	We stopped by Menchies this evening around 7pm and we weren't even sure the store was open because there was no one minding the shop. Ten seconds after we walked in an employee came out from the back took our orders then disapperared into the back room again.I don't know if she was the manager or what. (It didn't appear that anyone else was working there.) All I know is that if I was her employer I'd want to know that she was not doing her job very well. Bad 1st impression. We will not be going back.
3	Had froyo here this week with some new friends and we enjoyed ourselves.  It was a weekday evening, so there was no crowd; staff gals were friendly and helpful; The offerings were good tasty except for the Mudpie which I thought was disgusting... I did have Kokomo this week also (I know, tisk tisk tisk on me for 2x/week froyo runs) and their coconut was WAY better than the coconut here at Menchies.BTW - what the heck is "Menchies" - like Munchies and Men??? Weird name.Toppings were on par and I liked how they had walnuts (which Kokomo doesn't have). Overall OK.  PS, this place is .41c/oz - that's cheaper than some Chandler .49c/oz.
