3	Lame! Went there for the deal on soda and free water. They said no coupon no water...Lame! Printed one off of the Internet and went back. At first they said no, then I suggested that they just take it as it doen not say anywhere not to. The cashier all of sudden he miraculously pulled out a coupon of his own, scanned the UPC code, and let me have my water! Yes, plus the other water I was previously denied. Now that is what I am talking about! Reel customer (me) service. Getting things done and not making me act like a Big Richard! I am sure that Mr. Sears went out of his way to recruit, retain, and please his customers.
5	Rosanne was Awesome! No she knows all about customer service! How do I know? Because we talked about it. Albertsons is lucky to have someone of Rosanne's caliber working for them. She talks the talk and walks the walks!  Albertsons had a crazy sale on Soda...4 12packs for$ 8.88 + a free case of water. The selection was picked through each day I was there. I got a few sodas and Roxanne offered me a rain check for my favorite flavors.
4	I like albertsons with the self check kiosks.  I hate the fact that not all of them have them like this one for instance. I am not anti social i just feel i get the job done faster on my own since ive had more than 3 years experience in groceries previously.  What i did happen to love though is that once in a blue moon alberstons has an amazing deal and random acts of great customer service like the other day hence the review the service came from a guy that worked in the meat department.Not every day someone approaches you when you really need help or have questions and do not have to find someone to help you.  Wasn't the case this time. He approached me! AWESOME!
4	This Albertson's is such an improvement on the other store that is located on Rural and Guadalupe.  Big, open store with wide aisles.  Clean and stocked well.Went in today for several sale items and was pleased to see that they had the items in stock.Friendly employee who rang my order.
5	Great prices and very friendly staff. The staff is helpful, I needed something they walked me right to it. I am impressed on the selection and prices. I won't shop anywhere else but here. Parking lot is clean and restrooms too!
1	This place is an absolute joke. A lot of the employees are incompetent, rude, and just plain don't care. The manager is clueless which might explain a lot of the other problems.I have never seen a store sell so much food that is way past expiration date. If you tell them it quickly becomes obvious that they do not care.Be careful if you use the bakery because apparently the "bakers" don't understand that when you remove bread from the oven you are just supposed to let it cool before wrapping it, and not let it sit for hours exposed to open air. You can get "fresh" bread that was just recently baked and still have it be like two day old bread! If you happen to mention that you could fracture someone's skull with the bread they are highly offended.Good luck trying to pay the actual cost of items in this store. It's amazing how many "mistakes" they make in their pricing, and the "mistakes" are always to their advantage. If they ring up the wrong price on an item and you show them that the price on the shelf is different, it is likely that they will tell you someone forgot to remove the old price tag. There is a LOT of forgetting in this store. You may well have a problem trying to figure out the actual price of an item given that they have so many schemes where they display a price prominently like it is the actual price, only to find that there is small print that explains all of the conditions that have to be met before you will get that price. It's quite obvious that they make a lot of money off of people buying stuff that they thought was lower in price.  As an added bonus, this store must have some of the highest prices in a grocery store anywhere. They put stuff on sale that is still much higher than normal prices at another store.Want to withdraw cash with your ATM card at the register? They offer up to $100 for your convenience. However, if you should actually try to get cash back you will likely find that you will be given all fives and the cashier will be none too happy about it. Question them on why they offer up to $100 dollar ATM withdrawals but don't have sufficient change and are unhappy about you doing so? I have had three completely different answers to this question from three different employees. Including one employee telling me that the problem doesn't exist!Waiting in a long line happens all too frequently because they have no self checkout and only one cashier most of the time.The reviews here on this store are puzzling, to say the least. Apart from the fact that many online reviews are questionable now because of "reviews" from people with ties to the business, some of the reviews seem to be based on one single visit and or incident. Saying that an employee said "Hi" to you and asked you if you needed help is hardly justification for posting a good review for the store. I know of an employee at this store who was great, but sadly seems to be gone now. Even when she was there it was nowhere near enough to change our overall experience of this store. I have been to this store (as a secondary choice) extensively for years just because it is so close to where we live, but I have had enough. This review is based on a LOT of visits. People are doing consumers a disservice when they post frivolous reviews that are extremely misleading. Give this store the treatment it deserves and stay away.
