4	We have taken dry cleaning to Apollo's twice now. The first time we went we took 3 dresses, one silk shirt, and 4 button down shirts. Everything came back perfectly and they were ready the day after my husband dropped them off. The bill was about $45 for all of that.On Saturday morning, I dropped off 2 dresses, one suit jacket, and 1 button up shirt. One of the dresses required a rip to be sewn up which they were able to take care of. All of the items except for the ripped dress were available for pickup on Monday and the ripped dress was fixed and ready for pickup on Wednesday. I couldn't be happier that my one dress was able to be repaired and Apollo's did a fantastic job. The total for those four items came to $38.The woman who is always working when I go in is very friendly and lovely to chat with. I haven't been to other dry cleaners here in the Valley, so I don't know how the prices compare, but Apollo's is quick, has good hours, and is convenient to where we live. It's located in the shopping center across from the Safeway on the corner of Broadway and Rural Roads. They are open Monday-Saturday, closed on Sundays. During the week they are open until 7 pm and on Saturdays from 9-5.
1	I hadn't brought anything to Apollo Cleaners for a long time, and now I remember why.   I brought in a wool blanket and the person I gave it to, wasn't sure they could clean it.  She told me they would call and let me know.   Weeks went by, they never called so I stopped by.  They gave it back to me on a hanger and wanted $18.    They may have pressed it, but it was hardly cleaned and THEY NEVER CALLED.If you need cleaning, find another cleaner.   Poor customer service, questionable processes.
4	There isn't a lot you can say about a dry cleaners, they clean your clothes and have them finished on time. Their charges are in line with what other cleaners charge as well. In my mind what sets them apart from others are the owners. They are there working almost every day. They remember my name and greet me every time I come in. They also do repairs and alterations as well and are eco-friendly. If you have an item they don't think is worth the effort because of the type of stain or the repair wont look good they recommend you don't do it and save your money. I like frequenting local businesses who appreciate my business, are honest, and go out of their way to make sure I have a pleasant experience. They have all of these qualities in spades.
4	I've been taking my cleaning to Apollo Cleaners for  years.  When I moved about 3 years ago I tried another place that was closer to my home and work, and was sorely disappointed. Now I drive the extra mile, or 5, to take my cleaning to Apollo's.  They use environmentally friendly cleaning, so my clothes don't smell like chemicals when I pick them up.  The service is always friendly and courteous, and on the several occasions when the owner or his wife have been working the counter they seem genuinely appreciative of my business.  As long as I live in Phoenix, this is where I'll take my laundry, regardless of the distance.Suggestion: Take your spare metal hangers with you for recycling.
5	We've been with Apollo Cleaners for 10 years and are consistently super pleased with the service and the delightful people we deal with.  Patrick and Cathy are committed to being green and sustainable in their business and it gives me peace of mind to know our clothing has been cleaned chemical-free!  The turn-around is fantastic!  And I am always impressed that Patrick remembers our names.  That's so important in building customer loyalty!  "Where everybody knows your name" as they sang in Cheers!
5	I have been going to Apollo Cleaners for years now.  They always have done a good job and get my items back quick.  I use them for minor alterations and repairs and have never had a problem.  Their prices are good and I would highly recommend them!
5	Have brought all my clothes here, I have gotten alterations done here, and when I left some a shirt there for 60 days the owner called me and let me know, for 1 shirt! thats service.
1	I won't be back. Last time I dropped off my clothes, the girl behind the counter asked if I had unbuttoned all of my buttons, including my cuffs. It was then that I noticed another customer going through all his shirts to check his buttons. The employee informed me that she has been spending too much time checking everybodys buttons so we had to check them before leaving our laundry. Not that I mind checking and making her job easier, but 1) There had never been a sign or request for this before, and all but my cuffs were unbuttoned 2) She made me feel like a child who had done something wrong 3) It's her job, not mine. I'm the customer and I was made to feel foolish. It would have been much more appropriate to place a sign, or to state, "Going forward, please be sure all of your buttons are unbuttoned."When I picked up my laundry the same girl was there again and I asked about the previous owners. Apparently she is their daughter and is being groomed to take over. She is a very negative person and needs to learn basic lessons in customer service. On the bright side, no more driving to Tempe for my dry cleaning; I can find bad service anywhere.
4	I've been going here for a couple of years and they have been great. A few times I've needed to drop off / pick up the same day and they would have it all ready for me. Alterations are made on site so I can drop off clothes that I need dry cleaned and hemmed at the same time. Also, they are great for delicate and / or expensive clothes that you don't want to try to attempt to wash yourself.
5	I have been a customer of Apollo Cleaners for about 2 years now, and the service has been great. Very friendly staff, cheapest rates in town and my clothes are usually ready for pick up the following day. Very pleased!!
4	The customer service that Patrick and his staff shows is awesome!  It is hard to find a dry cleaner you can trust and I really appreciate the extra step that Patrick goes through to make sure his customers are happy.  Thank you for saving my suit!
5	Apollo cleaners is the best dry cleaning company in Tempe.  They have outstanding customer service, competitive pricing, and great owners.  They make supporting a local business easy.  I would recommend them to anyone.
1	I went there today to drop off a slip cover for an expensive Italian chair I bought from Copenhagen, and the owner would not wash it due to there being dog hair present on the item.  I own a very short hair dog that does not shed very much but stated that any presence of dog hair he would not accept!  Ummmmm, call me crazy but I brought it to you to clean and remove?  Would not recommend went to another cleaner around the corner and they didn't' say anything.  Geez get over yourself buddy!
5	Fast and reliable service, friendly staff, and great prices!  Everything about Apollo Cleaners keeps me coming back.  I highly recommend them to anyone who wants to remove laundry from their to-do list or to receive premium care for a special piece of clothing.
1	Worst customer service every , girl I believe her name was mally , blonde girl in her twenties treated me like an *sshole , I will never go back again .I came in on a Friday and she said your clothes will be ready on Monday , at first I said no I need them the next day please and she said that there is no way I ll get them to you and I was very calm and I asked why there is always different rules here and she said that she feels like im going to push her over and that I'm disrespecting her and that she ll do me a favor and get one shirt ready Monday morning and the rest after 3 pm , poor service in general . I took my clothes and went to another cleaner which accommodate my request with a smile and I got 10% off for being first time customer. That girl needs to learn basic customer service and learn that we customer pay her and should be treated with respect .
5	Apollo Cleaners is the best! I have lived in Tempe for over three years and have not found a cleaner that I trust more with my clothes.  The staff knows my name and greets me upon entry.  They provide a quick and dependable service! Doesn't get much better than them!
5	This is your home town cleaners.  The staff usually remembers my name and they are always friendly.  I haven't check around to compare prices, but the price that I pay always seems fair.  It is also in a super convenient location.
5	I started using Apollo Cleaners when I worked on the Tempe campus because they are environmentally friendly.  When I started working downtown (living in Chandler) I stayed with Apollo and continue to drive many miles out my way because they have the best customer service I have ever experienced at a dry cleaners.
1	I had such a bad experience with this dry cleaner that I've literally been thinking about writing this review for months--now that my Yelp account is up and running, this business is first on my list of reviews to write.The customer service was extremely poor -- the business is advertised as a "1 hr Cleaner" -- per their own sign-- and when I requested that a suit be cleaned by the following day, the girl working behind the desk gave me a really hard time, saying it would be difficult, etc., etc. What the heck? Are you a one hour cleaner or not? After some back and forth, we established that my suit would be clean by the next day.Then, as she was looking through my pile of clothes she just handed me back a tank top that had a small stain, simply saying "she wouldn't be able to get it out." I'm sorry, but the reason I bring stained clothes to the dry cleaner is so they can at least attempt to take the stain out -- if they've tried and failed, that's fine. But handing me back a shirt after a cursory glance and flat-out telling me it's ruined isn't exactly a best effort.Needless to say, I left this dry cleaner with a sour taste in my mouth. Just all-around bad customer service and mediocre dry-cleaning.
5	My blouse had a sweat stain which did not removed from another shop. I brought it to apollo and guess what, they removed it like a new!The sweat stain was there quite a long time, and I'm so happy that these guys did their best to resolve my issue!
1	Horrible customer service. Didnt make the repair i dropped a pair of pants off for. Came in with cash and the owner couldnt make change as "everyone" uses a card!?!Sent me away to get change. Horrible. Never go back.
5	it is fairly easy to find a good dry cleaners in the city. however, it is not as easy to find any business with great customer service. apollos is the perfect dry cleaner because they are good people doing a great job. i am proud to use apollos as my dry cleaner.
4	They did a good job cleaning a coat where other places wouldn't be able to take it.The reason I took off one star is because the owner originally quoted me $12 and the next day when I picked it up he said $15. It's not the problem with it being $3, the problem is that he did not stick with the quote that he said, he blamed it on a long day of work and did not correctly measure the length of the coat at first. If he told me it was an error, but he would stick with the previous price then that would've been great.
5	I asked if they could have my clothes dry cleaned a day early. No ifs ands or buts about it. I love this place.
