4	'Twas Wednesday night before Thanksgiving and the airport was a zoo...We picked up my sis nonetheless, like any good family would do.We were hungry for something different and perhaps something new...Finally a decision was made to head to Tottie's Asian Fusion 2!Fresh spring rolls, Totties Rolls, Soup, Eggplant, Curry, and Rice...We shared a bunch of tasty dishes and the atmosphere was beyond nice.--Enough of the rhyme, I just have to declare my love for Tottie!  She's the sweetest lady and a damn good chef.  You cannot go wrong at either location.  This new one is located inside the Lincoln Village Shops by Trader Joe's and Fogo De Chao.  Tottie's is our go-to place for Chinese, Thai, and Vietnamese... some of our favorite dishes are the panang curry, spicy eggplant, and pad seu eu, but we've never had anything from Tottie's that we didn't like.  Next time you're craving anything Asian, go to one of Tottie's restaurants - you can't go wrong!And for weekday lunch specials on Tuesday through Friday (11am - 3pm), Tottie's offers entrees served with steamed rice and a house salad starting at just $6.50 - such a deal!
5	Although this Tottie's location has been open just a few months, it's time for an update... We've already been a handful of times and never been disappointed.  Tottie and her staff are extremely attentive and friendly every visit.  And the food... well, I could eat here all of the time and it would never get old!  Although our 'old standby' dishes are consistently cooked just right, we often try to order something new.  Tonight we shared the sizzle rice soup and a noodle dish that we'd never tried before... it had chow fun noodles, broccoli, bok choy, carrots, in a brown sauce.  It was delicious!Despite being full, we also ended up trying the banana pudding... and it was the perfect sweet ending to the meal and the long day!  Each bite had just the right amount of banana, mochi, ice cream, and who knows what other surprises, but it was damn good!***One last reason for an update: the shopping center is still undergoing major construction.  Do no let that deter you from going in.  Tottie's is staying open through it all!
5	"Cook with love, cook like you mean it." These are wise words coming from hard working local chef and restaurateur Tottie Kaya. After several visits to her latest outpost, Tottie's Asian Fusion 2, I'm thoroughly convinced that she cooks some of the best Asian food in town.Her latest outlet is located at Lincoln Village near the intersection of Scottsdale Road and Lincoln Boulevard. The space she chose has been at least 3 different restaurants that I know of, the last being an Italian eatery. The owners of Lincoln Village are spending millions to make sure that the buildings are more accessible and observed from the street. To help guarantee her latest venture will be successful, she uses feng shui to create and direct a balance of energy in the space. Not only is their a sense of volume with the high ceilings, but the dark wood floor and furniture speak a casual elegance that will invite you to linger over a ochoko of sake.It's an Asian tour menu featuring items from Thailand, Vietnam and China. "Each dish has a balance, salty, sweet, sour, umami" as Tottie described when talking about her dishes. High quality ingredients are sourced through local purveyors including multi-weekly trips to LeeLee Asian Market for amazingly fresh basil and other essential herbs. These flavors come through with every bite as you make your way through a plate of Tottie Rolls ($7.50). Crispy deep fried rolls filled with a mixture of ground pork. Many of the appetizers are interactive, in this case you wrap a roll in a lettuce leaf with added cilantro and mint. Then dip into Tottie's version of the Vietnamese condiment nc chm, a slightly sweet vinaigrette dipping sauce. The all so tender Sugarcane Chicken ($9.95) gets the same hands on treatment. Minced chicken meatballs skewered onto sugarcane but this time you dip into an out of this world peanut sauce. If peanut sauce is your thing, don't miss out on the ultra moist Chicken Satay ($6.50). Both come with a flaming pot to add an additional element of crispiness and char to each piece, thoughtful.Tottie's mastery of balance and presentation is apparent in the Sizzling Rice Soup ($7.95). Hot toasted rice is poured over a large serving of stock including vegetables and shrimp; creating a loud sizzle that will turn the heads of fellow diners. The flavors of this dish are mild and delightful but the key to pure enjoyment is the contrast in textures. Adding a small spoonful of the house made chili oil adds heat and a slight toasty sweetness.Salad lovers will enjoy the bright and sweet Mango Shrimp Salad ($11.50). This salad is piled with large tender crustaceans and sliced mango seasoned with ginger, mint and lemon. The classic Vietnamese salad Bun Tom ($9.50) is paid a loving tribute. A large bowl filled with rice noodles and charbroiled pork, shrimp, Tottie rolls, lettuce and mint is so light, yet oh so satisfying.Noodle addicts can rejoice with the chewy chow fun laden Pad Kee Mao, with your choice of chicken ($9.95), beef ($10.50) and shrimp ($11.95). You indicate your level of heat from mild to spicy however the sauteed vegetables add crunch and cool. If you you'd prefer to go all out order Tottie's Pan Fried Noodles ($11.95). A massive pile of egg noodles are fried crispy on the outside tender on the inside are covered with veggies, beef, chicken and shrimp. The light brown sauce does a great job getting into every nook and cranny of the noodle cavern.There are also Chinamerican dishes offered for those seeking comfort classics such as General Tao's Chicken ($9.95), Kung Pao Beef ($10.50) and Shrimp with Garlic Sauce ($11.95). If you don't see something on the menu that suits you completely, just ask and they can make adjustments for dietary restrictions and allergies. Tottie is an expert at preparing meals on the fly or if you're not sure what you'd like to have, just leave it to her and she will take great care to make sure you have something tasty.Desserts seem sinful and richly decedent, though surprisingly are all dairy free. You'd never know after a taste of her smooth and luscious ice creams; all made with coconut milk. She makes 8 flavors and flavors do change often, to get the most out of a visit we ordered the House-Made Ice Cream Sampler ($12.95) which has 8 different flavors. Favorites were the coconut, pineapple, avocado and the intense Vietnamese coffee, but I did find myself licking the bowl clean of the rocky road. For something not quite as rich the Pumpkin Custard ($6.50) not only clears up any residual spicy heat from dinner but felt like good healthy eating. That feeling of healthful lightness also comes when ordering the freshly sliced Mango with Sticky Rice ($6.50). Sweet and tender mango resting on top of sticky and chewy rice with a drizzle of sweetened coconut milk was a delight.While Tottie's most certainly has great service and killer food, it's her heart, soul and passion that goes into this place that makes it truly stand out.
5	I was recently introduced to the lair of lusciousness known as Totties by my good buddy (and fellow Yelper) Alexander C.  Alex had been to Totties Asian Fusion II very recently and was so impressed (believe me, this guy is discerning, so for him to give something a thumb's up -- you'd best believe it) that he organized an outing/evening for like 10 big ol' bears of men for a sake bomber happy hour & dinner.   See Alexander's review for exact details and descriptions of what we ordered and ate, but I'm going to make this review short & sweet.Tottie's rocks. The service was impeccable.  Tottie herself came to our table and made special recommendations on food.  I've never felt so attended to by a restaurateur before.  This lady knows her stuff in the front of the house, but even more so, she can cook her petite Asian ass off.  EVERYTHING we had was amazing and her Thom Kha Kai soup blew my socks off.  I crave....for days...The parking lot's a little wonky now during construction, but it's a small price to pay for this level of amazing food.  We were 10 hungry heffers when we arrived (not one of us under 200 pounds, so you know we like to eat) and no one walked outta the place hungry or needing ANYTHING.  Service & food to the max.  I applaud Tottie for opening a second killer location and I thank Alex for introducing us to this amazing pocket of awesomeness deliciousness!
5	Had a wonderful lunch here last Sunday. When first driving in we were worried it was not open due to all of the construction happening in front of the building but lucky for us it was.This restaurant has a beautiful feel as soon as you walk in. The vibrant colors, decorations and bamboo really make a lovely atmosphere.We ordered Tottie's Fried Rice which is a combination of shrimp, chicken and beef as well as the Crispy Chicken with Thai Basil both very tasty. The standout of the meal was definitely the Soft Shell Crab Fresh Spring Rolls which were the most delicious rice paper rolls I have had in a long time!I tried a Japanese beer with the meal which was also very good and my husband had a Thai beer which he loved. This turns out to be the last beer I will be having for a very long time as I just found out I am pregnant.....glad I went out with a tasty beer! lolThe dessert menu looked amazing but we were so full from our meals it was actually impossible. The service was perfect. Highly recommend.
1	Sad.  So sad.We've been looking for GOOD Chinese since moving to Scottsdale three years ago. So, after checking with Yelp and reading such glowing reviews, I recommended Totties, and noticing they have a new location nearer to home, we went to Totties 2.Now I'm wondering if I was in the same restaurant as my fellow Yelpers who gave it 5 Stars. Atmosphere was upscale and pretty. We were seated, and asked if we wanted something to drink. They have beer and wine on the menu, but we'd walked through a full bar/lounge area on the way to our table. We asked what kind of Vodkas were available. Our server was befuddled and left to retrieve the bartender who could better advise and take our order. This should have been a sign of what to expect. The bartender arrived in short order, and informed us the upper end of their inventory would be Absolute. Not thrilled, we persevered and ordered one on the rocks. No inquiry re garnish, Drink arrived sans garnish and when we asked for olives, they had none. Bartender apologized and said this was only his fourth day. We thought - "OK, this is Totties 2 - we've caught them in the throes of a new operation and they're just working the bugs out. We'll cut them some slack" - becoming empathetic to their plight.On to the meal. We ordered Hot and Sour Soup and Totties Pork Spring Rolls. Spring rolls arrived, four presented on a very large platter, more than half of which was very strangely covered with green leaf and mache lettuce. Spring rolls were just OK, and my thought was these were from Sysco rather than the implied home made by Tottie. The Hot and Sour Soup was an enormous portion - obviously meant for two. It was mediocre at best, and had a consistency and texture that again lead me to think this was not freshly prepared but more out of a plastic bag provided by some food service company. For us, Kung Pao is generally a good gauge of preparation. This version didn't have the traditional peanuts, BUT it did have zucchini. Very odd. Finally, I tried the Egg Foo Yung, and asked for it to be prepared with pork. Large portion, but nothing special. Drowning in brown sauce. (One thing that struck us as strange, all the food was the same brown color.) Toward the end of the meal, we received a visit from a woman who turned out to be Tottie herself. We introduced ourselves, and inquired how long the new location had been open. She replied "Six months" when we more expected her to say 'six days'. We were more than a little aghast. For us, Totties 2 was just a sad thing all around. Our quest for decent Chinese continues.
1	We love Thai food and after reading the article in the January issue of Phoenix magazine elected to give Tottie's a try.We arrived on a Friday evening to a partially full restaurant.  Found the decor and feel of the restaurant to be pleasant enough - the hostess was also very cordial, but I'm afraid this is the extent of the compliments we can pay this establishment.Service was extremely slow - starting with a long wait of even having a server approach our table.  Everyone seem to be scurrying around - including our view of Tottie and her staff behind the front line; but the overall service was not expedited to showcase a well run operation.Our shrimp puff appetizer arrived - and to our surprise and dismay, would guess that the pastry portion was a Pillsbury product, rolled out thin and fried.  After another long wait our entrees finally arrived, and again, while the portions were generous, the anticipated flavor and quality of each of our dishes just wasn't there!  (Shrimp tasted fishy ... my chicken didn't seem to be fresh).Sorry to say - we will not be back and instead will return to our other 'tried and true' Asian restaurants, where we are assured both good service and flavorful quality food!
4	Thank you my fellow Yelpers! The GF BF and I were craving some Vietnamese food last Friday night after the gym (yes, we are wild and crazy!) and found this new little gem based on your reviews!! You certainly steered us to a yummy spot! I was immediately pleased when we stepped in the door as the decor is very pretty with lots of cool, solid woods and very interesting pieces of art! We were quickly seated in the room adjacent to the bar and found a fun, joyous atmosphere surrounding us! We were starving so we immediately order the traditional spring rolls and some hot tea. They were fantastic! Superb peanut sauce and I am huge fan when they actually grill the pork, which Tottie's most certainly does! We wolfed these down and I seriously could have eaten 100 more! Next, we had the Papaya Salad with sticky rice and chicken and the Beef Pho. The sticky rice was amazing and the flavors and freshness of the papaya salad and chicken were fantastic! The beef pho was also very good, but since I just had Pho with Oxtail stock from Monsoon in Seattle, I'm a little picky right now! Still, very very good! At this point, we were stuffed, but I know we'll be back again this week to try a few more items! Love that they have a variety of Asian cuisines to satisfy any craving (including my fav - sizzling rice soup!)! Now if I can just get Tottie to add a delish egg crepe and pork buns...I would never leave and she would earn that last coveted star!!P.S. Very very accommodating and understanding with food allergies, especially gluten free!
4	PHO PHO PHO PHO. Get it. It's great.
4	Yum yum. Their thai food is just rediculously good. Pad Thai and Green Curry were excellent. Service was a bit slow, but we had a large party and it was a Friday night...
4	I went to Tottie's about a month ago and have been talking about it every since! And craving it too!  The food is great and everyone that works there is really nice and helpful. I got the chicken with garlic sauce and ooooooh my gosh it was so good.  Great food, great experience and I would definitely recommend it.
4	This second location is closer to us then the Thomas Rd location so bonus star for that.The food seemed consistent with the other location, portions, spiciness, flavor, everything seems to be a duplicate which is a good thing. I usually get some sort of tofu and basil dish or tofu and eggplant and it's always great. Hot is Hot (as it should be).Not sure I love the atmosphere inside but there is nothing wrong with it, for some reason I don't like the tail ceilings here even though normally I would see it as an improvement to the space....oh well.The portions at Tottie's are large....does anyone else think this? I always have a to-go container which is fine with me.Sometimes Asian fusion goes wrong but I can't see anything wrong with how Tottie executes their dishes.
5	This is possibly one the best Thai places I have ever been to. It's in strip mall and nice-casual inside. But the food is great. The waitress told us their chef is generous on the spices so we might want to be careful in order our food "spicy" - we took a chance and went for the spicy number 7 (the hottest). Wow, she was right. My mouth was on fire but was so good. The right mix of sweet and tangy. Will definitely check this place out again.
5	Quite possibly one of the best Asian restaurants I've ever been to. Who would have thought you could find that in Arizona?!?The interior is very open, with a classy feel and high ceilings. The staff was all extremely welcoming throughout the entire dining experience. We started with a few appetizers, my favorite being the Spicy Cucumber salad, which was so delicious. I'd never tried anything like it before. We split a few entrees, some common staples (Pad Se Ew and a shrimp curry), but the entree that unexpectedly stood out was the Hot and Spicy Eggplant. I've never ever had eggplant prepared like that - the strips were cooked so they almost melted in your mouth (not chewy like I anticipated), and were soaked in a dark brown sweet and spicy sauce. Amazing!We were far too stuffed to try dessert, but I can only imagine how good that would have been. A five star spot for sure!
4	This is not the best Asian restaurant in AZ (as some people have said), but this place IS definitely one of the better Asian FUSION-style restaurants around. The staff were all very friendly and attentive. The owner (Tottie herself) came around and spoke to everyone in the place.We started with salmon satay and the small plate combo for appetizers. Everything was excellent (even the presentation with the little hibachi). My brother and I had the curry duck as entrees and we were both very happy with our selections. However, I think I enjoyed eating off my wife's plate of soft-shelled crab curry more. My mom had the salmon with basil-ginger sauce as she loved it. I'm not exactly sure what my sister had, but it was a seafood plate. She seemed to really enjoy her meal as well. Often times, it can be difficult for a large group of people to eat at the same place and for everyone to enjoy it. Tottie's was the exception.A quick note of caution when ordering: they make VERY spicy dishes. You can ask them to not make it too spicy, so don't worry. They will provide you with more chili oil if you really need it. As for dessert, Tottie's is one of the few Asian restaurants that have a decent dessert selection. Everyone in my party was too full to eat any (including me), but I wanted to see try something out anyway. I ordered the fried honey banana was very happy with it. It wasn't too heavy or too light at the end of my meal (plus, it came with some of their non-dairy ice cream). They make their ice cream with coconut milk, rather than cow juice. Very nice!
5	Tottie your food is pretty darn hottie! Where do I begin with the feast. We ate family style, so we started with spring rolls, soup and cucumber salad. Each item was tasty but not filling enough so that I didn't want to move on to the next course -- just enough to wet the appetite for more. So on to the next course. For the entree, we had Singapore rice noodles with curry, Chicken and noodles (I think it was called Chicken Chow Fun), the hot and spicy eggplant and a tofu salad plus white and brown rice. Each dish complimented each other and provided a perfect blend of tastes. I enjoyed every bite and couldn't stop eating. It was just too delicious. Of everything, my favorites were the chicken noodle dish, the shrimp curry and the eggplant. I loved the arrangement of spices. Each bite hit a different part of my taste buds. The decor of Tottie's is filled with authentic character true to the cuisine. If I didn't know better, if I closed my eyes I could just as easily  be in a SF restaurant. The staff is incredibly friendly and accommodating. It has the true feel of a neighborhood restaurant and I got the sense that those who visit a lot are probably known by name. But for those newbies like myself, they still made me feel at home and as if I'd been coming there for years!To end the amazing meal, we tried the Fried Honey Banana. It was a perfectly sized dessert to share with four and incredibly sweet so you could have a taste and be completely satisfied. And what's an Asian Fusion meal without a fortune cookie! So I opened my fortune cookie expecting some random sentence that didn't really make much since. But instead, my fortune read: "You will be recognized and honored as a community leader." Ok Tottie. I'll take that! Finally a fortune that makes some sense. :)So until next time Tottie's Asian Fusion...you are now one of my new favorite Asian Fusion restaurants in town.
5	This is, dear I say it, some of the BEST Thai food I've had in the valley. Tottie knows how to get the pah-ty stah-ted: The pah-ty in my mouth!I went after a rigorous cardio workout, and the idea of getting there and having to wait to be seated and wait to order and wait for our food to arrive was a little off-putting. Luckily a friend arrived early to grab our group of four a table, while another friend called in a few appetizers on her way over. What a great idea! There was a tasty egg drop soup, shrimp spring rolls and spicy cucumber salad waiting when I arrived. Great start, right? Things only got better from there. While we dined on our apps, we browsed the extensive menu with the intent to make some entree decisions. What a challenge?! Keep in mind it's Tottie's ASIAN fusion, so although we went the Thai route, they also have Chinese, Vietnamese and Sushi. Again my friend Gabi M came to the rescue, decided that we needed to go family style, asked the group some pertinent questions and ordered away. Fun, right? I had no idea what she was ordering, so when everything arrived it was like Thai Christmas! We feasted on Pad Se Ew, (an egg noodle dish with chicken), Curry Shrimp, Hot and Spicy Eggplant, and a tofu dish I can't remember, because compared to everything else, it was a little forgettable. Everything else was amazing! Super flavorful and complex spices combined with delicious ingredients to create filling entrees perfect for sharing. We all felt like the eggplant was a super-star-standout, but how you can pick a favorite when everything is practically perfect! Tottie and the staff had a perfectly sweet ending to an already rock-star meal, a fried banana. Not too big that you feel guilty afterwords, and not so small that you'll be wanting more, it was a nice end to a tasty evening. I can't wait to return and try the rest of the menu, but something tells me I'm going to want to repeat this night of fine fusion.
4	Wow! They don't skimp on the heat here. The menu's packed with options and the service was spectacular! Sweet, hospitable, good with selection suggestions. Nice wine selection. I hear happy hour is awesome - already starting to plan my next visit!
4	I'm not really an Asian food enthusiast, but I have to say I loved Tottie's!  Since the menu is pretty extensive, we asked for a recommendation and had the green curry.  My dining companion likes things a little spicier than I do, so we ordered a medium-low.  It wasn't too much heat for me, but I can only imagine what ordering hot will do to you!  The curry was fantastic.  The heat cannot mask the flavor of this dish!  I'm already looking forward to going back to Tottie's the next time my husband puts his foot down about eating at yet another Mexican restaurant!
5	You must try the Tangerine Shrimp. My mouth is watering right now just thinking about the to-go dinner that I ordered for my bf and I from Tottie's 2 last night. Mmmmm Mmmmm Mmmmm. Scrumptiousness!But back to the Tangerine Shrimp, it's sweet, it's a little sour, it's drenched in a blackish glaze (so don't freak out if it looks like black globs of shrimp, like I did), it's surrounded by orange slices, it's fried in tempura.... and it's amazing. Judging by looks alone, this dish does not look appetizing. But what it lacks in visual appeal, it makes up for in taste. You will be missing out if you don't try it.Now on to the rest of the Tottie's extravaganza, we ordered:- Kung Pao Shrimp - Fresh and crisp vegetables chopped into little cubes, tons of whole peanuts and succulent meaty shrimp in a spicy soy flavored sauce. Peanuts and shrimp in every bite!- Scallops with Black Bean Sauce - Fresh veggies and HUUUUGE meaty scallops in the most amazingly flavorful yet light black bean sauce I've ever tasted. OMG good.- Pad Thai with Chicken - Thai stir fried noodles (not overcooked and not undercooked, instead they were moist, flavorful and cooked to absolute perfection!) yummy fried egg pieces, crisp bean sprouts, shredded carrots, flavorful chicken (it was moist! not dry at all!), and topped with millions of crushed peanuts. Pad Thai heaven.- Fried Won Tons - For only about $6 you get 10 of these little drops from heaven. Won tons encasing pork and formed into little ball-like shapes - I'm astounded that I liked these as much as I did, as I'm not a huge pork fan. But the meat inside was so moist! And flavorful! They came with a sweet and sour dipping sauce as well as a spicy mustard sauce, another true taste bud delight.Now, a couple of notes before you head on over to Tottie's 2:- Portions are pretty large. We had leftovers, but I must admit that I stuffed myself silly with food.- For the high quality of the food, the price point at Tottie's is excellent. Yeah, it's on the pricier side of Asian Fusion food, but it didn't feel like Tottie hijacked my wallet. Entree's are around $10-12 each depending on if you pick shrimp, chicken or beef (shrimp will always be the most expensive - but SO worth it, as this is high quality seafood).- Take out is an excellent option if you don't feel like eating at the restaurant. It's fast and easy.- Their online menu has sushi items on it, but if you go to the N. Scottsdale Rd location they don't serve sushi. Originally I had tried to order some but on the phone I was informed that sushi isn't on their menu - so if this is what you desire, go to the spot on East Thomas Road.Hands down, the best Asian food I've tried in the valley. I'm officially a Tottie's 2 addict. I was so immensely satisfied with this meal, and now I'm dreaming about the leftovers I have for lunch...
5	Last night Tottie cooked me up a special "diet" plate. She started with fresh steamed shrimp, chicken and dry fried those with cabbage, red pepper and onion then finished with fresh spring onion and cilantro. Let me tell you, it was amazing! No oil, no sugar, no starch but ALL flavor! Along side she brought me a dish of spicy Tottie sauce which is made from vinegar, chile and garlic.. again sugar free but still packed with complexity flavors and major heat! Tottie is just an amazing chef, owner and person. Even this morning I'm still reeling about the experience I had at Totties last night, I felt just like family.
5	Totally Yum!  The vegetarian panang curry is so delish!  The mango sticky rice some of the best I have ever had.  The atmosphere is relaxed, colorful and transports you to the East.  Service is outstanding.  All the dishes are super fresh and flavorful.
5	Excellent Asian traditional and fusion cuisine.  We have eaten at this Tottie's many times this first year of its opening.  We've been to Thailand and this is the best Thai food in America.  Also like the Vietnamese Bun Tom salad on the menu.  Love their fresh spring roll with tempura shrimp (a fusion item).  Our only problem is we live in Santa Fe and can only eat at Tottie's when we visit AZ.  Beautiful, sophisticated atmosphere with a nice bar and friendly, great service.  The Best!!!!!
5	Tottie...you've done it again! 5 stars for consistency!The real judge for me of whether or not a place stacks up is if the food is consistent from visit to visit. I'm putting it out there you guys, at Tottie's IT IS. Our group of 5 had pretty much the same thing that I had last time I was in Phoenix for work, and it tasted just as good as I remembered. I will say that the one minor hiccup was the service, we had to ask for chopsticks a few times and refills of water were hard to come by. I'm giving them a break though because we were dining late into the evening as they were closing up shop. I'm thankful that they stayed open though, and so were my taste buds, and my stomach, and the sweet Thai dreams that I had that night, and the pleasant memories I had the next day...
4	4.5 stars Oh Tottie's. I think I love you because our names are similar... Beyond that, you have earned my love based on your DELICIOUS food and friendly service! The first time I went to Tottie's it was for my Favorite Bear's birthday party. I arrived before Happy Hour ended and scored a Sake Bomber (or two?) before we were seated for dinner. I let the birthday boy handle all of the ordering. He knows what I like! I don't remember exactly what all we had but I do know that I want an IV drip of her curry sauce in my arm at all times. I also enjoyed her pork belly lettuce cups. Yep, PORK BELLY. It was so good! The second visit I had, I ordered a duck with creamy curry noodle dish. It was not on the menu, and you're lucky if you can get it, but if you do, I wouldn't mind if you named your next child after me. You're welcome. The duck was tender and flavorful. The noodles were perfectly cooked with the most delicious creamy, spicy curry sauce. I could eat it every day. Seriously. During our meal, our server was friendly but a little absentminded. She also seemed like she was new because she wasn't terribly knowledgeable on the menu. At the end of my meal, Tottie asked me about my food and thanked me for coming in. I am looking forward to my next visit to Tottie's The food is great, the servings are huge, the prices are reasonable. I know 5 stars from me is in their future!
5	Yup. That good. It's all kind of a blur, but I remember being pretty exhausted, and totally famished. Someone in the group got on the phone and called ahead to Tottie's to make sure food was waiting for us when we arrived.We arrived, and there's already soup on the table and a couple orders of spring rolls. I try to express how thankful I am for their accommodating us, and to my astonishment there's already a spring roll in my mouth. When I try again I can't get the words past my soup spoon.Not 5 minutes after sitting down the main dishes arrive, each one piping hot, some spicy hot. What did we order? I wish I knew. There were noodles. There were vegetables. Each dish had a very unique flavor that kept me shoveling it in and regretting I wasn't taking more time to taste it. Once I started to fill I savored the flavors a little more and was able to confirm that yes, this really is good food.The food coupled with the splashy, colorful, retina workout of an ambiance made my trip to Tottie's memorable, and yet at the same time, as I sit here weeks later, it sort of seems like a dream. A tasty, nourishing, delightful dream.
3	Appetizers and service were great.  We got the sampler platter, pork and shrimp spring rolls and some edamame.  They all came out great and very tasty.However, the main course fell short.  I ordered the red curry with duck.  Some of the duck was cold. My wife ordered a tofu veggie thing "Thai Hot" it came back at medium (at best)...it also had a small piece of meat in with it.  They remade the order and came back hot (for me), but she said still not hot enough.  Our friend ordered a basil shrimp dish that seems to have came out the best.
4	4 1/2 stars - really great place!  The decor is nice with cool artwork and beautiful flowers on every table, the service is friendly and food is authentic and delicious!  There happy hour specials are pretty good as well!
5	I could have sworn that I already reviewed Totties before but maybe not.   I've been there 3 times and the food is consistently delicious.  The restaurant itself if pretty small but I love the decor, it feels very homey, and they have a cute patio for warmer times of the year.  First let me rave about our waitress.  We sat in Lottie's (no that's not a typo) section and she was so amazing.  She has the most warm and friendly personality, was really helpful with suggestions, didn't wince one bit for special requests, and made the whole dining experience that much more enjoyable.  Ask for her when you go there!! Okay, on with the food!  I went with my parents and we had the Calamari, Edamame, Pho Tai, Salmon Satay, Veggie Fried Rice, Pad Thai, and coconut ice cream.  1. Calamari- $5 on the happy hour menu, whoop whoop! The calamari comes with a panang (I think... its like a coconut curry) sauce and the breading is extra crunchy, not oily like some fried calamari can be so that was quite delectable!2. The Pho Tai-  my favorite. It comes with a delicious broth, noodles, and beef (I'm not really a beef person so I just ate around it).  The soup also comes with  basil, cilantro, plum sauce, siracha, and bean sprouts on the side for you to customize it which I think is very cool.  My dad and I shared a soup and asked Lottie if they could split it in two bowls and the portions were still huge.  The broth was so delicious that I just added the bean sprouts, basil, and cilantro and no sauces.  My dad added the sauces and omitted some of the other items and it was like we had two totally different soups! 3. Salmon Satay- I was way too into my soup to care about the salmon satay (my mom ordered it).  I tried a bite just so i could yelp about it (loser, much?) but I was on food overload and so I failed on that.  Sorry! My mom wouldn't stop talking about how good it was though and it was on the HH menu for just $5. 4. Edamame- You know what edamame tastes like.5. Veggie fried rice- I only had like 2 bites because I was so full from the calamari and shrimp so I'll have to update this after I have it tomorrow for lunch!6. Pad Thai- This was my first time trying Pad Thai and I really liked it!  Again, I could only fit like 2 bites in but it was tangy, sweet, and very fresh tasting.  7. Coconut ice cream- Gahhhhhh this stuff is amazing!! Tottie herself makes it almost every day and it is sooooo good.  She uses coconut milk instead of dairy and there are little pieces of coconut in it and it is like a tropical heaven in your mouth.  Sadly, I could only have like 3 bites of this due to my prior gluttony. ...Okay, I'll update late! But in the mean time, get your tushes to Totties! :)
4	They deserve much more business - I wish it was located further north so it could be a carry out option.Food is excellent - must try the Tottie Rolls. Great option for a group that wants Asian - but can't decide if they want Chinese, Thai , Vietnamese - they do all very well. Great bartending - excellent cocktails as well. Great atmosphere - very upscale yet comfortable setting.
4	Nicest, most upbeat, most positive, and silly waitress ever at a Thai restaurant. It definitely helped make our meal even better with the amazing service. The food was also super tasty. I can never go wrong with the veggie sides, but my kung pao shrimp was delicious, and my mom's shrimp w/ black bean sauce was even better. My dad, when initially served, found that part of his salmon was cold, so he had to send it back. But they promptly fixed the issue, and then he found it to be really good. I also enjoyed looking at all of the decorations, they seemed to make the restaurant cozy and have a nice vibe.
3	Pretty good for Scottsdale, not too dumbed down like Malees or worse yet Ling and Louie's which is Godawful.  Still not exactly authentic.Pleasant atmosphere and waitstaff.  We'll be back due to our desperation for ethnic food.
4	Went here for a Happy Hour with people from work and we had a good time. The drinks menu was quite good and some very interesting cocktails. A couple of us had a lychee cocktail which tasted like a mojito flavored with lychee . The appetisers were also good. We had the salmon satay, chicken salad, dumplings, chicken wings and calamari. The dumplings and the chicken salad were the best. Service was a little slow . The decor is very interesting. Did not try anything from the Dinner Menu. Thats for next time.
4	Picked up a to-go order tonight.  Soft Crab Springrolls and Pad Thai.  Food was alright.. nothing too spectacular.  But I'm giving it 4 whole stars for the service!  The short few minutes that I was in there, the young girl was just adorable.  Very sweet, chatty and complimentary.  Wish we had service like that in California!  After a long day of traveling it was very much appreciated!
4	Oh delicious Chinese food, I can't even begin to express my adoration for you.Thai food, I crave you.Viet food, you're so delightful and flavorful.A three-way fusion at Totties? What?Oh yes. We're talking burning desire going on here.Standout are the veg spring rolls, spicy cucumber salad and bean curd/veggies stir fry that may not look so exciting on the menu, but it did unspeakable things to my taste buds. The Shanghai bordello atmosphere is the perfect backdrop to the entire shebang, I mean, experience.
4	Tottie's is a great little place with a cozy atmosphere and excellent food.   If you like Asian, you'll like Totties.
5	Don't come into Tottie's expecting traditional cuisine. What you'll get here is that traditional dish that you wanted, with Tottie's own interpretation on it. She prepares Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese, and Sushi, with the Tottie twist on it. The atmosphere has a lot left over from when this used to be the French fine dining spot Methode Bistro. It's cozy, warm, casual, and very inviting and Tottie is a very friendly lady who loves to talk bout food, share ideas, and greet all of her customers. In fact, I was not having the best of experiences here until Tottie came over to see me, since her servers had zero knowledge of the Asian dishes they were serving people, but Tottie was a little more knowledable. Scratch that, a lot more knowledgable.My Bun Thit Nuong Tom Cha Gio was presented in a way that was very different, using traditional ingredients but with a few extra ideas thrown in like field greens, extra carrots, and a little different style of presentation. The server informed me, upon finding out how much Vietnamese I eat, that I would find this dish very different because it came with a unique Tottie Sauce...... it was traditional Nuoc Mam, LOL! Despite the confusion, the food was top, top, top quality. Very fresh and crisp veggies, good cuts of pork, huge shrimp, and crisp egg rolls. I was truly happy with the dish, despite it being different from what I'm used to. At the price point $10 a bowl of Bun Thit, it's one of the more expensive fixes in town, but given the quality and atmosphere, I'd go here again and not think twice about the extra couple of bucks.
5	Had lunch here today.  Nice crowd.  I have eaten here about 5 times.  The restaurant is beautifully decorated ~ pretty upscale.  The service is always friendly and helpful.  They offer a lot of lunch specials but I wanted to bring home food for my family so I ordered off the regular menu.The pan-fried noodles with beef, chicken, and shrimp is excellent! The vegetables are fresh and crisp and there is a nice amount of meat throughout the dish.  The sauce is sweet and delicious.Their calamari appetizer has just the right amount of spice in it.  My kids love the House Fried rice here as well as the egg drop soup.My husband likes his food spicy which is about a 6 here (they will gladly explain the range for you and give you their suggestions).I heard the ladies at the table next to me raving about their homemade coconut and mango ice cream (I know they make serveral flavors in house).  Will definitely have to save room for that next time!
2	I really hate to give this place a bad review, but I have to keep it real. I was very disappointed with the food here. I ordered takeout and a friend picked it up so I wasn't able to scope out the ambiance. So this review is based on takeout food quality only. We started with the appetizer that was like a sampler (I don't remember what they called it.) My favorite thing of the whole meal was the potstickers with the sauce that came with it. These were tasty. Everything else in this app I could go without. The chicken skewers were super dry with little flavor. And the egg rolls, meh. For the main course I ordered the spicy cucumber salad with chicken. Spicy it was, but flavorful it was not. Heat that is lacking flavor is no fun. You can tell they also put way too hot chicken in the cold salad so it made the cucumbers taste very soggy and warm. It was so funky that I didn't eat it, I shared with my friend. She ordered the chicken with garlic sauce. It was okay, but nothing special. It barely had any chicken in it and was full of water chestnuts. Don't get me wrong, I love water chestnuts! But this was just over the top. Even though I was not impressed, I will return to try this place in person. I want to trust my fellow yelpers and hopefully they will come through for me!
5	Totties on Scottsdale RD (T2) has the best cocktails. Kenta creates a new, lively, masterpiece every week!
4	My wife and I thought we would try Totties based on a number of favorable reviews. Since moving to Scottsdale from San Diego, this is our first try at a local Thai restaurant. The place was tastefully decorated and very clean. The wait staff were some of the nicer people I have encountered in a restaurant. We arrived during happy hour so we were able to enjoy some nice and strong cocktails for five bucks a pop. We both skipped appetizers and dived right into the main courses. I ordered the Kang Keo Wan with mussels- a spicy green curry dish. I have been skimped on seafood at other places yet my dish contained 10 LARGE and fresh mussels. A very good dish I must say. My wife ordered the Pad Thai with shrimp. Her's was tasty, spicy, and the noodles were not over cooked. When we first try a Thai restaurant we go for the curries and Pad Thai dishes. If they can make those to our taste, then we usually return to try other things...we will be back! Additionally, their fried banana with ice cream was the bomb!If I had any complaints here they would be that the Thai tea wasn't the best I have had.Op/Ed-      I get quite tired of people whining in every Thai Restaurant review regarding the lack of "authentic" or "traditional" fare, throwing these terms about as if they were in downtown Bangkok or something. I accept the fact that I live in the southwest. All I expect is great tasting food at reasonable prices. Totties 2 was very good at accommodating these simple requests.
4	Spring Rolls - Great!  Singapore Noodles - Great!  Hot & Sour Soup - not so great - I have never had a hot and sour soup so dark!  Although the hot was hot and the sour, was sour - a little bit goes a very long way!Definitely going back again, just skipping the hot & sour soup next time.
3	Uhmmm......I really want to love the place. The spicy is right, the flavors are good, but they overcooked the meat in the dish. That explains why it took so long to get the food out.i will give it another try.
5	Just as wonderful as its other location... not sure why its called #2, it is pretty much identical to the other Totties... but either way i can get over the name dilemma because i love me some Totties! anything you get is good, you really cannot go wrong. the tangerine chicken is out of this world btw !
4	More fusion as expected in this part of town...Overall Rating:  3.7 rounded up to a 4.0Service:  Pleasant and gracious  - 4.45Food:      Experiences have been mixed.  Generally a 3.0 - 3.7Ambience:  4.0-4.5With the same menu and a little bit morel formal feel, the experience at this location is pretty similar to the original/first one in South Scottsdale.  Not necessarily a destination drive but it's as Southeast Asian as you're gonna get in this area.
5	MMMMM. Let me break it down for you...when you can hear staff in the kitchen saying "oh wow, that looks amazing" as plates are coming up in the window, you're in for a treat. I mean the fact that they see these dishes time and time again and are still excited by them....! Then flash forward to the next day and if you're heating up second lunch (I like to eat) in the office micro and employees comment on the delicious smells, yeah you're doing a-ok! I was solo this time because Gabi M was home with baby Mess and I didn't think to call Jarred (sorry bud!). Eating alone certainly wasn't as much fun but it was delicious. Eggplant is a must. You just HAVE TO get it, done. In addition I also had a really yummy chicken dish with wide noodles, veggies, basil, and a spicy/sweet sauce. SO tasty. The portions are enormous, so don't balk at the prices. Grab two entrees, share with the group, take home leftovers...that simple ;).Know Before You Go:  I'm only in Scottsdale one every other month and Tottie still remembers me when I come in, and that rocks! Big fan.
2	Alert: every dish that involves sauce is bubbling tar pit of sodium and sugar. You'll need to reserve three hours to nap afterwards, and maybe another hour for rolling around, glassy eyed and confused about where you are.The crispy tofu pad thai, tangerine shrimp, and soft shell crab curry are definitely tasty... but I'd rather down a triple scoop sundae if I'm going to go into a food coma afterwards, regardless.
5	We love Totties.  Our office orders from here at least once a week.  The Panang Curry is to die for as well as the Pad Se Ew which is a variation of Chow Fun Noodles with veggies and your choice of meat.  I brought a couple who traveled through Thailand for 4 months and they said this was the closest to the authentic type of Thai food they experienced abroad!  It really doesn't get better than this.
4	Good food, good service, but not the best Thai food but I really cannot complain.
4	Thai, Vietnamese a nice patio, good happy hour and a swanky inside they have it all.Despite being a nicer place as Asian food goes the prices are quite reasonable and it is really a great value. The happy hour menu has Asian tappas (apps) for $5 and many $5 cocktails and glasses of wine. WE had the salmon satay which was just grilled cubes of salmon on a stick with sauce and some salad, good but nothing special. The veggie wontons were great in a brown sauce and filled with veggies and again a small salad garnish.My cocktail was great but it was a bit strong.For our mains we had the Salmon with green curry, It came in a HUGE Bowl it was rich and full of great veggies and fresh not overcooked fish. $12.95We also had the dragon noodles, which was veggies tofu and glass noodles. It was light and fresh. ~10Over all great quality value and patio I will be back.
5	Great yelp find! I've been looking for a good Asian restaurant in Arizona, this is it.Tom kha gai  soup  was spicy and tasty. I will be going back often.
5	Tottie's has a huge variety and is truly a gem in this tucked away shopping center. Super cool ambiance, decent prices and great for dine-in or to-go.  Everything I've tried here is always great.  The cocktail menu at the bar is unique and delicious.
5	I love the Hot and Sour soup it amazing!!!! Service is always an A++++ also lunch specials are cheap and taste great!!!
2	We ordered take out from Totties 2 last night.  When we got home the rice containers were not even close to being full (3/4 full each), and the food was badly spiced.  We asked for medium, but all three dishes were hot.  The pad thai was almost inedible because there were so many peppers in it.  Aside form being spicy, the food left little to the imagination and was disappointing.  The vegetables were overcooked and bordered on being soggy and the chicken was overcooked and tough. Given the comments from diners before us, we may have just caught them on a bad night or ordered the wrong dishes, but we wasted $45 on our meals.
2	My girlfriend liked this place more than I did. It may be that I'm spoiled by eating asian food in the Bay Area, but this place just didn't cut it. Unfortunately we both got red curry based dishes, so my experience was fairly limited... I got Duck w/red curry, and was not very impressed at all. The duck was tasty, but the curry was VERY bland. Honestly had I not been told it was curry, I wouldn't really have identified it as curry. The duck came with some plain steamed vegetables on the side, which as the meal went on, served to further water down my already bland curry sauce as the veggie water moved around on the plate. In addition to the curry lacking flavor, the vegetables really needed a boost as well. They should have been stir fried, or been served with a sauce of some sort. The service was OK, but not great. There was only one other table in there, and the waitress seemed to forget things, and when we asked her about the meals, I felt like she was giving us canned answers of "everything is good, just order something so I can go home". Admittedly it was about 30 or 45 minutes before they closed, so that may have had something to do with it. It wasn't a BAD meal by any means. It accomplished the goal of providing nourishment, and was better than bringing mickey D's back to the hotel room, but I won't be going back. The yelp definition of 2 stars is "Meh. I've experienced better", and I think that description fits my meal perfectly.
5	Tottie's is by far the most AMAZING Asian food you can get in the Valley.  I frequent Tottie's about once a week, and it never disappoints.  My favorites are the Tottie Rolls (make sure to add in the mint and cilantro they provide on the side, it makes the difference), Green Curry with chicken, and Tom Kha Gai soup.  The Tottie rolls are just unique, and are a combination of an egg roll and lettuce wrap. A definite must try.  The curry and soup are so FLAVORFUL!!  Lots of spice and aromas....mmmm......makes me hungry just thinking about it.I've had the pleasure of both dining in and taking the food home for takeout, and I must say that both have always been easy and wonderful experiences.  If you do eat in, I recommend trying the sugarcane chicken appetizer.  It comes with a flame to give your chicken an extra grill and a to-die-for peanut sauce; definitely something to be enjoyed in the restaurant.  Plus, the ambiance is comfortable and inviting, and the staff are super friendly and knowledgeable so it is definitely worth eating in once in awhile.Overall, A++++
5	Excellent food! Agree the sizzling rice soup is a must try. I had chicken pad thai 5 of 7 spicy level because I like spicy food. Great you can request spiciness level on each entree.
3	OK Chinese food, mix in the Thai and Vietnamese and lots to choose from.Highlight for me was the chicken meatball dish was very tasty with lettuce wraps.  Great finish with coconut ice cream.
4	I'm glad dropped in at the right time and got to enjoy some sweet HAPPY HOUR deals!Food: 1) edamame: moderate sized bowl for happy hour price!2) Ribs: you get two of them and they are tender and well slathered with BBQ sauce. Pretty good, but seemed out of place at a Thai restaurant. 3) chicken and shrimp Sui Mai: I like how it was different from the regular pork sui mai, it had a real piece of shrimp on top which was a nice touch. 4) Pad se ew: Good flavor! I liked how they book different vegetables in this dish. Well made and good execution!5) Beef Larb: Not one of my favorites. It was sour...in a funny way. I didn't enjoy it too much. I think they need to work on the sauce of this dish. I wasn't even really sure if the beef was tender or not because I was too distracted with how weird it tasted.  6) Tom Yum Soup: Lots of ingredients! Very generous with the shrimp! I liked the presentation! It came on FIRE! Service: Friendly. No complaints. Checked on me several times and was good about refilling my water. Ambiance: A little dim for my taste, but I guess they were going for a romantic ambiance. I had a hard time seeing what I was eating. Price: Typical for Thai food. The whole meal came out to be $50. Overall: It was pretty good, but I don't know if it was good enough to come back. I might come back just for happy hour. There's some good deals on that menu!
5	Always a great meal at Tottie's.  Probably one of the better appointed Thai restaurants you'll ever eat at.  The Pad Se Ew is always tasty.  WATCH OUT for their spice levels.  Even when you specify medium spicy, the kitchen staff gets heavy handed.  Err on the lower side of the spicy scale if you don't want your lips to catch fire.  The Tottie rolls were creative...egg rolls served with fresh lettuce, mint, and cilantro so you could pick the herbs and roll them up into the lettuce.  Loved that.  This was our 2nd time here and it's always a good choice.
4	On a business trip and found TAF2 on Yelp.  Great food.  Shocked with the portion sizes.  I have never not been able to polish off an order of Yellow Curry in one sitting...until Totties.  Dishes are large enough for 2 to share.
5	This is my favorite neighborhood go-to for delicious Thai food. Happy hour specials help to off-set the cost for some menu favorites.
2	When I typically run across an Asian fusion place, I turn around.  Based on the positive reviews here, being out of town on business and not wanting to stick with the status quo, I thought I'd give it a shot.  I probably should have stayed on par for course, but it wasn't all bad. I arrived during happy hour and indulged in some Asian Tapas, which I found interesting since there was no mention of Spanish food within the Thai, Chinese and Vietnamese tilt of the restaurant.  Decor was interesting, if not a bit overdone.  But with artwork from 3 different cultures in one location, it works.  The restaurant itself appeared to be very clean, and I was greeted with smiles from every employee.Started off w/the Shu Mai, which was in all honesty, a little salty (more on that later),  but pretty gosh darn good.  Followed those up with the vegetarian gyoza, which were....different.  The wrapping was soggy and the filling was a mish mash of overcooked and perfectly cooked veggies.  Main entree was the Thai Stir Fry with Shrimp.First bite was excellent!  The shrimp practically melted in my mouth, and the vegetables offered excellent contrast.  Excellently seasoned, cooked to a level of crunchy perfection.  As I continued to eat however, my enthusiasm slowly started to dwindle.  The saltiness of the meal was overwhelming the level of spice that I requested, which should never, ever happen.  (5 on a scale of 7)  Nobody should eat an Asian meal and not expect a certain level of sodium, but I left very disappointed.
5	Food was soooo good!  Best Thai food I've had in so long!  We ordered tom yum, basil beef, green curry, beef pho, pad Thai, bok choy, eggplant and string beans. Everything was delicious. The food was spicier than I've had in other places but so good, almost addictive.
4	Pretty good
4	I would give this restaurant 5 stars but since I've only eaten here once... Everything I ordered was fabulous. We ordered delivery and for that to be given 4 stars says alot. I was not too impressed with the chicken satay but that only means it wasn't what I'm used to. It seemed to be semi deep fried? Still tasty, even for delivery. The fresh spring rolls are to die for!!!  That is, if you're picky like me. I'm new to Scottsdale and in my native town (Minneapolis) fresh rolls are commonly filled with rice noodles, bbq pork, shrimp and cilantro or mint. These were beyond expectations. No lettuce fillers, a nice thin wrapper, amazing peanut sauce (also not my normal standard) and the pork filling... WOW! It was to die for. In addition we ordered the Pad Thai (Thai spicy) and it was just that! None of this spicy means mild stuff here. Awesome. And huge! But the star of the show was the Panang Curry Chicken. Holy food orgasm. I love curry and this was a mild version WITH spice but extremely addicting. To end the awesome (again, I must reiterate DELIVERY) we had the mango sticky rice. Another winner. Especially to end a good spiced meal. I wish I had ordered more after all the leftovers we had. I will be back to try more and I am a food freak. Try it. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
1	So I came in for happy hour-my first time here- sat at the bar and was ignored by the arrogant bartender. When I finally asked if they had champagne he made some snarky comment then continued his snotty arrogant tude t/o my time at the bar. Needless to say I will never be back I couldn't get out fast enough!!
5	I arrived EXHAUSTED after a long day at school, just looking for a place to chillax for a while.  I wasn't too crazy about my last experience at the Tottie's on Thomas Road, but I wanted to check this location out.  They got me when I saw "Try our Vegan ice cream" on their specials sign outside the doors!  Oh and I like that they have to-go menus outside, so you can figure out if you actually want to go inside.  Still in my med school scrubs (I appreciated that there was no "side eye" from the establishment for that - but hey I'm gonna be saving lives in a few years lol!), I decided to give it a go!Whew! this place is gorgeous!  It was happy hour, so I figured let me sit at the bar.  Kenta was the perfect-gentleman-bartender.  He kept the talking to a minimum (I'm not into all that chitter-chatter from bartenders), was very professional and as a bonus: very easy on the eyes lol.  I also had the pleasure of meeting Tottie the owner.  What a sweetheart!  I enjoyed her down to earth welcoming nature!  She still even cooks!I like that the drinks are listed in the drink menu from dry to sweeter.  SInce it was happy hour, the drinks were only $5!  I ordered an Orient Express (I don't really drink, but it was definitely one of those days).  Yummo!  It was a martini with thai coffee and creme something or other, lol.  I sipped on that until my meal arrived.  I ordered the Chiang Mai Noodles - Thai curry chicken, Thai basil and bamboo shoots with rice noodles (subbed veggies instead of chicken).  The rice noodles were thinner than I expected, but still tasty.  SO MUCH FOOD!  Kenta made sure to tell the kitchen to add extra broccoli -yay!  I have leftovers for 3 more meals (eating some as I type!)  Overall, I had a great experience.  I definitely felt better when I left compared to when I first walked in.
4	I came here for happy hour a few weeks ago.  I was exhausted and just wanted a place to chillax after a long day of school.  I like that they have menus outside, so that you can decide if you want to come in before "committing".  I was still in my medical scrubs, so I appreciated how there was "no funny business" about having to be shi-shi in such a gorgeous restaurant.  I truly enjoyed the decor. I had the opportunity to meet the owner, Tottie who was so personable.  We chatted for a while.  The bartender was pleasant, accommodating and not bad on the eyes either :P  I ordered the Orient Express for only $5.  It was so good!  I love that the drink menu is categorized from dry to sweet.For my meal, I ordered the Chiang Mai noodles without chicken.  It was good, but soupier than I expected.  It got thicker as it cooled down.  It had a nice flavor, but then again I love curry.  I did not expect it to be so much food!  I had leftovers for days!  Good food, gorgeous environment.  I definitely had a better experience here then at the location in South Scottsdale.  I could really see myself coming here for a birthday dinner.
3	Went here for lunch to meet with a friend who was in town for the day. This was during the week, and there as a pretty good crowd there. we were seated and took advantage of their lunch specials (if I remember correctly, they have a good variety of lunch combos for $10). I had the kung pao chicken, on a 9/10 spiciness level. My friend had the chicken pad thai, I think 8/10 hot. Our food didn't take long to come out, and I was surprised at the meat - rice ratio (more meat than I thought). The only bummer was that the chicken was hardly spicy at all, but it did taste great. As far as the service, it was fine until it took about 15 minutes for us to get our check, as the server didn't even come near our table to check on us. Would I go back? Probably
2	Was in Scottsdale for a conference and Totties was just down the road from my hotel. Decided to give it a shot based on Yelp reviews.Had pad se ew  with chicken - was just okay. I ordered it on the low side of the spice range but even still it had little flavor. They only gave me one packet of soy - I could have used 5 or 6 more to add flavor. I've never had this with bok choy in it before - I realize this is a "fusion" restaurant so maybe it was the point that it tasted more Chinese than Thai. In any case, was just okay.
5	My friend and I went there last night for dinner. They closed at 10 during the weeknights which is great because so many restaurants close at 9. It was kind of hidden in the plaza (Its next to Trader Joes). My friend and I shared the sesame chicken and beef chow mein. The food came out pretty quick and it was pretty big portions! All main dishes come with heaping bowl of rice which is awesome! Our server was wonderful and very pleasant!
5	Best Curry ever:) Nice little outdoor patio- so cute you forget it faces the parking lot! Love the fresh ingredients and imaginative flavors. Wonderful!
4	Oh sodium... how I love to hate you...On a recommendation from a friend who lives in the area we went. My wife and I love Thai food but I try to limit the frequency to avoid over eating. Michael, our server, was incredible and made us feel like guests of honor. The decor is unlike any other Asian place - there was attention to detail and very clean.The Tottie rolls are a must get and quite filling. We also got the string beans, well cooked I must say, the Panang curry, and the Pad Pra Kow beef. All of is was really good.I highly recommend this place and for those who are sensitive to sodium, stay away from the curry dishes.
3	Came here for a Happy Hour after some work meetings in town. This place is nice, but I will say my time was ruined..as there were about 4 families, all with loud kids screaming.Not to be rude, but I do to happy hour to unwind..and I am not sure this place did the trick. It is nice atmosphere  and very fancy, which drives the price, but  hard to enjoy fancy with babies around.
5	Fantastic food!
4	Great hidden spot!  Very diverse & extensive menu, something for everyone!  A mix of Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese & Japanese.  Full bar with great signature cocktails.
5	I come here for lunch pretty frequently and have never had a bad, or even average, experience.  The Panang curry is amazing and they include lots of vegetables, unlike most other Thai restaurants in the area.  Prices and serving sizes are reasonable.  I have no complaints on this one.
5	The best Asian food in AZ! My out of state friends always want to visit Totties as soon as they get here. It does not get any better than this, anywhere!
2	Ordered chicken satay skewers and Tottie rolls to start and there was only three small skewers. Most other Thai places either serves two large skewers or four smaller skewers. This was the best dish at our table so it's a shame we didn't get more. Tottie rolls had good crunch, but typical egg roll flavor so nothing special. Got the pad thai and they use a thin, fine vermicelli noodle instead of the traditional flat noodle. Also, there was too much gooey sauce that turned it into a pile of mush. Sorry, it just wasn't that great.
4	Came in for a quick lunch.  I was seated promptly and presented with a lunch menu in addition to the regular menu.  Nice place, well decorated.  I ordered my usual Thai delight, pad thai with chicken and brown rice.  With the lunch special you get a nice salad first which was tasty.  The bowl was a bit oddly shaped and all of the dressing fell to the bottom and it was hard to toss.  The Pad Thai was served in a huge portion with a spring roll.  It was plenty.  I ordered it "medium" and it was nice and spicy, so beware that their "medium" is pretty hot by scale.All in all it was a great experience.  I was in and out for less than $10.00 with a full belly and smile on my face.
3	Totties is a great place to grab Chinese- especially on a budget! The prices are not cheap, but you get about three times the average restaurant portion size in one entree. Seriously. My boyfriend and I ventured to Totties for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. The place is overly decorated with Asian/Indian-esque decor (elephants, bamboo plants, etc). It gives off a nice vibe in somewhat of a cheesy way. Anyhow, when we were there, the restaurant was completely silent, aside from the cooking chefs in the back and the couple seated next to us. Not a big deal. We happened to come in during happy hour and decided that we would try some happy hour entrees (not aware of the large portion sizes to come). We ordered the fried calamari and the veggie gyoza. Both came out in about 10 minutes within ordering. The fried calamari was delicious. It wasn't too rubbery or chewy, and came with a warm curry sauce that wasn't hot enough to destroy the taste of the calamari. The veggie gyoza was alright. It came with 5 pieces, and they were practically falling apart in the dish full of some soy sauce- like dip. They were a little lacking in flavor, but not too bad to complain about.Our food came out shortly after. My boyfriend ordered the orange chicken on a spicy level of 4, and I got the chow fun on a spicy level of 5, which actually came out as chow mien (pretty much the same dish but with different noodles). My boyfriends chicken was really good! The chicken wasn't overly breaded, and had the perfect amount of sauce on it- not to mention the GIGANTIC portion. It also came with what I'd image a 16 oz bowl of fried rice. My chow mien was really good, and I enjoyed that the noodles weren't overly greasy or drenched in sauce. Now, I'm sure you're wondering how this review warrants three stars. Well, I'll tell you. After being filled with the happy hour apps we'd eaten, I couldn't finish much of my 3lbs of chow meien. That being said, of course I asked for it to be boxed. The buss boy, or whoever it was, took my dish into the back and brought out the traditional style small Chinese food take out boxes with my food in it. Uhm, excuse me, but if I order and pay for all the chow mien that you bring me, I expect to get it by the time I leave. I felt somewhat robbed, as I know I could have used my leftovers for a solid two meal servings. It was a four, but this little mishap knocked it down to a three. Whatever. Anyhow. To sum it up, will we be back? Of course. I just have to make sure that I'm on an empty stomach and don't order appetizers so that I can finish enough food so that ALL my leftovers can be given to me.Food- 8.5/10 Service- 7/10 Atmosphere- 7/10Prices- 7.5/10
2	Food is so-so, service is awkward, bartender is great.
2	First off, these people rip you off. I ordered their lunch special based off their online menus, which stated it was $6.50. When I picked up my order, they tried to charge me $8.95. The manager/owner (not sure who she was) started arguing with me saying those menus online were old and prices went up. I refused to pay over $6.50 so she said fine and walked away. The food itself was just mediocre. Definitely wont be coming back here!
5	Great service and great food. So far I have had the Panang Curry and Green Curry. Very fresh vegetables and the staff was above Par! Great Job!
5	Amazing food, good atmosphere, perfect prices. We had Kang Keo Wan (green curry) & Pad Kee Mao, both with chicken. Huge portion for the curry, plenty of leftovers. Great fresh vegetables. Spice level options 1-7. Good drinks, fast service. 2 happy hour drinks, an appetizer, & 2 entrees: $42 = VERY satisfying first visit. We will return..frequently.
4	Great Thai offerings.  Get the Tottie spring rolls.  Four tasty rolls that you roll in fresh lettuce, cilantro and mint. Good to share for a couple.  Dinner after that will fill you up. Wonderful Asian decore and pretty decent, but not great service.
5	Tottie you are the best! I have eaten there time and time again, with the same consistency, quality and flavor each time. I spread it around in regard to the dishes and it seems there is no way to go wrong with the various choices. The dishes are always full of flavor, spiced right and served at the proper temperature.Good atmosphere, great staff and excellent location.
4	Tottie's is one of those rare restaurants that does two cuisines well - Thai and Chinese.  They may have gone overboard on the "fusion" part -- the Thai Fried Chicken with Basil and the Chinese General Tsao's Chicken are almost indistinguishable -- but the Thai curry and noodle dishes are distinct anyway.The three major strengths here are:1.  The food is uniformly well prepared and tasty.  They have even apparently lost their bread crumbs -- thank goodness -- so the fried dishes are meaty not doughy.2.  The prices are very low.3.  The restaurant is far more attractive than you would expect for the type of cuisine and price.There are some rough spots, however.  Whenever there is any sort of crowd, service slows down - and it can be crowded even on a weeknight.  The menu is not imaginative at all, and many of the dishes are similar to one another.But when you plunk down $30 for a dinner for two (the entrees are large enough so that you don't need appetisers), including tax and tip, you leave congratulating yourself for being such a clever fellow.  (I told them they should raise their prices).
3	I love this place usually. Eat in though. I did take out tonight and got slop. Food was gray and brown and overcooked with almost no veggies. Really disappointing. My Pad Lard Na was no way even made today. I've had a great experience eating in here but take out sucks. Great service though. Taking back my leftovers tomorrow. Restaurants never know how to improve if you do not let them know. Help them and their patrons by letting establishments know when they do not meet your expectations. It's your hard earned money and you deserve to receive what you paid for (fresh good food) and not tomorrow mornings garbage.
5	(Lyrics - Toni Basil - Hey Mickey)Oh, Tottie, you're so goodYou're so good you fill my bellyHey, TottieHey, TottieOh, Tottie, you're so goodYou're so good you fill my bellyHey, TottieHey, TottieOh, Tottie, you're so goodYou're so good you fill my bellyHey, TottieHey, TottieHey, TottieI've been eating all nightAnd that's never too longI think you've got fried riceand I think I'll order some pad thaiI can handle some Thai spiceand I would like to take some home, TottieHey Tottie your food is so good so good hey Tottie!  One of the best Asian fusion cuisines in town by far.  Tottie has been featured in local magazines as one of the top chefs around that valley.  That really says something and needless to say Tottie's Asian Fusion doesn't disappoint.I suggest family style since the dishes here are large.  I'm a big fan of the Tom Yum soup, Pad See Ew, and Chiang Mai Noodles.  The level of spice is up to you.  I can hang with the best however, I'll have to pass on the Thai spice haha!  I like to be able to taste my food aside from the spiciness.Overall, the food is excellent, but also the decors are amazing.  Local artist Gary Hostellero doesn't hold back as he displays some of his finest works around the restaurant.  Live music during the weekends and a great atmosphere makes Tottie's a place for great dining and great chill out spot. - Enjoy!
3	Food is great, service terrible. Sloooow... We've been coming here for years now so we know what to expect.  If it wasn't for the great thai food, we'd never come here.  Patience and a nothing but time to kill are a prerequisite.
3	I love this place! 25x = great meals.However I took my mom and daughter to eat got Chunky/Blonde hostess/waitress with bad attitude! Kitchen was overwhelmed on a tues nite? Daughter served WAY after us? Mom spoke up & she went into Stupid&Slow gear as punishment. Last year totties son?Michael? bartender was a Capital Prick, we used to look see if he was working then go get wings/beers elsewhere. Tottie is so nice when she's out of the kitchen ill be back- just weary......
5	The best thai food in town. Fresh, quality ingredients. Food takes a little time but is well worth the wait.
2	Not a great version of Singapore Rice Noodles. The dish was overwhelmed with curry and not the normal yellow curry that most places use, but a green variety. The beef that they put in the dish (instead of pork) was practically inedible and they must use the lousy beef for these kinds of dishes. I can't picture a real beef dish with this slop involved. The noodles were also wet and very bad once you started digging through and they were cut oddly as well. The rice was a failure as well, more mushy junk that did not get tasted before heading out of the kitchen. Egg rolls are four to an order and they say crispy on the menu, but will arrive mushy and looking crispy, but no crunch at all. Also, this place has different prices on the website compared to the menu. 8 bucks for those eggrolls now. Extra star because staff made me laugh when I picked up food, but bad meal to start the year.
1	awful. FOOD IS GROSS, you do not know what you are eating.  It is not good at all.
4	I got the Tai Pho and it was very good and came in good proportion. Not the best pho I have ever had but, it does pass for a good dinner meal. The restaurant is very nice outside and inside. Our waitress was very lovely. There was much to complain.
5	Really, really enjoyed both the pho and the Thai dishes including the crab curry.  Best combination of quality and quantity in Asian food, our family has had since moving from Toronto to Arizona!!
3	I used to love Totties, but I was just told that they are too busy to make my to-go order. I was literally told the owner has said to turn customers away. No other reason than they are busy. No, they didn't say it will be a long wait. Just no, we can't take your order. I even asked if I could come in and place the order ... still no. I feel like I just got punished by the soup nazi. No soup for you! Well, I guess I'm no longer a Tottie's regular. More like a Tottie's never.(Ok, I've calmed down now ... I'll be back.)
4	Tottie's deserves an update due to my hastily written, hangry induced review below. For those of you that don't know, which is a shame, hangry is when you're so hungry you're angry. We've all seen those Snickers commercials ...Tottie's is one of my go-to places and I can't leave 3 stars hanging around if I want to show my face in there again ... no one can keep me from my delicious Tottie Rolls. Not even myself!
4	Delicious dinner, calamari with panang curry, pad thai with large shrimp and kung pao chicken.   Everything excellent and service prompt and courteous. Definitely reccomend it surprised it wasnt full on a Saturday night!
2	This is a conditional two-star review that might get upgraded later if conditions warrant, as I'm told by our Scottsdale hosts who have eaten here numerous times that this is not the ordinary state of affairs. But after expressly warning our waitress about one of our party's extreme cilantro allergy -- she will go into anaphylaxis -- the kitchen turned out an appetizer with just that on it. Inattentive, slow service, and the bill came back wrong, too. In their favor, the manager gave us coupons off for a future visit, which helped smooth things over, and the food was quite tasty when it finally arrived. Worth trying again on a better night.
5	Best Asian restaurant in the Valley! Egg Drop soup is full of veggies and chicken. Spring rolls w the peanut sauce are amazing. Thai dishes are authentic and the fried rice is excellent.
4	Great food.  Service was good too.  My only compliant, and this is a strange one, is that the portions are so large that we really over bought.  We had five entree dishes between four adults and three kids.  Each entree would serve 2 to 3 people easily.   Easily over half what we ordered was leftover. I felt the waitress could have let us know.   Since we are flying out of town, and therefore no point in wrapping for another day- it meant a lot of wasted food which I dislike.  Other than that, 5 stars.  Fast service and nice location.
5	Super yummy. Tried a sampler app and two other apps, everything we'd be super happy to eat again Also received great service! Gotta check this place out!
5	It's becoming more obvious to me that these reviews fluctuate not as much from each persons experience, but from some peoples attitudes. I think some reviewers enjoy being constantly disgruntled.That being said - beautiful decor, very unique art on display, friendly and attentive staff, quick service, HUGE portions and the food itself was phenomenal. Fried tofu, pad Thai, vegetarian fried rice, cucumber salad and spring rolls were all ordered and absolutely everything was top notch. In the cooler months I would love to dine on the patio - tons of lush greenery - doesn't even look like Arizona. Awesome happy hour specials on drinks and appetizers as well.
5	What a great experience - the food was delicious from the appetizers to the main course, and the plates were overflowing.  My wife and I were actually able to get two more dinners from the leftovers.  The staff were extremely accommodating and friendly, and very willing to make changes to the menu.  Lastly, the seating is very comfortable and isolated so you're not sitting right on top of the next table.We will definitely be going back for more of those delicious Gyoza and some Pad Thai.
4	This review is purely for the bar service I received. I have been wanting to dine at Totties' for a while and I will soon! I stopped in for a glass of wine at the end of a long work day. The attentive bartender was super friendly and accommodating.. I watched all the servers at work and looked over the menu and saw that the employees are very kind, welcoming and knowledgeable I look forward to dinning here soon~
5	Wow! I love love love this restaurant. We went on a Saturday night and it was not too crowded. We were seated right away in the table that we chose and they brought out water right away. Our server was the nicest lady. We ordered every dish based on her recommendations and she did not disappoint. We started with the lemongrass spring rolls which were perfect. Light and healthy, and delicious. For our main course, I ordered the green curry with chicken and my husband ordered the red curry with chicken. Both were phenomenal and both were huge. I can't decide which one I like better. So so yummy. And we have lunch tomorrow, too, so many leftovers. Yum yum yum. Anytime I am in the area I will eat here. You should do the same. The best Thai I have ever had, by a clear mile.
4	What a great find. Wanted something different and after reading the reviews decided to give it a try. Had an appetizer as my dinner and the presentation was amazing. There was a little fire pit to 'cook' the appetizers and it came with four amazing dipping sauces. Will definitely go back again.
4	Went in for lunch and had the beef pho which was very good. The service however, was poor. They appeared busy with only two waitresses who didn't really greet me nor act to interested that I was there. Despite this l, I will give the benefit of the doubt that they were just very busy and go back because the food was yummy :)
5	The whole experience is amazing! Totties has an amazing and very high end Asian atmosphere and fantastic food to go with it. They even grow their own herbs and some other items in a garden out back. We've been here twice and the staff has been great too. Totties holds my heart when it comes to Thai food in the valley!
5	I love this place.  I usually order from here once or twice a week.  I'm a Pho addict and my boyfriend loves the sesame chicken.  We often dine in too as the decor and decorations are interesting.  It's a very comfy and intimate feeling dining in and/or on their patio in the cooler months.I've eaten a lot of Pho from other restaurants around the valley and Tottie's is in my top two! :)
4	Great authentic Thai and Viet-Chinese. Friendly, neat decor and reasonably priced. Huge portions and lots of fresh herbs. A winner.
5	Place is soooo cute! Decorations are gorgeous and colorful. Service is great. Tottie even makes personal appearances. Food was delicious. I ordered Pad See Ew and my dad got Pad Kra Prao. Delicious and portions are huge! Service is quick and sincere. And food came out fresh from the kitchen right away.
4	An offbeat bistro just north of Downtown Scottsdale that knows the key to good Asian fusion: mix the menu, not the dishes.Tottie's offers large portions of hearty, and authentic, Asian cuisine that ranges from Chinese to Vietnamese to Thai to the owner's native Laotion.We began the meal with an order of Vietnamese summer rolls, packed with shrimp, greens, mint, and a roasted pork that brought to mind char siu. The peanut dipping sauce added a pleasant touch. This was followed by a silky Panang curry, an on-point pad thai, and a ginger-basil salmon. There were no weak links, even if the Panang curry was a little muted and the pad thai noodles on the thinner side.For the size of the dishes and quality of preparation, the meal was a good choice for a late lunch.
3	Ambience was nice and their chowmein and orange chicken was good. Portions could be a little bigger otherwise a decent place to visit.
4	The location does not do this restaurant any justice, right next door to a plan parenthood. Food is excellent, best Asian food around.
5	If you are looking for a pretty filling lunch, stop by tottie's! I ordered the lunch portion of orange chicken and it came with my choice of side, spring roll, and a salad. Everything tastes great. I didn't get the pleasure of dining in but the too go service was on par with the rest.
3	Great deal on appetizers but they're pretty small and mediocre.The pho has an excellent broth but the quality of ingredients really left something to be desired, I'd definitely revisit for the pho but it wouldn't be my first choice.
5	Some of the best panang curry I've eaten.  Always right on with the spice level, service is great and it's a nice relaxed atmosphere.
1	Food is out of a can or frozen, not worth the time nor money, just to.many other places that are much better, they dont give you much, and be near a bathroom after you eat there!
5	Btw... Get the sesame chicken.  It is wonderful too.
5	I am OBSESSED with their pad Thai! We've had their curry something too which was delicious! But I could eat the pad Thai daily! So thankful I found this place! The decor has lots of elephants and is a very calming, relaxed atmosphere. The patio is nice and private. The service is always wonderful including when I just pick up the order to go!This is a must stop if you are craving thai food! Plus they have great happy hour menu too!
4	We were pleasantly surprised with this place.  It's tucked away and hard to find.  It combines Thai, Chinese and Japanese (a full sushi bar is coming November 2014.)   The Thai peanut was great.  Their happy hour menu and sauces were great too.  We will definitely be back for the sushi.
3	Overall, food was just okay. If you're looking for authentic ThaiViet food, then this is not the place for you.ENVIRONMENT - Great date night restaurant. Decor and ambiance is exotic. We felt seated very comfortably and could chat away without the background music or other tables being too loud.SERVICE - Friendly and prompt.FOOD - Both the noodle dishes just didn't feel quite right.. but that's probably why it's Asian-fusion.+ Pho (beef and meatballs) - This was approx $8, and it was a good size, with generous amounts of beansprouts. However, this is not your traditional Pho broth - you're better off going to a legit Viet place for pho. The beef was also the thick slices of beef, which I'm not used to. Pho usually comes with the thinly sliced beef. Not a fan of this here.+ Spicy seafood noodle soup - Approx $12. The waitress asked me the level of spiciness I preferred. I told them mild, but this noodle soup was far from mild. It wasn't even spicy at all, you can probably increase your level of spiciness if you're more tolerant.  This is a  little more on the expensive side for noodle soups... which they try to make up for it by offering more tilapia fish fillets in the noodles.  It also comes with shrimp which was not very flavourful. I don't think I'll get this again next time either...+ Thai Iced tea - $3. This was the only item on the menu that I thought was authentic. For those who have not ordered Thai iced tea before - it's on the sweet side fyi!  I probably wouldn't be coming back if I'm in this area..
5	If Totties couldn't have gotten better- they added a sushi bar!!!Not only that but I asked what they recommended and they made something special with my favorites incorporated! Tottie is the sweetest!Great service, amazing food, great ambiance, it's a must to come here!
4	Good food/ excellent service / patio dining. The Pho is exceptionally good and priced 8.95 is a great value - spring rolls were fresh and tasty . Highly recommend this Resturant and they also gave a sushi bar ...
5	I love the flavors of the panang curry. The atmosphere is beautiful enough to impress a first date. I love this place, the staff and of course the food!
4	This is literally one of the best Asian lunches I've had in quite some time.   I had the chicken and vegetables.   The chicken was tender and plentiful and the vegetables were crisp.  Plenty to take home and roll up in a burro the next morning.
2	Ordered the fried tofu which was good and crispy, did not like the peanut sauce that accompanied the tofu. Whoever dropped my food off was so quick to leave I seriously couldn't tell who did it since they were all wearing black. Ordered the pho with steak and meatballs for my entree. Pho came out not even hot- mildly warm. It was very bland. I rarely send food back but it was just terrible. When I told the server it wasn't hot and I didn't really care for it she took it away. She came back immediately and dropped  my check off. I was planning on ordering the hot and sour soup instead but I was really given no option. It was a little disappointing. Most likely never coming back to this restaurant. I felt bad, all the staff looked irritated that evening. I felt like a burden being a patron at the restaurant.*update: the owner reached out and was very understanding and apologetic. Even offered a refund. I appreciate the concern and just may give it another try
