5	I was tattooed by Joey, the owner in January, 2013.  First off, the shop is AMAZING!!  Cleaner than any gourmet restaurant, the place is decorated beautifully, from the walls, wood floor and floor to ceiling snake enclosure with the tree boas.  The music and atmosphere were relaxing and unlike most tattoo shops I've seen, no headbanging speed metal and trashy furniture.  Joey is an unbelievably talented artist, and works quickly and efficiently.  I brought my own personal design for a New York themed tattoo and he did not disappoint, putting his own spin on outstanding script lettering, deep outline and perfect shading.  In addition to his design artistry, Joey is TOP NOTCH at script lettering!  He provides great instructions for after-care so the tattoo heals properly and holds its brilliance.  My wife and I are both scheduled for tattoos with Joey in the upcoming months, and can't wait to get back in the chair.  Joey's beautiful wife Michelle handles all the scheduling and is very pleasant to deal with.  Do NOT waste your time with the trashy, overpriced garbage tattoo shops with the flash all over the walls.  Reverent tattoo is THE place to go in Las Vegas for bad ass ink!!!!
5	My girlfriend and I were both tattooed by Joseph haef's.  his work is amazing.  Michelle and the rest of the crew is extremely friendly and inviting.  The shop is always clean.  The art on the walls is interesting to look at.  I will be coming back for everything tattoo related.
5	Stopped in here Friday afternoon wanting some new ink.  Everyone was friendly and even though I didn't have an appointment they worked me in and I'm now sporting my sons names on my wrists.  Great work, I will be back for more...
5	Amy did a detailed tattoo of Ariel on my foot for only $120! All the artists are so incredibly talented and amazingly nice! Amy even have out hugs to my boyfriend and I when we came, lol. I have another appointment with her this weekend and have nothing but positive and exciting thoughts! I plan to have her finish my thigh piece that I originally got done at another shop (The artist didn't call me back for MONTHS at a time and, honestly, Amy could definitely do better and could probably fix up some of the mistakes he made.)I recommend Reverent to EVERYONE. Absolutely amazing, whether it's a color piece, black and white, or just something tiny. Great customer service too!
5	The only place I will ever go to get tattooed. I stand by Reverent Tattoo and everyone who works here. They are all friendly, knowledgable, and talented. You will not be disappointed. The shop is beautiful, comfortable, friendly, and most importantly clean. They are always honest, upfront, and give you exactly what you pay for... a beautiful piece of art. I have three pieces done and am going for my fourth next month! I will always be a Reverent girl.
5	I went in and got my tattoo done on 8/13 by Austin, and he did an AMAZING JOB! He did the Filipino sun and 3 stars for me on my front right shoulder and he free styled the art inside of the objects. Everyone at the shop was really friendly and when I saw everyone else's work, they all looked great! I would recommend anyone to come here. When you first come in and explain what you want, they really try to set you up with the best artist that fits your desired artwork :) thanks again Austin! Hopefully I'll be seeing you again!
3	Joey and his wife are friendly and make you feel extremely comfortable.  I went there to cover up and redo my old tattoo. Joey worked with me to make sure I was happy. He ended up not feeling comfortable with redoing my tattoo at the time. He told me to try laser sessions then come back and if they dont work out i can come back to him.I appreciate that he kept it real and did not just let me walk out unhappy But when the laser did not work out I went back to talk to him and he did not keep his word about helping me out. His wife acted like she didn't remember me and then told me that  most likley Joey wouldn't do my tattoo if I was already turned away. Great customer service in the beginning but I was really disappointed at the end.  I really like his work and was hoping he would help me out.
5	I'd never go anywhere else. Amazing artists with awesome personalities! I love the shops design, small but very personable. Joey & Michelle do an amazing job. & I'm in love with my leg pieces from Austin! Thanks for all the good work Austin & Joey!!
