5	This is, to me, the best gun shop in the South Hills area.  Greg -- the owner -- and his staff are extremely friendly, and they manage to make even the complete newbie feel welcome and valuable.  More impressively, they are sensitive to the needs of women, minorities, and youth -- for instance, a woman is available to help female customers talk through gun selection, concealed carry, and other topics.  Guns Priced Right gives off the same kind of vibe that you used to see in the best mom-and-pop stores in America: a business built by people who are so passionate about their hobby that the hobby became a business.  These guys will not push you or try to upsell you just because they want to make a commission.  They will not talk down to you, or treat you with suspicion/dismissal because of your sex or the color of your skin.  They currently have one of the best selections of guns in the area, they do layaway, and have a great consignment policy: they'll sell your gun for you, and you get 90% of the sale price.When I came in here on a Saturday with my wife and infant son, I had no idea what to expect.  Most gun shops I've been to (a) aren't welcoming of babies, (b) treat women like they were children, (c) treat minorities like they were criminals, and (d) are insensitive to the first-time gun buyer.  At Guns Priced Right, the staff (a) oohed and aahed over my baby, (b) treated my wife with the respect I feel she deserves, (c) treated me like a valued customer ... almost as if I were an old friend they hadn't seen in years, and (d) answered every question -- no matter how simple -- correctly and with aplomb.  And they had the gun I wanted (no small feat, given the current political climate) for a more than fair price point!In sum, this is my new gun shop of choice in the Whitehall/West Mifflin/Dravosburg area.
5	These guys are great. Prices are EXCELLENT!!  I bought a Ruger SR9C and they took their time and showed me a lot of guns.  They also carry hard to find ammo. I will be back. Soon.
