4	This is a fresh review, i am writing this while my stomach is digesting the delicious Rainbow roll that I just devoured... This place used to be Sushi Dan about 3 or 4 months ago and was bought out and now has all new staff and management. I happen to work next door and we order lunch through them from time to time and today it was exceptional... The Rainbow Roll was perfect and the Tempura Vegetables tasted as if they were garden fresh.........and then fried or course. The prices here are reasonable and the atmosphere is nice, we eat in our own building but they have a very roomy dining area and the dine in service is awesome. This is a great location to get a quick lunch. The fish is always fresh and I have never had a bad lunch since it has been under new ownership.
4	Yay for there being  a new awesome sushi option on the west side. I'm not a huge fan of AYCE, so I love finding places with fresh sushi at affordable lunch time prices! Their lunch deal is the best I've ever seen at a sushi place. You get miso soup + a nigiri platter (tuna, pepper tuna, salmon, shrimp, and albacore I believe), then you also get to pick any roll on the menu. Depending on which roll you pick, the combo is either $9.95 or $12.95. So basically I got soup, a 5 piece nigiri platter, and a huge 8 piece roll for $9.95. The dinner price on the roll itself is $9.95 so the soup + nigiri platter is a nice throw in. I felt like I was dining at a night club. Projector screens , club music, over the top decor, etc. It's quite huge and was pretty empty today. I sure hope they make it!
3	Good sushi, little pricy. Guess they have a good 1/2 price happy hour, would probably go back then.
5	Just finished lunch from Momoyama... Once again the food was excellent, I had the Soft Shell Crab Roll which was awesome. They do not scimp on the crab and as a matter of fact they not only make the roll they also put an entire cooked soft shell crab with your roll.. Very delicious and worth the money..  And it does not hurt that they are next door.
4	I went a few weeks ago and tried their happy hour special. It was good but not great and I felt they were over priced.  Then about a week ago I saw they now offer all you can eat sushi.  Well I'm a huge fan of that so I stopped in and looked at their menu and loved what I saw.  $26 for dinner (most other places charge $27.95)  The place is beautiful but it's sooo empty, no one is there.  But don't let that stop ya.  The staff is VERY friendly.  The sushi chef did a fantastic job with each thing I ordered.  I loved every bite.  Very fresh, loved the look and would DEFINITELY be back.  The only very small thing I was disappointed in was they don't offere natto (fermented soybean) for those who are a fan of that. And they had a roll on their regular menu that is wrapped in cucumber that is not on their all you can eat menu (I've had this roll at other places and it's really good) but no big deal.  I now definitely reccomend this place to everyone.  Great value, GREAT food (just stay away from the happy hour menu, it's overpriced for the amount of food ya get)
1	I'm sorry but this place SUX! My GF went here 1st and got crappy ass service but claimed food was ok, atmosphere was nice. So I decided ok they had a bad night, let's try again. Sushi rolls were like flat tires! Quality was....ok. check? Like 70 bux for a few rolls me and GF only! I eat at lots of sushi places, and I felt robbed when I left this place. Do yourself a favor, roll over to sushi fever or son of japan and pass this place by! WTF, they were empty too! Too many good places around to waste your time here. Hope this helps......sorry momoyama, but I gave you a second chance and you blew it.
4	Momoyama was actually a pleasant surprise. After reading what fellow yelpers had wrote I was a lil hesistant to try it. We came here for one of my brother's birthday dinners.  I have a pretty large family.....a family of 8 including the bf. We were all able to fit in the big booth and cozy up with one another since it was a very rainy night. It wasn't busy at all when we got there and we were seated right away. I briefly browsed through the menu and I was surprised that they had AYCE. You know me and my sushi fetish, BUT I was not hungry enough to do AYCE. I ended up getting the shrimp tempura udon, halibut nigri and a roll. The halibut was fresh and the roll was pretty delicious. It made me wish that I had gotten the AYCE. The shrimp tempura udon came out piping hot and the tempura was a vsriety of 2 shrimps, carrots, broccoli, cucumber and sweet potato? I felt the price and what you got was definitely reasonable. Unlike most places though, the udon and broth is just that..some places add crab cake and seaweed flakes but this was just plain and simple. My aunt had ordered a couple of rolls and I ended up trying the 911. Let me tell you it was 911 spicy! but delicious in a way. The bf went with the chicken teriyaki dinner and although it was oversauced he said it was good. Service was attentive and everything came out fairly quickly. Overall, this place was good and I think that everyone should give it a try.
4	The thing that really stands out about Momoyama was the service. I enjoy the fact that I can go into the restaurant after a few weeks and the waitress knows what I want to drink.  Great service goes a long way for me.The food is pretty good. It is All You Can Eat. I will go here again and again.
4	My friend and I were looking for food options after coming out of a gift buying party. Shopping builds up the appetite ...the Hor Devours at the party were just not going to cut it! We were leaning towards our usual Chinese Buffet but we are trying to eat better so we decided on Momoyama. We never really ate at non buffets together before so ordering was a bit of a challenge. We wanted to share a roll and get an entree each. I was planning to get something like a Spicy Crab Roll, California Roll ...a wannabe Sushi roll? My friend doesn't like eating anything with fake crab in it ...she wanted a Deep Fried Spicy Tuna Roll. I was hesitant because my first Sushi experience ordering a Philadelphia Roll is something I would like to forget! That came with a big piece of raw fish. I shuddered at the memory of me gagging on it. She saw that I wasn't really liking this idea but eventually I gave in because I figured I'm older now maybe I would like it this time. The first bite was okay it left a bit of an after taste but as I started to eat them it tasted better and better! I then ordered some Chicken Curry that came with a side of white rice. The Curry reminded me of a mildly thicker soup which could be eaten without rice. The next day I had my left overs with out rice and it was still very good! It wasn't made with coconut milk so it had a different taste than Thai Curry but it was still tasty.
2	I went to this Sushi place with my family and we ordered a couple nigiri that did not fill anyone up and udon. This place is wayyy too expensive, for just eating a couple bites, our bill came out to almost $90. We were all shocked when we looked at the check. They charged us 18% service charge so we decided to leave no tip. We asked if they had any promotions but nope.. none! I mean the food wasn't too bad, but for the price, it makes it taste bad! You can go to Kobe or Sushi Mon for better deals, do not waste your money here, you can get better sushi and leave satisfied with your moneys worth!
1	one of the worst restaurant I've ever been to! First of all, on a Friday night they are out of all the popular but expensive fish as Uni,halibut, mirugai!!! Their tuna was frozen and their salmon was fishy! The manager of the establishment set an hour limit on the all you can eat although it doesn't state that anywhere on the menu. Avoid this place if youre looking for excellent service, fresh fish, and quality!!!
5	Amazing sushi & friendly staff.   They include sashimi with AYCE.  Top quality fish & very tasty sushi.  I've tried all kinds of food.  Nigiri, sashimi, sushi rolls, beef short ribs, chicken katsu, mussels... etc.  Everything I had there was very very good.  I totally recommend it.  Ask for Chase & tell him Mickie recommend the place.
1	ZERO STARS!  Don't waste your time or money.  I was so disappointed with this place, I signed up for YELP just to tell people about it!  Service is brutal..I mean awful...unprofessional and rude.  We ordered the all you can eat sushi and were quoted one price and billed a price that was much higher.  It was over $100 for LUNCH!!!!  They add an 18% gratuity automatically....so don't tip if you would ever dare to go here.  When we asked about why the price was higher on our bill than what we were told it would be, the server and the guy at the sushi bar shrugged their shoulders and said that was "just the way it is".  We promplty removed any tip from the bill and after we left realized that they charged us 18% already for  a tip.  We had decided long before we were overcharged that we would not be returning because of the poor service and mediocre food.  The fish was not fresh, rolls are drowned is sauces to attempt to make them taste better.  I travel for work and eat at restaurants 5+ times per week and can honestly say that I have never ever has sushi this bad or been treated this poorly in any restaurant.  If I can save at least 1 person from wasting their money here...this was worth it.  I guess I should have used YELP more often....If I had of read the other reviews....we would never have gone there.  By the time anyone reads this, the three of us should be over the stomach aches and cramps that we all have.  Out of 10 reviews on this restaurant......3  THREE other groups of people were sick after eating here.!!!!!
1	It is rare that I give such a low rating for a restaurant, however service plays a very important role in the dining experience for me. Was joined by two coworkers to have some after-work drinks and sashimi. When we entered at 6:00PM, the place was empty. The workers were all hanging at the front door waiting for someone (anyone) to dine. When we sat down, the waitress asked if we wanted a drink. I asked if they had chambord for a martini, and she said she would ask. Well, she walked over to a guy playing on the cash register and asked him and then walked away to clean tables....she never returned! About 10 minutes passed and the dude at the cash register finally came over and asked if we wanted anything to drink. When I brought up the earlier request for chambord, he said he doubted they had any. We waited for nearly 15 minutes without a glass of water, a drink....nothing. That was all I needed to say "Sayounara" and we were out of there. Sad....we were still the only guests in this place.....
1	This place use to be sushi dans, all they did is change the name.the service is horrible and we were the only ones in there during dinner, guess I know why now. I went in for the AYCE and sake they tried to charge me for the sake, even though they had a sign outside saying it was AYCE and sake. This place is a joke, the sushi isn't half bad but the whole experience killed it.There are way better sushi places in vegas than here, like blue fin!
4	A great little AYCE sushi joint!  On a Saturday night, it was a little "empty", but we met the new owner and he seems like he has a great vision for the future.We enjoyed endliess varieties of sashimi & hand rolls.  The Spider Roll is a fav of mine and it didn't disappoint!The chefs were very friendly and attentive.  I might consider a power lunch here in my future!  Prices very reasonable and a nice atmosphere completed it nicely.
2	This place keeps going on the decline. Their all you can eat menu is down to a zerox copy with a very limited selection. All they do is make all the other sushi places around Vegas looked so much better.
3	Was hoping for an exceptional tempura. It was not to be. The spicy tuna was really good. A little disappointed in everything else.  AYCE was $26, I definitely got my money's worth. - Update7//2, drove by there today and it's called something else.  Can't remember the name.
4	This place is awesome! Especially for those who don't like raw sushi.
