5	I can't say enough good things about this place.  I drive about  7 miles out of my way to get there but it is so worth it! The reasons i love it are as follows:I have three children a boy who is 3.5 and twin girls who are 2. They have been attending since January and the progress i have seen in them is unbelievable! My son has a "communication disorder and speech delay". He is about a year behind in speech. When he started he was at a standstill with saying new words. Within 2 weeks he was saying about 3 new words and picking up new sign. Not to mention this the FIRST place he has not cried when i dropped him off, he literally waves bye and goes to play. His speech and communication has only continued to improved drastically as well as his behavior and listening skills. The girls have also BLOSSOMED, in social, speech, and receptive skills. Every week they do a themed curriculum and the rafts and activities are wonderful.My kids are also now recognizing letters and can almost spell their names! never thought that would happen at this age.      The staff is wonderful, they listen to concerns, if there is behavior issues they have wonderful ways of redirecting and engaging them. The facility has a great set up, there is a great courtyard and playground area. The classroom has endless activities.    The only thing some might consider a "con" is that lunch is not provided, parents must pack their childrens lunches and/or breakfast. To me this is actually a PLUS. My son is so picky that at other daycares he would go without eating. And i have preferences like whole wheat/ organic/ no sugar etc. This ensures i know exactly what my kids are eating and that they will eat what is put in front of them. The school does provide a snack.LOVE this place! thank you seek.
1	I base my rating on the fact that it's impossible to get anyone on the phone or to return my phone calls. I sent a tour request online and heard nothing. Then, a couple days later I called twice and left a voicemail and nothing. So disappointing. They looked so promising.
5	We love this school so much!  My son first started at SEEK almost 2 years ago when he was 2 years old.  When we first started there, I saw an instant increase in his ability to communicate clearly as well as improvement in overall development.  I had liked our previous daycare center, but this improvement was a big difference and I really felt like SEEK was the cause of this change.  I felt like he enjoyed the previous daycare he attended too, however he was always ready to come home when I picked him up.  Every day for the past two years since starting at SEEK, he has never wanted to come home when I go to pick him up :).  He just loves it there!  I love the teachers and staff at SEEK as well.  My little guy is always talking about his wonderful teachers when we are at home :).  As he is getting older and can tell me more about his day, I hear more and more about the great things he is learning at school.  The teachers are great communicators and I always hear how my son is doing in class.  They held parent-teacher conferences this year which was a great way to ask the teacher questions and hear about his development.  SEEK also has great opportunities for family events, like most recently they held a Mother's Day Tea.  The teachers are very qualified and educated in child development, but I also feel as though my son is loved at school as well :).  It really is the best combination!  I can't say enough good things about this school.  Even the classrooms themselves are better than in a lot of daycare centers and preschools that I have visited.  There are a lot of windows that let natural light in and they have a good amount of outdoor space with coverings to shade the kids.  After being here, I wouldn't take my kids anywhere else!
5	Our family loves SEEK.  I went to several daycares that either seemed too small and cramped, too many children, too expensive, or the kids looked unclean and sad.  When I found SEEK I didn't see ANY of those problems.  The teachers are really involved and come up with very creative daily activities, the space is large with a huge outdoor playground, and everything is very clean and organized.  The teachers seem to really care about my son and his learning progress.  They have taught him so much including speech improvement, potty training, and he already knows his numbers, colors, shapes, and letters and he's not even 3 yet!  There prices are reasonable and my son loves it.  He goes into "school" excited (he used to cry every time I would take him to the other daycare) and comes out telling me all the things he did.  I would highly recommend SEEK to others!
5	My sons love SEEK.  I don't consider this 'day care' - SEEK is a traditional preschool setting.  The teachers are amazing and really care about the children.  They do crafts with them all the time and are always teaching them new things - they even taught them sign language!   The teachers, staff, and directors are very open and also offer great advice.   They have different events throughout the year for parents to join their kids - we really enjoyed 'art night' in which they made a collage of your kid's artwork with their picture and put in on display.   Highly recommend SEEK!
