5	You know, it is hard to go wrong when you have a store coupon, manufactuers coupons and the items you want are on sale too!I LOVE Ulta.  It is the only place that still sells my haircolor.  They have a rewards program where you can earn free stuff based on the amount of your purchases over a period of 3 months.  They have the range of makeup, fragrance and hair products from the ultra cheap to the ultra expensive.  They have really good sales too.  I always check out their clearance section too.  They have a salon there too, but I have never tried it.
4	I am really super picky when it comes to stylists. I feel like many places are expensive just to be expensive, most notably the extremely overpriced day spa/hair styling/massage/pedicure/manicure/jewelry line selling monstrosities around the valley. After having a sub par experience at one of those places I decided to give Ulta a try. They were running their holiday deal. A cut and accent highlights for $50! Super cheap!Lacey Jo did my cut and color, during the morning of Christmas Eve. I felt like she understood exactly what I wanted and didn't need too much guidance. I got a graduated bob that I wanted very short in the back. The last place I went to, the stylist pushed me against going super short in the back saying something about it not working well with my hair type. I found that to be odd considering I had it done before and it worked well. Thankfully Lacey Jo didn't say any such garbage and cut it how I wanted, which was fabulous! She massaged my scalp for what seemed like 15 minutes when she washed it (heaven) and was very nice and personable throughout the experience. The great thing is, it's only $40 for a cut and $50 for the accent highlights normally which is WAY cheaper than so many other places out there. I was so thrilled with my service here that I booked out my next appointment upon leaving, something I never do.
1	I'll first say that I love Ulta's coupons but really, that's the only reason. I always, always find that they're out of popular products I need, especially when coupons are out. It's extremely irritating especially when they are the only place that carries a certain product I use daily. This location in particular has extremely rude sales associates. If you ask them a question, don't be surprised if you get a cold shoulder and feel like you've asked them to run a marathon or something. I purposely avoid this location when I have to go to ULTA.
1	vanessa was right on when she said the sales people are really rude there, at least most of them.  I felt like i was not welcomed there.  maybe bc my hair was up in a bun and i'm chunky?? i don't know but it's especially there at this location i've experienced this. I'll give other ulta locations a try next time but if this continues I'd rather order off of amazon bc they have everything ulta has and i don't have to drive and get it, and experience rude looks from employees there that think they're the bomb or something.
5	I work near this location and went in for convenience but now I will never get my hair done anywhere else!  Ashleigh is an amazing stylist and the whole staff is upbeat, friendly, and helpful.
4	Ulta sells a wide range of brands of beauty products from drug store brands to high-end designer brands.  The cool thing is that they actually accept manufacturer coupons. They also have their own coupons and frequent sales, so you can get good deals here.
1	The coupons are misleading. The staff are not properly informed or can't keep up with the advertised promotions and either don't honor the promotion or give you the wrong promo items.
4	Got a blow out here, positive experience. They took me appointment day before, no walk ins left so book in advance. Stylist was a sweetheart! I would for sure go back. A little pricier than I expected but worth it. Wash and Dry with some style about $30, $40 with tip. I'm use to $20 with a cocktail :).
1	This review is for the salon services. I came here to get my hair highlighted. I had bad roots and wanted more of a full coverage look. I asked my stylist if I should dye my whole head or highlight. She suggested highlighting then she would go in with a root touch up. This sound like a good idea to me. The stylist was super friendly and I really wanted to like her. She took off the towel for the grand reveal and right away I told her it was too light and brassy. I had to ask for toner. Asking for toner as a blonde is my #1 pet peeve. I expect stylists to know to use it, and I shouldn't have to suggest it.Anyway she used toner which helped a little in toning down the brassiness but the color was terrible. She kept explaining I wasn't used to seeing my roots covered which I felt was true. I went home still not happy.the result left me crying...seriously crying in my room for days.I called back to see if the damage could be fixed before going back to New York. At this point my hair was yellow like a pineapple. Still crying went to the salon met with another stylist. She told me we can't do anything. NOTHING. Except wash it and hope it fades. I was terrified. We went for a washing and my hair was still yellow.She explained another customer came in with the same problem, they tried fixing it but dyed her hair purple instead. yikes. Seems like they have a major problem. The new stylist tried to charge me for a wash....a wash?!?! I left again crying over my yellow hair that couldn't be fixed. Went home and googled solutions. Using purple shampoo came up. So I did just that.  And fixed my hair myself.I'm pretty disappointed the stylist didn't give me this tip. It would've been nice since ulta is a beauty supply store for her to suggest purple shampoo and a product while there, but nope. Luckily, I had purple shampoo at home. It's a hair saver.Never again will I trust ULTA with my hair. The experience was awful and my hair still looks pretty messed. Luckily, roots are growing back.
2	I can say that I have had great experiences with their salon department (Gloria is A-Mazing!), but the cosmetic side is downright awful. Today was the last straw for me. Literally, EVERY SINGLE TIME I go in there to stock up on my cosmetic products, they are out of most of the things I need. I don't know who is in charge of maintaining their stock, but they have no clue what they are doing because they can't ever seem to keep enough product on their shelves. It's been this way for over a year. Want the latest eyeshadow palette that came out? Forget it, they'll be out of it. Looking for your favorite black eyeliner pencil? Forget it, they'll be out of that too. Want to shop for a new eyeliner because they are out of yours? Ha! Good luck finding a tester and having to spend $20 on a new one without knowing if its worth the money. On top of that, while shopping today, I was watched like a hawk by the lady working in cosmetics. She was really friendly, but goodnight! I don't want someone standing 5 feet away from me as I browse the isles for 45 minutes. Whenever I changed isles, she did. It was so absurd. Sorry I didn't curl my hair to perfection and put on a ton of makeup before I came shopping today, but this isn't Scottsdale and it certainly doesn't mean that I'm a thief.So I finally went to check out, expecting that since I was spending the $30 or more on Benefit products, that I would get my free travel size Benefit items that they were promoting on signs in the store (hooray for free travel size of They're Real Mascara!). Did he offer them to me when he finished checking me out? No. I had to ASK for them as he was trying to send me on my way, and then acted like I ruined his day by bringing it up. Ridiculous. I won't be shopping here anymore. I am not going to spend money on high-end cosmetics at a store that treats me like a thief, is constantly out of everything I need, and doesn't adhere to the special promotions that THEY have advertised. No thanks. Sephora here I come!
5	Went here for a bang trim, since my usual place is too far. I typically have a bad experience when I get my bangs cut, with hairdressers always chopping them too bluntly or too short. Pamela cut my bangs and was amazing at gauging exactly what I wanted, she understand the too short, too choppy issue without me saying anything and was quick, to boot. I've decided just from this bang trim to make Pamela my regular stylist. Overall, great experience and would recommend!
1	I normally shop at the Ulta near Chandler Mall...went to this one because was in the area...Walked around the whole store trying to find mascara...there was no one around to offer assistance...when I finally did find my brand, they were all out of the mascara that I use (I use several different ones too) Disappointed with this visit.
1	I'm an avid shopper at Ulta. Every time I've come in here to look, etc. employees are rude and on top of me the entire time. The reason it deserves one star is because I was here before Christmas a few years ago with my mom (shopping for my daughter) and I had a police man usher me and two other women to the back of the store. They made us empty our pockets, purses, etc. and we're extremely rude to all of us. They accused us all of being in cahoots with each other and planning to shoplift... I'd never even seen the women before! I was shaken up and very upset. But still very polite to manager and said I understood she was just looking out for the store and she was unbelievably rude and brushed me aside instead apologizing greatly, as she should have. Little did she know I was probably going to spend 100$+ on Christmas gifts! Very unfortunate because two or three of the girls here are angels and amazing helpers.
1	Would have given this store NO STARS if that was an option! Followed around the entire store the whole half hour I was in there!!! I guess you can't go in here and walk around and find what you want you need to have a specific item you're looking for. DONT go to the GILBERT location to look bc they have ALOT of theft says the Manager! and they will follow you to make sure you're not stealing!! What a way to make customers feel Welcome! I will go to my home store in Chandler they respect your privacy!
1	Had my children with me... 3 boys. I did not want them running around breaking anything so I decided to use a small cart from Marshall's so that I could spend the 100 plus dollars I was planning on. Anoth rude women pointed in the general direction I for the item I was looking for, helping me was out of the question since she was in an intense conversation with another employee. One women walked up to me and said they do not allow carts in the store. I did not agree that this was a regular size cart and reminded her that I had planned on spending 100 dollars on makeup. She said that did not natter that I needed to leave with the cart. I told her this is smaller then a double stroller she said they don't like those in there either. Don't shop here if you have children they are obviously not in support of mothers!!! Will never shop here again. Sorry for the bad grammer to mad and offended to care.
5	Nine times out of ten, I have an excellent experience here. They've always been helpful and are willing to go the extra mile to make me happy. I've been a level 7 customer more than once because of this store's diverse selection of hair, nail, and beauty products. The associates also explain the use of the product and make recommendations if you are a little lost, as I have been before.Keep up the great work, San Tan Ulta!
