1	The facility is big enough but that is kind of the only positive thing I can say.  The ice is bad, the price outrageous. My main problem however is how bad it is for families.  I've been to other facilities where we could bring an umbrella stroller (for a 1-year-old) but here-no dice.  Which is made more unfortunate because it's not posted anywhere.  We had to show up to find out.  They also don't have any walkers for inexperienced skaters-so two of my kids who were looking forward to it couldn't do much.  At least my 7 year old had fun.   I really did try to be nice to the employees when I suggested they put more on their website but they were apathetic teenagers who were less than helpful
4	Polar Ice provides a welcomed ice-skating experience for the West Valley!The facility is pretty big and the place is family-friendly.  The staff was courteous and the entertainment book coupon provided skates and access to the ice for only $6/ person.  Normal prices and open times are listed on their website:  http://www.polaricepeoria.com/page/show/46707-public-skateThe rink was busy, but not too crowded that it made it hard to skate.  The ice was generally solid, but it was a bit thin in a couple places.I would give 5 stars if it weren't for the cheap rental skates that they have and for buying a $2.50 "hot chocolate" that came with a Swiss Miss packet and some hot water in a styrofoam cup.  Maybe I'm asking too much for the packet to be opened and stirred before serving it?!Overall, again, this facility provided a fun, active, and cheap form of entertainment that will bring me back!
4	We went here for open skate. Free parking and public skate wasn't too busy and a weekday. Skating was $12.00 with rentals. I got two free passes from a raffle yaaay!! The place is clean and the rink is big! Place is well maintained and looks new. Free parking and food restaurants across the parking lot :) Check the website for open skating times. http://www.polaricepeoria.com/page/show/46707-public-skate
4	My son is doing the Coyotes Kids First Hockey program here and its been a lot of fun. I remember learning t skate here when it first opened and it doesn't seem like a lot has been done since then. Over all it's clean and the staff is great but the place isn't anything spectacular.I think we'll be continuing on with the Hockey Tots program because the coaches are really great with the kids and that is priority one.
2	Ice was choppy even after zamboni. No attendant on ice to referee reckless skaters or monitor bad falls. Kids coming out on ice in their tennis shoes. No rubber mats out, so if you brought your own skates you'd mess up the skating edge by walking on concrete. Employees seemed to be more into visiting with regulars. Session started 15 minutes late. I miss the ice rink at Metrocenter!
1	There are a lot of families here to skate tonight, yet no one is here. Website says one time, sign on office says another. Oh, did I mention the flier in the lobby says another? No times on their voicemail either. Disappointing. This is our second time here today. No one mentioned there was no public skating tonight. They said they WOULD be open.
1	The ice is bad. This place is run down.Some of the instructors need to remember that the customer pays money for lessons therefore pays their salary so they should loose the attitude!!! That goes for pretty much everyone that works there.The Ice Den is soooooo much better.
4	An ice oasis in a place where there should be double or triple the amount of ice rinks, Polar Ice brought me back to my childhood.  It was the first time I had skated since I was in my early teens.  There are 2 rinks and plenty of lockers.  But getting our tickets in and then our skates was a bit of pain due to some weird set-up on their part.  Once we got past the 30 minute wait altogether, I had tons of fun.  I just wish it was closer.
