4	I haven't been to a Ruby Tuesday's since the early 90's, back when a bunch of restaurants that all looked and sounded the same opened(TGIFridays, et al).  You know, the kind of restaurants that make the servers wear "flair," has a bunch of obnoxious crap on the wall, and has gimmicky sounding food.I wasn't really impressed then, which is probably why I haven't been back in 15+ years.But, I have this friend who is a really picky eater and ends up eating at the same restaurant 80 times in a row, finally tires of it, then moves on to the next restaurant where he repeats the process.  His current fave is the newest addition to the corporate monstrosity that is the Tempe Marketplace.  Because he's the picky one, and he's usually driving, we let him pick the place.I wasn't thrilled to go to Ruby Tuesday's.  I kept having Office Space flashbacks of that dorky kid at Chotchkie's doing the finger-as-a-gun shooting thing.  Ugh.So when I walked into the tastefully decorated restaurant with a rather large and decent salad bar, I was surprised. Our group of 5 was seated at a nice dining table that was off to the side a little bit instead of being crammed into a booth or in the middle of the dining room.  Our waitress was nice and accommodating to our needs, especially when it came to paying the bill, which they do with great efficiency.And, I'm a huge fan of salad bars. Especially when they have a selection of vegetables that is not limited to iceberg lettuce and dehydrated cucumbers.  I made myself a beautiful salad with mixed baby greens and a variety of colored vegetables. No offense to the staff, but my friend ordered a salad from the menu, and my concoction was wwwwwaaaaaaayyyyyy better looking.  I could easily have been satisfied with my vegetable artistry, but the lunch special entree included the salad bar.  So for $15 (tax and tip included) I had 2 turkey "sliders", french fries, a gorgeous salad and an iced tea.  Thankfully, one of our cohort helped me out with the meal, because there was no way I could finish all of it.I admit I was wrong to be so judgemental. I'm sorry Ruby Tuesday, you deserve more credit than I gave you.  And to make it up to you, I promise to return and lay down more of my husband's hard earned cash.
3	I too had not been to a Ruby Tuesday in forever. I corralled it in with TGI Fridays et al., and always mentally mix it up with the frat boy sleazefest that is Fat Tuesday on University and Mill. Unfair, I know. Sorry, RT!We ended up here at the Tempe Marketplace, and decided to give the place a shot. It was way swankier than I thought, but in a very "minimal identity" sort of way. For $8.99 you can obtain access to the aforementioned salad bar and your choice of a small meal. (Soups, sliders, small sandwiches, etc.) I got the quiche (which was huge?!) and came with some cherry tomatoes and mozzarella in a light, pleasant dressing. The salad bar wasn't anything out of this world, but everything tasted great, seemed fresh, clean, and for 8.99 I was impressed. Next time you're buying socks at Ross, this would be a great stop off for lunch.
3	My first problem with Ruby Tuesday is that it's a Ruby Tuesday. What good can come of eating there? I have a long and sad history of hating the RT. Here's the back story:Back in 1997 when I was young innocent and car-less (that's CAR-less not CARE-less) and an ASU Freshman I was forced to eat at Ruby Tuesday's. My lack of transportation limited my choices to places that were close to campus and I was to snotty to take a bus. So I ate at the RT on Mill/University a lot and hated every bite I took there. The food was inedible, the service was terrible and the clientele was pretty much all broke ass ASU kiddies like me, or fat women in muumuu's who lived it up for happy hour after a hard day's work at Chase Bank on Mill. Actually, I think my ex-boyfriend cheated on me with one of those gross Chase Bank/Ruby Tuesday ladies. Ew. Shudder. I think I am actually traumatized by the thought of Ruby Tuesday's. And Mill Ave. And 1997. It was so awful in many ways. In fact, I'd like to posthumously award the old Ruby Tuesday on Mill Ave, and maybe my whole ASU experience during the 90s with ZERO STARS.Okay, okay... back to my review of the new RT in Tempe Market Place. I'll get therapy for my entire ASU experience later because right now I have a review to write.So fast forward to 2009. (WTF? It's 2009?) Ruby Tuesday really has stepped it up. They still are ghetto, but at least the are trying to be ghetto fabulous. I rolled up for the salad bar and some soup. Aside from the waitress bringing me a regular Coke rather than a Diet Coke, things were okay. Not spectacular. The soup sucked. But the salad bar was pretty good. I didn't even get the tummy ache (read: explosive diarrhea) that chemically treated salad bars (ie Souper Salad) usually brings. The salad bar was clean, fresh and well stocked. The waitress was a little spacey, but otherwise attentive. Oh - one majorly annoying thing are the "specials." They have all these weird-ass nonsensical promotions that are impossible to understand. Like buy 2 drinks get special prices on food, but only during certain hours and only if you are sitting in certain seats. And certain other drinks are specially priced if it's a different time - or perhaps if you are wearing blue gloves and consuming your drinks out of a pink tea cup on the moon. But only in the bar section of the moon. So confusing.Uggg... my head hurts. Memories of 1997 are starting to come back. I better go now.
3	I've only been to Ruby Tuesday twice...the first time a few years ago and the second time a few months ago while in AZ visiting family.  The last time I visited, I ordered the jumbo crabcake sandwich ($11.99).  I loved it, surprisingly.  The burger was packed with alot of crab and was seasoned and cooked properly.  The others ordered:- Shrimp scampi & steak ($16.99) - good - Classic cheeseburger ($6.99) - goodI tried a glass of their red sangria ($4) and was pleasantly surprised by how good it was.  I went in not expecting much from Ruby Tuesday, but left quiet satisfied with our experience.
5	I heart Ruby Tuesday.  I really do.  It seems like a Chili's or TGIFriday's but it's SO much better that that.  They have an extensive Burger list and all that I have tried were amazing.I wish that I lived closer to one...or maybe not because then I would go there all of the time.Also, kudos to them for offering endless fries..not that i have ever been hungry enough to take them up on that...
4	This will likely be the briefest review of any place I have ever ventured to.  Ruby Tuesdays is a place I happend upon quite by chance, while stumbling around an outdoor mall, packed with revellers and movie goers and teenagers - all wanting the same thing as me.  Ice Cream.  The restaurant loomed dark and large, in an otherwise deserted parking lot.  The dining area seemed lonely for a friday night.  The salad bar waxed impressive.  Non descript decor, low lighting, created this feeling of mystery.But I digress.  We were here for the sole purpose of ice cream, chocolate shake, or bust.  Though I was unable to locate ice cream, or a chocolate shake on the menu - the ueberfriendly bartender was happy to oblige in any way.  I love that!But we were to have more than we bargained for.  Once I saw handcrafted fruit teas (peach, mango, raspberry) on the drink menu, my curiosity was piqued.  Two tall glasses of peach ice tea (with peach chunks) later, I was spellbound.  I moved on to the chocolate shake.  My partner in potables delighted in freshly made lemonade (natural juice and bits of fruit such as strawberry, pomegranate), but there were also delectable looking cream sodas, rootbeer and coke floats, Margaritas and mojitos  They also flaunted their signature sangrias for $4 every day, all day - but it was time to head to our movie.Though I am always on the search for eclectic and unique cocktails, this is definitely a place I would journey to for its delicious (and inexpensive) non-alcoholic drinks.  This was an unexpected treat in the potable galaxy.
5	I am not a big fan of chain restaurants.  I am a firm believer in supporting local business.  But I make an exception for Ruby Tuesday. My most favorite thing on their menu is the mini-combo.  You can get 2 sliders with fries plus the endless salad bar for as low as $8.99.  You can get cheeseburger sliders, turkey, buffalo chicken, crabcake and salmon patty.  I've tried them all. I am most in love with their salad bar.  It is well stocked and always fresh.  If you are looking for something quick, affordable and healthy (you don't have to eat the fries), then Ruby Tuesday is a great option.
5	I'm sorry Souplantation, but I have a new favorite salad bar. Small portions of everything from burgers to sandwiches that can be accompanied by an endless salad bar for only $2 more? You can't go wrong! Everything was fresh, delicious and totally the right price. Can one please open by my house?
4	Ruby Tuesdays is stuck in a tragic location in my opinion. It's right next to Red Robin which is my all time favorite American chain. So naturally I never go there since I'd much rather have Red Robin. I'm glad my parents convinced me to come with them though.Everybody was satisfied with their meal and their salad bar looked very fresh. My grandfather took part in it and each time he came back I was surprised at the abundance of things he managed to find there. My meal was smoked salmon with broccoli and there weren't any complains there. The server was polite and attentive. Honestly I don't have any complaints. The prices were a little higher than I'd expected but well worth it. The atmosphere was nice and quiet and relaxed. I can always appreciate that. Great place for a classy simple American meal.
4	There for dinner tonight. I only had the salad bar, and to be honest that little sliver of salad bar is not worth $9. It's better to get it with a meal. At least it's fresh, and has fairly good variety. My sister had the salmon florentine and my aunt had steak- mooing rare. They both said they were very good. We'll definitely be back. I wouldn't mind trying a few of their cocktails too!
3	it's a chain restaurant with a salad bar.the salad bar happens to be my favorite thing about this place and in my mind, it's only redeeming quality.  their burgers and fries/entree items are just ok.  i'm still upset that they no longer have the crab cake "burger", THAT i really liked.service is usually good, sometimes creepy.
2	After diving, a group of about 10 of us stopped here for lunch.  I had the buffalo chicken snackers/sliders, which came with the salad bar, which was fresh and had some variety; however, not worth $9 on it's own. Someone had a bowl of soup, which consisted of about 4 spoonfuls, fries were cold, and portions were random (size wise), depending on what you ordered. Waiter was nice, but never really checked back in, once we had our food. Likely won't be going back. "Meh" just about covers it.
1	This place definitely gave me the worst dining experience of my life. I am very surprised to see any good reviews for this place. First I just want to say, this place has the worst atmosphere, it looks like a dark Ikea store. But I would not give a bad rating to a restaurant just for atmosphere. The bad rating comes from an evening that started with a horrible waitress, I think her name was Shelly. From the moment we sat down she acted like we were a bother to her, and seeing as the restaurant was devoid of customers, you would think she would be friendly to her only source of tips. Instead of asking what we wanted to order, she just stared at us until we spoke. I ordered the salad bar with my food, and when I walked over to it I wish I hadn't. Everything on it looked disgusting and wilted. My husband ordered the Triple Prime Cheddar Burger, which sounded great. And the first few bites indeed were pretty tasty, until he flipped the burger over and noticed MOLD on the bottom bun. We brought it to the attention of our waitress who simply said "Eww" and grabbed the plate and walked away. The manager then came over and offered another burger, but after that, we didn't want anything from the kitchen. When the bill came, the manager took the burger off, but still charged him for his soda and a salad bar he never ate. I just feel like if you serve someone moldy food, you might just comp their drink as well. We will never return to this terrible place, and most likely never to another Ruby Tuesday's either.
2	I went with my son and girlfriend.  Evening service during the week.  Very friendly servers.  They seated us promptly and with casual conversation.  The shrimp fondue looked so good we ordered it.  Enjoyed the fondue, slightly runny but it was great on the chips and bread. As I ate a chip something hard was amongst the bite.  I pulled out a 3 inch long white piece of plastic that had melted on the chip. They served rolls,  The rolls were amazing except there was only 3, on the plate and they were golf-ball size. We constantly had to ask for more.  It was as though they were small pieces of gold nuggets that they didn't want to share but were forced to.  Granted the waitress (sorry, did not hear her name) did it happily.  My son ordered the 12 ounce steak, which they ran out of and were willing to give him a free dessert if he ordered the 14 ounce steak.  I asked if he could have the 14 ounce for the price of the 12 ounce, but they couldn't do that.  I ordered the rib-eye.  They brought out our food in a timely fashion.  As I cut into my steak, the waitress came back to see how everything was.  As she stood there talking to us I saw a hair in my food.  She removed my plate to fix a new one.  The manager quickly came to our table and informed us that she would not charge us for the meal.  This is when I showed her the plastic that I had pulled from eating the chip.  My 2 guests finished their meals when I received mine.  I ate a little of it and it tasted wonderful.  We ended up having something unexpected come up and had to leave.  I placed my order for my daughter at home and my son placed his dessert order, to go.    I was surprised to see she only took my steak off the bill.  I was surprised due to the fact throughout the entire meal there were issues.  Not having what they should or letting us know they were out, plastic and hair in our food.  I understand you cant stop everything, and sometimes these sorts of things happen, but all at one time...embarrassing.I did give the restaurant 2 stars because beside the unwelcomed extras to our food, it actually had a very good flavor.  I truly enjoyed the food and the friendliness of the servers.
5	I had not been to a Ruby Tuesday's in quite a few years. They keep putting out coupons so finally we went.                                                           We went to the one in Tempe Market place, which is very nice.                  They decorated very high end i must say. The menu was impressive! I got Salmon and my date got Broccoli and chicken pasta. Both Items were great!   Everything was very fresh.                                                             I was drinking green tea and she refilled it for me several times.                 We can never seem to leave a restaurant even after we are through eating. So they were very good about that and we really enjoyed the meal and the ambiance of the place.  The location is great. Lots of parking and you can walk around in the marketplace with lots to look at afterward.
4	First of all the address on here is all jacked up and the map thing puts the location somewhere in Chandler.  This made it difficult to check in which pissed me off.  Anyway, I made the correction on the edit business page so lets see if Yelp makes the update.Anyway, I don't really like places like this so I wasn't excited to eat here.  I'm just not a fan of the whole cookie cutter chain thing where everything comes from a frozen package and warmed up in the microwave.  However, to my surprise, this place is pretty solid even if everything comes frozen.I sat at the bar with a few friends to have lunch.  I ordered the sliders and they were surprisingly very good.  At like 10 bucks for 2 sliders they are a rip off but not too shabby.  I had the buffalo ones and I also tried the zucchini ones which were excellent.  The salad bar was also very good and at $1 more it was a bargain.  Everything on the bar was fresh and clean.Oh and the 50 cent wine tasting was great.  We had to do it if only for the novelty.  The wine is only ok but who can argue at 50 cents?Our bartender / waitress was excellent and friendly.Am I going to rush back?  No.  But if I am in the area and am craving a salad and a burger, yes, I would be back.
2	The BF and I went out tonight wanting a burger. We kind of wanted to sit somewhere, so the fast food places were eliminated. We decided to drive around Tempe Marketplace and see if there was somewhere to get a burger (man....west Mesa is devoid of good burgers....and good food). It was between here and Red Robin...we made the wrong decision. The place is kind of dark, like they are trying to be a fancy steakhouse when it is really a TGI Fridays or something like that. The BF got a cheeseburger and said it was meh. I got the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was pretty lackluster. Not at all spicy. Not very flavorful.... just meh. It came with two sides and I got the snap peas and the mashed potato. The peas did not have snap, as they were cooked to death. The potatoes were ok, but not good enough to eat them all. The dinner wasn't terribly expensive...but not cheap. I wouldn't be back.
5	Stopped in for lunch after a movie. This is the second time I've been here, and the food and service have been excellent both times. This time I had the Smokehouse Burger. The burger was great, the bacon was crisp and the onion rings were yummy. Loved the fries as well.  The bread they brought out before the meal was amazing!
2	I've tried other locations, and liked this chain a lot. However, Had lunch here, just the salad bar and an iced tea, and wasn't impressed at all. Very ordinary, nothing different, unusual, or even that good. Yeah, sure... It was clean, well stocked, yada-yadda... But I just wanted a quick bite and it set me back 14 bucks (w/  tip). Not worth it! Service was really good though.
5	We have come here a few times now and every time it has been really a good experience.    The food has always been excellent and the service very good as well.  Our waiter brought us lots of lemons and many refill on drinks.There is lots of very convenient parking just right outside.   Bathrooms are always nice and clean. THis is the first time we had burgers here. Turkey and beef, both were winners.
3	Since we moved to AZ this is our first time went to Ruby Tuesday. The food actually really good as always and the salad bar was good. . I just wish that the place could be much more cleaner . I was  surprise such really nice restaurants but couldn't keep up standard clean, crumbs was all over the floor at the time we got to be seated. The hostess supposed to be greet more friendlier when  the guess come in. The waitress although not bad but he disappear for a while, we have to wait more longer if we need anything ( The restaurant was empty at that time only couples guess ).
4	I love this Ruby Tuesday. Staff is always courteous and food is good. Try the lobster mac & cheese...it is awesome! The salmon is good here as well as the pasta w/shrimp.
5	Spoiler alert--- It's a Chain Restaurant!!!!But this might just be the best run chain restaurant company in America. It seems nothing has been forgotten, a solid well rounded menu, tasty well seasond meals, attracive well kept salad bar, better then very clean restrooms, well trained and informed service staff, prices from fair to great, great beverage program, and nice tastefull decor.I really like this place and it has been my go to restaurant for a few years. I am not big on chains, but this particular one is great. For what it is, it's a solid 5 star place.
3	Ruby Tuesday's salad bar and healthier choices (With caloric count for calorie counters) for entrees is what sets it apart from other chain restaurants that serve your basic American style cuisine.  The salad bar includes 2 types of base greens (Iceberg and mixed greens), with various toppings (Edamame, peas, mushrooms, croutons etc.) and dressings (Italian, low fat balsamic, ranch, thousand island, etc).  Generally, with any main entree, you will have your choice of side and salad bar, or 2 sides.  They also have more healthy side options such as roasted spaghetti squash and steamed broccoli.  My husband had the chicken trio, and I had the creole fish on our visit.  The chicken was nicely presented, and was fairly tender and juicy.  Of the three different toppings (Balsamic and tomato, mushroom cheese, and mango salsa), my least favorite was the mango salsa since the mango in it, while fresh, wasn't totally ripe.  The creole fish was presented in a Spartan way, with just one piece of fish with a mound of side next to it on a plain white plate.  The fish (Some type of white fish, maybe carp?) was a freshwater white-flesh fish and had a decent seasoning and was cooked well. Service was friendly, but we did not have any silverware on our table when we were seated and had to ask for it after our entrees were served to us.  Drinks were refilled quickly as needed.I haven't indulged in a lot of the desserts, but I am a fan of the Italian creme cake.  It's moist, and not too sweet.  Prices are moderate, and entrees will be around 15 dollars, give or take a few dollars.
2	Ruby and I have had an on again off again relationship for about 12 years now. It's been close to 3 or 5 years since our last scandalous meeting.I like that Ruby has attempted to change her look with choices such as mashed cauliflower, and spaghetti squash. I even liked that she shows a bit extra with the calorie count on 'some' of her options. Makes choosing that much easier, although she does hide the calories on most of her selections. My thought on that one is that she likely doesn't want to scare you away by showing too much on items like her bacon, cheese, avocado, Angus burger. I can only imagine the distressed thoughts I would have had if I had seen the truth before ordering the meatloaf. Thanks Ruby for making it easy to splurge this time. ;-)Apparently, about a 1/3 of Ruby's gastronomic repertoire now comes with her salad bar at no added cost, and my choice of meatloaf just happened to be one of those as well as the wife's grilled chicken. It turned out to be one of those surreal moments for me. I was excited to get a seemingly free bonus, but at the same time would THIS be the day I break the no buffet style dining promise I made to myself and the wife on that fateful day back in aught nine?Unluckily for me, Ruby had left a little something extra mixed in with her 'mixed greens' that day. Who knows, maybe it was Ruby, maybe it was one of her ladies in waiting, or maybe it was just a random customer with a 10 inch locks. Either way, I was fully unappetized after serving myself some salad with a side of dark brown hair. Maybe I should have jumped ship at this point, but how was I to know it wasn't going to get much better? The food was average at best, and the wait staff didn't seem overly apologetic about the added locks of love incident. In fact, the first waitress I showed this to didn't even take the plate from me, I had to hand it to the bartender behind the bar myself before I could get rid of it.The meat loaf was 'mehh, whatever' and the grilled BBQ chicken wasn't any better. The only saving grace here was the cauliflower and spaghetti squash; but truly, those are dishes that can be made easily with a few minutes of prep work at home. Needless to say, I didn't walk away from this meal with a happy ending. Sorry Ruby, but our on and off again relationship is officially off, but never again. Your services will no longer be traded for my hard earned cash.
2	We love to come here for dinner, and had a good meal tonight!Everything was fine until the meal was over and the server refilled our drinks, then she disappeared. We did not see her or the manager for over 20 minutes!She showed up and apologized for the delay then I had to ask for the check which came right away.She then disappeared again. After Several minutes I spotted the manager on the other side of the bar and gave him the check and my card and asked him to process it.He brought it back and apologized for the wait, but my then my dinner companion had left and was texting me from the car.
3	Not sure what it is specifically that I have against this place - the unjustified Rolling Stones reference perhaps? One thing I do like about Ruby however is their salad bar, simple but superbly fresh and cold. Wiki - "Ruby Tuesday" is a song recorded by The Rolling Stones, released in January 1967. The song, coupled with "Let's Spend the Night Together", was a number-one hit in the United States.
1	Oh my God. Whoever the people are that are giving this place good reviews must be used to eating poop covered dog food. Worst tacos I've ever had, salad bar seemed like it was set out sometime in the 1970's, pretty sure the mashed potatoes were soaked in urine instead of butter and the marinara sauce was cooked in a boot instead of a pot. Couldn't wait to get out of there and go brush my teeth. GOOD BYE, RUBY TUESDAY!
4	I went in with really low expectations as this is a chain restaurant and left very happy.  The ambiance is higher scale then I expected and the service was very good.  They offer both low cost and higher end priced meals on the menu.  I went with the vegetarian plate including salad bar.  The salad bar was my favorite part.  I didn't care much for the cauliflower or mashed potato sides that I tried.
1	I am never eating here again. Let me tell you why...The service was quick, I'll give them that, but a little too quick. The waitress "forgot" to write down half of my partner's order. He wasn't too upset, he just took it and they didn't charge him full price. When they brought out my order, which was the salmon, it was barely room temperature. The taste was even worse! It tasted like frost bitten garbage. Cold, salty, bland, totally lacking in any flavor other than 'yuck'.I told the waitress that this wouldn't do. She took it away and shortly thereafter the manager came over and asked me what was wrong I explained it to him and he had the AUDACITY TO ARGUE WITH ME. He tried defending the food saying that it must have been the spices used. NO. That was not it, I corrected him. I work in a kitchen myself and know a thing or two about quality control. Needless to say they didn't charge us for that portion. I did however get charged for the salad bar...don't even get me started on that. It looked as though the salad bar ingredients hadn't been changed out in a while. In fact, the cucumbers were spotty (at least a couple days old from prep by the look of it). And the "BAKED" Potato? More like NUKED Potato. Leathery, skin sticking to the meat, curled near the edges, yellowing. Baked?! NOT AT ALL. The food was gross, the service even worse. Do NOT eat here!
4	Just a little bit too spendy for 5 stars.The decor is great, food is great, salad bar is AMAZING.The new dessert is deadly...beware.  It must be shared or you're in trouble.  Something with a brownie-like crust, then a layer of something similar to cheesecake, then some caramel, then peanut butter!  UGH.But oh-so-yummy!
3	I go to Ruby Tuesday's a lot.  It is a good and nice place for a convenient lunch -- either with business associates or with friends.  Yesterday, I had lunch with a friend here again and we both had the mini-turkey sliders and the salad bar.  The sliders were good and tasty.  The salad bar is pretty much the same, but there are some changes that are bad IMO.  They used to have chopped ham on the salad bar as a condiment, but now they replaced it with chopped bologna -- WTH?  Pretty gross, if you ask me.  The dressings are runny and watery now - not rich and thick as I like them.  And they took the tuna salad off the bar too!So all-in-all, this place is still OK for the price, but the salad bar is going downhill.
3	A friend and I had dinner here over the weekend before catching a show at Gammage. We were debating between this and Thirsty Lion, but I wanted to eat light and indulge in the salad bar so we decided on RT. We walked in and it was nearly empty. We were seated right away and quickly decided on what we wanted. I had the mini sliders and salad bar and we shared the four variety appetizer. The app was huge easily shared by 3-4 people, and we didn't finish it all. We visited the salad bar which was okay, nothing that wowed me, though everything I had was fresh. The rest of my meal came with two sliders and fries. We could have easily done without the appetizer and had lots of food leftover. Everything was just okay though. I can't say I'll be running back here
4	I wish we had a closer one to our home. We were at Tempe Marketplace and saw it and I had to go. They  have an awesome salad bar. Not many restauraunts even have them anymore. And I must say their croutons are DA BOMB!!! Our server Lisa was also wonderful.
5	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here, and they really rolled out the red carpet, gave us superb service and this is now my new favorite place on a Saturday night! It was awesome, I thought it was going to be expensive, but it wasn't. I had the fried chicken sandwich, salad, and we had an appetizer, my husband had the bacon pretzel cheeseburger and salad. less than 40$, and we got a free dessert from the manager, just because it was our anniversary, and he was feeling generous. (thank you!-really nice guy too!) I gave the server a good tip because he's a frigging mind reader,he never let the glasses run empty, and treated us like gold. Thank you so much for going above and beyond, You are our new favorite restaurant, thank you so much!
4	Always dependable. Ate crabs, artichoke dip, veggie mini zucchini cakes with unlimited salad bar. They have brown bread crumbs, which is rare and lovely.
2	Looks better in the commercials. We don't have one of these in San Diego, but see the commercials all the time, so i was excited to try it since it was next to our hotel! Generic food, but fun service! ...their salad bar does not look good either.
2	Had a reservation since friday for 20ppl and they are not ready have no seats available. When I came to the desk the lady seemed confused looking at the computer and once I spoke of taking my company else where she said she could come up with something but didn't give a time of how long it would take... The waiter was better making sure we all got our food and drinks but at the end he could not remember who's bill was who's and what food goes on what bill. We stayed a hour before giving up n just paying whatever the ticket said
4	I haven't been to this location in a few years, but I was happy with this experience.  The ambiance is nice, the staff was very attentive and the menu was good.I do miss the Peppercorn Chicken Caesar salad they used to have, though.
1	Went there once the only good thing about is the salad bar. Chicken salad was horrible and the steak wasn't even cooked on the grill
4	Ruby Tuesday used to be in our rotation but since we're never WOW'd it has been at least 6 months since we've been in for dinner. We had a coupon for $15 off our meal, no restrictions so we happily came in for dinner. They recently (sometime in the past 6 months) got a new menu that was loaded with new options. I was sad to see my zucchini sliders disappear but half the time we were told they were out anyway. I kept things simple and just ordered the Veggie Trio which comes with three sides and the salad bar. I don't remember what my bf ordered, he wasn't overly impressed, it was just OK. We didn't leave hungry or unsatisfied. But, what really got us was the service. He was fantastic, I kept telling my bf that he could easily work in a fine dining restaurant, that's the type of service we received. Service was a 5 Food was a 3.5
2	Late night dining limited our options. Returning from the airport thought we'd stop in. Menu sounded much better than it tasted. Salad bar was not impressive and crab cakes greasy and fell apart.  Husband had shrimp and grits. Looked ok but not fresh. Daughter had a burger which was juicy...looked great but fell apart as she ate it. Had to fork and knife it. Service was decent but overall nothing spectacular especially the cob webs up above...Manager look up..need some cleaning done.
4	Very good value. Had a hard time finding it (two other locations listed on their web site and in the GPS were closed). Service and good were both good. Family of five ate for $80 plus tip. Two kids ate of kids' menu and adults had crab cakes, seafood trio and chicken linguine. Then we shared the cheesecake, which was awesome!!
2	well when this restaurant first opened up, the salad bar was amazing...with lots of fruit...now the salad bar was little or nothing, not worth the $9.00 price tag.  the food here was just okay and average nothing to write home about.  the prices are a bit high for the boring level of food... the bacon burger was just okay...pretty boring food, nothing even worth mentioning.  They need to go back to how they operated and the food levels they had when they first opened.
4	Very good value. Had a hard time finding it (two other locations listed on their web site and in the GPS were closed). Service and good were both good. Family of five ate for $80 plus tip. Two kids ate of kids' menu and adults had crab cakes, seafood trio and chicken linguine. Then we shared the cheesecake, which was awesome!!
1	I now know why this place was empty during our visit.  Terrible service... and Service is EVERYTHING!  There are plenty of places to eat in this city, think twice before choosing Ruby Tuesday Marketplace.
1	Not the place to go if you are looking for service...?? Or happy hour..Samantha was no joy tonight, almost felt like she was not on the same planet.  Maybe she was having a bad day.??? Maybe she just doesn't have a desire to be in the hospitality industry, I don't know but I expect more from the staff tending the bar and I won't be back to this location because of the "service" I got tonight....
5	Salad bar was surprisingly good as a side item. I also got the baked mac and cheese and wished I had more when it was gone. Nice staff, clean restaurant and good food. Price isn't terrible for what you get.
5	This restaurant is so good that I heard the Rolling Stones or Beatles or whatever wrote a song about it. I can't speak for John, Paul, or George, but rumor has it that Ringo orders the Shrimp Po Boy Flat Bread on nearly every visit and always makes it a point to upgrade to the salad bar for $2.99 because those pumpernickel croutons are the building blocks upon which dreams are made.
4	We are huge fans of the pretzel burger - delicious!! Be sure to sign up for their e-club or grab a coupon from the paper. They almost always have a BOGO offer or $10off/$30+ deal going. Their apps are a little spendy. Mozzarella sticks are ok. Didn't care for the chips and cheese - dip tasted like bean dip and was heavily seasoned.  I love their biscuits - yummy! Salad bar I think is overpriced at $8.99. Loss of a star because service is a toss up - sometimes it's good, sometimes not so good. Never excellent. We usually go before 5pm, so maybe they don't have their all stars on staff at that time, I don't know. Overall good and will keep going back.
4	Ruby Tuesday is a solid American fare restaurant where you can get a meal that plays it safe typically under $10; get the salad bar.Yes this is a chain restaurant that your parents & grandparents would probably enjoy, however their service is typically good, you can almost always get coupons via email and their salad bar is consistently good and well kept.The salad bar is probably the differentiator for RT, many entrees come with it, $2.99 add on if not, but if you want just the salad bar, get an entree that comes with it like the Baja chicken tacos for just a couple dollars more.  Spring mix & iceburg lettuces, fresh broccoli / bacon salad, fruit salad, potato salad and fresh croutons are a few highlights.Ruby Tuesday seemed to simplify their menu and slowly move to more bar fare with their addition of new chicken fingers and removal of spaghetti squash and zucchini minis (now I have to make them at home).Don't expect to be blown away, but have a solid meal with a salad bar if you're up for it.
