5	This is a real gem in Old Town Scottsdale. Perfect for an intimate date or hanging out with friends to chatter. The perfect place to start or end an evening... Very charming and intimate, lots of nice regulars (me included), tables and a cute fireplace outdoors, smoking-friendly patio, another private upstairs patio too.Great Martinis and mixed drinks! If "Kevin" is working: he'll give you a discount if you mention his "fabulous roller blading skills"...  :)(located just east of Main and Brown on the sidewalk)*UPDATE* 2009 - now called Brackin's Bar it is just as cool!!!
3	Michael C is right. This place is very charming. I love the inside decor, with brick walls. I love the "No Sniveling" sign hanging behind the bar.It's a small place, but that's part of the appeal. There's a small upstairs patio, with a fireplace (wasn't on when I went) that could be a great spot to hang. It's not much of a view, but there's something cool about being at a higher elevation. Finding J. Chew was a little bit of a challenge. We ended up stopping at AZ88 to ask for directions. LOL! When we arrived, my friend and I sashayed up to the bar. Immediately we had a drink menu in front of us. I was more intrigued by the huge crystal ball-esque 20 Questions game. I wanted to play!When I asked about beer, the 'tender motioned to the shelf above his head. Ahh... Not a great selection, but it'll do. I went with the Honey Brown. $4.50. Great price. Okay beer. I'll order something else next time, if I can make up my mind. Stella? Fat Tire? Hmm... The whole reason for venturing to J. Chew was for a celebration. My friend was getting married, and this was her final Saturday night as a "single." So, the group of women sat outside on the small patio area. It was a cold, chilly May evening and they had the fireplace going. They also had a couple heat lamps working, but most of them were out of propane. Bummer. We Phoenix Dwellers were shivering our coconuts off, if you know what I mean. (Praise Allah for fingerless gloves, which were a big hit that night.) But, the bartender did try and keep them going, so we appreciated his efforts!Overall, I like J Chew. Yet I can't rate it higher than 3.5 for a few reasons. Yes, one is the beer selection. While it's small, it's also doable. Yet, their mixed martini list looked disgusting. Then again, I don't do martinis. Nor do I throw down $11 on a mixed drink. But the real annoyance came from other patrons. From one guy in a hockey jersey throwing himself against the glass door (even hitting his head on the glass, when prompted) to a crazy D'Backs fan yelling in the face of a calm Braves supporter, those couple of guys just totally zapped the cool, calm and collected from J. Chew & Co. There's something defeating and sad about seeing another man yell "Lock it up!" at another man, during what could be a calm, mature discussion about two sports teams they individually love and follow. There's something even sadder about watching an aging man with a cigar hit on a married woman. He just wouldn't leave our group alone. Oh well...Maybe they won't be there when I go back... because I think if they are, I'm gonna have to say something. How obnoxious. If you're in Old Town and looking for a chill spot to hang, this is your place. Plus, I liked the music they had on rotation... From Modest Mouse and Postal Service to 90's grunge and alternative rock, I was diggin' the tunes, along with the laid back atmosphere, the great service and the knowledge that there was a chill place in Snottsdale to hang. Who knew?! I just don't think there's a strong enough draw to hang at this place all night. This is more of your "before dinner" or "before another bar" type of estabilshment. Only problem is there's not many other cool places in the area I'd be interested in going, especially on a Saturday night when Snottsdale is out in full force.
1	The food here is as bad as the restaurant name. We ate at their upstairs patio, the view was less than spectacular.  We ordered soda, and found out they pour it straight from the can, lovely. They also put a hot dog on a hamburger bun, weird. Their food is something anybody can make on their own cheaper and in less time. Their food is also overpriced for what you get.
3	Closed. RIP.
