3	I like this Home Depot. My husband & I had been here a few times when we 1st bought our home almost 3 years ago & a couple more times last September when we were making some small repairs. Most recently we were here on Sunday after we had some lunch & decided to buy a ton of flowers, herb & veggie seeds & some vines with lil flowers for our backyard planter. Prices are decent, we spent $90 along with a $27 store credit. The employees here aren't very helpful, so you're pretty much on your own. I'm sure we'll be back, especially the hubs.
2	I had a most unpleasant experience at this Home Depot. I was in need of outdoor paint to seal my door frame and porch so I took with me a few paint chips to see if they could match them for me.  I wandered around the paint department looking for exterior paint and was hoping someone would ask if I needed help.  I'm not a painter and was in need of suggestions as to  paint would be the best to use.   I finally picked out a paint and since I needed two different colors I got a pint and a gallon of the same brand.  I took them to the counter to get them tinted and when I pulled out the paint chips and asked if he could match up the colors he flat out said no.  I asked again can you  try?  No, it is impossible they are to small and the sample needs to be bigger.  I folded up my samples and said fine and walked away.I was amazed, I could not believe he said no. How hard would it have been for him to say to me that the samples where to small for the machine to read but maybe we can find a close match from the paint samples we have.  I was very disappointed and felt that they could have made an effort. I took the same chips of paint to a competitor and they were able to match my paint.
4	Nice clean standard Home Depot.  The staff are plentiful and helpful.
3	I reviewed this location in the past for 2 stars. Yesterday, it seemed the employees were going out of their way to help me. This is a FIRST! So, that being said, and I don't want to be the Grinch who stole Christmas, they get 3 stars for the effort. The store is still difficult to find items and seems they relocate items on a regular basis. That or I am getting old and forgetting where stuff is. I still prefer Lowe's, but again it is much further away.
5	I miss you Home Depot!  So, I recently moved to another neighborhood, far, far away.  I was spoiled having lived less than a block from this location.  The customer service here always goes above and beyond in all departments.  Many of the people who worked there recognized me, probably as the damsel in distress that ends up in there for random, sometimes comical, problems.  They did a great job of NOT making me feel like an idiot, even though when it comes to fixing some things I probably qualify!  I did not even realize how GREAT I had it at this store, until I had to go to another 'fix-everything' store...I will give them another try before I completely bash them.  I usually try and leave big chains off my Yelp profile, but this location deserves the kudos.  Another important thing to note:  They carry orange soda and coca cola, glass-bottled in Mexico.  I don't know what it is but, it always tastes better out of the bottle. They sell it by the bottle or case too!
3	Home Depot has always been a good place for improvements!
5	My first visit was terrible, my second visit was terrible. Then I found certain people in the store. I have a person in each department, and Teresa who I joke is my personal shopper. Mainly because she is so helpful. She knows where everything is and is more than willing to show you different opens.Here is my list:Teresa - Always my first point of contact to find what I need if I don't know where it is.Alex - Lumber. I have been building a lot out of wood at my store because it's cheap, but he has really helped me choose the right materials and look at my plans to make sure everything is there. I didn't like building anything until it became easy.Manny - Paint. know where everything is and is beyond helpful.Todd - I don't kow where this guy works, but he always seems to be around when I need help.Dom (?) - Helped me in electrical and plumbing. I got back and had everything I needed.There are some more but I can't remember right now.
1	If you are looking for a store to waste a whole lot of time in, this is it. This has to be the worst Home Depot store I have ever been in. The service is awful. The so called experts have to directed me to the wrong aisle on many occasions. They used to walk with you and at least show you were a product is. Now they tell you what aisle something is in but sometimes they don't really know. Last weekend I was in there looking for something and It took 10 minutes to even find someone to help me. It's like they scatter when they see a customer. There was not one person in hardware and I could not find a single person in lumbar. Another customer asked me if he is supposed to cut his own wood. I finally found a customer service rep and he directed me to the wrong row. I found him again and he once again gave a place to go to find a product. He just stood there not doing anything. Eventually, I dumped the few things I had and left. What a mockery of customer service. Ace is the place to go.
5	The boyfriend and I have been redoing our backyard and adding some improvements to the inside as well. Every time we have been to this Home Depot we have been given individual attention to discuss and help with our specific needs. Most, if not all employees have been knowledgeable or helped us find someone who is knowledgable about the specific topics we were discussing. We have been given advice on how to reach our goal in the most cost effective way possible. Overall, this is our store and I am thankful for all of their help!
4	I like this location because there have always been friendly associates, and I haven't asked for an item yet that wasn't in stock.I've bought bathroom cabinets, fans, paint, moving supplies, tools, house keys and more.Great place for home items! Reasonable prices.I prefer this store to the competition.And for the first time today, I payed with my Paypal account!! Very easy transaction.
4	So I'm standing here, still waiting for assistance. The lady that started out assisting me, from the garden department couldn't reach a top shelf item, in the Patio Furniture section, so she called for assistance, from a man, working nearby, who turned out to be the same man that had walked past me earlier without asking me if I needed any assistance. Now, in his same slow methodical pace, he has walked back to tell me that the manual ladder, they had used, wasn't tall enough and the electric ladder that he'd brought over didn't have enough power so now he needs to go and retrieve another power ladder. When I replied, " Alright, I've already been standing here waiting for 13 minutes ". He stated that he was doing the best that he could. I, in turn, stated that yes, I could see that.   John, the sales Associate, that was assisting me then returned, several minutes later to tell me that there were two packaged tables in the back stock area, somewhere and that he would have to go and look for them or, I could take the display table, from the top shelf. I asked John which method would be easier for him. He opted to get me the display table (as I'd already been waiting, for quite some time).  John laughed with me as I stated that the best part about me taking the display table is that now no one will ask for the table on display that isn't accessible for purchase and they won't have to wait.  I will now make it a point to look for John and have him be my contact person when I return to Home Depot and can't find what I need. Thank you to both John and the wonderful woman that was watering plants and working in the Garden Center today. John turned what could have been a very frustrating experience into a very positive and memorable occasion.
2	I ventured away from my regular Home Depot location to visit this one for only one reason - to purchase lighting fixtures that were 'supposed' to be at this location, as indicated by the online stock check feature.  While the greeter at the door was friendly, that is where the customer service ended, and abruptly.  When I couldn't find the fixtures in the lighting section, the person I eventually found to assist me would not look up the stock number I had to see if/where they were available (other Home Depot locations do this without a problem).  Instead, I was advised to 'just order them online'.  Really?  Gee, thanks!  I would NEVER have come up with that idea on my own.  I will stick to my tried and true location, where the employees are actually helpful.
4	Like any ordinary home depot this place is convenient to go to and always has what I need there.  I've never had a bad experience here and will continue shopping here for garden stuff
4	Everyone here is very friendly and I love the selection of annuals in the garden section. I super super love the kids carts that look like a race car! As a mom of toddler twins, this is a life saver and makes me able to bring the kiddos with!
3	I like home depot. I feel like the prices seem high for what you get though. I usually am able to find what I'm looking for. I'd say someone offers to help me about 40% of the time I go there. Their best feature is the fact that they email you a copy of your receipt. I wish so badly more stores did this. It's a huge bonus.
4	Home Depot is a store where only knowledgeable people should shop. The employees will not offer reliable customer service and are only there to organize the store. Also, this location offers a variety of laborers that stand outside for most of the day. (They aren't employees... I don't think)
4	Amazing customer service, workers here actually care about helping you out! I was looking for an uncommon tri-wing screwdriver here and Maria (I believe this is her name) hunted down the someone who might know where to find it, and got back to me promptly. A++ WOULD SHOP AGAIN!
2	Just a few weeks ago, I was looking for a simple hook to put back up a shelve in my closet. I went through THREE employees on a 30-minute man-hunt for some simple hooks! I couldn't believe it. I usually have a decent experience at this Home Depot, as I get my Christmas tree from them every year, but this was truly off-putting. (Awesome tree service, by the way!)
