1	DONT EVER LIVE HERE!! Note: After I first posted this on the internet, I received a CEASE AND DESIST order from the lawyer representing the apartment complex. yikes. I lived in this complex for nearly 4 years. It was at first owned by Grubb Properties, a company who cared for the residents and kept the property looking nice. I enjoyed living there then. It was later sold to a developer who literally only cares about receiving a rent check monthly and will do nothing to help anyone. It was rumored that the purpose of a development company buying the property was that they were kicking the residents out, tearing down the existing property, and planned to build nice, new high rises that would allow them to make more money. As the economy got worse, they were forced to keep the current property open and continue renting apartments. They rent to drunks, TEENAGERS, convicts, or anyone who can pay a month's rent deposit. My property was damaged in the parking lot, my car was broken into and $200 of property was stolen, one of the drunken residents ASSAULTED MY DOG, and the "property manager" claimed it was no fault of theirs and refused to provided any kind of consession. My fiance actually broke his hand at the pool while trying to diffuse an altercation between two other residents and required $10,000 emergency reconstructive hand surgery (this was the straw that broke the camel's back, so to speak, and we moved out immediately after this event). I was paying $620/month while I know for a fact that they were leasing to new renters at a rate of $500/month. The building itself is deplorable. The "staff" not only don't care about any of these concerns, but one of the "managers" actually had a sexual relationship with a resident (who was a constant cause of conflict), and was seen on multiple occasions using illegal drugs on the property. The property is dark and unsafe; a haven for criminal activity. People make drug deals using the 911 only phone located in the pool area. Police are called out to the location on an almost daily basis. Residents stay up all night partying loudly at the pool, which is located in the courtyard between all of the apartments, leaving a huge mess to be cleaned up EVERY morning. I would prefer to live in a cardboard box on the street than ever live at these apartments again. Please do yourself a favor and avoid this place like the plague. Also, the "laundry room" has 4 washers and dryers for about 50 residents; half of them are broken the majority of the time. There used to be a credit card machine in there to use to pay for washers and dryers, but they tore it out and now only accept quarters.
4	When a friend showed me these well hidden Apartments off Selwyn, I Fell in Love!!!  I said to myself if I live by myself I would LOVE to live here!!!  Three and a half years ago my Room-mate moved to NY and I moved here... and just moved out this week.  This Apartment Community has a Charming Romantic appeal!!!  Even when totally Alone (not in a relationship) Romance has always been an important part of my life!!!  Since I was in Fifth grade I have had a sense of Experiencing and appreciating the Beauty and  Character of my surroundings. Even if I was experiencing something by myself!Most of the Neighbors keep an eye out for each other... Most are Polite if not extra Friendly!Repairs are made Quickly!  Maintenance Team is GREAT!  Office Staff is Wonderful!  Exterminators are effective and Terminators are arrested!This Property has Two Buildings each with a Courtyard and Pool in the center... Each Apartment has one door which opens to the Courtyard... Having mostly single people living here it makes opportunities to socialize with your neighbors very easy even if you are not sociable. Almost every Apartment (not the ones under each staircase) has a view of the Pool, so you can see if your friends are there... If you like Physical Culture you may like this layout even further!  Plenty of Sunbodies take advantage of the exposure to the Sun or even Snow!!!  You'll feel plenty comfortable wearing a Speedo here as it is usually and maybe unusually appreciated...Almost all the Ladies are wearing Bikinis...  Stalkers from the outside (non-residents excluding welcomed Guests) will be dealt with in appropriate measures!!! Remember little goes unnoticed!!!  Everyone has a Smart Phone with Camera and there is only one "Real" (street) Entrance/Exit to the Community which is nice unless you are the non-resident Stalker. No Washer Dryer Hook-ups (old meaning of Hook-up) yet the Laundry Facilities are plenty Nice and recently Updated!Only two floor plan options and they are the SAME square footage!!!  Before you opt for the One Bedroom over the Efficiency consider how you want to : Decorate... How your furniture will "fit" IF it will fit at all and how you want to Entertain Guests, these are small spaces for what most Americans living in the South are used too!First Secret (88) My "Twin" Bed fit into the Walk-in Closet behind the Behind the Bathroom in the Efficiency... If you live alone or if you and your room-mate are slim enough to sleep in a Twin sized bed, this opens the rest of the Living Space for when you are not asleep!  Since I have slept in lots Closets I know the Advantages are MANY!!!   Quiet!  Dark!!  Warm/Cool have been my experiences!Next Secret  "Bat Cave"!  If for some reason you have no need for an Apartment with Natural Sunlight and would like to save money ask for a discount on the Units under the Staircases... These are popular for Teenage Dudes (especially the Goth Kids, Scene Kids and Crab-Walking Vampire Kids or Graveyard Shift worker who wants it dark) who are getting their first place and like the Darker living space... No View of the Pool!  It was nice getting to know some of these Guys who who are attracted to living in these unique spaces...Great stories of Nunchakus, Guns and a Blade!  They all enjoyed Art and Photography and had GREAT Taste in both as well as Music and Movies!  "Bat Kid" was born near here... Inspiration is CAUGHT!!!When I got married in January I knew I would be moving to Raleigh... I stayed here (part time) through the Valentines (day after) Snowstorm of 2013 and shot some photos of the Exterior, for You!You may believe as you wish - I Left this place completely Clothed and in my right mind! !  !
4	I currently live here in a one bedroom and it is a great place to live. Obviously, the part of town is awesome, near the booty loop, Montford Drive, and Park Plaza, but it's also just a nice place to live. The residents are friendly and, except for the occasional weekend rager, quiet. While the appliances are dated, they work perfectly, and are cost effective. If you want a reasonable rent, a great location, and a fun place to live, there is no better option!
