4	The gelato is delicious, the atmosphere not so  much.  The prices are a little steep also.  $4 for one scoop.  As much as I would want to go more often, my hubby cannot do without his waffle cone.  They do not offer that.
4	Expensive but good quality. All in all it was pretty good.
1	Dean K. is right. The owner here clearly had zero interest in serving us. She was bitter and bent out of shape because we had a few kids in shop for all of 4 minutes. Will never come back.News flash for people out there selling various forms of ice cream or gelatto or whatever----KIDS LIKE YOUR PRODUCT.So relax when they come inside your store. They're excited about getting ice cream.I'll come back when the owner changes her tune.
5	I love this place. Everything is amazing. Try something from the new food menu. The service is great here everyone is so friendly. My favorite gelato is sea salt caramel with chocolate truffles you have to try it.
5	They closed early but opened the doors for us so my mother could use her long awaited Groupon. They were very friendly, and even better... The gelato was DELISH!  Can't wait to stop in again and try more flavors!
4	I despise bananas, so it's a mystery why I ordered banana dolce de leche gelato.But you've already been spoilered by the rating on how this turns out. It was magnificent. I wanted to wallow in it. If I became any more enamored of bananas, I'd be swinging from the trees on the (empty due to extreme heat) Scottsdale Mall.Whatever I had as the second flavor was fine but not as revelatory. I'm now convincing myself that going all the way to Scottsdale RIGHT NOW for another scoop of the banana dolce de leche gelato would be stupid, that the world does hold other joys, many closer to home and much cheaper.Be warned that this is going to cost you: it's $5.50 for two tiny scoops on a plain cone. The tininess of the scoops is not so much of a problem when you factor in that this stuff is RICH, and it's much better than any local ice cream.(Waffle cones with larger scoops are now also available.) I don't think the price is unreasonable for the combination of quality and "hey, we're in Old Town Scottsdale, so everything is tourist-priced," but if you're watching your budget, you will be making this up in ramen later. It might actually be worth it... banaaaaannnnnnaaaaaaasssss.The flavor combos are fascinating. Get a frequent buyer card if you live around here, as even if you have to spread trips over months, there's incentive in trying lots of flavors -- and they tend to be grown-up, foodie flavors.I found service to be perfectly delightful. If I were toting a couple kids who'd reached the fractious stage of the afternoon (as even good kids sometimes do), I'd take them to the Sugar Bowl instead, though. This shop is very small and really requires sitting still, just due to lack of space, while the Sugar Bowl is larger and more relaxed, with more conventional flavors and serving sizes. (Ironically, I couldn't get a server to even acknowledge me at the Sugar Bowl on the same day, which is how I ended up here.)
1	Terrible. I will never waste my money here again. Yeah, sure, the gelato isn't bad, but the price is ridiculous! My friend and I got two one-scoop servings and two iced coffees... I don't remember the exact total, but I remember thinking that we could have gone out to lunch and had a full meal for the same price. There's better gelato in the area, for a better price. When we walked into the store, there was a women and what appeared to be her child sitting at one of the tables playing with their laptop. The woman got up and serviced us. She was kind, so the service was fine, but what I found to be very strange was when another family of customers walked in and while the woman was ringing us up at the register, the child (who appeared be be around 11 years old) went behind the counter and was serving the family of customers (handing them samples). I'm usually not one to care about this, but isn't that girl supposed to have a food handler's permit to be doing that? It just seemed a bit unprofessional. Overall, the experience is just not worth the cost. Also, we weren't impressed with the coffee. I definitely don't recommend this place to anyone.**EDIT** After doing some reading, I can't find anything about an age requirement for a food handler's permit in Arizona, so I'm just going to go on the assumption that the child had one... just doesn't make sense to me, but whatever. The ridiculous prices alone are enough to give this place one star.
4	Yummy gelato and several flavors to choose from, but pricey for the serving size. Went here using a Groupon, otherwise too expensive for this pocketbook.
5	Perfect treat dodging the crowds in Old Town! We had the caramel banana, mango, cherry chocolate and mint chocolate chip and all were excellent. I also love the perfect little amaretto cookie.
