4	From certain angles the Quartermile can make for an idyllic scene in contrast to the dreary buildings found in the nearby Bristo square area.A reliable Starbucks, Sainsbury's and more fancy Peter's Yard equate to a solid place for milling around during any lunch break.Just watch out for the odd cyclist racing past, you don't want your almond croissant and Americano to splatter all over your crisp polo shirt.
5	I fell in love with all the Quarter-mile apartments as soon as I saw them...and when I got inside then whoa!!! Hold me back!!They mix the old with the new and have done it really well. Although it seems to have been on the go for years now, never seemingly finished! A friend told me there will be around 900 appartments in total, which is crazy. When it's finished it will be amazing!!The flats themselves are quite expensive, but will be worth it in the long run as I fully believe it will regain its value.They are STUNNING appartments though, worth a look!
2	I have quite a few friends who're Edinburgh locals, who, when they see this building (i.e. everytime they walk past this building) get kinda outraged. I mean, they grew up with the Royal Infirmary, which was torn down, or as the case may be, revamped, into luxury apartments. Hospital to luxury apartments. Hospital to luxury apartments. Does this not sound kind of wrong to you?Apart from that, I just don't see the buildings' appeal. They're all glass and shiny and completely out of context. The only thing that keeps me from giving this place one star is that it is the home of Peter's Yard and I. Am. Hopelessly. Addicted. To their lattes. This was my friend's fault. For at least a year I stayed away from the Quartermile. Because I had some strange sense of principle. But then my friend made me taste the latte. And oh my.But back to the actual Quatermile: these buildings are just plain incongruous.
4	The Quartermile is one of my favourite places in Edinburgh. Connecting the Meadows to Forrest Road, this walking and cycling path is constantly buzzing with activity. Over the last couple of years the Quartermile has gone under some renovations with new flat being made where the old hospital was. Also, there is now a Sainsbury's, a Starbucks and a Swedish cafe called Peter's Yard. These additions to the area has made this area very busy during everybody's' lunch hour, especially with school children and students. However, during the evening sometimes there are some musicians who play into the night, including those who play the violin and saxophone! Very nice when walking home on an Autumn's evening! At the bottom of the path at the Meadow's end is the most well known Big Issue seller in Edinburgh. He is always there in the mornings and always has a cheery word to say. You will get to know him if your someone who walks through the Meadows daily.
4	I'm excited to see what the Quatermile turns into. When they were building it I trespassed and made my way up to the top of one of the penthouses when it was just a concrete shell and the views from up there are awesome. Not that I could ever afford to be up there now of course! I think that this entire area has so much potential but it needs investment to keep it moving onwards and upwards. Peters Yard is a great addition and we need more places like this and less like starbucks and sainsburys to make this an amazing place to spend time. There is some cool buildings out there which could house some awesome half bar/half workspace type places. This would be awesome. The offices there are starting to take shape too with Skyscanner being in the main building and a wealth management organisation on another floor. I'd like to see more new companies ending up here. It's definately somewhere to keep your eyes on!
5	For a number of years I followed the gradual development of this former hospital site. Every few months I would watch the new high rise flats go up and at first I wasn't at all sure that I liked any of it. A couple of years on and I began to see what Sir Norman Foster had been getting at and I was hooked! The elegant old listed buildings are complemented beautifully by the new minimalist ones, each setting off the other. From the Meadows the spectacle is stunning with Jubilee Hall's red sandstone glowing in the evening sun.One day I went into the marketing centre and asked if there were any one bedroom flats available. As it turned out, there were two and I inspected them. The dilemma was then which one? I settled for a duplex apartment in Jubilee Hall which is spacious and has a lovely view over the Meadows. The whole place is coming alive with restaurants and a gym and the place has a lovely tranquil feel about it although there is still the city bustle available at the Meadow Walk end.I am in love with Quartermile and think that Edinburgh's reputation is much enhanced by it. My former school, George Heriot's, founded in 1628, is just across the road and both of my children were born in the Simpson Memorial Maternity Pavilion which, formerly nearby, is now demolished as it was of no architectural merit. Although I live in Nottingham, Quartemile draws me back to Edinburgh again and again. One day I may even retire there!I've researched the history of Jubilee Hall which was built to commemorate Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee in 1897 and which was officially opened by her daughter Beatrice, Princess Henry of Battenberg. It may be purchased as an illustrated brochure from: ag.dodds@ntlworld.com
