4	This place just reopened a few months ago following a long-overdue remodel. It's a good place, no questions asked. Not the best Chinese restaurant I have ever eaten in, but a worthy one nonetheless.As far as atmosphere goes, the interior here is a bit more "casual" than most Chinese restaurants. Most of this interior decor feels more like something that belongs at Denny's or IHOP. Fortunately, there isn't a whole lot of excess noise either. During my last visit, a TV behind the counter was showing Seinfeld - not complaining or anything, but if you want an authentic Chinese experience, atmosphere and all, this isn't the place for you.But the food is what counts, and each time I have been here, I have had no complaints with it. They have a large, diverse menu - quite possibly one of the largest of its kind. Regardless of your tastes in Chinese food, I'm sure you'll find something you like here. China Inn doesn't really do anything to stand out amongst the other Chinese restaurants in town, but with food items this solid I could care less. Definitely worth stopping by if you're a fan of Chinese food and are in the "Old Henderson" area.
3	Stopped by here for dinner -  This is my mom and dad's favorite place for chinese food ...  So I met them here with my nephews. We had a nice meal ,  a good meal really - Not the same as Lotus which is where I prefer to go, but it is good.They start the meal with some fried won ton crisps ... and with sweet and sour. I had the broccoli beef and lemon chicken , it came with curry puffs and egg roll and rice , I changed out the egg drop soup for won ton soup.It was a good change.
4	I get takeout from China Inn a couple times a month on average. So far everything I've had has been pretty good.I'm a big fan of their Mongolian Beef.  The beef and chicken fried rice is good as well. The only complaint I have is sometimes the Mongolian beef is more onions than beef. Maybe that's because I go there later in the evening shortly before closing time and I get what's left of the beef.I don't eat in, but I can describe the restaurant decor as your typical tacky Chinese restaurant decorations like the ceramic Fat Buddhas and ceramic lucky cats on the counters. The dining room is pretty much the same- Chinese fans on the wall, etc.I'd visit China Inn more often if the prices were a bit lower. Combo meals like the Mongolian beef with an eggroll, cream cheese wontons, and fried rice for one runs $10 with no drink. A bit pricey compared to something like Panda Express.
1	I came here because I read that they had a lunch buffet.  When I inquired about it, I was told that they didn't have it anymore.  So I settled for one of their lunch specials...  I got the sweet and sour chicken.  It was pretty lousy.
2	We stopped in here for lunch day.  We  just moved to the general area and are on the hunt for a Chinese restaurant that we love... we are still searching.  We were there for lunch and tried a couple of the specials.  I had the lemon chicken and my girlfriend had cashew chicken.  The portions were on the smaller side even for a lunch special.  Mine was good but there just wasn't enough of it.  6 pieces of lemon chicken on the plate just left me wanting more.  The cashew chicken had good flavor but was not very appealing to the eye.  The chicken looked like it was boiled.  It came out looking gray, kind or mystery-meatish feel to it.  The best part of the meal was our server.  She was a very sweet older woman whom was very nice and made sure we were well taken care of!  I just don't think we will be returning...
2	Where to start... the decor is atrocious, the place just looks like it's going to be bad. The service was mediocre and there was a waitress eating in front of me which I find tacky. The food was ok... just ok... barely ok.
5	Great place, Great food, Nice staff. "China Inn" does Chinese right. Like being back at the "Hong Kong Restaurant" in Boston. Really good Beef Fried Rice, and the Best Fried Chicken Wings I've had in a long time.But you have to look for it. By the Smith's, and O'Reilly Auto Parts at 894 S. Boulder Hwy.
1	We read some good reviews here and decided to try it. The decor is from the 90's, the food is flavorless MSG glop and even the restrooms were dirty and depressing. We should have gone to Panda Express in Boulder City. No, REALLY.
1	I moved to Nevada about 6 month ago. I took a friend there for dinner and ordered the most expensive family meal. I was trying to take my friend out for a nice dinner and she was in the mood for Chinese. I  wish we had gone  to Panda express as this was the worst Chinese food I have ever eaten. If it had any taste it was of a dirty wash rag. The waitress was nice, but the food was terrible!!! Go some where else.
5	Delicious food and great staff! My favorite is the Mongolian beef and the potstickers. The sauces are all home made and really tasty. Super family friendly and they give great proportions for great prices! They also deliver which is awesome!
1	Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else but here!  The food at this place is absolutely disgusting!  The soup was so salty and tasted like muddy water.  The rib appetizer wasn't even edible!  It was like it had been made a week earlier.  The foil wrap chicken app was some mysterious pieces of chicken stuffed in foil with salt!  Disgusting!  The sweet & sour pork was seriously like chewing on shoe leather! It had no flavor whatsoever....like it had been boiled to death.  The lo-mein wasn't any better.  It was so salty that you couldn't even eat it!  I hadn't been to this place for about 10 years, due to the last experience I had here.  Made a huge mistake thinking it got better after 10 years.  Not even a little bit better!  Save your money!  Panda Express blows this place away!  And I'm not a big fan of that place either....but at least the food is fresh!  I don't know how China Inn even keeps it's doors open!  Very strange cause there is rarely cars there...hmmm.
3	I ordered the House Lo Mein dish for my meal (I had to pay a bit extra for the beef to be added since its not included in the dish but thats no biggie for me). The dish turned out pretty good, not greasy, and the proteins were cooked perfectly nothing over done or under cooked, a selling point for me. The sauce was a bit thin and some what lacking in flavor but that didnt affect the dish majorly. Overall my experience was pleasant and I will be returning.
1	This place is horrible. If i didnt have to give it a star, i wouldnt. I got egg flower soup and it was so thick it was like snot. Couldnt eat it. Got the kung pao shrimp lunch special. Tried one bite of the fried rice and had to spit it out. It tasted like a dirty diaper would smell. It was just nasty. The hostess asked how it was and i let her know that there was no way i would be able to eat it. I ended up leaving and will NEVER go back. If youre looking for chinese food, dont go here. I dont know what or how they cook their food but its not worth even trying.
