4	Tonight was the soft opening of Saddle Mountain Brewing Company. I found out from our server that it was supposed to be just for the contractors that helped to open the restaurant, but it turned into a busy opening night. Being a busy opening night, there were a few expected opening night problems to work through:First, it was busy and it took a while for our server to come by but once she did, the service was good. Second, not all of the beer they offer was available but the ones they had were quite good! More to be available later in the week. Third, the server recommended the beef dip sandwich and, after ordering it, I was informed that they were out. I then ordered the chicken sandwich and was very pleased with it. The chicken breast was cooked perfectly and the flavors of the sandwich were excellent! Certainly a good second choice. For an opening night, I was impressed! There were only minor issues that were to be expected for an opening but I'm sure it will only get better! It's nice to see a place for good American food and microbrew beer on the west side! I will definitely be back!
1	Not a good experience.First of all, we had a choice between sitting inside with live music that was ridiculously loud or sitting outside on the patio with no fans or misting system in Arizona.Secondly, their vegetarian menu items are limited to a cheese pizza (which appeared to of come out of a box), or a pretzel.Next, my Reuben sandwich had approximately half a teaspoon of Russian dressing and absolutely no sauerkraut. When I asked the waitress about this, she checked with the kitchen who informed her that they didn't have any sauerkraut, but they sent it out without it anyway. Not a good decision.While the beer flight was good, my wife's iced tea had all indications of having come out of some sort of mix.The final straw was when the lady at the table behind us lit up her cigarette. I challenged the waitress as to whether smoking was allowed and she said it was, despite being in clear violation of Arizona state law.The bottom line? While I may return for the beer, my wife most likely won't be back anytime soon.
1	Looking forword to a brewery on the west side, what a disappointment. There was no beer or drink menu. We asked our server what kind of beer they had...She could not tell us. The food menu had very little options. Our server took our drink and food order. My husband's flight came out, but I waited 15 minutes for my drink. Waited again for our food She lost our order. Our server .came back again and asked us if we wanted dessert...We told her we never received our dinner!! After 3 times we finally received our food...not good. Will not be back. Not enough T.Vs either. What a waste of 2 1/2 hours
4	I had no idea that this place was even in the works or I would have been super anxious for it to open. I really really like the atmosphere here. All of the staff I interacted with was super friendly. The place had a fun vibe just like it should. We ended up spending about 3 hours there not because service was slow, in fact quite the opposite. We were just enjoying our drinks and chatting with the people around us. The live music tonight was awesome! That guy can sing! They were doing brewery tours but we didn't make it on one. The had a lot of IPA type beers which aren't my favorite but I hear there is a wheat type beer on its way. I'm anxious to try that. I liked the pepper infused vodka Bloody Mary and the Arizona Mule (vodka, ginger beer and prickly pear syrup) I thought things went pretty smoothly considering the short amount of time since they opened. Come on people-you can't expect perfection from the get go. I would like to see some drink menus and specials or some type of happy hour. Either way we will definitely be back. I'm happy to have a place like this in Goodyear!
5	What a great place. Their beers are out of this world and the food is fantastic. They  brine and smoke there own corn beef pastrami and bacon. The portions are really good size for the price.The atmosphere is vintage industrial with a warm wood feeling. Seeing that this place is only been open for a week and it was already so great I can't imagine how much better it will be in the future.
5	I am so excited to have a place like this to call home now on the west side.  To start off the atmosphere is amazing. The decor of the place just sets it off for a fun and relaxing time.  I know it's only been open a week but the staff is rocking it out concidering it was soft opening all week. The food is amazing all made from in house so it's fresh everytime. I had the Beef Dip and OMG it's the best one I have ever had. They now have 6 beers to choose from which are all pretty tasty, I had a beer flight and tried them all. (Chasing Tail amber ale) is my fav. I definitely will be going back alot to hang out and bring my friends.
5	We went Friday night for the grand opening. The food was excellent beer was good and the atmosphere was terrific.
4	When you visit a restaurant in its opening days, it's expected that things will be a little uneven. That said, this place shows lots of promise.The negative straight up: Service was extremely slow. Our server was pleasant, but trying to be multiple places at once; communications with the bar weren't flowing well. I saw our beer flight sitting on the bar for over five minutes (I timed it) before our server went to fetch it.However, there are bountiful positives. My husband loves craft beer and there's not much available on the west side, much less places that offer growler fills. We ordered the beer flight. My husband found them all drinkable and had to really debate which of his new favorites to get as a growler.We were visiting mid-afternoon on Sunday and didn't need a full meal. We ordered the pretzel appetizer. Now, I'm a bread snob; I make all my bread at home. These are exceptionally good pretzel sticks--perfect chewy texture with proper pretzel salt on top. The cheese dip was what really made this awesome. It had real body and complex flavor--cheese and some kind of ale, and it was thick so it actually stayed on the pretzel bread. (Applebees serves nasty, watery cheese dip--bleh!)I watched all the other food that passed by. The pizzas here looked and smelled good, too.We will definitely be back! Here's hoping they get lots of business and attention, and the service issues are resolved with time and experience. We certainly need more good, local places like this.
5	Brand new to town. Our very own micro brewery. Hookah!!  An aviation theme but from the 1940's so if you love beer and flying but not the fed's this is the place for you. Music at the moment is great. Pink Floyd, The Eagles, George Harrison etc but that just mean I'm getting old. The atmosphere is laid back and relaxed and family friendly. Here's hoping they do well. Good luck guys.
5	Awesome food and great beer. I am a hombrewer and they love to talk about their beer, if you have a question they are more than eager to grab a brewer to ask questions. My new go to in the west valley for a restaurant!
5	Okay was going to try and be cute (I said try) and make a picture that read I don't always drink beer but when I do I do it at Saddle Mountain Brewing Company. But not only am I not cute but apparently I have no usable skills either. But to all of the people on my face book page if you are looking for some great food, great beer and some good music visit Saddle Mountain Brewing Company and if you are not looking for the above mentioned go there any way and support your local Brewery.
3	Stopped in for beers.  Good Pale Ale, but their IPA is nowhere near hoppy enough (my opinion.). Good service.Couple of notes about the space.  Lights are WAY too bright.  A dimmer please.  And there is a fan on their small patio that even the bar staff couldn't explain .. Maybe for smoke?!  Anyway, it is extremely loud inside when the door the the patio is open.  Annoying.We'll be back to try the food.  Goodyear is such an awful place to go out and eat we have high hopes.
4	Happy to see  a new place open so close to home, great food, but they need to improve service. Too many servers standing around chatting.
5	I'll start by saying that I'm a beer snob! I've brewed my own beer for years and I know a good beer when I get one and the SMBC Oatmeal Stout is a very good beer! My wife and I both had the stout and we both had the fish and chips. It's the best fish and chips I've had in AZ! Very good! Our waitress was knowledgeable about their food and their beer. She recommended the fish and chips and she was right! It's nice not to have to drive into Scottsdale for something good to eat!
2	Food good.  Service, not so much.Why does a brewery make two customers wait nearly ten minutes for a beer?  Confused servers, that's why.  When they finally figured out who had what table and brought us our beers I thought ours troubles were over.Wrong.Ordered an appetizer when we ordered lunch.  20 minutes later lunch comes out with no appetizer.  The server looked at me like I was nuts when I asked her about the app.  I even had to ask her to look at her order pad to see if she took the order to make sure I wasn't insane.  She delivered brutal service and was tipped accordingly.  Food was good .. My friend commented on how good the burger was.They've been open a week ... Still work to do, I guess.
4	My husband and I moved to the area in March and were seriously disappointed with the lack of good (and locally owned) restaurants. I was very excited to hear this place was going in close to were we live. We decided to try it out tonight, and really loved it. We shared the pretzel appetizer, I had the fish & chips with an amber ale, and my husband had the green chile and pork dish with a beer sampler. Everything was delicious, especially the beer!With that being said, their service needs some work. It did take quite a while (5+ minutes) to get our drinks, and we had to ask for water. Usually when we get a beer sampler at other breweries they explain to use which beer is what. Our server did not do this, so my husband had to figure it out by taste.  Food took a bit long to come out as well, but it was worth it. They did apologize a few times for it taking so long. We had nowhere else to be, and it is a very new restaurant which we understand will take a little time to work out the kinks. We'll definitely be back soon!
5	Good beer , good food. New place so service is slightly slow, but that's normal. Get a flight of beer try them all and enjoy what they have to offer. Got a coupon in the clipper to come out and enjoyed it.
3	We have been there twice sine the opening and coming back may be in question. We waited an hour for dinner last night. That should be only one star. The food and beer make the difference. Our server was top notch tonight. Last time one of the serving staff did not know where the restroom was located. The server last night should never be put in a situation of apologizing for lack of kitchen management. Saturday night should have been all hands on deck but the head chef had the night off. Really? Please fix this issue before it is to late.
3	I would give this place 2 1/2 stars if I could. First, let me say, I was so happy to hear that a brewery was coming to the restaurant desert of the west valley. These are the pros- good beer, the wait staff is trying, the food is good. The beer was very tasty and we were impressed- we tried three different brews- the amber ale, the pale ale and the free style ale. The wait staff tried very hard but the floor was unorganized; this is what was needed- more staff, management on the floor, bus staff. There were two hostesses on a Saturday night- neither was overly friendly (they looked stressed) one moved too slow and one was too timid. They were not organized and seemed to be inefficient. Our waitress was friendly and tried very hard but she was busy- it would have been helpful if management was on the floor assisting the wait staff and if there were bussers to help. The wait staff seemed unorganized, frantic, inefficient and not knowledgable about the food and beer. I suspect it wasn't much better behind the bar or in the kitchen - we waited for our beer and we waited even longer for our food. I wonder if  the kitchen had enough staff such as a runner and an expeditor?When the food finally did arrive - it was good. My husband ordered a cheeseburger- he said it was tasty but over cooked. I ordered the Rachel (pastrami and swiss)- the pastrami was kind of bland and the sandwich was dry (even though cole slaw was on it). The fries were very good. All in all - the food was good, it has potential but it is not memorable. We will be back for the beer and to give it another chance because we know they have only been open a week or so. Step it up SMBC- train your staff better and be prepared for busy nights with more staff and oversight. You can be successful, you are needed in the west valley and you have a good start with the quality of your beer.
1	We tried this place on 10/31.  We had to wait 15 minutes for our beer order to be taken--it was taken by the hostess since no server had come by.  We then had to wait about 15 more minutes to get the beer--and that was with 3 bartenders.  I ordered the green chile pork and my husband ordered the basic hamburger.  We had to wait over 30 minutes for the order--then 10 orders came out at once--a 6-top and 2 deuces.  The 6-top and one deuce put their orders in after ours.I asked the server if the pork was shredded--she wasn't sure.  It is served in chunks--however, she didn't know the word "chunks".  The tortilla that comes with it is 14" big--the server said that's the way they do it in California.  It is unmanageable and it was "wet"-- probably due to being wrapped in foil.My husband's fries were room temperature and his hamburger was lukewarm.  He asked for steak sauce and was informed by our server that this was not a steak house. The server brought out another order of fries--they were hot and delicious. I questioned why the fries were "steam-tabled" and she said it was because people want fast service.  A 30 minute wait is fast service??The beer was good, the food not so good.The servers spend a lot of time walking without doing anything.  Since the wait was so long from the kitchen, I assume there is a problem in there as well.I sent this review to the owner the same day--no response.  If the owner doesn't care enough to respond--which is the polite thing to do even if he didn't like the comments--then I doubt we will be returning.
1	This was our first visit, we normally go to Augies but figured we'd try this place. I was excited when I saw a packed parking lot, and even more excited when I saw there was plenty of seating.  We were given menu's, sat ourselves on the end of a community table and reviewed the menu. After a few minutes we knew what we wanted to drink and eat. After about 10 minutes no waiter had stopped by, we asked someone else at the table if they had been helped, they said "no".  We waited a few more minutes and left. When leaving the hostess asked why we were leaving, their excuse was they're new. I'll continue to go to Augies and never give this place another thought. This is my first ever review.
3	My husband and I are new to the west valley and were excites to know that there was a new brewery in town...beats the drive to Tempe. My husband and I both ordered "mouth on fire" burger. The burger okay but the meat was cold and insipid. We went for lunch and I spilled my drink. I tried flagging down my waiter but she was nowhere to be found. When I finally got her attention, she advised she'd get me a new drink but was too busy to find a mop. Drink never came!! She never came to check on our table (party of 6) we were all disappointed. Beer was amazing.
3	Potential Potential Potential. This place has a pretty cool vibe and decent beer.The good:-cool retro atmosphere-wrap around patio-pretty good beer selection-pretzel, particularly the pretzel mustard is delicious. -We had "The Dip" and it was very nicely cooked and thinly sliced with a quite tasty a-jus. The "needs improvements":-frys tasted like fish, most likely this means they fry their fish'n'chips in the same fryer. Just need another fryer-the water tastes funky and at a brewery where you have 100's if not 1000's of gallons or filtered water in your brewing tanks it should be easy to serve filtered water to your customers. -service: was not bad, but pretty dern slow. However, they are still new and some working out of the kinks in service is expected. Although, I feel as though a visit from the mgr. to our table thanking us and explains the "kitchen is behind" or whatever, along with a free app for our next visit would have gone a long way to ensure repeat business and growth of their regular customers.
2	The food lacks creativity and inspiration. The wings were pricey $10/10 they were drumettes so they were kinda meaty. The wing sauce has an identity crisis, it's half Franks and half Sweet Baby Rays BBQ sauce, a lousy combination. My $10 burger did not come with fine shredded lettuce as the menu indicates it came with a flimsy piece of green leaf lettuce. The red onions were very scant, nor was I asked how I wanted the burger cooked. You can probably get a better burger at Dead Robin....The fries were dry and did taste like fish some. Her $13 Rueben had a shred or 2 of sauerkraut and the corned beef seemed to be rubbery like it was boiled all day and had no flavor at all. Service was good and the place is nice. It's very unlikely we will return.
5	Really good food.   Enjoyed the French dip sandwich,  excellent! My husband had the pastrami sandwich  and was so tender and had nice smokey flavor.    We will definitely be back.
5	Really enjoyed it, I'm glad it's on the west side! I had their red ale and it was smooth and strong... Just perfect! Definitely coming back. My boyfriend loved the decor and the music. I enjoyed their chili cheese fries, definitely the best I've ever had!
3	They are still working things out. Server issues, food was good but not great. The beer was good . This place has a lot of potential,  they just need a little direction and they will be fine.
3	We checked it out because we had a coupon, which they didn't honor, said it expired on the 10th. I didn't notice that but could've missed it, however. coupons usually go thru the end of the month, don't they?The Chile Verde was very good but the menu wasn't too impressive. I was so hoping for something like Four Peaks but they don't come close. The IPA was very good along with some other beers.
3	Tried this place two times now, including today. Good atmosphere. Good food. Pretty good beer. I had the jambalaya first time; Chips salsa and wings today. All food good. Wings a bit chewy. Jambalaya pretty good. Had sampler tray of beers each time. I like their beers quite a lot. Not too hoppy. I don't usually like stouts but theirs is good. Seats comfy and I like most of the setup. However: Tvs are mounted way too high. Crick in my neck each time I go. Service is marginal. Even though not very busy, and plenty of servers standing around, didn't get checked on much. Funny- asked for 3 things end of today- the check, more salsa and a napkin. Did not get napkin. How tough is it to get all 3? Consistently average service. Too bad really. I like that they have happy hour on Sunday's. Decent prices. I'll try again but really hope TVs get lowered and service improves.
4	I first stopped in for a beer, it was late and they were wrapping up, but last night my wife and I stopped in after a horrible day. Within a few minutes we were seated. It has a very dark and ambient atmosphere with 5 TV on opposite sides of the place (3 on one, 2 on the other.)Our waitress Kali (spelling?) was amazing. She was chipper and very friendly.The beer is very good over all and they have some coming for the Christmas season that I am exited to try. Definitely going back.
4	The service was great and the burgers delicious. Well def be back, glad to have a brewery in Goodyear.
2	Went here with my parents. Very small and cramped.  Your sitting shoulder to shoulder with people you don't even know. Service was slow. Everyone was nice.. but slow. The waitresses chatted a lot with their own friends instead of taking care of their customers. My mom's food was delicious but my dad was very unhappy. He specifically asked for certain things not to be on his burger and they did it anyway. I think this was partially on the waitresses since they don't write anything down you say. Also, asked for our check and it took them ten minutes to get it to us and no the waitress gave it to us with no pen. Took her a while to come back with a pen since she was socializing.  Just overall not happy with the experience.
4	Really like what's happening here.  Improved service .. Food is well above average .. Honestly, the beer is just okay.  Not much character to it ... But Saddle Mountain is a good place to be.
4	Thankfully another craft brewery in the much too dry West Valley.  The beers were pretty good, not stellar but not a waste of time (or cash either) but what I really enjoyed was their smoked pastrami sandwich - very tasty for sure and unique.  Wife really enjoyed her lunch as well.
3	This is my last Yelp about Saddle Mountain because I'm boring myself and there any of you who trip over this review.The food here is really good.  The beer here is just okay, non descript.  The service is annoyingly inconsistent.  Tonight we had a server tell us she was late to the table to get our order then late again to deliver the check because she ran to some old acquaintances from California.!!!!!!???????I think this place is what it's going to be.  Just okay.  In Goodyear, Arizona that's good enough.  Put this joint in Phoenix, Tempe, or Chandler then our server could ask her old friends for a job .. because Saddle Mountain would be a memory in months.Okay, I'm done.
5	My wife and I really enjoyed everything about this place.  The atmosphere was great, tastefully decorated for Christmas and the food was spectacular. The Ray Ray Burger is out of this world.  The beer was really good!!!  Our server was very attentive and super sweet and helpful!!  Good job, we'll be back.
3	Stopped in for lunch.  Friendly guy sat me.....Ordered a flight and a lunch wrap....  The wrap was good.  Would order it again if I'm back.  I only say if, because I live in the East Valley, was heading out of state, so this would be a 3 hour round trip drive.I ordered the flight....she said they had a new beer, so pick a beer from the list to have replaced with it....I appreciated the fact that I got to pick the unwanted beer, rather than them!  Here's where the review fumbles....as I said, I was headed out of state....very much could have been on my lunch from work, with the time I was there....Sat at the table, with my meal and flight pushed across the table from me....I think this is international sign for "check please"....for nearly 20 minutes before she came to "check" on me, at which point I said "just a box please and here's my card".  I was a little bummed at the inattentiveness.....however, I will give her this, she was the only server working, and I was one of four tables....one newer than I, but unfortunately getting better attention than I.  Sorry, I factor all of this when "calculating" my yelp...a form of synergy...So I would probably go back....sit at the bar....where your "server" is pretty much "right there"....
5	We were so excited to see a brewery and family-owned restaurant come to the area!!! No more chains! This is pretty much the only place we go out to eat anymore. My husband LOVES the beer! I'm not a beer drinker, but they have a full bar and awesome cocktail and wine options to keep me happy! The food is also great! They make things fresh daily and are very proud of what they serve. We've had everything from pizza and wings to burgers, and one of my favorites is the green chili plate. Keep up the good work SMBC!
3	After three visits, I'd say that Saddle Mountain is a work in progress. This place has plenty of potential.  Nice atmosphere.  Great microbrews.  Ample pub menu. The fish sandwich, burger, and pizza were all pretty good.  On my last visit, a friend ordered the spinach, strawberry, and grilled chicken salad.  The salad was wet (over dressed), the stawberries were frozen, and they substituted field greens without telling her that they were out of spinach.  The wait staff is friendly and polite, but  clearly inexperience.  They are not up to speed on the menu and beers, and haven't mastered the skills of efficient table service.  I'd love to see this place succeed.  The West Valley needs a variety of good dining.  Hopefully the owners will step in and provide enough oversight to make this place a great success.  Wishing them well.
5	This place is great. So many breweries have one good beer, but this beer list is solid all the way through. The stout, amber and IPA were especially good. The IPA was perfectly balanced.We then ordered the mouth on fire burger which did not disappoint! It was SPICY and sooo good. Perfectly cooked too :)I love that you can see the brewing equipment through the windows. They sell and fill growlers (even those from elsewhere). The space is really beautiful and I love that they have fresh herbs growing in their planters.  There is lots of outdoor sitting AND heaters for the winter. My only complaint was that our dog was not welcome in the outdoor seating. The staff was kind and attentive for our lunch. I wish we lived closer so we could come more frequently!
5	Best burger I have had all year!! Tasty, juicy, awesome!!! The atmosphere was friendly and lively. The beer was ok but the the burger was too good for me to notice.
3	This is really more like a 3 1/2 star experience. It has been a while since we were in last so we decided to go in for a late lunch on Friday. It was fairly busy with no where to sit at the bar so we sat at a table. While the food we had was excellent unfortunately our service was not. It was super slow and no one even checked on us after we got our food. I would have definitely ordered another beer if asked. I decided to order a growler to go which took forever to get but I guess they were having issues with the keg. The unfortunate part is when I got home and tried the beer that was so amazing at the restaurant it was flat. Sad face. I probably should have taken it back but we had a busy weekend ahead and ended up pouring the majority of it down the drain. I really like this restaurant and hope that the service improves. We will be back but I will definitely sit at the bar next time.
5	Cool place. Good prices. Came here on a date and had a great time. The man loved the beer choices. Staff was super nice.
3	Went in for a second visit, food was ok but a little overpriced. Service wasn't great, overheard employee badmouthing the place to another employee. Descent beer selection. Server didn't know much about the beers. If they can work out the kinks this could be a cool little place.
4	We have eaten at the Saddle Mountain Brewing Company several times now, including a four-course "beer pairing" dinner last night. The menu is not extensive but it is nicely varied, offering something for everybody. The beer is the real star =, however; this is a microbrewery and all beer is brewed on the premises. The styles range from mild Pilsners to robust Pale Ales, from light to dark, and from slightly fruity to very hoppy. The menu does suggest beer pairings for the entrees, although you can certainly drink whatever style you want. The wait staff is friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere is congenial. All-in-all it's a great addition to the Goodyear, AZ dining scene!
