4	This Hallmark store is located inside the Chandler Fashion Mall. I had called a few days before going to see if they had an item I was looking for. It rang(the phone) for ever, no answer and no machine.Anyway, I happened to be at the mall for something else and I saw Diane's Hallmark and thought I would have a quick look anyway. They did not have the item I sought however, they did have Barbie Christmas ornaments, of which I am a collector. I was very pleased and choose several that I did not already have. One of my Christmas trees at home is a Barbie tree so I was super excited. The reason for only 4 stars is the store was very busy,of course it is Saturday , and 2 weeks before Christmas. The staff was too overwhelmed and could hardly get to everyone. The girls at the check out were less than pleased to be there,at least the one that helped me. She threw the barbie in the bag and never asked me if I had a Hallmark card/ ( it is a reward card). I know we all get tired and over whelmed. So i am not taking it personally. It is a popular store, I look forward to going there when they are not so busy.
4	This Hallmark location is set up nicely. They have a wide selection of cards for many occasions. Most recently I was here for Mother's Day cards. I was also looking for a mother to be card which I could not find. I did ask for help and the associate was happy to help me find what I was looking for. I was a little disappointed in the selection but it was a specialty card and I was there the day before Mother's Day so I can't really say anything bad. I am a huge Disney fan and I have also been able to find cute little wood decorations carved with Disney quotes which I have hanging up in various places around the house.I also find great Christmas supplies here. I was able to get great deals the day after Christmas and as a tip, from time to time they will put out past season Christmas supplies at various times of the year to get rid of them. You can get rock bottom prices. Always good to stock up on holiday decorations.I will definitely be back. Hallmark is one of those places that will bring up those feelings of nostalgia and I enjoy my visits to this location.
1	This location is closed. The store closed over a year ago. The nearest hallmark is on the NW corner of Rural & Ray.
