4	A cool place to dance, drink, and/or spill my coconut juice on people from the VIP.
5	You know, it's tricky writing a review for a dance club. One man's trash is another man's treasure if you get my drift. So while I give Diesel a 5-banger, certainly there are others that wouldn't even warrant it a 1. C'est la vie...I'll put my observations up here and you draw your own conclusions.Bottom line, Diesel is the best ~real~ dance club in Pittsburgh. It replaced the tired, old Nick's Fat City in the summer of 2006. The new owner came in, renovated the place, not all cheesey-like, but dropped some serious coin. Great lighting, sound system, VIP area (with a glass floor so you can see the peeps below), and to top it off, attitude!Don't go here expecting everyone to be all nicey-nice. You'll get a little bit of NYC aloofishness (made that word up) from the employees, but who really cares? They are there to serve you drinks, not become your best friend. Because after all, you already have a bunch of friends, right? Well if you don't, it's unlikely you're going to meet any here. The girls are here to dance (more on that later), the guys are here to leer and attempt to pickup said girls. That's pretty much what it boils down to here.So why 5-stars? Because if you really want to dance, this is the place in Pittsburgh to do it. It's not all Top-40, it's not all hip-hop, it's not all dance/techno but rather all mixed together! And the DJ here doesn't just play track A followed by track B. He actually "mixes", like what DJ's are supposed to do! You might hear a cool remix of a Madonna classic, followed by a current hip-hop track, etc. So as far as music, this place is about as fresh as pubescent boy in his first Adult World.Humor yourself: grab a few pre-going-out-drinks, try out Diesel, keep in mind my fun facts listed above, and you'll have a good time. It may be for you, it may not, but hey, at least you tried.
4	so... i've only been here for concerts. but those couple times were lovely.the lights are awesome. the sound is good. there's tables and stuff along the sides of the floor in front of the stage. and if you're short and get stuck in the back, you can sneak up and stand on the base of one of the columns and be like, a foot taller than the crowd. there's a few cute little hidden lounge areas, but i suppose those are more useful when you're not there to see a band cause you cant see the stage from them at all. the area upstairs seems cool, but of course i'm not allowed up there since i'm not 21. if you're going to see a show on the weekend, it's really hard to find parking in the southside. so... get there early. or be prepared to walk a lot. or get dropped off. or take a bus. or something. i missed a show here once cause of this. i shouldn't be all that surprised though...
3	A decent dance club...alot better than margarita moma or matrix.  Sometimes there is a line but it wont last longer than 10mins.  I havent been in almost two yrs but it is somewhere I would def check out again when im home
5	Free admission on Thursdays with a flyer, and $1 wells and Miller Lite bottles. Great dance floor and layout too. Good by me.
2	Is my bartender supposed to be drunker than I am?  I thought there were some rules about that.  This is the old Nick's Fat City building reskinned to look like a swanky deal.  It's really not a bad place for a show unless it is incredibly crowded.  If it is, you'll quickly learn what human sweat tastes like, and you'll forget what it was like to drink beer because you will never get back to the bar.  The last time we were there, I made it to the upstairs which was great, but since the bartender up there was seriously hammered, he didn't seem super interested in giving actual service.  The sound is good, the space isn't bad, and lord knows it's good to have concert venues in the area, but the bartenders kind of blow, and security was having trouble keeping up with the crowd.
4	Diesel has the best music on Southside. DJ's that can tear it up and shows on certain weeks.  My favorite dance club in Pittsburgh. Word. that being said, the covers are expensive, the drinks are ridiculously over priced and the crowd has a tendency to be 1. creepy business men trying to get theirs or 2. wasted college girls who get in for free because they look bangin'.  If you go with some friends, it's a great time.  We usually bitch about the cover and (when I'm with some pretty ladies) can get in without the cover, but you may want to start a cheaper bar to avoid the $5 Yuengling bottles.
2	What a strange bar.1) for shows, it's terrible!  The sound is shit, the techno club lights are annoying, and the space is limited2) as a bar/club I find this place slightly insulting. Bring back Nicks Fat CityPlus: the led and color changing back panels are neat.  It's sleek and modern.
3	Okay, the venue is really nice. Good atmosphere and the staff was pretty much on their game. The sound engineer,  his name I believe is Joe, was excellent and super friendly. It was a nice surprise to see this place take over Nick's Fat City (RIP A long time ago).However, I can't say much good about the "Marketing Director" Santucci. This woman is absolutely horrible to work with and/or communicate with. I think she actually believes her shit does not stink. Advice: You hate your job that much. Quit. You're not doing any of us any favors. It's your job, your function, your responsibility in your position. Respect, information, and try to make the club profitable.This is not just my opinion, but MANY that have had the "pleasure" of talking with her. We're all busy. We all have a million things to do. We all have to deal with stupid shit. Get over it and act like a respectable human being. Venue is still good in regardless of that.
5	Good Place To Go to a show... THIS SAT EMMURE @ 6:30 pm Aug 21st.Then dance it up afterwards good place to go dance
4	Great decor. Music was good if you like dance music. Prices were so so I guess for a big city bar @ 6.50 a Capt diet
3	I went on a weekend night when they didn't have live music, but a local dj. The place was empty before midnight, and grew increasingly more crowded towards 1am. The dance floor downstairs, where the DJ booth rises up like a platform, was beyond a no-no with the slodge of Pittsburgh youth grinding on each other. Needless to say, I ended up in the upstairs DJ booth, serving up shots and no doubt entertaining the supposed Steeler's players who had a nearby VIP table and the displeasure of watching me moonwalk the entire booth with, again, said dj. What an accomplice, I  just wish I remembered her name... At least I know that this is probably the most South Beach-esque club on the carson strip. No doubt!
3	This makes me feel really old, but I was at Diesel the first weekend that it opened.  It was my roommate's birthday and a friend was a DJ there at the time.  The joint was pretty empty until 11pm, our drinks were free, and we were new to the "club" scene.  I was too punk rock to be comfortable at what I thought was just about the swankiest place ever.  We were up at the VIP tables.  It was awkward.  (I never made it to veteran clubber status, FYI.  Thank god.  I also later learned that Diesel was not really that swanky.)So I've been at Diesel in many different circumstances: early in the evening, so late that it's early morning, on the dance floor, in the bottle service section, when a DJ was spinning terrible music (house jams), when a DJ was spinning okay music (some rap, some top 40), and when a live band was playing.That said...While I don't think that Diesel is a good music venue, there aren't a lot of good venues in Pittsburgh, so Diesel is better than nothing.As a club, I'm not a big fan--except for the occasions when I had free bottle service.  When I'm wearing my killer red dancing shoes, I want a club that plays all of the radio hits, but with a little humor behind it--mixing Ke$ha with the occasional 80s throwback or that Gin Blossoms song I never can remember the name of.  Diesel takes itself too seriously.  On that note, the wait staff also needs to realize that the reason we're paying $90 for a bottle of crappy vodka is for, well, the service.  The only time that I've gotten decent service from the staff was when I was mistakenly thought to be with some Penguins players.
5	Loved this place! Reminds me of the clubs where I'm from (Scottsdale, AZ)! I love the set up how the bar is separate from the dance floor and the tables are on the sides or upstairs. Pretty good music, I could do without some of the top 40 songs I hear 5 times a day on the radio already but the DJ made sure to throw some house and good hip hop in there as well. Drink prices were average for a club. Probably around $6-9 depending on what you want.Highly suggest if you're looking to dance and have a good time!
1	awful. don't bother.
4	No cover + reasonably priced beverages = yes, please. Came here to get some dancing out of my system and DANCE I DID. The crowd was a bit on the older side (on a Saturday night, which was somewhat unexpected) but the DJ was playing good hip hop (my jam) and thus I had no complaints. A little later on, he switched to a techno set, which was my cue to pat myself dry and chug some ice water. *The runners are incredibly sweet--one of them helped me find a safe place to stow my coat. (Ladies, the coat check room isn't always available so dress wisely!)
5	Last year, the organization that I am a part of at Carnegie Mellon threw an 18+ club party at Club Whim for our annual Spring Carnival and this year they decided to throw it at Diesel Club/Lounge. It was equally if not better than last year's party. Again, because it was on a Thursday, Diesel allowed us to have an 18+ party. While security was a little bit frustrating because they were so strict with letting people upstairs in the 21+ section, everything else was extremely professional. The DJ was one of the best that I have heard, starting out with throwback songs moving into top 40s and finishing off with house music. We also had a VIP table, which was extremely legit. The place was packed with people and everyone including my friends had a great time. Diesel has always been one of my favorite clubs and I am so glad that my organization chose to have it here this year.
4	Went to diesel with some friends from Pittsburgh and had a blast.. Nice and clean restrooms which is not the norm for clubs. Good drink specials and Big STeve really took care of us with bottle service. Thanks DIesel
5	Diesel is the best club in Pittsburgh, hands down. It's conveniently located in the South Side, so if you're looking to grab a few drinks or check out the bars it is walking distance away from everything. The club has the best lighting in the area, and one of the best lighting systems I have ever seen (I have checked out clubs in NYC and Chicago and it is on par with the best there). If you arrive before 11PM, there is no cover. Drinks are reasonably priced, and the earlier you go the cheaper they tend to be. The club is generally emptier towards the earlier hours (before 12AM), but after 12AM it starts to pick up and by 12:30 or so it is usually a huge party. Easy to dance here, get in the crowd and have a good time. Bottle service is reasonably priced and the service is excellent - the rooms are very nice and modern and the upstairs table area overlooks the entire dance floor. They are working on the rooftop bar/lounge, so that should be amazing during the warmer months. Overall, great club with a trendy, upscale atmosphere!
4	Okay, so I deleted my old review because it wasn't fair. I was sober in a club environment. Anyways, I went back for St. Patty's Day and wasn't sober this time. The DJ/music was great, the lights went along with the beat of the music (totally flipping awesome!) and the crowd was alive & in a great mood. It was a shoulder to shoulder like last time but hey what can ya do? It's a club. Also, I believe there is no cover before 11.Let me also mention that Diesel was my 1st stop in South Side on my 21st. (my 12:01am drink doesnt count..) Just imagine being in the club for the 1st time and as you're slowly walking in you hear "Shots" by lil john blasting from the DJ booth. Reminded me of a scene from Project X , hahaha.
2	Stayed at a hotel downtown. Went to Diesel on a Saturday night and it was an $8.00 cab ride away. Cover was $5. No coat room ladies, so dress appropriately. Diesel has good music and great VIP table rooms.  Drinks were cheap so that's always a plus (my Peach Ciroc and 7 was only $7)  The place was packed and very hard to get around. Floor gets wet from spilled drinks, so ladies be careful.  Ladies' bathroom was filthy! Age of crowd was between 22-28, mostly short, white males in club last night. I'm judging by Vegas standards, so if this is the best Pittsburgh has to offer, I'm a little worried.
3	I generally don't come here for four reasons: the smoke machine makes this place so stuffy; not well ventilated; no seating (on weekends); and tiny space because the second floor is almost always closed off.  The bartenders here are quick though and attentive , and drinks are reasonably priced and made well.  The music is not my taste... When I go (granted, not very often) it's a lot of rap and grinding... Not my thing!
4	Pros of this place: GREAT music - seriously, if you like to dance, you won't stop, the DJ here on a Friday and/or Saturday night knows how to get the crowd turned on!- Coat check available occasionally (2 bucks a coat, not too bad)-Relatively big dance floor (especially compared to Tiki Lounge which we had hopped from, which is TINY)-Good drinks, not tooo overly priced (about $5/drink for well/rail drinks)Cons: towards the end of the night, be prepared to have sticky shoes (and even entire outfit) - I probably had at least 5 drinks spilled on me during the course of the night (not all by myself either :P) from people wondering and jostling around, the club can get packed after 12AM, magically- I'm not a tall girl by any means (5'4") but I towered over most guys when I was in the club (and you can't judge me too hard because I went on two different nights and noticed the same trend)... wtf pittsburgh?! - They definitely push bottle service - I remember coming to Diesel over a year ago and being able to dance on the 2nd floor and thinking how it felt like a different club upstairs - and now you can't even go upstairs unless you're bottle service/VIP... ugh, obnoxious
5	Last time I was in here it was Nick's Fat City, that should tell you how long ago. *sad face*  Let's take a moment........ok, we can now move on.This place has retained a lot of it's uniqueness factor, which I appreciate.  I love the levels they have here and the maze like walkways to get from one place to the next.  Makes for a night where you have to ask if you were really in here, or if you were dreaming.  If dancing is your thing, stay downstairs and dance on the dance floor.  If being a spectator is more of your thing, go to the upper levels and watch with delight as you look down on everyone getting down to some of the best dance beats you will find in Pittsburgh.Bars appear to stretch along the whole wall which is nice.  Ample room to sidle up to the bar and wait for your drink.  Speaking of drinks, the bartenders are close to magicians.  Slinging drinks as fast as they can, even if a majority of them seem to be on autopilot (smile some people).  However, the servers were very nice, polite enough to stop and answer a question I had even though she was on a mission to get the order fulfilled.  I may have ended up upstairs as a spectator in the beginning, but after about a half hour in here I made my way down to the dance floor.  Once on the dance floor I left myself go and enjoy the music.  Everyone laughing and smiling as they were feeling the music.I think Diesel has me hooked and has shown me that there is still a good place in Pittsburgh that plays dance music.  I will be back, oh yes.
5	Diesel, for all appearances, is like an episode out of Jersey Shore. Young college goers are fist pumping, there's always a way to drunk girl slamming and falling in to everyone, and if you're a girl alone dancing? There's guys sneaking up behind you grabbing your hips, or pulling you by the arm.Security is tight. Any time I've had an issue with a guy and his unwanted attention the bouncers see it and are right next to me helping. That is so important as a woman who often goes clubbing alone. That being said! I've never not had a good time here, and it's a usual stop for me every weekend. While college students are the majority, you will find people of all walks in age, orientation, and style mixed in to the minority part of the crowd. The bartenders are insanely fast even when the place is so packed you can hardly move, and the bartender Jimmy (I think is his name) does those awesome bartending flair tricks. I've even seen him spit fire.  Drinks are reasonable too, $5 for a simple mixed drink.It's so loud, but the music is good. The dancefloor after 11pm is always packed. You're guaranteed a crowd. I've never experienced VIP here, I prefer to float about the entire place. I always meet great people here. The VIP must be good though, those areas are always full. There's also a live DJ every weekend. Coat check is available, though it seems to only open after it gets busy. That's annoying because you have to wait in a line to drop off and pick up your stuff, though they've never lost anything of mine.Finally, the bathroom attendant is sooo nice! And she's on top of everything. Once my deodorant started to fail, and she had some for customers. She's awesome.Always a great time here!
5	Megan made our entire night, we wanted for nothing!  We had an issue with another party, Megan handled it professionally ASAP.  Truly a wonderful experience thanks to her!  She is a gem!
5	Great Club, Awesome music, Good drink prices, large dance floor and packed as hell.... What more do you want from a club?
