2	I had high hopes when I saw an Asian fusion food truck on the ASU campus, but I was very disappointed with my first experience. I ordered the K-Pop tacos, since putting Asian fillings inside a taco was one of the best ideas anyone (i.e. Kogi in LA) has ever had. The filling at Fan Boy was quite good: marinated chicken in a Gochujang style sauce, green onions, sesame seeds and kimchee. Unfortunately, the filling was served in the worst stale, cold, dry, nasty corn tortillas I've had the displeasure of eating in a long time. They were complete garbage. Whoever thought it would be acceptable to serve tacos on that crap should be fired. Like serving a sandwich on stale bread, it doesn't matter how good the filling is. A bad tortilla ruins a taco. The filling was promising enough that I will still try Fan Boy again. Once. If the next dish has another huge flaw, I'm done with them.
4	This is pretty good food on the ASU campus. I have had the Fan Boy Bowl and the shogun chicken bowl and I think that it is quite tasty. The marinated meats are tender delicious and the vegetables that come on the plate are pretty good too. The pineapple cucumber relish that came with the shogun bowl is awesome! The only payment methods they take are M&G and Credit cards, no cash. For about $6 a bowl, it's a pretty good value at ASU. One caveat is that sometimes I've gotten food from them that is only luke warm for whatever reason
5	This truck is delicious and adorable. Tried the Fan Boy fries (criss cross fries and marinated beef) and the bacon-wrapped hot dog. Sooo good. Sooo full.
4	Fan Boy Fries are the best :] i love them
5	Orange chicken and lettuce wrap are really good! Try them, you won't regret it.
5	Oh my I spotted this bad boy at the Tempe Campus right in between of the Apache Parking Structure and the BAC Business Building!! After seeing this truck parked there around 5:00pm till about 7:00pm I decided to pay them a visit and see what they had to offer. Boy was I glad I did, since they offered much healthier meal options then the MU does! Makes me and my tummy very happy. They have delicious and quickly prepared bowls or sides! Top notch ingredients and flavors. For example, I went with their B.Y.O.B. (Build your own bowl) and selected the marinated stir-fry chicken, along with stir-fry veggies, white rice, spicy teriyaki sauce and a bit of their ninja dust, which was recommended for an added spicy kick. Oh my, it was OH SO GOOD and healthy too!! So I was glad I decided to try them out! The service was super sweet and friendly! Great experience!! High five to that and a well deserved A++ I will be paying them more visits I'm sure!! :)
4	Since my initial review, Fan Boy has really improved their game. Menu items that didn't cut it were removed (i.e. the tacos). Things still aren't perfect (service issues like seemingly regular failures of the credit card system with no possibility of payment by cash, uneven rice quality, food served lukewarm), but the improvement is definitely significant. Hopefully Fan Boy will continue to work to improve their product and service.
