5	This is one of my favorite cafes for lunch.  It is one of the few places that serves up homemade soups and creative entree salads daily.  Casual and totally reasonable prices.  The fresh bakes goodies are wonderful, as is the selection of ice tea made from high quality local tea company Revolution Tea.
5	We discovered Dragonfly when it was voted Best New Restaurant in 2003. Since then, I haven't been back much, simply due to the fact that they are in way North Valley, and I'm in the waaay South Valley. But, I still dream at times of their Butternut Squash pasts with goat cheese, sage & pepitas... or their Tropical Fruit Salad w/jumbo shrimp, pineapple, mango, coconut, red onion, cilantro and macadamia nuts. Mmmm...They also serve up a wonderful breakfast/brunch, almost too beautiful to eat, with fresh fruits, mini-pastries, tarts, and tea sandwiches on fresh-baked bread. They also now offer frozen dinners-to-go, which one of these days when I have an important dinner party I plan on buying and trying to pass off as my own home-cooking. Think I can pull it off?
4	I came for Lunch, the place was empty.Cute Cafe loaded bakery case and a pretty decent sized breakfast and lunch menu. Breakfast served all day.I decided to go with the Zucchini and Mushroom Tart, served with fruit and toast (see pics)While I was waiting two ladies came in sat down and asked me if I'd ever eaten here before. They whispered amongst themselves wondering why the place was empty and then decided they weren't gonna chance it and got up, wished me luck and left.Well the Luck was all mine because while it may not have looked like much in the picture I'm telling you that tarts was Absolutely Delicious in Every Way!!I would definitely come back of I was in the area again........and guess what I will be next week!
3	I like the food but felt it was a bit overpriced. Also I thought the portions were small however the quality of the food is great
4	I'm just reviewing this for breakfast/lunch - I've not eaten anything else here. Although recently they've begun to be open for dinner, and the menu looks good & affordable.Yesterday we went for lunch and I had the Pecan Cinnamon roll french toast. It was just right for what I was craving and hit the spot. One think I really liked was that they offered the option of either thin or thick cut (my choice). My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar. The sauce on the Pecan roll slices was perfectly caramelized from the french toast preparation and the syrup was just enough to add to the taste.I also had a nice side of crispy bacon and did I mention that they serve Ovaltine?!?!?
4	Went for brunch today - Nice place! We've been looking for a place to rival The Mission in San Diego (planned trips around their breakfast!) in our local area... This place is a definite contender - and not even expensive! Coffee was strong, french toast was crispy and sweet... The BF had a yummy skillet that was very tasty... will definitely be back!
5	Had both breakfast and dinner here today.Breakfast, Bananas Foster French Toast, great and tasty.  $9.00Dinner, Chicken Marsala, with a little gorgonzola, served with buttered linguine and grilled veggies.  $14.00, had a couple of glasses of house cab $4.00@ (Penfold's)Very dog friendly outside, nice chef owned and operated neighborhood place.  We will be back.  Also next door is The Gelato Maker for a quick stop after dinner.
4	After reading reviews, I went for the Bananas Foster French Toast.  It was so good, it really should have been a dessert too.  We also had the Greek (spinach was delicious) and some melted cheddar with an omelet.The service was excellent, very attentive and timing was perfect.  The decor was something that kept us looking for hidden dragonflies throughout the experience.  Highly recommend this little gem.
4	Highly recommended for breakfast and lunch, I had breakfast (the smoky and warm red pepper an sausage hash with spiked cottage cheese) and my best gal Sara had lunch (an open faced Med wedge sandwich loaded with fresh roasted shrooms and veggies). Killer, creative dishes executed deliciously and priced better than one would expect. We were seated and served quickly by two attentive and friendly servers on the breezy and shaded patio. Oh and the cinnamon roll was sticky and yummy and not too sweet.
4	Just went there for lunch. Ate on the patio, which was very pleasant this time of year (Fall). Had Curry chicken sandwich (perfectly spiced)and Cranberry chicken sandwich (excellent). The orzo side dish was very good, came with a mini-side of feta cheese. The fruit salud side was extremely varied- blueberries, apple, melons, grapes (3 kinds), pineapple, orange, and more, I cannot believe they packed some much in a little bowl. The service was good and timely. Can't wait to try them for lunch and dinner.
5	This is an interesting, cozy, welcoming place - you really want to come in and sit down.  I was almost put off by the hostess telling us about the 'natural, local ingredients' (I prefer the ingredients to speak for themselves) but she did look like the owner and she was genuinely passionate about the subject.  I was also almost put off by the very poor beer selection. I can't handle strong beers any more (headaches) but enjoy the refreshing taste of beers such as Corona, Heineken, etc but the only beers they had were 'craft beers' (which tend to be strong in flavor, and high in alcohol), and ... Michelob Ultra (!).  Turns out that latter beer was ok for me but it would not have been my first choice. Why do restaurant owners give such short shrift to beer, and only carry strong beers? They also serve the wine in strange tumblers rather than classic wine glasses ...  OK, rant over ...OK - to the important part - My meal was simply outstanding. The Hanger steak (local Arizona grown, grass-fed) was perfectly grilled and served on the best mashed potatoes I've ever had - nicely spiced. The vegetables (asparagus in this case) were also perfectly cooked. My partner had the salmon, and it too was very good.  We'll definitely be back to try other things on the menu.  The place closes early (9:00pm on Friday!) so time your visit accordingly.  They also have a 'house magician' on Fridays which at first struck us as very odd, but - he was very good, not too intrusive, and very entertaining! We found the price just a touch lower than we expected, given the quality - a rare find!Looks like the address for this place has been fixed now; just in case, this restaurant is on Via Linda in the "Mercado" shopping center, next to the A.J. Fine Foods market, at the corner of Via Linda and Mt. View.
4	The first "people love us on yelp" sticker.... after waking up to no coffee (which for the plus one and I is a huge FAIL) I typed in best brunch Scottsdale and fell upon a review that said essentially a lot of really great things but "strong coffee" was what I saw staring at me... SOLD! This place is super cute. Country Modern feel.... folks are friendly and it feels like you are in the country...but everything from the lighting to the black chairs is mod... LOVE IT. They are kid friendly, couples who want to snuggle friendly, and there is an outside/counter/table option.There is a sign near the kitchen that says "gratitude, compliments and applause are always welcome" Dragonfly Cafe you have all three from me: 1. The service is stellar. The gals working the front are all smiles and ensure your coffee is filled and any questions you have are answered. 2. The coffee (which comes in super cute white mugs) is strong and after a few minutes I felt somewhat more coherent...enough to order 3. My grilled balsamic veggie omelet egg white only with fresh fruit was delicious. The balsamic was not overpowering at all and the feta on top was a great accompaniment. The boyfriend got the french toast and was happy. (btw: they have tons of different kinds of french toast...bananas foster is one I was eyeing but decided to be a tad healthier)4. Carmel Cinnamon Pecan Bun...however you want to rearrange those words the answer is the same... it is like heaven on earth. They are hot... the carmel is buttery and not too sweet... the pecans are like finding treasures amidst a super soft bun. (This pretty much cancels my attempt to be healthy with my breakfast... but to my credit I only ate a quarter..so far today)Yes.... like other yelpers have mentioned... they do have Ovaltine. Dragonfly Cafe have my gratitude, compliments and applause.. a definite place to eat breffix :-)
5	"Dragonfly Cafe is by definition a mom and pop establishment".  This little quote comes right off their to-go menu and for this foodie, such a statement doesn't get any better.  Honestly, I'm surprised there are not more 5 Star reviews for this place.  In my opinion, it's perfect.  You can tell that the food is prepared with love, a quality that is often hard to find in a restaurant, and when you do find it, you know you're at home. In fact, "HOME" is really how you feel at the Dragonfly.  The place is decorated like home, they've got board games to play, the owners and workers are all family (literally) or they act like they're family, and the menu screams comfort food.I went there for breakfast after stumbling on the place.  I didn't even know it existed.  The coffee was piping hot, so I knew the rest of the meal was going to be great.  If you can't get coffee right, then you don't have a chance.  I've since read the Yelp reviews, and the coffee is indeed strong... and hot... and perfect.Now I'm a biscuits and gravy fanatic ... if there is such a thing.  I make a mean rue and my sausage gravy is darn tasty.  I don't cook it that often, but I love trying this dish at various dives around the country.  I've had crap biscuits and gravy and I've had great B&G.  There really is no middle of the road B&G.  It's either great, or it's crap.  At the Dragonfly, the B&G are GREAT.  In fact, I would venture to say that this is the best B&G in all of the valley if not the state of Arizona.  (Now that the Arroyo Cafe in Tucson is closed, I haven't had great B&G in a long time.)  The biscuits are amazing and I was told they are homemade, but I could tell that.  The sausage gravy was very unique, textured beautifully, and had this cheesy-yolky color and taste that I've never seen before.  A rue expert made this stuff!!The people next to me were bragging about their meal, and all the meals that they've had there before.  The breakfast skillets looked amazing. Huge portions, quality presentation.  Da bomb!I'm going back for the the sandwiches they call "WEDGES" and I'll tell you why I'm going back soon.  The menu says the following.... "These knife and fork sandwiches are served hot on a wedge of flat bread cheese crust - smothered with melted havarti cheese".  I'm sold.  I can't wait to eat this thing.  You gotta be a genius to call this thing a "knife and fork sandwich".  I love it already, but then when you say that its "served hot on a wedge of flat bread cheese crust", I start to get really excited (like foreplay), then when you tell me its "smothered with melted havarti cheese" its like a major you know what.  The bomb went off.  Anyway, I'll report back after I eat the thing.
4	On the basis of other Yelp reviews I decided to check this place out. Very cute interior! It was crowded in the small place when we got there but we were able to snag a place at the bar. The coffee was indeed strong and tasty, although we had to ask them for refills even though someone passed us often. The whole wheat pancakes were delicious, and the bacon was thick and cooked just right. The lunch menu looks great so I'll be back to try that, they're also open for limited dinner now as well.
4	Chicken Piquant Omelet- filled with chicken breast saute in butter, white wine, onions, green chilies and mushrooms finished with a spicy cream sauce and jack cheese. If this doesnt get your attention try the Portugese Sausage in an Omelet or Skillet. Simply Delicious. I am one who loves explosive flavor and unique food items so I was pleasently SURPRISED to find this experience in such a quaint off the beaten path restaurant. The small stature of this Cafe with outdoor seating and a hidden away feel adds to the dining experience. Highly recommended.
5	Love this place.  Only ever eaten breakfast here, but the atmosphere is great -- the owners are very nice and the staff is efficient but caring.  The food is GREAT.  The breakfast items are REALLY fresh and makes me think they get them locally.  I saw a lot of "organic" on the menu, so I know the actual ingredients are very good.Highly recommend this place!!
4	Dropping my review down to 4 stars after a second visit.  My Catfish special was served almost raw; when I pointed this out to the server she was apologetic and took it back to the kitchen, and it came back more appropriately cooked.  I overheard the chef telling the owner 'he wanted it cooked more' - and not, 'it was undercooked'.  Anyway, serving a fish like Catfish almost raw is pretty inexcusable in my book.
4	The food and setting are wonderful.  Sometimes the service can be a bit slow but it's worth the wait.  The Strawberry Salad on the lunch menu is great.  They also have "spiked cottage cheese" which is interesting but yummy!  Definitely give it a try!
4	I've been having lunch at one place or the other that Jene, the owner, has worked at for almost fifteen years now.  Why?  Good comfort food and good service.I stopped in here yesterday for lunch.  The weather was nice so I sat outside on their patio.I had my favorite sandwich, the Cajun chicken club.  A Cajun spiced chicken breast, with cheese and bacon on toasted sourdough bread.  It was good, as usual. I like their spicy potato salad as well.This is a great neighborhood place.  All the servers are so friendly.  I gotta get back sometime and try them for dinner.
5	I am a Breakfast Nuts - it is my favorite meal of the day ... so I always look for a place that has a unique taste and then I usually find my favorite dish and that is what I wake up craving!At The Dragonfly it is Sonoran Hash (I believe tha is what it is called) - wonderful flavors and textures and the potatoes are awesome (and I am very picky about my potatoes!)
4	What a nice little place for breakfast! The boy and I made our first trip over to Dragonfly Cafe for our usual late Sunday morning breakfast (2:30ish by the time we got there) and were pleasantly surprised at how tasty the food was. The place is cute as a button inside and out with a quaint down home cozy atmosphere that you just don't get from a national chain restaurant. Looking over the menu, it was difficult to decide on what to try as so many things looked good. We finally decided on the daybreak breakfast sandwich and the cinnamon raisin french toast, and boy oh boy were they good! The sandwich was so fresh tasting and they must have picked the onions that day, because they were so flavorful and perfect in the sandwich. The potatoes that came on the side also had a nice flavorful garlicy taste to them and the french toast was pretty darn good too! And the best part of all is that they serve breakfast all day every day (except Monday's) so I know for sure that we will be back soon to sample more of this tasty menu at the Dragonfly Cafe!
3	My wife and I arrived for lunch and unfortunately were greeted by a strange burnt smell lingering in the main room.  Luckily they have outside seating so we opted for that.  With the misters outside even the +100 degree heat was pleasant.  The menu looked solid and interesting.  I opted to have a cranberry chicken salad sandwich with a cup of gazpacho soup.  My wife chose the curry chicken salad over greens.  The gazpacho soup was pleasant and especially nice on a hot day.  Both of the chicken salads were a bit underseasoned but otherwise were tasty.  They had that homemade characteristic to them however we both agreed we could do better at home.  I thought the wheat bread on my sandwich was really good -- nice and nutty with a sweet touch.  We ordered the iced tea for our drink which matched our expectations.Overall this place seemed solid but nothing special -- a nice neighborhood cafe.  The service was good but not great.  I do recommend this place and would come again but I didn't feel it was good enough to earn 4 stars.  Too bad I can't give it 3.5 stars.
2	A nice neighborhood place but kind of over-promises and under-delivers in my opinion.We had breakfast.  It was pretty good but the portions are a bit small for the relatively high tariff.  Our breakfasts were ten dollars each.  You get one piece of toast.  I find this a bit curious.  I mean the standard order of toast anywhere else in America is two pieces.  Here you get one piece.  Why would you do that?  Bread is cheap.Breakfast for two with coffee was nearly $30 with tip.Even though we were sitting literally next to the kitchen window our food arrived cold.  Coffee was good and strong.Very friendly staff.  Worth stopping by if you're in the neighborhood but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way.
4	First visit was several years ago.  Went back again last night for dinner using localdines.com discount.    Husband ordered filet, it was perfection on a plate, flavorful and tender.  Low carb request was accomodated leaving off potatoes and substiuting grilled veggies.  I had a hard time keeping my fork away although he did share his portebello mushrooms with me.  I ordered Cajun mixed seafood grill.  It was okay but was more about the sauce and less about the seafood swimming in it.  I will pass on seafood next time and go back to meat. Nice ambiance, a very cozy place with efficient and friendly service.  Will be back and maybe try a burger next time.
4	this was a second visit to dragonfly I had the bluberry/lemon zest pancakes and my wife had huevos w/frejoles a spicy bean and sausage  dish w poached eggs very delicioso service was good but be prepared to be paticient though they were busy they were not packed and it took a good 35 minutes to get our breakfast
2	While the food was tasty (aside from the fact that it was cold by the time it was served to us), the service was EXTREMELY slow and lackluster (they were fairly busy but not enough to warrant the slow service). It took 20 minutes for the waitress to take our order, once our food was ready, it sat on the order counter for a full 10 minutes before she brought it to us. Needless to say, I was not impressed. I suppose they could have been having an off day... but I haven't decided whether I'm going to give them an opportunity to redeem themselves.
5	DRAGONFLY is my new "go to" restaurant.  I am from San Francisco and I know good food and I am delighted that this tickly restaurant in in my neighborhood in Scottsdale Ranch.  The mediterranean touch is fresh and healthy food and I am never disappointed in the lamb entre.  Breakfast is generous and always tasty.  It is fun to sit outside on the patio.  The waitstaff is well trained and attentive.   All in all, it is a great place to have breakfast, lunch and dinner!Kate Olmscheid
5	So good. There are always lots of ladies lunching here. I've had the Chicken Pequant and one of the hot sandwiches. They are both great.
4	We couldn't decide on what to eat last night so we pulled into the AJs parking lot. We saw the sports bar but decided to take a chance on the Dragonfly Cafe. Right away we noticed the ambience the music and the nice relaxing atmosphere. Could've gone without the "Magician" I felt like coming down with a case of Tourette's syndrome!!  the Cosmo was interesting, weird glass! The food was awesome, shrimp boat was quite interesting, the scallops was to die for!! Desert was quite interesting. Apple Crumb pie with Ice cream, Too much to finish. DragonFly Cafe didn't BUG us at all!
4	If you're not in a rush this place is great! I went for breakfast and it was really good. The menu is pretty unique. There are tons of things I still want to try! But it took forever for them to come and take our order. The place wasn't really packed either which was weird. But once the food came it was well worth it. And they were really sweet about taking forever and even gave us some free fruit.
4	Lovely, Calm, Restful brunch.  Excellent food and good service.  We were visiting from NE for the Fiesta Bowl/New Year weekend.  We searched on Yelp! and decided to call at 11:00 for a 12:00 reservation. We we were greeted at the door and promptly seated.  Excellent OJ and Grapefruit juice.  Good coffee.  My daughter had the Veggie-licious skillet but added avocado  and said "this is one of the best breakfast meals I've ever had". My son had the pulled pork and green chile omelette and I had the Sonora potatoes and Chorizo hash (fairly spicy). We all cleaned our plates.  My wife had yogurt and fresh fruit with granola.  The waitress initially forgot to deliver the side order english muffin but she promptly brought it to the table.  We watched the owner greet other guests warmly and at one point he even placed a blanket on the back of chair to help make one of the older guests more comfortable.  We could have ordered from the lunch menu as well.   This little place is located in a quaint shopping plaza in nice neighborhood not crowded and we will definitely return when back to Scottsdale area.   Highly recommend for fresh, home cooked, comfort food with a SW twist.
5	I have never been disappointed with this place. I always order take out for work and they offer me free delicious iced green tea and always converse with you while you wait there awkwardly :) The spiked cottage cheese sparked my curiousity as a side with my meal and being the adventurous foody that I am I gave it a shot. I always order it with my lunch now. Try the funky name that I cant remember for a piece of pita topped with feta, cucumbers, olives, onions, tomatoes and havarti cheese. It is amazing! I eat everything and feel so fat after every time but its worth it.
3	I tend to always prefer privately owned small restaurants. Everything about this place says that I would like this one too. The food choices are unique and flavorful and the staff friendly and accommodating. However we dined on a Saturday night and there was live music. We were a large party and I couldn't hear the person next to me speaking. Nothing else about this visit was negative, just that the music was too loud, and that drew my attention away from what normally would have been a very positive experience.   I will go back, just not when they are having live music. (Unless they drop the decibels a few notches).Both the appetizer Mediterranean Seared Lamb ,and the entree; Cedar River Farms Hanger Steak were excellent, even the  zucchini pancakes which were part of the appetizer tasted great (although they were just a little limp and oily). I must admit, I was suffering from plate envy through most of my meal. I dined in a large party so I got to see and sample many of the dishes. I would recommend the Hard Apple Cider Pot Roast and the Savory Baked Macaroni and Cheese (which is much more than you think! You'll have to go to find out)
5	FANTASTIC little lunch/brunch spot! Went here with the family while visiting Scottsdale and really enjoyed it! We had the Tuna Melt, which was delicious with their spiked cottage cheese! The cranberry chicken salad made into a sandwich was DELICIOUS! The omelets and scrambles looks great - I didn't taste, but then again, there was nothing left on the plate! LOL Smaller place so could be busy during peak hours, may call or try and hit an off time. Service was ok, wasn't anything special but the food was really cute and made for a really cute little lunch spot!
3	I'm always looking for a great brunch place and Dragonfly Cafe seemed promising.  They offer all the brunch staples with an exciting twist on them.   During my last visit, I was left underwhelmed with their sonora potato and sausage hash.  My over hard eggs (I asked for over medium) were laid atop a extremely greasy mix of sausage and potatoes.  Nonetheless, the food is filling and the prices are reasonable.
4	Came here from out of town for the Phoenix Rock and Roll Half Marathon; looking for a nice, mellow, breakfast place where I can sit, eat, and read, with coffee!It's located out in the middle of suburbia, in a cozy little corner of a strip mall. Very accessible at a well-traveled intersection, yet make note that you don't necessarily see this place immediately from the street...The people were nice, though it wasn't immediately intuitive as to whether or not you wait for someone to seat you, or if you just seat yourself. It also looks ike this doubles as a coffee shop (in addition to a restaurant), so perhaps that was the cruxt of the issue - it wasn't clear!Anyways, the host tended to my coffee needs, and I asked him a couple of questions. I couldn't decide between the following two menu items - *Day break Sandwich 7A grilled cheese sandwich topped with 2 eggs and a choice of potatoes or spiked cottage cheese*Corned Beef Hash  8.5House made, topped with havarti cheese and two farm fresh eggs cooked your way.  Surprisingly- this has a little heat The server seemed biased towards the corned beef hash, and since it seemed like one of their specialities, was homemade.They were really great about making sure that my coffee cup was filled to the rim, and it always seemed to be freshly brewed.Well, the food arrived, and though there really isn't any rocket science to corned beef hash, they really distinguished themselves as thinking outside of the box when it came to this dish - esp because of the havarti cheese. It definitely tasted homemade, and it was all good!
4	My aunt and uncle were in town with a couple of their friends, so I decided Dragonfly would be the perfect place to enjoy a leisurely Sunday breakfast. I always walk by the patio area when I'm on my lunch hour and everything always looks so delicious! We walked in and were greeted by a very friendly gentleman who noticed my visitors' Rockies attire; everyone immediately hit it off. We were seated at a table just outside the entrance and he took our beverage orders. Strong, hot coffee all around, and a blackberry green tea for me.  Shortly after, a striking woman came up (I'm assuming she's one of the owners?) to take our breakfast order, also continuing the conversation about the Rockies. She made honest suggestions and helped me decide on the Fresh Start omelette (egg whites, mushrooms, spinach, cherry tomatoes and salsa, served with fresh fruit) and a multigrain pancake.  She frequently checked in with us throughout the meal, carrying on the conversation, which gave the experience a personal touch.  I like this. I wish there were more restaurants with waitstaff that are genuinely interested in their customers! Overall, the food was delicious, fresh and thoughtfully prepared. My omelette needed a little salt and pepper, but I can't complain since it was made with egg whites!  The pancake was incredible.  It had more density than your typical white fluffy pancake, but I really liked this!  It soaked up the syrup perfectly. The food took a while to come out, but when it did everything was as we ordered. No forgotten items or anyone waiting for their meal.  And every dish looked fantastic. I will be back to try the pecan cinnamon roll or the bananas foster with french toast. This will definitely be one of my go-to spots whenever family comes out to visit!
1	Hmmm, after my experience yesterday, I am really puzzled as to why this restaurant has received such great reviews.   My salad (a  Southwestern salad) was lacking key ingredients: lacking avocado, black beans, and cilantro.  The chicken was overdone, and the greens were old and wilted.  And the service was absolutely atrocious: no courtesy, no greeting, no smile, no nothing.
3	I had lunch here the other day. Not bad. This review is probably going to be a bit incomplete.The service was kind of useless though. We had to wait several minutes just to get a freaking menu. No one really came by to check on us.I ordered some sort of pita wrap which was very tasty. It came with a side salad that had no dressing on it whatsoever. I also ordered a side of grilled chicken breast. If you come here, sit on the patio. It's nice. Don't come here if you are on an hour lunch break. You will feel rushed. You need to come here and be at a relaxed pace. Maybe on a weekend. Or a weekday if you are unemployed or wealthy with no life.I need to come back to get a better experience, and maybe order something more memorable.
3	I've only eaten breakfast here and have enjoyed it every time.  DC saunters to a different beat.  There are no biscuits nor is there a drop of gravy awaiting them.The daily specials have provided the most enjoyment.  One special of note was an omelet with veggies, smoked ham and a light feta sauce.  The flavors were excellent.  The staples are hit and miss.  The Pancakes were solid, French toast was pedestrian and the coffee was perfect.  So choose wisely.I can understand how service has received mixed reviews.  We have had excellent service and have had doltish from our primary server.  We however, were lucky the outside patio was empty and the idle servers helped out.  We were served more by committee than by dolt.I don't believe Dragonfly is worth searching out from afar which would be 4 stars but it is easily worth your time and money if you're east of the 101 in Scottsdale.
4	Great breakfast food, great staff - very friendly and helpful!  Instead of having a boring hotel breakfast, drove 20 minutes and made a good call. Blankets are available if it is a tad chilly outside. Whould have given 5 stars if our food came out a little faster, but I think it was a small snafu and not a common thing..I had a yummy Bananas Fosters French Toast, and my wife a Sonara Hash which was great with salsa..
4	My wife and I went there for a Sunday breakfast and we were both really impressed. The service was really good and I loved the patio. The server actually brought my wife a blanket to put over her legs since there was a cold breeze blowing through the patio. All in all a good experience. The only thing that wasn't perfect was that the breakfast sandwiches were a bit greasy... But it is a breakfast sandwich and I suppose that's to be expected. We will definitely be back.
4	In my mind I've been debating this rating for awhile, but have arrived at 4 stars SOLELY because my family really enjoyed their meals this past weekend. So, with that being said, here we go... My Husband and I took my Grandma to Dragonfly for Mother's Day brunch at her request. We had been one other time and all enjoyed our meals, so it seemed like a nice place to spend the morning of Mother's day. We arrived and requested to sit inside this time (per my Grandma) and the gentleman at the front said he would move some tables together for us. Well a couple minutes later a large party came inside and he thought he was setting the table for them and there went our table inside. So, we landed outside, which was fine by me, but annoying for my Grandma, who requested to sit inside because it was somewhat hot out. That being said the service is OK. It isn't anything special or quick, but on that day we were all in a good mood so it didn't matter. My Grandma and Husband RAVED about their choices... the cinnamon roll french toast and the bananas foster french toast. They LOVED them! I had the "Not so Basic Breakfast," which was ok. I loved the sausage patty and the biscuit, but the eggs were very overcooked and tough to cut. The last time we went I had the corned beef hash and remember liking it a lot. I really do like this place for breakfast. I wish they would offer a localdines giftcard to be used for brunch, but the one that is on there is just dinner. I like the quint seating outside and the food is different, which is always a welcomed change at breakfast!
4	Yesterday morning I met up with fellow Yelper Aileen B here for brunch. It was a lovely day so we sat on the patio, as did the majority of the customers.We had a really cool waitress.  A couple of times our coffee ran dry but other than that I enjoyed the service.  The small kitchen is hard pressed to keep up with a busy Saturday morning and we both thought it took a bit too long to get our food.  The staff emphasizes a non rushed atmosphere.and as we had planned on a time that we would not feel rushed for each of us to get to work it was not a major deal.  However, if you want to get in and out quick this may not be the place to go.  Because we moved to another table that was large enough to accommodate our food order we saw our meal go to another table for a few seconds before the server bringing it out found us.We both enjoyed our food.  For taste and allergy reasons we did not share our main entrees but we did share the corned beef hash.  All of our foods arrived at the table hot and just how we had ordered them.  Pricing was in line with where it was and the food served.For those of you with dogs there is a section of patio on the East end that is dog friendly.
4	We had an excellent brunch today at Dragonfly Cafe.  Service was excellent, we had our 2 year old daughter and they brought her out special toys to play with and made sure we had everything we needed for her.  Service like this makes all the difference in the world when eating out with kids.  Kids meal was huge and they only charged $3.50, a great deal for kids. I had the cinnamon pecan multi-grain pancakes and they were great.  Not a light and fluffy pancake if that's what you are looking for, they were hearty and filling, great flavor.  My husband got a chicken, apple, cranberry salad with this amazing poppyseed dressing.  I've never seen anything like this dressing - completely clear in color with except the poppy seeds in it, but tasted like any other poppyseed dressing.  Salad was fresh, crisp, and very filling.  Chicken has amazing flavor.They have all locally grown, organic products and hormone free meat.  Everything seems fresh and was prepared well.  I'd highly recommend this place anytime for a good, quick, easy breakfast or lunch.  It's worth your time to stop in and check it out.  Other pluses: cute patio outside but it was too hot today to sit out there.
2	Drink was watered. Does not know how to make a cosmopolitan. Explained how and came back marginally better. Others received bread, we had to wait and a second waitress asked if we wanted some. For the prices service should be professional, thought they were amateurish. Food ok. Not busy.
4	Had a very nice lunch.  The food was very yummy and the service made me want to return the next day.  The waitstaff was very attentive and chatty. The food was fresh and very well done. The decor reminded me of one of those cute places in Berkeley or Napa.
5	Move over Matt's...New menus, dog friendly patio and wonderful caramel French toast, fresh bacon for the pooch makes this the best all-around early eatery for the Valley!
4	Decided to stop by for breakfast by myself one Sunday morning.  The reviews on Yelp were enticing, so I gave it a shot.  I ordered the Sonora Potato and Sausage Hash (Eggs, Potatoes, Hot Links, Chipotle, Garlic, Onions, Peppers) w/side of Sourdough Toast, $8.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nEyREad5GZd3RiEZA-Irpw?select=TKoW6UY1opAaH4wFxLkFpgI couldn't wait to take a bite of my dish as I love Hot Links and have never seen it in a Breakfast item before....it didn't disappoint, it was very good.  The Hot Link was actually spicy, which is often not the case.  The Potatoes were very tasty as well.  My only complaint was that it was kind of a small portion...I was left wanting more.My server was very friendly and welcoming.  She asked how I found the joint and addressed me by name when I left....very cool.Return Factor - 98%
3	We went to Dragonfly this Sunday morning due to the reviews we read about here on yelp.  Looking for solid, good breakfast fare outside of our regular haunts, this was close to home, and seemed like worth trying.  We walked right in, and were seated immediately, and in a table we wanted.Though our server was admittedly new. she was quick to bring our drink order, and was more than accommodating.  Although the menu was a bit limited for being specifically geared at breakfast/lunch, we were drawn immediately to 3-4 specific dishes.  I was also pleasantly surprised to see that they offered Bloody Mary's as an accompaniment to breakfast.The coffee was fantastic.  Bold, yet smooth, with low acidity and was also the perfect temperature. You never had to worry of a low or empty mug, as the servers were very attentive and kept our coffee full the entire visit.  Our food came very quickly, and although my 'Not So Basic Breakfast' was sans potatoes, it was quickly rectified and without waiting.  We both chose dishes that contained the hot links within the meal.  They were quite tasty with a fair amount of heat within the meat itself.  This was the first place I've been in the area where your toast is a single slice, instead of two, which didn't affect our meal in the least, as we both left our fair amount of food on the plate.The entire experience was enjoyable, albeit basic.  The food was good, if not simplistic, and the ambiance was somewhat neutral if not a bit over the top on capturing that 'neighborhood cafe' feel.  All in all it was filling and easy, but we'll most likely stick with our other standbys.
5	Thank you again Yelp! Would never have found this place otherwise. We loved our Sunday Breakfast here. It is a very cozy little cafe that has a nice European feel to it. I believe they have the best scrambled eggs I have ever had in Arizona. The coffee is hot and tasty AND refilled frequently : )And can't forget to say that the staff are wonderful. Could not ask for better service....and they were all so happy!
5	Been here for lunch twice now. Small little place tucked into a larger center. Menu was different both times that I went here. That said, all the items that I had were delicious! Grilled veggie wrap, lavosh, spiced fruit salad with chicken, and spinach salad were all pretty darn tasty. Prices were reasonable and the service was top notch.N*Joy...
1	Wow, what an absolute shame.  This place has an amazing menu and the food looks delicious, but the service is so bad you may never get to eat.  I never give folks a hard time and try to be as patient as possible, but trying to have breakfast here is painfull.  There is no organization and you don't know wether to seat yourself or talk to the wait staff.  We wandered to a two top and sat down.  When the waitress finally approached us we told her we had never eaten there and asked for a recomendation.  she just stared at us blankley and said she didn't know.  She left us to go get drinks (1 coffee, 1 oj and 1 water that were never refilled or even offered). We ordered and after a wait the wrong order came to the table.  The place is very small with a small patio and there were three wait staff running the front of the house, but they all seemed more concerned with arguing about who was doing what then helping the customers.  In the hour and a half it took to get through breakfast more then 30 people came to the door to try to be seated and were not talked to at all.  when people around us finally were able to pay and leave their tables remained dirty and unseated while a line formed at the door.  This place would be amazing if it had a better staff or a manager to help run the front of the house.  Sorry guys, not coming back.
5	This lovely gem has some of the best biscuits I have seen outside of the deep south.  Buttery, rich, fluffy amazing warm biscuits.  They have this house made raspberry preserves that will make you swoon!I had Huevos Rancheros with scrambled eggs on top.  Three layers of crunch corn shells were smothered in creamy refried beans with fresh pico and sour cream. The whole dish was dreamy and I could not wait to have more.  My dining partner ordered pancakes.  WHOA!  They were amazingly moist inside, like cake, but the outside was perfectly crisp.  They must use a really hot griddle - which is key in pancake making.  The service is great, the decor is adorable.  The restaurant is small with a lovely outdoor dining area - which is heaven in the winter. I recommend trying this lovely place.
5	This place has such a great dinner menu for a cafe! Fresh fish specials every week and everything from steaks to pasta! A great gem of a place!
5	I absolutely love this cute, quaint cafe! The menu is great, it's always changing and you can tell they put a lot of thought in to it each time. The service is great, and the Mac & Cheese is the best I've ever had. They occasionally have live music, which just makes the environment that much better. If your in the area, you won't regret stopping in and checking it out.
5	have had both lunch and dinner several times, and have never been disappointed.  the hard cider pot roast is to die for.......yum!  the service is always great as is the presentation of the food.  am going back next week...can't wait!
5	In short, this quaint restaurant is magnificent and you must give it a try! We were in town for a couple of days and were looking for a place to have brunch. We loved it here so much that we ate there the next day as well!On our first visit, we decided to sit outside. There was a nice mid-day chill that felt great with the free standing heaters they have in the patio. Because we were looking to have breakfast food, my wife and I decided to split the Bananas Foster French Toast (egg batter brioche bread with sliced bananas rum brown sugar caramel sauce and whipped cream) and a Chorizo Omelet (4 eggs stuffed with peppers, onions, chorizo, and more with a side of ranch potatoes and a scratch biscuit). The food was absolutely amazing.  The taste was outstanding and the presentation was perfect.Our second visit was on a busy Sunday morning and the inside was packed. Even though it was cold out, we really wanted to sit outside under those nice heaters again. Our waitress arrived immediately and even brought me and my wife a couple of blankets to throw over our shoulders. I have to admit that my first thought was "how odd," but once we had them over our shoulders, my next thought was "how cozy!" :)Since we were there for breakfast food once more, we ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast again -- my wife would have it no other way!  We also ordered the Chicken Piquant Omelet (4 eggs stuffed with chicken breast sauteed in butter and white wine, with onions, green chilies, mushrooms and cream cheese, topped with mozzarella cheese). Again, the food was terrific. The chicken was tender, the sauce in the omelet was really something, the potatoes were great and the French toast was possibly even more excellent the second time. I should also mention that my wife really enjoyed their coffee blend.The quality and quantity of food for the price was completely unexpected. Eating here is not only amazing for your taste buds, but it won't dent your wallet either! This isn't fast food dining and their kitchen is very big, so you will need to wait a bit for your food. However, we felt the wait time was just right, even on the busy morning.Our first waitress, Conny, was wonderful and went above and beyond. We couldn't have expected anyone more pleasant. Our second waitress, Maria, was also great. She was the one who brought us the blankets on the colder morning. And since I am mentioning names, the young man named Ario was very helpful as well.Overall, we were very pleased with this establishment. We will be recommending it to others and hope to visit again in the future!
5	I went back for lunch the other day, great food! I had the tuna melt and side salad. I love tuna melts, and I was a little hesitant about leaving the bacon on it as it comes, I'm more of a bacon with my eggs kinda girl.  But I decided maybe the chef knows best, and I'm glad I did! It was so tasty, and the foccacia bread was incredible. The salad had a good mixture with a nice light dressing, and the service was great. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area. By the way, I also heard other diners raving about the quiche, so I might try that upon my return.
4	This restaurant is a neighborhood gem!  excellent food, affordable wines and charm.  It has the best food for several miles around!
2	We found this little cafe by chance and actually had to come back to that side of town in order to check it out.  Service was quick and efficient and friendly until we told the young lady that the potatoe pancakes were not to our liking.  She offered mashed potatoes, telling the cook that she "had some unhappy campers and they need something else".  I had the marlin special which was great but the risotto was just nasty...mushy and not the taste I had expected.  My partner had the pot roast, which was very tender and good but we found that things were very salty.  We started with the trio plate that had hummus which was quite spicy and a great salsa and tomato-based tabbuoli.  We have to share that the worst part of our dining experience was watching and listening to the constant bing of the microwave oven, which is right there for all to see in the little serving window.  Really???  Why are you nuking things before serving?  We watched a pasta dish get zapped for several minutes, taken out, stirred, and slapped back in for another minute or so.
5	This place is great. Went in for breakfast and we enjoyed an omelet and southwest biscuits and gravy. Both were awesome. Service was fast and very friendly. Not quite a "hole in the wall" but it is small and very mom & pop, which I happen to prefer. It was clean and we sat on a the patio. Excited to find it and go back to try some other items.
5	I took my cousins from Canada here for dinner, and it was a risk as I had never eaten here myself.  But the reviews on yelp are spot and on and this place really deserves it's star rating.  The service and the food were both fantastic.  They had a good wine selection.  And there were real plants for center pieces!  Also, my cousins had a two year old with them and the place was very accommodating to her needs.  I would come back here in an instant.
4	Dragonfly is a great example of how Yelp can help hyou find the perfect place to dine. I don't live in Scottsdale but was looking for a great breakfast place. The Bananas Foster French toast was amazing.  For the man in your life, anything that comes with Chorizo gravy is just perfect.  Bloody Mary's and Mimosas and I will definitly be back. Small restaurant so plan ahead as there could be a wait.  Nice patio too!
4	Only complaint is they allow dogs.  I prefer to eat without the  presence of someone's dog barking or sniffing around. Now back to our regular program...This is a great little spot.  Cool decor, nice wait staff and really good food.  You HAVE to get the Zeppoles (little fried cakes).  They are so good.  I've tried a few dishes and have always been satisfied.  The portions are generous, flavorful and presented nicely.
5	So Good!The restaurant does not look like much when you first walk in but the food definitely makes up for it! We had the hard apple cider pot roast and the seared scallop picatta.  Both got rave reviews although we could have skipped dinner altogether and filled up on the bread and oil served before the meal.The waitstaff was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. The atmosphere was warm and inviting and unlike grumpy Mike S below, I love the fact that they allow pets on 1/2 pf the patio.
3	We went to Dragonfly Cafe last weekend for breakfast at around 9a. We were nervous walking in as we were the only people in the entire restaurant, but slowly more hungry patrons arrived. I ordered eggs benedict & Ryan ordered the biscuits and gravy. The eggs benedict was okay - it had a funky taste I can't put my finger on. Ryan's plate was good & had a kick to it. Service was nice & the prices were comparable to most breakfast spots.
3	UPDATE - now closed.Hmmm...I really want to love this place but I just don't.This is my 2nd attempt at eating here. The first one I just got ignored or forgotten and eventually just stood up and walked away without ever getting to order.This one I actually got served but I was still attended to after another group who walked in about 5 min after me.I just don't love the service.You check in and seat yourself but there's usually only 1 or 2 gals working the inside and outside so its easy for tables to get overlooked or out of order. (Plus no hostess to keep the order) I ordered the egg white frittata with roasted vegetables imagining broccoli and spinach and other such veggies but it was eggplant, strong portabello mushrooms and various squashes.If those are your favorites then you might love this, but I cannot stand those musky veggies so early in the morning so I ended up scraping most of them off and just eating the eggs.I ordered a side of cottage cheese, which is special. It tastes a little bit like Indian raita (that yogurty relish with cucumbers and such) and has tiny bits of cucumber and green pepper to give a fresh crisp to it. I really loved this.The scratch biscuits have a wonderful texture but are just way too salty. Reminiscent of the cheddar biscuits at Red Lobster.The butter and jam that I requested were amazing. I could have just eaten that jam on anything and been happy.I just heard from the waitress that today is their last day. Hmmm... it's too bad. I think if they could get the service end together that this place could be even greater.Good luck Dragonfly!
5	They Closed : (
5	Leaving AZ and wanted to come here for our last meal. Unfortunately, it seems they have closed down. Too bad. Good-bye to a wonderful place with wonderful food.
4	Dragonfly is a great neighborhood restaurant in Scottsdale Ranch. The food is unique and the atmosphere is fun and slightly funky.  There is a nice selection of outdoor seating and on the night we were there, a live musician was entertaining the diners.The food is exceptional, uses many local ingredients, is atypical and yet still satisfying.  As I am about to move out of the neighborhood, I am sad to no longer be in walking-distance of this great spot.
