3	Probably better known as a nightlife hot spot, Cosmo's is actually a pretty good place to go have lunch in uptown. The menu is very eclectic, ranging from sushi to Italian to Greek and American. The variety is good if you have lunch guests that are somewhat picky.The lunch atmosphere is business casual, and business is steady but not busy. I've never had to wait for a table during lunch, and the service has always been good.
1	Dropped into Cosmos last night for dinner before the Michael Buble concert.  It was a nightmare.  First and foremost, they were serving a limited, special event menu.  Not a huge deal except the concept of a limited menu is to reduce the variety of entrees being prepped so you can get meals out of the kitchen faster when the place is packed.  Four diners at my table and all three entrees and my salad (more on that shortly) arrived at different times with the last one arriving 10 minutes after the first.  And brought to the table without apology.  So why did I order a salad?  Becuase I wanted an entree with chicken as the protein and there was not a single chicken entree on the limited menu (I am not counting the chicken and shrimp jambalaya).  I also didn't appreciate that they served olives with the pits in a salad...a recipe for cracked or chipped dental work.  Lastly, our waiter forgot our drinks and bread after several requests  and then messed up our bills (yes, we split checks...shame on us).  If you are going to go through the trouble of doing a special event menu to accomodate a crowd then round out the preparations by staffing appropriately (in the kitchen and the dining room).
3	No idea how this place is for food. Just went here to drink and party. It's quite a scene. Various nights have different types of music. Was there on a Wednesday when they played 80s music (LMAO) and then again on Thursday when they had salsa. They smoke here too but it's not as awful as some places with no air circulation. My favorite part about this place...no cover charge. God bless the South. Drinks were reasonable, and the people watching was entertaining. Worth popping your head into for a minute.
3	Cosmos Cafe is yet another venue that is really a restaurant, but doubles as a nightlife hot spot on the weekends.  North Carolina's laws on serving alcohol make it nearly impossible to just open a "club", so you see a lot of these in Charlotte, especially downtown.  The staff is super friendly and doesn't hassle you for walking in and realizing "Saturday night" hasn't started yet because the dining patrons still haven't cleared out.  So don't be afraid to check it at 11pm and then come back again at midnight or 1 if it's still slow.  I've never been here to eat but it's a great place to stop in for a late night weekend drink to see what's going on.  People dress nice and behave well.  So you can actually get an expensive drink and not worry about someone elbowing it across the room.  There's plenty of seating on both the first and second floors and they have a respectable, if predictable, Scotch selection that helps me keep them in mind when I'm downtown, so I'm sure the rest of the liquor options are pretty good.  Coming from  Illinois where you can buy booze at grocery stores, it's depressing to walk into a bar in Charlotte and only have one or two choices.  Cosmos expands the horizons and I appreciate that.
4	Went to Cosmos Cafe for dinner last night. Out of the reviews that are on here it looks like most were geared toward the night life, which we didn't stick around for. We came solely to try the food. Everything on the menu sounded so good, and they had a decent range of dishes for you to choose from, with the countries that the dish is from written on the side of each choice. I think it would be hard to come here and have a hard time finding something that sounds good to you, even for the pickiest of eaters. Our waitress was very friendly and had our drinks out pretty quickly, and she was great at helping us choose which dishes to go with. For appetizer we had the crab con queso - you MUST get this!! I can't even tell you how good it was, you just need to go experience it yourself. It was a crab dip blended together with cheeses, (hence, the name), and it was amazing. They serve it with nachos, and the waitress made a joke about how she literally needed to pry it from our hands because our entrees were about ready to come out and she wanted to clear our table. We also got the Dim Sum as an app, which were basically shrimp dumplings, and they came with a thai peanut dipping sauce that was very tasty. Then our entrees came out - Oh my Wild Mushroom Ravioli! I have to admit that when it first came out I was doubtful, because it didn't look like much, but it was a deep dish and the raviolis were a decent size. The mushroom brown sauce that the ravs were buried in was out of control. SO good. My fiancee ordered the Tuna Filet Mignon, rare, and it was excellent (of course I saved room for a sample). The only thing that wasn't so good was the "mashed potatoes" surrounded the filet, and I put it in quotations because they were definitely questionable. They tasted totally artificial, and if you hadn't told me they were mashed potatoes I would be stuck wondering what it was. Looked like someone stuck microwaveable cauliflower mystery mix and stuffed it through a pastry gun to make it look pretty. I'd order the dish but skip the "mash". Our bill came and we were pretty stunned that we had drinks, 2 apps, and two entrees, and it was only around $60. Definitely not bad! We will be back for sure, for dinner and to stick around for the night scene. We also liked how it had a casual vibe, yet everyone was dressed really nice. Just as a side-note about uptown: I am finding that about a lot of the places we visit; everyone looks really good, the girls dress so cute, but it's not uptight.
4	This place is a cool place in Charlotte.  They have Salsa dancing on Thursdays that can get pretty busy.I usually come here midweek, but hear that  weekends are fun too.  The bald headed bartender was very friendly and knowledgable.  The IPA I had was really good (but just a tad warm).  I am staying at the Holiday Inn across the street so this is a good low-key find right next to my hotel.   Was described as a Bank Of America bar and not a Wachovia Bar, I guess the two of them compete in this town?!?!.........Kidding.  Have fun.
2	A lot of people (girls) I know love this place, but to me it seems like much of the same in Uptown Charlotte: it's crowded, loud, and a little over-the-top. Again, though, as I've always said: this isn't always a bad thing. On Thursdays through Sundays, this place is pretty packed with twenty-somethings and maybe braver older adults looking to booze and get after it, probably before hitting a louder/dancier place nearby. There are plenty of food options (try their mini pizzas and other appetizers), so you can come here and grab a snick whilst you drink or before you head out to drink more. I've been told that their martinis (their selection and creativity is extensive) are awesome, so if you're into that you may wanna try them. And they usually have some great deals on those, so be sure to check that out.
4	From the first moment I entered Cosmos Cafe, I loved the modern feel of it.  It feels trendy, but isn't pretentious like some Uptown restaurants.  It's a great place to casually go before or after an Uptown show or event, especially if you can get there between 5:00 and 7:00 p.m. during the week because their tapas/appetizers are half-price!  Woo hoo!   And if we're lucky enough to go on a Wednesday evening, we can combine the half-price apps with half-price martinis.  You can really fill up on some gourmet food and classy, flavorful martinis...for cheap!   It does tend to get pretty crowded, though, on Wednesdays, so allow yourself enough time to be seated and get served all within that timeframe.  Their regular menu is excellent, too.  They have gourmet American items, as well as a full sushi menu.  Their sushi is excellent and that's usually what I get if we're not there during happy hour.  The sushi can't beat places like Ru-San's or Nikko, but it's still pretty darn good...and very reasonably priced!  My only disappointment with Cosmos Cafe would be that we went there once for my birthday (because that's where I wanted to go).  One of my friends made a reservation in advance and we were seated in a room by ourselves off to the side (their party room, I'm assuming).  Being in there  lost the atmosphere of Cosmos, but that wasn't all that went wrong.  We were handed limited menus.  There was some kind of event or show going on that night in Uptown (when isn't there anymore?) and Cosmos was providing a limited menu with only a few simple items (not even their gourmet options) so they could get people in and out quicker.  It was neither the Cosmos experience I was used to nor the birthday experience I wanted.
4	Disclaimer: I'm visiting Charlotte for business from San FranciscoWe decided to walk a couple block radius from our hotel to find dinner. The signage was appealing so we went in.Good food and fairly good service. But salsa lessons started and we pretty much were bumped from our seats before completely done with dinner. Not a problem really, but why let us sit there if the space is going to be needed at some point. We weren't taking that long.I'd seek the place out again on the next trip to town.
4	Cosmos is a great place for cheap drinks ($7-8 for a martini and $4 margaritas is a great deal) and good Latin music on Thursdays. Place gets pretty packed and the crowd is very diverse (mid 20s-early 40s). I would recommend heading going to the upstairs bar for much faster service.
3	The food was good but not exceptional.  Sushi was not on the main menu but after I got my food found it was on a separate flier no one gave me.  Beer selection weak.  Might be cooler on a busier night, but I found it passable.
5	I've always loved this bar and have gone since it opened.  Love Paul, the best bartender in the world. Once he waits on you, you pretty much never have to tell him your order again. Great apps!  But I must admit I haven't gone lately due to having to pay to park after 5pm.  Think its ridiculous.  Great people watching !
4	Cosmos is one if my go to places for some affordable eats before an event or a show uptown. My girlfriends and I thoroughly enjoy the half-price martinis on Wednesdays - my personal fave is the pineapple upside-down martini. Mmmm tastes like cake! Who doesn't like cake in a glass? I've eaten a variety of dishes on the menu and each dish I've had was both tasty and affordable enough to come back. Some of my favorites are the Fried Goat Cheese Salad, the Shepherd Pizza and Pasta Primavera. For those adult beverage seekers, the bar can get crowded during happy hour and special event evenings. I'm a fan of Cosmo's bar crowd, as compared to its neighbors, this bar attracts a well behaved crowd of upper 20s-late 30s. Not that I have an issue with a younger crowd, but I'm just jiving with the cages, swings and go-go dancers next door. Make sure to note that Cosmo's sports a limited menu on big event nights and offers half price apps from 5-7 pm. This is definitely a spot to make reservations during event nights!
4	Been here several times. This place has it all...apps, tapas, salad, pizza, sandwiches, sushi and dinner entrees. Great for drink specials, especially martinis. Had the chicken pretzel sandwich which was good. Could have done without the tangy relish, but overall is was a good chicken sandwich. If you need a place for a private party, this place can host any size.
4	I stumbled into this place on a Monday night while I was attending a conference alone.  I had been wandering around looking for something with good food but not too pretentious.  I scanned the menu and went into Cosmos.  Since it was Monday it was not crowded and the wait staff was very attentive.  I ordered the Greek Salad to start and it was amazing.  The tomatoes were huge and plentiful (a requirement for me), the dressing was brilliant and the presentation was very nice.  I know this is a pizza place but I am on a no bread diet so I ordered the Chicken Paillard.  again, this was out of this world.  The chicken was cooked perfectly, the potatoes were excellent, the sauce was mouth watering and the side of spinach was so well done.  I made a point of complimenting the chef to the waitress.  No dessert for me but I promised to give a great review of the place and then forgot to do it until now.I would go back if I am ever in Charlotte again.
2	My husband and I headed over early on a Tuesday night.  To our surprise it is buy one get one tapas until 7 so upon realizing our luck we opted for 4 items to test the place out.  We were glad we did.1)  Chicken satay: chicken was tender and the seasonings were minimal but the peanut sauce looked like it was scooped out of a jar, was thicker than peanut butter with a sticky texture.2) Lucky 7 Roll: The menu says that it is homemade, but if it is I think it has since been reheated.  It had an interesting mix of flavors but the outside tasted more like a thin corn taco.3) Crostini (Filet Mingon): 3 small, flavor and lifeless filets over jam on a white bread crostini.4) Souvlaki (beef skish-kabobs): Again, light on flavor, over cooked.I don't recommend this place, at least for tapas and I won't go back for a full dinner but the atmosphere was laid back, the service was very good and if you work in the area it seems like a good spot to stop in for a drink.  That said, living in 4th ward there are so many other choices on my walk between here and there, I probably won't make it intentional to go back.
4	I work in ITC. Some great places in the area. I'd consider Cosmo's as worth it, if you have about an hour to spare. My favorite thing on the menu- Flank Steak Salad. Imagine a plate of deliciousness that includes: lettuce, cherry tomato's, mushrooms, onions, flank steak, and french fries!!! I think I just saw Jesus as I wrote that.It's a very trendy plcae inside. They have a little Sushi-bar area with a Sushi-dude that works his Sushi-hands a mile a minute making all your Sushi-dreams come true. It's never terribly packed inside whenever I go, but it has all the makings to becoming a food-warrior on the mean streets of Queen City. If you do have time, duck in, order the flank steak salad, and holla at the hotties that they have waiting tables. What's good?
4	About 10 of my friends and I decided to head to uptown last night, and this was our first stop for a quick bite to eat and a few drinks to start the evening.  Most places are pretty terrible about accommodating 10 people, but not here, they put a few tables together for us in just a few minutes.  The server was really fast and attentive - the drinks were great, 3 dollar well drinks on a Friday night - can't really beat that in uptown!  We all got a variety of food, ranging from fries and calamari, to sushi and salads - everyone seemed pretty pleased with it, my sushi wasn't out of this world, but was great drinking food I'd have to say.  I really like the look and feel of the bar, feels a lot more upscale than what the prices actually are - it was surprisingly not very busy for a Friday night either.  I'd definitely recommend Cosmo's if you are going out on the town and want some food, drinks, or have a large group of people that want to go out and have some good times!
1	Ate at cosmos on a Thursday bogo on tapas ordered chicken quesadilla n needed more sour cream n was charged 50 cent! Ridiculous I will never patronize again. Also the food is just ok not the greatest they should b glad u stop in with all the other choices.
4	Cosmos was recommended to me by a co-worker, so when it was my turn to visit Charlotte for a week I made my way there.  I'm happy I did!The place is modern yet unpretentious and the wait staff is friendly.  On Friday nights all wine glasses are $4 - what a deal - so I had two Reislings.  I started with a bowl of the tomato and red pepper bisque which was really delicious but very small for a "bowl."  I would have considered it a cup.  For my main course I ordered the Curried Mussels - really, really good!  I was impressed with the amount - there were a lot of empty shells by the time I was done!  The only issue I had with the entree is that after a couple minutes I realized I didn't get the side of rice that was supposed to come with the dish, but when I alerted the waitress of it she was very apologetic and came back right away with it.  It was great to soak up the extra sauce with :-pI heard there was salsa dancing on certain nights but I'm not sure when (not dinner time on a Friday night obviously).  Good food, good service.  I'd go back!
3	Ah, Cosmos.  The corner almost at the end of Uptown.  Or Downtown.  I might just call it "Town", but that might be mistaken for that other restaurant that also calls itself Pie Town (sometimes).Whatever the case, Cosmos is definitely an interesting beast.  Depending when you go, the place is almost empty.  When we went - a Tuesday, I think - the place was a ghost town.The food at Cosmos sounds a lot more interesting on the menu than it is on the plate.  Partially because the portions just don't live up to the pricetag and partially because they just aren't that great.  The menu is eclectic, with a selection of appetizers, burgers, pizza, sushi - generally light bites, all of which falls into the same category of interesting and not quite what you would expect.Service at Cosmos is decent but not outstanding.  If you happen to be on looking for something at that corner, check it out.  Otherwise, I just don't know if it's worth the trip.
2	Don't waste your time. I came here mid afternoon to be greeted by an entirely empty restaurant. That should have been my first sign, however, I was in a rush and also in the mood for sushi, so I settled. After having wandered over their meager beer menu three or four times I settled for something cheap...they don't carry local brews. Upon receiving my drink I ordered appetizers, two for one the waitress told me, and two sushi rolls on top of that. By the time my first appetizer was delivered, the waitress told me that their sushi chef hadn't come to work that day so the sushi I'd ordered a good quarter of an hour ago wasn't happening.I settled with the two appetizers and when asked for the check, which I also waited ages for, the waitress had forgot to mark my appetizers two for one. So I waited again. I'd already informed the waitress that I was in a bit of a rush (had to catch a flight), and would have appreciated her concern.Anyways, thats enough. I will say, that though the bar and menu were limited during my visit the food that I did order was fairly good, hence the two stars.
4	Cosmos is a comfortable trendy stop spot.  Most of the crowd is bar crew that is stopping in quickly and heading somewhere else but that if fine.. That is what this place caters to.  Food:  Crostini:  4/5  It is like a little beef bruschetta delight.. Excellent choice.Crab/Spinach Dip:  4/5  Delicious chunky crab dip that is delicious.  Drinks:Chocolate Raspberry Truffle:  5/5  The most "healthy" drink on the menu.  This drink is more beautiful than delicious (if that is possible).Dirty Martini:  3/5  Just like it sounds.. Heavy olive juice plus olive juice. --Wed are 1/2 off all martinis and buy one get one app.  Atmosphere:  Jumpin with after work and pregame people.  Always a lively crowd that is fun to be with..  Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	Yeeeeaah, I know it's, y'know, power lunch by day and disco by night, but wow was the dinner I had here underwhelming. Like, boring, oily, scant salad, meh fries, expensive, bland beer selection. Our waitress was gone - either invisible, dropping things loudly and whisking off like she hadn't just startled the beejeezus out of us, or just that warm mix of fed up/bored/seriously, you want something? kind of service that screams for a 5% tip.Somehow still managed to spend 20 bucks a head. And that'll be the last time I visit Cosmos.
4	Go sit at the Bar.  The drinks are great and the SUSHI is very good.  The women in there are smokin hot.
4	Never been here for food but I hear people rave about their lunches here and specifically the artichoke dip and chips.  All my experiences have been for after work drinks or night time social settings.  That being said, I like this place for a couple reasons.  First, it's never overly crowded much like you might find with some of the Epicenter bars.  Secondly, I've never been charged a cover to get in, again, much like the Epicenter places.  They have a nice bar upstairs for the times when the first floor gets to be crowded you can head up the stairs to another landing where there is a nice sized bar and plenty of room for socializing.The second floor is a great spot to reserve for a birthday party, etc.
3	I have only drank here but it is a great vibe!  I love the dance lessons - heck I dont even need a few drinks to invite the opportunity to make a fool of myself.  They had salsa lessons on a recent Saturday night that I was there.  The upstairs bartenders was fast and efficient.  There are couches were you can sit and chat with your friends.  Love the cool staircase and whole feel of the place!  :-D
2	Recently had lunch at Cosmos Cafe in uptown. I ordered the Steak Frites and wasn't asked how I'd like the steak cooked. It came prepared okay, but the meat was exceptionally gristly.Food and service alone would be a perfectly average 3-stars. However, we were seated next to some piece of wall art at a two-top. A large flying type of bug (flying ant, maybe?) made it's way onto our table twice, from underneath the wall art. I flicked it to the floor, and about two minutes later, another one emerged from behind the art, hovering next to our table. I could imagine the first one was a wayward insect that had flown in the restaurant, but when I saw a second one I began to suspect that there might be an infestation in the restaurant. I won't be dining at this Cosmos location again.
4	Met some friends for dinner/happy hour. Bogo tapas before 7pm was a draw. Ordered the Crostini and Crab con Queso...both were excellent. The burgers were great as well. This place has a cool, open atmosphere, however we were among the only ones in the restaurant at ~6pm on a Tuesday. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. Great place to meet up with friends...not too loud, not to crowded.
3	This place has everything!  Popped in for lunch with a friend and a drink or few.  We sat at the bar in the center of the place and spoke with the very friendly bartender for suggestions.  She suggested a sushi lunch plate which we ended up sharing and the drink special.  Since the sushi chief worked right behind where we were stationed we got to watch the whole plate get created.  After a few rounds of the daily drink special we walked out tipsy and full for around $10 each, now that's a great lunch date in my book!
1	I went here with a social group for drinks/meal on a Thursday evening. We had the upstairs reserved just for us. The atmosphere was comfortable. The downstairs [outside of our group] was dead. The physical layout of this place is impressive. On the outside, it looks like a corner business. But its really a full restaurant with an upstairs area. Anyways back to the actual experience. They served food upstairs for our group, which was cool, but you had to put your credit card down as a tab. [Not an issue]. The bar selection is ok. The food was ok. The issue I have with this place is that when you go to pay out, they give you a post swiped transaction. This is the receipt that shows the total, card transaction details, tip, and total. They did not give a receipt detailing the full itemized service. After requesting the receipt and giving a quick look at it I paid, and put down a tip. After looking at the receipt later, it turns out that there was a gratuity charge already added to the receipt. I find this to be very deceptive and FRAUDULENT. Adding grautity to a bill doesn't bother me. It bothers me when 1. it was never stated that would be there, 2. when you don't have sitdown service with a waiter [the social group I was with was more of freeflowing in the bar area] To add insult to injury, they try to play the club vibe outside. They put up velvet ropes, and use a door man. There was no line, and secondly, giving an impression of an "exclusive club" is a joke when there is only a handful of people at the bar downstairs. Vibe: DeadFood: DecentDrinks: Typical selectionDrink price: $5 for a beer. [Mid range for downtown]Would I go here again? No. Absolutely not.I've been to the ballantyne location twice, and I can't say that's a bad place.
3	Oh Cosmos you were so empty on a Friday night but you still managed to be a ton of fun as a first stop! Your margaritas tasted nice, your gin and tonic was very strong but not $8 strong. I liked the vodka martini selection, very nice though some of the flavors didn't work out that well.Our bartender was super cool and nice. So are the patrons, it was pretty empty so we had a little dance party of our own. Then two girls jump in and were like we saw you dancing, and a fun time was had by all as we backed that thang up!After a bit we were ready to head on to the next destination with a nice buzz and a fun time. Good job Cosmos!
2	I have been to Cosmos' twice in my 18 years in North Carolina.  I must say the first time was a better experience.  I went during the CIAA the gratuity was 20%.  A grilled chicken sandwich cost me $11.00 (overpriced), the taste was substandard and no seasoning.  I guess you can say we recieved third quality food at high end prices. It was terrible.  The the service was okay and I was atmosphere was not that great.  I do not see myself returning.
3	Friendly staff, and the hostess was quick seating me on a busy weekday evening.  Decent, not expansive, beer selection.  Gyro was light on meat and heavy on sauce (with pickles?  maybe it's a NC thing?).  Overall the food was decent, but not outstanding.  With a lot of overpriced steakhouses in the area Cosmo's is good value.  Friendly employees and atmosphere.  If the food was a little better I'd bump it to 4 stars.
3	It's a bar with fun latin nights.Haven't had the food but if you know how to salsa, or don't but like the vibe, Cosmos is probably one of the more fun places to go dancing.
4	Cosmos never gets too crowded for lunch, which is surprising given its location. Food  is typical American. Overall, makes a good location to grab lunch and be able to hold a conversation.
2	Not impressed.  Went for lunch with a group.  No one really bragged about their meal, especially me.  I told the waiter what I was debating between and he suggested the brisket saying it is good and "very filling".  I ordered the brisket.  It came out about 5 minutes after the rest of my table was served and the piece I was served was well over half pure fat.  Due to the fact that half was inedible to me I was hungry again within 3 hours.  If I am ever in Charlotte again I will find another place to eat.
2	Definitely a fun place to go...but dress code is way too strict during night club time.  Apparently you have to have a collar shirt to get it...I've worn regular shirts (nice ones of course) many times and had no problem getting in.  Oh well, it's a private club so I can't argue it, but I'm still only giving them 2 stars.
2	I went to Cosmos once for lunch, and the Cajun chicken panini wasn't bad. I went back again for half off appetizers, and was horribly disappointed. We got the crab dip, which has no discernible pieces of crab meat and tasted as if the whole dip (including meat) had been pureed. We also got the stuffed mushrooms, which arrived shriveled and left too much to be desired.
3	Drink prices are high but the dancing is fun!
4	I went there for my last ladies night out before I went back to work. It was an experience.  We had about 6 in our party and everyone was attened to. However, it was happy hour and I felt that maybe the waitress was going a little slow to make sure we didn't get the Happy Hour prices. I mean people who come in before 7 are coming for the 2 for 1 apps. All the food was delicious though a little pricey for me for bar food, but comparable to other Uptown areas. I would definitely go again but during happy hour.
3	We wanted to try Cosmo's because it offers so many different kinds of food. In truth, the menu isn't that diverse and the sushi bar was closed when we were there. Bummer. What we did order--hubby got a gyro and I had a chicken gyro--was delicious. The onion rings were great so add them on if you go.
4	Great place to salsa dance on a Saturday night!!  A brief lesson is given by some great professionals-check it out!!
2	I stopped in here for lunch. The food was just average and service was awful. They were very understaffed - it took about 10 minutes for the server to take my order, and then about another 40 minutes to get my food. I was in a bit of a rush, so ended up speed eating. I had a Greek salad, and it was just ok. Ingredients were fresh, but the chicken was pretty dry. No bueno.
2	Staff was very friendly. But food and drinks were disappointing. This place markets itself as "Martini specialists" but I had to ask for my martini to be remade a second time as it came without olives. Also - olives were standard jarred fair. A much better martini can be had at "Urban Sip" above the Ritz - they have Spanish giant olives hand-stuffed with blue cheese.
5	I've never been for the food but on a friday/saturday night love going for a great margarita and for a good price. I've tried margarita's all over charlotte, not to sound like a slush, but this one is the best by far.
4	Went here for my sister-in-law's birthday party and had a great time.  The staff was super friendly and had everything set up in fairly short order.  No complaints really.
