5	What is there to say?Yes, there are better tasting sub sandwich shops in Tempe - but they don't offer late-night deliveries to us (drunken) college folk until 4 a.m.During the past two years I've never had a bad JJ's experience. If you're in the delivery zone, wait time is 30 minutes tops.  And they will deliver one sandwich without any extra fees. This particular shop is located just south of Ball So Hard University, next to Vista del Sol. In-store orders are quick and painless.I recommend the Vito with hot peppers or Italian Night Club. Tonight I salute you, Mr. Jimmy John. Bon appetite.
4	Like their freaky fast subs... BUTSO.MANY.DRUNK.KIDS.And by kids I mean fellow ASU students whose parents just let them off their leash to run wild around ASU. This is the local drunk food hotspot on any Vuesday (Tuesday), Thirsty Thursday, Friday, Sat or Sun. Doesn't matter if it's 10am or 12am, you'll spot at least one girl stumbling through their doors.
5	Delicious. And Dr Pepper.
4	Not really a big sub person but thankful it's open so late at night after the dining hall closes. Fresh vegetables and decent sandwiches.
2	Check your order before you leave, got all the way home only to open the wrong order and I am a vegetarian so that was super disappointing.  Not my first choice of Jimmy Johns locations to go running back to.
2	HAIR IN FOOD! So I went in and ordered a number 14. Service was good, friendly staff. Took my sandwich home, took 1 bite and got a long, dark woman's hair in it. I call them and tell them, they say they will make me a new one and deliver it to me. I thought that was great. Took them 40 min to bring it! That is just plain ridiculous, when I order delivery it never takes that long! VERY disappointed with this location and will not return anytime soon! The management should be embarrassed by how this went down.
1	Let me just start by saying that I work at another jimmy johns location so I fully understand how things work here!A few weeks ago my boyfriend got hair in his sandwich. Gross.Today we tried it again and I ordered my sandwich with avocado. No avocado was on the sandwich. We called the store for a refund and the guy was a dick. Joked about giving us our money back. Will not return
5	I'll admit.  I was looking through the menu the very first time I stepped into a Jimmy John's (they don't have these in California or the east coast), and thought this place was crap.So I decided to go here one drunk night of partying and ordered the Gargantuan.  Wow!  I hadn't had subs this good in a long time.  They make it very quick and it beats the hell out of those underachievers at Subway.  I feel sorry for those cheap fools who decide to go to Subway despite knowing they have a much better place nearby that doesn't even need to toast their subs to be deliciously good.
5	I have always ordered sandwiches online from jimmy johns because it's super quick and easy and they always remember every item, straw, napkins ect. Recently I had issues with the website changing my address before checkout, which really isn't a huge deal because you can just call and order to the correct address, or they would figure it out and reroute me automatically (I think I order there too much), so I was really impressed when the manager, John, took it upon himself to contact IT and have this fixed. He not only took care of a meal for me, he had the issue resolved within a week and was a pleasure to deal with. As a person with plenty of experience in the industry, these types of issues usually get pushed aside for more immediate and problematic issues so I was really impressed with his promptness and attention. Thank you John!
