5	Never had a problem at this location. Food has always been fresh and hot. So whether or not it was just made, it at least seems like it.
2	The food there is average. Sometimes the chili has ZERO beans in it.The biggest problem is EVERY SINGLE time I've gone through the drive through, when we get home the order is wrong.I won't go to that location any more.
1	I have given them chance after chance, the only reason I return is because my wife and kids don't seem to mind the cold food that they serve here.   At Breakfast time I have attempted to order the sausage burritos. In return I get an item that is nearly room temperature. The cheese has not even melted by the time I get it.  I experienced this at least  on the last 3 occasions.  At lunch I ordered a simple #1 meal.  I received a cold burger. I took it back to the register, where they did apologize. But in return I got another burger at the same room  temperature. What gives? I would have been happy if they would have just nuked the first one for a few seconds. Burned yet again.The staff don't look like they want to provide any customer service, let alone exceptional customer service. I will be avoiding this location from now on.
5	Great hot food! We had a jr bacon cheeseburger, fries, chicken nuggets, and a chocolate frosty.
2	This place use to be decently clean, but now they have gone down hill. When I walked in there was a few tables that had trash on it still. This store really needs to remodel to the new Wendy's here in the valley. Plus the costumer service could be better, it seems like the employees don't even want to be here, it would explain why they are looking for a new manager and crew members. I'll still come here, just not inside to eat.
4	Food is normally hot but the fries are so salty they are hard to eat. Another thing I don't understand is that I order the exact same thing every time I go through the drive thru and yet it is somehow always a different price.  Somewhere between $7 and $7.95. The few cents isn't going to break the bank but it makes you wonder what on earth is going on.  By the way I order it at least once a week so it's not like I'm forgetting the price.
1	Tired of going through the drive thru, ordering what I do and getting something totally different by the time I get home. Has happened more then three times in the last 6 months. I don't get as to how hard it is to get an order right.  I have spoken to the manager and called and they just don't seem to care. They fill like you are trying to get a free meal out of them. And you know what? They should give me a free meal for always screwing up my order.. Frustrated! YES I AM darn it.
