5	Lucky me - I got a pair of Chrome Hearts sunglasses for Christmas. Step 2 was a prescription lens, so Dane Martin at CH recommended Daren Gray at Sunglass Optic Studio to cut my RX lenses. The frame I got is the widest frame I've ever chosen, so I was a bit nervous about the execution of the RX lenses. They ended up taking only 4 days, and they came out perfectly! Polarized (Daren's suggestion) and anti-reflective coated on both the outside and inside, the actual lenses were stretched with a digital imaging device and the result is an incredibly flush front lens cut to the CH frame without distorting the frame shape at all. Amazing stuff. The right choice.Now I know that absolutely any wide sunglass frame is capable of being RX'd well. Used to be I would buy a frame and when I got it back the frame would be distorted from the perimeter of the RX lens.
5	I just got my prescription sunglasses today and am very VERY happy with them.  Finding the right pair of glasses is difficult for me because of my wider face and nose bridge and my stupid strong prescription.  I actually did find a fantastic pair several years ago in Arizona but those frames developed a crack and would not allow the lenses to be changed out without destroying the frames.  Thus, the hunt for new sunglasses to protect my eyes from the evil desert sun.  I did not have high hopes for finding frames that were as comfortable and pretty as my old ones.  I started my search by visiting a few other shops in the city.  Nothing.  Boo.  Where should I go next?After reading Bobby Y's glowing review and after numerous trips to Sunglass Optic Studio, I decided to invest in a pair of SALT frames.  Now, I should mention that I'm frugal by nature (i.e., cheap) and eyewear is not (cheap, that is.  At least for me!).  The fact that I chose to purchase a pair of frames from this shop speaks volumes.  Sunglass Optic Studio, hereby referred to in this review as SOS, carries a wide range of fashion forward frames with the accompanying price tag.  Not all are break-the-bank expensive, but the brands displayed attest to the quality of the shop.  When I tried on my SALT frames for the first time, I was so thrilled because they FIT right out of the box....er, display case....No adjustment needed!!!!!  Daren (the optician) was super patient as I compared the SALT frames with my old ones, poring over the fit and angle to see the difference.  I was sold.If you want great service and even better glasses, come here and try a pair on for yourself.  I was told that my frames would arrive by Friday (i.e., tomorrow), but they arrived yesterday.  My actual lenses look "normal" and "thin" in the frames due to some fancy wizardry (i.e., "digital imaging" -- stretching out the lenses whilst keeping the prescription intact) instead of having the edges of the lenses rising above the frame (evidence of lesser quality lens making).  SOS calls you when they say they will and follows through on what they say they will do.  Integrity is a scarce commodity, it seems, in the retail industry but from what I've experienced, is plentiful at SOS.Just a note: SOS does not take insurance.  A bit of a pain, but after asking, they said they'd rather spend their time and money on quality products.
5	I stopped in to have my sunglasses adjusted.  I was helped by Daren, he was very helpful and fixed my glasses to perfection! I would recommend this business for your optic needs.
