3	Machu Picchu actually serves Peruvian food.  Something I don't think that I've ever had.  I don't know that there's anything really odd about it, though it does sound a bit intimidating.I can't tell you how many times I've driven past this place, but it's been a long time since I've been inside.  Way back when it was Loafers - probably ten years ago!Now the outside has been remade, but the inside hasn't undergone much more than a paint job and some new light fixtures.  It's fairly bright: And made even more so by the fact that they were shooting a commercial.The furnishings are somewhat sparse.  They might even be leftovers from the Loafers day.  Nothing fancy at all.  But the staff is friendly.  I'd give them a big thumbs up, as they try and make you feel at home.  Helpful, as on a chilly night like tonight, the place was downright cold!Luckily, the food helped in that regard as well.  Everything was tasty, though nothing was really outstanding.  The best thing of the night was actually something ordered by my wife - a steak and rice dish with onions and tomatoes over fries (called "Lomo Saltado").  Excellent.  My own was just average.  See the pics if you'd like to check out some visuals.If you happen to be a Time-Warner customer, be sure to look for a coupon for buy one, get one free.
5	REALLY GOOD Peruvian food... Never in my life have I had such delicous peruvian food.... NOT EVEN IN CHICAGO... Their ceviche is to die for... their Anticuchos, to die for... their rotiserie Chicken, TO DIE FOR... The place is clean and the ambience is super... Good salsa music on the background. The place is awesome to bring friends and share meals... (THEY ARE BIG)... Now if it was BYOB id never go anywhere else.!
5	This is REAL Peruvian food that I have had a nostalgia for since I left the country. You can tell this place is great by all the Peruvians that come in foe their favorite dishes. They even serve actual choclo (Andean corn) with that great cheese. Staff is very friendly and the place is decorated with kitschy Peruvian souvenirs--which actually adds to its authenticity, as it is how many restaurants in Cuzco are decorated to pander to curious tourists. I aim to visit this place every time I come into town!
3	Authentic? yes ... just not a really good restaurant. I really like Peruvian food, love much of it, really. Due to a significant amount of Asian immigration their cuisine is one of the original fusion foods, seafood and rice meets hot chili peppers sauces, roasted corn and  sweet potatoes. A major delicacy is Ceviche, which if you never tried I'd describe as "not really raw sashimi" - raw fish and seafood is briefly marinated first in lemon, lime cilantro etc. The better restaurants marinate it only right before it's served but the run of the mill joint (like this one) keeps it in the fridge ready made, loosing it's texture and freshness.When we walked into the restaurant that night we found a crowd of over a hundred Peruvians gathered around the several TVs. There was a live broadcast of a World Cup elimination game between Peru and their arch rivals Chile. This made for a very loud and heated dinner! It was fun. So yes it's all very authentic, just not very fresh nor particularly well prepared. Skip the ceviche and give a try to the Chaufa de mariscos, seafood fried rice. Another version is the Arroz con mariscos, a local version of the Spanish Paella, also very good but personally I prefer my rice crispy rather than mushy. Be sure to ask for lots of the chili sauce to mix with it, they have green and red sauces, not the yellow I like best. The green is normally super spicy but this one was mild so I used the red one. I asked for and used so much of it that the Colombian waitress asked me if I was Peruvian myself, lol!. The rice was a bit mushy, but like I said not the best example of Peruvian cuisine. Also the new owners don't have a liquor license, so no beer or wine. I asked about BYO and paying a corkage fee but I was told this practice is not legal in NC. Really 2 1/2 stars but around these parts it may the best there is.
5	QUE RICO!!! This is my second Peruvian restaurant attempt in Charlotte.  The first one was a bust, but holy guacomole finally an amazing peruvian restaurant.  My friend and I started with anticuchos as an appetizer which were perfect.  Their aji (hot sauce) was bomb ass.  They had the red and the green, which the green is probably the best aji IMO.  For entrees I had the Ceviche Mixto (authentic as a motha) which was so freaking good i wanted to put a straw in it and drink the juices at the end.  My friend had the Jalea ( fried seafood platter) which was also authenitc and tasted amazing.  I have eaten tons of Peruvian cuisine, but my friend had never tried it.  I am now pretty sure he is hooked.  The plates were so big that it took us an hour to finish all our food. Honestly after this, we didnt eat the rest of the day. I will def be back in a couple weeks.  The only problem I had was their prices on some things seemed a little high, but then again this is the only good Peruvian place I have found in Charlotte so its worth it.  We got out of the door for around $40 for the both of us. FINALLY A GOOD PERUVIAN PLACE!* if you never had peruvian food things to try are papa la hauncania, Aji de Gallina, and Lomo Saltado.  My favorite things are anticuchos, Jalea, Ceviche ( a must), and Pollo a la brasa.  PROSAutheniticTaste was impeccable.  It didn't feel like homemade, but more restaurant quality if that makes sense to you.CEVICHE CEVICHE CEVICHE the way its supposed to be done.They give you so much food that I now waddle instead of walk.The waitress even gave me their recipe for the green AJI.CONSSome items seemed overpriced, but then again I lived in the hood in NJ.  Pollo a la brasas in the hood would cost half what they charged.
4	I enjoyed my order or ceviche. It was a little expensive but the portion was so large that I felt like I got my money's worth. you get some potato, sweet potato, maiz gigante, and said corn toasted (which i really don't get) to mix with your meal.I'd like to see how their roast chicken is.
4	Not Closed, moved to Polk St in Pineville. I found it on accident and my Peruvian friend told me it was the same place! Haven't been to the new location yet, but plan to very soon.Repeat, NOT CLOSED!!!!
5	After moving back to Charlotte from out West I wanted to find a Peruvian Restaurant which could come close to my favorite in L.A. "Mario's".  I thought it wasn't possible.  Mily y Lalo's surpassed all of my expectations.  The people there are so nice, always a family vibe, and the food is SPECTACULAR.  A wide range of authentic Peruvian dishes, my favorite being the Lomo Saltado de Pollo, with an egg on top of course.
