4	You might be thinking why an earth has Edinburgh got a festival dedicated to politics! You might be thinking politics is boring and that Edinburgh has plenty of other brilliant festivals! However, the Politics Festival, which takes place in mid August, has been a great addition to the festival season in Edinburgh.Established at the start of the naughties, the festival has gone from strength to strength. The talk provides a range of talks and workshops on political and social issues. Recently speakers have included Annie Lennox, Germaine Greer and Claire Short. I have been to a few talks with minor politicians and all have been insightful, and have turned into more of an engagement between the speakers and the audience! Furthermore in recent years there has been an exhibition at the parliament of award winning photographs of conflicts (Winners of the World Press Photo 2009 Competition), places and people.Events are held within and around parliament and aim to get people engaged with political and social issues. A festival is a great way to do this and adds a bit of fun and accessibility to politics.
2	The Fringe, the International Festival, and the Film Festival, I can all understand.The Book Festival, that's pushing it a bit.The Politics Festival, that really is just taking the piss.It's not that politics is particularly boring or unimportant, it can be quite fascinating and is integral to almost any major event in history, but it's just not the kind of thing that requires a festival. Try as I might, I can't see a crowd of stinking hippies sitting round in a circle, sniffing glue and discussing the merits of the capital gains tax.Next up, the Festival of Accountancy.
5	I only just found out about this festival a couple of months ago. And man, was I excited. By that I mean, man, am I excited for this year's line-up! I mean, I'm a fan of comedy, I'm a fan of theatre, art, literature... but I don't quite understand politics. I can't vote here, so I keep myself ignorant so that I don't feel powerless. Which I'm sure is not the way to go about it, but anyway... I'm a fan of photography. And this year, the politics festival, hosted in the Scottish Parliament, will be hosting the World Press Photography Exhibition with linked conferences on the connection between climate change and photography. Excited yet? You should be!The festival is all free and all housed in the Scottish Parliament building which is interesting in and of itself. As far as I'm concerned, one should definitely try jamming as many festivals into a small period of time as possible. I'm just waiting for a philosophy festival to kick off here.
