4	If you're looking for a spicy hot sandwich, then this is the place for you!  They have more hot sauce choices than you have ever seen or heard of!  Of course, you can hold the sauce and just have a normal mild sandwich, but it's the hot sauce choices that make Firehouse Subs really special. Hot sauces with names like Gator Hammock, Bee Sting, and Cheeches Gnarly Garlic, make for a fun experience and you can doctor your sub differently each time making for some unique concoctions. Paying homage with their name and decor to Firemen, while kitschy, seems to work... Right down to their Dalmatian patterned tabletops. Overall a solid sub sandwich with combos under $10.00!
3	The meatball sub is the best I have had in a long time. I also was talked into the Smokehouse Brisket and it was amazing. The problem here is they only have one register open at lunch time and aren't staffed to open another one. Lunch is a timed thing for me as I have to get back to the grind. Help us out and hire another person STAT!!!!!
5	We REALLY REALLY REALLY Need a Firehouse Sub in the Tacoma/Puyallup area! Very good subs, and they are on my short list of national Sub chains I like (Firehouse, Quiznos and Jersey Mikes) They beat Subway and Jimmy Johns hands down! Prices might be a little higher then Subway, but they are not skimpy on the meats!I really like the idea of the Coke Freestyle machine there, specially since I dont like Coke, but there is plenty of options in that machine that is good, including a cherry Limeade one there is highly recommended to try if you come here!The service here is very friendly, and prompt! And they are diffidently a place I like going to!
4	First time at this Firehouse. I placed an online order (first time doing that) and the mobile site wasn't friendly at all, so I switched to desktop mode and it worked fine. I ordered the Steamer - tough to go wrong with corned beef AND pastrami. Even tho I ordered all the regulars plus banana peppers, they ONLY put on the peppers, so it was very dry. Unfortunately I was at work and had no condiments. Not much parking around the place tho but they get a lot of walk-ins. The bread was fresh, which is always dicey on take out, since it's too late to argue once you get back home/to work. But it was very good, toasted and soft. The meat was good but, as I said, needed the requested mayo. All in all, Firehouse usually puts out good food. A bit lacking today.
3	First time here, the bread they use on the sandwiches is amazing. Ordered the veggie, not the best tasting but could tell the ingredients were good quality
2	After hearing the commercial a 100th time on the radio I decided to finally try this place. First impression was the shitty attitude of the girl working the register. When I finally got my club sub I was really unimpressed. I won't be coming back anytime in the future. There's way better options in Tempe.
