3	Cute little store located in the Venetian shops with... surprise surprise... hats.    Cowboy hats, fedoras, trucker hats, even big ass Easter bonnets.  If hats are you're thing, this is the place for you.   They're not for me but a friend of mine particularly LOVES the bling'ed out trucker hats they have.   Coors Light or Budweiser or Tab and stuff like that with crystals.   They also have a small selection of "Angry Little Girls" tote bags with snerky little sayings on them.Fun stuff.
4	So  - we were on a mission to find the boyfriend a hat. A specific kind of hat, actually. You know, a VEGAS-Y hat. (haha). Actually what we were looking for was a fedora-style hat that wasn't too dressy and still light enough so as not to sweat his entire head off. We started at the Forum Shops. Nope! Nada. Then we moved on through Caesar's, looking at every street vendor and kiosk we could find. Nothin' but baseball caps.Then, I remembered! Hey, I think there's a hat shop in the Aladdin shops...I mean, the Planet Hollywood shops, which still look exactly like the Alladin Desert Passage shops, but are now called "Miracle Mile Shops"....And sure enough, it was still there in the same place...with the appropriate name: Hattitude.This place has so many hats in so many different styles, I knew if we couldn't find him one there, we couldn't find one anywhere. And voila! We did find him one (for around $40)...and then I promptly stole it. :) I was tempted to grab a few (maybe...3, or 4, or 5) hats myself, but why buy my own when I can just wear his?
5	I found this spot on the way to answer the call of my Asian ancestors...yeah I was about to hit the blackjack and roulette tables. I'm a little bit older now so I'm rocking the hats not the caps with straight lids anymore and something about this place in the make-believe sky blue world of the Planet Hollywood mall caught my attention. I dragged my boy Jose in here and even he, a street kid who grew up in the BX, knew what I was talking about. We were like girls up in there trying a bunch of different hats...it was like a montage scene out of an 80s movie. I bought one that went with my Pacquiao t-shirt (wore it the night he shut down De La Hoya) and even Jose got his first fedora. The lady who worked there was mad helpful and Shhh! she gave us an employee discount!
5	I'm always on the market for a new hat or cap and I love wearing Ivy Caps. This place had a great selection of hats from all styles, shapes and sizes. They had some genuine 10 gallon hats and some great leather dusters. If I could pull off wearing a cowboy hat I'd defiinitely have bought me one, but sadly I don't have the head for itI did find a nice 100% leather Ivy cap to replace the cotton one I've been sporting for a while. It was $50, which seemed steep, but my wife convinvced me to go ahead and get it, so I did. It was a great buy!
4	This is a fun hat shop in the Miracle Mile Shops.  My hubby and I stopped in and tried on every type of cap under the sun!  I didn't find anything that struck my fancy, but the hubby found a great brown suede golf cap.  It was a nice shop, with a lot of selection.  A bit pricey, but hey it is Vegas and the quality of the hat seemed good.
5	If you like hats, this place is very good. If you LOVE hats, you are in heaven here!This shop used to be at The Venetian, but closed about 1 year ago, only to reopen in the Planet Hollywood hotel. Lo and behold, as of 8/25/2010, they are BACK at the Venetian!(new spot in mall, tho) Near the Rockport and Brighton stores, they are much larger than they used to be.A seasonal and varied selection, they have a bit of everything right now. Women's selections are sun-hats, visors and cute straw hats. They have woolen cloches (yay!) and cold-weather hats that range from causal to quite fancy. For men, they have Panamas, baseball, fedoras and a HUGE selection of Kangols.Staff is happy and eager to help you find just what you're looking for. Yes, they have goofy hats!
5	This is such a fun store in Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops, but you are not allowed to take pictures! See the disclaimer posted everywhere. It's cool that you get to try on all the hats- goofy ones, rasta dreadlocks, sun protection hats, kangol, cowboy, fedoras, and much more. There's a store in San Diego's Seaport Village that this reminds me of too BTW. Since this is a specialty store, you can expect premium prices. Pure fun.
5	Hat heaven. I don't even remember seeing any of the silly hats, I went straight for the large brim cowboy hats. Every hat I picked up was pretty pricey, but all fabulous. The clerk was also very polite.
5	This is the best hat store ever. I can't a store quite like this where I live. This store sells hats of all kinds of colors and styles. Their hats are of high quality too. If you see something good, you might as well grab it because their inventory constantly changes. You'll find hats that will fit all occasions.
