4	The grand opening was yesterday and we were there tonight! My son got a $5.00 Large 1 topping pizza. He said it was good and ended up eating 1/2 of a large pizza!I did the Provolone Cheese steak. Very good! Filled with lots of meat, peppers, onions, and Mayo! The bread wasn't soggy even though it was a little messy. I do think the peppers could be cooked a little more, they were crunchy and I don't like them like that. I will retry on the next visit.Hubby got a steak, cheese, and mushroom. He said it was very good. He got the Onion rings and was disappointed. They were greasy and not as good as the one in Tempe. We also got an order or cheese bread and it was awesome.The can probably hold about 25 inside and they have tables outside which is where we sat since the weather was so nice.Over all I wish them the best of luck and plan to go back again.
1	So, I'm not trying to be funny when I say this But I wish I could have gave this place  Zero Stars. As far as the Service it wasn't that great but l i'll give them the benefit of the doubt since its new and they have Teens working up front. It was my first time going there so I wish she told me I could have a flavor crust she told the two people after me thou. And one of them got there Pizza before me not sure how that happen The pizza wasn't good at all to be honest but  $5.00 Large 1 topping pizza  you can't expect Greatness but I do expect better then that. Now on to the Philly Cheesesteak Hands down one of the worst Cheesesteaks I've had if not the worst. I had the Philly Cheesesteak  with Grilled onions and Cheese Sauce. There was not one good thing about it, The bread was nasty and hard, there wasn't enough meat, Not sure if it was the Cheese or the Meat but it was was very salty. Its over priced also 7 bucks for a 8"in.. If was just want a Cheap pizza and don't care about taste I'll say got for it. But do not waste your money on the Philly Cheesesteak
4	I picked up a large 2 topping pizza for $7.70.  I thought the pizza was great.  My wife and son on the other hand, did not care for it.  I think it was due to the rosemary herb that is in their sauce.  I think it adds a great flavor.  Much better than Little Ceasar's and the same price.  I will be going back, although I i will try sandwiches for my wife and son next time.  Good pizza, especially for the $.
5	Great Food and Fast and Friendly Delivery!! Best Deal in town!!
2	Had steak hoagie. Was ok nothing special. Service was ok. We also ordered pizza....whoa big mistake..  1 notch above cardboard.
3	Stopped in for a slice with my son, large slice of pizza, generous toppings, a tad on the greasy side, but most likely due to the pepperoni.  all in all, thought it was good.  Food came out quickly, will stop in an try something else next time... Oh yea, no fountain drinks..... For me a negative
5	great cheese steaks and 5 dollar pizza is good deal for the price!
2	first and foremost I love Genos Tempe and Gilbert! so when I saw this open next to my dads place I was like pops we need to take you there, well this one not as good as the othersit is smaller it is in a old take out pizza joint but size shouldnt matter then i see the menu is slightly different they only have one size cheese steak which is strange to me.The cheese steak the bread was slightly stale and this place does not compare with the meat portion that the others give you at Tempe and Gilbert you have to use a fork because of all the excess meat whoever is in charge of this location thumbs down!
4	had delivery last night - steak, cheese and mushroom hoagie was delicious!  took about 30-40 min for 3 cheesesteaks and bacon ranch fries.  Guy on the phone said the menu online is incorrect, though.
1	Just received our order from Geno's for NFL opening Sunday.  When I called the order in they said it would be an hour to an hour and a half.  OK, I can understand being busy on NFL opening Sunday, so I said it would be fine.  I ordered a Steak and Cheese Pizza, an order of parmesan garlic wings, a Geno's Famous (a steak, onions and cheese wiz sandwich) and an order of fries.When the order arrived (almost exactly an hour and a half) there was grease literally dripping off of the pizza box.  I had to ask the delivery guy to borrow his rag to carry the pizza into my house.  The pizza was cold (like it had been sitting in the box for about an hour and fifteen minutes!).  The sandwich had virtually no cheese on it (come on guys, we all know how much cheese wiz costs!) and it was not even warm.  The wings were so dry they were inedible....we threw them away.  The fries were a big soggy mass of potatoes.  On top of all that I was asked if I wanted Ranch or Bleu Cheese.  I said Bleu Cheese and guess what.....I got Ranch!The only reason it even gets one star is thet after we re-heated the pizza, it was actually very tasty.  NEVER, EVER AGAIN WILL I ORDER FROM GENO'S.  And believe me, I will tell everyone I know not to bother with Geno's.
4	Craving a good Philly Cheesesteak.and I got one here.
5	Ordered a philly with chicken instead of steak and provolone cheese. One of the tastiest chicken phillys I've ever had. Chicken was tender and flavorful and cooked perfectly. The portion was generous as well. Geno's looks like some huge national chain,, but it's a small local chain owned by a few different people. I've never once been disappointed by their food or service. This location is no exception and I'm a huge fan.
5	My sister takes care of a teenage boy who will only eat Geno's pizza. She brought some home one day and told me that I had to try it. The pizza was pretty good, but paired with the ranch it was awesome! We also had the garlic bread which was really yummy. Definitely going there again!
4	At first I wasn't impressed. Right when we walked in, all we saw was flies everywhere and it was a little warm. The staff didn't seem to care and weren't professional... Despite all of that, the food was great and the prices are very cheap! I will return and I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	if I could give more stars I would.  This place is awesome!!!! Their Gluten Free Pizza is actually pizza!  Its the best Ive ever had.  I just moved down the street and Ive already eatn there 4 times!!!  THANKS GENOS!!!!
3	I'm giving 3 stars because we love the food but the service stinks. Love the food and the ranch is amazing. Just don't expect friendly service.
1	I just ordered a cheesesteak and it was one of the worst I have ever seen in my whole life. I lived outside of Philadelphia the capital of cheesesteaks and I owned 3 pizzeria and Italian restaurant and we made cheese steaks. We make cheese steaks the old fashion way we use fresh ribeye meet we shave the meat real thin..we drizzle  olive oil cooked it up onions cheese whiz or provolone whatever they want on it I know a good cheesesteak and Genos  does not make good cheese steaks. I also noticed they use a conveyor belt oven to cook their pizza forget about it you cannot make a good pizza in a conveyor belt oven.. That's why they could afford to charge $5 for pizza because they use inferior ingredients to make it ...Needless to say they will never see me again
