5	So delighted to find a Caribbean grocery store and kitchen in the West valley. I came across an ad for this place a few days ago at my hairdresser and went to try it today. I was like a kid going up and down the aisles, putting hard to find items like salt fish, sorrel, kola champagne, jerk seasoning, plantain chips and ovaltine biscuits into my basket. It was such a treat to find Caribbean groceries that I had to order online before I knew of Caribbean Market Place. It is a small store but take your time going through...I was surpised at the selection.After chatting with the lady who rang me up, I learned that the Caribbean Market Place grocery store has been there for 6 years, but they recently opened the kitchen which is adjacent. There are a couple of tables inside and outside, but we opted for an order to go. A generous plate of curry chicken, rice and peas and plantains was $10, oxtail stew with the same sides was $13. VERY good meal! My curry chicken was enough for lunch and dinner...my Dad enjoyed his oxtail with plantains.We will definitely be back!
5	If you hail from the Caribbean as I am and you're looking to stock up on any kind of item from back home that'll make you nostalgic, then this is the place for you.Let me know start, the place is located in a small strip mall and wasn't hard to find with my GPS.  The sign outside was large enough to see from far.  Parking is more than generous.  The outside of the establishment is clean.  As you enter, I was greeted by the friendly employees.  On the left is the grocery side and on the right is the restaurant side with some tables and chairs for eating.On this particular visit, we found everything we were looking for that couldn't be found at any local grocery store, Walmart, or Target.  We picked up curry and saffron powder, cooking butter, a soft drink called 'Solo', poulourie mix, and a jar of mango chutney all produced in our homeland - Trinidad and all reasonably priced may I add!While we were there, we figured we'd grab a bite to eat so I ordered the regular curry goat which comes with 2 sides so I chose the rice and beans along with the fried plantains which was very tasty and served hot!  Thankfully the curry goat wasn't too spicy.  The regular is $`13 and was enough for two or maybe if you leave any leftovers, it can go for dinner tonight but I consumed it all.One of the food items we came for was roti but they were out but will be retuning in a couple days for it....it's a must have!We were really pleased to have found this place through the internet and Yelp and seeing as they carry many of the products that are so hard to find in our local neighborhood markets and groceries, we will definitely be returning, not just for that roti, but for many other grocery items!
5	The best food in town!!! Great service! The food is plated beautifully. Always fresh. This was my third time coming.  I had to bring my friend here for lunch to try it and she loved it too!  The jerk chicken and curry chicken are a must have!! I wish there were more stars I could give the food here!!!! Yummy!!!!
5	Brown stew chicken was MWAH! Wanted to kiss the cook, but that would be innapropriate ;)  I went late at night so I wasn't expecting the food to be fresh but it was flavorful, the sauce was rich and the sides were sweet in contrast to the fire of the spices.  Nice array of west indian spices and seasonings in the store as well.  Will be back!
