4	There's a DJ both Friday and Saturday night but there is no dance floor. Hmm, exactly. So you can eat your Korean barbeque with your Korean liquor to some oonze oonze. The place itself is gorgeous, the interior and as well as the exterior (patio) not that you really want to see the Smashboxx patrons (you don't).  Overall, if you're hungry before you dance or bar hop come here. It seems like an oddball between the dance clubs (Smashboxx and The Mint) without a dance floor and honing in on dining. But if you want high end entrees instead of pizza or tacos (near International) then this is your place.Did I say it's gorgeous?
5	Go socialize at their Social Hour from 7 -10pm! They hosted the Junior League Provisional Social and totally hooked us up with their awesome space. Korean bars are VERY rare here and I loved it. Will be back.
4	I have to give this place 4 stars for giving Scottsdale some diversity.  Love the ambience and Korean bar food selections.    Another round of Cham Il sul Soju please.  I would have given ROK 5 only if they had No Rae bang - Karaoke.  :)
5	Yeeee boiAlways drink a bit more then I plan when I come here ~ They have a variety of cocktail soju, soju based cocktails, and they now have food! Place can get a bit pricey but its worth it to see 2ne1 on the wall.K-pop, modern decor, soju - You know i'm a fan(One day ill be sober enough to bring my camera here)
5	The club scene can be a pain especially for the hunt of good music/Dj and drink specials. This place has both if your a hip hop lover.The goodWas out on the town Labor Day weekend friend of mine was having his bday get together here. Great choice, the liquor was flowing (Korean vodka rules) the bar team was fast and the Dj (psycho pat) kept the cool hip hop songs going man what a nice place. Although I missed the happy hour I could see they have an awesome HH well worth a trip back early next time I go. The badFinding a stall close to it took an hour lol but that's what u will deal with any weekend no biggie. 2 shots of Jameson 16$ yikes but also pretty standard as they place Jameson as a top shelf liquor ugh. OverallI will be back to check those spam sliders and more of the Korean vodka. This place deserves 4 1/2 stars not 5 but couldn't give it 4 stars friendly staff and owner made the night great.
2	Stopped in for a quick drink last night & decided to order the Korean wings as well. Here's my take on this spot.A. 9:30 on a Friday night and we were the only people thereB. Never head of this place until recently & they have been open 4 months!!!C. Wings were bland as could be! I make better wings. There was no seasoning on them whatsoever.D. Cheap eats from 7-10 PM $5 apps & $7 drinks (very girly overly sweet drinks) No need to go back.
5	Hidden gem in Scottsdale! The food is great & happy hour is cheap! BK is an awesome bartender. Will definitely be a regular here & will recommend to all my friends!
3	It's more of a lounge. The mixed drinks just taste like juice, but they do have soju. They don't have tables, but they're food is decent for the price. Plus,  they have Bulgogi tots! It's an alright place.
