5	This place is rad. It's a themed pizza joint based on nerd, geek, and video game culture. They just opened, and they're still a work in progress with the decorations, and I think they are still even perfecting their menu, but it's already shaping up to be cool as hell here. I can picture as time goes on, this place will just get more eclectic and interesting.The focus of the theme is old Nintendo video games from the 80s and 90s, and geek culture from comic books and cartoons to action figures and quirky toys. There's definitely a Mario Bros inspired theme here. The menu has some cool item names that are clever call-backs to video game terminology. It's the sort of place you might expect to find in Austin or Portland (you know - where cool people live)... or even in Tempe. I was surprised most of all to find it in West Phoenix in an older strip mall - not really near any other cool or hip things. It's almost out of place where it sits, but that's perfect since it stands out. We need more stuff like this all over the Valley. The West side some cool and unique restaurants, but they are few and far between. It's good to see stuff like this pop up.I have a feeling that this place will keep evolving into something even more quirky and cool if the owners keep tinkering and turning all of their ideas into reality. Chatting with them, I can tell they are passionate about this stuff.In spite of being relative newcomers to the pizza biz, they make an excellent pie. I had a Boss Battle, which is half pizza and half cheese garlic bread. It's perfect. Their dough is thick and fluffy and tastes good. Their sauce is very flavorful and different. It doesn't come out of a can, and they are still tweaking it, but it's delicious. They don't skimp on the cheese or the sauce or toppings either, and the pepperonis are spicy and tasty as well. I'm not gonna say it is the best pizza I've had in my life, but it was seriously good. I'll go out of my way (and believe me, it's out of my way) to eat here again. Plus, you get a ton of food for not much money.It's really important to our local economy and community to have great little local gems like this pop up and thrive. If you live anywhere near here, you need to order up some delivery or stop by for some take out or hang out and eat with friends and tell the owners you're pickin up what they're puttin down and that you appreciate their existence. I wish we had more places like this on the East side. Metro Phoenix is so full of stuffy old conservatives that art and culture have to force their way in to our lives like blades of grass poking out through cracks in the pavement. Most people in Phoenix just play it safe with traditional names and themes when they open a restaurant (or other business). It's boring. Places like Super Pizza Bros need to be celebrated. Seriously. Insert coin.
5	Just stopped in here with my kids and grand baby yesterday and did we ever have fun. The pizza is great, sauce is amazing. I dreamed about the wings last night....the sweet hot are to die for. The kids had a blast playing Nintendo chess and pool, the owners are cheerful, attentive, and aim high to please. Mission accomplished. We will be back!
5	Wow! Love this place! The sweet heat wings are my absolute favorite! While we were there they made a "test" pizza with gyro meat...that was fabulous!! They make their multiple wing sauce fresh and the ones we had were great. We had buffalo, creamy garlic Parmesan, honey BBQ & sweet heat. The pizza sauce is fantastic...being from an Italian family I am very picky about my sauce and I was impressed. Will definitely be heading back there soon!!!
1	Great Idea, Terrible ExecutionFirst of all I'd like to emphasize that the name and concept for this restaurant is great. Being a fan of Mario, I was excited. The reality hit when I finally tried the restaurant for myself. The pizza was bland, the sauce tasted like it was from a can. We would have had a better experience if we had picked up our own take-and-bake pizza from the local supermarket and made it at home. The theming was inconsistent. I couldn't decide if it was celebrating classic Nintendo or Captain America. It looked like random objects from a teenager's bedroom were strewn about. I'm surprised at the other reviews because they nowhere near reflected the type of experience I had. I have serious doubts whether my pizza was made with fresh ingredients since the sauce was bland and tasted like it had been left out all night. This establishment is brand new, so there is room to improve, but they need to have consistent theming and higher quality ingredients.
1	Found Super Pizza Bros on Yelp and thought, why not! I did not visit the location but had pizza and wings delivered.  I was told 45 mins for delivery and the order arrived at about an hour or a little later.  The pizza was just o.k. I have definitely had better.  We also ordered the  mild and the sweet heat wings.  I am a HUGE fan of wings and love when they are fried and crispy, but these seemed to be baked and I am not a big fan of baked wings.  The heat on both flavors were good and the flavor of the sweet heat was really good, but a lot of the wings had hair on them  :-/  thats a big no for me!!!  Luckily for me, I usually peel the skin off and in this case I made sure I did!!! So, no chewing on hair for me!! I don't think that Super Pizza Bros will be a place that we will order from again.
4	Great atmosphere. Love decor. Pizza was great. Would have liked a bit more onion on pizza. Wings were out of this world and I had the sweet heat. What to try more of their sauce. We will return! I think that this restaurant will only get better
5	Found this place from a recommendation from a friend. Because my boyfriend and I are huge video game nuts, he thought we would love it, and we DEFINITELY did. You pull up in the parking lot (we went at night), and it definitely pops out with lots of neat lights. Inside, everything looks like a level in a Mario game. There are green pipes and blue walls, and there is a game console at every booth!! We sat at the Game Cube table (I know, right! It's like 2003 all over again), and played Mario Party while we waited for our pizza and wings. I ordered the "Boss Battle" (I think it was called), which was half pizza, half garlic cheese sticks, but all in the one pizza circle (I hope that made sense). It was pretty awesome, and I thought it tasted really good! My boyfriend got the Sweet/Hot BBQ wings and it was VERY good. It's a special recipe for there, and they are delicious! Spicy and Sweet, with a TON of leftover BBQ for dipping. The wings themselves were really good, so if you get a different flavor, it's cool ;)The owners were also so nice and you can tell they are VERY passionate about this restaurant, and it shows in the decor and the food. I think they said this place has only been open a few weeks, but they are starting off on a very high note. Also, it's kid-friendly. There was a family sitting next to us with a young boy probably 7 or so years old. I heard him whisper, ".... This place is aawwweeesssommmmeeee." So, what I'm saying is, your kids will dig it! Hooray Pizza Bros!! :)
5	Super Pizza Bros has turned into my new favorite pizza and wings restaurant!  I can't stop talking about how cool this place is!  Not only is the food delicious, but the video game theme is genius.  The restaurant is designed to look like you're actually in a level of Super Mario Bros!  There's a vine on the wall, the air conditioning vents look like pipes and the lamps look like piranha plants!  The booths are even equipped with free video game systems where you can play your favorite games right at your table while you wait for your food.  How cool is that!Not only is the theme of this restaurant awesome but the food here is amazing!  The Boss Battle (half pizza half cheesy bread) is out of this world, the mozzarella sticks are unbeatable and the sweet heat wings are to die for!  I just tried their boneless wings the other day and have to say they are the best I've ever had...crunchy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside.  I'm so glad that I found this place and can't wait to go back!!!!
5	My fiancee and I ate a pizza here tonight. The service was awesome! It's a fun setting where you can play video games while you eat dinner. And you can play Ms. Pacman for free :)
5	Love the video game concept/theme, wings are perfect, pizza gets better and better each time I go, and prices are more than fair; they're EXCELLENT. Don't listen to a lot of these Yelpers who are hating on this place; these awesome owners refuse to bribe Yelp to get the good reviews front and center....the best thing about this place? THE INTEGRITY.
5	Went for the Video Games, was surprised by the great food. Definitely worth checking out if you're a fan of Pizza and Games.
4	The idea behind this place is great. It screams nostalgia for any gamer while providing really good pizza. The pepperoni pizza was delicious. The crust was cooked to perfection and the cheese was gooey and melted. They carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including Grape soda and Vanilla Dr. Pepper! Being able to play video games while you wait for your order is what makes this place so unique. Each table against the wall has at least one system hooked up varying from NES to the Wii U and PS3! Overall great place. 4 stars instead of 5 because of location size. It could be so much more if moved to a larger location. But, start small and grow Super Pizza Bros.
5	The food is delicious, the staff is amazing and friendly, and the atmosphere can't be beat! The staff was really accommodating and were always happy to help when we requested different games for the various consoles we tried. My group and I came to celebrate a birthday and had so much fun, we definitely plan on coming back. I recommend the Boss Battle, best of both worlds: tasty pizza and cheesy garlic bread. And get a brownie! Gooey, fudgy magic, I swear.
5	WARP ZONE!!! This place is SUPER! (No pun intended). Not only does it have a great atmosphere of retro video games and a visual majesty, but they actually have a pretty decent sauce and pizza altogether. Hope they're around for years to come!!!
5	This place was great! Went with my girlfriend and we both loved it. Great atmosphere. Good people. Great food. Very good prices. Spent about $21 with a large pizza. 10 wings. And a 2 liter soda. The food was quite delicious. Definitely going back soon. Not to mention, they have a pretty good selection of games for multiple systems there.
4	I'd give 5 stars for atmosphere and concept. 2.5 stars for Pizza and wings. Pros: FREE video games, Classic games available to playCons: The place was hot and the neighborhood is sketchy. My personal advice to the owners. Pay attention to details. You did a great job making the place a Mario Bros. theme, but finish the job. Poor trim and corners not finished being painted leave me feeling like you don't care and got lazy. Crispy up the wings, they were soggy. I will be back to give you guys a chance to keep my family's business. You are on to something very cool, but please make an effort to up your game a little. I want you to succeed.
3	I first heard of this place on the news.  As a retro gamer myself, I had to check it out.The place is a Super Mario Bros. theme'd restaurant.  They have TVs mainly for Super Mario Bros games but I did see some Sega Genesis consoles that had NBA JAM playing.  Me and my nephew stuck around to play Smash Bros on the Wii.  The staff was cool and friendly.  They helped us out in deciding what we would like to have.  We ended up getting their special of Pizza and Wings.The restaurant screams nostalgia.  They have tons of choices of what to play while you wait for your food.When the food came in.... The wings were ok.  We ordered the BBQ sauce on top and it tasted normal, just like any hole in the wall restaurant with a deep fryer and the ability to put sauce on their food.  The wings were crisp and cooked but nothing special.The pizza however wasn't up to par to what I expected.  The dough was still white and the ingredients did taste like it came straight out of a grocery store brand can.  It's not terrible food however in a place like this, I expected a different recipe or exclusive taste.  Without the concept of video games and geek culture surrounding the tables, its just another pizza spot.The place is still a new establishment so I can't be too harsh with a review.  They are still cool people and have lots of room for improvement.  Can't wait to see what lies ahead in the future of this business.
4	Shut up and take my money! When I first walked up to this place, I fell in love. The menu out on the front door and the signs and everything are all in 8-bit pixels and it's all Super Mario themed. I love it. The idea of this place is genius in my opinion. The inside walls and ceiling are painted green and blue and such, the lamps are Piranha Plant themed from Super Mario, they also painted up the circular air conditioning vents poking out of the ceiling to look like Warp Pipes with Piranha Plants sticking out of them. They have classic figures of Power Rangers and Mario and Pac-Man, etc. Geek culture heaven. I believe I even saw some rarities. Most importantly, each table has it's own mini flat screen with a console hooked up. They have Sega, SNES, Xbox 360, Wii, and a Ms. Pac Man arcade machine. AWESOME.My friend just got a job here so I checked it out, that's the only way I heard about it. Turns out it's fairly new, opened up earlier this year, and it's family-run so I find that respectable. I give them 4 stars to hold my excitement back because they are a start-up and definitely have room for improvement as they grow. The place isn't the best-looking of them all, the facilities could look a little better at least, especially on the way to the bathroom. Some of the controllers stick, like the Gamecube controllers to the Wii with Super Smash Bros. Brawl (but it's still Smash Bros. so I got over it). You can tell these controllers and consoles were probably bought cheaply and hooked up real quick. The wires are taped to the wall in an effort to organize it nicely. Again, they're a new start-up, and I'm just being picky.The pizza/wings were good, I liked it. Nothing popped out at me. They don't have a soda fountain for drinks, but cans stored in a slide-door fridge, just to give you an idea of the quality of the place. But hey canned soda doesn't have to be a bad thing. The best part is that wait time flies by since you're playing video games at your table. It's the best.Regardless of any negativity I might have inflicted upon you, I seriously quickly forgot about it all as I lost myself in classic titles, especially getting lost with my friends in Smash Bros. Brawl and whipping them, while eating wings. Good times! It was slow at the time as well, so even the cashier came over and played with us for a little. Hah!P.S. I actually hear they're moving as well to Tempe (expanding?) so looks like the sky's the limit for this place. Big potential, bright future for sure.
5	This place is awesome! From the reviews and atmosphere I knew my boys would love it and I was correct! They all (2 boys plus husband) enjoyed playing Nintendo while we waited for our food. The Boss bread was delicious and addicting and the pizza was hot and fresh. All in all great atmosphere, fun place and delicious food makes Super Pizza Bros a new family favorite for us!
