3	While the Sam's in Matthews holds a special place for us because of Pakman, the Sam's in the University is a little different - I'm not sure I'll understand why every Sam's has just a slightly different layout, but it really gets annoying.Some stores you can go into and it's like each one is identical.  Not Sam's.  When you walk into Sam's, it's like you're in a different store.  Sure, it's a warehouse, but they each have their own unique personality, and the University store has plenty.The staff here just aren't as friendly as the ones in Matthews, so if you're going to just browse, do it in Matthews - though you can certainly browse, it just doesn't have the same cozy feel.
3	Being that this is the closest club to my location, I do shop here regularly.  I enjoy shopping at Sam's and get good deals on numerous items.  The fruit is especially noteworthy as it is fresh and typically sold in family-sized portions.  On my latest visit, I went to pick up a cake.  I ordered the cake a few days ago then called the day before pickup to confirm the order.  When I saw the cake, the word Toastmasters was spelled Toast's Masters and the club number was incorrect.  I requested it be fixed, with little time to spare, and shopped around to give them ample time to fix the errors.  Upon my return, the box was placed in an awkward location where it could have been easily knocked over.  The club number was corrected but the name was not.  I stopped by customer service to voice my concerns and was referred to the bakery manager but I needed to get back to the office with the cake.  #DisappointedSTRONG SUGGESTION:  Place your bakery orders in the store and visually review the paperwork to ensure the wording is correct.
4	There's only one Sams on the Northside and whenever you go in there on a Sunday, it's going to be crowded. With that being accepted it took me at least 20 - 30 min to get thru check out and out the door. They do have the best Cinnamon pretzels, however, there's usually always just 1 person working or taking orders in the cafe. I mean it is super busy after church, so I wish they would have more people working there. Plus a lot of people get the large pizzas (which are comparable to delivery pizza or frozen store bought) to take home,  but still only 1 worker. Also, they don't accept all major credit cards, which is odd. Of course, I will keep going because there's not another closer. However, BJ's is worth a trip too.
3	Sams club... I have to say they won me over with a free membership, but I'm not a big fan of this location. The parking spaces are small, its hard to find parking, and it takes too long to make it through the check out line. There is nothing convienient about this place! They do happen to have everything that I need in bulk and I love their veggie section. The food at the cafe definitely made up for the long lines and difficulty parking, but there was also a long line there! I chose to go on a sunday and this may have a lot to do with the troubles that I experienced. The after church crowd is ravenous! All in all they have what is promised... bulk items at a reasonable price. I will continue to shop at this establishment, but maybe next time I'll choose a different day.
5	Sam's, my go to store your snacks, awesome find s, and bulk items! The prices are pretty good. I get certain things and I get out, before I spend unnecessary money. That is very easy to do! Its kind of like a larger Walmart, and a foodies paradise! If you haven't been. GO NOW! ENJOY! Oh, by the way, their pizza is delicious at the hot bar, up front, and they sell whole pizzas hot at the bar, and slices. In the  deli area in the back, they sell the same whole pizzas, except they are cold.
1	Horrible management Drew (night manager) was very unprofessional with a refund I needed. After spending over 10,000$ on flooring and a new TV entertainment center they gave me a hard time over a 50$ refund. What a joke. I canceled my membership and they lost a customer for life. Way to keep business Drew. You may have saved the store 50$ but you lost a customer for life. I'm sure the upper management team would not agree with your business decision on this one.store at Sam's Club8909 JW Clay Blvd, Charlotte, NC
5	Sam's, my go to store for snacks, awesome find s, and bulk items! The prices are pretty good. I get certain things and I get out, before I spend unnecessary money. That is very easy to do! Its kind of like a larger Walmart, and a foodies paradise! If you haven't been. GO NOW! ENJOY! Oh, by the way, their pizza is delicious at the hot bar, up front, and they sell whole pizzas hot at the bar, and slices. In the  deli area in the back, they sell the same whole pizzas, except they are cold.
