5	Thank goodness for Supercuts. This one is in the hideous yellow and green building adjacent to Ben & Jerry's.  But I really like this location because Angie and Janea are both the bomb.  They listen to exactly what I want and make it happen.  I've tried several places in town that are 30$ just for a cut and I can't tell any difference.  No matter who cuts your hair, remember to tip!  For a cut that's only 15$ it's well worth the extra three or four dollars to show your appreciation.  Saturdays are the busiest day so I recommend calling ahead or going during the week.
4	Review written by Wife--- I recently had a good experience at this location. I got a relaxing shampoo and a great basic trim (all I needed). Cost $18 for both!! Sonia was nice and friendly. Am definitely going to go back.
3	Hi,Even my husband went for a hair cut last week.it was good.I would also be tryign this week.Hopefully they work good on ladies long hair too.
3	Looking for a reliable but fast haircut?  Don't want to pay something outrageous for the privilege?  Then this Supercuts is sharpening its blades for you. Right on Providence Road next to Ben & Jerry's, this corporate-owned location is just what you'd expect.  Basic chairs, booths, and a small waiting area.  The adjacent parking lot is small, but I always manage to find a spot open.  For busier times, it is very easy to park on the side street.There are usually 2-3 stylists in shop and available, though your wait time will depend entirely on the time of day and year you stop in.  You see, this location is pretty popular with the school kids in Myers Park and Eastover.  Near the holidays and back-to-school time, this place can get a bit overwhelmed.  The answer?  I like to call ahead to get in line.  The staff will let you call in up to an hour in advance to go ahead and reserve your place in the queue.  It does not mean they will be waiting on you to rush in through the door, but at least you won't have the surprise of seeing the waiting area piled full of other waiting folks.  Note that during the weekdays, however, you can usually walk in and be seen right away, without any call ahead.I have a couple of stylists I prefer there, but really the whole crowd has been fine (or perhaps I don't have an overly complicated haircut?).  A basic cut does not include a full wash and condition, so if you are looking for that, make sure to tell them and you can buy an upgrade.  They also do color and waxing, so folks who need a little more for their 'do can pretty much find it here.  Service, once seated, has always been fast and mostly friendly, without a bunch of frills.But I'm a simple guy and I like a simple cut, without needing a latte in hand or a shoulder massage with my shampooing.  Supercuts gets that job done at a fair price.  Bravo for simplicity.
5	After living in Charlotte for 2 months and checking out several places I found this Supercuts accidentally while looking for another business. Jennifer cut my hair and did an exceptional job. She ask how I wanted it, I showed her a picture of how I like it cut from an old photo and she made sure it was perfect. She took the time to make sure it was even, trimmed up and everything was exactly how I requested. I would highly recommend her. This shop is not easy to find if you are new to the area or going by GPS, but they are definitely worth the search, right beside a Ben & Jerry's.
