5	After seeing the same barber for years, he took ill and I was forced to look for a good barber.  Any men that are picky about their haircuts will know it is REAL hard to find a good barber that your happy with.  Usually, I would just get a decent haircut and it was good enough.  Enough about me, lets talk about V's!This IS my new place.  I have been in a few times now and they have done my hair perfectly each time.  Now be warned, this is not a $10 Supercut hair cut ..... this is a full service old time barber shop!  When you walk in just hope there is a little of a wait.  Almost every magazine a man could want is hanging on the racks.  Also, you can get a free shoeshine and enjoy what ever game is on the TV.I have had separate barbers each time and both were interesting and  very professional in their skills.  There is a flat screen TV at each barber station and they will put on whatever game your interested in.  Each cut comes with a straight razor neck shave and a hot towel on your face.  The cut ends with a short, but relaxing back massage.Cost was around $24, but I have to emphasize that you're not going to V's for just a haircut.  You're going for an experience, a moment to relax.
5	Nice shop with experienced barbers. One visit so far, but an excellent cut with an excellent taper in the back. Straight razor neck shave with cream and Oster massage at the end.Highly recommend Darwin the barber.
5	Guys have few opportunities to pamper themselves (at least guys without the gaul or means of Elliot Spitzer).Cold draft beer in a frosted mug.  The scent of the lumber department.Hot shaving cream on the back of the neck and sideburns.  Ahhhh.I usually get the $10 haircut at an old-school barber shop in Somerville, but while here on business, I got a terrific cut and experience.  The barber did a beautiful taper, mused over sports and the life of Hugh Heffner (Girls Next Door was on the tube), and paid attention to detail.  Prepped the neck with a hot towel, and did a great job with the straight edge.  $20 plus tip covers the cut, cleanup, and short massage.Now I just need the smoking jacket.
5	Exactly one year later and I've been to V's all but twice in the past 12 months and only because of scheduling conflicts.If coming from the Supercuts, Greatclips, etc. ad nauseum experience, V's will seem different. Gone is the spikey, uneven hair on top of the head. Gone are squared off backs with remaining whiskers below the hairline. A licensed barber will provide the shape, neck taper, straight razor and hot towel experience befitting of the well groomed gent or young man.It pays to look well and this V's location, and Darwin in particular, get my vote for excellent work.
1	I had the worst experience with a haircut EVER. I have been there twice before, and was never told to make an appointment. Showed up a 4:45, they said 'we have a few appointments coming in, so it will be a little while'. No mention of the wait time, in fact we were ignored and treated like we shouldn't be there. An hour later they finally had time for my son and I. The guy said - 'it is after hours, so you are getting a buzz' to my son. He then proceeded to do the quickest, worst I have to go home haircut I have ever seen. When I said - that is a haircut? There is no hair missing - I was ignored.Then, to my horror, the lady cutting my hair gave me the worst clipper job, with a notch taken out of the left side and a complete uneven cut front to back. I asked her - WHAT IS THIS? (Pointing to the messed up notch) She proceeded to say, it just needs gel. Then smashed my hair down Pat Riley syle, like sweeping turds under a rug.Perfect, I have to give presentations to my peers at a huge conference next week and my hair looks like a first year sport clip moron did it. They were in a rush, didn't provide any customer service, were rude and to top it off charged me full price. Do not go to this place near closing, apparently, customer service turns to a pumpkin after 6 pm, even if I was there at 4:45.Go to Floyds or ANY other place, their true colors showed through. I left a VM for a manager, hopefully they have SOMEONE that can fix my hair, for now, I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.I didn't even mention, they wanted to shave me after chopping my hair unevenly, no way.
5	This place is great, where a man should get his hair cut.First of all, great environment. LCDs everywhere usually with ESPN on and they'll change it to what you want to watch while getting your haircut. It's so comfortable to just hang out and get your haircut it's very relaxing. Hot face towel, neck massage, and straight edge neck shave come with your haircut and they do a great job.Second, and most importantly, the actual haircut is tremendous. Ask for Jen, she really knows what she's doing and you can tell she takes great pride in her work and is not satisfied unless it's perfect. She goes back over parts and triple-checks to make sure your hair is even and cut perfectly.I highly recommend this place and recommend Jen. A true barbershop is where men should get their haircut to look your best, so you must go to a place that knows men's hair.
4	After my last experience and post, Jim (Owner) had one of his best barbers (Stella) bring me back in to 'fix' the terrible haircut I had received. She was very professional, took one look at my hair and completely agreed with my concerns. She did the best she could to straighten it out, although it was close to a military butch cut (Not what I wanted) at least V's did what they could to make it right. The owner has been diligent about staying in contact with me and is even sending coupons for my son and I to get our hair cut for free during our next visit. So, I highly recommend making an appointment in advance.I am willing to give V's another chance and have updated my rating based on the great customer service that, quite frankly,
5	Great Man environment to get your hair cut. LCD tvs at every station with ESPN playing and friendly, experienced barbers.
5	I had a not so pleasurable experience at V's barbershop.  It wasn't a V's issue but an employee not caring about his job. The owner of V's Jim Valenzuela contacted me personally immediately.  He resolved the issue and I am a customer for life.  Their concern for my bad experience shows what a top notch place this is.   One bad experience does not delete probably 50 great ones and this proves why they are the best.
5	Very good place to get your hair cut. I haven't had a great hair cut like this in a while. Service is nice and the place is well kept.Plus they did this weird massage with a machine......well i guess you have to find out. G APPROVED.
5	Definitely a great place to get a hair cut!  I have been going to the same place for 5 years and was nervous about switching barbers but I wanted something closer to the house.  I must say VERY impressed!  Jerome was very personable and I would recommend him to anyone.
1	Walk-ins not welcome: I would have loved to have gotten a haircut here while in from New York on vacation, but after being told for nearly an hour that I was next in line I was done waiting and left. Nobody really seemed to care, and I certainly won't be wasting my time trying again.
4	My husband and 2 sons go to V's for their haircuts, and we have been very satisfied.  Stella is very professional, accommodating and sweet!
4	We love V's.My husband had been having trouble finding a good barber, and we ran across the V's location near our house in Arcadia - it looked like a pretty cool, manly spot and he liked it! Since then, our small son has gotten big enough to need haircuts (and I am not the one to give them to him)We tracked down the closest V's here in the East Valley and have been so pleased with this location. It is in a strip mall (like pretty much every business ever in Arizona) and has a decent number of stations set up with cushy chairs and flat panel TVs.We brought my son for his first haircut and he was terrified of course, but they did a great job - the ladies here are very nice and seem accustomed to dealing with kids. They gave him a classic "little boy" cut and it was perfect. For his first haircut, they did provide a certificate and saved a lock of his hair for us as a keepsake.Since then, we haven't strayed from this V's for any of his haircuts. It is a tradition for he and my husband to go down to the barbershop to get their haircuts together. They have a small "deal" that if they both get haircuts, they get $1 off each haircut. Not something that would make or break anything, but still a nice little incentive that we don't mind! We always go on weekends and it is a bummer that they're not open on Sundays. They can often get busy, but we usually have luck and don't have a terrible wait, even on a Saturday. The TVs are a lifesaver with a little one, as it is a great way to distract him from the noise/scariness of the clippers. My husband has been pleased with his haircuts and is usually quickly in and out. Although V's is a chain, we've noticed some variation from location to location and this one is definitely the best of the bunch from our experience.
4	I needed a haircut while visiting family in Phoenix.  I'm picky about going to a Barber Shop.  I feel that if they don't do straight-razor shaves, then I don't go there. I grew up in parts of Texas where you couldn't find a Barber Shop that didn't do straight razor shaves.  I shave myself with a straight razor.  My regular Barber just outside of Seattle offers the service. I consider the Barber Shop to be one of the last bastions of manliness.  I think that the place should smell like a barber shop.  I think that there should be at least one dude there older than me.  (I haven't reached middle age yet.)So I was a touch apprehensive when I walked in and there was one white haired guy and two ladies cutting hair in the joint.  I did however get a VERY good cut and shave from one of the ladies there.  I got my standard cut (#2 on the sides and back, trim the top.) and a full wet shave, complete with hot and cold towels.  She did two passes on the shave, washed my hair at the end of the cut and shave, and used a back massager on me.All in all I was very impressed, and consider the cost well worth it.  ($45 for the whole deal, if I recall correctly.)
4	Showed up early for my appointment and was sat right away. Martin did a great job giving me a professional haircut and shave. Good service here at this V's, thanks guys!
5	great place and great team!!
4	Could have been five stars but there was a bit of a language barrier. On Saturdays they don't take appointments and many people wait for a specific person but I called and they said that the wait was only a few minutes.I had looked at the website and they offered something they called the works.Shave, Haircut and Shoeshine. $45So I walk in, hand the shoeshine guy my shoes and walk to the counter to check in.  The girl behind the counter asks me if I want a haircut. I say the works. She says that it will be just a few minutes so sign in. I do and before I write my last name she says Lourdes is ready for me. I go back and she asks "haircut"?  I say no, the works.  I sit down and she asks howI like my haircut? After telling her she goes to work.She does a good job but no shampoo. Then she says your done. I say, I wanted the works. Thinking when something like that happens you are just better off walking a way. Or at least that's my usual experience. But like the trusting fool I am I tell her that I wanted the Works. And the haircut was good. If it sucked that would have been the end.So she proceeds to get me prepped for the shave. I highly recommend it and Lourdes. She did a very good job and took her time. Not a single nick. Especially if you have a pair of shoes that need shining. If not call me and you can take mine in. LOL I rarely get my shoes shined because I'm lazy and cheap.  But they do need it. Far more often that the once very 6 months when I have it done at the airport.I consider myself lucky that I let her continue and The Art of Shaving didn't have a Barber on duty today.Lourdes has only been here 7 weeks but she used to work at the shop at Chandler mall so she isn't a novice. I've seen a couple of reviews on here where people are not at all satisfied with the "new girl". Not sure if that was her but I think she did a good job if it was. I got #4 clipper on the sides. Square neck and trimmed on the top.  No complaints. If my wife complains when she sees it I will update.
5	Went to this location after I became disappointed with their other location on Ray and I10.Ian is the man to see. Very talented and hard working guy. Great service, clean environment. Please update the TVs, the current ones are pathetic.This place gets busy, best to call and make an appointment. It is hard to find a good barber, glad this place exists!
