5	Awesome.  Great service.  Will definitely go back for all my automotive needs!!   Thanks, Matt!!
2	My husband & I were on our way to visit AZ this past Summer from northern CA. Our 2000 Ford broke down in the desert 50 miles outside Phoenix. Triple A towtruck came and the driver guessed it was our alternator. We were staying in Chandler and Triple A advised Gruelich garage. It was about $450 for the repair (new alternator) and we were grateful to have it done that same day. The reason I can only give 2 stars is due to the fact they tried to "upsell" us and say that our brake pads were 90% worn. We declined the additional repair and had our regular mechanic back home inspect the brakes. He removed the 4 tires and had us come look at the brake pads that were fine.
1	I called Greulich's on Greenway and was given an estimate of approximately $280 for replacement of a power steering pump. When I brought the vehicle in I was given a quote of $579 for the same work. I don't expect a phone estimate to be dead accurate but it seemed way out of line. When I questioned it, the price dropped to $289. I had expected a power steering flush to be part of the service but was informed it was an additional $70. After questioning, the flush dropped to $30 because the pump and hoses were already apart. Mike the service writer said it should have a new pulley because the old ones break. I checked with two Ford dealers to see if that was a problem and no one could validate that. Mike the service adviser kept calling me "bud" and "brother"...not very professional and annoying. I was told the car would be done that day. When I called at 5:00 PM the part had not arrived and they would call me back in five minutes. No call back! When I called the next day Mike said the car would be ready at 10:00 AM. I called at 10:00 AM and it was still not ready. The pump they installed was leaking and they would have to order another. Finally at 2:00 PM the repair was done correctly but the pricing confusion and poor follow up make this a place I don't want to visit again.
1	My mom and I have taken our cars to Greulich's on Alma School for years and felt like we got great service but both of us have had bad experiences there as of late.I brought my 97 Accord in because the hydraulics in my clutch linkage had gone out.  They replaced the master and slave cylinder and the problem came back on the drive home.  They replaced it again but during the process, they broke my power steering.  When I went to pick up the car, the clutch was still not in working order.  They replaced it a 3rd time but then managed to screw up returning my car to me two days in a row so by the time I got it back in working order, 5 days had elapsed.   For the inconvenience of 5 days of not having a car, 4 bogus pickup attempts, 0 returned calls and a few broken promises, the manager tried to offer me 3 free oil changes (as if I'd let them work on my car again). 6 weeks later, the clutch linkage is broken again.  Despite the fact that this should clearly be covered under the warranty at Greulich's, I refuse to trust my car in their care.  They don't care about their customers, testing for defective parts, doing a good job or behaving like professionals.  They are avoidant if you have any problems and even their head office doesn't care to return calls to customers (even when the secretary promises they will).Don't take your car here.
4	Although I have taken my vehicle here on previous occasions with satisfactory results, I am appalled that I am leaving today after paying over $200 to simply have a new battery installed. After being charged $40 to have them diagnose what I explained to them to be a dead battery that I had to jump twice in the past three days, they proceeded to add another $20 on top of that for labor, $25 to the already $100 retail cost of the battery, and $15 in shop supplies and waste disposal to my total. Needless to say although they were quick and provided quality service, it came at a premium cost that I will not be returning to pay again.*** 2/3/2014 Update *** I am pleased to report that although the battery I purchased here 15 months ago wouldn't start my vehicle this past weekend, since it was still within the 18 month warranty period it was originally purchased on they did end up replacing it for me this morning and in the process earned one additional star to my review!
1	Horrible customer service by Matt. Guy has no people skills. Always tried to talk over us and doesn't listen before he spoke. Took vehicle there for stalling issue. Took them three trys to fix it. Matt had the vehicle over 15 business days and two weekends total. Claimed it needed $800 fuel pump first time in, so we said replace it. Next day vehicle stalls out again at an intersection. Very embarrassing and problematic.  Back to Matt. Then he tells us it will need $450 ignition module. We goto napa, same place grueluchs gets their parts, and it $142 out the door. Are you kidding me Matt!!! Check every estimate he gives you or better yet run from this place! Front office Matt is not trustworthy, doesn't listen, and his shop can't fix a common problem on a Buick.Finally got smart and took the car to San Tan Ford, they fixed the problem in under 2 hours and for $150.  Said it was a common problem with that type of vehicle and all repair shops should know it.  Glad I spent over $1000 and Gruelchs didn't even fix the problem.  Thanks Matt.....Take your car somewhere else, anywhere but here!!
1	Ridiculously expensive and I feel like I was ripped off.  I was charged close to $100 to diagnose my  vehicle. Additionally, I was given an estimate of $700 to fix the vehicle with statements implying it could be much, much higher depending on the extent of the repairs. I really wish I had known they were going to charge me so much just to hook a computer up to it and diagnose it.  I would have found another repair shop, and could easily have found one that would do a free, if not much lower cost diagnosis. Took my vehicle to Josh at Family Auto, on Arizona in Chandler, who fixed it for under half the cost of Greulich"s estimate. He was also appalled that they charged so much just to diagnose the vehicle.
5	Always good service and pretty decent cost. The guys working there seem honest and won't force a repair on you if you don't really need one.
5	We were very happy with the price & time it took. Mark helped us & was great to us. They did not try to push any services on us either. We will go back.
5	I had my car towed here, thinking I lost my transmission in my ten yr old car. I cannot remember the last time I felt I could trust someone not to rip me off where my car is concerned. But I highly recommend this place!! It turns out my transmission had a broken pin, and Joe worked hard to find a place that would sell him just the pin and not the entire $800 part (plus $300 in labor)  that the pin is attached to. He was only able to get one close in size --but shaved it down to fit my car! I am a teacher, living paycheck to paycheck. They saved me hundreds of dollars because they took the time to do this. My bill was only $260, and I could not be happier with the service and dedication of the people at this location. If you need car repairs --go see Joe at the Alma School location! I will be a repeat customer for sure. It's so great to meet people who instill trust in you that you are not being taken advantage of and that they are working to help you, not rob you. You don't see that every day!  Thanks Joe!
