4	Took the time to drop by Marshalls the other day in search of some clothing and wanted to point out a few difference I noticed in this store.  Firstly, the great thing about this Marshalls is the close proximity to my house.  Secondly, the selection is better organized and makes me feel saturated with more choices at this location.  Overall, Marshalls is the same as almost all other locations with a couple of extra pro's (another being Nordstrom's Rack next door).
4	It's close it's cheap and the girl found three cute pairs of shoes for $150.. There never seems to be enough employees to keep everything straight so shopping requires some digging and a little observation skills but overall you can't beat the prices. Oh ya The Bean found some sandals for $12. woohoo new pool shoes.
5	Nevermind that Nordstrom Rack next door. Right down the street from my house, Me and some friends have caught some serious steals from this place. And I ain't talking about some measly pair of boxers either! The SO has been able to grab some decent stuff inna pinch as well. Its organized, but I wish they had more men's clothing.
5	I live quite close to this mall, so i'm here lots. (hello, ULTA!!) I wandered into Nordstrom's Rack and was unimpressed, walked to Marshall's and LOVED it!I'm a purse freak. Marshall's is organized, color-coded and a STEAL for great bags! I love the fact they have a brand, "Rosetti" that will make the same style purse in different colors. I've already bought 2, and will buy more, if more colors are made.The gormet food/cooking section never fails to surprise me with cool goodies. A mason jar of gourmet popcorn kernels (White Cat) was only $4.99, and they were excellent. Nice big fluffy popcorn was made, and I had to buy a second jar it was that good.I will AWALYS find stuff to buy here!!
5	This is the mecca of great deals. I LOVE coming here...whether it be for kids clothes, toys, housewares, shoes, clothes for me or just killing time because I can't think of anything better to do. The staff here is really friendly (again...its amazing how far a smile and cheerful attitude go) and always remember my family (mom often comes along to browse). You must realize that this place is hit or miss (hits happen more often than not) and you need a good hour to 3 hours to go through all the stuff....but when you find something cool (example: found the coolest Beatles baseball style t-shirt for $7.99) and that happens to be at a great price...it feels better than getting something fancy and full price. You walk around with almost a sense of superiority because you found something that's badass without breaking the bank...hahahaha to all the girls out there who shelled out big bucks for that designer outfit (ok ok...that might just be sour grapes :P )
3	Okay store, not the best selection, certainly not the worst.  Staff leaves much to be desired, but cashiers are nice.
4	This is a nice bargain shopping store.  I love that it's in the Silverado shopping center with Target and the Rack.  Makes it very easy to shop at inexpensive stores in a close proximity!  I've found just about everything here...home goods, shoes, dresses, business clothes, lingerie, men's shirts, and baby gifts.  My favorite thing at Marshalls...their $1 reusable bags!  Very cute designs!  I know I'll be going back there just to get more bags!
5	Marshalls is an afforadable store that I love. The clothes that are sold in this store are what I buy at the malls. It is very inexpensive, and plus the clothes are beautiful. It is spacious and large. Im sooooo soooo happy it is near the target plaza, because it is much easier for me to buy things.
5	Of all the Marshalls I've visited in this city, this one seems to have the best selection.  I always walk out of here feeling like I've scored some kind of deal.  Sure, there's the typical smattering of poor-quality teenybopper castoffs, but if you look long and hard, I'm sure you'll find something good.  I don't think I've ever left without buying something, even if I was "just going in for a minute."  I found a purse here once that I admired (for almost three times the price) at Nordstrom.  I also got a pair of bright blue flats on clearance for $8 that I almost bought for $60 at DSW.  Back in my home state of Missouri, Marshalls isn't as well-regarded or as well-stocked as it is here, so it took me a looooong time to discover the beauty of this store.  Now I'm there waaaaaaay too often.  I'm gonna need a second job!
5	Love this store for home shopping steals and deals!!!Always find something unique and fun to buy for the house... Truly can be additicing though!  lolThanks for the creative concept and fun shopping experinces!
4	My favorite thing about Marshall's is the shoe department and this one does not disappoint. Rows and rows of brand name shoes and a sizable clearance section make my shoe-aholic self tingle with anticipation. I don't frequent this location since it's clear on the other side of town from where I live, but when I'm in the area I always like to check it out for deals. Definitely clean and organized as well, which is a plus.
4	This store is awesome when you take the time to look through the racks.  I always shop in the clearance first.  Whether it being for business attire, casual clothing, shoes, home goods, hair care, or electronic items.  You really can find some treasures in here for a really great deal.  I come here at least once a month so I can surprise myself with the new things they bring in, or should I say, markdown
1	HorribleUsed to loving shopping here till 2 managers accused be of being a thief !  They r jerkoffs!  I had bought a flat iron and it wasn't working properly so I went to return it. They kept telling me it didn't match the box and I was like well that's how I purchased it. Obviously someone had previously returned this item because they hassled me like a thief. I'm a mother of 3 and the last thing on my mind is doing a scam!!  The manager outright says I put them on the shelf and they weren't these colors!  I'm like I don't care what u say stop insinuating that I stole it!  Like I have nothing better to do than return shit at Marshall's. They lost a weekly customer
4	Sometimes when I get too lazy to drive all the way to town square, the fashion show mall, or galleria mall to get my retail therapy fixed.  I'll just stop by Marshalls since its 5 minutes away from where I live.I find great tops & shoes almost every time I am there.  I think Marshalls has made become a shoe-aholic but I resist my temptations on buying shoes that I probably wont wear. The store is somewhat organized. One must be patience to go through the racks and look at the clothes one at a time because trust me you can find an AMAZING top/jeans/jacket/etc for a great price. Also, I found a great case for my ipad3 &  a yoga mat.  There are some awesome home decor & cheap essie nail-polish there (if your into nail-polishes).
4	I say its a hit or a miss.It depends. Sometimes you find A GREAT deal.. .and other times i walk out empty handed.. Usually can find some clothing item. Somethings i find to be a little over priced..  especially when it is not name brand. They have great housewares! Pots pans, utensils! And luggage.. GREAT as well. If your a purse fan this might be the place for you they always have a large selection!    Shoes.. a hit or miss too. sad they dont always have my size when i find the one i like and must have! You need to have patience to go thru the clothing racks with it not being as organized  as they could be..  breathe and take it on, you just may find just what your looking for with a great deal!
4	There is always a good deal here.
5	If you're looking for discount merchandise that feels like luxury, this store is your best bet. Yes, there are competitors, but this store always has something I love at incredible prices!The store is clean, well stocked and always has amazing name brands. The only problem I have is that there aren't always enough in my size, but I understand why. You can find anything in this store, and I do mean anything. From picture frames, to kitchen tools, to decorative pillows, baby clothes/shoes, anything for your decor, rugs, lamps, you name it! It's like a mini-Macy's in this place!The employees here, also, are fabulous. Helpful and always ask how I'm doing. I really enjoy being in stores where people actually like their job. That's becoming more rare (but not here!). The manager is also spectacular. I see him all the time when I shop here. He doesn't just sit in an office lording over everyone. If it's busy he opens up a register and stars moving the line forward. He's also always so cheerful, I love seeing him! He even offered me a discount on a sweater with a miniscule snag (that I probably did) and I didn't even ask! Nice guy!I love this store. I'm always surprised by the rotation of clothes, I can go once a week and find a ton of new things. You should stop by here, the things they have are quality!
5	This location has the most variety and is usually very clean and organized. LOVE this store.
1	Ran in here looking for shoes for my daughter and where able to find some.  Why they got only 1 star is because of the line and that all three cashiers seemed to have to all be at one register and helping each other.  Joanne, Elliott and another elder lady stood infront of register 4 looking confused as they tried to help a gentleman it wasn't until Barbara walked up that anyone thought to call for help.  The line had to be at least 20 customers long.
4	I love finding deals and going through these places often yield the best results. I am on the hunt for the best deals to furnish a house. Instead of breaking the bank at other interior design options, I would rather dig through the junk to find a few solid pieces. Sometimes they have artworks that are nice. It is more hit and miss compared to other places, but when you do find the right piece, it is worth it.
3	We came to Silverado Ranch Plaza looking for Nordstrom Rack only to find out that it moved. *shakes fist* We came here more as a consolation. Not one of the best Marshall's I have ever been to but I got a Columbia fleece hoodie thing and another workout top.
3	Marshalls is always a hit or miss when finding that perfect item.  This location is clean but when you walk into this store, realize you might spend a lot of time going through the racks and racks of clothing.   Don't get me wrong.  I love finding bargains and deals on cute clothes.  If the husband isn't with me, much time can be spent here.  I usually find something that I need to try on.  The lady working the fitting rooms is always pleasant and happy.  On certain occasions you may even see her dancing along to the store music!  She certainly is having fun. The checkout clerks are also very friendly to me.  A few of them have been very talkative and helpful.   So like I said, hit or miss but I'm usually walking out of the store with bags in hand!
2	I feel like they went from a discount store to a pretend discount store. After a recent remodel their prices have gone up substantially. I loved shopping there for dresses and the last time I went the dresses I were looking at were close to $40. That price is basically what I would pay at Dillard's or Tilly's. I prefer Ross much more.
5	I shop here a lot! Love their dresses , shoes and purses. They are always getting new stuff in asks have a great clearance section. I also use my TJ Maxx reward card too!
2	2 stars for the selection of clothing and home goods. -3 for sales and management teams. Both are extremely rude. As one of the few nice people that actually work here was ringing me up, there wasn't a price tag on one of my items. It was taking a while for home goods to reply which was fine to me because at least the cashier was apologizing for the wait. However, this mean, horribly rude lady with an accent who I presume is of management level came over and started yelling at the new trainee in front of us, ignoring us in the process. Very poor management for handling the situation. I felt bad for the cashier to have to work with this kind of person. I wish I got her name to complain further thru corporate because that is not who you act towards your employees & in front of a guest. Very unprofessional. What is worse is that there is more than 1 of these kind of employees that work here. Will still return here just for the selections, however I will keep a look out for the horrible employees.
1	The person they are calling their manager here has horrible customer service. He gave us an awful look and a very bad attitude. I would suggest going to any other store but here.
