4	The Front Desk staff is super nice and always accomodates my schedule. I've had eyebrow waxing and massages here and loved everything! I recommend this place highly!
4	I've now visited Voci Spa twice, each time for a prenatal massage. I've had a great experience each time. Services are very reasonably priced, the atmosphere is very clean and tranquil and the actual massages were soooo relaxing. The ladies up front are really helpful too -- I purchased a gift certificate over the phone for my grandma's mothers day and they made it very easy for me. My grandma is really picky about massages (it's difficult for her to get on and off the table, she worries, the therapist will use too much pressure, etc) and thankfully, she absolutely loved her experience here, too. I'd say this is a reliable place to go for a great massage! I have absolutely no complaints whatsoever about this place -- parking is easy and it's in a lovely shopping center, so you can browse the cute little boutiques or enjoy lunch after your massage. Next time I'm visiting my family in Charlotte, I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Although there are SO many places in and around Charlotte, and Voci is a standing classic. This is my FAVORITE and best experienced massage loca in the QC. I have only had one particular therapist, Mary R. She is phenomenal people! Voci actually made a mistake years back, scheduled me for a neuromuscular instead of a swedish. BEST mistake ever! Now that is all I go for... you will not regret scheduling a massage with Mary R!
4	I love this place in Stonecrest. It's just big enough to still be intimate and the staff does a good job of making you feel special. Mary Rust is the best and I always go to her. I usually just do a half hour massage on my back because that's usually all you need with her. There were several times I needed her to do a deep tissue in order to really push the lactic acid out and each time her hands performed magic. I recommend Mary to all my friends. I'm sure there are other good people there as well and to be honest, I recommend you try some of the others so that I can still get in with Mary!
5	LOVE this place!!!  BEST spa in Charlotte, hands down!!!  I came here on a whim looking for a gift certificate for my aunt and fell in love with this place.  The staff, both professional and behind the desk, were so helpful and nice.  They were extremely knowledgeable and you could tell they all really wanted to help.   In terms of the service experience, my Aunt and I absolutely loved it and have been back on a regular basis for all different kinds of services.  I can't thank the Spa staff enough for making us feel comfortable there... we love getting services but had trouble finding a spa that wasn't intimidating or pretentious which I can say the Voci Spa is not!  This has been such a wonderful experience for us.... THANK YOU!!!
5	LOVE this place!!!  BEST spa in Charlotte, hands down!!!  I came here on a whim looking for a gift certificate for my aunt and fell in love with this place.  The staff, both professional and behind the desk, were so helpful and nice.  They were extremely knowledgeable and you could tell they all really wanted to help.   In terms of the service experience, my Aunt and I absolutely loved it and have been back on a regular basis for all different kinds of services.  I can't thank the Spa staff enough for making us feel comfortable there... we love getting services but had trouble finding a spa that wasn't intimidating or pretentious which is the complete opposite of the Voci Spa.  This has been such a wonderful experience for us.... THANK YOU!!!
5	Go to Coreen, she is such a sweetheart. I loved my first experience, got a power peel. Felt great. Looking forward to my next visit.
1	This review is strictly on the Botox injections I received at Voci Spa. I know nothing else about their services like massages and facials so those may be great. My Botox experience has not been pleasant at all. I got in at the last minute with their most "seasoned" Botox injector. She spent plenty of time w me discussing her credentials and how she does things. I was very clear in my expectations about wanting my crows-feet taken care of. She suggested we do something like 10 units on each side including below the eyelid, right on top of my cheek where I have some fine lines as well. I told her I was hesitant bc I had heard it shouldn't be placed there due to lower eyelid swelling which can cause bags and even weaken your cheek a bit which could cause a slight sagging. I've been told this by other injectors. She assured me that would not be the case and encouraged me to do it. She said they charge by the unit which is what I was told when I initially called. This is not exactly precise. They charge by the Botox syringe or vial. Basically she said I would need 8-10 on each side so I had to purchase two syringes/vials meaning I'd have left over product.She said she'd "find somewhere else to place the extra" so I wouldn't waste it but I declined. I told her I wanted to go conservative this first time and maybe later I could come back for more vs using it just to use it. It was a turn off bc I was actually paying per area and not really per unit as I had been told. Anyway, she injected around my eyes including underneath. I bruised badly underneath my right eye (which has never happened before) and both lower lids immediately swelled which produced bags & extra lines. My concerns had been valid and I should've listened to my gut. I respect her many years in the business but that does not mean she is a good injector. A good injector takes into account the potential compensatory muscle movement and or swelling too in this case that can just give you a new problem whilst getting rid of another. The bruise goes away quickly but the bags don't and trust me Botox can cause bags underneath the eyes for sure- especially when too much product is used. Don't let anybody tell you differently. The bags may improve as the Botox where's off but while the fluid is there it's just stretching out that delicate skin and I can do nothing about it. The risk of placing it under the eye is just not warranted. Now I just wait for months to see if the bags improve. So frustrating. Listen to your gut people!
5	Today I tried someone new, and she did a great job.  She even bumped up my micro peel to a better one! I have been going to voci for 16 years!
5	I visited Voci yesterday for injectable fillers. Wonderful experience and, even though the Botox will take several days to kick in, I can already see a very positive difference in the areas of my face that were worked on. Sheila was my nurse and she is extremely experienced. She can tell immediately what needs to be done to improve the lines and contours of your face. I cannot recommend Sheila enough. She also gave  options so I could spend  a little less or a little more, but she clearly explained where work definitely needed to  be done. I will be visiting Sheila and Voci  whenever I need more help.
1	I feel rather sheepish writing this update. I was very impressed with my nurse, Sheila, who had year of experience and new ideas about what to do with drooping corners of my mouth and eyes. After ten days, there is improvement, but not what I was hoping for. I am disappointed. I had always gone to a dermatologist for Botox or other fillers and always got the results I was expecting.My husband also had Sheila use Botox on his prominent forehead lines, lines between the eyes, and crows feet. His forehead shows definite improvement, though one line is still quite noticeable, only one side of his crows feet are better, but the lines between his eyes are as deep as ever. He is very disappointed and refuses to use Voci Spa again.I am wondering about the quality of the Botox used, how fresh it is, if it is indeed what is used in a dermatologist's office, or if it has had other ingredients added to it. The price was $10 per unit, which is about right, though many places charge $12.I still think Sheila is great at knowing where and what to inject, but if management's policy is to use a less effective product, then expertise can't possibly make up the difference. I doubt I will return to Voci myself. Like my husband, I'll be looking for a derm's office who specializes in injectables. I am sorry I had to write this second review after my initial enthusiasm and hopefulness.
5	Today I had a pedicure and a gel manicure. Wow!! Theresa was amazing. She knows all the steps and the right spots for massage. Excellent. I'd have to say, it was the best mani/pedi I've ever received. Theresa is very easy to talk too and didn't rush through which helps the client enjoy every single minute. She even used a clear sonic on my feet!!! What?? Yup you heard it right. I almost feel asleep twice and told her she should be a masseuse. Book now, thank me later
5	I ordered a Gift Card online and was so impressed with not only the speed in which the card arrived, but the packaging. It was a touch of class, beautiful box with ribbon.  Voci also included a holiday manicure as well so I get to give a gift and receive a gift as well.  They definitely have two thumbs up from this customer!
