3	I like Failtes. It's smaller than the other pubs in the area and unlike the other university student filled pubs on the King St. strip this pub tends to attract the locals. It has a small courtyard in the back and the staff are really friendly.  Tuesdays and Wednesdays there's live music.They also have specials on food and beer most nights:Tuesday - Half Price WingsWednesday - $3.00 shots or bottles of Keiths $3.50 burgersFriday - Buy one get one free fish dinner (4-6pm) & Two pints of Irish Beer for $10.00 (Guiness, Harp, Kilkenny)Sunday - $2.49 Caesars & Domestic Pitcher & 2lbs wings for $20.00Failtes is part of the Molly Blooms Chain (I think they're up to 8 pubs now).They use to have quiz night, but I guess they weren't getting enough of a turn out? If it's something you're really into, call them though, I'm sure they'll bring it back at some point.In my opinion, this cute little house turned pub is a great place to put a couple back.
1	We went on a fairly slow Tuesday night, early-ish, for half-price wings and a couple of pints. The waiter was friendly when he was actually around, but after taking our order for wings he disappeared and served the patio crowd, despite the fact that we were the only sit-down table in the pub. We didn't see him again until well into our time there; I had to go up to the bar and ask for blue cheese dip and celery/carrots to go with our wings.Failtes is also known as being a very authentic Irish pub with a great atmosphere, but the music piped into the place was awful. Nickelback and something that sounded like heavy metal. At one point it seemed to switch onto some loud spoken-word Dave Chapelle comedy bit, replete with gross language ("you m------f---- b----! f--- you, n-----!") that went on forever. Who wants to hear that in a pub? The wings themselves were pretty good; nothing to write home about and certainly not on par with any wings chain in town. The veggies were limp, a bit spongy and cut very thin, while the blue cheese dip had no actual cheese in it and tasted like bottled salad dressing. The real kicker? Despite the dip and veggie sticks being on the menu as included with all wing orders, we were charged $2 for them on the bill. When I asked a staff member why we were charged for something that was to be "served with" the wings, according to the menu, he said that since it was half-price wings night they charge for it as an extra. This little "extra" wasn't mentioned anywhere on the menu or on any wings-related signage in the pub. What a gouge! I hope my $2 was worth it - after that experience I won't be back, nor will my husband or any of the people I've told about it.
4	This is a great spot for pub food and good beers! Live music is often accompanying the night and the ambience is really cool. Lots of locals, not too many students..It is a bit small but this is helping to create a warm atmosphere too!I like Failte in uptown Waterloo!
