5	This place is a must try...everything is always fresh...service and atmosphere is always great...good prices large portions...One of the few good restaurants around that actually care about their customers and making sure that they have an enjoyable evening and they only serve quality food...make sure to save room for desert....been there 3 times in the past 30 days and always impressed and always tried something different...
4	I recently ate dinner at Alessia's Ristorante Italiano located at 5251 E. Brown Rd in Mesa (yes, Mesa). It is tucked in the corner of a strip mall on the SE corner of Higley and Brown Roads, a few doors down from the Broadway Palm dinner theater. It is a smaller, mom and pop restaurant that serves up all sorts of Italian fare.  Dinner Alessia's is owned and run by Jon and Shari Carr. Shari does all the cooking and Jon kind of runs the rest of the show. It's a very small restaurant with room for maybe 30 or 40 people max inside. They do have a patio area as well, but this time of year it's a bit chilly for dining al fresco. The decor is pretty bland, but that is just fine for a local eatery. Alessia's is a cozy place and you will definitely get some personal attention from Jon. The wine list is nice and features all Italian wines. That helps with the authenticity, but I would personally like to see a focus on Italian wines, but still have some offerings from other wine producing areas of the world. The wine prices are reasonable (1.5x - 2x retail) and there are a fair number of them by the glass. We ordered a bottle of 2003 Santome Raboso ($48). This is a very lush wine. Rich fruit, leathery, and very well composed on the palate. Raboso reminds me of really good Cab Sav with some Merlot added for rounded structure. Alessia's menu offers all the pasta types you would expect, but what I liked is that you can also get just about any type of sauce on those pasta dishes. There are also meat and seafood based entrees as well. The appetizer selection is small, but the choices are pretty solid. Prices are reasonable with apps being $6 - $10 and all larger plates being under $22 (many are under $15). We split an appetizer, a pasta dish, and an entree. Here is a rundown of the items in the order we ate them:Crostini ai Porcini - These were small pieces of grilled bread with fresh mozzarella on them and then topped with sauteed porcini mushrooms and herbs. It was very tasty, but there was so much garlic sauteed with the mushrooms that it kind of detracted from an otherwise delicious appetizer. We still ate it all and it was good we shared it as I could feel the garlic oozing out of my pores afterwards, so I knew I wouldn't be the only one warding off vampires that evening. Gnocchi with Creamy Gorgonzola Sauce - This dish resulted in a good news/bad news situation. The good news was that the gorgonzola sauce was very tasty. Rich and creamy with a nice bite from the gorgonzola. The bad news is that the gnocchi were just OK. They tasted undercooked, like a pasta that is too al dente. They weren't bad, but the fresh bread dipped in the gorgonzola sauce was making us smile more than the potato dumplings were.  Pollo Erbe - Two chicken breasts served in a red sauce with rosemary, sage, garlic, onions, and basil. The chicken was wonderful; very moist and the sauce was great. I would definitely order this again. This came with a choice of a salad or pasta. We got the salad, but if I could use the "way back machine", I would have taken pasta on the side with the chicken and then bypassed the gnocchi for a salad course. Live and learn :) Overall, the meal was very pleasant. The service was good and Jon makes the patrons feel at home with his sense of humor. The food arrives at a casual pace and that was just fine with us as we were enjoying each course without being rushed. Final TakeAlessia's is a great neighborhood eatery where you can get a good meal at a decent price. Yes, there are things I would change here and there on the menu, but overall the restaurant delivers exactly what you'd expect from a locally owned Italian restaurant. And to this Foodie, that is reason enough to dine there.Overall Grade = B (Good)The EV Foodie
4	Alessia's is a good privately owned Italian restaurant. If you are not a fan of the typical corporate large joints that rustles you in and out like cattle, then this is a must try.Good food, good selection, fair prices, portions just right for my big appetite.Service was good with attention to detail such as knowing his menue by heart including every dishes ingredients and how it was prepared.This was important to me as my wife suffers from certain food alergens. Only disappointment was the microwaved bread as to make appear as it just had came out of the oven. They should use the oven to re heat it instead, nothing wrong with re heating the bread. The microwave makes it rubbery and tough as it cools.Good job over all. this was my first time and yes I will return again.Well done.
5	Incredible gem of a restaurant in Mesa. In close proximity to Matta's so was a challenge to give up the local standard in order to try something different.  So glad we did! The restaurant has a quaint charm and the owner welcomes each of his customers personally.  The waitress was attentive, but not overbearing. The special was spinach lasagna with Gorgonzola cheese.  Apparantly, the specials rotate on a weekly basis and this one may not surface again for 3 months. Best lasagna we have had out here! I got on the mailing list to be notified when we can come back and enjoy it again.  We finally found our Italian spot in the valley.  Jon, the owner teased us on the way out, "see you tomorrow. " He may be doing exactly that!
5	This restaurant is incredible, and has the best pasta carbonara and the best tiramisu I've had in my life. All the food is wonderful, though. The calamari is not fried. The bread served with dinner comes right out of the oven, and the tomatoes are the freshest I've tasted outside of my mom's own garden. This is great attention to detail.I can no longer eat at any other Italian restaurant without feeling slighted. This is the first place I want take out-of-town visitors I'm looking to impress.The owner, Jon, is helpful, friendly, and really cares about providing a positive dining experience. He's spot on with his wine recommendations, and he organizes wine tasting events which you can find out about by joining the mailing list or Facebook page.
5	I like Italian food. It's probably the only food I will take home, because the left overs are usually just as good the next day!It's kinda sad that Alessia's is SO good that I don't even have left overs! We started off with bread and this amazing vinaigrette/oil combo. It was the best mixture I've ever had. For dinner, I had fettuccine with a homemade white sauce that was so creamy and filled with flavor, I couldn't believe it. The chicken I added was crisp and the spices used on the chicken complimented the white sauce nicely.Side note: the owner (who served us) is a bit of a pompous...I'm thinking it has to do with the pride he has with his food/cultural differences...but still, brace yourself if he's there when you go otherwise he might ruin the food experience by his attitude.Come, enjoy, and get fat! :}
5	Unfortunately the creative juices are not kicking in this morning, but I had to put up some type of review because having this place at 4 stars is a travesty.  What a stellar experience my girlfriend and I had on Saturday!  The decor was nice, it probably seems old-fashioned to some but I loved the blue tablecloths with white brick inside.  The bread was fine but not quite worth raving over, and the oil/vinaigrette(balsamic vinegar?) was just ordinary.  Everything thereafter was phenomenal however, starting with a calamari appetizer for 9.75, a good number of unbreaded ( thankfully! ) rings of chewy goodness swimming in a sea of garlicky red sauce.  My cioppino was similar except with whitefish, mussels, shrimp, clams, and capers in the sauce, which gave it a delightful bite to it for 21.00, and the 3 slices of garlic toast was woefully insufficient to sop up every drop of sauce.  Thankfully bread re-fills are there for that!  My girlfriend's Gorgonzola Gnocchi for 16.00 was RIDICULOUSLY good, and I normally hate those who unnecessarily capitalize but I can't help it, I can't think of any other way to convey to the reader how AWESOME this was.  Creamy, and even tangy somehow, cheesy perfection on perfectly cooked potatoey goodness.  Finally the tiramasu for 6.95 was a revelation on how tiramasu should be, with the perfect cocoa/booze/biscuit ratio to end our meal on an even higher note.  My iced tea was 2.50 as well but I don't recall seeing it on my bill.  It made the tip look better at $70 at least, go 30%! ( I almost never do that).Man, just awesomely awesome, my style and humor are out the window this morning unfortunately, but I do love this place already.
5	The. Best. Ever.The owner's are amazing - friendly, warm, and talented!! Recommendations are great, and they'll also try new things, which always end up amazing.I recommend this place to everyone I know who ever travels within 50 miles of this place...it is a must try!
4	Great food. Impeccable service. Weird location.
5	This is my first review and a well deserved one! Alessia's is by far the BEST Italian restaurant I have found in the valley (take that from a Chicago girl!!!). The Bruschetta....TO DIE FOR....They shave the tomatoes into thin slices that taste like they were picked directly out of the garden...The bread and oil and balsemic vinegar...amazing..the bread is so moist and piping hot....The owner was serving us and was so knowledgeable!!! He picked out a wine for me based on a vague description of what I like. It was right on spot! I ordered Fettucine Alfredo and the owner was straight up and honest with me stating, "Alfredo is wonderful, but if you're looking for incredible, you have to try the Pasta Carbonera" OH MY GOSH WAS HE RIGHT....Best creamy pasta dish with fresh bacon and so many flavors! We ended the meal with the melt in your mouth Tiramisu....This is the first of many visits for me and the owner informed me of a wine tasting they do for $18...COUNT ME IN!
5	Best food & wine in Mesa!
5	The food is Awesome!  Make the trip!
5	It has been at least 4 years since we went here for dinner. Happily, it's still the best Italian in Mesa - maybe in the valley. What a great place.  The lamb was perfect, veal superb.   They have an extensive wine list and the owner is always there to welcome you and help with questions.
4	Best Italian food I have had. Carbonara and alfredo are excellent accented with the homemade sausage. I agree that this place is located in an odd place. After you eat here you won't believe this place is located in a strip mall. Would have given five stars but kinda slow with the entrees and the check.
5	Great food!!!  We couldn't make up our mind so we ordered way more food then we could eat, but every bit of it was good.  Jon the owner is very informative an tries to make the atmosphere that of a large family gathering....IMO....some people my not care for that, but we loved it an ended up sharing our wine with the table next to us.  We can't wait to go back!  Thanks for a great dinner!
5	WOW!  Just about sums this place up..  My husband & I had stumbled across this place one evening when we were dining at a nearby fast food chain and said we'd have to try it out sometime.  So, one night we did and it was nothing short of AWESOME in all aspects from the greeting we received by the hostess to the waiter to the ambiance.  It is very quaint, authentic and romantic.  It is tucked in the corner of a shopping plaza and what it lacked in size, it made up in all the things that matter the most (food, service, wine selection, etc.).  Our waiter owns this resturant with his wife, who is the Head Chef.  Their hostess, a young lady was FANTASTIC, she was warm, welcoming, friendly and professional, very sweet demeanor.  Our waiter was extremely knowledegable about the wine and food selections and had a very relatable, easy going personality, but maintained the right amount of professionalism, we felt like we were dining at a 5 star la-ti-da kinda resturant.  The food was nothing short of amazing, you could taste the fresh ingredients and its pure authenticity.  Even when I didn't think I could eat another bite, I couldn't stop myself, I wanted MORE!  The bottle of wine the waiter helped us to select was a great selection for our very different paletes, a little bit of sweet for me and a lil' twinge of dry for my husband, pure bliss in a glass!  I highly recommend Alessia's to anyone, we will DEFINITELY be back!  Also, just a tip sign up for their weekly email, they are a wine distributor and hold free wine tastings.
5	Alessia's is, by and large, the number one hidden gem in Mesa. We moved to Mesa three years ago and stumbled upon Alessia's while we were exploring our new neighborhood.  First-the owner is who he is.  We love his engaging personality and off-color humor.  I get that some people may not like it, but he keeps us entertained and gives the restuarant a down-home feel.The bread is to die for.  Excellente!  And the food...I had been in search of true Gnocchi since I got back from a visit with my mom in Italy years ago.  She lives near Naples and snuck me into an amazing cafe there where I experienced...I mean truly experienced gnocchi for the first time.  I will never forget the moment, the smells, the sounds, the taste.  Food that is so delicately prepared has a way to imbed itself in a person's memory.  It happened for me one day in Naples.  And, years later, it happened again in a small ristorante in Mesa.  I'm not a huge Tiramisu fan, but my other half is, and he tells me the Tiramisu at Alessia's is some of the best he has ever had.  For the money, you will not get a better experience of true, Italian food and fun-loving service.  I highly recommend Alessia's to one and all....
3	Very strip mall looking restaurant in a "L" corner configuration which i am sure was challenging for the owners to set up.  Outdoor seating is available, but lacked any great pull to have you want to sit outside - no view, especially you are fenced away.Staff are very friendly and co-owner John made his way through the tables to say hello.  One issue with the staff, we must have had at least 6 different folks serve and clear that may have been because it was later at night.We ordered three pasta dishes - 1. thanksgiving lasagna (the special) - not a big fan and really could discern the tastes of the ingredients, for all the push it wasn't worth the order2. spinach ravioli - the sauce had separated and was greasy3. tortellini Bolognese - was pretty goodI would rate the food a little above Maggiano's or Olive Garden.Wine list is good and prices are not bad.
4	I went to Alessia's on a Friday night with my best friend. After reading the reviews I expected it to be unbelievably busy since it was a Friday night. When I came was a ghost town. I had only heard of this restaurant form reviews so I was on the fence about actually going and leaving the comfort of the usual chain restaurants. One thing that already had me maybe rethinking going there was its location. It is nestled in a tiny little corner on Brown road and Higley. I found it very hard to find since there were no signs. Personally, if I'm having trouble finding the restaurant I probably won't like the food. Boy was I wrong! Alessia's is as if you were actually in Italy itself. It puts Olive Garden to shame! As soon as we walked in the atmosphere was very warming, the seating area was a little small but there was a large outside patio seating area to make up for it. The staff is very polite and attentive, catering to you every need. Our waiter was entertaining and knowledgeable about the menu items and where in Italy they originated from. One of the things that did turn us off was that the sodas came from soda cans that you could hear them opening in the kitchen. The restaurant wasn't too busy at all, so it was an overall great dinner experience. They had a wide variety of Italian wine. The wait for the food was average and pricing compared to others is slightly higher but it is very much worth it.  It is truly a hidden gem, good food humble restaurant and great food. Alessia's had a very intimate romantic feeling, I probably won't take my best friend there again but I would bring it up to my boyfriend. With all the factors of the experience I'm giving it four out of five stars. The food was the best Italian I've ever had but the one thing that ducted them a star was the difficulty of finding the restaurant. A tip I can give to food-lovers like myself that if you find a place you're dying to go to just do it! I would have never found this amazing place if it weren't for all the great reviews.
5	What a wonderful little treasure to have found!  Absolutely delicious homemade Italian food...
4	Great Italian restaurant.  4.5The service was fantastic. Everyone is working every table so you are never waiting for the next course or a water refill. Wine list is extensive, many glass offerings. Prices for full bottles drink during dinner and 'retail' if you want to take a bottle home. Retail is a few dollars over cost. Mid priced wines ($40-50) are better values. retail spread is lower.Food was fantastic. I had a shrimp pasta (gamberi). The sauce was very light and didn't have a pool of oil or butter at the bottom. My wife had salmon which was delicious and also had a very nice sauce.I will go back again, next time I'm in town.
5	Food was great!! Took a while to get our food but when a table of 12+ people sit before you at a mom n pap place you need to expect that. Food and service A+
2	Alessia's is the biggest disappointment I have found on Yelp. After seeing all the great reviews, I had been wanting to try this place for some time. With so many 5 star reviews and a number of people on here raving about the freshness and quality of the food, I had high hopes. Unfortunately Alessia's didn't live up to the hype. The service was very slow, which I won't hold against them. Most people were sipping wine, so maybe it's their intention to slow it down a bit. The bread is garbage. Probably the worst part of my night there. It tasted like they went across the street to Basha's and bought some rolls that they heated up in the microwave. A good Italian restaurant has to have good bread. The rest of our meal didn't get much better. The pasta we ordered was disappointing. Small portions, small taste, big cost. Definitely not worth the price we paid or the time we waited. The reviews I read did not describe the food I ate. I understand if you love Alessia's for the atmosphere, the wine or maybe because it's hard to find a place like this in Mesa, but the food I ate did not deserve 4.5 stars. It was bad enough that I have no intention of giving Alessia's a second chance. Not the worst I've ever had, just the most disappointing. One last gripe I have is the service. The bad jokes and cheesy Italian don't fit with everything else this place is trying to do. The guy did know his stuff, but he was slow and made me feel awkward more than I'd expect.
2	My husband, brother, and sister-in-law decided to try something new. I'd seen the great reviews for this place so I recommended we give it a try. When we arrived the smell inside was fabulous! I thought "wow, this place must live up to it's yelp reputation". Unfortunately, I was wrong. There wasn't any inside seating so we ended up sitting outside on the patio. It was a little cool outside but they had space heaters so it made it more comfortable. Almost immediately after being seated our water glasses were filled and a plate of oil and vinegar was sat infront of us for the bread. I was thinking that this was going to be a nice dining experience. However it took a good 10-15 minutes for our waiter to appear and briefly introduce himself before rushing to take another tables order. He was a little too chatty for me and seemed like he was trying really hard. Nothing against him, he was a nice guy and I'm sure some people like that in a waiter, but it just isn't my thing. About 5 minutes later some bread arrived which was pretty disappointing. Tasted like store-bought french bread that had been heated in a microwave (after a few minutes of sitting on the plate it became rock hard and crusty). 10-15 minutes later our waiter reappeared to take our orders. He was waiting on the 5 tables outside and kept disappearing inside so I'm assuming he was dealing with tables inside. I understand that he was a little overloaded but it was starting to get a little frustrating that it was taking so long just to get our order in. My husband and I decided to share the Carbonara ($16 plus another $4 split-plate charge which we weren't told about and only realized when we received our bill...a BIG turn off for me!), my brother ordered the special which was some garlic shrimp ravioli in a white sauce ($18), and my sister-in-law ordered the spinach ravioli in a white sauce ($15). I thought it looked a little pricey but figured that if it was good homemade, hearty, filling Italian food then it would be worth it. About 20 minutes later our food finally arrived. My brother's shrimp ravioli looked a little skimpy...only about 7 ravioli on the plate. He said the taste was fine (nothing great) but left still hungry and felt like for the price he was a little shorted. My sister-in-law's portion was also a little small looking...only about 7 or 8 ravioli and she, too, left hungry and feeling shorted. My husband and I each had a small bowl of pasta (since we split it) but were both very disappointed in the taste. It was bland and the pasta was not fresh made (definitely tasted like it came from a box). The panchetta was chewy and a little rubbery, not crisp like I expected. There were big chunks of cooked egg whites in the pasta which means that it wasn't mixed fast enough when the egg was added. Not the biggest deal I guess but for the price I was expecting some amazing home-cooked Italian food. I hate to admit it but I've had better Italian food from a chain restaraunt. When our tickets came we were all left feeling like the price did not match the quality or quantity of food we'd expected. It's one thing to have huge portions and bland food, or to have smaller portions but amazing food; but to have small portions and bland food is disappointing. I had high hopes for this place given the great reviews and in the end felt bad that I had recommended such a bust for our night out. You know it's a bad sign when you leave thinking of over a dozen other places you wish you would've gone instead. I don't think I will ever go back and don't feel like I can recommend it to my friends and family. Overall I'd break the rating down as follows: Food: 3 starsService: 2 starsCost for what you get: 1 star
5	I was visiting for the weekend and found this restaurant searching on my mobile phone, it was incredible! The food and service were the best I ever had. Only came to $50 bucks for two and it should of been $100.
5	We've eaten here twice in the last 4 days and I look forward to coming back again soon.  This little place is a treasure.  Every menu item we've tried has been terrific.  John, part of the husband-wife ownership, will make you feel welcome and will cater to your every need.  The service is attentive and prompt.  We've been all over the country trying to find good cannolis.  Everywhere we go, they are either gritty or soggy.  We've found great cannolis in the Bronx, Long Island and Mesa.  Yes, that's right...at Alessia's.  We just moved to AZ from the SF Bay Area and have quickly found our favorite restaurant.
4	Out in east Mesa you are stuck in a barren desert of chain restaurants and diners that serve the needs of the Octogenarians coming down from the Midwest. Because of these conditions you take what unique and serviceable offerings are out there and you stick to them.  Alessia's is that option for Italian in the area.  The location is the classic strip-mall, something that Arizona has perfected,  and the menu contains the standard Italian dishes from up and down the peninsula.  Solid renditions of the old world originals with not too much in the way of American tampering.
5	The food and service are both great!  Not sure why you'd go to any other Italian chain restaurant with this option.  Definitely plan on coming back, it is a bit unfortunate that we just discovered place.  The cannoli's are delicious.  The East Valley doesn't have many options... enjoy this one.
5	Went here last night with my family. First thing the food is fantastic - everyone was more than ecstatic about everything from the appetizers to the dessert. The service was the best I have had in a very long time.They don't have a children's menu but let me tell you that's a good thing! Everyone's children's menu has the same 5 items and honestly I don't know why the kids don't rebel! My granddaughter (6 yrs old) got to eat grown up healthy food for dinner. The staff (including the owner) were very attentive to the whole table but I have to say they made my granddaughter feel like a million bucks. They gave her a coloring book and crayons and told her they were having a coloring contest. She did her picture, they took it to the front and hung it on the podium. As we walked out to leave as soon as she went through the door the whole bar cheered for her and told her she won the contest!We will be back again and again and again.
5	Excellent food at reasonable prices. Great service. Didn't have wine with dinner, but they have a huge selection.
4	The food was excellent.  Nice selection of food.  I truly enjoyed the atmosphere.   Additionally the staff were very polite and around frequently enough to provide great service.
5	This restaurant is quality in every aspect! I walked in the small front door and was greeted by a sweet hostess who did not lose her composure when I stated i would be dining alone (the single diner always throws serving staff and hostesses a slight curve ball to test their reaction and with family and friends all out of down I was flying solo!) she offered me the option to sit inside or outside and I choose the fresh air option. It was a quiet little patio area and they have done a beautiful job making it feel warm, inviting and romantic. I can not even describe how fantastic my waitress was, Joanne I believe was her name (I'm sorry, I'm horrible with names) she was bright and cheery, made fabulous suggestions and quick accommodations to recommendations when I mentioned a few dietary restrictions I had. Everything was delicious from the warm bread and dipping oils, to the pesto linguini with added shrimp and a take home of tiramisu. Each person who came to my table was attentive and kind, knowledgable and composed. Although the food was divine, the staff I encountered seemed to be the element that truly places this quaint authentic Italian restaurant at the top of my list for all time. Thank you, so much.
5	Excellent friendly service, the food is phenomenal. Highly recommend the mussels, chicken porcini yum, yum
5	While we were in Mesa AZ for a holiday we found Alessia's on Yelp and we are so glad we did. The food was delicious and the host was terrific as were the servers. We are not big wine drinkers but they have a very good selection of wines and the host knows his stuff and can make good recommendations. Nicely appointed little restaurant with a great menu.
5	me and my boyfriend ate here for the first time last night and all i can say is O!M!G!the food was some of the best Ive ever had and for a Wednesday night the place was pretty busy!from the yummy fresh warm bread, to the salad with the awesome shaved tomato pieces, to my HOMEMADE chicken alfredo which was most definitely the best Ive ever had in my life, and the raspberry cheesecake, everything was just absolutely amazingthe service was great and the wine selection was HUGE!they were doing wine tasting for $18 each, i had to work today or i would have been all for it! i joined their E-Mail club so they will notify me next time it happens :)overall this place is a total surprise for being located where it isi cant wait to have an excuse to go back againnow time to heat up the leftovers and have some lunch!
3	Been looking for a really good Italian restaurant nearby my place but the hunt continues.  This place is good don't get me wrong and I would go back but don't think I would ever crave returning to this place its just not that caliber.  Nice sized portions not to small not to big everyone seemed to enjoyed there menu selections.  But just not great.  Staff was friendly and service was good no complaints really to speak of it's just not what I am searching for.
5	My husband finally did good. He suggested that we try Alessia's and it was excellent!  Very good service, nice hot bread, and a great wine selection. I had the special (which I could say in Italian because it was beautiful) which was a stewed pulled pork dish and served in the both with broad egg noodles. I was not disappointed!! Hubbie has the lobster ravioli which he also really enjoyed.  Servers were friendly and attentive. We will return!  Yum!
3	Very nice clean establishment. great patio! service was wonderful! Food okay and i'm kind of particular with my wine and glass did not meet my standards glass was dirty and had lint inside with wine! Very nice selection of wine. My suggestion would be to find another restaurant :)
5	We've been on the hunt for a family owned Italian restaurant with homemade food, a warm atmosphere, and inviting staff. Alessia's surpassed our expectations.Small and quaint, we were seated in the indoor dining room and quickly greeted by the waiter/owner. We took a while to order, but this was due to everything on the menu looking so appetizing. In addition, they have a huge wine list, sure to please a connoisseur, with about 150 different bottles.After we ordered, we were brought very warm bread with olive oil and vinegar for dipping. The oil was great with the black pepper, red pepper, and spices.We ordered the Insalata Gorgonzola with one of our entrees; the dressing was light, the sweetness of the balsamic vinegar went well with the Gorgonzola, and the fresh diced tomatoes made this a fantastic salad.We had the Puttanesca and the Lamb Ciociara. The Puttanesca was outstanding. The sauce was deep, a little earthy, and the pasta was packed with olives, onions, capers, and most importantly, flavor!My order of the lamb came out with the side of angel-hair pasta. The sauce on this lamb entree was outstanding. If we could have bought jars of the stuff we would have. The flavors of the pesto and fresh tomatoes complemented the fullness of the lamb, and the onions added a little sweetness to this savory dish. I did however find the lamb to be a little too grizzly for my liking. Although it was boneless and trimmed a little, I don't enjoy having to dig around the fat and grizzle to get to the best part. The staff here is so accommodating and so superb that I was able to switch out my dish for the Pescatora Sud Risotto (southern risotto): best decision possible.Shortly after asking for the risotto, John brought it to our table, and this risotto was the highlight of the trip. I asked for it to be prepared spicy, and the spice was not overwhelming where it masked the rest of the entree, but it was enough to remind you that you did in fact request a spicy dish. The mussels were creamy, shrimp was flavorful, rice was cooked right, and the plate did not have a fishy smell or aftertaste. The risotto itself wasn't super creamy or heavy, but it still was loaded with flavor and the portion size was big enough to fill you up. Packed with a great assortment of seafood (clams, mussels, calamari, etc), this is definitely an entree to have again.Eating at an Italian restaurant requires us to try their homemade Tiramisu, and this was no exception. The description didn't lie; layered with a light marscapone cream made this Tiramisu one of the lightest we've had. It didn't have a lot of espresso or alcohol flavor, but the portion size was enough to share, and the airiness didn't make you feel like you ate an overwhelming dessert. Recommended for sure!We will definitely be back as this is one of our top choices for a family-owned Italian restaurant. John knows his food and his wine, his wife sure knows how to create spectacular meals, and they both know how to treat their customers
4	Lovely family Italian restaurant located in a nondescript strip mall behind the Iowa Cafe. Diverse menu reads like a journey thru the various regions of Italy. Nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x. Personalized attention, good food. My only problem is that I' m just passing tbru and won't be able to make this a regular haunt!
5	Went wed nite, wife tells me best gnocchi since Europe, were cooked perfectly . I had pollo erbe, terrific. " wine tasting director" very good, with tasty selections. Will be back, OFTEN. Highly recommend. Rich D
5	Small but sweet little family restaurant with authentic Italian food! Friendly service and they have indoor and out door seating and a bar as well. The bread was awesome and our entees too. Everything was made fresh and tasted it too. The owner shook our hands and was very gracious. We paid $50 for two with an appetizer and tea.
5	Truly a diamond in the rough! I am rarely in this part of Phoenix, and I was pleasantly surprised by Alessia's. The food was beautiful and delicious. The roasted vegetable appetizer was outstanding and the tiramisu is the best I've had in years. The atmosphere was warm and sophisticated and the service. . . outstanding! They stayed open late for us and were gracious and attentive when we were the last party in the restaurant. Our waiter was very knowledgable about the menu and wine selection and he was awesome! I live on the other side of town, but I would actually drive out to Mesa just to experience this place again.
5	The is the best Italian food I've tasted that didn't come from my grandma's kitchen. I recommend the gnocchi Gorgonzola but everything is amazing here. All the pasta is made from scratch daily and the sauces have the most amazing flavor.  Don't leave w/o trying the Tiramisu.  The ambiance is super cute and the service is top notch.
4	The best Italian we've found in Mesa yet. The Veal was amazing as was the gnocci. Order some wine, sit on the patio and stay late. A great place to bring a date.
4	Food is very good.  Atmosphere is okay.  Staff is tops!
5	OMG I am always on the hunt for those elusive 5 star restaurants, especially in-out-of-the way places, like strip malls.  Well, Alessia's is just THAT!   The food is maybe 6+ stars, if there was such a thing.  Perfect waitstaff 5+.  Ambiance 4 stars.  We started the meal with warm bread, and delightful ice water.  I had the pollo erbe, and a side of cappelini pasta.  Wife had a erbe pasta dish with that great sauce with herbs, rosemary and fresh basil. What sets Alessia's apart is the owners attention to detail; we felt welcomed, our needs being met, prompt meal service, and fair prices.  At the end of our meal, the owner wished us goodbye (and he meant it), kissed our wives (good move!), and asked us to return, which we will certainly do.Alessia's makes up for ALL of those dreadful chain restaurants we visited in Phoenix that shall go nameless.
5	If you want to impress family, friends or a date, this is the place!  Their food and service is excellent.
5	I am blown away by this little diamond in the rough! This quaint little restaurant is tucked back in the corner of a strip mall in Mesa. I have heard a lot of whispers about this place and had to check it out myself! Absolutely amazing! The restaurants atmosphere is so peaceful and relaxing you can't help but enjoy yourself as soon as you walk through the lit court yard into the front door greeted by smiling faces. The staff is very friendly and the owners actually work here. It's owned by a husband and wife, the wife is the chef and the husband runs the front. Very promising future for this little restaurant, as for the owners love what they do and work very hard at making their customers happy. They are very caring and personable with each customer; you don't see this kind of attention in businesses now a days! They have a great menu; our food was fresh, authentic, mouth watering.... Great selection of wines....... make sure to leave room for dessert! Definitely left with my big ol food baby!! John and Shari expect to see us back very soon! Thank you for such a wonderful evening!
5	Wonderful everything.  The food was great, service friendly and nicely paced, loved the patio seating, soft music.  Tried their wine tasting option available that night with dinner and it was just the extra perfect touch.  We have added this very nice locally owned to our preferred list (a very, very short list) for our pleasure and out of town company.
5	Well...thanks again fellow yelpers we loved this place.  Just one thing it is small and quaint.  Go early especially in the winter.  It was raining too so the patio was. Not operating.  Food. And service was great.  Homemade owner is out and about and you can feel and taste the passion.  We WILL be back
5	Can you say FANTASTIC!!  This place knows the meaning of TRUE Italian food.  I would recommend Alessia's to anyone looking for great authentic Italian food.  If you think Olive Garden is this $hit..... then don't come here.I actually found this place on Yelp, and it sparked my eye because of it's great reviews.  I did a little more investigating and found out that it is a little hole in the wall located within a strip mall.  EVEN BETTER.  Any of you food lovers know that any hole is the wall with a almost 5 start rating is going to be FANTASTIC.  I for one was NOT disappointed.  I cannot wait for the next time we go back!!
5	For those of you that are reading the reviews. I first want to say that there is a website. Read the menu before you go.  Second,  I have been going here for years and enjoy hearing John share stories about his children. So. If you ask them Shari would be more than happy to make you a kid friendly meal!  They are that accommodating.  Love this place. Food is always spectacular.   Make sure you sign up for their newsletter
2	Soupy pasta sauce, very unremarkable house salad. Not great atmosphere in a little strip mall  Would not return.
5	Wonderful. Delicious. Friendly. Intimate.
5	Holy cow, I love this place. Ridiculously fantastic AUTHENTIC Italian food. SO delicious, the owner is hilarious and accommodating. This was probably the best Italian food I've had, it was all so fresh and it came pretty fast too. Fantastic place for a nice date night, the perfect hidden gem.
4	My husband and I were looking to try a new restaurant for dinner so we ended up at Alessia's. I have been to other business' in the same complex and never knew it was there, they say they don't advertise, all word of mouth. I was very surprised to see that there is a nice Italian spot near home without having to go to a chain restaurant.The service was good from beginning to end, you don't just get one server assigned to you, whoever is walking through (the very small dining space) will check up on you and make sure everything is ok, I liked this because we didn't go unnoticed. Even though the dining area is small, it was never loud, and there were even a few children when we arrived. It seems like it is families that have been coming here for years and their children actually know how to behave in a nice restaurant.Now to the best part, the food. We were served bread to start off with, nothing special,  but I was starving so it was appreciated. For dinner we ordered the Insalata Milanese, breaded veal over greens with delicious mozzarella and  chiffonade tomatoes was simple and satisfying, I would come back for this salad alone! We also order the Pomobasil Gnocchi, the tomato sauce was so good I doubt we left a drop on the plate, but the semolina gnocchi itself wasn't what I wanted. I prefer potato, so I wouldn't mark points off for that being it is more a personal preference issue because everything came to us cooked very well. For dessert we had a cannoli that was also very good. Overall I would definitely come back here and bring some friends with.
5	My husband and I tried Alessia's tonight after googling best Italian food in Mesa. We found it   I had chicken Alfredo which was very good, but my husband had the lamb that was in a red sauce that was totally amazing, probably one of the best mixes of flavored we have ever tasted.  We will be back. .
5	Small, quaint and the food is awesome.  We enjoyed our meal at Alessia's Ristorante in Mesa very much.  The owner is very friendly and personable.  We went there later in the evening on a Friday and had no problem getting in.  We enjoyed the mussels and calamari which was very tasty.  Best mussels I have had in a long time.  The three of us had pasta dishes very good and plenty of food.  Highly recommend this small quaint restaurant, it certainly is on our favorites list.
5	Great authentic Italian food. Me and my wife spent our past anniversary in San Francisco and had some really excellent italian food. Since then we've been desiring something similar. We've tried many places in the valley and Alessia's is the first that has given us that same feeling.Love it, we'll be back many many times in the years to come.
5	Once again Jon and Shari put together a weekend special that was incredible. The ravioli was prepared with roma tomatoes and the wine special was paired perfectly.  The meal was complimented by the many regulars that frequent this great restaurant.  The owners care so much about what they serve, and it shows.  If you have not tried one of the specials, you are missing out!
4	Thanks to Yelpers, we found this great little gem in our neck of the woods. We're always on the hunt for locally-owned restaurants and good Italian, and we found both in Alessia's. The fact that it was in Mesa and not central Phoenix was a plus! We opted to sit on the patio, since the weather was perfect. There were a couple of other patrons outside with us, but it wasn't distracting in the slightest. The staff was friendly and attentive, but not overly so. The owner came out at one point, checked on all the tables, joked with some of the regulars, but was very good at giving the couples on a romantic-type date (like us) space. We had different servers taking care of us, so it didn't feel like if we asked one for something it would start a war in the back. It was very much a team atmosphere. The food was excellent. Warm, perfectly crusty bread with olive oil and balsamic for dipping was a great way to start off the evening. We started with the Pepata di Cozze (mussels). The mussels were tender and flavourful, the garlic and white wine sauce was great; not too rich. We're big on sharing food, so we got two entrees to split: I got the Che Calamari Linguini and my partner got the Pescatora Nord Risotto. Both were just about perfect. My linguini was fairly light and full of flavour. The calamari rings were tender and not at all rubbery. The sauce had a little bit of a kick, which was nice. The risotto was bright and sunny, literally. Saffron yellow, with capers, clams, mussels and calamari. It was amazing! I think I may have enjoyed the risotto more than my pasta, but honestly I'm not too sure. Both were some of the best Italian food I've had in a long time. Fresh, homemade. Dessert was pretty fantastic too. We wanted something decadent and chocolatey, neither of us being much of a fan of tiramisu (sacrilege, I know!). We opted for the chocolate truffle and we weren't disappointed. Zabaione cream, surrounded by chocolate, dusted with cocoa powder and whipped cream. Rich, but oh so good! On the list of to-tries for next time: the gnocchi, the pescatora sud risotto and the chocolate lava cake. And there will definitely be a next time!
5	Hidden gem, tucked behind Applebee's, outstanding food, atmosphere and service.   Went with my wife and son, ordered three different dishes and shared.  Each one was better than the other.  Highly recommend Alessia's!
3	I think the food was decent but WAY overpriced. I have no problem spending money on a good meal but this was a little stupid. The tiramisu was the smallest portion I have ever seen....and for $7.00...are you kidding me? The pasta sauce was watery and the risotto was bland. I wish I were more impressed, not to mention, when I ordered dinner the man who took my order wasn't exactly friendly and seemed put out by my call.
4	Great tasting food all made  from scratch and you can literary taste the love and care that goes into each dish.
5	Absolutely delicious! Gnocci alla Brian was amazing & their special, which consist of shrimp, homemade garlic cream sauce & mango= yum! Plus, staff & owner very friendly & attentive. We'll be back for sure!
5	We were greeted with such warmth by the entire team.Our server was named Sam. Sam was very personable,  had an impeccable memory & was well versed on the extensive Wine List.We started out with a glass of Valporticella and proceed to order. We were advised that the special was a 7 ounce Filet, cooked Medium Rare topped with a great sauce, sprinkled with blue cheese and served on a bed of risotto. Of course, my date, my date, Heide Kaldor was convinced and happy to order it.While sitting there, we were ordered the Salad Contadina. Extremely well praoered greens, served with grated tomatoes & topped with an impeccable dressing. Both, my date and I were highly impressed.The staff worked together like an all star team would. Another Server named Derrick also came up to our table and gave us bread & our balsamic & oil plate.Our next course was brought out moments after we both were done with our salads. It was a piece of art that tasted as great as it looked. The filet was cooked to perfection, the sauce was just the right amount, the  cheese on top of the sauce was delightful & all served on a buttery risotto.While eating, we were greeted by the owner John. He did more than just check on our meal. He personalized our service with some great banter. When he left our table, my date & I were left with smiles and even more to talk with.Our drinks were poured faster than they were finished. Towards the end of our filling meal, Derrick had suggested we save room for our dessert. Since it was Heide's Birthday, we had to order the tiramasu.  We are so glad we did. What a great finish to a great meal.When all was finished, our bill was well under $100. In which we were pleasantly surprised. Alessia's Ristorante Italiano has proven to be that flawless diamond worth the search 4. There name may start with an A, but I definitely give them a well deserved A+
5	As my family has known Jon Carr, the owner of Alessia's, for many years, we will always be fond of his establishment and promote his business as much as we can!  As he has expanded his quaint dining into a full bar and restaurant, Alessia's has grown into quite the place to dine.  His pasta selections are amazing... each one of them!  And make sure you save room for dessert, as his wife makes them from scratch!  John is always an entertainer and will do anything to make you feel welcome.
2	Let's start with the pros. Quaint little place hidden in Mesa AZ. Nice front bar and reasonable prices. Pretty decent wine list.About the food. The bread wasn't good at all. Period. I had the caprese salad wich was OK, barely OK.I ordered the capellini with erbe sauce. The rosemary flavor was a little overwhelming but in general was OK.I wouldn't crave to go back but if I lived in the neighborhood, I probably would go once in a while.The best part of dinner, was the company  (as it should always be:)Cheers
4	We recently were celebrating with a movie and dinner because we found out we were going to be grandparents again.  We had gone to another Italian restaurant near Higley and Baseline in Mesa but they were closed on Sunday.  We knew about Alessia's but had never been there.  We decided to give it a try.  There were five of us in our party.  My daughter ordered wine based on the server's recommendation - it was an excellent choice.  We had three vegetarians in our party and everyone was able to find something to meet their needs.  The bread was ok.  The dipping sauce was served on a flat plate.  We were sat at a round table and it was difficult to reach from all around the table without having to move things around and not spilling the dipping sauce.  The salad was good but if your going to charge for a plate of lettuce at least give a generous portion.  Everyone ordered a pasta dish and no one was disappointed.  We topped the meal off with cannoli's which were a sweet ending to our meal.   The service and food were all very good.  I would highly recommend this little gem right in my back yard.
5	We came here on a whim and will be back on purpose. This authentic Italian fare is made with high quality ingredients and an obvious attention to detail. The owner himself helped us with our wine selection, and his choices were spot on. I felt like I had dinner with family. The food was delicious and unpretentious, and we will be back soon.
5	My husband and I decided to try this place for our first anniversary dinner. We were pleasantly surprised, the staff was extremely helpful and nice. The food was fantastic, we can't wait to go back!
1	Would not eat here owner rude after checking in they would not accept the $10 off coupon offered by this yelp app. Service was not poor food way to over priced!!!!
5	After having a terrible experience at a restaurant nearby we decided to go here!  Now we're glad the other place was so terrible or we may not have found this place.  We sat out on the patio which was so nice and the food was just amazing!  The service was great, even the busser was very helpful with suggestions!  Can't wait to go back!
5	This is great Italian food and wine. I had a prosciutto wrapped scallop dish served over risotto that was spectacular.  Take John's suggestions on wine!  He suggested 2 bottles of wine for us and both were very good.  We sat on the patio and it was great.
1	My husband and I live close by and decided to try Alessia's. When we walked in we were greeted by the bartender who said the hostess would be right back. We waited a few minutes and she never came. I was hugging my husband and this waiter decided to come up behind me and say hello as if he were going to seat us. I immediately let go of my husband only to find that he was just saying hi. The hostess still was not there so after a minute the waiter seated us and told us to sit where ever we wanted. So what was the point of waiting at all??? Anyways...We browsed the menu and noting really seemed that appetizing to me. My husband asked the waiter how big the portions are for the fettuccine alfredo. The waiter looked at my husband like he was an idiot for asking such a question and said, " I don't know, like average?  Does that make sense?" My husband was pissed, but blew it off as to not ruin the evening. We ordered the fettuccine alfredo to split which came with a salad. The salad was good, but the alfredo tasted like EASY MAC! I would have sent it back, but I didn't want to make my husband feel bad because he chose the restaurant and I was hungry. The alfredo wasn't enough food, so we decided to order calamari from our SECOND waiter. Yes, they have multiple waiters as if they are TRYING to be a FIVE star restaurant, which they are not even close. Then our FIRST waiter came back to ask us if we wanted dessert, when we had just ordered something. I just think it is unorganized and confusing to have five different waiters. I felt like no one knew what was going on and that we kept getting interrupted. Normally at Italian restaurants the calamari is fried, but not here. They set it in front of us and I was horrified. I did not want a nasty rubbery ring tomato soup. We sent it back and decided to just forget ordering anything else. We received our bill and noticed there was a $4 charge for "splitting" the EASY MAC. This place is such a rip off. We paid $18 for a two small bowls of EASY MAC. We did not see on the menu that there was a charge for splitting meals because if we had we would have not split a meal. I will never in my life come back to this place ever again!
5	This is a gem here in Mesa. It is quietly tucked in the rear of a strip mall but the food, ambience, and service is impeccable! Have been on two separate occasion and left both times saying how enjoyable the experience was.  If you're in the mood for Italian cuisine don't wonder if you should visit or not. Just go and enjoy the experience.
5	I am amazed at the few negative reviews. Sounds more like people who enjoy writing negative comments more than someone who actually ate at Alessia's. This restaurant is absolutely amazing, the service was excellent and the food was wonderful. The ravioli was homemade and had excellent flavor, perfect balance between the cheese and spinach. The sauce was extremely flavorful, very rich but not to salty! Perfect. The wine selection was very good. I think a major plus is the menu, it is not too large, just enough choices. So many restaurant's have giant menus with way too much. The selection is perfect. If you do not like Alessia's, you do not know what real Italian food is all about. Go back to Olive Garden.  Can't wait to go back.
5	We were told to go to this place by a bar tender from another restaurant for their Tiramisu, which is AMAZING!!! And fell in LOVE with the place and the people!! So we went back just a few days later and are now regulars! The Salads are SO fresh the seafood is delicious and the pasta is amazing. You can't go wrong with anything there and the portions are Very generous! And they have a wine selection unlike any other wine bar in the Valley. Alessia's is a must eat at Italians restaurant! Don't miss out!
5	wonderful experience!  the food and service was excellent.  we tried the pesto with chicken and loved it!  owner is on site and assures superb customer service!  found a new favorite spot.
5	Applause!!!!  Delicious food and amazing service. If you're reading this review and contemplating going. Stop!, reading and just go. My husband and I came here for the first time for our anniversary and loved it.
5	The food is AMAZING! I'm so glad we found this restaurant. I always have the Gamberi and add the house salad! My husband changes it up so I always get a taste of whatever he's having! Every time we come here the food is delicious!  Yummmmmmy!!!!
4	A fine neighborhood bistro.  Service was excellent and they really made us feel welcome.  The owner was out mixing it up with the patrons, he said to us on our way out the door, "see you tomorrow".Food was good, not outstanding, but definitely worth going to again.  Prices were very reasonable.  We will hit it again next time we are in town.
3	So, there were highs and lows to our visit at Alessia's.Highs:The service was excellent. My glasses were never empty, and the entire staff was extremely professional.We had gone on a weekend just before Thanksgiving, and the special was truly something special. We were told it was a once-a-year thing, and were both SO glad we tried it. It was a "deconstructed Thanksgiving dinner" made into a lasagna. Noodles were layered with mozzarella, pulled turkey meat, stuffing, etc. It was topped with a basil prosciutto gravy, which I had only one complaint about-- that I didn't order extra. It was SO flavorful, and really set off the dish. It also came with fresh cranberry sauce that was literally the best I have ever had. I typically don't even eat cranberry sauce, but this was really exceptional.  The cannolis we had for desert were AH-MAZING. Do not go there and leave without eating them! Also they were very reasonably priced at 2 for $5.Lows:The delicious slice of Thanksgiving lasagna was either $22 or $24 (I can't remember which.) It did come with bread, but a salad was extra. So while it was delicious, I just don't know if it was worth the price. My bottle of Chateau Ste. Michele Riesling (Approximately seven dollars in a store) was also $38. I know restaurants have mark up, etc etc-- but I have ordered this exact bottle of wine at many restaurants and have never come close to paying this. The restaurant is in a strip mall... pretty hard to be super classy in a strip mall.My only other complaint is a bit petty, but the owner was flitting about quite a bit, and he was just a bit smarmy for me. I don't know if we will go back for a meal, but we have already talked about swinging by again just for the cannolis!Highs: good, creative, flavorful food; CANNOLIS; great service.Lows: pricey; smallish portions.
4	Stopped in earlier this week and enjoyed eating there. Friendly service, food was a little above average, but wine selection is pretty limited. Will def. come in and try some other dishes soon.
4	Overall this place looked nice and has good food. Tables were too close and we felt like you would be dining with all the people at the tables which surrounded everyone so we ate at the bar. Too pushy on the alcohol, not everyone drinks alcohol. Servings were small.  We ate at the bar it was okay, good service but you needed keep on top of the bartender. I would go back and eat again.The wine selection was very good. I think a major plus is the menu.
4	Had dinner here last night (Friday night). We arrived a little before 8, had to wait a short time for a table. The bar area is new, since I was last here & looked inviting!As for the food...we ordered Fromaggio di Capra & Caprese to start. The goat cheese started was not what we expected. The flavor was a little bland & the crostini was toasted a little too dark. I would not order it again. The Caprese was good, nice fresh basil. I had Penne with Strangola & my friend ordered Penne with Bolognese. The Strangola was very good. The sausage was very fresh tasting and mild. The onion pieces could have been a bit smaller but that is a minor issue. The Bolognese was a nice, not overly rich sauce. Both dishes were very good. The bread was very good, fresh and light, served with a plate of olive oil (a bit bland) & seasonings.The service was a bit chaotic. Very friendly, but a bit confused (back up staff).Overall, a good place to eat in east Mesa.
1	I can't really talk about the food yet. We've been waiting for more than an hour and a half and still not close to sitting. The inept greeter told us that the wait wouldn't be long. We have not been acknowledged since we've been sitting here. Don't waste your night sitting here like a fool like us, go to Olive Garden and get on with your night.EDIT: now that we have eaten, we feel that the low rating is deserved. We both had the pasta carbonara, and most of the flavor was bacon. The rest was rather bland.
4	We met another couple for dinner and had a wonderful time. The food was very good with excellent service. The bread served to dip in the olive was was over cooked, and that's the only negative I can honestly report! Definitely on our "keeper" list
3	food was quite good, 4 star + but expensive.  We were also seated at a table for two that should be redesignated a table for one.  Way to small for two plates, drinks and misc stuff.If you do make it there, walk two doors down and get a gelato.   MMMMM
5	We love to eat at small, locally owned businesses and found Alessia's from Yelp reviews.We started off with our traditional dessert first.  You cannot miss the tiramisu.  It was the best ever!  My husband ordered the chocolate truffle, which I sampled.  it was good, but it could not compare with the tiramisu.  I ordered the Pollo Piccata.  It was unlike any dish I had before and was so good. It came with a large portion of amazing sauce, capers, and mushrooms.  Yum!   I have had Pollo Piccata before, but not like what I had tonight!My husband ordered the Pollo Porcini which was equally delicious.   The place got pretty busy, but service was excellent.  We did have to ask for bread because they forgot, but that was not a big deal.  Our glasses stayed full.  The servers were great.  Tables are a little small.  I was a little cramped with the side pasta and my main entree.  I had my side entree in an awkward spot and not quite in front of me and spilled a little.   (O//o)Portion sizes were generous, but I would have liked a larger piece of tiramisu--but that's partly because I love dessert and it was so good!The owner was super friendly and funny.  It was just a wonderful, cozy atmosphere with delicious food. We will definitely be returning soon.
5	We just had dinner for the second time. We are from St Louis, Missouri , with some of the best Italian restaurants in the US. We drove 40 minutes to have dinner because this is the best Italian we have found in Phoenix. Great wine list- very extensive and reasonable. Would recommend - great food !!
5	Went there for dinner last night and it was fabulous! We started off with the bruschetta and it was different but delicious. The wine list is unbelievable and the wait staff is very knowledgable about the various wines as well as the dishes they prepare. We had the lamb and it was great but I should have gotten the pasta side dish, too! Next time for sure! We also had the Gamberi (their shrimp and pasta dish) and it was outstanding, too. Will definitely be going back to continue working our way through their wine list and outstanding menu.
4	Wow... never knew this place was here. Super wine list. Try the Pinot Nero. Menu has a wide selection. We had the bolognese and the spinach ravioli. Both were well done. Anxious to try some of the things on the menu with capers and anchovies. Good selection of deserts and it's right next to an Italian grocer/gelato shop. Who needs to go to Italy?Oh yes, the service was very good too.
4	This is a small Italian place. The food is really good, but I have had better dishes elsewhere. I can't say that I love everything on the menu, but I am always satisfied with what I get. I like the atmosphere a lot- quaint, family owned, the staff is personable and friendly. It is a tad on the expensive side, but I think the food and service is worth the price.
3	Good but not great Italian food and a little too pricey for the portion size.  The service is first-class but a little over the top - three different persons asked us if we wanted wine! And speaking of wine. the selection was extensive but they had no "house wine" (at a more reasonable price).
3	Some of the food is good while others are just ok or not what you were thinking. Service was great. Seemed like after every sip of water someone was there to refill it.If you're looking for Olive Garden style food this isn't it. If you're looking for something a little more classy this may be it.
3	nice surroundings and good food its a good value and good service
5	Hands down best Italian in the valley.  Owner is always on site and is just a super nice guy.  The food is incredible.  Highly recommend.
1	Service was fine and the place was nice. It was the food-terrible calamari,  its not breaded, its in a tomato water. I had the special, beef ravioli, bland, mushy, drowned in soggy tomatos and olive oil. Price $18.00 for 8 raviolis.
5	The best customer service experience I have ever had. Great food and wine!!! They were more than accommodating to us and we had our 8 month old w/ us. They were really busy and we only had to wait 30 mins without a reservation. All of the employees were happy, upbeat, and worked very well together. I will recommend this place to everyone I know!!!! They also carry gluten free pasta. Which was a plus for my wife!!!! THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!!!
5	This place is hands down the best Italian restaurant I've been to in Arizona. Food and service are top notch
5	This place was a recommendation to us and we are so glad we were told about it. This is a small restaurant tucked away in a strip mall of all places. Right off the bat we were served with bread and this bread was so soft and crunchy and wonderful!We had Bruschetta for our appetizer and were super impressed. Gnocchi and pasta primervera were the main course. The food was so hot and was a very large portion. We were super impressed.We will be back!
5	Everything was wonderful. From the appetizer, dinner, dessert and fabulous wine. Great customer service from the hostess, waiter and owner. Top notch all around!!!!
5	It amazes me now everyone is a food critic. If you only eat at chain restaurants you may not like real italian food. This is hands down the best italian place, to all those people who dont like it, go home and open a can of ragu and call it a night. By the way olive garden in my book is not real italian just like taco bell is not mexican food.
5	This place is wonderful! Food is always great, service top notch and atmosphere is relaxing and inviting. Its a little pricy for us to go as often as we would like but its one of our fave places! Its a gem!
2	I really wanted to like this place because a. I love Italian food, b. A few people told me I needed to go here, and c. It has a cozy decor, quiet and romantic feel.  Pros- the service is good, my water was never empty, and plates were cleared quickly.  Cons- the food.  Bread was completely average- nothing special.  My house salad although flavorful was completely drowned in dressing. And onto my meal- spinach ravioli. I think the ravioli would have been great, but I could not taste it due to the obscene amount of garlic cream sauce it was drowned in. After that amount of garlic, I will never have to worry about vampires or my husband ever kissing me again. I have been here one time before and had a pasta dish with pancetta, peas and cream sauce. The sauce was so rich that it made me feel sick and lacked any real flavor.
5	This place was amazing! The food was delicious and the atmosphere was relaxing. I went with my family (who all like different things and are pretty picky eaters). When we left the restaurant everyone was happy and full (which is kind of a miracle). We had the seafood risotto, the lobster ravioli, chicken, lamb, and the best chocolate cake ever. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back.
4	Had a great first experience here tonight.  It's not a big place, but the bar, dining, and patio areas are very cozy and well kept. Service was fantastic, and the wine selection was extensive. Ordered the Cappelini Puttanesca for dinner and thought it was a home run. Can't wait to go back and try something else.
5	What a great Italian Restaurant!  We had a delicious meal.  The atmosphere was quaint, the wine list excellent and the staff was very personable and didn't bug you too much.  My husband said he has never seen me eat everything on my plate like I did at Alessia's. Ha! Ha!  It just tasted so good!!I will definitely spread the news that there is a secret gem in Mesa that is a must visit.  I love the fact that it is not a chain and is family owned and operated.  Enjoyed it so much and will be back soon!!
1	To say this was a disappointment would be too kind. We should have known when the menus said "entrate" to describe entrees. "Entrate"? Rudimentary Italian, or having ever eaten in an Italian restaurant, and you know this means "you have entered"...I guess they meant the "twilight zone"...where noodles swimming in an over-garlic, under-flavor concoction passes for some sort of sauce? And I guess, in this twilight zone, the vegetable oil on the tables was for dipping what they call "bread". Maybe before opening an Italian restaurant, these people should have perhaps tasted the flavors Italian food has to offer. If this is Italian, Dominos is pizza. And FYI, you meant "secondi"...not "entrate".
5	Enjoyed a really nice meal here. The gnocchi is excellent. Fettuccine Alfredo is really good. For dessert try the tirimisu. They have an extensive wine list and the staff is very knowledgeable about the wines they sell. If you are not sure ask for a recommendation.
5	My wife and I decided to celebrate our 47th anniversary last night at Alessia's and we were not disappointed with our selection. The food was excellent, the team concept of waiting a table was great and their attentiveness was outstanding.  It was a memory making night so thank you and keep up the excellent work!!
3	Dining here was highly recommended and viewed by others as a place of interest for quality Italian food. They offer bread and olive oil / vinegar as a starter & appetizer for the table. Though, I've heard over the years that this isn't an Italian thing, as bread is fattening and olive oil is frequently used for main dishes.. I still enjoyed the concept. Took me a second to adjust to the sourish pungent taste, but all in all I took plenty of bites.  When you're hungry, you're hungry. Shoot, if you put a bag of Frito Lay's in front of me at a high end restaurant knowing the food won't be out for a minute, heck yeah. I'll still eat them.Anyways, the wine expert at our table strategically selected a bottle of wine from the plethora of choices Alessia's had to offer. Chosen was..2008 Bertani Villa Arvedi - Magnifioso, crisp, heavy alcohol content and intense with flavors. I'm not a wine expert, but the feeling that came over..Red, red wineGo to my headMake me forget that I..Still need her soRed, red wineIt's up to youAll I can do, I've doneBut memories won't goNo, memories won't goIf the karaoke machine was plugged in, ya boy would've went to town. I totally felt like I was in a UB40 music video from the 80's. My father then went on to tell stories of the court room, as he was a former lawyer, captivating his immediate audience and those surrounding. He's a loud guy. Give him a glass of wine and you'd think he's announcing at Nascar event.  Okay, enough about the wine. I ordered the Strangola pasta dish, which in my world, is pretty to the point and hard to mess up. The Italian sausage was tremendous. Flavored and seasoned to perfection. The sauce, though, was watery and kind of weighed down the entire plate. I mean, every bite excessive amounts of sauce would spew off my spoon and fork. Yeah, I had to use both cause it was just so.. slippery? I liked it, but only so much. It was a little too soupy for my blood. I thought I was going to devour this plate.. but I left quite a bit of food to rest on it. RIP. There was a time when I was renting a room from an Italian family, and they cooked up storms EVERY night. Because of this, I expect a lot from establishments like so.. and I'll say I felt the dish didn't have as much love put into it. In turn I wasn't too impressed.It seems like everyone else enjoyed their dish and I have to give the staff credit. We were checked on frequently and they had us laughing from time to time. Kind of wish I had what the other folks surrounding me ordered.. maybe my review would've been different.
5	We had a wonderful dinner on the patio tonight. The weather was as perfect as the food, the service was great and we will definitely be back.
5	Dinner was amazing!! I had the strongola with angel hair which I loved, two people had pesto and one Alfredo and everyone loved their dish. Definitely can't wait to go back to try some more menu items! The staff were all very friendly, helpful and well mannered. Seemed to work well as a team.
5	We just left and we loved it! We were there celebrating our anniversary. It was romantic and the staff was helpful and friendly! The food was amazing and the wine even better! I couldn't pronounce a thing on the menu and everyone was still so accommodating. I have not one bad thing to say about our lovely evening.
5	Third time dining at Alessia's. As always the food was fantastic. The staff was very attentive and friendly. The owner John is down to earth and a professional. Pleasure speaking with him. Nice to enjoy great food and service in a family owned operation. Look forward to returning and passing word to friends about this gem in Mesa. Thanks again.
4	We've eaten here twice in the last month and I look forward to coming back again soon.  This little place is a treasure.  Every menu item we've tried has been terrific.  They will make you feel welcome and will cater to your every need.  The service is attentive and prompt.  We've been all over the country trying to find good cannolis.  Everywhere we go, they are either gritty or soggy.  We've found great cannolis in the Bronx, Long Island and Mesa.  Yes, that's right...at Alessia's.
1	Based on all the reviews here we gave this a try. I don't think we have ever been so dissatisfied at any other restaurant, that we have been to. My wife ordered fettuccine, with Alfredo sauce. It was like water, without taste. And mine was angel hair pasta with tomato sauce, and it wasn't any more flavorful, than hers was. I did like the warm bread, but the olive oil and vinegar to dip the bread in, had far too much vinegar. And we had to wait for quite a while, for the food to arrive. We were expecting a very good meal, and were very disappointed.
5	I love this place. It is my first choice for date night, and the only option for an anniversary dinner. It is owned by a married couple, the husband is the wine expert, and the wife is the chef. I love the large selection of wine. I love the knowledge that the owner has of the different wines, and I love that they make you feel like you are part of the family the first time you walk in. The wine is awesome, the food is awesome, and the atmosphere is awesome. I like that the red wines are lightly chilled because it is rare to find that, and I think it makes it taste better. ( Red wines are the only wines I will drink, mostly red blends)I highly recommend the calamari, my husband craves it often and gets giddy when we go there because he looks forward to it so much. I have brought my children and they are made to feel just as welcome, and they also LOVE the calamari. They even fight over who gets to eat the ones with the most suction cups.
4	Great service from all of the servers here. The food was delicious and we'll proved as well. It did have a bit of a cramped feeling due to it being in a corner suite in a strip mall but if you are looking for some good Italian food this should be on the list of places you check out in this area.
