3	I have such a different perspective on this place.  I used to babysit for one of the dancers.  She was quite nice.  And apparently very flexible.  And sometimes when she would pay in cash, it would be interesting to think about where that money had come from - both the person, and potentially where on her body.  Luckily I had less concept of this as a teenage babysitter than I do now.  But I will say - she totally fit the After-School special version of a dancer.  Super nice.  Great mom.  And yes, she was putting herself through medical school.  Some kind of nursing specialty.  I thought I knew all I needed to know about this place from seeing how she'd come by after work.  All that make up and that funny smell.  Eau de cheesy strip club.  How innocent I was...Somehow watching them cavort out there, it's hard for me to picture these folks working hard to put themselves though school.  Though I hold on hard to that image.  I've only been once and that was pretty much enough.  The guys I used to work with loved this place.  They felt like it was one of the few places where they might actually have a chance with some of these girls, and that made the whole process much more exciting.  If there is such thing as your "neighborhood" strip club, than this is it.  Just like a neighborhood bar, it's not the prettiest one in town, it may not have all the bells and whistles, but you can get comfortable there, and you just might become a regular.  Historical note - When I was a kid this was ALL by itself out here.  Nothing else was out here.  You knew you had reached the far, far edge of town when you finally hit the Candy Store.  And now?  It's right down the street from a High School.  It keeps going on for miles and miles.  Sprawl and the strip club...
4	One of my ATF strip clubs even though I'm not a huge fan of them overall. Nice but not too nice, clean enough, great drink prices/cover, plenty of parking, friendly staff and doormen. My #1 choice to go to when a gal pal begs me to take her to a strip club. My only complaint is that each dancer only gets one song onstage at a time.
1	What a joke this is a strip club? It's close to the worst strip club I've ever been to. I'm pretty sure I would have had a better time thrown money at hookers for nothing on Van Buern and driving off and watching them fight over the money. The Great Alaskan Bush Company is the only place I'll try or go to next time I'm in the Phx area! This place is way over crowded and I have no Idea why.
5	awesome drinks and rad girls... i always stop for some rock n' roll at the store when im in phx :)
4	No long drawn out review needed. Bullet points will do:* Cheap well poured (stiff) drinks* Attentive cocktail waitresses (I even saw one dance)* Decent DJ (doesn't talk too much)* LOVE the 80's feel neon overload* Like there are 2 areas.* OK THE CROWN JEWEL REASON I LOVE THIS PLACE.......   See below...  * TATTOOED AND/OR  PUNK ROCK DANCERS - A LOT OF SMALL BREASTED LADIES (ME LIKEY A LOT)  * Lexi gave me a dance that may or may not have gotten me off * There was one dancer that had full sleeves, HUGE fake tits, and the damn near biggest/longest nips I have ever seen. She almost had me liking fake tits !! Ask for Carissa* $5 dances that are worth $10 all night...Ok, so this is a double thumbs (nipples) up !!p.s. I saw lots of Red & White .............
4	I've been here maybe ten times, or so, over the past ten or so years.  I've gone in a Limo with a group of, gulp, conservative couples, with "normal" couples (like I set the bar), a couple of times with the "boys," and, shamelessly, by myself once (i was going through a tough time).Five dollar cover for men.  Ladies free. Drinks start at $4 and go up.  Nice bar tenders and waitresses.  Bathrooms clean, but they smell, like, well, a strip club bathroom.Lots of pretty dancers.  Not bitchy.  Not pretentious.  Little boobies, big boobies, saggy boobies.  No pasties, and tiny tiny G strings.  One large area and one smaller area.  Some sort of back room, I suppose for when they rent a donkey, or some little people from the circus, but I've never seen it used.  One pool table, which I have actually played on.  They have chalk.My wife has been here for that strange ritual they call "girls night out." and had a good time with the ladies.  Again, a harmless friendly bar, with couples, lesbians, single horny fellows...which just happens to have a couple of poles and nice women swinging around on them.  Very nice girls, even after you tell them "no thank you" five times.  VERY good wait staff.Not raunchy, but one of my "conservative" friends wife, from the south (duh), who ventured here with us several years ago, had a breakdown in the parking lot.  It was awesome.  Her husband was refused service because he was too shit faced to walk straight, and she was sobbing as though the FDA was going to take her anti depressive off the market.  She was disturbed that men had access to topless women so easily, as though the dancers were for "hire."  FYI, don't go here with conservative 40 year old women.  Do not go here if you're afraid to see boobies, it's a titty bar.  DO go here if you want to have a light evening finisher before taking your partner(s) home for...breakfast.Bring cash, I'm pretty sure even the bar doesn't take plastic.  They do have an ATM, however (that's convenient).
5	Cheap entry fees and $5 lap dances are amazing.  Chill place to hang out. Been with my girlfriend and she loves it and has always had a great time.
4	After drinking all day at two Memorial Day parties we ended up here around 8pm (with my girlfriend in tow). Having been to few strip clubs, my first impression was "what a freaking dump". The Candy Store has charm though, and by the end of the night I actually liked the place - it's the strip club equivalent of a dive bar. The place is kind of small but there were plenty of good places to sit. I'll return for the $5 drinks and $5 lap dances. Also, my GF lost her cell phone (likely in the ladies bathroom), when we called back on Monday afternoon I was shocked to find it was safe and sound!!! Good job Candy Store!
4	I have one piece of advice for youNo matter what a stripper tells youThere's no sex in the Champagne Room.. NONE!Oh there's CHAMPAGNE in the Champagne RoomBut you don't want champagne.. you want sexAnd there's NO sex.. in the Champagne Room
4	I used to work here!Great place. Very small, but it's great. I always made great money there. And I have been in as a patron also. The last time being in 2006. Drinks are reasonable and the girls are very nice. Not crazy about the public women's restroom being in the dancers dressing room, but it's cool. Like I said, very small, but it's worth it. I really enjoyed working there and also being a patron there too.
1	I went to a strip club in Mexico once and had a memorable experience. One that I've tried to replicate for many years after.The stripper, who was very cute and also very proud of her lactating skills, would for all of a buck hastily whip out one of her tits on demand, squeeze it, and shoot a stream of milk at you. She reminded me of drunk me, peeing in a parking lot someplace...waving my stream around until I've spelled out my name.  People...now that's entertainment!As compared with the Candy Store, where some dumb-as-a-bag-of-hammers stripper who's all too willing to spend a few thousand bucks on breast implants while badly in need of dental implants, snubs you because the black-light illumination is prominently displaying  the pee stain on your cargo shorts. The Candy Store.Nice boobs.Bad grilles.And girls with no fundamental lactating / squirting abilities, which they should possess since most are single moms. A disappointment on every level.
5	Husband and I were out with some friends on Saturday night and decided to hit this place up around 9pm. When we rolled in we were SHOCKED at the $5 cover charge! Who else has it so cheap???? GREAT START to our evening! :)We easily found some nice seats on couches towards the back but the place is smallish so we had awesome views of the larger stage. It was kinda disappointing with the first couple dancers because they seemed to be more interested in staring at themselves in the mirrors to see how hard they could frown so it got a few doubts going but then some AMAZING dancers blew our minds! Two girls in particular stuck with us for a while and gave us ALL lap dances and did some really crazy tricks on the chairs. $7 lap dances?? sign us up!!! We all agreed, who needs Christie's $20 dances when we can get gorgeous ladies and great music here! BTW-The music was just FABULOUS! Lots of variety (lil rap not much, lots of rock like Metallica, lil punk) so everyone in our group was rocking out hardcore-in more ways then one ;) Guys, girls, lesbians (we saw a few)-no matter-The Candy Store will take care of you all :D Go get your jelly watch on!!!
5	The only thing to not like about this place is that it's small. Really small. I've lived inside of bigger tissue boxes. But that's just an excuse to get extra close to your special lady ;DThe girls here are very friendly, there's a large variety of girls, and a large selection of music. The decor threw me off, but you didn't come in to look at the couches....if you did, you have other problems. I've always had a good time here and recommend this place above all others of it's type in the valley. Female-Friendly dancers are hard to find....well, ones that give mind blowing lap dances are, anyway. I second Carissa!
5	Love going to The Candy Store with my Buds. Keep in mind I'm in no way an expert at T&A --- but even I recognized beautiful women when I see 'em! This place has improved over the years and far as female dancers go.$7 lap dances? Uhhh...one lap dance long ago was enough for me --  barking up the wrong side of the tree here --- but it was great fun. Girls can jam and do some kewl tricks.Now...I do know about their great Turkey and Top Sirloin Burgers. We often hit this place up for their great specials on Saturdays afternoons. Perfect spot to watch footballs games on the weekends. So overall, I kewl straight buds put up with many of my suggestions for our many of our outings so going to this spot every now and then isn't so bad. Sometimes being a fly on the wall can be fun! :)
5	T&A got to love it! Girls were lots of fun dances were inexpensive. Drinks and DJ were great. Met mike "the mayor" he fell in love with our girls. Def will be back
5	This place was great - we came around 4 pm, so no cover.  Then one of the hotties played about 10 games of pool against me and the boys.  She also happened to be the best dancer we saw all night.  On top of that, overall the personalities of the gals working there was great!  They were all very talkative and fun to visit with.
3	-DANCESI keep seeing reviews for $5 & $7 dances, not sure why but they're $10. But thats good they're $10 all day long. I don't know why places charge $20 and whatnot you can't even touch for that. The girl's skill ranges from average to excellent. Mostly average, but they get me aroused which gets the job done. I happened to be wearing a hat when I went and the girl used it in her routine, it was a nice little touch.-VIP ROOMThey also have a VIP room where basically you can grab their T&A. It's $40 to get in & $20 per dance. So It costs $60 to get in. It's exspensive I know but if you see something you just gotta get some hand time with, it might be worth it. And once you pay the $40 to get in your covered for the whole day.-THE BARThe bar is pretty good, it's missing some of the more common beer on tap but if you're flexible it's a good way to save some bucks. They've got a lot of the more common beers in bottles, a little more exspensive but not $5 bucks a pop like you'd expect. The bartenders are very cool and pour good drinks. There is one or two pool tables and plenty of TVs playing games.-THE WEEKENDTo cover my weekend experience, I didn't really enjoy it the most. First off I'm not the kinda guy that likes a big crowd and this is amplified on the weekend by how small this place is. This is the utter defininition of hole in the wall, but thats why I like this place. Secondly the girls don't approach you as much on the weekend, so it's like you have to go hunt them down, which is the opposite of why I go to the strip club. There is a $5 cover which is very reasonable. I have to say they come out guns blazing with the women, very good selection for whatever takes your fancy. You do need to be careful though some of the women are hustlers and some are real sweethearts just hoping to give you a good time. If you go to the VIP room they might say you got more dances than you did. This didnt happen to me personally but I've heard about it. One girl I brought kept reminding me how many dances I'd gotten(very nice) the other one kept trying to confuse me and buy her exspensive shots. Which sucks cause that one girl is ruining the place's reputation of good service and friendly atmosphere. Just keep your wits about you.-THE WEEKDAY I have a much better time on the weekdays! The place isn't packed, it's much quieter. It's just a cool place to relax and get some female companionship. Everybody's just so laid back and friendly. The women are always coming over to check on you. Their might not be as many to choose from in the middle of the day but there is nothing wrong with their selection. All very good looking women, but you may have to settle for smoldering temptress if the schoolgirl with glasses isn't in yet. There's no cover charge before 6pm so if you plan on being there all night come at 5:30 for free. Happy hour is everyday from 11am-6pm, $1 off drinks. -OVERALLA really cool, inexspensive place to go for T&A. P.S. the ATM charges $7 per transaction.
5	Tuesday was girls night so.....no entry fee!This is my second time coming to this place, the first time I was already pretty hammered, so this last time I felt I was sober-er at least enough to cognitively rate this place... and it still gets 5 stars in my book! Being that I've gone to places in the past like "spearmint rhino" and other raunchy places I've learned not to expect much out of strip clubs. The girls are usually trashy, look a bit like they're working to feed their drug habit and look like they haven't worked out in months. Yet, THIS PLACE! For 1 am on a Tuesday the girls were beautiful! I was surprised at how attractive everyone was and they were in great shape. Being a female, sometimes strippers get awkward with women, but these girls are friendly and seem genuine. Now the routines... i think a few times I turned my head and said "how do you hang like that?" this place really validates that stripping should be an Olympic sport. I'm still shocked at how cheap their lap dances are.SIDENOTE:, why do men like to watch you get lap dances? you go with a guy to a strip club and they want to buy YOU a dance. I'm fine watching from a distance, thank you.  I just have to awkwardly look like I'm into it while you're getting more enjoyment out of it than . Lets skip me, just buy yourself a lap dance. I'll yelp while you enjoy that for some time. Anyways. Being from California.. I had never been to a topless strip club that serves liquor... YES! Now I can drink while watching girls in white fishnets shimmying up a pole under a black light.. WINNING! God bless you, Arizona liquor laws. I like the lounge/seating set up of this place, really comfortable and not too crowded, still have the ability to walk around without side-stepping between people. The bartenders were great. very quick to assist, and friendly. If strip clubs are your thing, check it out.
3	Came in on a Sunday. No cover until 9pm so I said why not. Their drink special was pretty awesome, best deal I've heard so far. $3 for bottles, $4 for any draft. This place is pretty neat, nicely lit, dancers were C+. However, this place was far too small for me and the layout could have been better. You're pretty packed together and the TVs/bar is on the opposite side of the main stage. Other than that it's a great spot for a small group (2-4 people), any larger and you'd pretty much fill up 1/3 of the place. Also, dances were $10, VIP was $20.
1	Visited this club while on a trip to AZ for a Niners game; from LA. Not a very diverse or diversity friendly club my boyfriend and I and another couple (who all happen to be African American) we followed around by the security and the $100 bill we paid for drinks and tips with was passed around several times to validate it's validity. A few dancers did an excellent job with pole dancing and tricks but the music wasn't really good (not that we needed to hear rap or hip hop) mostly old rock music and no name house music. I would not recommend.
5	Recently had a chance to check this place out. Buddy of mine and I drove by this place and didn't know anything about it. We just finishing some home remodeling, sowe thought we would at least have a few drinks and unwind. Whata Whata Whooyee. Nailanation Doabrit! This place runs circles around some of the high end places you'd find in Vegas! Seriously, I don't frequent these places cause that's just me. but this place is clean, comfortable, fun, quality models and a great entertainment value!
5	Went here one time in April and one time in July. Both visits were great. Most girls are attractive, while some are a bit older at this place. Cover 5, beer 4,75, a dance 10, which beats most strip clubs anywhere else. It is a rather small place with two stages. Overall a great atmosphere!
5	That might be the last time I use the YELP search to try and satisfy my sweet tooth... No ring pops or bottle caps here folks!!! But since I was already there I decided to stop in and much to my surprise there was a solid vending machine next to the restrooms.. The $5 cover seemed a little steep just to peruse the vending machine selection... The young ladies working  the establishment seemed to be enjoying the surroundings.. A dimly lit ambiance in which to enjoy a "Big Hunk." Music bumping, fists pumping, and scantily clad women swinging around the red vines flashing their skittles around freely for the taking. Decided to leave a short time afterwards, before I was tempted to get a Milky Way. Top notch establishment, will visit again! Probably going to need another dentist visit after satisfying that sweet tooth.
