1	GROSS!! I made a terrible mistake by booking a room here.I had read decent reviews on hotels.com for the Quality Inn Tempe on UNIVERSITY Drive and I totally thought I booked that one.Sure, quality inn I wasn't expecting much, but at $100 this was a total RIP OFF.
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would!GROSS!!!! Unfortunately, I was given a voucher to this hotel from US Airways after they cancelled our flight in the midle of the night. I gathered my baby and 5 year old at midnight from the airport and brought them by shuttle to this place. The shuttle was the nicest thing about the stay. The rooms were old and gross. The beds were uncomfortable.I should've listened to my instincts when we heard a man demand his voucher back (at 1am), he wouldn't say why he didn't want to stay there.BUGS!!!!!!!!! BED BUGS!!! ANTS!!!!In the early hours of the am, we woke up to stumble back to the airport. I sat on the floor for 3 minutes (avoiding the beds my daughters slept on) and I got 8 bed bug bites!!!!!! I stood up quickly and realized what the problem was. I understand that ants are a problem in places like TX ans AZ, but REALLY??I am almost 100% sure the staff at this hotel is fully aware of the bug problem, and does nothing to fix it.The guy at the desk was unapologetic when we told him about the bugs. He didn't go to make a phone call or even write anything down. Yuck.I hope nobody stays here by choice, or otherwise. I will be alerting the health dept or other agencies relating to this problem.
1	Whoever manages the place just doesn't seem to care. Lots of things broken or missing.The obviously 25 year old air conditioner was slow but at least it worked. If you have a choice stay somewhere else!
1	I recently used their self parking service for a trip to the airport. The rate was the cheapest at the time so I foolishly made a reservation. The place was easy enough to find, but everything else was horrible. The shuttle leaked and was dripping directly on my head. The person at the desk didn't have any of my information ready, and didn't even know what questions to ask. I had to volunteer information so that I felt they wouldn't tow my car. The leaky ride to the airport took much to long because they transported one of their workers (who was filthy and smelled like a mix of urine, alcohol, and smoke) to their other location before dropping us off at the airport. They gave me a business card and told me to call when my plane landed and they would pick me up. I did but it took them OVER AN HOUR to pick me up. Meanwhile I saw shuttles from each of the other parking places pull up multiple times. One place sent at least 17 shuttles in that same time it sent them to send one. Pay the extra dollar or two a day and park elsewhere!
1	Unlucky to stay here with an airline voucher.  The air conditioning turns "On", but does not cool. I turned it on around 9 or 10pm, even 3 hours later, it was not cool in the room.  Checking the air output, the air was not cold enough.  I could not fall asleep for a long time because of the heat.  There is no way I would ever stay in a place like this. The shuttle took a long time to arrive at the airport and pick me and other passengers up.Plus side: I did not see any bed bugs that another customer experienced in the review. There was a working refrigerator, and soap, shampoo, conditioner in the place. The shuttle going back to the airport arrived at exactly the right time for me. FYI, the TV was an old CRT.  I did not turn on the TV, so that made no difference.
1	DREARYDark rooms, chipped paint, peeling laminates, uncomfortable beds... Just pass on this sad hotel.  To enter the "business center" a manager had to use a screwdriver to jimmy the door open revealing a computer 14 years old that wouldn't even print a boarding pass.
1	It's too bad that there isn't an opportunity here to give minus stars.  My wife and I stayed one night at this hotel because the rate included parking while we were on a short trip.  Upon checking in, we found out that the rooms in this fleabag hotel were almost devoid of furniture.  There was a bed, one nightstand, one lamp, a small dresser with a tv on it and that's it.  We were leaving on an early flight and wanted to take a 5:30am shuttle to the airport. We were told that shuttle was crowded so  we had to take a 5am shuttle.  The shuttle did leave on time but the van was filthy and there were no working seat belts.  When we returned to the airport we called for the van to pick us up.  After 3 more calls and an hour and 15 minutes, the van finally arrived and the driver apologized for the delay.  His apology did not make up for the 75 minute wait on the curb at the airport.  Of course, we will never stay at this hotel again and i would strongly recommend that no one else stay there either.
1	Worst hotel ever! I swear to god first night I check in no hot water and the telephone wasn't working and then they tell me that they are working on getting the water fixed and that was at 9pm and then by twelve noon the next day I still couldn't take a shower then they where acting like they couldn't switch my room and told me to walk to another room to go take a shower ! Then they tell me my room isn't the same as that room so they couldn't switch me and then I go to take my shower ITS THE EXACT SAME ROOM! So I go back to the front desk and demand them to switch my rooms and then the next day I pay cash and they charge my credit card when they already charged the room and security deposit when I checked in the hotels not even fascinating to have a security deposit they don't even have wide screen tvs the lightning in the rooms suck big time and their check out is at 11 in the morning. Then I fount bugs in my room and the front desk "manager" called himself saying I was lying like who really lies about bugs !! Awful awful I've stayed at plenty quality inns and this is the WORSE not worth it I don't recommend unless your a person who doesn't care about yourself hygiene or safety awful !
1	I was very displeased with how my room was. There were bodily fluids stained on various parts of the bed sheets and rust in the bathtub. The front desk apparently could not contact the manager who only works week days. They only provided us with an email and 800 number to try and report/fix our own problems. The front desk clerk kept leaving every 5 min to go do god knows what. I think there was only one employee on shift.
1	Booked this hotel as a last resort before reading the reviews on yelp.  All are believable after seeing the place.  My advice, sleep in your rental car.  Photos I added are of my room which was the nicest of the 5 rooms I booked.  Others had really old worn carpet, random pieces of furniture.   Outside the paint was peeling everywhere the signs that say "not responsible for damaged or stolen cars." were reassuring.
1	Hotel is putting false charges on my card. There was a dirty Band-Aid in the shower stuck to the wall. There were needles and syringes is in the armoire below the TV. Front desk is rude and I still haven't been refunded my money.
3	AdequateHotel pictures very deceiving.Our room was clean, free parking, free internet. Beds springy, ok for one, NOT for two. Courtyard unlit- you couldn't even see anything at night. No hot tub for us :(  Breakfast-not sure what those eggs and bacon are made of but they don't look like the real thing. There was a few other options though...waffles, apples, coffee etc.
