5	I have been *craving* a cheese stick so one o' those... Xtra mustard!... funnel sticks for dee-sert... and cherry lemonade!! Yummy, cheap, mall food court... this is what I call "simple pleasures" when feeding my cravings. ** For vegetarians- veggie dogs are available just not something I like. Also, as a girl who formally worked for coffee shops do "right" by the employees and upsell to a larger size for that extra $0.50 cents :)
3	I love cheese on a stick because it reminds me of my younger days at amusement parks. You could never find them anywhere else! Well, now I can, at a mall near me. I have gotten the American cheese kind, as well as tried the hot dogs. I'm not a fan of the hot dog, really, but the cheese one is good as long as its straight out of the fryer. Any later and its soft and icky. I like the lemonades- perfect when it's hotter than Hades outside.
3	I don't know why I was so disappointed here. I love corn dogs. I similarly love deep fried corn dogs. When I woke up craving a corn dog I headed down to visit the GF and cheat on her by going to the competition. There was one girl working and she was taking one order, collecting the money washing her hands and then cooking the order and repeating. I was 4 orders deep and had to wait at least 10 mins if not closer to 15 mins to place my order. How hard would it have been to take two or more orders, cash them out wash your hands and then prep and serve the orders? Would have cut my time in half and made my experience much better. Once received the corn dogs were a little over cooked to my liking and the breading was very thin. Not sure how they make the thick breading at the fairs I go to but I'd recommend they learn, its half the fun of eating a corn dog. The cornmeal! The flavor was good and most likely the only redeeming quality of my trip here...that and the fact they are now selling all beef hotdogs; did make me wonder and worry what they were using previously. I'd give them another try the next time I'm craving a corndog but not if there is a line and only one person working.
4	According to the Yelp rating, 4 stars means your a fan of this place and I am a huge fan of these simple yet delicious hotdogs and cheeses on a stick. I don't know what it is about this place as it is grossly overpriced for what I get but I keep coming back each time I am in the mall just to have one. Plus their lemonade is awesome to! Maybe it's those silly uniforms I am attracted to? Who knows. They have been in business for so many years now, I can't be the only one with an addiction to this place.
5	Oh man, their lemonade is good here! Sometimes I drive to the mall just because I'm craving some of the lemonade at HDOS! They sell a souvenir cup that's slightly larger than the large cup but gets you $2 refills when you bring it back. What a deal! Sometimes I forget to bring it though :(Love their turkey dogs and cheese on a stick. I don't know what it is, but they're just better than corn dogs elsewhere...must be the batter. The employees here are always friendly and serve your food/drinks with a smile on their face. They even warn you how hot your food is going to be because it comes fresh out of the fryer and onto a tray. Wish their pricing was a little lower though, but oh well they know I'll be back regardless! If you come here often be sure to ask for a stamp card so you can work your way up to a free item.
4	Not gonna lie, I never eat the food here because I know it's just okay. I don't really crave hot dogs! (But sometimes the funnel cake when I have a sweet tooth!!) The ONLY thing I buy from here is LEMONADE. Ohhhh..lemonade. It makes me thirsty just thinking about it! It comes in three flavors: regular, lime, and cherry. I don't get frozen because it doesn't give me a full blast of the flavor! Every. Single. Time. I get food from another restaurant in the mall, I will never order a drink. I always buy lemonade from Hot Dog on a Stick, because it's so tasty and sweet! It just makes you feel good and satisfied on the inside :) My favorite flavors are lime and cherry! The taste can be a bit sweet if you're not really into sugary drinks. And it is a bit expensive, but I feel like its worth it when you're washing down whatever food you ordered in the mall!Also, I suggest not to sit near Hot Dog on a Stick while you're eating because when the workers are smashing lemons from time to time, it's a really off-putting sound! It actually scared me at first haha!
4	Always a favorite when I go to the malls! It hits the spot and you can't go wrong! Best corn dog you'll have!
