4	A few days ago I was running errands in the Villeray hood and noticed that the ye olde laundromat that used to set fire to my clothes was gone. YES! But even better than that, in its' place was a wonderful new addition to the neighborhood - Cafe Vito! Started by Vito of Open da Night/Olympico fame (so you KNOW it's going to be a quality pull), this tiny gem of a coffee spot not only serves up classic, delicious espresso and lattes, but traditional Italian gelato as well. And although there are only a few spots to sit inside and out, Park Jarry is only a few blocks away so you can always get your goods to go!
5	I went to Vito's for the first time last week and it's a great new spot for a coffee and a sandwich. The most important thing to know is that Vito = Vito from Olimpico. The second most important thing - he serves panini he brings in from Navarino's, that other great Mile End institution. Definitely worth a visit.
4	Warm little gem up on Villeray near the parc! This tiny cafe seats about 7 people indoors, max, and even that is only on stools lining the windows looking out at the sweet duplexes and spiral staircases of this quiet neighborhood. The coffee is Olympico-perfect: that buttery, rich strong but not too bitter taste you're used to from sunny afternoons out on St Viateur. Vito himself pops out with a smile and a banter that makes everyone feel like a regular, and the glimpse of folks chatting, drinking coffee, and waiting on their wash in the laundromat behind adds to the feeling of neighborhood warmth that will make this place a magnet for me come snowfall.
5	Love this tiny coffee shop in my neighborhood. The coffee is as good as it get and you get it fast.
5	Dropped by for a small bite when we were in the neighborhood. My boyfriend is raving about the coffee, says it's better than anything he's had in Europe. The almond croissant was incredible, and we shared a Sicilian foccacia, which is a pastry filled with savouries - we had the pork, broccoli and Parmesan. All in all a delightful experience, and very friendly and proactive service. The owner clearly loves what he does and takes care of his customers.
5	I've known Vito for years and I'm ecstatic he finally has his own place!  Great coffee, great food, amazing croissants!  Come early, they run out fast!  Love coming here, like a second home.
5	felt like I experienced a time/space warp. I decided to walk about the Villeray neighborhood yesterday. It so reminded me of Montreal of my youth like 40 years ago. Small doors and windows, lots of stoops, few cars and a depanneur every other street.I loved the artistic vibe and the small town feel. Cafe Vito fits the neighborhood and vice-verso.I enjoyed a cold coffee and a chocolate dipped hazelnut biscotti. Yum! I'll be back.
5	True to my word, I have been back. This afternoon I dropped in (loving how despite it being only the 2nd time I have been there - treated like family). My first visit was as welcoming too.Today I had a cold coffee the chocolate dipped almond biscotti and a nutella-filled cookie - Yum!If I lived in the neighborhood I would be fat and very caffeinated.
5	Yesterday, I introduced my mom to Cafe Vito and she thoroughly enjoyed it too.This time it was about savory we both shared a cold cut & cheese as well as a sausage pannini & each a latte.Mom loves casual places and Vito's was no exception. It was novel for us to sit under the canape in the rain eating. We took 2 types of biscotti & the nutella cookie to go. Yum.
4	I was going to be passing by the Villeray area on the way to do some errands so I decided to stop by a coffee shop that had good reviews from fellow Yelpers. So I dropped in on Cafe Vitto for an Allonge and a bagel. The atmosphere was warm and friendly, the Alonge was on the bitter side but full and flavourful. The owner is dedicated and very friendly. Definitely recommend if you are in the area.
5	Ended up being in this part of the town.First thing I noticed? The quick and efficient is the barista here. Walked in, ordered my cappuccino and a croissant and before I had time to sit down and pick up the newspaper I was given my treats. I was shocked how quickly it happened. And the cappuccino was probably the best I've tasted in Montreal for a long long while. The croissant was disappointing though as it just didn't feel that fresh. I'm unsure if they were made that morning or last night but a greater care must be done to make sure those things stay fresh!The place is small, able to seat about half a dozen people or so and with the influx of customers coming in and out it can get crowded, pretty damn fast. However, the barista is incredibly good at his trade and those coffees come out like magic. Heck, people waited outside on the side window to give their order. It was very impressive and I found myself looking at him work instead of reading the newspaper.Price tag was just about right, coming to $5 + tip. (i like to tip!)As a Yelper, checking in providing me 1$ off a cannoli but I didn't take advantage of the offer. Maybe next time. Will be definitely be visiting again if I'm coming back this way.
5	Oh my oh my...this place makes THE best iced coffee I ever had in my coffee drinking career. (which only began last year) It reminds of Vietnamese coffee but without that condensy-sweetish milk taste. I think I paid about 3-4 bucks for it, correct me if I'm wrong about the price. Anyways, it's located closest to Jean Talon metro and on the corner of the street. It's a really small place so don't expect to have a Second Cup/Starbucks feel to it. It's a very cozy Italian coffee shop with some stools and an itty bitty terrace when it's warm. I have only tried their ice coffee based on a recommendation from a blog. But I am sure their other coffees are just as good. They serve paninis as well, and other foods but I didn't try it.Honestly, order the iced coffee and you won't be disappointed. I was certainly not, in fact if anything I was mind blown. I say this because I said to my friend, "WOW this is good!!" So check out this place if you're in the area!
4	Works as advertised; It's a guy called Vito, selling coffee. I dropped in here as part of the Indie Coffee Passport, and it was totally worth the trip up-town.The coffee was really really good (as Risa said in her review it's "Olympico-perfect"). I had heard other people talking about their fresh cannolis, and I've got to say it was one of the best. They add the cream when you order it, so it's super-fresh; The cream is fluffy, the shell is crispy, and it's all good.
5	Vito (the owner) used to be a barista at Olimpico, so right off the bat you know there is no funny business here. The coffee is just as delicious and the staff is as friendly as his old stomping grounds. My favourite part about Vito's is that instead of going in, you can order coffee (and croissants which rule my world) by take-out window style. That's a bonus especially if you own a bark-happy dog like me. I love Cafe Vito.
4	Amazing little hang out for great coffee and good company! Vito is also like a neighborhood mayor...good laugh!
4	Cozy little place, only a bar too sit at, though. No tables. Excellent latte, and the cappuccino was good. Good choice of panini as well (got the chicken one and really enjoyed it).
5	Italian coffee done right. My nonna would be very happy. An espresso from Vito is always welcome in my world. Not to mention, he's a kind guy too. You won't be disappointed. If you are, best to go to Starbucks and stay there. Ciao!
