4	this is a small quaint little-known gem on the upper side of madison.i had dinner here last night with my beau, my sister and her husband.  it was recommended by my sister's co-worker and i'm glad we ended up going there.  i had the spaghetti ala carbonara which was really good (even second-day, as leftovers).  it was a huge portion (two meals worth) and full of bacon-y, egg-y, cheese-y goodness.  the sig o had ravioli portabella which i tried a bit of and it too was very good.  the house red sauce that topped it was a little sweet which actually made it rather delicious.  my sister's spaghetti matarocco looked pretty good and her husband completely finished off his lasagna (he remarked wanting to get the recipe when he was through -- he liked it so much!).the atmosphere was quaint.  it is a small space so it's not very fancy -- but they manage to fit a number of tables in little room so i give them credit.  service was good.  food was good.  nice atmosphere.would recommend as a great little spot for italian and would definitely go back again.strong 4-stars!*note* there is no website for this place, but an old menu can be found  here: http://www.menupix.com/madison/restaurants.php?id=730090#the menu has been updated since, but it's fairly the same.
5	The food, the service and atmosphere were perfect in every way. I would definitely recommend the veal to anyone. This place is truly the gem of the north side. It was like being in Italy again. Grazie Bellitalia! :-)
5	Great food and wonderful owner and staff.  We always feel welcome and enjoy the food.  Our favorite is the gnochi, but we substitute the vodka sauce.  the first time we came the waiter recommended it that way and we were hooked.  The garlic bread is good and the cheese bread even better.  The bruschetta is good and also have enjoyed other special starters.  One was fresh mozzarella and prosciutto with fresh basil and basalmic glaze.  Yummy.We have also enjoyed the veal parmigiania and the baked shells as well as the delicious pasta carbonara.  mmmmmThe pizza is also something special.  The crust is crisp and the toppings generous.  The tiramisu is very good as well.The hours are great as we like to eat late.  We have brought a number of friends here and they also all enjoyed it.  To top it off, the prices are reasonable!
4	When I walked into this restaurant it seemed very comforting, like you would be at home.  Our waiter was very friendly and helpful.  We were hoping to have the fried ravioli as our appetizer, but they were out, so pizza bread was our next option.  The pizza bread was what you would expect.  It wasn't bad at all,  but just nothing out of the ordinary.  I ordered the veal ravioli for my entree.  The raviolis were quite large, sauce had a nice flavor and came out piping hot just the way i like it, and the meat was tender and not overpowered by the sauce.  I thought it was a really good dish. My boyfriend ordered the spaghetti carbonara, which was awesome!  It taste like "breakfast" with spaghetti noodles.  If you're a bacon lover, this would be the perfect dish because it has such a great bacon flavor to it.   We had seven people in our party and everyone was satisfied by their meal except for my brother who ordered tortellini with white sauce.  The two items just didn't mixed well together because it was too creamy and cheesy.  The dish would have worked better as a side or the tortellini would have been balanced better with a red sauce.
5	On average we make it over to Cafe La Bellitalia almost every week! Their food is delicious and trust me, there is NO other Italian restaurant I have eaten at in Madison that is better! From their homemade sauces to their amazing garlic bread, there is not a single dish on the menu I wouldn't recommend. The restaurant itself is quite cosy, the owner (Pietro) is always inviting and I would rate the service as 5 star (Angie is our Favorite)!! The prices are also very affordable, whether your looking to grab a quick lunch (they have great sandwiches) or a nice relaxing dinner there is plenty too choose from and you will NOT be disappointed!
3	Our family stopped in without a reservation on a recent Friday night.  It was busy (good sign) and we were told it'd be a 15 minute wait.  There isn't a lot of room if you have to wait, so hopefully, a) you're one of only two groups waiting or b) its warm outside.  Once we were seated, we were treated to adequate service...I like servers that are well-informed about their menu and can guide me to what is great there...we didn't get that from our waitress in terms of either the wine or food selection.Ultimately, we settled on garlic bread (fair), baked lasagna (very good!), chicken parm (good), and baked spaghetti (good).This isn't a place we would necessarily go out of our way for a meal, but the atmosphere is cozy and the food good.  If we find ourselves on that side of town in need of food, we wouldn't hesitate to swing by again.
5	You know a place is awesome when it's JAM PACKED!  I don't really like eating in places that are jam packed, BUT the cheery atmosphere and laughter only added to the goodness of the food.  We ordered the artichoke heart salad and Parmigiana Pizza.  AMAZING.  I was saying "mmm" all the way through!I'll definitely be back.  mmmmmmm
5	Thank you Pietro, for actually serving really outstanding food in one of the worst, dismal cities in the United States. Awesome is an adjective that still doesn't do this place justice. The pasta was delicious, the gravy was sweet, like it should be. The chicken was tender, I have nothing bad to say about this place, except that it is in Madison, WI instead of north Jersey, where this place would be home.After having to experience one of the worst restaurants in Madison, WI (Pedro's), it was a pleasure to visit and write about this one.
5	Great place to eat, been coming here for almost ever  :  ) you will love it.
5	This restaurant is an absolute gem in an area of Madison that is otherwise altogether lacking in restaurant options.  Don't be misled by the non-descript exterior or the old, faded sign.  Inside, the restaurant is charming, cozy, and the food is AMAZING!  Nice-sized menu with a large variety of both pizzas and pastas, including some less-common pasta selections that you don't see at any other Italian restaurants in Madison.  The food is always tasty and seems fresh.  I've eaten here a half dozen times and never had anything less than a 5-star experience (keeping in mind that it's not a 5-star restaurant obviously, but I nonetheless would call it a 5-star experience for what it is).
4	I love this place! It always feel like you're eating with friends in this cozy, cute restaurant. Great prices and generous portions of good food!
3	Stopped in here last night after the nearby Mallards game was rained out. I ordered a glass of the house shiraz and fettucini with clams in a red sauce. My mother, a vegetarian, ordered their vegetarian pizza, minus the bell peppers (in my opinion, being a vegetarian who hates bell peppers, broccoli, and cauliflower is a bit... limiting, but she makes do).The fettucini was cooked perfectly al dente, and the red sauce was bursting with some of my favorite things - onions and garlic. Perhaps mincing them a tiny bit smaller might have been in order, but my robust palate enjoyed them regardless. The sauce's high level of oiliness did detract from the taste, however. The clams were tender (although a select few were still gritty), and all were open. The garlic bread, on the other hand, was drab and uninspired. Cooked on an unimpressive slab of a stale roll, someone had dragged garlic butter over the sliced-open portion and called it a day. The house shiraz was fine, though, already aerated, and perfectly dry. They did remember to keep the peppers off my mom's pizza (which is far more of a rarity in Madison than it ought to be), and she was perfectly happy with its thin crust, which was the perfect mix of crispy and chewy. My mom was disappointed, though, that they used canned mushrooms on her pizza (especially since they are in season all over Madison), and from a look at other reviews, this seems to be standard practice for both the mushrooms and peppers.The service was fine, and the decor very old-school Italian-American. The portion of fettucini I received was so large that I was able to have both a late night meal several hours later, as well as one today, from the leftovers. I look forward to trying other menu items in the future, but I wouldn't go too far out of my way to eat here.
2	Not the worst pizza but definitely not very good. The crust isn't very thin and everything is just fair. The quest for good pizza in madison continues
4	Good food, good service, nice atmosphere. I recommend the peroni beer and the carbonara, The pizza was popular was well, with a crisp thin crust. We also had the puttanesca, but my wife and I didn't like it . Maybe it was too strong for her, but I thought it needed more anchovies and hot peppers ;) To sum up, there is a friendly atmosphere of a family restaurant and the food is good. This is a a place for a date or special occasion, yet affordable enough for frequent visits.
5	Best Italian food in town!  I love this place.  Everything about it was great--the family style ma and pop feeling of it, and the service and food.  I would come back just for the server we had--and I told her and her manager just that!  I HIGHLY recommend this eatery.  The other great thing about it is that it's gluten friendly, and still incredibly delicious!
5	Oh my can't RAVE this one enough. Came to Madison for 1 night looked around for  "out of the way" places stumbled across this one. Sherry was our waitress... ^5 Sherry. Asked what was good and she pointed out some great options. We were not told about some specials. Husband and I were celebration our 17 years of marriage. Hubby ordered Chicken Marsala and he loved every ounce of it.... BTW he's not a big Italian food guy. I ordered Chicken Alfredo.... very good as well. We has STELLAR service as promised by Sherry. Very attentive and a wonderful server.... tell her Milwaukee told you about her. :)  After we were done with dinner we were surprised with a most WONDERFUL piece of Tiramisu. I have eaten a lot of this dessert but hands down this was the BEST!!! Very high quality and very flavorful... it was so good I closed my eyes and let it melt away slowly. Hands down the best food from Milwaukee to Madison. www.cafelabellitaliamadison.com
4	Casual Italian dining. Had the sampler platter (spaghetti/manicoti) with chicken parm & Italian sausage. Portion was ample and tasty. Prices are very reasonable and the ambiance is warm, casual and a bit rustic. They also offer pizza, full appetizer menu & Italian beer!
4	Very fresh ingredients. Authentic Italian recipes. To me the decor is very authentic as well. This place delivers too, and fast! I agree that the garlic bread on the hoagie bun isn't the best but the have countless awesome items and I haven't even tried them all. I also didn't like the fried zucchini, but only because I prefer a thin zucchini filet instead of the large chunks.The Italian Beef is Amazing! Loved the fettuccine Alfredo. I think I like the Sicilian pizza is one of my favorites of all time. The mattarocca  on it is sooo yummy!
5	This place is great! The pizza is excellent, great service and very reasonably priced.
4	the food is good, the prices are ok and the staff is very friendly. I have been here a few times and most of my visits went well, the only issue i had was that when i went there one time and there was a long blond hair (from my waitress) in my pasta, but they apologized and made me a whole new plate for free so that made up for it.
2	We came here for lunch today because we were out running errands and we had a coupon (otherwise it's a bit of a hike from the West side)It is a cute little place, and it was very empty at 1 PM (only one other table seated, two more came as we were finishing). I ordered lasagna and a side salad and he ordered  the meat lovers pizza with no sausage and extra cheese. He said the pizza was tasty, but it appeared that they forgot to add the extra cheese (although they didn't forget to charge us  $2.50 for it-it would have been nice if they subbed it for the sausage). It seems like the extra cheese made its way to my lasagna. I felt like I was eating a pile of melted cheese and sauce. The sauce was a little too sweet for my liking. I did not see/taste any meat in the lasagna, and hardly even saw the noodles! It was supposed to be served with garlic bread but I did not get any.  My water glass remained empty throughout my meal, and although it was pretty empty the waitress did not stop to check in on us at all during the meal.
4	Ordered a parmigiana pizza for delivery...Hooo-leeee-shit. It was awesome. For literally the same price as a generic lump of "cheese pizza" from Pizza Hut I got one of the best pizzas I've ever had delivered to my home. I don't even like eggplant that much and I just fell in love with he breaded eggplant parmesan they topped it with. The cheese wasn't too greasy and they didn't slather the pizza in sauce and the crust was baked to a perfect thickness. And at $13 for a large I feel like I ripped them off.I also ordered some pasta but I can't really remember what it tasted like or what I got. So it was probably nothing exceptional. But if I'm ever in need of a delivery pizza anytime soon I know exactly who to call.
2	I have eaten here a half dozen times    I don't know why.  The food is average at best . I don't think anything is actually made there..  the vodka sauce is tasty but probably from a jar and the tiramisu is great but from a Chicago bakery.  Last time we ate there the sauce tasted metallic and burnt.
4	Each time we go, I order the Baked Mostaccioli w/ meat sauce. It is always excellent and my kids love it as well! I'd recommend dining in or ordering for delivery.
4	Gniocchi baked with marinara, mozzarella and meatball. Two thumbs up.
4	Love this place. Family-run, family-friendly neighborhood Italian restaurant. Their take-out/delivery is so-so in my experience, so dine in--I've never had a bad meal. Their red sauce is distinctive and the pasta tastes home-made--no corners cut, nothing from a can, so far as I can tell. Warm, friendly atmosphere. Occasionally they have live music on Fridays and Saturdays. I've always gone with my 3yo in tow, and they've always been patient and kind with him. Excellent place for parents who want a civilized meal at a place where their kids will be welcome.
4	I really like this place! Nice atmosphere, pretty good service, and great food. The space is smallish (about 15 tables), and you might have a wait on a weekend night, but they move quick enough. The food is really good and the portions are more than enough. We've tried several pastas (the carbonara is fantastic), the eggplant and the chicken parmigiana, and some seafood dishes. Always consistently tasty. I really like the red sauce - flavorful and slightly sweet, which is up my alley. Good place for an easy, casual meal. Family friendly but also good for a date, somehow. I believe they deliver, too.
4	We came here after finding a Bucky Book coupon for $10 off. We were a bit apprehensive at first since there was a single open parking spot when we arrived, but the parking lot must just be small because we had no wait when we got inside. We started off with garlic bread, which was decent. A table next to us ordered the bruschetta and it looked amazing, so next time we'll be getting that instead. My husband and his father split a pizza and both of them said it was delicious. The right mix of cheese/sauce and toppings. I had the veal parmigiana, which was yummy. The breading got a bit soggy since it was also covered in spaghetti sauce. But the sauce had a good sweet flavor and the veal had a nice spice level to it.The service wasn't bad but wasn't spectacular. Our server just lacked personality, but was quick with refills on water and beer and the prices were reasonable considering the amount/quality of the food. We'll be back!
4	The food was fantastic. Service, while friendly, was very slow and inattentive. I don't think we'd have a gotten a refill all night without asking for it, and several tables seated after us were served and received their meals first. I got the impression that other servers were better, and the problem was ours in particular and not the restaurant overall.
4	Actual restaurant is small, but if you go at the right time you can always find a table. I frequently have there pizza delivered. I would consider the pizza to be one of the best around. Excellent place on the north side!
3	Good restaurant if you go to the physical one. If you get delivery, don't order on a Friday or Saturday night. You will wait 2 hours for a pizza! We have had this done to us a few times where it takes a couple phone calls (After the initial order placing call, and mainly being put on hold) to get a pizza delivered.  If we wouldn't have called a couple times, we probably wouldn't have gotten dinner. Bottom line: Good food, but crappy delivery service on busy nights.
4	I live in such close proximity to Bellitalia that it's just silly last night was my first visit. However, it won't be my last because YUM!!!  It's a cute little hole in the wall with lots of character. Upon walking in, the aromas alone made me really glad to be there.  Our server was lovely and attentive and had great suggestions whenever we asked. The prices are reasonable and the portions are quite generous.I ordered the carbonara (it came with garlic bread) and my friend got a pizza. The carbonara was wonderful! Everything about it screamed homemade. And the bacon........the bacon was perfection and just the right amount too.  It wasn't at all a heavy dish like an Alfredo. I had some left over to take home, thank goodness (even thought I wanted to eat the entire bowl). The garlic bread was your basic garlic bread - nothing special, but it sufficed.My only wish was that the pasta had been fresh, but honestly, the dish was super delicious regardless and it's something I would totally order again.  My friend really enjoyed her pizza as well. She loves their chocolate cake too, but they were all out, which in retrospect is probably a good sign with it being so popular.Give Bellitalia a try. We're really glad we did!
4	If you're looking for Italian food in Madison, this is your jam! After trying a bunch of subpar and overpriced Italian places downtown (I'm looking at you Tutto), my boyfriend and I stumbled across this place while out for a motorcycle ride one summer night, and haven't looked back since. It looks unassuming from the outside, but is cozy and warm on the inside. Crowd is a mix of families and older richies from nearby Maple Bluff, but we've always felt welcomed by their super-nice servers. The red sauce is sweet, but delicious on everything. I usually go with the baked mostacholi which comes with garlic bread, and I always have leftovers to take home. My boyfriend swears by the calzones, which are HUGE. Like, the size of a large pizza just folded in half. Overall, a great little gem on the north side.
4	Italian comfort food.  Huge servings, tasty sauces, and a wonderful atmosphere.  The tables are close together, and dining seems an almost communal experience.  The waitresses really bustle and take good care of you.  My favorite is the baked cheese tortellini, and my husband always orders the chicken fettuccine Alfredo.  Nothing is fancy, just very filling and tasty.   The best part:  They deliver!  We order from them often, and where else can you get great Italian food delivered to your house?  They are a wonderful part of the north side of Madison.
3	Not fancy but very cozy family feeling. Went out on a limb and got the Pesto and shrimp pizza ... Pretty delish. The customers was done perfectly and it was a thinner crust which I like. I would come back again :) it worth stopping in if your in the area
1	The garlic bread was frozen. I got fettuccine Alfredo and it was terrible, it wasn't an Alfredo sauce and it was linguine. My boyfriend got the chicken Parmesan and it was soggy. We didn't eat there at all, paid for our drinks, and went to another restaurant.
4	Four hour drive home in the never ending rain. It is dark and we are tired and over hungry. We squabble over what to eat. Settle on an eggplant parmigiana pizza. As the restaurant closes, we pick up our steaming hot pie. It was "just what the doctor ordered". Just the right ratio of sauce, to cheese, to deliciously breaded eggplant. The crust was excellent. This experience gets five stars but my overall view must be a four. I have eaten here many times but some things are just uneven... Sauce too sweet, bread lacking in texture and flavor etc. A wonderful little hometown restaurant that hit the bullseye with that pizza. Mmmm
4	We are really fortunate to have this little gem on Madison's lovely Northside. They remodeled the former Ole'N Rick's Northside Inn (or Rick'N Ole's, depending on which side of the sign you read) after the smoking ban was implemented in Madison in July 2005 (5 years before the statewide ban). Many critics thought bars and restaurants would not survive without their smoking patrons. Ole'N Rick's owners retired and sold their quaint space early during the smoking ban implementation. It turns out, a little Italian joint is exactly what the Northside needed, and Cafe La Bellitalia has been building their business here for the last 9 years.We ordered takeout, and here is the lowdown:They have great pizza, with LOADS of toppings. There's no skimpy pizza found here! We ordered an XL of The Works pizza. It was huge and tasted great! One thing we have noticed during our 13 years in Madison is that there isn't a lot of really good pizza in this town. Bellitalia is a list-topper for us. Pro tip: they sell slices over lunch on weekdays.I was in the mood for pasta and ordered the homemade fettuccine Alfredo with chicken. It comes with a "side" of garlic bread, which is essentially a small loaf of Italian bread. I immediately devoured this garlic butter goodness (I rode my bike 65 miles today, so I can eat whatever I want, right?). The pasta was delicious with it's perfectly creamy sauce and they didn't hold back at all on the chicken. The portion was HUGE in the take-out container, definitely enough for two people.We've had great experiences, both dining in and with take-out. There's always a good crowd and they seem to be doing a great business. They've certainly been a great addition to the Northside community.
4	This place sure beats the large chain restaurants featuring "Italian" food. Amazing fresh sauces and huge helpings! The waitstaff has always been extremely helpful, patient and thorough and they did not disappoint when our larger party booked a table for a birthday. They accommodated our needs by adjusting the ac vents for us and served us exactly what we ordered and all special requests met. I was very impressed with their prices, too! For this high quality food and service, I expected it to be much pricier. Our party of eight totaled just under $100. Awesome deal considering you have a take home portion for lunch the next day. My only criticism is the dining area's tight space. It's no bigger than it was back when it was Rick'N Ole's. But it was and will be worth it for us. Good food for a good price.
5	We love this place. Small, quaint restaurant dishing up great Italian food. The garlic bread isn't very good which is surprising because everything else is great. The veal is a good choice and their pizzas are really good. If you can't decide I believe they have a sampler platter.
5	Very cozy with a great atmosphere. The food is spectacular, especially when compared to the other Italian options in the area. Chicken Marsala and Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo are some of our favorites. If you are looking to enjoy a nice Italian meal, you will not be disappointed. The only opportunity for improvement is with the small parking lot.
4	I love this place and I've never even eaten IN the restaurant. We order it to-go all the time AND they deliver which is awesome. Their gnocchi is amazing, and their red sauce is so delicious. It has a sweet note to it which was unexpected but I was pleasantly surprised. The only reason it didnt get 5 stars is because I'm not super impressed with the garlic bread. It's just ok.I really hope to get to the actual restaurant and try it out. If their to-go is good, I'm sure its better fresh. Definitely recommmend.
4	Went here with a friend for dinner last night.  We split the Italian salad.  Then I had one of their specials, which was a seafood couscous.  My friend has the meatballs mostachocoli (probably spelled that wrong).  The food was very delicious.  My seafood couscous had a nice variety, with clams, muscles, shrimp, fish, and fried calamari.  I tried my friend's dish and the meatballs were delicious.  The tomato sauce is slightly sweet, but not overly sweet, and had a nice flavor.  The only downside of the restaurant was the service/organization.  Our salad came out at the same time as the dinner and it took forever to get the garlic bread that came with our dinners.  Even though it was a Friday night, I felt like there was a little disorganization with the service/waitressing.  I will definitely be going back to try the pizza, as I have heard good things about their pizza, but we will probably not go on a weekend night.
1	Their food is decent but nothing to write home about. However, I placed a delivery order and was told it would arrive within 45 minutes. When It hadn't arrived in an hour and fifteen minutes, I called back. They said they couldn't deliver downtown but never bothered to call back. THEIR FOOD ISN'T NEARLY GOOD ENOUGH TO COMPENSATE FOR THE RUDENESS AND POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
5	whoot whoot whoot whoot whoot I'm a fan! now if only I can get my butt in her another time for some of that pizza! Run! don't walk
