4	We live in the area and thought we'd give PP a try for a low-key and cheap dinner.  The place was kind of dead, and definitely dark and kind of like a dungeon.  There are however plenty of tv's so makes for good sports watching.  The food was pretty awesome actually - had the turkey burger with brie cheese.  Why haven't I thought of that before?!  It was delish.  Hubby ordered the chicken breast with mashed potatoes and he liked it.  Service was good, except in the 45 minutes or so that we were there, the bartender broke 2 or 3 glasses.  I actually heard one fall and break and she was standing at the other side of the bar... perhaps the place is haunted and explains the "dungeon" feel??  In any case, the place gets a thumbs-up overall however I'm not sure we'll be back since Tailgaters and Uncle Bear's are much higher on the list for sports bars in our area.
3	I live nearby Payton's and have been there several times. The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly. They've got a well-rounded menu that offers something for everybody. Great wings and burgers.My two minor complaints is that the restaurant isn't very well-lit and the layout is poor. The downstairs area has been divided into a bar section and a restaurant section. The bar section is great with a giant wall full of TVs, but seating is limited - if you want a table in the bar section you're usually going to be out of luck. That means you have to either sit upstairs and deal with the poorly-placed pool table or sit in the downstairs restaurant side, which offers fewer viewing options.In any case, don't let this stop you from visiting Paytons.
5	I love the wings they are so good gotta be the best I ever had great atmospher oh and did I say the wings oh the wings are amazing
2	I really wanted to like this place. I had heard some good things about it, but I was disappointed, although I can't speak for the food b/c I walked out. Arrived on a Friday afternoon, around 5pm for an early dinner with my kids. We stood near the hostess stand and stood there and stood there. NO one appeared to be working there. After about 5 minutes the bartender walked from behind the bar and saw me, she looked at me, but didn't say anything or ever acknowledge me. She got some drinks for someone....looked at me again...ignored me. Didn't say a word, no gesture, nothing. She went back behind the bar, so I walked over there and asked if I was supposed to seat myself. In a tone, that appeared that I was bothering her she said "yes, but we're really busy". Actually they weren't, but considering she was the only employee I saw downstairs, they were understaffed. There were only 4 tables occupied in the restaurant area and the bar still had open tables. I left b/c clearly they were not staffed to serve dinner and serve the Friday happy hour in the bar. So, I don't blame the staff, I blame the people who run the place. Even if they had been busy, for the bartender to ignore me after looking right at me twice just rubbed me the wrong way, even if we were supposed to seat ourselves why wouldn't she say that, like every other restaurant that has self-seating.
4	I love going to this place on Thursday for 35c wing! Seriously you can get a full plate of nice big size wings for about $4.25. They have the best wings I've ever tasted. Their fries are homemade and very yummy. I wanted to try so many different things on the menu but I just can't give up their wings!
4	I like it!  Cheap beer, interesting people... I haven't tried their food yet, but I'm sure that it will be good.  The guys that I go with love the place.
5	Came in with my family to watch the UofA game got the best service EVER along with some really good if not the best honey BBQ wings I have ever had. They have this upstairs mezzanine inside where we sat at all of us got to see the game and had a good meal. the prices were comparable to any other bar or grill in the area. We will be coming back.
1	Good wings and cold beer. The rest of the food and the service was horrible.
