3	There is always a line, like your at an amusement park.  They have a lot of windows, but never enough tellers!
3	On a Saturday. In and out. Nothing spectacular happened but the transaction at hand.
3	Probably one of my least favorite Wells Fargo Banks that I have to unfortunately hit every once in awhile.  This Wells Fargo is located off Silverado and Bermuda.  This is also one of the busier ones inside since it's fairly close to Las Vegas Blvd and in a busy shopping center.  My biggest issues with this location is;1.  No drive thru ATM.  There's a drive thru, but it's for El Pollo Loco.  I've been fooled the first time I came out here and thought I was in a ATM drive thru to find it out that it's for El Pollo.  As a result, found myself ordering some chicken. 2.  The lines during the day are crazy long and it seems they take forever at this location. I know exactly why the lines here are long and you can thank guys like my brother-in-law that will only take money out of his own bank to avoid additional chargers. I probably spend more money on gas than the $2 additional charge.  I get my hair cuts at the Xpress Cuts located in the same parking lot. So, I really have no choice about hitting this Wells every once in awhile.  Not really sure why I'm even reviewing this Wells Fargo Bank, but I always feel obligated to write a review if I am the temporary Duke of the location.  That's right...who's house?
5	I am not usually a fan of banks in general, but this location could sway me back towards the dark side. No charge to cash a check drawn from their bank (other banks typically charge and give you attitude) Nicole was very friendly even while soft selling me on the advantages of switching to this bank. I regret that I forgot the name of the teller after I left. She was very sweet. If I ever decide to switch banks (which is always a possibility) this place is my first choice.Also Saturday hours, open until 4pm.
5	Usually hate going to the bank, but this visit was enjoyable! It was my first time at this specific location, and Rey was very nice and helpful. She also explained things to me very thoroughly in terms so I can understand.
4	I am a current Wells Fargo customer- and I just wanted to stop in an open an additional savings account. I had a very pleasant and easy experience.When I arrived I was greeted by a very nice personal banker- Alicia, I was asked to wait a moment while she finished up a phone call and then was kindly escorted back to her desk, she was very helpful and kind, and it was such an easy and pleasant transaction.
1	Be careful opening an account here. They charged me 19.95 for checks that I did not order. I only wanted temporary checks. (I did not complain) I was out of town in Maryland and used another bank acct check to deposit into Wells Fargo being that they did not have a Chase bank in Maryland where I was. It gave me 200.00 of the 500 deposited. I checked next day and it showed that it was kicked back unpaid. I checked Chase acct which shows it was never deposited. I went to the local Wells Fargo here  to deposit 200 and find out why the 500 was not deposited. They called and told me that it came back non sufficient funds and I explained it never hit my Chase acct and would show  them. They did not want to hear it. They could not even figure a way for me to deposit the 200 in to bring it back to positiveThey are closing my acct after only being opened a month or two. No other issues and absolutely no over draft charges or anything else. I have deposited checks from my other acct into Wells Fargo so I could use my atm card to avoid monthly service fees until I direct deposited into my acct. Possibly they did not like that, Just another corporate non caring, (this is the way it is) business!!!I called Wells fargo. They said that it showed a warning and they never actually hard deposited it into Chase. I advised that I have over draft protection and it would have cleared no problem and they could care less. I do have a recording from Chase saying that it was never deposited. Wells Fargo really does not care and just completely shunned me. I was about to add my direct deposit and refinance my car through them. I am glad this happened now. Stay away from Wells Fargo!!!! Unless you keep large balances and keep them that way. Then they are happy to deal with you then
4	I've been going to this Wells Fargo since I've moved into my new house. Although they are only two streets down from my old place, I will sometime go back to my old branch due to the service. There is not anything wrong. The tellers here are all nice. I was just blown away with how quickly the other branch began to recognize me by face and address me by name as I walked in. The ATM deposit has been a lifesaver for days where I need to get to work.
2	Aight so we picked up a checking account here because we have a mortgage through them (not our choice, they bought our loan from our original bank) which is fine but everytime we go in that bank they try to sell me something like moving my car loan to them, refinancing my student loans, etc... Etc... It's Christmas time and I waited 20 minutes in line while they had 4 out of their 6 windows open and they're busy selling stuff.  They're friendly don't get me wrong but I don't want to move anything, refinance anything, or anything like that I just want to deposit my check!!! There is always a line everytime I come in there I just don't get it!?!? Please stop selling people stuff when there is a 13 plus person line.
