4	I really enjoy going to newly opened and new Liquor stores around town. I had driven past Jones Liquors dozens of times over the last 8 months but  always seemed to be heading somewhere so never stooped in. The other day I finally stopped in to check it out.  It is in a small shopping center right next to a Don Tortaco. The store is quite small. About the size of a small 7-11 or other convenience store. It is also set up in the same way for the most part. There are some convenience store products (sodas, snacks) but mostly it is a Liquor store. The selection is pretty nice considering how compact the store is. The owner carries the basics of all the major brands of Vodka, Gin, Whisk(e)y, Tequila and cordials.  He carries a large selection of sub flavors too. 10 different Absolute and Three Olive Vodkas for example. There were even some relatively unheard of liquors he carries which is nice to see. The prices are slightly high in comparison to the "discount" liquor chains (Total Wine, Lee's) and just slightly below gas stations.  For example a .750 of Absolute was $27, which you would pay $19-$23 at the chains and local secret stores.The owner is pleasant and welcoming when you enter the store. He was happy to answer all of the questions I had asked him. The owner even offered to order a brand I was looking for that he didn't carry. He would have it in my no later than a week . I would normally give a solid 3 stars because of the price. I am bumping it to 4 stars because the owner was very friendly and the section was impressive for such a small store.   It ended up being a nice pit stop on my errands the other day.
4	Near by, convenient and good customer service, I wish it was 24/7.
4	Exploring my new neighborhood and this is the closest liquor store. Immediately I go to the cooler: Angry Orchard? CHECK! It's a done deal. I know where to go for my liquor needs.
4	If you're in the outskirts of the strip or live nearby, I think this liquor store is probably one of the best places to go to. No, it's not really about the prices, but rather the owner is really friendly. Like, you can literally have an awesome conversation with him. Out of the two times I had a conversation with him, I walked out as if I was ready to party it up.For example:"Yep, just going to buy this bottle of Tequila for my friends visiting from California."Owner: "Ah that's nice, bringing the party to Vegas huh?""I guess, I didn't want to spend too much money on them so I just got Cuervo"Starts laughing "Not that good of friends huh? You know what? Here, take this small bottle of vodka with you too on the house."Yes, both the times I come here, he gives me a little extra. Sure, the conversation makes me look like a total douche, but hey! I brought alcohol for my friends from California! No, don't think I redeemed myself.The place is small and it's located right next to Don Tortaco and Taco Bell. So if you need a quick munch, you can head on over to those places right after. As for the selection? There's surprisingly a lot of alcohol packed into one place. They also sell cigarettes too. Beers are all in the fridge, need margarita mixes? They got you covered. Vodka? A whole row of them. They also have SoHo, a Lychee Liqueur that mixes well. Usually, I can only find that at Bevmo, so that was a plus if I ever decide I just want to be a little pansy and sip on fruity drinks.So definitely come here for the service, the owner is very helpful and immediately asks if he can help right when you walk in. (Doesn't happen at a lot of liquor stores don't you think?)
5	I love this place! They are friendly and helpful. I will only go here for drinks. I even stop in for non-alcoholic items due to their customer service. Prices are great too!
5	Love this little liquor store. Close to the house. Excellent customer service, and I love that its a family owned small business. I come here about 3-4 times a week average (bc I have a drinking problem. haha) I just never check in bc I forget. So far, they usually have the stuff I need.. lots of wine, beer, vodka,  mixers... you name it. If they dont have something, just ask. My brother in law wanted a certain beer which they didnt have and the owner specially ordered it for him. And now he always has his beer in stock. This owner really cares about keeping his customers happy... which keeps us loyal! Enjoy!
5	This little liquor store is super clean! Sammy (owner) and Dave (employee) are the nicest guys! Better than having to go to your chain liquor stores due to the fact that its open most nights until 12AM. Great spot to pick up some good booze at a reduced price. One stop shop, including craft beer and really really nice spirits. Grab your booze, beer, smokes, and head out for the night. Location is wonderful for all those SW dwellers.
