3	Street vendors of coffee usually sell some third rate watery dribble of the rich brown stuff.   The same, however, cannot be said of these little gems scattered around the city of Edinburgh.  Offering single blend Indonesian Java in the form of cappuccinos, espressos etc The Police Box coffee bar is great for a pick me up coffee. Minute in stature and with usually one member of staff inside, you shouldn't expect rapid service but nonetheless you should expect a decent coffee to go.  There's always a selection of muffins, fudge bites and chocolate bars available on the counter waiting to accompany your drink. Prices are easily affordable too: your not paying for the novelty of a portable coffee shop.
4	Firstly, let me point out that there are a lot of these places scattered around Edinburgh, not just in Morningside as Yelp would suggest.These old police boxes which have been converted into small coffee bars are a true gem in the city - and I can promise that if you fancy a coffee at any part of the day, in any area of the city and you look hard enough - a Police Box Coffee BAr will be near by, waiting to serve you amazing coffee and a selection of snacks. Theres such a large choice you might think its bigger on the inside (geek alert!!).Drinks are of a decent price and while there is only ever one person crammed into the box itself, service isnt too bad. You may have to wait a while in the busier times of the day, but its worth it if you really need that coffee.
5	They make the best Mocha's ever! Fact.The staff are so very very lovely too! They love their job, and I love them for it.I absolutely love this little box, and all the little boxes throughout the city. I totally agree with Jonathan M - if you fancy a quick coffee on the go, find one of these boxes! Truly brilliant!
4	Who'd have thought one of the best places you could pick up a decent espresso in Edinburgh would be from a police box?It sounds like the punchline to an old joke, I know. Trust me though, the Police Box Coffee Bar is an innovative, independent chain that have converted a number of old maroon police boxes into cute coffee stands. There's a string of them across the city and they all seem to be staffed by baristas that know how to make a damn good espresso, cappuccino or latte. To top it off, the prices are low and they serve toasted bagels and breakfast muffins too. The only thing missing is a couple of tables and chairs.
