4	Looking for a recliner chair, I had a budget of $350 and was expecting the best quality for it. I browsed the selection at Mitch's and found one that met all my requirements except one- overpriced. And by that I mean that the recliner was not only outside my budget but also seemed to cost more than was necessary. I talked to the sales associate and told him what I was willing to pay. I had cash in hand and realized I could shell out $400 if the furniture was also delivered. The salesman made it happen, after talking to Mitch himself. The recliner was delivered later that evening and it turns out the delivery person installed it right in the spot it was meant for (due to problems getting the box through the door he had unpacked it and decided to just put it together.)I had a great experience with Mitch's and recommend them to everyone looking for quality furniture. Just don't be afraid to haggle the price!
1	After paying nearly $3000 for a bedroom set, the finish started wearing off after less than ONE MONTH! Every piece of the 5 piece set is wearing off. It looks terrible. The mattresses are lumpy and you can actually feel springs while lying on the bed. They used unfinished pieces of wood as 'support' for the king size bed and b/c the bed is one of those super tall beds, you can SEE the unfinished pieces of wood while just standing in the hall way looking into the room! They're response was to send me more finish from the manufacturer so i can touch it up myself! Really??? At the rate it wore off, i'll be touching this cheap garbage up monthly and i'm sure it will look just great afterwards right? DON'T BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS PLACE! The Big Tin Shed is MUCH better quality, selection, customer service AND great prices. I learned an expensive lesson...
5	We were looking for a new sofa for our living room and everywhere we looked the prices just seemed so outrageous. Found Mitch's website, and went down to their store and found what we were looking for. Talk about getting more bang for your buck. This phoenix furniture store has it all great deals and prices for quality furniture. Not only that, but the people working there were polite and helpful. I completely recommend Nobody Beats Mitch.
4	This is a great store to go to for a range of prices on various furniture and beds. The building itself and layout leave a quite a bit to be to desired, but I wasn't expecting a whole lot, so this was fine. We were instantly greeted and needed a guest bed for the spare bedroom. We didn't want anything fancy, just a basic bed for our usually drunk friends to crash on so we can keep the roads safe. Darrell was our associate and he was great. He didn't try to oversell, showed us our options, and even "walked away to give us some time to talk". I always like that. He was not pushy at all. The store itself is pretty crammed. They have an efficient system, though. There is a LOT of staff. They wear bowling shirts, even!. Upon checkout they fill out a hand written receipt and you even get to meet Mitch and he hand stamps the papers like it's 1960. Looks like have layaway, financing, and delivery available as well. They give eat customer a bottle of hot sauce. :) Ya get it, because their prices are so "hot". We pulled around to the front and a friendly man came and tied the mattress and box-springs like a champ right to the top of the car. It never moved an inch cruising on down the freeway home. Bed, box-springs, and base frame for a little over 200 bucks. All new. Not too shabby! I recommend giving this place a chance. I was a little hesitant because of the cheesy advertising, but was impressed with the quality and fast service for sure.
1	In January I purchased a couch and love seat set along with a bedroom set that included a dresser, 2 nightstands, and a head board. The headboard was pre-drilled for a full sized bed, but I have a queen which I told the sales associate so it didn't fit my frame when it was delivered. The man tried to charge $50 more than the advertised price for the set, which I think had something to do with the fact that I am blind and he wasn't thinking that my boyfriend would read the sign to me. The set was also advertised as oak and now, a couple months later I discover they are press board. When I called to ask about it I was told "that was our cheap set. It wasn't meant to be taken as actual wood."  I spent a total of $1000 there but will never do business there again and will not recommend them to anyone I know.
3	Shopped around for a couch. This place wasn't that much different than the major places. Same ballpark prices. Both top of the line, and crap. The staff was really cool and helpful. Nothing special as far as couches go. But they have all kinds of other furniture. It's definitely worth checking out. Pretty much the same review as the others.
4	This is our second purchase from Nobody Beats Mitch, and I just want to say thank you to the guys that helped my wife and I choose a great bunk bed for our kids. They love it! I definitely would buy from them again and recommend them to those looking for good deals on some quality furniture.
