1	I'm not sure about their grooming facilites, but the 'day care' portion does not live up to their advertising.  The facility is extremely small, and the employees do not seem experienced with different types of dogs.  I have an energetic puppy, and was told to bring him back when 'he was older and had less energy'.  If that were the case, I probably would not need to take him to day care.  There are much better options in town at a comparable price.
5	I've been taking my pomeranian here for about a year and a half. The place is very small but intimate, all the more attention to your doggies. They always do such a great job! I recently called to make an un expected visit, just mention my dog basils name and she already knew that she was their regular pomeranian! Never switching spots! They are great. I also brought my new beagle schnauzer in wo an appointment also and they happily took them both in..awesome girls.
1	This is my second time going to this shop to have my large dogs nails trimmed and honestly, after my first experience I believed "everyone deserved a second chance." Boy, was I wrong! This store is VERY unprofessional and has horrible customer service. They claim to work with "all types of dogs," but as soon as my dog barked at entering into a new environment the owner irately told me to wait outside of the store in 105 degree heat.  Then, after I waited for my other dog to have his nails trimmed and walked back in the store, she said my dog was too loud for them to cut his nails. Basically, because he was a pit bull, she judged him and ASSUMED he was a bad dog that was going to go on the attack.  There are WAY BETTER shops around the city and honestly, I would rather take my dogs to the vet where they are professional at all times and TRULY have experience with ALL DOGS regardless of their breed.
5	Anthony the new groomer is the best! I followed him from his old grooming place to this one we like him so much! Very nice guy and the cats always look great!
4	Not quite 5 stars but they were great with dogs. I will be going back again and I'd recommend this place to anyone.
1	We had used this groomer a few times and  had smaller problems in the past with inconsistent grooming but will no longer be using this groomer after today and if you care about the safety and well being of your dogs keep in mind this is the truth. I noticed on one occasion the woman responsible for my dogs care smoking on the side of the building. As I watched her, she noticed customers arriving threw her cigarette on the ground, cashed out said customers, then retrieved their dog without any sanitizing of her hands at all after smoking. I took my dog in and had made an appointment for that time and the clerk acted confused who or what I wanted. She had no idea an appointment was for that time. I didn't recognize the woman helping me so I asked if someone else was there to help me and lo and behold she throws an attitude and says that she may be new, but not new to grooming. I asked again to talk to someone else and the only other woman there is the woman who was smoking without washing her hands. They are incompetent and unhealthy and create an environment I wouldn't leave a stuffed animal in for worries it would reek of smoke afterwards, much less a member of my family. DO NOT USE THEM, YOU WILL REGRET IT!
5	I had a great experience at Zen Dog.  The man (Anthony, I think?) spent extra time with me during the consultation and he has been the only groomer that I have used in Las Vegas that has actually done what I have asked.  I have two male dogs that look so stupid and feminine for two weeks after every grooming.  I told him my concerns and I was so pleasantly surprised when I picked them up and they looked wonderful! Their prices were great and the customer service was outstanding!  I am a happy dog mommy!
5	Took two of my dogs here.  Both bichon mix and was really happy with Anthony's job.  Funny bit: my mom was complimenting one of my doggies as she was being brought out, completely unaware that it was actually our Roxy, even saying she'd wish our doggy looked like her... it wasn't until she was told it was our doggy that she took in the great job Anthony did.  Thank you bunches.
2	The good:it was quicklarge lobbyfixed their mistakeThe bad:Had to have nails redonerude employeehot/hectic/understaffedyour dog will be put in with a bunch of other dogs to waitUltimatum:I won't be going back. I don't understand all the good reviews, maybe we just went on a bad day? I didn't like the community area where they dremeled my dog's nails, and I didn't like that they seemed scared to do their job.I took my beagle/sheltie mix in to get his nails clipped (I hate doing them, and don't want to hurt him). I asked that they be clipped as short as possible, and that the dremel be used on them. They took him into the back (which was full of other dogs running around) and we waited in the front for about 10 minutes. It was crazy hectic and hot in there, so we took him home. I examined the nails at home and found that only a couple had actually been shortened. They had left most of his nails untouched.   I called, and they told me to bring him back in. I did, and one of the male workers used the clippers on him right there in the lobby before taking him back to dremel (again, there were other dogs running around back there). I told one of the workers that we had left without checking because it was so hectic and he responded with "well, it's the same place, now." A little rude, but I could look past it. When I got my dog back I checked his nails again. They were passable, but certainly not worth the $10 and the annoyance of having to bring him back in.
3	This place sits between 3- and 4-stars for me; while Buddy looks super cool in his new 'do, I don't feel like zen dog offered more than an average grooming salon, although the cut seemed more even throughout. I took my pup in Tuesday, just before 9am. I always warn groomers about his tendencies so they're more aware; he doesn't like having his nails cut, he doesn't like having his face trimmed, and that he'll give a growl before he goes to nip. He's old and senile, usually groomers I've taken him to (even just for a nail trim) tell me it's not as bad as I made it out to be, but I always try to take the high road- I don't want anyone to get hurt. The cut was even all around, which is sometimes hard to get with some groomers. Buddy's nails were still REALLY rough, he was on my lap on the ride home and it caught me by surprise when his nails scraped against my leg. He smelled good, but maybe a little too much of the fruity perfume. All around A-OK, I might use them again in a pinch, but I'll probably take him somewhere else next time.
1	Groomer (not the usual husband and wife that are there) sent my dog home with 2 clipper burns on her inside upper leg.  One was very large.  I understand that mistakes can happen but they should have told me and not let me find out when I was at home.  Annoyed that I also left a big tip.  Liked them in the past but will never go back again.  I just can't trust them now.
1	Very rude staff had my small dog for over 5 hrs when we go get him he was shaking he was so nervous never had an experience like this before
