5	Brian was extremely helpful in setting up HIDs in my new RAM 2500. Previous setup flickered and had issues, he informed me immediately that I needed a canbus setup to avoid issue. Price was fair, installed extremely fast, and a pretty good warranty on the equipment. I will definitely be back here for some trail lights and will be sending some buddies in for lighting as well. If you're looking for lighting of any kind, this is your spot!
4	Not to shabby.I recently changed my standard H13 Hi/Lo Halogen bulbs to H.I.Ds. This places seems to specialize in trucks and off-roading, but they did carry everything I needed for my 2007 MINI Cooper. I bought an HID kit and installed myself. It was a tad difficult, required me to drill a hole in my housing, but that just by my cars design. The only issue i had was constant flickering, and my lights only had lo beams now. So I called in to explain, and they said to come on by.I pulled up and they did some rewiring for me and my Hi/Lo beams work perfect now! However, the flickering is still there, I was told I needed to buy a couple little parts about $10 each so I guess its not to bad considering the overall price is still the best deal i could find even online. OVERALL:Quality of products: goodCustomer Service: goodHelpfulness: GreatPrice: Good
5	I went in to get my HID headlights replaced. They weren't overpriced and the guys were great. The helped change out the lights for me (I pulled the girl card).  I would definitely recommend them and will go back when I need replacements.
2	Arrived there, didn't know who to talk to so I just walked up to the counter. Stood there for 15mins until somebody asked me what I needed. He seemed cool with the other customers, but looked annoyed that he had to deal with me. Told him I wanted a 6k HID kit for my silverado. He gave me a box that looked worn and used. I asked him if the color of the HID kit would match the desired color I was looking for and he just nodded his head. After I paid and installed them myself, I realized that they were not the correct color and that the passenger side HID had to be turned off and on in order to actually stay turned on. I'm not sure if I got a used set of HID's, but this did not seem top quality. I called the store the next day about the guarantee I was told about, but he said if I returned them I would have to pay a $5 fee for shipping and return the set he sold me before he could buy the replacement. I decided to just keep the HID set with the wrong color and just turn my lights off and on every time I turn on my truck. Really didn't wanna drive over to shop where people feel annoyed to see me. Especially if I have to take out my HID's and put the OEM lights back on while I wait for the other HID set to arrive to their store. Plus pay for the shipping of their own messed up lights. Do not want to go back there. It' already feels a little uneasy to buy items you don't have 100% full knowledge on, let alone buy something where all the employees look down on you.
1	Been coming here for over 7 years to get HID after market lights from Brian on my Suburbans and have prob been back 100 plus times because the lights either go out while I'm driving or the relay kits are bad. I thought it was normal but I've literally had to come back multiple times for the same vehicles over the years and I've had times where both my headlights go out at night with clients in my vehicle. The kits I'm sure are bought from China and are not meant for a lot of the vehicles he's installing them in. Brian looks at my like this never happens to anybody else except your vehicles. I find that hard to believe because my assistant is sitting in his lobby right now with another gentlemen that said this is his 3rd time in there for the same issue with his HID lights. Brian is rude to me on the phone and the first couple years I referred a lot of clients to him but now I realize the products he's selling are junk and from another country. If it's not one thing it another. I called him today and he was short with me and irritated. The last thing I want to do is have to come to your shop multiple times in a year for the same problem. He looks at me like it's my fault every time I call him or show up with one headlight out. If you're going to get after market headlights here make sure you get some type of warranty and if you have to go back multiple times for the same problem in the first year I highly recommend you put your stock lights back in and not have to deal with the headache of driving out to mesa and waiting around to have your lights fixed multiple times a year. I'm a business owner myself and takes me a lot to give any type of business a bad review but Brian has made it very uncomfortable doing business with him as he's rude and arrogant on the phone with me. This will be the last time myself or my staff steps a foot into this business. You're not doing me a favor not charging  me every time I come in with a headlight out. Do the job right the first time and save these customers the time of not having to come back out multiple times a year. It's been nothing but a headache with these after market HID lights on my 2007 to 2013 suburbans. I've recently bought new 2015 model vehicles which have the stock HID headlights so that will save me the headache of ever having to come back to Get HID headlights.
