5	Cole Haan is a beautiful store.  In my last two visits here, with a few months in between, I have been very happy with my experiences. The sales reps always greeted me. They always alert me of special sales and promotions upon arrival. They ask me about my shopping, if I am looking for anything special or a certain style.  The store is kept very clean and the displays very neat. The shoes are stacked in their boxes, usually by size.  The mens' section is nicely organized as well.  I have found some real good buys here.
5	I'm a little bit of an old lady trapped in a 20-something body. I've been into Cole Haan shoes since my teen years, but I do think they are more in the "mature" side of the style-spectrum. While my peers were buying Steve Maddens, I was falling head over heels for the comfortable stylish, timeless sensibility of Cole Haan. I've had Cole Haan shoes that have lasted 10+ years and worn beautifully. They may never been trend-setters, but sometimes classic is best ! Once they partnered with Nike and started making comfortable AND classy shoes my Cole Haan addiction only grew. This particular store is beautiful, clean, and as Christina has said, the staff is fabulous. I can say I typically find better deals at Neimans or Saks (on the web) on sale, however, I'm ok that this isnt' much of a bargain basement outlet. It's honestly nicer than the full price Cole Haan store at Fashion Show! I'm not digging through trash and fighting crowds to find my Cole Haan shoes and for that I love them.
5	This is actually a really great outlet store with some awesome deals!!! Love the Nike air sole pumps. I've been looking around for a good new pair of black pumps since my Stuart Weitzmans are almost dead (anyone know a good shoe repair person in the IE or LA???) Found a great pair here, and they actually carried my size, amazing. Their deals aren't on the shabby versions of Cole Haan stuff like other outlets tend to do, the items are actually quite nice, just at a great price!
5	Great service, organized store and of course, stellar deals. The store manager here is great and they are very local-friendly. Let them know if you live in town!Cole Haan is owned by Nike so I appreciate that they look to making their shoes comfortable. I can wear my heels as tall as I want without limping in five minutes. My sister, I and my cousins love buying ourselves some treats from here. It's also all that much sweeter when we go to the Cole Haan retail stores at the mall and see the same thing being sold at more than double the price we procured it for. Durable, classic, gorgeous and reasonable. Love it.
5	I was in Vegas for a family vacation after my college graduation, and decided to finally ditch the backpack for some grown man swag. I found a steezy Cole Haan messenger bag/briefcase at this outlet store, which was winnahs all around (style + price + functionality). As I only purchased the bag, that's all I can comment on, but the service I received was great. The store is kept cool, clean, and well-organized. Recommended.
5	Great shopping experience in Cole Haan. the salesgirl was really nice and patient with me. The shoes and hang bags are more seasonal than New York. the shoe in fifth ave and soho only display staffs are for senior or mid-age rich people. Las Vegas definitely a fashion heaven. Love the boots and shoes, and hand bags.good price too. on sale. never had such good deals in ny.Guess every top brand stores has asian (especially chinese) sales assistants.
5	This is by far the best Cole Haan store that I have visited.  The salespeople were great.  It was an outlet store and the prices were great.  My wife and I spent lots of money at this store, but we got lots of nice things.
5	Great summer deals! Love the shoes and accessories.
5	50% off Lunargrands, plus another 20% off for Christmas savings.I love you?
4	This outlet location is great! When I went in December everything was 50% off. I was able to get a wallet I love for around $50. Everything in the store is very neat and organized so it's really easy to find what you're looking for. They also carry a good variety of colors for most items.
2	Let me preface my review by stating that I don't love shoe shopping. I have huge feet and finding what I like in my size becomes a chore. I dig Cole Haan the brand a bit, but this outlet store has very few options. I came here looking for a few specific models of men's shoes and they didn't carry them at this location. They also had few accessories and jackets. There were four employees just standing there, doing nothing but watching the floor, while me and the only other customer in the store had to flag them down for help. I don't like pushy sales people, but at least touch base with your customers and see if they need help. The last complaint was minor, but considering the poor selection to begin with, it stood out a bit more. You'd be better off at the mall locations, their online shop, or at zappos. The service at Cole Haan contrasted greatly with the Johnston & Murphy store. They went above and beyond to help me find the shoe I was looking for. The color I wanted wasn't available, but they had me try on the same model in burgundy so I could see how comfortable it was, then they ordered it online for me and shipped it to me.
4	I got my first pair of winter boots this season from Cole Haan. The gentleman that helped me was fantastic.Overall, a great store with both men/women sections.
