4	Pretty much the only Indian resto in this neck of the off the beaten path NDG. The store front says " Yagel Bagel", but go right in , you're at the right place. The establishment is small, only a few tables, and I've only ever been here for lunch, and so far so good. Reasonably priced , well prepared Indian food, perhaps not gourmet, but good nonetheless. I never had to wait forever to get served and the food was always piping hot, and prepared as I prefered. (medium spiced) There are 2 menus, 1 a la carte and a special lunch menu, featuring the veggie or meat thali, or briyani, with daal soup & naan, extra. The soup could have used an extra flavouring  of something or other, the naan was good & served toasty warm, the  chicken thali better than at some other places I've tried. The only other dishes I've ever had were: chicken Kashmiri, chicken Korma and the ever popular butter chicken... all good.  Overall, I've always left the place feeling pretty good, satiated and happy to have been referred here by a colleague.
4	The. Real. Deal. Finally, after months of beating the bushes and getting greasy fast food Indian everywhere we followed a trail to Express Indien and I'm putting it down as the best we've found of the dozen or more Montreal places. The small dining room isn't fancy but it's not gross either. It's a little hole in the wall place and the chef came out to talk to us--that kinda place. Perfect pakoras, flakey and not at all greasy. Wife got the chicken Tikka Masala, I got butter paneer, both were excellent. Lassi was great, naan was great, rice was solid. Everything you could ask for in real Indian that's neither served from a bucket nor pretending to be fancy. Go give these people your business.
5	This is by far one of the best Indian restaurants I have ever been to. that's saying a lot in a city with so many of them. The prices are unbeatable and if there is anything not on the menu they will make it for you.
5	Outstanding. After decades of dining at Indian restaurants all over Montreal, we find this absolute gem right in NDG. The best Indian cooking we've enjoyed since the Bombay Palace on Ste Catherine St closed its doors.
5	I've had the best thali of my life at this small, friendly restaurant on Somerled. Under $10 you can have almost half a pound of delicious food ! What I liked the most was the choice of dishes available to include in our thali and the possibility to have it more spicy. Also, the service is really quick and the people are so kind ! And they deliver!!! :)
5	I would highly recommend this restaurant first time my family and i Went There we absolutely fell in love with it the cream butter curry chicken dish is amazing the vegetarian dish are to die they give you the choice of level of spice you want in your food  the service is fast they are very clean and have a warm hospitality and I can't complain about the price it's very good
