5	Susan and Jim were fantastic to work with they work so hard and are true professionals I would highly recommend them to anyone looking to sell or buy a house.
5	Honest and professional. Susan and her team are friendly and caring. We purchased our home from Susan Ramsey several years ago but still refer her as the top real estate professional in the valley.
1	I would not recommend the Ramsey Team to market a vacant home.The owner did not listen, nor did they provide a true check of the property, as they claim to do. They may take a cursory look at the property, but it stops there. My understanding was that what they consider a "vacant property check" was more comprehensive.Communication with the owner in my experience was poor. Were the communication better, many misunderstandings could have been avoided. Two examples are: Provide informational flyers at the sign in front of the home. Provide a timed lockbox set to the schedule we required to be in compliance with the HOA (and courtesy to our neighbors). These issues were eventually corrected, but again, this is a communication problem.I returned to our property approximately ninety days after handing the keys to the owner. Upon a cursory inspection of the home, I found many items that should have been brought to our attention so that we could rectify them. These items included things like replacing the batteries in the wireless water softener/RO system monitor, and cleaning up after the disgusting pig(s) that felt that they were entitled to foul our bathrooms (I have photos, but am loathe to post them here).You should be embarrassed, Ramsey Team. You could have resolved all of these problems, even the most egregious one, with a simple phone call. But to get to that point, you would have had to have your eyes open when you checked the home.I would say that the office team at the Ramsey Group is professional and polite. They emailed us weekly market information, and if we had a question, or needed something, they were responsive. You may have a better experience with this business, but I would not suggest entering into a contract with them for a vacant home.
