3	The fruit and veg from here isn't always at its best and I did once buy a bag of plums from here on the cheap just to find they'd gone off, but it was on the cheap and luckily for this review I know to slow cook them and they turned out to be delicious.  This means there is a risk if you are buying the really cheap or out of season items, but other than that you should be okay.In general I don't want to put you off because there are some nice items on offer here, but you do want to keep your eye out for something that's simply too far gone.
3	As with the previous review I'll agree that this place is hit or miss. I used to work at a restaurant nearby and bought fruit here for drinks and dessert garnishes, I always had to be careful what I picked.However, it is cheap, has a good variety of fruit and veg and all the staff have good chat so I say give this place a go and make sure you keep your eyes open when your choosing!
4	Often when planning to cook a curry or noodle dish I've been perplexed by mysterious ingredients in the recipe - unfamiliar things like lemongrass and galangal or a particular type of chilli.  Invariably in these situations, a trip to Global Fruit and Veg. has solved my problem, as this small Bruntsfield greengrocer specialises in those hard-to-find items from around the world, alongside masses of fresh herbs such as coriander and mint.It's also a fantastic shop just to wander in to, as it's so colourful inside, with shelves and shelves of bright peppers and chillis, exotic fruit, green leafy vegetables, shiny aubergines and many other items, creating an overall impression of abundance and plenty.However, while it is great for unusual ingredients, I usually steer away from the Global for regular fruit and veg, as the prices are slightly steep and you can usually find the same thing much cheaper down the road.
3	It is a shop filled with an array of unusual ingredients that I wouldn't have a clue how to use but its handy to know its there and you feel good giving money to a local business.However make sure you inspect what you are buying very carefully.  I was in a rush and that was my first mistake.  I came home to find that my celery was hollow, my pepper had hole and my bag of potatoes was sprouting.  But other times everything has been fine.  I think inspecting your fruit and veg very is the key to being a happy shopper.  Also its the one place i have seen where you can buy a fresh Guava fruit.
