5	I couldn't have had a more different experience with Dr. Dani than the previous reviewer.  We have been seeing Dr. Dani since my daughter was 15 months, I believe, and she is now about to be 6.  He is EXCELLENT and always takes me seriously.  He is kind to me, kind to my girls, and my kids love him.  Joanna is amazing, too.  I had such a terrible pediatrician before Dr. Dani.  I am so happy that we found him.We are able to get in same-day most times when my kids are sick and the wait times are never unreasonable.  This is a fantastic practice.
1	I decided to find a new Dr since Dr.McGhee left. The office was extremely rude when trying to get my children appointments to get there Flu shots and  told me once I would have to call back because there books were not open for the previous week.And another time the lady on the phone said since Dr.McGhee left that place went down hill. And I agree! Recently when I went in to get my children's shot records they INSTANTLY TURNED RUDE when I explained I was seeing another Dr. Maybe if you had a more professional nursing staff and Phone staff I would be staying.The only nurse there that is great is the Man who has been there for years.To much change in such a short period is not good!! And I know many people that feel the same way :(
1	If I could give this place no stars I would, not based on the ladies in the front or the nurse who helped me.  This rating is completely for Dr. Shi.  She was not very friendly and as soon as she walked into my appointment for my 13-month old with a laptop, I knew this was going to go down hill quickly.  She asked the questions from her laptop and clicked away on the keyboard, fine, whatever, than comes to weight and height chart for my 13-month old.  Dr. Shi asks how many bottles is she eating? What does she eat? Blah blah blah.  She proceeds to tell me "Your baby is obese."  Really? A baby is obese?  Granted my baby is a chunk of love, but she's happy, healthy, growing and thriving, no need for labeling my chunk of love as obese.  I thought it was COMPLETELY uncalled for to say "Your baby is obese."  Her bedside manners are um what's the word?? HORRIBLE.  Maybe she should practice being kind when working with babies, children and adolescents.  Perhaps saying, "Oh, I can see she likes to eat, let's try cutting back on a bottle or two."  or maybe "We might want to watch her weight at the next appointment."  Instead she said my baby is obese.  Avoid Dr. Shi unless you want your child to be labeled or have her point out all of the things your child is not doing, she's your doctor!
