5	Great new spot in squirrel hill!  Loving it so far!! Fresh beer, tasty food, awesome staff & owners. No Smoking & loved the Vinyl records playing :)
3	Go for the beer list. It's extensive and local. Or the cocktail list - creative and fresh. Eat somewhere else - the food was overpriced and not very good.
3	A taproom serving only local craft beer is a nice concept, but it would work a lot better in a city with a better brewing scene than Pittsburgh, which has plenty of decent breweries but no real standouts. I found nothing exciting on the list when I visited, and several of the better local breweries (Full Pint, Draai Laag) were not even represented. Don't get me wrong; IBC is a classy bar and a huge improvement over Fanattics. If you're looking for a place to discover local craft beer, you can do no better. As a hardcore beer nerd, however, I want something special if I'm going to pay upwards of $6/pint.
3	The space is very inviting and a great place to relax. Very enjoyable beer selection. Ordered the fries, they were great. The big disappointment was the service. There were three servers/ bartenders which is appropriate for the size of the place and they were all super friendly and nice - but incredibly not with it. Our beer glasses stood empty for awhile before anyone came around which is totally inexcusable.also a server would come around to one table and have their back to the others  and just walk away without turning around to see if we needed anything, they were most always just out of reach and not paying attention to the tables. We waited an inordinate time for our check as well - no one was coming around. Inattentive and slow service really makes me not want to return.
5	Went on a Friday afternoon/early evening.  Small group turned into a medium group of 10 or so.  Service ramped up accordingly, and did a great job.  Great beer selection.  Sometimes places trying too hard on beer end up with a whole set of undrinkable taps, but that is not the case here.  Very good range including pale ales, IPS, coppers, and so on.  Limited food selection, but the mac and cheese and the roasted brussel sprouts were a bit hit.  Good music, and a classy feel.  This is a huge addition to the Squirrel Hill scene.
3	I came here on a Sunday afternoon with a friend. The bar staff is friendly and they'll let you try samples of the beers. They have the draft list on a big chalkboard. Since all of the brews are not big names, it'd be helpful to have a printed menu with descriptions. The vibe is very hipster for squirrel hill. The bar tender had a big hole in the middle of her shirt, which bothered me a bit since if it is your place of employment put a little more effort into the appearance of your clothes. However it fit into the ambiance of the place. They play records which is unique. I'm glad that squirrel hill finally has a decent bar, but it seems just like another knock off hipster place in Lawrenceville. I live in monroeville so I doubt that I'll ever come back here just for drinks. It just wasn't my scene.
3	Eh.  I had high hopes for Independent Brewing Company.  A bar that only serves local beer, has some great small bites and that is forging some great relationships in the community...  awesome.Unfortunately, we had a mixed experience.  On a random Thursday night we decided to grab a drink after dinner at Umi, managing to catch the tail end of happy hour.  We were greeted by a pleasant bartender and the owner, both of which seemed thrilled to have the bar full and people having a decent time.  From there though, I just felt somewhat underwhelmed.It seemed like half the drafts they had were either kicked, over-agitated (they had moved the kegs and kicked up too much yeast/sediment) or over-carbonated.  After two requests for beers on the board being turned down, I finally settled on a nitro brown and was greeted with a, "sure thing!"  By this point, we weren't really feeling a bar snack anymore, so we skipped on that option.Maybe it's a symptom of catching the tail end of what seemed to be a bumping happy hour, or it's just a new business working the kinks out, but I'm willing to give it another try the next time I'm in the Squirrel Hill area.
3	Met my boyfriend here for a drink on a Thursday night around 10:45 - apparently just in time for last call (BEWARE! THEY CLOSE AT 11 PM!), which I wasn't expecting! I had an Arsenal Cider - one of my faves - but was fairly unimpressed by the lack of decor. There just really wasn't much goin' on inside - or outside. I don't think they have their outdoor signage up yet. I know they're just starting out, so hopefully there are some fun improvements on the horizon! I'm not a big beer drinker, but their selection seemed pretty good with a varied mix of local brews. Looking forward to going back in a few months!
3	In terms of all the other (few) Squirrel Hill bars, this one is by far the best. However, basically my review will be a summary of all the previous reviews. They didn't put a ton of effort into the interior or exterior (since there is no sign). The concept of a chalkboard beer sign makes sense (because the beer is constantly in rotation), but it is so poorly written and dimly lighted that you can't quite read anything. I was trying to read the list of cocktails, which is written at the bottom of the board, and a bartender was standing in front of it; so I had to give up. The fries are great, but the other food is small for the price. Also, I get why their kegs might kick often but for being a beer place, the bartenders, servers, owners aren't totally knowledgeable. When asking for a beer that recently kicked, the owner offered up a beer that was just being added. The newly-added beer was on the opposite spectrum of the kicked beer, and it was overly carbonated. Suggestions: work on service (mainly attentiveness and beer knowledge) and consider a different method of supplying the beer listing. Lastly, don't have a mixologist who can't act as a regular bartender (I think he made maybe one drink while I was there and the rest of the time just leaned on the counter).
4	Really cool place. Good drinks and just a good vibe. Went with a group, but really think this place has the perfect ambiance for a date. Planning to go back for an international fry day (Tuesday french fries).  It's all drinks from Western PA. Arsenal Cider=delicious.
1	I'd love to review this place but my friends and I went in, sat at one of the booths for 15 minutes, the waiter walked by twice and never asked what we wanted. Would have liked to have tried a beer. We left and went elsewhere. Didn't want to put any stars.
4	I'll definitely be coming back to Independent Brewing Company. I met some friends here on a Friday night and we all had a great time. They have about 6-8 rotating drafts all sourced by local breweries, a great looking cocktail menu which included house bottled cocktails, and a short but creative menu. I liked all of the beers I tried and I thought they did a good job of providing a mix of styles. I also ordered the fried brussel sprouts tossed with a mustard vinaigrette and blue cheese, it was killer. That dish made me want to come back and try other menu items. A few things to note: This is not the place to come watch a Pens or Steelers game. Actually there are no TV's in this bar, you have to talk to people to be entertained. The horror, I know.There is no juke box, instead there are stacks of records that you can thumb through. When you find the perfect one you hand it to the bartender and he puts it on the record player for you. I ordered a Four Seasons Get Down Brown which prompted the bartender to ask me "Can you find me some James Brown in that stack over there?"Overall, great bar, great concept, great people.
5	To paraphrase the great Beano Cook, "Even Nero, the Roman emperor would be impressed. He almost certainly not want to burn it down. If I could be buried anywhere, it would be the Independent Brewing Company."
4	Great atmosphere and people. Only down side is that I wouldn't mind a "guest brewery" outside of their 150 mile radius.
4	Yeah!!! You have to get the Roman Holiday. It's a bottled drink and tastes just like Italy. Very bitter and lemony fresh. I haven't had the food yet because it seems overpriced, just like the drinks. The atmosphere is great and I would give it 5 stars if they would just drop the prices down like $2. I got two drinks this weekend: my staple Roman Holiday, of course, and some Fish House Punch, which was good, but now AS good as my Roman Holiday... and I spent $22!! I'd go here every week if it wasn't so crazy expensive, but next week I'll be shopping around for another delightful brewery environment.
5	After opening just 5 days after buying the building, the bar was sparse at first. It was, however, filled with delicious food that is ever changing, a draft selection that is also always in rotation, barreled and bottled cocktails during the week, and always some fantastic and inventive cocktails on Saturday nights, when their "Cocktologist" is in. Now, a few months later, the remnants of the previous bar are all stripped away, and the walls are filled with classic records, and wonderful prints by talented and local artist Matthew Buchholz of Alternate Histories. I love this place.To address some previous reviews:Local BeersThe taps change constantly, because there are a TON of breweries within 150 miles of Pittsburgh. And there's NOTHING wrong with featuring only local brews. To the guy that's posted on here, and their Facebook, and everywhere else that they should have a guest brewery: If you want beer from outside of the local area, go to any other craft beer bar in Pittsburgh. There are tons of them. The Independent Brewing Company is the ONLY bar in Pittsburgh that features ONLY local beers, and even offers ALL the locally produced spirits. The Food v CostAre you people insane? Look at the various menus they've posted online on Twitter and Facebook. The cheapest thing on the menu is about $5, and the most expensive has been about $15. And this is too expensive for you for fresh made food that doesn't use frozen or manufactured food?!? Really? Everything is made fresh. By hand. No frozen fries, no prepackaged crap. And the most expensive dish I've seen was $15. You can pay more than $15 for an entree at TGIFridays. DecorThey opened 5 days after taking control of the bar. It's previous incarnation, Fanatics, was the embodiment of every trashy Pittsburgh sports bar, with nicotine stained tin signs, neon signs, TUBE television sets hanging from the ceilings (Yes, TUBE television sets, multiples), and 30 years of dinginess. They reopened 5 days later...FIVE. No contractors, just the owners and the helping hands of close friends to make it presentable enough to open. This included a handmade mosaic with the IBC logo, great chairs, and some other minor renovations. Now the joint is covered in prints from Alternate Histories, which are hilarious. Take the time to look at them. Totally cool. And a huge selection of records....because iPhones and digital playlists are verboten.Cocktails v CostGone are the days of $6 cocktails with rubbing alcohol quality booze, that are overly sweet, and come in a pint glass. Deal with it Pittsburghers. A good bar means good cocktails, and not just good cocktails, but inventive cocktails made with only the best ingredients. The resident Saturday night bartender, Adam Henry, has done a damn fine job of creating a cocktail program for the bar. Not only can you get delicious bottled and barreled cocktails during the week, but he's there every Saturday with some of the most interesting cocktails in the city. Dry ice, emulsification, liquid nitrogen, obscure ingredients, and some really great presentation. Don't believer me? Order the London Fog, or the Sex Panther. Even if you don't see it listed on the chalkboard. Just make sure you're sitting at the bar.And for those of you wondering, I'm not an owner, or friend of the owner put up to writing this review. I've just gone enough to write a proper review, and thought it might be helpful to have all the info. Thanks for taking the time to read it!
5	The best bar in Squirrel Hill imo and the first non-divy place in the neighborhood (nothing against dive bars really, but diversity's good). Also patrons don't smoke inside and it's nice not to stink when you exit the bar (just my personal taste - no offense, smokers).The space is lovely, with space to stand up, a few high tables, and tables to sit smaller or larger groups. A few tables outside for warmer nights. It does not feel crowded, even when a few more people come in. It was not packed saturday evening (go there, help it thrive!), but neither was it empty. People were coming in and enjoying themselves. Great cocktails and a wonderful list of beers, many of which (all of which?) were local.We'll be back!
4	Not bad, not bad I must say.No smoke anymore, plenty of place to sit, even outside.The beer selection is great.I really really do like the atmosphere there, and I will definitely be coming back.As far as the food goes, we only had the fries so I can only comment on them, and they were pretty delicious, maybe nothing absolutely off the wall spectacular but delicious nonetheless.The place was pretty crowded so I can understand the servers being slammed (it was a little slow). Huge props to the guy that walked a block to give one of us, his card back - great dedication right there.The signature cocktails are only till 11? I'm not just sure why.I wouldn't mind the kitchen being open a bit later.Nonetheless, an excellent place sq. hill oh so needed. I actually have a reason to visit sq. hill now, and not smell like smoke (double yay!).
5	Have been there 3 times for Sunday brunch and a couple of times just to sit at the bar.  The beer selection is outstanding.  The bartenders know the beer well and make great recommendations.  They are not at all stingy with samples either!  The brunch is fantastic - good selection, tastes good and excellent presentation.  This week they had live music which was great.  We also sat in the in outdoor seating and brought our dog.  The waitress immediately brought over a water bowl for her and she got a lot of attention from the rest of the staff, which of course she loved.  I love this place and that it is walking distance from my house and I can bring my dog is a complete bonus.  If you haven't been here for brunch, you need to try it.
5	Finally, a bar for adults. No smoking. No TVs. No internet jukebox. Just all the taps pouring local beer, which gets to highlight the terrific microbrewery renaissance happening in SouthWestern PA right now.Outdoor seating and the doors that open outside are great on a pleasant night. Service is friendly, if a bit disorganized when they first opened - but it's gotten great. The food has also gotten really good - props to the grilled romaine salad, and I love their barreled cocktails and innovative guest bartender nights. Plus the $4 nightly beer keeps things on the cheap, no-frills (in a  good way) side.I don't understand anyone who is upset that there are no TVs here. Almost every other bar in Pittsburgh (Kelly's is the only exception I can think of) has a TV, often gigantic TVs that are always on, no matter what is happening. If you want to watch sports, great - go to every other bar in Pittsburgh! If you want to have an evening of fun conversation with adults, come to the Independent. Now if we just had 5-10 more bars like this in Pittsburgh...
3	I lived in Squirrel Hill a number of years ago and knew that this neighborhood was lacking in decent bar choices, but also understood that what makes Squirrel Hill so family-friendly is this "lacking." Does every neighborhood really NEED a craft beer bar? Probably not. Does it make it slightly more attractive to come to Squirrel Hill? Perhaps."Independent" features all PA craft brews and cocktail concoctions. It was nice to see a couple of breweries I didn't initially recognize including Costar (been living outside of PA for 3 years). Their saison they had on tap wasn't half bad and it was served in a tall glass. I did like that they served the beers in their proper glassware for each type.What surprised me the most was that 2 of their cocktails were offered in a draft form, and I almost wished I had tried those instead of having a beer. One was called the Roman Holiday with some kind of blood orange bitters while the other one seemed like a spiced up gin and tonic. My friends that came with me were long-time Fanatics bar-goers so they didn't know what to think of the craft beer bar set up in its place except that it felt "odd." I liked the atmosphere of this place, but I still don't think I would warm up to it being in the more low-key, quiet Squirrel Hill neighborhood. Perhaps a place like this needs to exist in East Liberty (although Kelly's Bar probably has the beer-cocktails thing covered in that neighborhood). I might have to give this place a second try on my next trip to the Burgh.
1	If you are not friends  of the bar.srvice is a joke. Don't waste your time, Better service serving the same. Is close by  try silky's. Food is non existent and little consideration of customers.   Save your money and certainly your time
2	I wish I could give this 3 starts as the service was great (quick and friendly) and the place is neat. I love the idea that they only serve local brews however they should just forget about serving brunch.  Went with a group of 6 on a Sunday afternoon and we were the only people in the place. Totally fine but was expecting much more from the menu as they only had 5-6 options to choose from. I went with the omelet of the day which was tomato, arugula and mozzarella.  It came with toast (they had no jelly) and a small salad. Everything was just ok and for $10 I  left still hungry.  Others in my party would not even eat their meal (the shrimp and grits was tasteless and over priced at $12).  You know it is bad when half the people leave and head to Dunkin Donuts afterwards.  I do hope to go back (probably hard to convince my friends) and try the beer and regular dinner menu.
3	I came here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon with six friends.  We had a reservation but certainly didn't need it - besides our group there was one other table with two people.  I guess the word isn't quite out yet that Independent Brewing Company is a brunch destination?I liked the decor - simple wooden tables and chairs and decorated with cool posters.  LOTs of great local beer selections and a full menu for mixed drinks.  I was there for brunch and only had coffee so I can't comment on the Bloody Marys this time.I was a bit disappointed  with my meal.  I chose the whiskey shrimp and grits and while it is served beautifully with nice spring greens on top and grilled shrimp it was fairly bland.  I even made it "hipster" by adding some Siricha sauce.  That didn't do the trick - it was still really bland.  My fellow diners ordered mac-n-cheese (must have been good because it disappeared quickly) and omelets.  No complaints, but no, "oh my God is this good" coming from my friends.I think I'll try again but will come for dinner and a beer (or two) next time.  So far, I'm not that impressed with brunch, but am not ready to throw this place out based on one meal.
4	Always a surprise what will be on tap. That means no counting on your favorites, but it's a great place for beer lovers and foodies who appreciate a little culinary adventure.
2	I've only been here once to get drinks, so I can't rate the food, but here goes:Atmosphere is nice. Bartenders are nice, although we did wait 10 minutes to get our check.The vinyl records are cool for ambiance but seem really inefficient since the poor bartender had to change the record every 2 songs. BEER: disappointing. I really want to like this neighborhood bar and I like the idea of only local beers; however, the beers they had on tap the night  were not good. We ordered a taster with three beers and a pint from Brew Gentleman and East End. I couldn't finish the beer- even the tasters because they were just not good. I feel like out of all the local beers they could choose, there are so many better ones. Pittsburgh does have good beers, just not the ones on tap the night we were there. Might give it another try to see if maybe it was just a fluke....I hope so!
3	High price, average beer. While the decor was "trendy" and "hip" I just didn't buy it.
5	Get in here now.  IBC is a wonderful addition to squirrel hill!  The selection rotates all the time and the beer is always fresh.  The record selection is great too and the bartenders are always pleasant.
5	They have the best on tap beer selection in the city and always have at least one tasty beer on special for cheap.  But the friendly bartenders and waiters and awesome Vinyl collection make this a Pittsburgh watering hole necessity unless you like Tom Brady style "uppity" bars with no character.  Also, bring along your favorite Vinyl album and definitely check out their special events they host. They're unique, fresh, and fun.
5	Love this new place right in my neighborhood!  I love their focus on local craft beers, so it gives me a convenient opportunity to try a lot of the new great beers from local breweries without having to travel all over town.  The servers and bartenders also are always very knowledgeable of the beer in case you have any questions.  Besides beer they also have some interesting cocktail options but I haven't tried them yet. Service is always very friendly and efficient.  When they first opened they had a very limited menu but they seemed to have expanded recently.  Their food also tends to focus on local products.  I've enjoyed several options there including their cheese plate, mac-in-cheese, and shrimp and grits (not the traditional southern kind, but it had sort of an indian or middle eastern flair to it with curry flavors, but still quite good).  It has a nice artsy atmosphere with some interesting artwork and vintage items, with seating both at the bar or tables and outdoor sidewalk seating.
4	I was glad to see another non-smoking bar option in Squirrel Hill. The beer selection, as others have mentioned, is focused on local or regional brewers. This generally means a good selection of tasty beers. I haven't seen the situation that other reviewers have mentioned in terms of running out of beers but that would seem to make sense given the above.The food was indeed the biggest disappointment. The portions are very small, the options are limited, and I didn't find them all that great. Good, just not great. It seems like the owners are envisioning this as a beer/cocktail bar with some side to munch on while enjoying the drinks. Unfortunately for me, I was hoping for something a little different.If they improve the food situation, this would vault into my top 3 bars in the city. Until then, I'm still very happy to have this option in Squirrel Hill.
5	Why on earth would a place called The Independent Brewing Company be one of my favorite bars/restaurants in Pittsburgh when beer (damned gluten) is verboten to me? Because the expertly crafted cocktails and creative, well thought out food in this warm, comfortable and friendly spot makes for a perfect evening, that's why.Let's start with the cocktails. (One should always begin with cocktails, right?) Adam is a genius behind the stick! Whether one has in mind a classic tipple or one of Adam's own creations, the attention to detail is nothing short of a marvel. His handcrafted syrups, boozy cotton candy, molecular creations of spheres and foams and such are only the icing on the cake of the expertly prepared cocktail before you. Try the London Fog to experience one of his best!Besides Adam, there's a constantly rotating bevy of the best bartenders in the Burgh behind the bar. You'll regularly find talent from Butcher and the Rye, Meat & Potatoes, Butterjoint and the like serving a specially created drink menu for the night. It might be themed - Big Lebowski comes to mind - or not. One never knows what surprise libations might be encountered!Then there's the dining menu. Some of the best fries in town can be found here. Handcut, fresh fried French fries. Boom. Pork belly, shrimp and grits, salads, sandwiches, steaks, desserts...all with an international spin. So good!Last of all, the space is so comfortable and friendly. Bar patrons chat across to one another sharing recommendations...and sometimes even a taste of this cocktail or that particularly delightful dish. Fancy, it isn't. A great place for a casual meal, great drink and a fine, locally made beer it is! Go.
4	I've liked I.B.C and its focus on local breweries since it opened, but recently they re-vamped their food menu and it's even better!  They took a few of the duds off the menu, and the things that are left are really tasty and a fun combination of food types and flavors (halloumi, mac-n-cheese, steak salad, shrimp and grits with Moroccan flavors).  The offerings definitely exceed your standard Bar Food menu.  They also have a great-looking cocktails and spirits menu, which I never noticed before or they've recently printed.  Haven't tried any yet, but other friends raved about how great they were. My only real quibble with this place is that the food portions are off-puttingly tiny.  The halloumi, for example, was like the size of a deck of cards, maybe? It was 2 bites for each of the three of us.  My salad was also Wee; I probably would have been annoyed had it not also had the steak on it.  I am someone used to small plates and fancy food, so I am not expecting giant, American-sized portions that could serve a family of four.  It's just that their primary identity is as a beer place.  For a place with such an empasis on beer, you'd expect a bit more hearty, satisfying fare.  My friends and I enjoyed everything we ate, but were hungry two hours later.  Perhaps we just picked the smaller/ less filling items.  This place is a nice middle ground between classy and casual; fussy and unpretentious.  As much as I enjoy their concept and what they have going on, my only worry is that they will alienate people by serving food that errs a bit on the side of  not a good value for the cost.  I think they could go a long way to avoid that possibility if they offered more happy hour specials on food and drinks.   Regardless, I'm really looking forward to going back soon and trying the sandwich and fries, or possibly the eggplant.
