4	Good bar food.  We ordered lots.  Sliders were hamd made patties on nice buns, tuna sliders were blackened and tasty, I got nothing bad to say about the chicken wings, and that's saying something, steak skewers were a bit dry, avodado dip was ok.  beer was ... well ... beer.  Right in the middle of a stretch of college hangouts, this one was a bit more upscale.  Plenty of people without being oppressive.  Gotta valet around back or park far away.
3	Great open air bar to hangout in and watch a game.  I had only one problem with this place, we had to leave early on Sunday and go some place else because they ran out of alcohol.  Ran out of alcohol!!!!
4	Good food great service make it hard not to like this place. The patio is comfortable and accommodating, and the food is surprisingly upscale and fairly priced. A great place to drink mimosas over a kobe burger for lunch, or to start off the night on your way out in Old Town. I've never seen it crazy crowded, so it's a good stop between bars to grab a quick drink or two.
4	They have a great happy hour going on here.   They have several drink options, which is always nice, including just "well drinks."  I hate being at the mercy of a menu that doesn't include what I like to drink and only has things like "Appletinis" and cosmos.  They also have patron infused with pineapple and mango and other yummy fruits in a big jug at the bar.  A shot is $10 but it was quite good - though my husband got it on the rocks and they charged him an extra $1.50!  What's with that?The food was good, we tried the bruschetta which was very very good.   It is laden with tomatoes, so much so that you can't see the bread!  They also put cheese on it which I like (and its actually how I make it)  but is not traditional bruschetta.  They used provolone which, IMO, only belongs on deli sandwiches.  It should be mozzarella.  They  use balsamic which was a nice touch but it meant the last piece of bread I got to was very very soggy.  We also tried the spinach/artichoke dip which was kind of light on the spinach and was fairly mediocre.  The bartenders were great, very attentive and friendly.  I have to say that I wish it didn't have the name Bungalow.  I was expecting to walk in and find a cheesy tiki themed type bar.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the inside had a nice lounge atmosphere.  I definitely plan on returning for more happy hours here and try out their $5 mimosas on Sundays....and my husband is intrigued by Shannon W.'s review of their Bloody Marys!
4	great patiohaven't had tried the food but drinks and atmosphere are greatget a spot outsideplace definitely lives up to it's name, pretty laid back yet classy
5	Love LOOOVE Bungalow.A place for all occasions: lunch, happy hour, dinner, pre-bar cocktails...whatever your fancy, Bungalow delivers.  Heres my Bungalow line-up:Lunch:  Strawberry salad or grilled cheese (the best in town) and friesHappy Hour: Steak skewers or bungalow bites (mini cheeseburgers)Dinner: Steak Foccacia sandwhich Drinks: Lotsa themGood music, clean bathrooms, great food, cheap happy hour.
4	Bungalow doesn't serve up just simply bar food (wings, burgers, etc.). The quaint downtown Scottsdale restaurant and bar, which is more of a bar scene after 8 p.m., features a large menu with offerings like the cajun seared ahi, filet steak salad and turkey, bacon and guacamole wrap (which I highly recommend).The bar makes a mean martini and boasts a sweet patio that overlooks Scottsdale Road. It's a good place to kick off a night on the town.
4	My husband and I ended up at Bungalow tonight because we wanted to watch both the Giants/Pats game and the Alamo Bowl (Penn St/Texas A&M), and after attempting to watch the games at Upper Deck (apparently there was a PSU alum event there and quite a contingent of Kansas bball fans...WTF??), we decided to head over to Bungalow. It was a great happy accident!Our waitress was incredibly attentive, very friendly, and not pushy at all. The beer list was pretty small for a bar, but whatever...our Bud Light bottles were only $3 so that was good to us.  The menu wasn't huge, but almost all of it (minus the burgers as I don't eat red meat) sounded yummy to me.  My chicken caesar wrap was pretty good, although I would have liked a little more dressing on it.  The fries were delicious...they were crispy with a slight hint of seasoning.  My husband had the Kamikaze burger and he thought it was pretty decent.Like Kristin S., I was expecting a "Tiki" like atmosphere (a la Drift) but was pleasantly surprised.  It definitely has a lounge type atmosphere, but luckily for us there was plenty of TVs for sports watching :)  I will definitely go back, especially as a first stop in a night of Old Town bar hopping.
3	The Bung Hole. Yea. Not really my favorite place. I love the actual bar and how it expands into the outdoors...that's cool. But the food is inconsistent. The sliders have really slid lately and have been way overcooked. Mine actually looked like a piece of charcoal on a White Castle bun. The steak I had, again overcooked, but had great smashed potatoes and perfect asparagus. Drink service was always good, especially when I was a regular. Sorta had the Cheers thing going on and everyone would yell THOMAS!!! OK, so I made that part up. But they are friendly. Now that I don't work in Oldtown, I really don't think about Bungalow. I guess that says it all.
4	I don't really go out a ton in Old Town Scottsdale anymore, but when I do, I like going to Bungalow.  It's really chill, great patio, strong drinks.  I've never eaten any food, just drinking on the patio with friends on various different occasions and I like it.  Of course good company make all places great, but I've even had a good time when not with the best company here. Great people watching.
4	Decent enough place.  I'm not a big fan of the Old Town Scottsdale scene and this is one place I could go without gagging on the pretention.  Food is nothing special but certainly better than typical bar-food.  Great patio!To Melissa H below, what's wrong with Kansas bball fans??!  Rock chalk Jayhawk!!!
3	I enjoy the part of the bar that opens up to the patio.  Like other Scottsdale 'tweener bars, this place suffers from an identity crisis.  Are they the aloof, whimsical Dharma, or the buttoned-down, money driven Greg?  Eh, either way, its worth spending as much time there as it takes to watch a nauseating late-90s temple-rubbing sitcom.
3	Came here for lunch the other day with a couple coworkers.  It is seat yourself at lunch time... don't think it is that way for dinner though.  Once sat the service was prompt... getting our drink order right away and giving us time to make our decisions.  I had their Kobe Beef Burger...the one with avocado and bacon.  This was very good, except that bun was kind of dry and took away from my enjoying the burger fully.  But on a more positive note... dry buns can definitely be rectified.  Hopefully they will see my post.  One of my coworkers had a chicken sandwich and he said the same thing about the bun.  All in all a good experience so I will be back.
1	What a joke! Whoever recommended this place for happy hour must be smokin' some serious crack. $6 for spinach artichoke dip. Guess what? It's the same price on the regular menu! The other choices are only $1 off and are mostly fried options. Lame. I was tempted to order the strawberry salad with feta. But for $9? I can certainly make that at home! I was tempted to try the kobe burger with blue cheese and apples. But my waistline didn't need it. Nor could I talk myself into spending $12 on a piece of meat slapped between two buns. No way. As for the beer, uhm... Excuse me while I roll my eyes. You won't find any taps here. That's because they serve only bottles. And not many of them, apparently. Best you'll find here is a Heineken. I'm ashamed to admit it, but I went with the Calorie Counter's swill-water known as Michelob Ultra. It was $2 during HH. I had to force myself to drink it. Instead of stay and endure the wrecked atmosphere and abysmal beer selection, my pal and I opted to pay for our drinks and go somewhere else. Somewhere far better. What a waste of time!That's it. This place is now officially re-named. Which do you prefer? Vote now with your cell phone keypad. Press 1 for Bunga-no-no. 2 for Bunga-noway. 3 for Bungaloser.4 for Bungalame.
1	This place is a huge waste of the space they managed to acquire. The one and only experience I had here was an all expenses paid work celebration happy hour, and it took all the good-humor I have in my body to have a decent time. It was hard just to stop myself from throwing bottles and stale chips at the staff and other patrons. The happy hour was arranged because it was one of the members of our social team's favorite bars. They spent THOUSANDS of dollars to hold an event with a couple of free drinks and some vats of appetizers. All the food was a step down from Applebees at prices that would make even Matt Leinart cry. And the brew selection is absolutely abysmal and has no taps.I don't understand what it is that drives Scottsdalites to blow a mortgage payment's worth of money each month on hang outs like this with nothing to do but stare at each other with awful domestic bottled beer and frozen Costco appetizers.The evening only became notable for how beligerant I was able to get from hefty doses of gin and tonic to where I invented some drinking games that involved tossing their crap food around their tables in a bean-bag toss type game. I don't think we will be invited back and I am confident I don't care.
3	Bungalow Bar and Grill always deserves a good look when you drive down Scottsdale Rd.  The restaurant  provides an open atmosphere that offers a local feeling bar.  One is not required to wear the normal Scottsdale outfits.   The service is consistently  prompt and efficient witch is a a big plus.Food, I have not been impressed with the food or the happy hr specials. Just because a bar serves restaurant food does not mean it's great food.
4	Huh, a lot of negative reviews lately.  We must be going at the wrong time because we've always been very happy with the food and atmosphere at the Bungalow. As long as some self-centered douchebag's not out there smoking a cigar, the patio's a great place to relax with some friends, a beer and some very decently priced grub.P.S. They have a pretty good steak sandwich.
4	The food is good, but too pricey. I've eaten a number of things off the menu and have not been disappointed in any of them. The only gripe I have is that everything is too expensive for what you get. I'd eat there more often if the prices were a bit more reasonable. I enjoy the patio and the atmosphere inside, even though it gets noisy even when it's not packed with people.
4	Wow, there seems to be some negativity about The Bungalow lately.  I have to say I have always had an excellent experience here, and this is one of my favorite restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale.  I love the happy hour specials and the bartenders make a dang good dirty martini, and the best cosmopolitan I have had.  I love the Kobe Hamburger, and the strawberry salad and filet mignon steak salads are to die for!  No matter what I have  ordered it has been great.  I bring friends here all the time, and we always have a great time.  Be sure to ask for Tawna.  She is the best person there!  Don't hate!  Appreciate the Bungalow!
4	This is seriously one of my favorite spots in Scottsdale! Bungalow has a great Happy Hour with cheap Cosmos and cheap eats. Sunday is especially awesome because of the $4 Bloody Marys. I absolutely love the Kobe beef burgers and Filet Mignon steak salad. The patio is awesome for people watching. I am so sad that so many people are writing negative reviews...I have always had great experiences here. Don't hate on the Bungalow!
4	I dont really consider this a sports bar, rather a bar&grill that had the game on.  Two trips here and the food is pretty good.  The burger was large and tasty with excellent fries.  Seems like a good place on a lazy Sat to hang out.  Not many people and good service and good food.
4	We hit Bungalow for Happy Hour last Friday, and I was impressed. The food was great! We had the sliders and the spinach/artichoke dip. I very rarely eat any beef, but I would definitely order those sliders again! The cosmo was also very good.I enjoyed the atmosphere - it seemed like a slightly nicer version of Kona Grill in Chandler. The openness between the patio and the bar is nice.What knocks this place down a bit is their pricing. I certainly wouldn't call anything cheap, even during happy hour. But this is Scottsdale, I'd always stay in Chandler if cheap was the only criteria for enjoyment.
4	I've always been a big fan of Bungalow, in fact its probably one of my favorite places in Scottsdale. The food is great and the cocktails are awesome.  Happy hour and dirty martinis are even better. My friend said the Kobe burger was one of the best he's ever had. I really like the decor and ambiance, plus you're spitting distance from lots of other great bars. Fun on Friday nights. Good date spot too, tables are intimate and you can actually hear a conversation.
3	this is one of those places in my line up that keeps my friends trusting me with picking the next spot.  i have said it before it is all about the patio in AZ an they have the best one in old town, great wrap around bar, with  a cozy fireplace tucked in the back, the menu is wonderful something for everyone making it great to go with friends or could even be a nice date spot.....Kaz bar is right around the corner and dinner here and wine and jazz there after is a perfect combo.  they have a great app list perfect for ordering a few items and sharing with drinks, love it go here once a week
5	I love this place.  In fact, I was surprised that I had not Yelped about it before now, since this is probably the place I have frequented the most since moving here.  I have had both average service and terrific service, but the salads?  Awesome.  Sandwiches?  Awesome.  And I love the patio.  It is my "go to" bar/restaurant when I just do not want to risk a bad meal.
2	They get 2 stars because the food was actually good, but good lord...can we get some service...or at least have the waitress that is RUNNING all the other tables out side to serve us???This was the first time in my life that I had ever stiffed a waitress on a tip...seriously.  It was "cute" the first time we waited 15 mins for her to come back to our table and give me a root-beer instead of a diet coke, but it wasn't so cute when we waited 30 mins for her to come back and give us the check after that.  My friend and I had to ask other servers if they could assist us because the server assigned to us apparently just had completely forgotten about us.Oh well...you live...you learn.  Good food, but the service was awful.  My friend that suggested the place has only good things to say, so maybe it was an off day.  I mean, it was a little busy because ASU was playing on TV, but the waitress handing every other table on the back patio was keepin' up and all her tables were taken care of...our server just had our table...Meh...
4	This is definitely the place to go to in old Scottsdale. A great outside bar, the service is expedient (one rarely sees bartenders with such speed and precision!). The crowd is mixed yuppie/professional/academic. The happy hour is not cheap, but a few dollars are saved. The food is pretty good as far as bar food goes. The salads are fresh and the dips tasty. I had chicken wings-also decent. In summary, this is a quite nice place, reminds me a lot of hip bars in hipper cities!
5	I truly love this place. I work in the area and I frequent it often. It is great for lunch. Love the Chicke Avocado sandwich. And it is convenient for happy hour. The TV's are nice and viewable. I typically am always seated at the bar.  Casey has to be my favorite bartender. She is so cute! All of them are good though. Never have to wait for  a drink.
3	Let me start by saying that this place has great atmospher: casual yet hip.And my pama martinis were so delicious that I had 3. Yes, 3.Ok, so here's the, um, amusing part: when I asked the server which dish she recommended, the ahi salad or the ahi sliders, she answered that the sliders have... carbs! He he. Seriously? No comment on the different dressing/condiments, just honestly informing me that sliders--have--bread. Wow.Ok, so the service wasn't as helpful as one may like.But the sliders WERE indeed delicious, carbs and all.Did I mention that I downed 3 martinis?
4	My friends and I started off Saturday night with drinks and appetizers at Bungalow.  I love being on the patio before the temperature rises to an uncomfortable degree and Bungalow has a big one.  It was crowded, but a group was just leaving and we snagged their table.I ordered the usual vodka tonic and was pleased to find that Bungalow pours with a heavy hand.  My group split three appetizers (chicken tacos, quesadilla, and spinach dip)  and all were delicious.  This surprised me because I really wasn't expecting the food to be that great.  I will definitely come back for dinner some time.  Our server was sweet, friendly, and prompt- no complaints there. This is a great way to start off the night- a little drink, a little food, and a not-so-little patio.
3	Decent prices happy hour-- $2 miller lite and $4 Sierra Nevada, but they have no draft beer:(  The place was set up nice, a big wrap around bar with 1/2 of it outside on the patio.  Would have been a much better time but 5 dbags were sitting next to us making it impossible to hear each other.  We shared the chicken tortillas, so I didn't try any of their appetizers.  The food was good for bar food.
3	The Beautiful Carin and I headed out for Happy Hour/Cocktails on a pleasant Friday evening. In a day of detoxing and retoxing; and given my predilection for places that I can walk to, we ended up on the corner of Scottsdale Road and Stetson at retox central...Bungalow.Friday was a perfect night to sit outside at the bar and have a scotch (or 2) and a marti and little a dinner. We hadn't been here in a while. I'd love to tell you that the bartender and all the servers remembered us from our last visit, because we are such witty and engaging conversationalists...I really would love that, but it didn't happen. Oh, we were (and are) witty and engaging! Truly, we are friggin' delightful! But I haven't ever seen the same people on the other side of the bar twice (in fairness, it's not like we are there every other week or something, but still...I go a lot of places where the same people are pouring drinks, etc., for more than a few months...it's not a knock...I'm just saying). That said, the service was excellent and friendly...but that could be the result of our preference for sitting at the bar when we hit places like this...the bartender is always more engaged.The patio and happy hour are really the reasons to go to the Bungalow...I've never had dinner or lunch inside, so this isn't a "dead of winter" or "heat of summer" kind of place for me. The ambiance inside just doesn't make me feel comfortable...high noise levels, echoing around...it sounds like a boiler room in there...you know what I mean.I just go for the patio and usually just for Happy Hour:)But, Happy Hour is enough to give these guys a solid 3 to 3.5 stars (sorry Bungalow...I am not a "round up" kind of reviewer...earn that extra 1/2 star).Carin had a marti (bar vodka is Skyy so that was nice) and I had a scotch (bar scotch is Dewars so, not so nice) fortunately, they have ice at the Bungalow. I can drink the barrel scrapings from the aging casks in Osaka that they use for Suntory "scotch", if I have enough ice...it was pleasant enough (they don't have a huge selection of fine single malts there, anyway).We ordered a grilled chicken quesadilla (pretty tasty). We also had BBQ sliders (decent beef with BBQ sauce on a pretty decent bun, with fries...also tasty!), and finally, the hidden treasure of Bungalow happy hour...the grilled cheese sandwich! This little treat is made with obvious love and care by someone who knows what a great grilled cheese should taste like (is that Paula Dean shoveling butter back in the kitchen???) I swear, the cook used  1/2 a stick of butter to grill this sandwich...3 kinds of cheese, toasted and cut into quarters...dripping with melty, cheesey, buttery goodness and love...ambrosia!!!The people watching is terrific...we watched a couple of well known pro athletes try pick up a couple of silicone sisters...peals and squeals of laughter as whispers were exchanged...so fun! We saw people unwinding after work, and the laughter increasing in volume as the empty glass count increased:)We saw a table full of "cheetahs" (I think that's right term for clearly married "cougars" out to tune up for the evening)...very entertaining conversations as they were platooned by eager young men, fresh out of the office and doing their best to impress.We saw some of the best and brightest of Scottsdale doing their best to kill a few million brain cells, impair their judgment and make very bad decisions to start their weekend:)The Bungalow, an inexpensive ($27 before tip) and entertaining dinner and show!
4	The food and service has always been consistently good here.  Love the open air bar.  The fries here are really good. Never had anything I didnt like.  Especially love the ahi sliders and the chocolate lava cake.  One of the best is the strawberry salad with their amazing strawberry dressing they make in house.  The waitresses are prompt and attentive and prices are fair.
4	I thought Grayhawk Golf Club had good sliders...this place takes the prize.  They are true angus beef baby!  Nice bar and outdoor patio area.  Watched the NCAA playoffs their (UA)...Great spot...not too crowded mixed with good company...just right!!
1	The guy who worked the front door Sunday night deserves to be fired. Sound harsh? Not at all. Had a supervisor overheard how he treated my friend he would have agreed.We pull up in the car.  It looks fine from the outside so we send in one of the five of us in to scope it out (check the menu, see if there's seating etc). Normal behavior. So my friend K, approaches the guy at the door and asks "what type of food is served here?" expecting a simple response like  "American" or "here let me grab you a menu."Ready for this...?? His response: "human food"HUMAN FOOD?!?!?!HUMAN FOOD!??!?!K is just an average potential customer, asking a fair easy to answer question.Okaaaaay. Being the sweetheart K is, she goes with it (it: him being a meeeeeanie) and asks if there is outdoor seating.He sarcastically, mockingly and and outright D-bagly points out how there is a seat yourself sign right nearby. How was this guy ever hired?Again a more appropriate responds (TOOL:) would have been "yea, the patio seems like it has some space tonight, AND I'D BE HAPPY TO GO CHECK FOR YOU" or "at this fine establishment it's seat yourself but usually the outside turns over quickly."  Sunday night's fine joke machine at the front door: I could happily give you several other decent responses you could have said to an innocent patron.Everyone and their mom has had some turn at being a waiter/hostess/manager/bartender etc etc in the food and hospitality industry, be it in AZ, SF, WHEREVER and KNOWS the #1 101 rule is: BE KIND TO THE GUEST(kiss@$$ , the customer is always right etc.)Add to that list: answer straightforward questions from your guests with flat out, non-acrimonious answers!Granted this review can say nothing about this establishement beyond the front door because we never made it that far.
3	Long day of car shopping me and wifey pulled in for a quick bite to eat.  Upon entering I was on my cell phone and must of been talking a lit loud (loud cell phone talker guy) and it was like the record stop playing and everyone turned to look at me, funny.  A little dead inside, had kind of an off-season in Cabo by the pool vibe, but I love Cabo and pools, so it was cool.  Anyways, took a seat outside on the nice big deck and was approached by a nice server named???? can't remember.  We ordered some Cerveza and Ahi Tuna appetizer and Split the Chicken Avocado sandwich.  Ahi Tunatizer was really good..nice pieces of perfectly cooked soft and fleshy Tuna in a wasabi soy glaze...it was great, definitely order that again.  The chicken avacado was good but the avacado looked strange, almost like if you painted blue cheese crumbles an avacado green and put it on there...it didn't have big slices of the green goodness but all in all it was a decent sandwich.  So for lunch I liked Bungalow and will be back to try more things...the beef satay looked and smelled fantastic from the table next door, so will tap the bungalow again some time.
3	We got there when it was opening. The atmosphere is nice. I especially like the outdoor bar that connects to the indoor bar through a window. I got the turkey, bacon, guacamole wrap. It was alright. I didn't love it but I didn't hate it. I may have just ordered the wrong thing. My friend ordered the steak sticks and they looked delicious. He also said the side salad was great. But I dunno, it just wasn't my favorite place.
2	It's not bad but definitely not my fave by all means and I feel when the option to eat here comes up, I double think that as an option and think of what else there is around. I'm not too impressed with the menu and it's definitely food you don't wanna order to go- just doesn't preserve itself well for a ride home (short one at that). If I do eat there, I will give them that they have an awesome grilled cheese. Multiple types of cheeses served with fries. I ordered an arnold palmer but I guess the girl wasn't too familiar that pink lemonade just isn't the same. Aside from having a meal there,the bartenders there are pretty nice. the one overheard me, comment on horrible the Peach Bellini they had there was (note do not order Peach Bellini- you'll thank me) and offered to make something I did enjoy. A lot of places in the area wouldn't have made the effort unless you know the bartender personally. So yea- not my fave and not my first choice but not bad.
1	I watched some football games here with my friends yesterday. They had the NFL ticket. I asked the old guy who works there what games will be on. He sounded like Steve-O from Jackass but with throat cancer. He said he didn't know and acted really cocky when my friend asked if they will have the Bengals game on. A lot of screens to watch the game. I am out here on vacation. I realized that Cleveland, OH is not that bad. I rather not deal with these people out here. The bartenders were mean as rattlesnakes. I want a bar maid who makes me feel wanted, talks to me, sympathizes with my situation and makes me feel good about getting drunk. Give me a regular hole in the wall bar. This place lacked authenticity. One of the servers almost made up for the place sucking so bad. She was a real pleasure to deal with. She was a kind person who realized that if you are nice to the customers, you will usually get tipped accordingly.
3	Have been here a few times and always thought it was a nice place to hang out until other places got going.  It's layed back, nice patio off of Scottsdale Rd, open bar to the outside, good bartenders and waitresses, and so on.  This time just had a drink and spent an hour or so there.  It was busy on a Saturday, which isn't out of the ordinary, and overall enjoyed the experience.  I never considered it one of my favorites but it is a good solid place.
3	I like Bungalow because its a great starting point for a night in Old Town Scottsdale. Centrally located, any other watering hole is in short walking distance, keeping the options open. Making this bar/grill the main location for your night out might pose some problems:-the drink prices are mediocre at best, so don't expect to be frugal.-the staff aren't anything special.-I didn't even know they served food, so it can't be better than average.-unless you can drop a pretty penny (and look the part) don't expect any good conversation.I can appreciate what this establishment is good for though. Bungalow offers a nice atmosphere to sit and converse with friends (not many locations in Old Town offer the ability to hear normal conversation)...
4	It's got some drawbacks, but this place delivers consistently good food at reasonable prices, and has a good atmosphere and lots of 'life'.  The staff all seem engaged and hard working.  My G/F loves their seared Ahi Tuna, and I love their Halibut - both consistently well prepared.  I also love the fact you can get good outdoor seating most of the time.  Two negatives:1) (medium issue) - misters ... seems like everyone has them these days, but I think they need to be used sparingly (if at all). Once temp drops below ... 90? ... 95? ... they should be turned off.  I've sat outside at Bungalow a few times now, dodging the mist as the wind blows ... 2) (big issue) - smoking.  Each time I sit outdoors at the bar to eat, I seem to be surrounded by smokers. I'm pretty sure they are allowing smoking at the bar in violation of the rules. I'm not going to complain directly to the smokers, but I think the operators of the place need to do something about this ... diners spend more than drinkers (though maybe drinkers tip more, and/or generate more profit? ) - definitely a downer on the otherwise great dining experience. I've even sat well inside the place, and noticed the smoke blowing in through the open bar area.
3	I stopped in here with my friends after dinner one night, and I have to say, I enjoyed it enough.  Obviously, we didn't have any food or anything, but it looked good from what I could see.  They have a great patio, and even though it was a bit chilly, they had warmers out, so it wasn't a problem.  Our waitress was really friendly and bubbly and was quick to serve us and return to us often.  I'm not much of a drinker, so I just got a Sprite, and unlike some other waitresses I've come across who look kind of annoyed with a Sprite order, she was totally fine with it.  In fact, she didn't even put it on the bill!  The vibe of the place reminded me of some bars in Chicago, which was reminiscent of home, so that was nice. The cons?  Parking sucks.  We just got lucky with a parking spot right in front of the bar, but otherwise...disaster.  Though there are a few people from different groups here, the majority girls are kind of uppity, plastic surgery-looking types, and the guys are looking to pick those types of girls up.  This is a good place to go with a group of friends if you're not looking to meet other people.  Otherwise, I might start here and go somewhere else.
3	Sitting at the bar is always my favorite spot. Great TVs and they are always on some good sporting event. Sliders are tasty, fries are the way they should be and drink pours can be generous depending on who's bartending.The patio is a nice little spot but can get a bit smoke filled depending on the night of the week. But they do have plenty of heaters out there so that is definitely a bonus!
3	Quite and relaxing for a thursday night, I wasn't there to long enough to have a drink and know that we were all ready to move on to the next place!
3	I tried to go to the BBQ festival at the Waterfront this weekend but the line was around the block.  For those of you who did get in, I hope you had a great time.I walked over to Bungalow and grabbed a seat at the bar.  What a great place to be.  The weather was perfect, the windows were rolled up, I could watch the Masters on TV and people watch.The Bungalow burger and fries were just OK.  The bartender was friendly and service was great.Overall this is a nice relaxing place to kick back and relax.
3	My friends like to come here because they do have a decent bar that opens up to the patio. It's a great place to watch a game or just people watch.  I've been here a number of times, and to me nothing has changed. It sort of reminds me of one of the bars in Pacific Beach off of Garnet in San Diego... fun, young, nothing fancy... Not exactly a dive bar, but not a cool swanky one either.
5	Excellent menu and happy hour food/drink specials. Tons of TVs and an outdoor patio with misters when it warm. I love this place, definitely one of my go to's.
2	My wife and I went for their happy hour and wi-fi yesterday.  We didn't know that Happy Hour started at 4:00, but we still ordered drinks at 3:40.  At 3:58, our waitress came over and asked if we wanted another round... sure!  We got charged full price!  Apparently I didn't fit in there because I wasn't wearing huge block sunglasses, wore a tight black t-shirt, had my hair spiked high or had Fashion Square Jeans on.  At least now you guys know what to wear.
4	Bungalow how I love thee. This was one of the first restaurants I discovered in Phoenix when I first moved here and I've kept a close relationship ever sense. Bungalow gives you the impression that you're eating on the waterfront of San Diego or Lake Tahoe. If you close your eyes and bypass the car noise, you'll see what I'm talking about. As one of the best outdoor eateries in Old Town, there food is top notch bar and grill dining as well. Have you ever tried a fried avocado? It might sound scary but it's anything but tasty. Bungalow offers an amazing HH special on drinks and appetizers but even during regular hours, the prices are reasonable. Day or night, hungry or thirsty, Bungalow is a great spot to relax with friends when the weather's nice. Menu Suggestions:Burger or Sliders - YUM. Chicken Sandwich - Topped with fried avocados, you have to try it. The french fries are tastyGive the artichoke dip a chance. It comes with soft bread and melts in your mouth. The wraps are tasty as well. If the weather is nice, be sure to secure an outdoor spot early or else you'll be waiting awhile to experience the outdoor gem of Old Town.
4	This was the next stop on the pub crawl.  I enjoyed a Jameson and Coke here.  It was a little off-putting when we were accosted at the door by the waitress with menus, ready to take our order, but she was clearly smarter than us because by the time we found some seats and settled in, the drinks were flowing.
3	My best and I went to bungalow on sunday afternoon for lunch...and upon first glance the place appeared to be closed with the roll down windows they have. I know in the winter time they keep the windows open, but during the Scottsdale summer its obviously too hot to do so. That being said...they might want to revise the roll down windows because it makes the place look closed. Anyhow...The food: the menu seemed to be pretty classic american grill, and the price range was great for lunch. We had the spinach queso dip and two wrap sandwiches. The spinach queso dip was not my favorite, something was just off flavor wise. The wrap sandwiches were great however, and big enough to take some home too. I also had a salad with balsamic dressing and the balsamic appeared to be homemade...delish :). The decor: I love how open this place is and the plethora of natural light. I can't wait to try out their patio with the fireplace during the colder months!Overall, it was a pretty good experience. Nothing phenominal, but it seems like a place where I can come and get consistency.
3	Having beat a friend to out dinner date, I sat at the bar initially to grab a drink (blue moon and orange juice :); bartender was super friendly and helpful.  Once she arrived we sat at a table.  Grabbed our own menus on the way and it took a while to get service - - throughout the experience.  Not a big fan of that myself ...If you have a sophisticated palette, AVOID the spinach and artichoke dip, primarily consists of mayonnaise - - consistency and flavor.Spinach and goat cheese salad was quite good, had them add grilled chicken to it.  The strawberry vinaigrette dressing served on it was nice.  and light.Atmosphere is quite nice, a little loud the night I was there around 7PM, but had big open areas by the bar that opened up to the outside yet still a very comfortable temp inside.  A few TVs scattered around if you'd like/need to catch a game.  Very chill.  I'll def try it again.
4	So my usual Saturday Kung Pao Poker Game was moved from Vegas to a penthouse at the Waterfront in Scottsdale. Ten guys playing cards till past dawn. Knowing I was hungry and broke I left the penthouse ahead of the security (I walked IN with that 52 inch hd tv), I headed into Scottsdale to get breakfast. So on Sunday morning the "See and Be Seen Crowd" was at "The Breakfast Club". Not wanting to be associated with cappuccino drinking Euro Trash, I went across the street to the Bungalow Bar & Grill. Sliding up to the bar, the Miller Lite was cold and the customer next to me was 25 years old, bikini clad, gorgeous and as hung over as I. We bonded over fish tacos, Bloody Marys and the complete disdain for the Breakfast Club Crowd milling around across the street in leather pants, oversize sunglasses and hair gel. Bungalow is the place to be for those who don't need to be at the place to be. Finally, alas, my romance did not work out. I will be released from the Restraining Order some time in 2014. But I will be back at the Bungalow very soon!
4	Bungalow is one of my favorite places for happy hour.  They have good specials and I love the happy hour food.  That grilled cheese is gonna give me a heart attack soem day but its soooo good.  I've also come here for a nice lunch on the patio too.  Service is good, food is good, and drinks are usually stonger than average (I like extra strong drinks)
2	I went to Bungalow on Monday night at 10pm because there seemed to be no other restaurants open in the Old Town Scottsdale area. Judging by the fact that there were about 15 people in the whole place, this is not their best business night nor the best reflection of the ambiance. We sat outside on the patio under the misters which was quite pleasant. The wait staff was efficient and friendly. I ordered a pomegranate margarita and the ahi tuna salad. The margarita was hand made (no mixes) and very delicious. If I hadn't been so tired I could have easily put down a few more of these. The salad, however, left much to be desired. The tuna itself was good but whatever they used to dress it made the salad horribly salty. It was as though they literally poured soy sauce all over the lettuce.Since I clearly went here on an off night I feel a bit bad giving such a poor review, but you're only as good as the experience you give your last customer, no matter what night of the week it is.
2	What a downer...ended the evening here...food...just regular ole bar food...nothing special...drinks just average...water tasted good and fairly priced...
4	I am actually really surprised I have never reviewed Bungalow before, seeing as I have been there half a billion times. It goes without saying I am a fan.... but as Yelp goes... I have to actually say... Bungalow is a great starting off point for your Scottsdale extravaganza of a night. My friends and I usually find this to be a great meeting up point for our first cocktail of the night and occasionally dinner too. Most every time I have eaten there I loved it.... Ahi tuna ap = yummy! Chicken wrap = so good! French dip = to die! and most recently the Tenderloin steak salad = so good it comes really close to beating the steak salad at the Vig, but not quite. The service is always great, smiles and are eager to help even if they aren't necessarily your server. (Side note: I really hate it when you ask a server for something and their response is "I will get your server for you" That isn't what I asked for ugh!) Anyway... it seems strange to say but Bungalow is great for no matter what you are looking for, they aren't just a classy cocktail bar. They are also my new found secret for basketball games.... they aren't a sports bar per say so they don't get crowded, but they always have the sound turned on and have tons of tv's including a huge projector screen. But shhh keep that between you and me, I don't want to have to relocate due to over crowding for games. ;-) Thanks!
5	Great place to chill out on the patio! Great food and a 'm a huge fan of the strawberry salad,spinach/artichoke dip..Great burgers, as well. Awesome drink menu, love the peach bellini! Definitely a must see in Old town!
3	Mimosas!!!!Any place that serves mimosas is A-OK in my book.  We stopped in this place while waiting for a table at a neighboring restaurant.  We'd been in here a few times before and it seems to be pretty consistent in good booze and slightly lack-luster service.  Not that the girls are rude, I just think they need a hostess because the place is huge and it's all seat yourself and the girls are attempting to rotate tables.We ended up getting only one round because we never got revisited until we had to stop someone for our check.This place has a good thing going, but just needs a better system to simplify the service and make sure everyone is taken care of.
4	Ended up dining here by default. But what a good thing. Food was excellent for brunch/lunch....with champagne or mimosas or belinisTheir portions are huge and loved the patio except no ocean view like my  favorite brunch/lunch place in Malibu. Other than the lack of ocean view- it was great. Bungalow is now on my list of favorite brunch places'
3	Looking for yet another place to set yourself at happy hour?  Then Bungalow is the place for you!  Their happy hour is from 4-7pm, M-F, and includes $2 domestic beers, $4 well/house wine/cosmos/etc, and $6 apps and small bites.  The atmosphere is open and welcoming, and they have a fantastic patio that wraps around half the building, for days when the temp reads below 90 degrees.  Their food is also pretty good (the grilled cheese sandwich is to DIE for, as is their Prime rib dip).  The cost is average ($9-$15 for a sandwich, and entrees running form $10 to $23).  My only complaint is the slowness of service.  I haven't been there yet when the food and drinks didn't take ages to get to me.  However, it's always been well worth the wait!
4	This is one spot in Old Town that I always seem to overlook, and I have no idea why! I always have a great time at Bungalow, and I always leave this place saying, "Why don't I come here more often?!" Bungalow's menu is great, the drinks are strong, the indoor/outdoor atmoshpere is fun and the music rocks. Bungalow's most noteworthy attribute would be its patio. I absolutely love it. It's one of the best outdoor patios in Old Town because you can sit out there year round. In the summer when it's a 100+ they have misters and then when it gets to be a chilly 40-50 degrees in the winter they have outdoor heaters! Actually, their porch is more like a veranda because it's partly enclosed and it extends along the outside of the building. The dim indoor/outdoor lighting totally makes you feel like you're actually in a... wait for it... bungalow! But in all seriousness, the name totally fits the atmosphere. It's like a laid back party at Bungalow, some people are all dressed up and some people are totally casual.All of the servers and bartenders are also awesome. I've never once experienced poor service, and what I enjoy the most is that their servers notice the little things, like waters, extra napkins, etc. Their drink specials during happy hour are also pretty awesome. However, I can't give this place 5 full stars because I'm not a huge fan of their happy hour food deals. Only select items from their appetizer list are on special for happy hour, and the options are just so-so. I wish they would include all, or at least some more of, their appetizers in their happy hour menu. But, I still highly recommend their lunch and dinner menus. You have to get their crispy chicken wrap and you also have to get their seared Ahi salad. The Ahi they put on the salad is so rare, meaty and perfectly seasoned. All of their salads are so fresh, flavorful and filled with toppings you almost forget how healthy they are! The calamari is another good choice. I don't think you can really go wrong with any of their entrees, especially since everything is so reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food that you get.    Year round, Bungalow is an all around great choice for a quick bite, lingering lunch/dinner or a night of all out partying. Next time I'm headed out for food/drinks in Old Town, I'll be sure to remember how much I enjoy this place!
5	I feel like people don't give the Bungalow enough credit.  I totally love the atmosphere they have created.  Great patio and definitely conducive for lunch breaks!  They have also hosted a Monday Night Football VIP party for Future For KIDS for the past few years-- and it is totally fun every time!  Also, I personally think there is something on the menu to satisfy everyone's cravings!
3	Not a bad place, the service was good. Stopped in for some appetizers and drinks.  Only bottled beer, nothing on tap was a bit of a downer. All in all it wasn't a bad place to hang.
3	$3 beers (coors light bottles), great patio... Reasonable food prices are the pros. Service was pretty good too.The con was the food itself. Everything was average.
4	A fun Sportsbar that fits the bill for outside/open air sports viewing and meeting folks............the food is waaaay better than typical bar fare.....especially the grilled cheese & mini angus burgers.........drink prices/happy hour very reasonable and the staff one of the most enjoyable so far encountered in Scottsdale.........great for football Saturday or Sunday mornings/afternoons as they can....and will put on games to your request fellow Dolphins Fans!!!
3	late night dining on a warm winter night is always fun. can't pass a whole lot of judgement as we came closer to closing time. i order chicken wings pretty much any chance i can and also had a burger there with jalapeno and guacamole. chicken wings wasn't anything above and beyond - but the burger was pretty on point. i like how they flash fry the avocado so that when u bite down it doesn't go sliding out the back end of your burger. nifty little trick.and aside from the hair in my ketchup - pretty nice place and everything was fairly priced.
4	Yes, perfect way to end a night.If you like the good vibes and meeting interesting people I would visit here. Go patio!From pilots, investment brokers, hippies, 9-5ers and to hotel owners...its a lil bungalow for sure.R\_
2	Its okay.  Simply 'okay' because there is not much to rave about ...and at the same time... there is not much to legitimately complain about either.  The location is great and they do have really nice outdoor seating.  The menu is obvious and trite.  The drinks follow suite and are a bit overpriced but not too terrible for Old Town economics.  I am a sucker for 'themed' places or locales with something that tickles my fancy... something that stands out.  Bungalow is nice, clean and somewhat indefinable.  It just is lacking that certain 'something'.  Overall there are dozens of better options in the Old Town area and you won't be missing out if you happen to bypass Bungalow.
3	Kind of stumbled into this place in a starving, hung-over, "I'll settle for anything at this point" state.  What can I say, the best part of the experience was the mimosa...  The food was average, but it did the job.  Great place to people watch and had a nice outdoor seating area.  I may give it another try when I'm feeling 100% if I ever get back to Scottsdale!
4	Bungalow is a Scottsdale staple and I have been going here for years.  Great vibe, good food (um, have you had the grilled cheese??), and terrific patio!  I recently discovered the Bungalow Juice on their Cocktail menu and it is my new favorite drink.  Love Bungalow!
3	Nothing extraordinary about this place. I had a house salad and a grilled halibut sandwich. The place was clean, the waitress was nice, the music was a little loud especially in the bathroom.That's all I got.
4	Went for lunch and had the French Dip sandwich....very good choice but man what a gutbuster!!!
4	i just like this place. i like the feeling i have when i'm there. it's so happy and calming and sunshiney. i like the guy with the darth vader voice, i think he's the owner. but i like him. he adds a certain charm, you know? "would you like a diet coke" suddenly seems new and fresh when he asks you. i love our servers everytime we go in. i love their patio. i like whatever marinade they use on their chicken. i like it all. i like the prices, too. and deep fried avocado? genius. purely genius.
1	No draft beer.   I had a mixed drink, my wife had a Guinness.  The can o' Guinness arrives, the waitress pops the top, beer streams out of the can onto the bartop and she hands her a medium-sized glass and walks off.  Total indifference towards the customer.Wow, that's some impeccable service right thereThe bartender that served us was absolutely indifferent, we probably could have walked in wearing monkey suits and she wouldn't have batted an eye.It's got a great location, but it just feels like a run-down frat house.  If they got their service together, it might be better but this was certainly my first and last visit there.There's nothing "genius" about this place at all.  Just another below average "you're lucky we let you in" bad service Scottsdale bar.Edit.  The most hilarious part was that the male bartender knocked a cocktail shaker onto the dirty floor below and it sat there for about 15 minutes.  He came back, picked it up and put it next to the sink.I told my wife "I bet he's going to use that shaker!""No, that's where all of the dirty cups and glasses go."Low and behold, he picks up the mixer and mixes a few drinks in it WITHOUT washing it.  Eww!  Come on now man, you can't do stuff like that.If they're picking up cocktail shakers off the dirty floor and then mixing drinks with it after it had rolled around for 5 minutes in the muck, what in the world is going on in the kitchen?I'm not about to find out.
2	stopped in for drinks and a bite to eat had the angus sliders... just ok... dry buns and the burgers looked like half dollars on the bun; small... drinks were ok and can't mess up a beer so maybe next time...
3	This place could have gotten 4 stars, except they got rid of the Kobe burger and the replacement was sub par. That being said, this place has a great outdoor seating area that allows patrons to sit at the bar outside. They have misters for when it is hot, but when does that happen in AZ :).......If you are in oldtown and are looking for a place to have some drinks and hang out with friends, this place will not let you down.
4	Happy Hours, very busy, but staffs there are great, and friendly.
4	great happy hour.  always comfortable, nice staff. we'll return often.
3	Yay! They gave us a very good vegetarian option that was cooked well. The salad with steak was good as well.Our server was also very friendly and accommodating.
2	First off to call yourself a bar and not serve tap beer is a joke. The bartender was rude and inattentive.The pork tacos were disgusting.that about sums up my experience.....
3	I'm taking a tour of Old Town Scottsdale eateries, so I ended up here at that Bungalow.  My experience here was nice.  I genuinely enjoyed every bite of my Ahi Tuna salad.  I ate it ALL up.  The service was nice.  the establishment was clean.  The lunch crowd was at a minimal on a Wednesday afternoon, so for sure, this is a place I would go back to for a nice lunch with a small crowd/ie faster service.
2	I'm giving this place 2 stars because it just doesn't have it.  First off, the energy in this place is lacking.....the food isn't anything to write home about and seriously, I could of made better in my own kitchen.  The SPINACH CON QUESO DIP was ok, but the chips that came with it were stale and the CHICKEN AVOCADO SANDWICH was dry and came out like a burger not a sandwich......The Skinny Margarita's are horrible and lack tequila and the bartender doesn't know how to make a good martini to save his life!As for the staff?  Well our first waitress was a little too friendly and just about sat in my husbands lap....oh, I know that a little flirting comes with the job and is what you do to get a better tip, but come on honey, how did you know that I was not paying for that dinner?  If I was, the only tip you would of gotten would of been a 'back off a little on the whole, I have daddy issues in flirting'!  I have to admit though, once we changed seats after our dinner and went into the lounge area of the Bungalow, our waitress knew exactly what she was doing when it came to her job and her flirting was exceptional.....she knew how to work it while still being a classy lady, and I respect that! As for the clientele of this place, it's a younger crowd full of loud drunk guys at the bar watching the football game.  What you expect in a sports bar.....Outside the crowds quieter and more tolerable.All in all, I won't be back and I won't be recommending this place to any of my family or friends!
4	Bungalow is one of my favorite lunch spots in Old Town. The food is good and there's always ample seating indoors and out, so you'll never wait. The menu is pretty diverse, but their home runs are the Americana options: Chicken strips and grilled cheese. The fries are delicious...Some of the best I've had. Not all the menu is great, and some of the true entree options are a bit overpriced. I wouldn't spend $20 per person on bar food, but perhaps others would. Here's the thing that makes me love Bungalow: The service is amazing. Because I'm here pretty often for lunch, we always sit in the same section and the same server 90% of the time. She remembers drink orders from visit to visit, as well as food favorites, etc. It's a touch that you don't get at most bar and grill type of places, and it makes me love going to Bungalow. The happy hour is also good, with a lot of those favorites available cheaper with good drink specials as well. I can understand why people might be disappointed here if they order steak or fish here (I never have), but if you come to Bungalow and stick to the basics, you're bound to leave satisfied.
4	Went last week for breakfast and they have a make your own bloody Mary bar. This is great especially if you are picky like me. I had a mushroom and ham omelet and it was pretty tasty. The waitress was funny and young, but cute.We sat out on the patio because I could smoke, which I love.my favorite thing was make your own bloody Mary.The food was yummy and it is a great people watching location.
1	Oh my God, tell me this place was just having an off night. Three of us sat on the patio on a not overly crowded Sunday night pre-Fiesta Bowl for a good 1/2 hour before we could flag down a waitress to remove the old check from the table and recognize our presence. 15 more minutes before our bad drinks arrived (I could not finish my nasty Cosmo concoction). Another 1/2 hour before spinach and artichoke dip, which tasted like vomit with cheese, showed up.Terrible in every possible way, save the nice outdoor space - a dime a dozen in this area.
4	Dinner here tonight, quick and easy business meeting.  I am not much of an old town fan and was very happy and amazed that there was no wait. I had the pork chops with mashed and I must say it was excellent. My friend had the stuffed chicken ,which was OK, his favorite but compared to the chops, not good.Our drinks were quickly served and refilled, our server was Angela treated us perfectly. If I find myself back in Scottsdale, I would bring another guest here!
4	Bungalow recently jumped on the breakfast bandwagon (about time!) and with long lines outside for neighboring restaurants, I think it was a smart choice for them. Now while I am keeping my four star rating for Bungalow, these four stars are strictly for the lunch and dinner and not for the breakfast. The breakfast is more of a 3.5 experience. It's ok...but it's missing a little flare. Their patio and ambiance is worth them opening for breakfast, but I hope that has time goes on, they will enhance their breakfast menu and add some unique flare that makes them stand out from other breakfast joints in the neighborhood. In the meantime, I'll stick to lunch or dinner at Bungalow.
4	Great happy hour specials. Drinks were readily flowing. Very affordable. Was disappointed that they didn't have any patio seating left. We were left confined to darkened indoors on such a sunny day. Also, the grilled cheese sandwiches, which I used to love, just tasted different to me, but overall I think this is a place to check out and definitely a bang for your buck!
5	Food - OH BOY!!!!  The wraps are not only beautiful, but huge and excellent, the burgers magnificent, the fries hot and deLISH!!!  Stopped in to watch the KU game on a warm February Saturday afternoon with some friends.  We had called the bar to ask if they were going to have the KU game on that afternoon.  The waitress told us she couldn't find the game, so it probably would not be shown.  BUT....in 15 minutes she called us back (Caller ID scores again), and told us they WOULD be showing the game. The waitress was very attentive, refilling drinks and checking back with us without being intrusive.  Great atmosphere, open patio area, GENEROUS wine pours, and a fabulous bloody mary/margarita (make your own) bar.  Really my kind of place!
3	I came during NY Eve and the place is rocking!I came on a regular Wednesday night and it was okay.  I like Bungalow's in general because of the atmosphere and location.  However, no draft beer!?  C'mon! I don't like to complain, but that's not cool.I ordered the Kamikaze Burger and it was very delicious I have say.  I came after a run up the Camelback Mts. so I was super hungry for some meat and beef of course! Bacon, Avocado, Pepper jack Cheese and some Chipotle sauce -- Yaoza! Definitely worth it even if I didn't do the run. The service overall was good and our waitress I must say was busting -- meaning she was working real hard wink wink. - Enjoy!
4	If you are out in Old Town and find yourself needing to go to the bathroom, Bungalow has the best restrooms.  I believe in the Women's restroom, there are 4 stalls and they are very spacious and clean too...Just in case anyone was wondering.
5	This is one of those Scottsdale establishments that's been around a while but I hadn't made it in to try it. Last night we broke off from our bike crawl pack to get something to eat. We rolled into Bungalows and found a great table on the patio-it was a perfect night to sit outside. Our server brought us our drinks and waters and food came out pretty quickly. My husband ordered the halibut sandwich, our friend got the cajun ahi tuna, and I tried the veggie burger. I realize most places don't make their own veggie burgers, and I'm guessing they don't make theirs from scratch here either, but it was really tasty. Not only was it covered with the standard lettuce, tomato, and red onion, but it also seemed to have a sauteed spinach with cheese topped on there which was delicious. Both my husbands and my sandwiches came with fries and we were talking about how GOOD they were! Fries are something I'll only eat if they're worth it....these were. Thin and crispy, YUM! Our server refilled our water a couple times, which always gets a star from me.Decor is as the name states: a bungalow. It seems beachy with an outdoor/indoor bar and "deck" seating. If only I could smell the ocean....
5	our last stop on the pub ride and we needed some food. luckily, bungalows was close by and they serve food late. we sat outside on the patio which is always great in our night time weather. we were served almost immediately and had our water glasses filled thoroughly. i had the halibut sandwich and it was crispy sweet on the outside, juicy and tender on the inside. the salty, crispy fries hit the spot as well. my wife had the veggie burger and was pleased as well. our friend had the cajun ahi tuna and it must have been good because it was in his belly in about 5 minutes flat!a great establishment in a great part of town. we need to come here more often.
4	Great location. Always solid food and drinks. A great place to people watch. Also my BF likes to watch games here. Nina (I think that's her name) is attentive and pleasant.
4	I stumbled upon this spot one night in Old Town with my boo after the club in need of some food....and this place was a hit! We were seated right away despite the fact that the place was packed. I ordered the chicken strips and fries and I enjoyed every bite. The food came fast and it was made to order!! The music was Top 40 , which was ok...wouldnt expect anything less...this is Scottsdale for heavens sake. I will be going back to this place!!
4	Great place to have a drink, do some people watching, watch a game and have decent food.  I like the indoor/outdoor bar and patio.  Had the steak facaccia sandwich which was very good.  Took off a star due to no draft beer.  I get it - probably a hassle or whatever, but come on - serve up some decent beer.  Still, I'll be back.
4	Most people know this place as a bar but they have great lunch options.  The menus have burgers, wraps, sandwhiches and salads that are very affordable (for Scottsdale) and the service is great.  I am not usually a salad person but so far I have tried the strawberry salad (with chicken) and the calamari salad and they were both fantastic and the half portion filled me up!
5	Bungalow was great! I will probably start going a couple times a month. The service was great. Everyone was friendly. Atmosphere was super cute, mellow, and classy. Happy hour is great. $2 domestic beers. They also have a "skinny girl" menu with tasty items/drinks. Food was yummy. Everything was perfect :)
4	3.5 starsCame here for HH on a Tuesday. Loved the ambience, sort of a beachy type feel. We ordered all the appetizers listed for HH, including the sliders, grilled cheese sandwich, wings (buffalo), and bruschetta. Food was decent, my favorite being the grilled cheese sandwich. A nice place to wind down with good company.
5	Came to this place after a horrid time at The Firehouse, very accomidating.  Service was a bit slow but the man working the tv's was all over it for the football games.  It usually takes forever for these bars to change stations or figure out their own systems but this man was walking arond with the remote knowing what to do.  And the food was very good and reasonable.
4	This is a fun little place in Scottsdale! A friend and I were looking to grab lunch while escaping the heat, and Bungalow proved to be the perfect solution. Service was a little crappy, but it was nice how the whole front of the place was open... you could get fresh air, but didn't feel like you were slowly dying from the heat of the desert air. Which is always a great thing.Our server definitely had a bad-itude going on, and clearly wasn't that excited to be serving us, but the show went on. She got our drinks and eye-rolled when we asked for water (really? It's 100 degrees!) so we kinda just chose to ignore her and have a nice lunch anyway. We weren't crazy hungry so we split the Bungalow Bites (four sirloin sliders with white American cheese and aujus for dipping) and we each got a side of grilled vegetables. The bites were super, super good! The meat was cooked just perfectly and the cheese was a nice touch. I could have eaten all four without splitting them, they were that great. The vegetables were cooked very well too, and seasoned just right. I was a happy camper.The prices were pretty affordable and the menu was a good size, so I'd call that a good situation. If only the server would have been as content as we were!
4	Co-workers told me about this place, so decided to check it out for happy hour.  Good crowd and multiple TV's showing the MLB playoffs, Thursday NFL and ASU game.  Enjoyed the Prime Dip with fries and it was very good.  Meat was tender and the quantity of food was really good.  People at the bar that I talked to said the burgers they had were awesome as were the chicken skewers.  Brews were by the bottle, so no draft beer.  Nice atmosphere and very friendly service.
4	Open seating and good location. little pricey though.
5	had a great burger today....steak skewers were prefect...great staff..can't go wrong!!!
4	Who doesn't love the Bungalow?  They make my food to order...and I change everything.  Sometimes the cook even delivers with a personal message...lemme know how you like that, etc.It's great for happy hour but my only gripe is parking is limited.
2	Hmmm....not too sure about this place.  Ordered the steak salad medium rare and they delivered it very well done.  Can they not SEE the difference?  The waitress replaced our steak salad and we enjoyed the first half of the Super Bowl.  Pretty good venue for that type thing but I wouldn't go here just for the food.  :(
2	Sadly, I have to put in a negative for my most recent experience at my favorite bar in Old Town.  I was excited to share my favorite hang out with my cousins in from Illinois, for dinner before St. Patrick's Day festivities.  The bouncer said he could not let any more patrons in since they didn't have enough staff to cover all the tables.  Half of the tables were EMPTY!!!  The manager came out and said they were short staffed, some people didn't come in and we would have to wait about 30 minutes, or until enough people left.  I can certainly understand the predicament, however this manager was unapologetic.I convinced my cousins to come back later for a night cap and some appetizers, and the same manager delivered our food and said, "I see you cam back!"  Again, no apology for the situation, and didn't even offer a free drink or appetizer for our inconvenience.  I love this place, and will come back based on my past experiences, but the manager needs serious customer experience training, because my cousins said they will never go back based on this bad experience.
4	Today was my first time to Scottsdale, AZ. We had the intention to go up and have lunch and do a little shopping. We stayed along the main drag and just saw it and figured it was going to be good since there were many people eating outside. We decided to also sit outside in the warm sunny weather. I ordered a simple cheeseburger with sweet potato fries. It was AMAZING. My cousin ordered their buffalo chicken sandwich which also looked pretty tempting to order. We laughed as a few leaves and twigs from the trees above but the service was great, quick and friendly. I would definitely go back again when in town visiting.  Can't complain about this bar & grill.
1	My recent experience at Bungalow was so disastrous it inspired my first ever Yelp review. Fortunately, the food and atmosphere in this place were five star fabulous. Steak sticks and wine with a little basketball generally makes for a pretty fabulous evening! Unfortunately, our server (I'd use her name but she never took the time to introduce herself) was snotty, rude, and incompetent. Our orders were met with rolled eyes and she spoke to us in a tone that was short and disrespectful. She came across as a petulant teenager, completely unacceptable, and far from the professional customer service I expect to receive in a place like this. I understand that servers, like everyone else, have bad days. I do see a possible pattern, however, as our server matches the "grumpy blonde bar maid" description from the review below. We were happy to leave this place behind with no intention of returning; however, we are now forced to get back in contact with restaurant after one of the cards was overcharged by 30.00. Approach this place with caution, though I hope your experience is better than ours!
5	Sunday brunch at the bar was perfect. Mediterranean omelet was delicious and huge. Unlike most Scottsdale bars,  the mimosas were light on the OJ. The bartender was friendly, efficient, and happy. That's always nice to be in the presence of a service provider who doesn't t act like its a job. :-) thank you for a pleasant Easter brunch!
1	Valet parking is $5 starting at 4 pm.  Arrived at 4:05 pm. The waitress offered to have my valet ticket validated. I didn't ask, she offered.  But when I went to pick up my car, the valet attendant wouldn't honor it. WTF.  There are too many places with a much better Happy Hour menu in Old Town for this kind of customer service.
2	My business partners always insist on meeting here. The food is horrible and the drinks are average price.Decent atmosphere and nice enough servers though. Not sure what else can be said. Have eaten 4 different meals and not one was remarkable.
2	The place is nice but the staff has an attitude like they don't want to be there. Not a friendly place.
3	Stopped by here for their happy hour during a business trip.  Had an hour or two to kill before our flight back so my coworker and I randomly discovered this place.  Pretty cheap drinks during their happy hour .. around $4-5?  They also have pretty big portions for the food on their HH menu as well!  I was able to try the ahi tuna, hummus and pita, and bruschetta.  Ahi tuna was a little funky and made me wonder where they even got tuna in Arizona, but everything else was pretty standard.  Good spot to grab drinks outside and enjoy the weather if its not too hot.
4	A decent ambiance with a low-key feel. The drinks are okay and prices aren't bad ($7 for a vodka seltzer). A nice place to wind down with friends or your significant other.
4	I usually stop here when I'm in Old Town for lunch. Never too busy and easy parking behind the restaurant. I can't comment too much on the menu, because I always go with the crispy chicken wrap. Never leave hungry.The terrace seating is great for watching cars and people.
5	Where do I start?!  Great patio bar in Old Town that doesn't disappoint.  Great food, drinks and people watching all in one place.  It can get crowded depending the time of day.  The brunch is ok but the restaurant does get packed.  My favorite item on the menu would have to be the Grill Cheese.  OMG cheesy goodness!  It's perfect to share with friends.  I love the Skinny Drinks on the menu.  Love the Skinny Margarita!  Bungalow is a great place to stop in for happy hour and start a night out with friends.
2	Won't be back.  Food was bland, coke was flat, & 3 shrimp on the salad.  $50.00 lunch with tip.  Service was excellent.  Typical bar joint...nothing special.
5	Bungalow is a staple of Old Town, Scottsdale.  Great people, Great food, and Great service!!!!  Always a pleasure to spend the day or evening at Bungalow.
5	You cannot go wrong at Bungalow! Bungalow was my very first Old Town celebration location when I got my job last summer! My friends and I also come here all the time during Spring Training season. During the summer the patio is a no-go since it is way too hot outside- but it is pleasant inside. They have a good variety of beer choices as well as an open bar. Their grilled cheese and fries app is where it's at! I usually get the half ( 1 full gc sandwich) vs. the full (2 gc sandwiches). I usually add bacon to mine as well- since you cannot go wrong with bacon. I love Bungalow!
3	This has a great location and I really like the patio. However, I think that the food is pretty bland and overpriced. The best thing in my opinion is the Pear Salad with grilled chicken, pears, avocado and tomatoes.  I just don't think the food is anything special and also my stomach always hurts after I eat there. I don't know why but it does.
4	thank you bungalo ! you made our special occation awsome.love the filet dinner...the best we'v had..we will be back.leslie and jerry
2	Absolutely NO guest PARKING here!   You are forced to Valet Park your car:(  and if you stay too late, they move your car across town and you will never find it until the next day!  be extremely careful when you patronize this establishment!  Do Not hand your keys to anyone!!  You have been warned!!   But they do have good food!
2	There are way too many good places in the area to squander time and money at Bungalow and suffer crappy service to boot. I rarely doc a place for service, because I don't need to be swaddled in fine linen and cooed when I dine. However, there is a line. And when the food and drinks are sub-par, aloof personnel just doesn't cut it. Not my first visit, but this was likely the last.My hubby and I prefer chilling at the bar rather than table service, so we grabbed a couple of stools and settled in on a slow Thursday night for a bite and a beer. The place - bar and table area - was pretty dead, yet it still took at least 5 minutes to grab the bartender. Ok fine, maybe they just wrapped up the dinner rush or something. We order beers and ask for a food menu, taking note of a particularly icy demeanor slapping menus in front of us. But again, not here to make a new friend, so it's cool. Then as we try to get her attention to order, she seems to be avoiding our area. As she makes her way around the bar, grabbing empty glasses and cleaning the counter tops, she is finally within earshot. So I meekly ask "could we order an entree as well?" to which she replies, "I'll be with you in just a minute" and proceeds to wipe down the counter and bus dishes. Is it just me or is there some kind of invisible line that invisible people are waiting it to grab a seat at the bar? I could understand clearing up as a priority when there are patrons waiting to sit and I'd happily exercise patience to allow other people an ejoyable sit, but by now it's 9pm....and it's really dead inside. So....ok we waited for her to finish cleaning. And then ordered.According to my other half, the rubber chicken sandwich was passable only as a means to slicene hunger pangs. It left his tastbuds rather underwhelmed and waistline rather remorseful with an excess of bread. Has anyone noticed how strange it is for a bar of this size not to have any beer on tap? I've had a few other appetizers on previous visits, but nothing memorable. Again, I don't need a butler for a waiter or souffle as a starter, but I can get a beer and some fries at a whole lot of other places in Old Town from someone who is a little more welcoming of my patronage and cash.
4	Bungalow seems like a cute bar scene for those into football games or any type of game as they have huge tv's and a projector screen. Today is Sunday and there are games on so the place is filled with men. Not sure where I am going with this review so I'll cut to the food and drinks... And the service, of course...Our server is super nice and extra ON IT as far as service. She was the one who recommended the Soul Shaker and when I ordered the French Dip she was like "Good choice"She was cuteMy meal came out and it's pretty goodThe French dip is nice and warm and au'jus is warm as well... It came with French fries and they too are great! :)All in all I will return to Bunga but maybe at night just to see how it is  I ordered the Soul Shaker which is very yummy!
2	Not a great crowd for Monday Night Football, not that it matters. It does appear that they overcharged my card as I look at my statement this morning. I paid $11.87 and left a cash tip, so why is my card charged over 14 bucks. Will update after I call later today. The beer prices during happy Hour are good as domestic bottles are only $2.50. They have about 6 items discounted about 3 or 4 bucks on the food menu. It's none of their A list appetizers as another bar is trying to force us to eat only what they want to serve us during happy Hour. The brushetta that i ordered was a good version, but nothing great. It was overloaded with tomatoes and the bread had melted mozzarella cheese (which was cold). For 6 bucks, it was about 2 bucks overpriced. The blonde bartender was attractive, but had no personality to make me want to come back or stay longer.
4	Happy hour!!! What's not to like.Super cheap appetizers with $6 wine: YES PLEASEWe visited bungalow with a large group and sat inside in the raised area.  We had decent service and no empty glasses.  We tried the grilled cheese sandwich which was basic- white bread and buttery goodness.Nothing overly outstanding but still a solid spot to bring a crowd!
4	Love this place - go whenever I can.  Service is great, management is engaged and food is excellent.  The location is great - I guess it just doesn't have a real draw - other than the fact that there is no draw (no Scottsdale thousand-aires and the like.)  I'm a solid patron.
4	Love this place, good food, bottomless Bloody Mary's & Mamosas every Sunday. Great place to watch football, great atmosphere.
3	Came here with a group of 8 a few months ago.We definitely did not like the drinks. They seemed to be "out" of everything. Come on, who doesn't carry Schnapps.Food was adequate, good prices, and the customer service was top notch. We would go back if they improved their drink specials and maybe got a blender for blended drinks for the ladies.
3	Came to this place for a late dinner and enjoyed my prime dip sandwich, which was good and reasonably priced.  While I have been to other restaurants on that street, I liked this one the best.
3	Just so you know--this is a Kansas bar, so if you come here when any Kansas team is playing any sport, you will be in the midst of a great amount of excitement and anxiety ;) The breakfast is SUPER cheap. Like, weirdly cheap. They have an omelet station where you can get 2 omelets for $5. And if you want to add sides (toast, potatoes, fruit, etc), they're only $2 each. Very reasonable. Everything was really tasty too. Definitely get the potatoes. The menu isn't huge--my only real complaint--but it does the trick. To note: the bottomless mimosas ARE expensive-- $25. But blood mary's are only $4 each...and cocktails are in the $7 range. The service was friendly and great.
2	I read some of the reviews and it looks like service is still a huge problem. Hubby and I stopped in to watch the NCAA Final 4 game while having dinner. We found a table and waited a few minutes until someone came by to get our drink order. We're non-drinkers and when we asked for tea, our waitress gave us THAT look that we're used to seeing. I wanted to tell her to not judge us because we don't drink. We're good tippers (having spent a combined 20+ years in the restaurant biz). I knew immediately we were going to be in for a bad evening and I was right.She brought our drinks, took our order and we didn't see her again until we were finished eating. We could have used some ketchup, mustard and a little more salad dressing...along with more iced tea but why bother, right?I sat facing the whole bar and watched while one of the waitresses busted her butt for 6 large tables in one section as well as a couple of other tables near where we were sitting. Our waitress, on the other hand, hung out by the service area at the bar with no other tables under her watch. I have NO idea why she took us when she was serving the bar on the other side of the restaurant.Suffice to say the meal was meh. We left before the game was over because the waitress put our check down and said, " Need anything else?" as she put the bill down and walked away. Sad stuff because I know we could have gone elsewhere and had fantastic service. I wish we had. We won't be back when we're back in Scottsdale. We probably would have had better service at a fast food joint.
4	Had my fiance's bday here with a party of 22 people. Service was quick and easy. Food menu was fine, we didn't care much. But happy hour menu had great deals. What we liked best about it was there were TV screens, everywhere. We didn't miss a moment of the games we wanted to watch. big plus. Also it was Friday night and the place wasn't that packed, so it was laid back and everyone was able to talk and just chilled the night away.
4	Nice place to shoot the breeze either indoors or outdoors while enjoying good food and drink.  We went inside, which is open-air, on a 96 degree day and it was very pleasant.  In addition to having well selected beer and wine offerings, the food was also quite good.  I had the calamari, for instance, which was flavorful and of which they served a large helping.  We also had the hummus, which was equally good.  The service was good and the environment was upscale casual.  In comparison to other, nearby offerings, they're pretty good.
4	Great atmosphere and really good food!  We got great service,  the kitchen was a little backed up the day we went but our server was up front about that and checked in with us often.  I had the steak salad which was delicious, my sister had the French dip, and my daughter had the buffalo chicken sandwich...we all really enjoyed our food!  I would definitely give this place a try.
5	Place is awesome good food good drinks good music on a Wed... night great place to chill and get twisted before pink rino lol
1	The Bartenders are rude!
2	Lacking service.Stopped here fully intending to have a late lunch and some beers on a hot afternoon. Got there ordered the beers which took a long time despite only 6 patrons being in the restaurant and sitting at the bar !! Wait for the attendant to take our order but finally decided to eat some where else.
3	The prime dip was delicious along with the steak sticks. The waitress was friendly. I was expecting a little more selection on the menu but over all it was good and I would defiantly come back. Me and my boyfriend had a good lunch :)
1	We wanted to give this place a try before going to the airport to head home. The food was so dry, over cooked (burger and salmon) that I sent it back. Like other reviews the service was horrible. The wait staff sat at the end of the bar having a good time laughing and never once asked how our food was. I would recommend going elsewhere.
5	Great location, awesome atmosphere! Staff was very friendly and helpful.
3	Pretty good! Went during the weekend brunch (until 3pm) and the menu is really limited, including the beer menu. The website menu shows a LOT more, must be a dinner menu. The service was slow but friendly. The place wasn't packed but was full of the stereotypical Old Town girls and guys, but that was to be expected.
5	Great food. Great people. Great management. And strong drinks! Perfect spot to unwind during happy hour. Also - brunch menu is amazing and delicious!
5	This place is super good! The downside is that I can't go here for lunch because they take legit forever to make anything, even a pear salad (and that doesn't include lettuce btw). If you are in the mood for a leisurely meal, this is a good bet.
