4	I had some crazy good coconut curry tofu here, but they lose a star for not having brown rice. The back "patio" is more like a charming vine-covered brick hallway with a couple of tables on it.
1	Overpriced, salty, and oblivious.The only, and very last time I ate at Rising Sons Deli it took over an hour for my simple order to be made. While staring at the chefs I saw one take a ladle, dip it into a broth, sip from it, and then keep stirring. Our food came promptly after that... the lady behind me wasn't so easy, already being there for over 90 minutes waiting for her duck. Her food finally came as we were leaving. She had much more patience than me.What surprises me about the entire episode is not the laid-back attitude of the wait staff, but the completely laid-back, head-down, willfully ignorant cooks (owners?) that walked very slowly and conversed quietly while they had a wall full of tickets symbolizing the 20 orders waiting to be made.  Every new customer walking in the door got a lecture from the staff, "just so you know, we have about a 2 hour wait for food."  Now, I could sympathize if it were a 2 hour wait for a table, but for food?  Something is wrong here.When our food finally came it was too salty, and every vegetable tasted like it came from an old freezer.Ladling yours.  Never going back.
3	Rising Sons now fits in the category of places I will willing enter, but only when someone else wants to go here.  I visited Rising Sons during noon on a weekday.  While all of the other restaurants nearby were bustling with customers, this place had no one but me and my dining companion to serve.  Despite that their menu did not list lunch prices they subtracted $1 from our menu meal price, and since this was my first visit I don't know if we received a reduced portion?  The Pad Thai I ordered was just lovely, spicy, vinegary, and overall pretty tasty.  My friend's Chicken Fried Rice left her much to be desired.  Boo for not accepting credit cards.  Also boo on the obnoxious decor that formerly belonged to the previous tenant (Larry B's) and uncomfortable stools that come with it.
4	Went there this past Sat. night.  I was in the mood for Asian food, so we tried this since it's near the bars.  Got the papaya salad, which was surprisingly tasty!  The medium was still really hot, so be aware!  I got the drunken noodles and my bf got tom yum soup.  The noodles were def. tasty, but the tom yum soup was too salty and def. had wayy too much msg!Give it a try though..Also, the service is super, super, super slow!  So don't expect so much.
3	I only keep on coming back here because this is as close to mom's cooking as you can possibly get without trying to cook it yourself. I've been here long enough to actually eat at the retro restaurant that was in service right before Rising Sons relocated there from the old University Square...and I can testify that the decor has not changed much. Entree dishes have risen in price and is usually hit and miss (even if you order the same dish every time). I will however recommend their lunch special--usually can't get too wrong there. I will definitely recommend the sticky rice and homemade beef jerky. It has been so popular that they've run out on the jerky the last two times I've been there. Their papaya salad isn't as good as it used to be either.
4	Rising Sons is a fine addition to the State Street line-up. Madison can't seem to get enough of southeast Asian cuisine and it is great to have this establishment so close to campus. I appreciate the bar (watch your step!), where it is convenient to take a meal solo in the middle of intense study/writing days in the library. The food has all the Thai/Laotian standards plus some bonuses not typically on other menus, such as: beef jerky, pork buns, and many wonderful soup options. Their tom kha might be the best in town since Sukhothai went out of business. However, one warning: their food is SALTY!! I am a salt-aholic, so if I'm commenting about it you know it is a problem! I cannot seem to drink enough water for many hours after eating there. Nonetheless, I am a happy and devoted Rising Sons regular... See you at the bar.
4	Excellent lunch special - good food, price, service, and atmosphere...
1	I really wanted to like it.  The place is cute with lots of colorful lamps and such, but the food was really awful.  The beef in the soup smelled icky, the squash curry had way too much oil, the squash was tough, and the few pieces of wilted broccoli were overcooked.  We didn't even eat half of our food, and then we regretted that we had eaten that much.  Not that we got sick or anything, but it was just pretty yuck. Never going back.
2	Me and two of my friends were in Wisconsin for a grad school related trip and came to Rising Sons Deli after being in planes/airports/taxis from 4AM California time to 3PM Wisconsin time and walking around campus and State St for three hours in the rain. We were tired and starving and wanted a warm, hearty meal. The meal was warm and hearty but truthfully, not very good.My friend and I both ordered the pho. It came with meatballs, beef, bean sprouts, a tiny bit of green onions but we had to ask for cilantro, limes and fresh jalapenos. They didn't have jalapenos but i thought it was weird that we had to ask for ingredients that usually accompany pho. Ingredients that were also missing and that I missed were basil leaves and raw onions. Reasonably priced at 5.95 especially given the generous portion size but not very tasty by any means.The pho was not very good... definitely one star material. The broth was too sweet and bland, the meat was SO tough i considered not eating it (and for me to consider not eating anything...............hoooeeey!), and the noodles were undercooked and gave me a mild jaw ache. I do not recommend getting the pho.My other friend ordered this stir fry and I can't believe I can't remember the name of it because my friends and I spent so much time trying to remember it. Well, it's #25 on the menu and my friend ordered it with chicken and it was great. The chicken was tender, the flavor and it came with two scoops of white rice (i would guess jasmine rice) that was perfectly steamed. The flavor of the stir fry like meal was decent, not complicated and a little too salty. The menu advertised it as being spicy but it was definitely not spicy enough for the three of us and so my friend added some of the crushed garlic and chili in oil that was on the table which really added a much needed kick. While this dish was decent, it was definitely something that I could have whipped up and so, not worth the 8.50. The pluses of this restaurant are the cute, kitschy decor with lots of high stools and plastic red chairs and a funky little booth in the back; the super friendly and generous staff who brought us lime wedge after lime wedge; and the tootsie rolls that are in giant bowls all around the restaurant. I never knew that tootsie rolls complimented pho so well! =)Would I go back? Probably... Would I order the pho? Definitely not.
2	Food was really subpar for the price. I've had MUCH better soup based noodles. Won't go again unless I have a huge craving for Thai and Vietnamese. And even then, I would consider other places first.
5	the Beef (or Shrimp) Pad Thai is unbeatable. Moody cook, though. Sometimes can be awesome, sometimes can be awful. Come when his mood is good, and I believe you'll enjoy the most delicious Pad Thai you've ever tried.
4	It's rare I'm this enthusiastic about a restaurant, but having eaten here three times in the past month, I have extraordinarily few complaints.  Having lived in a Lao/Thai-heavy neighborhood in San Francisco, I thought I was doomed to a life of sub-par fare elsewhere, but this place has saved me from such a fate.I'm particularly partial to two dishes.  The first is the panaeng curry.  While it is a bit oily, it bursts with rich, well-developed flavors and colors.  It's the perfect level of spicy to warm you up when trudging through campus in the winter.  The variety of vegetables - and in particular the mushrooms, which I normally can't stand - is superb, and the meat is never too tough.  The second is the drunken noodles, which seems to be their most popular dish.  The noodles are fresh and their texture strikes the perfect balance between firm and tender.  The Chinese broccoli is fresh and flavorful, and the basil adds a strong fresh flavor without overwhelming the rest of the ingredients.As some have mentioned, the service is less than stellar and there is limited seating if you don't want to sit at the bar.  However, I like to come here for a "working lunch," where I can make some headway on reading while being allowed to eat at a leisurely pace.  They have never tried to hurry me out the door or continually interrupt me to see if I need anything else.  The service is also markedly better closer to normal meal times than, say, in the middle of the afternoon.  The staff is also quite cheerful and friendly when they wait on you.I can't say I remember much about the decor, but I'd say that's less a problem with the decor than a compliment to how amazing the food is. The lack of music blasting is also a welcome rarity among campus eateries.  I'm surprised this doesn't have a higher rating, but it's fine by me - most of the State St. places I like are already so crowded that it's nice to have this semi-hidden gem.
3	I often pass by this restaurant on State Street and it wasn't until last Wednesday that I had an opportunity to venture in.  I ordered their pad thai with chicken, and it was pretty good.  The quantity of food was more than I expected and definitely sufficient.  Their pad thai was decent, not the best I've ever had but also not awful.  The noodles didn't clump together but I wish it came with more vegetables and had a little bit more kick to it.  I got to choose the meat it came with and I chose chicken but the noodle to chicken ratio was overwhelmingly in favor of noodles.  I hardly noticed the chicken.  I'd come back here though.  It's an acceptable asian place located downtown that's quick and affordable.
1	Was here again the other day and found a long black hair entangled in my pad thai noodles.  Yikes!  I'm not coming back.
2	My fave food: Som Tum Thai (Green Papaya Salad) with beef jerky and sticky rice. I love the green papaya salad and beef jerky, but always put the sticky rice aside (and my husband usually eats it, lol). Score: 3.5/5Foods to avoid: fried rice (oily, tasted like Maggie soy sauce/fish sauce, score: 1/5). Different curry dishes. I have tried the chicken red curry, panaeng curry, and pork green cury; none of them were very satisfying (score: 1/5).I actually felt bad for this place, but I have been going to this place so many times because of its convenient location on State Street. What can I say, I am just not a fan..
1	I actually thought the food was pretty good--I had the drunken noodles and they were just the right amount of spice (I don't like things super hot) and good flavor in general.However, I ordered the drunken noodles with chicken, but received them with beef, and that's just the beginning of our problems.  I arrived here as part of a party of six.  It was pretty full but there was a large table open that accommodated us, so we sat down.10-15 minutes later, a woman took our orders.  By this point, most of the people who'd been there when we arrived were leaving, so the restaurant was more than half empty.  We were all a little concerned when she didn't write anything down, but she didn't seem worried.  She did bring out the beers that three of us ordered right away....Approximately 50 minutes later, our food arrived.  My drunken noodles, as noted, were served with beef; one of the pad thais, for which the beef had been ordered, got the chicken.  I said something about it and the waitress did ask if I wanted it redone; since I didn't have another hour to spare, I said no.I feel kind of silly, because this is EXACTLY the kind of service experience a friend of mine described to me when he went there a couple of years ago, but other people in the group had been there before and wanted to go, so I went along with it.  I guess I might go again some time when I have 2-3 hours to kill and want to drink awhile before eating.
3	Ate here for lunch one day with three other people.  We were lucky enough to grab a table for four.  Service was kind of slow, so I don't recommend going here if you have a short lunch break.  I had the Pad Thai, which was solid - not the best I've had, but decent.  I left feeling full and happy.Oh, and apparently they don't take credit cards.  Plan accordingly.
4	Rising Sons serves the best damn Pad Thai I have ever had. You don't even need to bother getting meat with it. Just douse it with the Sriracha and Hoisin sauce they have sitting at every table.Service is pretty slow, and there's not a lot of seating space. They seem understaffed, like they're in a restaurant that's way too small for the amount of food they're cooking and amount of people they're serving. Regardless, the food is definitely worth the wait. You can't get Thai food of this quality anywhere else in Madison.
5	This store is family run and treats their returning customers like part of their family. I first started going when they were located in University Square and they had part of the store as a grocery store. I have been a fan ever since. Since they moved to State Street, the food is still as good, but since there are a lot more patrons during rush hour, they get a little busy. The food is worth the wait. The drunken noodles are my favorite. Just be aware that you need to bring cash since they don't take credit cards. Whenever I am back in town, I make it a point to stop by for some tasty food!
4	I was wandering around State street and found this little homey restaurant. It has a super casual feel and is family run, which is always a plus in my opinion. I had the Panang Curry which was great. Not too spicy and not too oily. A good ratio of meat to veggies. You definitely get all the flavors of the ingredients they use; Nothing is lost. I did take out on a Monday night and it was very quick. Would definitely recommend this place to friends.
3	I like the fried rice with fish sauce.  It is a convenient place to eat because it's at the start of state st
3	Stopped in here a few times when I was in Madison for business and I was pleasantly surprised. It was good food, well priced, and quick service. Nothing amazing, just doing their jobs.
3	A good old dirty looking asian restaurant.  My kind of place!  Love the beef jerky and sticky rice, but if you're going out of your way to come here for that specifically, be sure to call ahead and make sure they have some.  Stopped in on the way to the dells once, and they didn't have the beef jerky that weekend.  But that's okay, we ate anyway.  And it was delicious!  Cash only, there is an ATM not too far away on the sidewalk.
3	It was raining. We were seeking shelter. Saw the THAI and figured, why not?Two stars for the food. It wasn't the best thai food I've ever had..but it wasn't the worst either.  We got the padthai and the red curry (per the waiter's suggestion). Not super memorable, but authentic enough for the midwest. The noodles were al dente and the curry had a nice pop of spicy. What more do you expect?.. Although, if you consider yourself a thai food connoisseur, you should probably steer clear of this place. Me? I'll take what I can get. One additional star for service. We had a third person join our table halfway into our meal, and not only did the waiter not insist that he order something, he actually offered to pour a cup of water for our friend.  How sweet.
3	So I am a bit harsh when it comes to Thai Food. What I ordered was Basil, and coming from a Thai family, I would like authentic. It wasn't cooked exactly how I would like it. However the spice was up to par. The place was cozy. It won't be my primary place to head to, but I will definitely eat here again.
3	We went here for a quick lunch with our daughter.Bathrooms clean: check.Nice waitress: check.Tasty thai food: check.General cleanliness: oh well... on State Street in Madison, you can't have everything!
3	Good enough to eat at if you're in the area, but we wouldn't return just for the food.
4	I'm always surprised at how hard it is to find good Pad Thai but this was always good. Service was usually good. I would do both sit down and carry out and had good experiences with both.Mainly remember this place for the solid Pad Thai. Nice people. Cash only.
1	I walked in here hoping I could satisfy my noodle soup craving but was sorely disappointed. I ordered the BBQ Pork Noodle Soup. When my dish arrived, I immediately noticed that the supposed "egg noodles" mentioned in the menu were definitely just instant ramen noodles. Strike one. I asked the server why they used instant ramen when the menu said egg noodles, and he told me that what I was eating was "Vietnamese style egg noodles." I know what Vietnamese egg noodles are, and this was definitely not it. Trying to fool me into believing that my food was authentic? Strike two. Now, if the soup was actually good on top of that maybe I would have forgiven it, but the pork and vegetables were really not very memorable either. Strike three.Considering that the food was pretty much a waste of my time and money, I definitely will not come back.
4	Good food, massive portions (soup), reasonably fast service.
1	This was my second time here. My first time was fine, so I thought it was a good idea to come a second time. Big mistake. We ordered the spring rolls and as soon as it arrived, I knew I didn't want to eat it. The lettuce used inside the wrap was visibly brown. I ordered the papaya salad and chicken wings. The papaya salad seemed to be heavily drenched in fish sauce. The chicken wings were fine. My husband ordered the pho and found the broth to be overly sweet and watered down. The bowl came with bean sprouts already in the bowl. The proportion of bean sprouts were equal to the proportion of noodles in the bowl. Overall, I would never go back. The quality of food was definitely not worth what I paid for.
3	I definitely have love for Rising Sons. BUT to have the best experience, I have a few rcommendations:1. Never eat in. Or eat in.. but only once, for the experience. It is kind of a bizarre place with random decorations and such. Take-out is the way to go.2. Pick the right things on the menu! Highly recommend Drunken noodles, Pad Thai, Tom Yum soup (HUGE).3. For an appetizer, I  always get the vegetarian spring rolls, but I would not recommend them. They are literally rice paper filled with lettuce and some vermicelli noodles... Don't know why I always get them, but I do.My only complaints: I always wish they had appetizer soups instead of the huge portions! I love the Tom Yum soup but never order it because it is massive and I would rather get a stir fry or noodle dish.
3	Not a fast food place vibe ready to wait. On the plus side each dish is prepared fresh. The pho is decent. I like my clear noodle soap to look clear and taste clean and this one has that. the one complaint I have about this dish is that it is a little bit too salty. I would come back to try the other dishes.
2	They really need to work on the service. I used to like eating there when the funny man as the waiter still worked. Their food is fine, not great. I love their sesame balls and used to buy them on a regular basis. However, the new waitress who started working almost a few months now, made me reluctant to eat there. She is very rude!!!!!! I miss the funny guy!
1	How do you say lousy in Laotian? Oh! I know Rising Sons... We had an order of spring rolls with pork, it has as much flavor as tap water. Our meal consisted of drunken noodles which would have tasted better if I would have been drunk myself, BBQ red pork which was forgettable and two Lao beers. The service was as bad as the food even though the restaurant was not full. The food was cold immediately after it arrived. What I can't figured out is why this establishment has been open for 13 years...before I forget the place smells like rancid oil.
2	I have eaten 3 times at Rising Sons over the years. Each time my experience has been more disappointing than the last. I recently dined there early on a Saturday evening before ushering at Overture. I needed a meal that would hold me til late evening without my feeling weighed down.I ate the green chicken curry. I found the sauce somewhat flavorful but extremely thin. I even sent it back once and it came back to me just about the same. The waitress stated that this was normal recipe. I liked the Thai eggplant but wished for a greater array of veggies. I might have forgiven the watery consistency if the flavor profile had been more robust.The server was kind and accommodating. No one ever came to take my money and I had to get up and go to the counter to pay. The place was not busy so I just think I was forgotten.I love Thai food. I can imagine a freezing winter day when I am hungry and just want to warm up. I will give in to my desires and head to Rising Suns in hope that those lovely Thai spices and textures will magically appear and I will feel the heat all the way to my toes.
3	good for the price. probably similar to Sai Bai tong for Thai food flavor, but more reasonably priced.
5	Such a solid place for a yummy, cozy meal.  My go-to is Stir Fry Vegetable.  I know it sounds generic but the flavor is just great.  Remembered loving it years ago and went back for a visit and it was just as good. A place that holds happy memories.  :)
4	I like Rising Sons. Definitely always hit up this place when I need a nice home cooked meal. I used to always order their chicken fried rice, but recently they haven't really been cooking the chicken well done, and I'm really picky about chicken! So I switched to the coconut yell curry... SO DELICIOUS. I mean, it was just so good. Pad Thai, Tom yum soup, egg rolls, sticky rice ice cream dessert are all amazing. Give this place a try! Also, cash only so don't forget that!
4	cash onlysolid, homemade LAUS & Thai. Very authentic.  Converted space, so tables are arranged a bit odd, but it works! service by family/owners, so no issue - motivated to please. Priced fair and quality is better than others.Family (teens) enjoyed Pho and curry dishes. Sukiyaki.  Heat if you want it, options if you don't. We'll be back!
3	Drunken noodles were really good. No debit or credit cards accepted here which is pain. I mean c'mon people I can take a credit card with my phone these days,  your restaurant could certainly. Luckily I had cash.
5	You won't be disappointed if you enjoy authentic Thai food! This was my first visit to Rising Sons Deli, but won't be my last! The service was fast & friendly and the chicken pad Thai was awesome! Very reasonable prices, too!!
3	Grabbed a late lunch to go -- green curry with shrimp.  It was nicely spicy and piping hot.  Although I prefer my curry sauces a bit thicker. Cute courtyard with bistro tables and lanterns. Cash only.
3	My friend and I sat at the counter, so the service felt pretty laid back, but they were nice! We both had curry dishes that were perfectly satisfying but nothing out of the ordinary. Pretty good place if you're looking for Thai/ Lao food... I'd recommend it!
4	Excellent curries and Pad Thai are beat eaten on their small open patio during the summer. Remarkably friendly staff. I have not ordered anything here that I did not thoroughly enjoy. Reasonably priced but bring cash.
4	I've had the pad thai here, and while that's good I can say that the appetizers are even better. Fresh spring roles, hot chicken kabobs, all served with good sauces. Friendly staff and a clean atmosphere make this place worth going back to.
4	Cash only. Both Pad Thai Tofu & Tom Kha Gai very simple & solid. Unlike some Thai/Laotian restaurants in town, Tom Kha is seen as an entree, not an appetizer. So, it has chicken, mushrooms, baby corn, onions, galangal, lime leaves, etc. Both reheated well the next day. Red squash curry less interesting: chicken, squash, and broccoli. Flavor was good, but a little thin compared to Tom Kha. Definitely got hotter next day. I generally prefer squash curries that also have Thai eggplant. Pretty solid.
