2	Not bad, but not great either. Their pizzas are NY style and quite large, but the one we ordered came cut strangely (into a bunch of tiny square pieces? very odd). Wasn't terribly impressed with the toppings either- their mushrooms are the canned variety and it was light on the meat.Ultimately I'd prefer it to chain delivery, but it wouldn't be my first choice if I was craving a pizza. There are better places around.
1	Don't go here for the pizza.  Go to Tony's instead.  The hot sandwiches are pretty decent.  They have an "Incredible Chicken Salad".  The only incredible thing is the lack of chicken.  I literally counted 12 small pieces of chicken on my salad.   I guess what's "incredible" is that it's served in a bowl made of pizza dough that you can eat.  The chicken is barely seasoned too.Much better options elsewhere.
4	Great delivery service. The sandwiches, pasta and salads are great. Timely and friendly delivery, the online ordering is convenient
3	Not bad not great.  Better than Papa John's, Domino's, etc, but not as good as Libretto's or Papa Murphy's.  Pasta dishes are ok for a late night meal, calzones are decent too.
4	Their pizza is always very good, solid price, and they have good service.
1	Avoid this place! Awful food quality and terrible delivery service are the twin motto's of Farley's Pizzeria. This is another bad strip mall pizza joint. Their pizzas are gummy and flavorless. The chicken wings are rubbery and greezy. I have ordered for delivery a number of times and have had two complete no-shows. The longest that I have waited for a Farley's delivery was one hour and 45 minutes. The food I ordered was stone cold. (I live about 5 minutes away)This place is a little bit more expensive than others. Don't be a sucker, Avoid this place entirely!
4	Always order delivery from here. Online ordering very easy. Their pizza is delicious and they use delicious cheese. Both hand tossed and thin crust are phenomenal. Delivery is not always on time but always worth the wait. Breadsticks with cheese crazy good as well.  White pizza is great. I prefer thin crust because less filling. Older man that works there, acts like a manager, is a jerk to others that work there so that's why 1 less star.
1	Why can't 0 be a choice? I have called there two different times, both within their hours and not been able to order food. Just a note to the owner of Farley's... your people at the Ballantyne location are not providing nearly the service they should.
4	We just ordered the pizza. It was tasty, but a little overpriced for a large. Farley's was recommended to me for its reasonably priced lunch specials. I will try it one of these days. I will dine at Farley's again, but for take-out (it's not dine-in friendly).
5	Chef salad was delicious and quickly prepared. Great attitude from employees Order was perfect. Open till 10pm for late time dinner.
3	I may have gotten pizza on an off-night, but I thought it was some of the worst pizza I can remember eating. However, when I've ordered the sandwiches, they have always been excellent. My biggest complaint is the sauce on the pizza was just bad. I give the pizza here 0 stars and the sandwiches 5 stars, hence the 3 star rating.  Not sure I can get up the nerve to give the pizza another chance.
