3	I've had a gift certificate burning a hole in my pocket since February.  Summer is just about over so I went looking for a store.  Seems 3 of the ones near me have closed up in the past few years.  I found this one on the North side of MetroCenter in the same strip mall as Fatburger and a bunch of other stuff.  There was plenty of parking.The store was clean.  Plenty of parking.  Not very busy.  I am definitely showing my age when it bothers me having the young man making my creation with a two day old growth and several pieces of "art" in his nose and other parts of his face.  Getting past that, he was efficient and pleasant to deal with.  It was slow so we had a brief conversation about the number of remaining stores in the West side.I had a cheesecake signature creation, med.  It was good but I have been spoiled by Sweet Republic.  I still have some money left on the gift card so I know I will be back again to some location.
4	We stopped in on the 1st to order a birthday cake for the 4th assuming that would be plenty of time. The girl working said it needed to be placed a week in advance, as we weighed our options on just picking up a pre-made cake or going somewhere else, she was calling her boss to see if they had time to do one more. And they did! She was extremely friendly and helpful. Luckily it wasn't very busy in there since it takes quite a bit of time to order a cake. We asked for Mint Chocolate Chip with purple and pink frosting, however it was very basic looking with sloppy writing. Nothing fancy, it was a little disappointing to give it to a 12 year old little girl.But, it tasted great and we apprecaited them accomodating us with only 3 days notice.
4	Love it I wish i had one in my house you can't go wrong.  Service here is always great!  I would recommend  the mud pie for all the coffe lovers.
3	Can never go wrong. Parking is kinda hard sometimes. No big issues. It's close so we stop by often.
4	Coldstone no matter the location is always consistent.  Ice cream is always amazing and the service is great as well.  It wasnt too busy when I stopped by but I imagine parking would be an issue if it were to get busy.
