4	I have been here twice for my family's regular dental cleaning. They are really great from the reception to the doctor. Very helpful in answering all the questions, and friendly too. Dr. Barber is really good :). I would highly recommend this dental office. But I am still giving them 4 stars, because they 'ARE DENTISTS"!
1	I went to this place because I just moved here and needed to find a new dentist WOW what a horrible experience I had.. First my mouth was cut up during my xrays took over a week to heal then I proceeded in trying to get a cleaning they said it had to be a deep cleaning got the price it was @a thousand bucks!! becuz I refused it they would not clean my teeth I have never been so mistreated by so many ppl in my life the dentist (the short one) had an attitude with me not friendly at all. so at the end I asked if they could send all my xrays and file to another dentist for a 2nd opinion unfortunantly after several phone calls they never did but said they did I could not understand why they wanted to keep it I made sure they knew I would NEVER BE BACK I guess it was there way of being hateful even tho I paid for that service ..I made one more attempt and sent my husband over for my file unfortunanly they just gave him one sheet, not my whole file..So I since I have been to Santan Dental and luv it wow what a difference..Gateway is NOT RECOMENDED!! They don't even deserve one star!!
5	I have used Gateway Dental Care for several years. Everyone from the front office, back office, and the Dr.'s are awesome...and that's rare. They have always gone above and beyond to care for my family's dental needs. I highly recommend them.
5	We have gone to Gateway Dental for several years. The front office is so friendly and my kids even love to go there and have their teeth cleaned. The dental staff is so nice and good with my kids and also my husband and I. My daughter is now seeing them for braces and I love how they are so knowledgeable on how to help her have a beautiful smile.   They give me options and give me all the information I need to make an informed decision on my teeth. They are very honest and I feel very confident in referring them to any and everyone I meet. We LOVE THEM!!!
5	Absolutely the BEST dental care in the valley! I've spent my fair share in "the Chair" and these guys/gals are by far the most talented at keeping your smile pearly-white!! If you need a cleaning (Amanda is our favorite), checkup (Dr Barber/Erskine equally great hands) you're at the right place. They are Invisaline experts and are always available in emergencies. They care about your COMFORT first and foremost.  I can't rave enough about this office and their staff. Thank YOU!!
