3	Eco Bistro is a decent place.They are part of Parkhurst Dining Services which is part of Eat N' Park. They offer breakfast from 7am to 9:30 am and lunch from 11am to 2pm Monday through Friday. Eco Bistro is broken up into three cooking stations, Pizza n' At that offers different types of pizzas everyday. Sequoia Grill, which offers breakfast items such as pancakes, sausage, eggs, omelets, home fries and breakfast sandwiches during breakfast time and burgers, hot dogs and fries during lunch time.  Between the Bread makes made to order sandwiches and wraps with different types of deli meats, cheeses and toppings. There is also a salad bar in the middle of the space were you can make what ever type of salad you want. There are also pre made sandwiches and salads in the cooler if you are in a hurry and don't want to wait. There is a Smoothie Station as well.When Eco Bistro first opened the food was really good and the prices were more than fair now to the food is average and the prices are high. Example $6 for a grilled chicken sandwich. Eco Bistro was added to the building for all of the PNC employee's at the other end so I guess it's better than the alternative, Cool Beans which is absolutely gross!
3	It's the only life in a dead mall directly downtown in Pburgh...It's got that 60's bomb shelter chic to it and it's just weird walking in because there is NO LIFE here...A mall downtown? where you have to pay to park at it?Compared to the Galleria you can find a parking meter and throw a buck in and enjoy SOME life in a downtown mall...
3	The Eco Bistro is the only lunch option (other than a coffee shop that also has some lunch items) inside the Allegheny Center Mall.  When workers inside the mall don't feel like venturing onto the somewhat scary East Ohio Street for lunch.The Bistro opens at 7 for breakfast.  There are daily specials along with the staples (bacon, eggs, sausage, pancakes, breakfast sandwiches).  There is also an "express" buffet that charges per pound and features items such as corned beef hash, potatoes and ham.  Lunch features a made to order sandwich station, a pizza/salad station, soup, salad bar and a grill.  The grill has items such as burgers, chicken, hot dogs and fries along with a daily special.Prices can add up and be high unless you get one of the special combos and the food can be hit or miss.  There are plenty of tasty entrees and sometimes there are unique items, but recently, the menu seems to have a lot of repeats of "easy" dishes like chicken fingers.  Overall, not bad and I enjoy the convenience but wish the prices were a little lower.
