4	This place has an amazing selection of fabrics.  Most of these fabrics are the stuff you see covering furniture at La-Z-Boy or Target and they have it here.  They have more upholstery fabric than anything else but you could make out with a smoking deal if you are looking for team-licensed fabric or for trim.  They have a ton of that stuff.  Their stock seems to change pretty quickly.  If you sew or just feel like re-doing your barstools, you have to check this place out.We are talking about $3 a yard for some expensive fabric people!
4	My first thoughts of this store were, "this place is weird" and, "why are there rugs for sale?"  In any event, despite the slightly messy appearance of the store, you will find a relatively comprehensive selection of home fabrics here.  Hence the name.  Imagine that!  I saw lots of fun retro patterns that sent my mind spinning in a few different directions and I saw a few, um, not so classy looking prints as well.  Their prices simply cannot be beat.  I was at a Joann shortly before my visit here and I was looking at upholstery fabric.  The fabric I was admiring was about 40 bucks a yard.  You can find a similar style here for about 10 bucks a yard.  You really can't beat the prices!  They also have a cool section in the back where you can find closeout deals on some great fabrics, some as low as 3 bucks a yard.  The main drawback to this store is their selection of regular cotton print fabrics.  It's a small, kind of unattractive selection and a bit pricey for the type.  If I decide to start any sort of home decorating project, I know exactly where I will be coming for a great deal on the fabric.
4	I am so glad I stopped into Home Fabrics!  It is located right next to Discount Tire on 32nd St/Cactus.  Rather than sitting in the tire shop (that smell in tire shops give me a headache), I went over to Home Fabrics.  They sell rugs too, beautiful rugs and the price is amazingly cheap!!  Like $50 -$100 for huge high quality rugs.  I didn't buy one YET, but I plan to head back and pick one up once I decide exactly which one I need.The fabrics are an even better deal!  I signed up for their newsletter and email alerts and get info about sales and classes.  I don't know how to sew, but I know how to use a hot glue gun.  Maybe this is my year to learn?
5	This store has everything - great service, great selection and most especially great prices! You can find wonderful upholstery fabric at a fraction of other stores. They are in the process of remodeling, and their showroom is full of beatiful fabrics. Highly recommend it.
2	This store gives me mixed feelings. On one hand, it's great that it is so open, on the other, at first glance the store seems empty. After perusing the aisles I decided there was a lot to choose from, but all the fabric seemed to have a similar style. The store sells durable, darker colored fabrics (generally) that have a classical style. The prices are good and it would be easy to use any of the materials for drapes, upholstery, etc., unless this style is not up your alley. I would not go here searching for funky, colorful fabrics for your home!The staff is generally helpful if you have any questions, but they can also be a bit snippy (hah... fabric puns). Several times I have asked them for something and they have told me that I was incorrect/looking for the wrong thing. Maybe I was looking for the wrong thing, but I don't want to be told so bluntly!
4	I am learning to sew, I love the staff at the MESA store
2	Very spacious, open store. Easy to navigate aisles and admire the different fabrics. Selection is pretty good, found quite a few fabrics I liked. Not much in the way of notions or tools however.Was least impressed by the two ladies at the counter who completely ignored me as I walked in and as I left. Seen claims of great customer service in other reviews - this was not my experience at all.I will probably still stop by again, but I was far more impressed by Fabric Depot, not too far away on Cave Creek - their selection is positively huge (especially compared to the selection here) which makes it a lot easier to look past their spotty customer service.
5	The best place for fabric! I recently needed quite a bit of fabric for a project I had.. After shipping at the normal chain stores I decided to stop here in a whim and I am so glad that I did. Their prices are half of other fabric stores and their customer service is outstanding. They have hell me so much with my project, will always go here when I'm in need of fabric.
5	Great Fabric Store with Great low prices! Mostly everything is $8.99 a yard. Plus they give out great ideas and advice.
4	Some really great fabrics - some a little strange, admittedly.  But the prices are $10- 15 dollars cheaper per yard at another store I was at, even some of the same fabrics.  Not a lot of staff, but enough to do what was needed.They will cut you a swatch (of anything that has more than a yard) from the full width of the fabric. It costs one to two bucks which will be applied to any fabric purchase you make.  Much easier to use than a 2x2 square! I'll be back!
