2	terrible experience! the only reason i give it 2 stars is because the doctor was very nice and a few of the nurses did a great job. unfortunately, the receptionists ruined it all--between the apparent disdain for their customers and the repeated billing errors I cannot stand this place. During my first visit, I saw one of the receptionist argue with a senior in front of the waiting room about his appointment time which was so unprofessional. Then they (twice) tried telling me I owed $200+ dollars for contacts which are covered and after making me wait for 30 minutes, the girl simply asks for my credit card instead of apologizing for her error. A few days later I get a bill in the mail for $75 for a routine lens fitting which I already paid the copay for! The insurance rep that helped me resolve this expressed her frustration to me as well after she apparently spoke to the same stubborn woman. needless to say, I will not be going back and have already steered a few people away from going to this place.
5	I was sceptical about Lasik Surgery and uncomfortable about having anything done to my eyes, but I'm tired of wearing glasses. So I went in for an exam and they really put my mind at ease. Dr. Campion explained the procedure and I felt better about having them do the work. His staff was great to work with as well. I'm a business man and I like doing business with professionals who are responsive to your needs. I'm thrilled that I got this done. It's a little strange not putting the glasses on and I even look a little different now that I don't wear glasses anymore. It's pretty cool! :) Big smiles :)
1	Be aware, be very aware of this office's practices.  Be sure to bring two wallets with you, one for paying up front and then another for when they bill you for "surprise" procedures despite the fact that everything, catch that, everything was included up front.  Second, you are lucky if you see (pun intended) the doctor for more than 30 seconds.  Everything in this eye/cataract factory is handled by clerks and techs in training.  I went to another cataract surgeon's office for my other eye and the billing was complete with no surprises and IT WAS LESS.  The doctor was supportive and communicated at length.
1	Avoid at all costs. If you go there for an eye exam they will robocall you every day a year later reminding you for an eye exam. Also, I was given a prescription that was way too strong. I had to throw my new expensive glasses away. I ended up going to Q Vision for LASIK. Couldn't be happier. Go here and expect a robocall every day at 5:05.
