4	Well, the lines are certainly long.  Hottest new club in Vegas?  We'll see about that.  It certainly appears to be the newest.
4	From all the propaganda around town featuring a logo of a mask, you would hope that there was some performance element to "The Act" Nightclub.  And it certainly has it.  The Act - a nightclub featuring random, short performances that are daring, sexual, and at times, borderline obscene.  From the creators of the nightclub "The Box" located in England, we have this new space: A sassy, sexual burlesque feature of short song/music/acrobatic performances that certainly is something different.  The creators had a curveball thrown at them with The Act since The Box featured outright nudity and virtually no censors and it was considered okay by local laws.  However, here in Vegas it's a different ballgame with different rules and laws.  Not to say that it isn't somewhat shocking to some.  An individual in my party, a Jehovah's Witness, was bothered enough to leave after twenty minutes.  So if you're easily offended, (As the emcee, a post-performer from Cirque du Solei's Zumanity screams, "Take your f##king clothes off!" to the audience and two clockwork pop-and-lock dancers get high on coke and perform an off-the-wall hyperspeed sex scene), then this might not be the space for you.  Although the contortionist who fired a bow with her toes while doing a single handstand stole the show.  Awesome.  The interior:  Luscious.  As in I wish my house resembled this.  Not a far throw from The Artisan, gorgeously decorated with classic, traditional designs, wall sconces, polished wood, and brass fixtures, winding corridors, narrow passageways that dipped and varied.  Unisex bathroom, lots of antique furniture and pieces.  A mite small, though.  I'd be concerned about a crowd here as we didn't have that many people out there with no line and it was comfortable inside.  Chronic problem of small dance floor, but even some of the best clubs in Vegas (Marquee/Tryst) have the same problem.The music: Popular club songs that I've heard on the radio.  Nothing crazy, but with this much insanity and organized chaos, I imagine that you need a pinch of something mainstream.  Toca's Miracle was a nice throwback.The staff: I SALUTE whoever hired the staff.  Polite.  Helpful.  I was called sir several times.  My date and I came to join a table for a birthday and there was no hassle.  The door man struck up a conversation with us as we left, encouraged us to come back and check out the various nights as the acts varied from night to night.  Everyone was very relaxed, eager to succeed, and the performers were teeming with confidence.  I hope the best for this space - it's awesome, arty and off-beat just enough to make me want to return and see what else this place is going to put out.  And that is what entertainment is all about.
4	Remember the '80's movie with Fred Savage, Little Monsters?  Well, imagine Little Monsters had sex with Cirque Du Soleil and Dr. Seuss and gave birth.  The Act.  The love child of Little Monsters, Cirque and Dr. Seuss.  And I kind of loved it.  Also, many times, I was waiting for Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise to show up because this reminded me so much of Eyes Wide Shut.  I feel I am at a point in my life where getting stupid drunk and grinding on someone is no longer fun for me.  If you want me to go to a club, you better have some entertainment.  This place has entertainment for days.  I wouldn't say I ever got offended, but I'm not easily offended.  But there were definitely some shocking aspects.  Best of all, it is very small by club standards.  Rich red fabric, comfy booths, winding staircases.  The Act really paid attention to details.  There are several performers lounging around who make an effort to keep the party vibe going.  The statue of Buck Angel (who I only learned was a real person after the fact) is a nice touch.  Interesting place and definitely a unique experience even by Las Vegas standards.
5	OK, let me preface this by admitting that I am NOT a danceclub goer, by ANY stretch of the imagination. I'm not in my 20's, I'm more of a private person, I can't dance to save my life, etc....just not my scene.So why am I reviewing a dance club? And why am I giving it a 5??? Well I'll tell you.I have always had an appreciation for a wildly original idea, meticulous attention to detail, and the ability to execute it like a well oiled machine. The act has done all three.First, the idea. OK, they didn't "invent" the concept of a dance club with half-naked actor/dancers. (In fact, I am reminded a lot of the Limelight in NYC from back in the day, but I digress) but what they have done here, is put a completely original twist on the conventional concept of hired eye-candy. I would say that as many as 25-30 people were working the room, in a dark, dazzling, macabre, Eyes Wide Shut- esque display of acrobatics, trapeze work, ballet, contortionism, and other amazing feats of human ability. It's what you might expect if you heard that Zumanity was opening a nightclub. And the costumes were both provocative and sometimes disturbing all at the same time. And there was always something different going on in different parts of the venue, so it never got stale, and there was always something new and amazing to see. Good show.Also notable was the decor and layout. Somebody spent a great deal of time converting this space to actuall convince you that you were in an elaborate Victorian mansion, with creepy corridors, period fabrics and wall coverings, wood floors, lighting fixtures, trim/moldings, etc....I mean it was ALL there. The attention to detail was off the charts.Finally, (and this is where they usually blow it) the staff was as professional as it gets. Plenty of well trained, experienced, professional people, all working together in harmony,as the third tine on this fork.Original idea, meticulous attention to detail, and well executed by professionals.Extremely impressive.
5	Wonderfully different from the norm...
5	This place is perfectly weird.  It's the first place where I can truly let out my inner unicorn. I love it here !!!
5	This is hands down, the best, most unique club in Vegas.This place is a modern day Moulin Rouge.Walking in the club you're greeted by a gold statue of man with a vagina. The walls twist and turn and wind, then the club opens up and it looks like a theater.There are little performance put on by acrobats, actors, dancers, beat boxers... It was amazing. Some of these acts were sexual and not passive-aggressive sexual, but gender-binding, leaping over the line of obscene.Typical club attire. Music was all over the place. Top 40, EDM, Hip-Hop. The DJ really goes with the crowd on this.Uni-sex bathrooms (LABELED SEX ROOM).Cocktail prices are expensive. highly recommend table reservations as the club is small and there really isn't a lot of wiggle room. Definitely a MUST DO in Vegas!Get caught in the Act.
5	I went there on an industry night on Wedensday, and I can't recall having a better time anywhere. The staff was pleasant and professional. The performers were entertaining. The Act is well appointed aesthetically, and it's nice to roam around from upstairs to downstairs. I don't what it was, but it seemed like the ladies were on the prowl up in there, like they put pheromones in the air or something! No complaints here as I was able to get acquainted  with two very lovely Italian sisters. I had a great time there, made a few new friends, and will certainly be there again. If you see me, let's chat! Ciao!
5	Holey... Fucking... Moley....The best nightclub by far! Their shows are even better than Rain Nightclubs acrobats. I went in here after work and in an hour I saw a guy beatboxing Party Rock Anthem,  a dude singing along to a burlesque show, and a bunch of crazy looking workers dressed in wacky costumes. If I could upload videos onto Yelp I would have showed you something that I recorded of what I mentioned before.It's sort of small, and the entrance halls are deceptive. Once u get past the first corridor you'll find the main club, where it transitions from a haunted house into a 1930s Speakeasy.All the girls are wearing female mafia suits, and all the guys look like Tony Montana. The music alternates between live acts and DJs. Oh, an I came in here during locals night. So anyone who lives in Vegas can enjoy this every Wednesday. Horrays! Way better than scumbag First Friday. Way better than crackhead Fremont!It's just sort of small.
1	So I realized this is the "hot new club" in Vegas, but, trying to get in felt like a bad stereotype.  I'm not usually one to pay huge cover charges, but, I am an amateur aerialist and was told by several locals that I absolutely had to check this place out for the shows.  I ask about the guest list when I arrive and the gentleman taking me ID says "you know where to go."  Well, no, actually, I don't know, that's why I asked you, but if you think you know me, this may be a good sign?  But, no. We arrive at 11:15, check in with one of the many bouncers with "lists" in hand, and are told to wait a minute.  At 11:45, we leave.  Longer than I ever would have waited, but, I was a bit fascinated by the sociological experience happening outside the club.What did we witness in the meantime?  Several couples being totally ignored just trying to even check in, large groups of men being let in - but not women, people being let in with jeans and hoodies seconds upon arriving, and, my favorite, when a guy asked about the cover (and inquired why it was $40 on a Wednesday), the bouncer started screaming at him that he was Vegas and he should not be wearing $10 shirts and trying to go to clubs.  Classy.  Apparently hoodies and teeshirts are OK, but not H&M button-downs  Who knew?
5	Incomparable.  I appreciated the experience, it was exciting and very unpredictable.  An ideal outlet for letting your Freak Flag Fly. Interactive and fun as hell! -2 levels-Actors throughout who gallavant with the club goers/audience-Great DJ who mixes genres beautifully.  They managed to appeal to everyones liking-Perfect for celebrating since it couples entertainment with a club atmosphere (birthdays and bachelorette parties)
4	I really really loved the vibe from this place! I would say it was more of a lounge than a nightclub, the dance floor wasn't very big.  There is so much to look at, good music kind of like you're in a circus freak show when people start walking around and dancing in the weirdest costumes I've ever seen. But I loved every minute of it! Just wish I would've taken a picture with the horseman that was walking around. =) Good spot to go to for drinks and for a great time!Can't wait to go back!
5	Favorite club in vegas just had my birthday there last night I have been there twice and both times I had a blast and was so impressed. It is so different they have live racey shows every 30 minutes that are really pushing the envelope they are very strange and sexual but I like them !! I will definitely be returning asap. DJ is awesome too.
4	when i first walked into the place i was a little taken back.  being a local of Las Vegas, this was  not like every other nightclub.  it had a dark feel but in a good way,  live entertainment every so often, and characters walking around mingling with the crowd.  reminded me of a rave style place but after being there a little while it turned out to be a great place.  the music was great and although not that big of a place they did not jam pack the place like most clubs in this town where everyone is touching your shoulders unless you buy bottle service.  the only complaint was the drink prices, but other than that i would def. go back and had a great time.
4	Think of this club like a kinky haunted mansion.  It takes a little while to get used to the set-up and what is happening; it is very unique, but the shows that go along with the music blend in very well.And as someone said in another post, "letting your freak flag fly".Definitely recommend it.
4	Don't come here if you expect a huge venue with large dance floors.This place was actually really empty on a Friday night.Here's what you can expect:Little to no dance floor, small crowds, and off-the-wall acts everything 30 minutes or so.These acts include a human discoball, sex acts, condoms being thrown at the audience, and others you would see at the cirque de soleil.Come here for a different crowd (workers are dressed as trannies, pregnant guys, jabawokeez look a likes, and other things i can't explain in words).A different club scene here for sure... you will be telling stories for days...
5	Off the Wall!! Probably the weirdest, grossest, coolest thing I have seen. Defienty not what you expect. Like most people here Its hard to describe everthing thas happening but a must do if your in Vegas...
5	This club was CRAZY and now I want to bring all of my friends to experience the same thing we did. We had never heard of this club, but thankfully a promoter at the palazzo got us to try it. The Vegas gods smiled upon us!It was incredibly bizarre. The promoter had described it as, "cirque de soliel meets club" and that barely scratched the surface. You walk in through a dungeon-esque hallway with performers on the way to the main club. Once inside they have a girl doing acrobatic tricks on a hoop hanging above the bar. The club itself is not very large, and we went on a Saturday night and it was pretty full, which was nice. There are dancers all over in crazy outfits... Imagine a scandalous Effie Trinket from hunger games (too nerdy?). There was even a sexy medusa!Throughout the night they have shows that get more bizarre as they go, most very sexual in nature. Egyptian gods with light up eyes on stilts and acrobats hanging from the ceiling are just some of the things you'll see. People there celebrating birthdays or bachelorette parties were getting new bottles that girls would bring out lit up with fire/sparklers and it was quite attention grabbing and spectacular. All in all it was VERY VERY weird (which was the point) but amazing and unpredictable. Sensory overload but a good thing. We will def come back next time we are in vegas. It is def a place that will give you stories to bring home (which is what we all want, right?). Go. Don't think about it just go.
5	I've partied at many of the mainstream clubs in Vegas.  I partied at the Act on a Saturday night with friends and loved it.  The venue is small by Vegas standards and definitely doesn't hold as many people as the large clubs.  However, it has everything you like about the larger clubs with none of the downsides.  There was great music pumping all night.  While there really isn't a dance floor, there is a large stage that everyone is able to dance on.  My friends and I had no problems finding places to dance in this club.  Drinks weren't as expensive as at Marquee or XS, which I really liked and on this particular Saturday night women received free Vodka drinks before 11pm!  Once every hour the bouncers clear the stage and an "act" comes on for 5-10 minutes.  The "acts" seemed to range in risk factor as the night went on.  Throughout the night people in bizarre costumes can be seen walking around and interacting with the crowd.   What I really liked about this club was that there weren't tons of creepers walking around trying to jump on every woman on the dance floor like you'll find at the large mainstream clubs.  I could definitely see the act catching on and becoming a must-go place in vegas this summer.
5	This shit is bananas. B-A-N-A-N-A-S! My friends and I hardly ever come to the Venetian. Besides for our bi-annual trip to Morels, we don't tend to have many great experiences in this hotel. Yet again, we had dinner at the steakhouse and needed to dance off our gluttonous lifestyle.We knew that this place had its kinks, but DAMN~!, some of the acts are downright freaky. If you don't mind a drag queen that looks like Dee Snider get down and dirty with a bottle of Jack then this is a fun atmosphere. There is no real dance floor, but any open space without a table is fair game. At certain points in the night; the crowd was able to dance around the performers and get on the stages. The place was jammed pack on Friday. Everyone was having a great time dancing with their neighbors. For the first hour, ladies drink for free. The girls said that their drinks were weak, but you cannot complain about free drinks. We stayed out until 3am and it was a blast.
5	best club in vegas. i love it
5	I have been going to vegas clubs for the past  7 years now and never have I experienced a club like this!!the music was great the atmosphere was  amazing and the acts raunchy but very entertaining.  Clubs should take note to this small club!!this is the best club in vegas!!even the host Jason h was amazing he did such a great job!!cant wait to come back and have another great experience
5	Innovative. Great decor, great atmosphere, great performers, high production values all around. Near ideal if you're sick of giant clubs, crazy lines, don't mind a kinky-esque vibe. Not sure it'll survive in Vegas, but I'm glad it's there.If you enjoyed Sleep No More (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sleep-no-more-new-york), then you definitely need to visit this place if you're in Vegas.
4	This place was SO WEIRD!  AND I LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF IT!We went to the opening of The Act Afterhours - got to the Palazzo around 3am, stood in line for a while but luckily we were on the guestlist (find a promoter!) so no cover.  Took forever for us to get through the maze to the dancefloor, and we were actually at first disappointed at how empty the place seemed.  Also how ratchet some of the girls looked in line...BUT WAIT!  DON'T GIVE UP YET!  Alice and the Mad Hatter were grinding it up on the dance floor, and some creepy rabbit on stilts with a certain unmentionable item protruding from his pants...ha!  Insane.  Also, some guy was making it rain dolla bills every few minutes...only in Vegas.Came out to about $27 for 2 whiskey sours.  Kind of pricey but definitely worth it for the crazy show we got... Strange is a total understatement! Definitely worth one visit to see some crazy Cirque-du-soleil dominatrix shizzzz but because of the tiny dancefloor/bar I probably wouldn't go again.It was impossible trying to leave...drunk girls + maze = confusion :P
1	We went for a bachelorette party on a Saturday night. The music was great, the crowd was energizing, and we danced our hearts out. The performers were amazing! I especially loved the jabowockee in the mirrored suit... he was basically a giant discoball of awesomeness. for all of this, 5 stars.minus 4star for the following: We reserved tables for 12 guests, our alloted area only had enough room for 6 people to sit and dance comfortably. We ended up buying another 2 tables, which also goes with the purchase of bottle service. We had agreed to a specific rate before, my friend was charged double the amount, so we got a bit ripped off in that regard, which was upsetting. They also charged my credit card after we paid over $2000 in cash, which is now an aggravating process in trying to resolve seeing as no one in management has been able to return my emails or phone calls for over 2 weeks.Edit: It took 6 weeks and over 45 emails and 10 phone calls to get my money back. The management there is incompetent. "Oh I thought that was taken care of." How about you call the customer, apologize profusely, and make sure it is done before assuming?!
1	I had been planning for months to give my best friend the bachelorette party of her life and let me tell you taking her to The ACT was a big MISTAKE!!! I've never written a bad yelp review before but this sleazy club deserves it.  We had a party of 13 people for which we had made reservations months in advanced and had negotiate a very reasonable bottle service price. When we got to Act we found that we had two tiny tables that hardly fit 4 people let alone 13 with no dance space. So we bought another table and bottle to try and save the night for which they charged us twice the amount we had negotiated. Then our dead in the eyes waitress couldn't bother to make us drinks which should be a pretty standard part of bottle service. In the end we spent over three grand for no space, shitty service, and Act still managed to charge our card twice even though we paid the bill in cash. Still have to sort that mess out. Do yourself a favor and spend your money somewhere that cares.
1	The service at this place was absolutely awful. The waitresses were quick and snarky and left if we couldn't get our orders in. We ordered bottle service and were still treated terribly by the entire staff. And to top it all off, we paid in cash and they STILL DOUBLE CHARGED MY FRIEND'S CREDIT CARD AND WON'T REDACT THE CHARGES. Now we're going to have to open up a case because these people can't count. Do not recommend.
2	We were told this was a chill lounge with cirque type acts every hour by a number of promoters. But when we went, we found it to be down right creepy. It felt more like a haunted house than a lounge with people/things in masks coming up & touching you. We didn't stay long enough to see an act because the atmosphere was too weird for the group. It could be cool if that's what you're looking for, but we were not.
4	This place was awesome.  Kind of thing you can only see in Vegas.  This is a nightclub inside Palazzo Resort.  It's called "Act" because they have a stage at the front of the dance floor that you can dance on, but every 30 mins or so, maybe an hour, they clear the stage and they do some sort of "act" on the stage.  My girlfriend and I wanted to check it out because it was her first trip, and we wanted to see things that are quintessential Vegas.  We started our night at XS, but the music didn't impress us there and they packed us in like sardines.  So when we couldn't breathe anymore, we headed to Act.First thing, when you walk in, its like walking into an old vaudeville theater, but one that has been redone by a demon.  It cost us $50 total to get in, and the first thing we saw inside was they had this mock-up of a small apartment with a person walking around inside wearing a giant baby's head.  I know, sounds weird, but it kinda added to the atmosphere.  Inside the club was all sorts of strange things - a guy in a werewolf's mask, another guy in an outfit that looked like it was made of broken crystal.  Another guy walking around in black tights, some kind of red bustier, and a black mask that covered everything but his mouth.We loved the music.  It was a mix of dance, top 40, and some house, which was a better change from XS which was nothing but house.  We only saw one "act," but it was a sexual themed one, with a woman in lingerie twirling from ropes above the stage, the on the stage, a group of women in lingerie and half naked men doing a sensual, sexual dance around each other on the floor.  Then a guy joined the woman in the ropes in a 69 position and...well, you get the idea.  Clothes (at least what they had) stayed on, so it never got pornographic, but it was a bit wild.My one complaint was that it was a small dancefloor, even with the stage.  But, thankfully, it wasn't super crowded when we were there.  There was a crowd, but unlike XS, we had room to dance and weren't getting crushed.We got there around 1 AM, and would have stayed for more, but unfortunately, some chick in 6 inch heels stomped down on my girlfriend's foot and we thought her toe was broken.  It wasn't, but she was bleeding and it hurt her to walk, so we decided it was time to go back to the hotel.Strongly advise checking this place out.  Great music, cover isn't outrageous, and the acts are pure Vegas.  The Act is a lot of fun.
3	Interesting place. Went to the end of the world party here which was hosted by some Vodka brand that provided open bar to its guest list. The place is a funky and has off beat vibe. Vegas is a cool town with cool clubs but this type of thing is lost on me. I guess I partied hard enough in my 20's to not feel like I'm missing anything any more. I did learn they have a late night in which one night a week they stay open until 8 AM...guess I'll set my alarm clock for 5:30 AM that day :) The event was really nice and the staff was really cool all though this free event was cool I was in by 10:30 had a drink enjoyed some music and home in bed by 11:45 PM. I would come back if I got another invite to another event although it seems to be wasted on me to get this free stuff.
1	It was a fun club with good music and entertainment, but everything else about it sucked and still sucks.  Smells fishy, actually. - We had a reservation for 12 adults, but only room for 4-6. - We had to get extra tables because there was not enough room for everyone, which cost twice the price of our agreed rates.  They also tried to scam us on the price of bottles.- We paid over 2k in cash, which was then charged to a credit card.  None of the managers have returned multiple phone calls/e-mails to get this rectified. For bottle service, guests should not be making their own drinks.  Our waitress was barely present the entire time.  We paid for a VIP experience and at the end of the day we feel like we got totally scammed.Don't go here if you want a VIP experience...  you won't get one and you'll most likely get scammed as well.
4	This place is CRAZY, in the best way possible. My friend and I went to Vegas for the first time about a month ago and this was our late night destination on the first night. We went for The Act Afterhours, the late night version of the club that starts at 3am. Honestly, by the time we got to the Palazzo, I was ready to sleep and kind of questioning whether I really wanted to go in based on the crowd waiting in line outside. (Get a promoter, makes this go way faster and no cover!) When we got inside, I was still a little skeptical when it seemed kind of empty and cost $30 for two drinks. Yikes.However, this place ended up being one of my favorite moments of the trip. The place filled up fast and the music was excellent. I definitely haven't danced like that in ages. What really set this place apart was the bizarre, but amazing, "Alice in Wonderland" themed show, with cirque-du-soleil-esque dancers. There were other performers dancing in the crowd with the craziest costumes. At one point, a guy was making it rain doller bills. Yeah. Ridiculous, but so entertaining.This place isn't for someone who is easily disturbed though. It does kind of have a creepy circus/haunted house feel to it, which probably would have freaked me out normally, but somehow they make it work. I really don't have much else to comment on because I was too busy dancing and having an awesome time. So, take home message: this place is weird, but definitely a one of a kind experience and so worth checking out. If you want a Vegas experience, this is the place.
3	Place is strange, but interestingly strange...wasn't there for long but I was thoroughly entertained... Things floating from the ceiling, man on stilts, little pole running around. Good vibe and a decent mix of music.
5	The Act is really amenable to dancing: the crowd appears to be a bit older but it has a more laid-back atmosphere enlivened by a seriously killer DJ. People who complain about this place need to take their hooker heels elsewhere, perhaps a place where spray tanned beefcakes with prickly shaved arms will wear sunglasses indoors.Yes the place is a maze but it adds to the charm. We were looking for an exit but ended up in the bathroom, which was a lucky accident because we had to use it! The vibe is darker and sexier than any other club I've been to but it definitely works. After exclusively drinking Makers Mark all weekend, at the end of the night I made the critical mistake of slamming back some pink vodka crap proffered by a stranger (yes, I like to live on the edge) that effectively ruined it for me after the dancing had ended. But hey, at least I wasn't rufied.
4	I had previously heard about Act prior to coming to Vegas from some friends. I also heard about it from a bartender who said "Man, that place is WEIRD."  Nevertheless my friend and I went there this past Saturday night. Well, the bartender was right! It was definitely WEIRD for lack of a better word. Okay... let's call it unique, bizarre and one of a kind.  Ladies had open bar from 11-Midnight which we took advantage of, then the "Acts" began around midnight. The venue was small..... the foyer had a bar and a staircase to go upstairs to the VIP balcony area. The main level was very tight with a bar in the rear a dance floor and a small round stage for dancers in the middle and a main stage in the front. About every 30 min or so there was a performance then everyone jumped back up on the stage to dance until it was time for another one. The crowd had a good vibe and there were GoGo dancers and other characters walking around and interacting. I don't want to spoil any surprises for anyone but this club is not for the faint of heart or anyone with 1 ounce of prude in them...  and I must admit I was offended more than once as the performances pushed the envelope as far as they good. I was expecting cute little burlesque shows and honey I didn't get it.  Overall I had a great time. The music was great! The DJ played current hits and the music from the 90s!!! Which I loved... it's hard to find good music in Vegas these days now that house and EDM and random rap I don't know because I'm old rule the scene.  I heard the after-hours after 3am is cool too but I couldn't hang that long. It's definitely worth checking out...
4	Compared to other clubs on the strip, The Act is low-key and has class.If you want to experience a different type of club venue, this is a good place to goThe crow is definitely older and it also gets REALLY packed on the weekends, like most clubs.
5	Amazing club!  I just came back from it and had to write about it.  The DJ is amazing!  One of the best ever!  The DJ would switch from song to song every minute or so with great transitions, it really kept the party going.  Inside the club is small but very cool.  There are a bunch of performers that would wander and dance and made the place lively.  Some great dancers also.  Every half hour the DJ will pause and the performers would act out a scene that's pretty outrageous.  The club is so fresh, intimate and new that it's something all fun Vegas goers need to experience.  Amazing club that gives XS a run for it's money.
2	The Act is one of the strangest places I've ever been. First off, a promoter put us on the guest list by lurking around behind us as we were looking at a map trying to get to Tao. Very smooth.The Act feels like a weird haunted house, complete with hidden corners and dark hallways. We tried to dance, but they kicked us off the stage for the various acrobatic shows that they have, but there is nowhere to go once off the stage. The dance floor is teeny tiny, and since they blocked off upstairs, downstairs is very, very cramped. We tried to sweet talk our way into a booth so we could sit down, but our new friends got kicked out of The Act for smoking indoors.There were performers wearing animal heads that were kind of cool, but mostly straight out of a horror movie. The bathroom is tucked into a corner with this weird red lighting that probably hinders all putting on of makeup. And the exit requires direction by a staff member; that's how hard it is to find. Since I couldn't even get a drink because the bar was so crowded, I can't say I had a very good time at the Act. I kept getting kicked off of the stage, and there were an awful lot of people around me wearing flip flops and jeans and shorts. Not exactly the typical Vegas experience, but certainly something different.
1	The night started off well - we purchased the wrist bands for $100 to have unlimited well drinks and were immediately impressed with the side acts happening - almost circus like and very entertaining.  After about 1 1/2 hours at the club, we had just finished watching an act and a bouncer turned to me and said "time to call it a night."  I was very confused, because while I had finished three drinks, I was certainly not drunk on any "getting kicked out of the bar" level.  I tried to get clarification and he pointed at my girlfriend and said "she was swaying."  I thought he was kidding - she hadn't had any more to drink than me - and if she was swaying it was just enjoying the music - and furthermore, if she was the one getting kicked out, why would they tell me to be calling it a night?  It didn't make any sense.  They would just go to her and kick her out - but somehow, they knew we were together and made a point to kick us out together.  This was all before 1am.  After assessing our situation and trying to coordinate with the others in our group that were still in the club, I returned one more time to try and ask some questions.  I was completely respectful and just said I didn't understand.  The bouncer got a puffed up, crossed his arms and said it didn't matter why he kicked us out, he could do whatever he wanted - it was private property.  He said if he came to my house and I told him to leave he would have to go - same here.  Except we paid money to go into the club, and were dismissed before we were able to really even take advantage of it.  If you ask me, it's a brilliant business model - charge people the $100 for drinking and  then kick them out before they can use it.  There is no explanation for what happened.  We've been trying to figure out if they were just trying to make more room for other people - single people who might spend more money, or if they truly are taking advantage of that arm band and making money off of it.  We certainly weren't drunk enough or behaving in any way to merit it.  I've sent an email and am awaiting a response.  I've never been kicked out of a bar or club before, have always been respectful, and even in this situation, I never raised my voice or caused a problem.  But it ruined our night - I couldn't stop thinking about it and trying to figure out what happened.  As far as I'm concerned, they owe me $100 and an apology.  And if you do go, don't buy the wrist band or any deals - they'll just take advantage of you.
1	Halfway through my night at The Act I was thinking "This is a really great time" because it was entertaining, and different.  Unfortunately you can read about that in the other reviews, because I have to talk about how the staff at The Act ruined my friend's birthday and our last night in Vegas.  We brought in more than twelve people, guys in suits, girls in dresses, and we paid for wristbands to drink at the open bar.  We arrived around 11:30.  After an hour of dancing and watching the shows, a bouncer kicks out my friend and his girlfriend, no justification.  He claims she was "intoxicated" when she was very clearly not.  Not wanting to cause a problem, my friends complied with being escorted outside, and waited to ask what was going on and why they were being removed.  I guess calmly asking what the problem is doesn't work at The Act.  The bouncer just said he could remove them for any reason that he wanted, he didn't need to have a reason.  Are you kidding me?  We were couples who paid a hundred dollars and we had one hour in the club before our clearly sober friends were removed.  Interestingly enough this was when there was finally some action in the club and it was starting to fill up.  I guess they needed space for the single people?  My friend was clearly targeted, although truly, we have yet to figure out if there was any real reason other than a greedy club trying to increase turnover.  We're a group of friends in our late twenties willing to pay good money for a fun, interesting, different kind of night we thought The Act would provide.  What was different is that we paid to be treated like garbage an have our night ruined.  No one felt the need to come up with a reason for removing my friend and her boyfriend.What's worse is that we were paying guests of the hotel as well, but it seems that the staff at The Act thinks that once they have your money, they can toss you out.  We aren't loud piss drunk 21 year olds.  Ironically there were several loud piss drunk 21 year olds falling over that were allowed to stay.  It seems that purchasing "unlimited" drinks at The Act is a ticket to the door.Save yourself time, money, and embarrassment and go to XS or Hakkasan.... or anywhere where they actually train and watch their staff.
4	First and foremost this place is WEIRD lol i had no clue what this club was about until my friends sites told us to meet her there around 3 am because it stays open until 7 am!! wow and this was a saturday night.As me and my friend were walking in she got really creeped out from the statue thats in the front it even freaked me out because we didn't know if it was a real man or not haha! so we ran passed it and ran down this weird hallway i felt like i was in a haunted house! seriously. The dance floor is a little small but after they do their strange performances that i really enjoyed we went onto the stage. I won't spoil the performances and what their about but just don't be some prude, stuck up person who doesn't like jokes or some adult fun.Overall the place was really fun. bouncers were cool! they asked us why we were leaving so soon but i told them i was tired and they showed us our way out nicely. i will say don't get too intoxicated here because they probably will kick you out. however i seen a girl next to me who was SO MESSED UP!!! to the point everyone around her was uncomfortable i thought she would vomit everywhere and the security never escorted her out which was weird. So maybe just don't buy those wristbands i read some of those reviews.I recommend this place!! so fun and a great place to got o if you still want to party its located in the Palazzo =]
3	After contacting The Act, they reviewed the incident and called to offer an apology and make things right.  It was very gracious and much appreciated.  I hope to be able to party with them again under fresh circumstances.
3	I will give it 3 because the music is weird and the dance floor is small. Also they tend to stop the music for various performances.  When you first walk in it makes me feel like I'm in a carnival. Winding hallways , people in costumes and dark corners. If you can get over not hearing the best music you will have a good time. The drinks can be over priced and watered down but once you tip they get better.I say go at least once, what the heck!
5	This is our favorite club in Vegas.  It is just bizzare.  There are crazy dancers on stilts and ridiculous costumes, and the whole place has a funhouse/circus vibe.  The club reminds me of a vintage hotel with lots of windy halls that lead you to different rooms and bars.  The staff is super friendly and are always there for you if you get lost!At midnight there was a strip tease, and all the dancers are really interactive.  If you are tired of all the vegas clubs that only play house and remind you of Jersey Shore, then definitely stop by this place for a break.  I didn't have to pay cover on a saturday, but I think we just got lucky.Also, there was never a line to get a drink!
4	Final stop on the Las Vegas Club Crawl and how fitting to end it at the club where the first hangover movie was filmed.... Guys this place is crazy! We got there at about 12 or so I think and it was nuts! - dancers going wild, crowds and crowds of people that'll turn your life into hell if you've lost your mates and are trying to find them! It's a typical nightclub with ridiculously loud music, really dark corners and people everywhere (used to love those when I was back at Uni!) but there's something about the Act that makes it very (for a lack of a better word) 'unpredictable.. What I mean is that, get so shit-faced there and anything could happen. I think I might have been doing clap-pushups on one of the couches at some point!Anyway, it was great fun and we had a good time!
4	For those who might not dig the typical Las Vegas strip techno-infused, guest-list and often very crowded clubs, the Act is a fun and freaky alternative. That's exactly why we came our first time last weekend, we really just wanted to do something different. Different is exactly what we got. For anyone reading this from Southern California, The Act kind of reminded me of a Knotts Scary Farm maze come to life. There were winding hallways and people in costumes and it was great. We didn't stay for that long to be honest - not to get the best sense of what the music or crowd were like. But we definitely had a good time and it's a nice and different alternative to the typical Vegas scene. If weird, bizarre, and different might be your thing, I would  definitely check it out.
5	I came to this tucked away at the Palazzo this week on a Wednesday night. This place is different! There was no line outside, which scared me at first. Our hostess walked us into the club down a windy hallway filled with oddities, looked like a vintage hotel. All of a sudden you enter into an old theatre and this place was packed! Music jumping, good dj. We sat down at our table by the stage, bottle service was great she was very quick to constantly refill our drinks and all of the security was awesome, walking my girlfriend and I to the bathroom and walking us back to the table. Every hour they clear the stage and odd short little skits take place, so fun. Giant pink dancing elephants snorting drugs, acrobats, dancers in nurses costumes and animal heads. I will be coming back here next time I'm in Vegas for Saturday after hours. Great experience.
3	It's a small space and if you don't have a table, there's really no place to stand. The dance floor is extremely small and did I mention that there is really no place to stand besides in the freaking walkway where the security guys would flash their lights to tell you to keep moving. Weird little acts would come on stage every half hour or so and perform a short piece. The costumes are outrageous and that was probably the best part about the venue. The characters sometimes interact with crowd and that makes for some great photos.
1	I've many to many clubs in Vegas and this by far was one of the worst. Small dance floor, the promoters are rude and made dirty comments that we could over hear. They put on random acts through out the night that make you feel as if you should be on drugs.  It's a dangerous club you can't see and the space is awful!! Try out marquee Hyde or the bank. This place is not worth your time!
5	Seriously, new favorite club in Vegas!!  Forget all the hyped up clubs that are such a headache to try to get into, only to be completely over-packed, take forever to get drinks, and play way too much House/Electro.  I do love those bigger clubs but it gets old.  The Act was awesome.  Promoter got my whole group free entry, guys included and we didn't even get there until close to midnight.  Place is super bizarre, but in a good way.  There was a golden mannequin that looked like a man but had a vagina? as you enter and walk through the maze to get to the main club.  Place was full but not overly packed.  Drinks were easy to get from the bar.  Bartenders were very nice.  They played mostly Hip Hop, some Top 40 and a little bit of House.  Loved it!  There were really bizarre shows throughout the night.  One involved simulated Golden Showers...what?!  Weird.  Security was pretty cool too.  No jerk-attitudes.  Also, unisex bathrooms.  Overall, had a great time.  Loved the different experience and I'd definitely go back again.
5	Now that I've gone several times I enjoy it more and more each time I go. Music isnt always to my liking but I always seem to have a good time.Go check it out!!
5	I had so much fun here. It is a whole different vibe when you enter - feels like a whole different world. I got the VIP and bottle service and I thought out waitresses were kind and timely. Great music and the shows were different but fun to watch. This place isn't for everyone (as they have a fetish/S&M vibe) but it is definitely a great after hours place and a great place to go if you want to dance!
5	A bachelorette weekend in Vegas brought us to Act Nightclub for our first night out. Our group got a good table near the stage for a great price.The entry into the club was easy to find once our host told us to look for the elevator next to the Barneys store. Short line and we were in. The entry was unlike any Vegas club I have been to.. Long, winding, sexy, fun. The club reminds me of a 1930's theatre with as we saw later.. a burlesque show and more... much more !Interesting, sexy and a little different performers worked the stage and audience all evening. DJ was good and all in all a very good time.Our host from the club was Simon 702-727-7217
2	very small, and crowded, the most fun we had was taking a picture with a sexy zebra man.
5	OMFGG!! SO MUCH FUN!!!!  I honestly never been to such a distinct club!!! So my group got bottle service and it was incredible our waitress was always there to serve our drinks the music was fantastic and the mini shows got us so hyped up and the music doesn't stop which is good as well. I had to thank the clubs security bc with in 10 minutes of sitting in our area my phone feel into a crack between the cracks of the sofa so be very careful of where you put your phone, anyways the next day the club security was kind enough to take the sofa apart to rescue my phone I'm so very thankful for that otherwise my vaca would have been ruined. All in all I def recommend this place my group and I loved it so much we wanted to go back the next night. We will MOST DEF be coming back to The Act. P.S drinks were expensive just like another LV club/bar but so worth it for the entertainment you get!
5	The Venetian wants to throw them out for obscenity violations. Why is it that whenever a truly Amazing Club opens in the US, someone wants to get rid of it and generally succeeds?  Moulin Rouge mixed with Eyes Wide Shut. Go before it is gone. Truly nothing like it and while some of the stage shows offended my conservative values I didn't throw the baby out with the bathwater.  Cirque's sexy show put me to sleep but this, true perfection.  If these guys get over the pain of losing Vegas, I will make it a point to vacation wherever they relocate to.My new hotel of choice is now the Cosmopolitan. Grrrr Venetian and the Board of Sups that will likely support them.
5	I have reviewed this place before but have heard they might go away! Let's collectively take a moment to realize nightclubs in Vegas are pretty much cookie cutter fist pumps, which I don't mind but c'mon, we all need a little spicy in our life. So sin city is not real?? No Santa ? Tooth fairy ?... Might as well grab a laser pen and some daft punk turn the lights off in my living room. Where did I put that glow in the dark Dom P.Thanks Las Vegas/ Palazzo you  just saved me 3 grand! Now the only reason I would have to go to your hotel is to pick up my mom when she goes to the wax museum.
5	yep believe the hype, it's very wildesque, and interesting. The venue is a cross of vaudeville/burlesque, and the winding hallway gives you that impression. the statue or a live art (i'm not sure since I was still slightly drunk from my daylife shenanigans) is something to check out, i was hesitant to make further eye contact coz i was afraid it would move. eh. Anywho follow the hallway, and you'll find a corner bar, grab a drink then follow the hall up to the main section of the club in which you'll find another bar, and lot of booths (for bottle service), and a stage with a tiny dancefloor. Like everyone has mentioned you can on the stage when there isn't an Act on stage. The night we went, the dj was playing top 40 and old school hip hop which I loved since you hardly hear that sound in Vegas, it's a good change from all the EDM you hear at the tier 1 clubs. The Act has a good vibe, and a great atmosphere. loved the music and drinks are typical vegas prices. Not sure how much cover is since I went there as part of the "aod invasion" hosted by the jackcolton.com group. Oh, and some acts are downright trippy.
2	Great concept for a night club certainly the performers were outstandingly talented...However to my disappointment ...I contacted the club to your mobile texting through FB and requested to be on a guest list...To my understanding in most of the high end nightclubs I go to..If you made an effort to sign up and text ahead to be in the guest list...that means exactly that! You are a guest...and should not have to Pay the cover charge ($30.00)...$10 discount? Seriously ? It's not really the money but the principle behind a "guest list..." My suggestion to you..just don't solicit guest on FB ..and if we go...You'll just make money off from us...You have a great concept of entertainment ...people will spend money in your club once inside...You don't need to nickel and dime your "Guest!"
5	Intense... That sums up my night here. Club gets packed and theres not a lot of room when it does but wow the shows where crazy. The performers really get into it so you know your gonna see some crazy. Some stuff was a little much for me but definetly worth going. The staff was great and even when it was extremely busy we got everything we needed quickly. Drinks are a little spendy but no different then any other club on the strip.
5	loved it here. will go again!! great music, good drinks, good vibe, no drama and crazy fun acts they put on. there dancers are in cute sexy outfits and they had trapiaze artists above us at one point.it is smaller there but enough room to dance but if your looking for a big huge bar and huge dance floor like the wynn this isnt then place. the size of the bars and dancing is more like hyde. i would go again. we got our tickets from vegas.comi saw guys in slacks and fitted jeans as well.
5	This is one of the best and the most interesting club I've been to! The shows do run around half an hour and the club is pretty clean (comparing to some dirty ones I've been to). The music is awesome!!! Remember to check their FB page then send them a text to be on the guest list. You still have to wait for a little bit to get in but it's totally worth it. Not a big club but definitely a different one!!! Really enjoyed it.
5	I just came here again last night (Saturday) and this place is still so awesome! Like a secret society, tucked away. Since this was a weekend night and last time I came during a weekday it was even wilder! Dancers dressed in Alice and wonderland gone rogue creepy bunny masks and 18th century outfits walked the floor, aerialists spun from the ceiling, and the dj was incredible! Usually Vegas dj's are pretty bad compared to other areas...this guy got everyone going crazy. It was packed and unfortunately the tables were already sold out when we got there at 11 (our own fault). Employees walked around in lamb costumes on three feet stilts and full geometric body suits...this place is different and fun! I love the way it's decorated inside like a mad house and the upstairs is nice too. I always want to come here when I go to Vegas!
2	A LOT of sketchy reviews here tipping the results. I'm talking to you, The Act management!The performers that do their thing on the dance nights really do a good job. The problem is: everything else/The music is terrible. I know, I know "What did you expect on the Strip?" The crowd = offensive. Worst yet - the management, just a disaster. The Palazzo (where the club is located) is trying to evict them and I don't blame them.
4	CLOSED - Out of business as of 10/13/13Just found out that last night was the LAST night for this club.  Too bad!  I really thought this place was fun because it was different!
4	When you come to Vegas, you want something different. You want something memorable. Maybe you want something a bit bizarre that will leave you puzzled the next day wondering if you really did/saw that. For better or worse, The Act may be that option.Sarahs description as Wonderland gone rogue perfectly works here. Donkeys in vests, confetti/moss creatures, Dark Alice , and even Lady Gaga's lookalike are just a few of the things you may encounter. Also, in the main room, there is a aerial performer who uses a ring to swing and hang above the bar. If Dave R. is correct and they are now out of business, it will be a loss to the Vegas night life.
5	Went here last night wishing I could e brought everyone I know, because this place is amazing. Not only is the attention to detail of the structure and decor above par, but you can't help but feel like you belong to some underground party that represents what Vegas is really about. Act is exactly what it means. There are acts that go on every hour in supplement to unique characters all over the club to ensure each individual is having a new experience and a good time.
5	I spent my 21st birthday on a Friday night here, it was one of the best times of my life. We got VIP service. I walked in feeling like I was going through a maze, it was like an acid trip. I watched half-dressed women walk around like animated characters, in a really classy and sexy way. It was also fun to watch, super entertaining. I got chosen as one of the three girls to come on stage and to just dance for fun. I got spanked with a fly swat which is a pretty weird/funny story. The music was great, it was SO loud. I definitely let loose that night, and all of my friends had a great time thanking me to invite them to this club. The prices of the water is bullshit but hey, I'm not a Las Vegas native so I probably don't know shit about how they price waters there. In California bars/clubs generally it's free! I was really sad to discover the club closed down. I would recommend this club to ANYONE if they want something different with great energy. Sad this club closed down. Hopefully the workers/dancers there got another job in hand with the holidays coming up.
2	Oops. The news that the Act Nightclub recently closed reminded me that I never got around to reviewing it while it was open. But it's just as well, because my only suggestion would have been for them to just pack it in. Which they did. So, I'm pleased.We were initially persuaded to come inside by a promoter who surreptitiously scoped us out while we were reading a map.Walking through the long, windy entryway felt like entering a haunted house, only less well-decorated and more deserted. Once inside, the confusing vibe didn't improve any. There was not much of a dancefloor to speak of, and the limited amount of movement you were allowed was cut short when the floors and stage were cleared to make room for a very, very weird floor show comprised of some acrobatics and some weirdos in costumes. I'm not sure what they were trying to achieve with this entertainment. Was it supposed to be sexy? Scary? Eerie? It was mostly just exasperating.I would've gotten out of there more quickly, if only I could figure out which way the hallways were going.
4	Just saw that the act closed!!! :( totally didn't review when I was there in September and loved it!! It was cool and different not much dance floor but the music was awesome. I loved that it was open til like 7am we got out of there around 5:30 and the party was still going. Wish it were still open for our Vegas trip next June!! Oh well guess we will have to find another late night spot maybe drai's???
