1	Very disappointed!!  When I first spoke with Davonna I was excited and was already planning on giving her a big tip because she seemed very professional and sweet.  Unfortunately that is where the professionalism ended.  I called to advise that I may show up a couple minutes late after a hectic day and was greeted with attitude from the get go.  I was hoping for a relaxing experience and realized maybe I would just get the hour from the time I was scheduled for but was cut short of even that.  The lecture I received on etiquette also ruined any opportunity for the relaxation that is advertised in the description.  I also was not impressed with the actual massage but that may be attributed to many factors including the stress that was added when I arrived.  If you do decide to go please make sure to show up 10 minutes early if it is your first time because it will only be on the bottom of the invite you will receive and will lead to the dissertation on your lack of professionalism as a client.  As I started with, all I can say is that I am very disappointed...
5	I, LOVE LOVE LOVE Blue Skye's Massage Clinic.  Davonna is great and very professional.  She is thorough and you can tell she is very passionate about what she does.  I has been having some back pain from moving and not sleeping well and she fixed me right up.  I spoke with her and explained what has been going on and she developed a plan to help with my back pain that worked very well.  I have been working with her for months and she is very caring and takes great care of her clients.
5	I have had MANY massages during my lifetime. I received a gift certificate to Blue Skyes for Christmas which is why I tried them out. It was an amazing massage. First, the decor in the massage room is very relaxing- some are just dark to set the mood but visually this was the most calming room I've been in for a massage. Second, Davonna is very knowledgeable. I had a therapeutic/deep tissue massage as I am always very tight. She was able to work on areas without being painful (which I have experienced with other therapists). She also asked me great questions to determine if there was something I was habitually doing to increase my tightness. I also almost fell asleep it was that good!Third, after my massage she spent some time going over certain stretches that would specifically benefit me. I appreciated Davonna's passion and professionalism. I will go to Blue Skyes again!
5	I was very pleased with my massage at this clinic. The location was easy to find and very convenient, since it was near the 60.  The setting was attractive and relaxing, with ample parking and an elevator.  The massage was excellent (I have lots of experience with massage, so I know when I am getting a good one), and the therapist's sympathy and professionalism were apparent.  I am looking forward to my next session in this clinic.
5	Davonna took me in on short notice due to headache issues ... she responded promptly to my distress call very early in the morning and I have NEVER been to her prior to this!  This showed me she truly wants to help folks!I arrived... she took me in.... worked my problem area and communicated to me the whole time on her thoughts, findings and continued to assure me she would have me back up to par soon.  I would recommend her to anyone and with huge confidence!
2	I'm very glad to hear that my review has prompted the masseuse to make some changes in her etiquette.  I'm sure the other reviews were edited to offset my first review.  But as you can see she never addressed my issues ... only said that all her other reviews were filtered.I still stand by my first review whole heartedly.  Maybe she had a bad day ... I guess all people do.  But, i asked her if she wanted to reschedule ... she said i could, but i would be charged a no show.  Hence, the start of my bad review.However, her filtered reviews do show very positive feedback which I commend.
5	I went to Blue Skyes Massage for both lymphatic and regular massages.  I results were wonderful - my allergies were improved and I noticed improved posture right away.  Davonna is very thorough and knowledgeable.  I highly recommend Blue Skye Massage Clinic!
5	I had my first massage with Davonna on March 14th, as I've been having some serious issues with my back and my chiropractor recommended a massage with someone who can help work out the knots and adhesions. Davonna immediately came to mind, as with her education and background I knew she'd know what to do. Well, she sure did! She even gave me some stretching exercises to help improve my back problems. Boy was I sore that night and the next day, but icing it like she told me to helped with that. As of Monday, March 17th, the soreness is pretty much gone, as is the pain. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU Davonna for knowing what to do to help me! You are an angel and a lifesaver! I am so glad I met you and that you are in my building so I have NO excuses for not taking care of my back.
5	I have had back problems for 30+ years, I have been to several Chiropractors, had Spine blocking shots and even tried Therapeutic massage, well this last Friday 9/5/2014, I was healed!!! Matt the new Therapist hurt me good with deep tissue massage and got my knots out..., I have slept better than I have in years, thank you Matt can't wait to see you again, so the pain never returns.Neil C.
5	Been to a few different referred massage therapists on Mesa, but they were all below average. Someone referred me to Blue Skye's and Davonna. She's amazing! Very well recommended for runners!
