2	Let me start out by saying I love Chili's.  That being said, I had an awful experience at this particular location.  First, there was a drunk guy wandering around causing a scene in there and it took a while for anyone to ask him to leave.  Mind you this was at 11:30 AM.  This would not have ruined my experience, because I know stuff happens.  Then the waiter walks up and calls us kids... I'm almost 30.  Then the real kicker was when the food finally came and my rice still had the bag on it that they re-heat it in.  This grossed me out.  I do not want to know what sort of pre-packaging my food comes in.  Then when I told the waiter, it sort of seemed like this happens all the time.  So either way, I've been back there, but not happily.
5	As a bartender at another place in riverview, I've gotta say Sam is the best bartender in the area, the guy is spot on and should run for public office.As far as the food, it's chili's, you know what you are getting.
3	Just got back from a dinner here with my folks. They were in town from California and though I'm big on going to local places when out of town, my mom insisted on Chili's so that's where we went. Service was good, and my food tasted as expected. The only thing that was kind of awkward was that my dad found a hair in his meal. Alright. So he tells another server that's walking by and he asks if my dad wants another meal as he was just about finished with his, and he was like no it's fine, but could we get a dessert? And he says sure no prob. Our original server comes out a few minutes later and gives off the feeling that he knows what happened but doesn't want to bring it up. So when he asks my dad if he wants a box for his food, my dad days "no, there was a hair in it, but the other gentleman is going to bring us out a dessert for free". Our original server seems kind of offended that another server did his job I guess? Whatever. Either way, we got a free molten chocolate cake, and everyone else enjoyed their meal. Will I return? probably.
3	Ate again here last night with some friends. Not that anything about Chili's or this location in particular is TERRIBLE, but I would take Applebee's over Chili's any day.
3	well how can you go wrong with basic American food. i do like their chips and salsa. the early 20 some year old waiter was a little slow on the rebound. and i do want to know when we have turned into barbarians? seriously, if you are sending chips and salsa my way-why is it so odd that we ask for appetizer plates? what happened to normal table etiquette??? I guess I should not expect much but a little something would be nice. the food was not hot and it wasn't warm even but what the heck?
5	Excellent service & great food.  Even more importantly, their service and quality are consistently good, visit after visit. Kudos to the managers!  We will keep coming back.
3	I love Chili's. My husband and I always go for the 2 for $20 deal at whatever Chili's location we may be, but this location seemed to skimp out on the proportions quite a bit. I'm not sure if that's a new rule for the 2 for $20 or what, but we were still hungry after our meal, and I'm usually stuffed! We both ordered a half-rack of ribs with fries. My ribs didn't have much meat on them, and seemed a little overcooked and dry. And for some reason, my plate had more fries in it than my husband's. Maybe they were looking for a balance? Haha! Said fries were also too salty.The service was good, our waiter was very friendly. It was a busy night, so he took a while to get us a few things, but that's understandable.On the bright side, the appetizer was excellent. I absolutely love their grilled corn guacamole!
2	I went to this chilis last night with an old friend for dinner... but I accidentally kind of ate dinner at Liberty Market before I went (oops....curse their delicious yet filling coffee and desserts!). So my friend and I just shared some chips and salsa and a chicken jalapeno quesadilla. So our waiter was on his first day and made some mistakes.... brought out the wrong type of quesadillas and didn't fill the water when he should of, but I don't fault him and he apologized profusely (too much... ha). The quesadillas just weren't good though. I go to the chili's by ASU a lot, and the food is generally fine, it is what it is, but it's convenient and good. The food last night was not good. The chicken tasted weird and half of the pieces were crispy and the other half were soggy....So a meh for this place.... I'd probably give it another shot if someone wanted to go here, maybe it was just an off night.
3	2.5 for service 3 for foodThe food is typical Chili's.  I honestly can't complain.  What I will mention my distaste over is the SLOOOOOOW service we received.  We arrived at just before noon.  It was not that busy and it never really got overly busy for what I  would expect would be a busy lunch rush.  Ok so we were a party of 8 at lunch time but we didn't order anything out of the ordinary, some quesadillas, a couple of burgers a few sandwiches and some salads.  We were so famished by the time we got our meals we ate quickly. Also by the time we got our checks and they processed the cards that was another PROOOOOOCESSS.We had an hour for lunch and we were more than 15 min late to our meeting next door at Bass Pro. I have been to other places like Chili's for lunch and I have been in and out within about 45 min.  If you are not in a hurry and in the area consider them but there is plenty of other places to consider near by.
3	This Chili's is like all the rest I've been to. If you come in with low expectations, you will be satisfied. I was going to rate it 2 stars, but the chicken enchilada soup here was very delicious. If you know what to expect from Chili's, this isnt any different.
3	I have always enjoyed the quesdillas at Chili's. Try their happy hour where they offer bottled and draft beers. There chicken tenders are okay but they are breaded and I do not care for breaded chicken tenders but rather the grilled ones which they do not offer. The salsa here is not very good, I have tasted store bought salsa that tastes much better. The best thing Chili's has to offer is the happy hour.
3	It's Chili's.It's what you expect, but if you've never been there, let me give you the run down.I always order the chips and salsa.  Chips are fresh, thin and usually warm, if they are not ask for new ones.  The salsa is flavorful without being overwhelming with heat.I will more than likely order the boneless Buffalo wings - you get a fair amount and again the flavor is there with the overpowering heat.The burgers are good, quality beef with a fresh bun.They have steak fries.  I'm a fan of small fries but don't hate these.Great Happy Hour deals.The place is usually clean and I really like sitting in the bar with the friendly staff and many TV's to watch.
5	Go here probably every month! Love the staff!! They are totally sweet. Awesome prices and food.
4	Okay I'm not very big on Chili's style restraunts.  But having said that, I had a pretty good time there on Saturday. Bryan (the bartendar), and Brad (the manager) do a good job over there.  They treat everyone like regulars and make sure you have every thing you need to enjoy your visit. Thanks guys!
4	Ah, Chili's...we meet again!Today I wanted to treat myself to a decent meal. So, in between my two 6-11 shifts , I decided to swing by.I snuck in the back door and walked right up to the bar. Surprisingly, I was the only person sitting there at 5:00 pm...perhaps there's a decent happy hour in my future...but, I digress.I noticed they added a special "Chipotle" themed section to their menu. I had every intention of examining the whole menu, but all I could see were the Chipotle Shrimp Tacos topped with avacado. How could I possibly choose anything else?Needless to say, the tacos were FANTASTIC!!! I opted for rice and broccoli as my two sides...some feeble attempt at making this meal seem healthy.While I was enjoying my delicious fare, I was also surrounded by nine televisions. Granted, it was a Wednesday, so there was nothing on except for baseball...disappointing, I know. Once again...keeping this in mind for future adventures.When all was said and done, I had an awesome meal for around $15.00. And now that I think about it, I never asked for a refill on my Diet Coke, though I know I must have had quite a few. The only logical conclusion: the bartender was a ninja.
4	As casual, mid-level (does that make sense...and/or sound horrible), dining establishments go I don't mind Chili's (it's certainly better than AppleBee's).I guess the best way to describe Chili's (or at least separate it from the other places that our similar) is that they put a "Southwest" twist on typical casual dining food. I hadn't been to Chili's in a LONG time (I live in San Francisco and I couldn't even tell you the closest one to me), but I used to go every now and then when living in AZ, and even think I had been to this one when Riverview first opened.Part of the reason I'm giving this Chili's 4 stars is because when I was here with my family recently we had excellent, prompt service. Our waiter was extremely friendly, and even gave us to-go cups for our drinks when we left without even asking him to do so. Also, I don't know if this is a new thing at Chili's, but we were given free chips & salsa like you get at a lot of Mexican restaurants (I noticed if you check in on foursquare this offer is made, but I didn't even bring it up). As far as the food goes I ordered the honey Chipotle chicken tenders w/fries & corn on the cob and it was good. Everyone who I dined with was satisfied w/there meals as well. It doesn't hurt that the food at Chili's is pretty cheap compared to other places that serve similar food.I know some people hate on places like Chili's because they're so commercial (and I'll admit...I can be one of them), but this place is pretty legit and I'd definitely come back.
5	Chili's is one of my favorite restaurants.  It is casual and relatively inexpensive and there is usually little to no wait time.  The staff is always very friendly and the food comes out very quickly.  My favorite dish is the Quesadilla Explosion Salad, but i have honestly never eaten a bad meal here.  This is a place my family and I tend to frequent, and I definitely recommend it!
3	It's Chilli's.. come on now.  Always reliable to be consistently the same. Which is not a bad thing.
2	Came here for lunch with the fam. Blah.
2	Service was very good; food not so much. My 6 oz Parmesan Encrusted steak was grey in the middle and the cheese was not put on until just before it was served, so it wasn't the same temp and didn't seem to be part of the steak. Broccoli was good, potatoes average. Steak was disappointing and tough, hard to cut. I like their burgers but wanted to try something different...wish I hadn't. Our server was very good; the skillet chocolate chip cookie was also VERY good. Next time a burger.
2	I always forget why I don't come here and then I remember. It's mediocre at best.
3	The ONLY reason this place is getting three stars is because our server was awesome.  He paid attention, got us drinks quickly so we even had time for two each. He didn't interrupt when he could see there was serious conversation and we did not feel rushed, being your typical burn and turn type of restaurant.  Food was decent, but drinks and food was extremely overpriced for a place like this. $12 each for a house vodka and Red Bull??!!  The place was clean, but super, super ghetto.  People there scared me...  Not trying to be rude here, but would have sat at a table if there was one open instead of a booth because I had to sit on the edge of the booth to be able to reach the table.
4	This place is a little more then your typical Chillis. They seem to have very little turn over in staff and it shows in the quality of servers. Everyone is very nice and they do a great job. Always clean, always quick with the food, highly recommend. If I could move the entire staff to a non-chain restaurant with great food then they would get all 5 stars.**Tip** If possible- always, ALWAYS, sit in the bar area. Even with kids. Seriously.
3	We got there and we had to wait due that it was packed, but it wasnt a long wait until we got our seats...Waitresses are kind and helpful...Overall, it was a pleasant experience, i would go back...
2	I'm comparing this Chili's to the one on Shea in Scottsdale.  This was a Sunday at about #:30-ish.  There was no wait although the room was packed.  Our server was quick, pleasant, and as a long time ago server myself, hit all the required steps with perfect timing and a smile.  I always stick to my favorite dish, the Triple Dipper.  I'm crazy about chicken crispers, so they were two of my choices, with the third being southwestern eggrolls.  I've had this at least 6 times before at other Chili's.  The bad news was one bite of the egg roll sent me into spasms of choking and coughing and left my throat burning.  Someone went to town with the cayenne pepper or hot peppers.  I tried it again at the end of the meal and it again set my mouth on fire.  There has always been a little kick to these but NEVER enough to choke me and burn afterward.  The chicken crispers were surprisingly disappointing.  They were not burned or dry, but were far from fresh.  All the other times I've had them there has been a loud crunch at the first bite of freshly cooked coating, then the juices surround my mouth with butter soft delectable chicken.  Even drowning them in the ranch dressing didn't help.  They were edible, but not noteworthy.  Probably what you would get from a pouch of frozen breaded chicken once it had been dipped in the deep fryer basket again to serve hot.  This is not the usual Chili's experience, so I can't blame the chain.  But I blame the manager for caring more about filling seats than the quality of the food.  I'll stick to my beloved Scottsdale Chili's on Shea where I've never been disappointed, even once.
4	Our server Logan went above and beyond!! He was so friendly, had great knowledge of the menu! We would come back just for him!!
4	Great service and the waiter was always checking on us never had to look around for service. They use these new computers at your tables to order drinks, food, desserts etc. It was nice being able to press a button and have a drink refill within seconds. You can also pay your bill from the tablet at your table no need to wait for a check and them to return your slip and card to sign. Oh and they hooked it up on chips and salsa to go!!!
1	If you're looking for sub standard food, steak not cooked right the first time and when you send it back it comes the exact same way, service that doesn't write down what you want as sides or takes forever for drink refills than this is the place to be. I understand that this is a chain resteraunt and the level of giving a crap about your customers is low but I'm still spending money...
2	Food was good service was not great.  Not there when you need them.  Had to get up for silverware and napkins and for more water.
1	Not impressed. Food was gross, staff didn't look professional or like they even tried to look decent. Just seemed really sloppy.the menu was too much, you just dont know where to start and the food doesnt even look anything like what you get.Definitely not visiting that chilies again.
4	Why did we stop going to Chili's... We were looking for a dinner place on a Tuesday night and ended up here so we can watch a movie next door. I ordered the Cajun Chicken Pasta. It was sooooo cheesy and the garlic bread was perfect crunchy and soft. Yum!! And we got the dessert which is of course the Chocolate Molten! Soooo delishhhhh and ooey gooey. We used their ziosk to order the dessert which was pretty cool and also paid our tab there. So quick and easy. And our server was great as well!Def need to start coming here again!
3	I am normally a big fan of this chain....HOWEVER. A friend and myself went into this location last weekend. I was surprised how empty it was. I was also surprised at the new mini LCD screens they have on each table. A neat thing to have since it can show you menu items, play games and pay your tab on it. What irked me a little was getting the bill and seeing an entertainment charge had applied. I was told there is a warning about that on the start up screen but i dont recall having seen it. The fee is only a buck so its not worth crapping kittens over....its just the principal. Anyone that brings kids in there can automatically expect to see an extra dollar on the bill...good hustle Chili's. I normally love their southwest eggrolls. This time....ehhh...not so much. They seemed less than crispy and lacked the flavor i remember. Otherwise the rest of the food was good, hard to screw up a house salad, and the service friendly. Will i go back?-maybe. Will i go out of my way for it?-NO
2	If you order anything more than appetizers and expect a quality meal, you'll be somewhat let down..
1	Wouldn't be bad if it didn't take so long in the bar area. Waited for over a half hour for food that was ordered ahead of time and told it would be ready when I got there to take out. The bartender, think his name was Carlos, seemed to hate his job and interacting with people. While I was waiting, he would make comments to his boss "their own fault, I don't care". As if customers weren't present. As I was waiting, also noticed walk in customers getting their orders already. How is it possible that an order that was out in the previous day is taking longer than a same day order? No apologies or explanation was offered either. Brought it up to a gentleman and he said it's probably because I did it wrong on tr website (I called and spoke to someone over the phone when ordering) I also brought up that I've done this every month the last 5 months so doesn't make sense why this time is such a mess up. Interesting experience to say the least. Feel bad for the people at the bar if that's their service. Don't order carry out or dine it at this location of you expect customer service.
3	I'm not sure what it is, but even though I go to Chili's knowing the food is mediocre, I still walk out disappointed. I ordered a steak medium rare and it came out extremely well done, and my margarita was really quite gross. I'm also not at all a fan of paying at a little computer at the table... It seems extremely tacky to have to slide my card and figure out how to run a gift card at a sit-down restaurant. I will say my server was quite friendly but I just don't know if I'll ever come back.
3	Things I've had here and how I feel:Chips and Guac: Love it. I get it every time.Loaded Potato Skins: Pretty good. Not the best, but if you're a potato skin fan, you won't be disappointed.Buffalo Boneless Wings: I'm a sucker for breaded boneless wings. These wings did their job. Mini burgers- Good! The bun it comes on is delicious. I think it may be a Hawaiian Sweet roll. Sweet and Something Burger - Cooked well, delicious, crunchy onion ring insideFries - Meh. If you're a beer connoisseur like I am, don't go here for a drink. Beer selection is inadequate.Service was okay, but I don't expect much from chain restaurants.
1	Appetizer took forever,  then one entree comes out and mine was either forgotten or taken to another  table.  Restaurant was pretty dead when we arrived which left us wondering why the waitress was so unattentive .  It appeared  she chose to avoid us due to the fact that are  food  was taking forever. Manager comped my meal but it was a horrible dining  experience and I usually  like chili's won't be returning to this location. Your better off eating at a hot dog Stand!
3	I went during dinner on a Friday night so I expected it to be crowded. Me and the other three guest in our party were seated in about 20 minutes so no complaints there. It did take about 15 minutes before someone came and asked us what drinks we wanted but by then we already knew what we wanted to eat including appetizers so it made it easier on all of us. I had the southwest pairings meal and the texas cheese fries (best pregnancy craving ever) Everyone else in my party seemed to enjoy their food.I do love that they have the z-tablet now at all the tables. You don't have to wait to pay your waiter no more and it prints the receipt right out there. You can scan your coupons there as well and refill/order drinks and order desert without doing the awkward waving and staring at your waiter/waitress till they acknowledge you. For 99 cents you can play games on it which is good since my boyfriend has the patience of a child sometimes.Great way to save money is the 2 for 20 meal which is an appetizer and two entrees (which would normally cost 30+) or for $35 you get two margaritas and a desert along with your entrees. The lunch portions are nicely prices as well. Between 11am-4pm, you can choose a lunch portion of some favorites which comes with your choice of soup or salad.
5	we were seated right away. staff was speedy and polite. the food was good except the fries were over salted. other wise no complaints.  one waiter was kind enough to call us a cab and then call them again when they didn't show up.
