5	I found this place during a seemingly endless quest to find the perfect furniture to fit in my little 50s ranch-style house. I had already hit several furniture stores in Phoenix and was bummed to find only generic looking oversized, overstuffed couches. Everything I saw seemed to have puffy rounded arms and pillowy backs in various shades of brown. BORING! I thought I'd try IKEA because I like that sleek Scandinavian style, but when I arrived I was reminded of how cheaply made and tiny their furniture is. Thankfully, I had spotted the Mod Home billboard on the way, so I thought I'd give it a shot. From the second I walked in, I knew I'd found the right place! I don't know much about interior design, so my descriptions can't do justice to all of the awesome couches, chairs, and accessories I discovered here. Basically, everything just looked super cool and modern. Honestly, the hardest part was choosing which couch/loveseat I liked the best. Thankfully, they have designers there to help. The day I was there, Christina was instrumental in helping me find the winner by asking me a few questions about my place and my style as we looked at the different couches that had initially caught my eye - no pressure or upselling, just good advice. I was lucky to find a couch in the right style and upholstery, but Christina let me know that they also have a variety of upholstery choices for most of the couches that can be custom ordered and in your home in just a few weeks. I had my couch/loveseat delivered within a few days and the guys that brought it set it up in a flash.I LOVE my new furniture!
3	They have a lot of things of choose from but nothing I liked.  The fabric on the couches were scratchy and colors were dull.  Most of the furniture are made from China and they don't have a lot in stock.  Everything takes a few weeks (2 to 3).  But the prices are reasonable.
5	Well we just ordered our "Coast" couch, and we too waffled back and forth between Ikea and this store. We couldnt find a better value, price and style, and placed our order here. We should see the couch in about 2-3 weeks. I am really excited about replacing my 20 year old fabric couch with this new leather one in a contempory, yet, classic style that I think is a timeless design. I am an artist, so I appreciate this. We were also so very happy with the service. I'll update soon with the rest of this story.
2	I agree with Cesar G and Judy F. I had high hopes for this place when I saw the sign as I love vintage style. However, there was very few things that were truly vintage looking replicas, and yes they were overpriced for what they were. I left unexcited, uninspired, and empty handed.
4	Great service & super cute furniture! Yay! I searched for hours through various swatches as their sofas come in SO many fabric options! While I was contemplating my furniture plans I met an interior designer who told me that this place has great quality furniture for awesome prices & that she uses them for a lot of her upscale remodels- um, yeah that's awesome!This is a total find & well worth the drive!
2	I would have rated them 5 stars for the furniture and some of the prices, but they lose 3 stars for the bad salesperson I dealt with. I walked into the store, cash in hand, ready to buy a fairly expensive chair. The person said they would price match most retailers, so I showed him a deal I'd found online, the same chair for $150 cheaper. I don't expect a brick-and-mortar store to exactly match an online price, so I was willing to meet somewhere in the middle. However, the salesman had no interest in even trying. He just looked at the price online and said, "Yeah you should just buy it from them, then." No attempt to make a sale, just completely dismissed me even though I was ready to make a deal. Salespeople like this are the reason Internet retailers are destroying local stores. If Mod Home ever goes under, they should know it's because their people are costing them money.
5	I had been shopping for a kitchen table for 6 months and was soooo over being swarmed by sales people as soon as I walked through the door, and then unable to ditch them I was thrown endless sales pitches if I even glanced at a table. So when I walked in to Mod Home and was greeted by a person, far off in the distance, just to say hello and to let to let me know if I had questions to let them know I was seriously relieved. I was instantly in a better mood. I was relaxed. I took my time. I looked at other items that I wasn't even in the market for just because they have some really cool furniture to look at. And when I finally did have a question I was able to quickly locate a person to help. I ended up buying an awesome kitchen table at a great price. The delivery guys were great and the assembly was quick.
4	Nice selection of furniture, with more of a contemporary flair. The associates there are very friendly, with a no pressure attitude while being very informative. Prices are fair for the quality.
5	I love their furniture, the staff and their service! I bought living room furniture in October of 2012 and it looks brand new!
2	Furniture selection (very modern) and customer service at the store was great!Furniture delivery, on the other hand, was absolutely terrible. Ordered a leather sectional, which came unwrapped and uncovered. Upon inspection, noticed that the chaise piece was damaged (most likely when bringing it up the stairs). After sending the entire sectional back, the guys came back about an hour later with a new sectional. Again it came unwrapped. While trying to put the sofa and chaise pieces together, the delivery guy pushed into the side of the sofa and ripped it. Had to wait another week for the re-delivery, and finally, third time's the charm. If possible, just pick up your furniture from their warehouse. Paid $70 for this delivery service, only for it to ruin my overall experience with the store.
1	The store has a nice selection of reasonably priced furniture. We purchased 6  counter stools, good quality, fair price. HOWEVER, we were lied to about shipping delivery - repeatedly.  Our phone calls were NEVER returned. To make things worse not even an apology was offered. Poorly managed. The store manager Damian could care less about customer satisfaction. He has a serious attitude. I would beware of shopping here.
1	The people at the store are friendly. That's the nicest thing I can say. After selecting and ordering a custom sofa- five weeks into a six week order- the woman who placed it called to tell me that the manufacturer (Jonathan Louis) called to tell them that the frames weren't being made. I have two issues with this- 1. Why wasn't anyone checking on the progress of the order for the customer? 2. Why is Mod Home doing business with a shoddy manufacturer who doesn't give them the heads up that they shouldn't be selling a product because it's being discontinued? There is a MAJOR communication  problem here between the store and manufacturer and I'm the one left holding the bag. I was just about to call them to ask when my sofa was going to be ready. Now I'm going elsewhere- and I'm way behind in having a sofa for my new house. This store won't get my business again. The woman actually had the audacity to ask when I'd be back in. I resisted- but the answer is never.
1	As many of the reviews express there are some nice furnishings at Mod. The salespeople can be friendly when you actually talk to them in person but this is where the experience ends. I've been shopping the entire Valley for a sofa and found one there I actually liked at a fair price. A new one would have taken up to two months so I asked about the floor model and offered to let them keep displaying for three weeks till i moved to new place. "we can't sell floor models" the sales manager said although all over the store there are Sold signs on floor models. He gave me his card as I left and said to email any questions.  The next day I did.  After a week there was no response so I called and talked to another designer/salesperson. I asked for info on manufacturer, dimensions and style. I was promised an email response. A day later nothing so I called and finally got the info sent.  I wanted to sit on it again so I returned to the store and talked to the designer that sent the info after multiple requests. I was told another one had shown up in their warehouse in a different color with awful accent pillows. I said I would think about it.  Next day I asked them to give me a price I can't refuse offer given all that had transpired and if good enough I would buy.  Four days later no response so I asked if email was received. They said yes but wouldn't negotiate.  I then gave a reasonable offer within 15% of asking price and still have not heard a word for many days.  The company will not exist long if they don't do all they can to both follow up with customers and realize they won't have a job if they don't sell everything they can. The management needs to wake up and start doing some sales training as each time I was there the salespeople were more interested in ordering or eating lunch than making a sale.  They also need to know that with steep furniture competition (two stores right next to them) they won't last long as the only company that doesn't negotiate.  There is a win win in every situation and business's that don't car about customer satisfaction don't win.
