5	This spot just opened up about a week ago. They're bread is off the hook, and the meat and cheese selection is above adequate. Build your own, or choose one of the hangover themed delicacies. Either way, you are in for a treat. They are still putting in tables, so I suggest taking them to go, for now..when this place gets up and going completely...it will be the monster of university area delis.
5	This is the best sandwidch shop in Az. Everything is good depending on what you are in the mood for. They have some Excellent Italian Grinders, and the Savory Turkey will change the way you look at eating healthy!Delicious and good for you! Its family owned and operated so why not stop by today and support something worthwhile as compared to all those corporate slave run places like subway or silvermine!
4	Came here for a quick sandwich while in town for business. It looked modest from the outside and I was SHOCKED at how delicious the sandwiches were. The next day, I brought 2 coworkers with me and they felt the same. I had the "scrumptious turkey" 12" hoagie....I'm from Philadelphia, so I know my hoagies....this place was delicious and I can't recommend it highly enough. Friendly staff, good food, good service - what more can you ask for?
4	I came in here due to the coupons in the student coupon books. I wasn't expecting much from a sandwich shop in a liquor store but was pleasantly surprised. The meat was good and the veggies were pretty fresh. The only knock i would have is that it the girl, who was really friendly and got all toppings just right, making it takes awhile to get through it and I was the only one there. I am sure I will be back as I think it was better than going to subway or port-o-subs close to campus.
4	Thought I'd write a quick review since I don't see anything recent for this place...Though this is a little hard to find, it's definitely worth looking for.  Hangover Hoagies is located inside the liquor store, just to the left as you walk in.I rolled in a little before they opened up, but the sandwich artist behind the counter gave me a reassuring smile and promised to help me shortly.  Sure enough, it was only about 2 minutes (still before the official 'open' time) and she was already helping me decide on what i wanted.When I saw the prices, i decided I'd go for a full sandwich.  I should have caught the little knowing smile she threw me as I confirmed I wanted a full sandwich and was planning on eating it there.When she set the tray up, I humbly asked right then for a to-go container as I knew there was no way I was going to finish this monster.Meats, toppings, veggies were all tasty, fresh and abundant and the bread was fantastic.  Crusty on the outside but light and delicious inside.The seating is limited (biggest table may seat 3, if everyone is skinny) but if the weather is decent, you can sit on your tailgate/hatch and people watch (Yay for ASU in the spring/summer when it's just a little bit warm and the views are fantastic).Definitely going to be a regular for me from now on.Enjoy
4	What crap! Not open on sundays? How can you call yourself "hangover" anything and be closed on a Sunday!Other than that nonsence... this place is soo good. The pesto bomb sandwich is so delish! They are huge sandwiches and not expensive at all. I pick up food from here atleast once a week for everyone at work.
5	Hangover Hoagies has THE BEST SUBS hands down.  Not even a comparison to Jimmy Johns, Subway or Silver Mine.  The meat is amazing and the bread, I just can't get enough.  I always get my subs toasted and no matter what, they are simply amazing.  Their footlong hoagie is enough for 2+ meals!  Love this place!
5	Honestly best sandwhich in the Tempe Asu area. I like to consider myself a sandwich connosiour of sorts. Im the type of person that likes to make their own because i like to load mine up at home with lots of goodies. Ive had sandwiches all over including jimmy johns but can honestly and genuinely say that the best come from hangover hoagies. The amount of effort and ingredients involved is really a labor of love. When you make your own sandwich you want to put the best ingredients and make it the best way you can right? This is how all sandwiches are prepared at hangovers. I personally know the managers and know that they use only the best quality ingredients possible at personal cost many times. They really wish to provide the best sandwich possible. Would you rather some jack hole at jimmy johns prepare your sandwich haphazardly, messily without regards to your sandwich? Or would you rather someone prepare your sandwich as if you would have done but with the best selection of ingredients and with the highest caliber of quality. For the most underated  best sandwich place ever, you have to go check it out inside Sun Stop liquor and ask Alan to make you my personal favorite, Veggie sandwich.
5	I love hole in the wall places like this one.  This is one of the best sub spots in the city, if not, the best spot in the city.You'll find it in NE corner of Apache & Terrace, in a liquor store of all places.  There is no sign outside for Hangover Hoagies but right when you walk into the liquor store you will see it directly to your left.This was a nice Entertainment book find for me.  The food here is awesome!  They use great ingredients here so I think any sub you choose will be great..  The portions are huge.  Their large is 3 meals for me.  They don't have much table to eat in and unless you enjoy the ambiance of the light glistening off the bottles of alcohol.  I recommend doing take out.The only grip I have about this place was I went there several times before their post closed times and they were closed.  The owner was real cool though cause he hooked my bf and I up with some free subs for the inconvenience so there is no real gripes I have about this place :)I only hope to find a place like this in San Diego.  Or else I may just have to go back to AZ to get me a good sub.
4	This is the most unsuspecting sandwich joint I've ever been to!  It's literally as close to a hole in the wall as you can get - it's a sandwich shop inside of a strip mall liquor store!The sandwich I had was fresh with great fillings, and the portion size was ample, especially for the price.  The bread was great and hearty and held up well to the health bit of filling.  This beats the hell out of Subway (and most other sandwich shops for that matter).
5	Having lived in New Jersey in the past, I've always been intrigued by the small "Hoagies" sign above the liquor store it is in. Finally, I remembered it when trying to figure out what to do for dinner and was not in the least disappointed.I was pleasantly surprised walking in that they went through the trouble to put a half wall in between the liquor and the 2 tables with 4 seats in total next to the sandwich counter. Seriously though, the area was clean and frankly, this is exactly what I like to see in a sub shop, just don't plan on having a place to eat there.They offer a good selection of classic hoagies with all the standard fillings. They also offer some nicer toppings such as fresh mozzarella and pesto which was nice to see. I ordered their Italian. It has capicola, ham, genoa salami, provolone, tomato, onions, mayo, and oil and vinegar. While not an east coast hoagie expert by an means, I've had enough to tell you that this is the real deal. The bread is that nice hearty bread with a substantial but still soft crust. The meats were quality and the mayo, oil, vinegar, and toppings blended to make that perfect classic hoagie taste.To add to it, the footlong was as substantial as you would hope for it to be and the prices while not super cheap were definitely good for what you get. I have a feeling I will be craving this place again soon.
4	Delicious bread and mayonnaise spread. I get the Faded Turkey sandwich almost every time! I've also experience really good service there. Really hits the spot!
5	Don't let the fact it's in a liquor store fool you, it's very good. I've had their hoagies a few times, I'm not at Tempe very often but if I ever need to go by ASU Tempe this place has great hoagies. There's always a sweet and cute girl behind the counter, like subway they make the sandwich in front of you while you watch behind a counter and glass separating the worker and customer areas. They have these huge menus on the top of the back wall so you can see everything they have, I think they have paper menus as well but I'm not sure. They made the hoagies just to your order and ask you if you want this or that so it can be really customer specific, they always ask if you'd like it toasted. There's a few tables but I don't think they'd seat more than like 5-6 people. Two or three times I've seen firefighters (with their truck parked outside) come in for lunch so you know it's at least hearty and good. Personally I'm a big fan of their bread and the Intoxicated Turkey is my favorite go to hoagie, the turkey and pastrami meat with the mayo and cheese all toasted is awesome, not healthy but so what. Oh and if you order the full hoagie, you'll probably want a to go paperbag cause one half is a decent meal for most. They also offer like a meal with soda and chips for like 7 bucks. Anytime I'm in that area I'll definitely think of coming here.
4	I was a little worried about eating from a sandwich shop in a liquor store but after reading the reviews I had to try it and I was in the area yesterday.  I'm so happy I did - this place was really freaking good!  They have your basic sandwiches so don't come in here looking for anything fancy, come in here looking for a good traditional sandwich.  What stands out the most is that the bread is really f***ing good!  It's almost like a pretzel bread texture but it doesn't taste like pretzel bread.  It's thick and hearty and a 6" sub filled me up.  I really need to find out where they get their bread from, it's that good!The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because of the girl working there.  She was honestly quite unpleasant and seemed very annoyed I was taking her away from her phone.  When she handed me my sandwich I caught her looking at her tip cup and rolled her eyes, assumingly because I didn't tip her.  Since she wasn't very pleasant I had no intention of tipping her.  I don't expect top notch customer service from a sandwich shop but a simple greeting and basic manners would have been nice and it would have earned her a tip.  Overall, I won't let the poor customer service prevent me from going back.  Maybe she was having a bad day, who knows.
1	I'm so sad to say they are no longer here.   Not sure if they moved or went out of business but their equipment is torn out.  :(
4	Pretty darn good sandwiches...way better than subway. $7.99 for 12" sub. Happy hour mon-fri (3-6pm)gets you $2.00 off.
