5	Getting a new air conditioner is a dreadful experience. Especially when the old one isn't being manufactured anymore and installing a new one requires a complete reconfiguration of the area housing it. What a big, fat and unbelievably expensive mess it all was!  Luckily for me, I was referred to Wade Walls from AZ Fire & Ice by my neighbor who went through the exact same situation I was going through.  Wade told me straight-up that it was going to be a big job and was going to cost a LOT of $$$. He was very clear in explaining everything that he needed to do, how much it would all cost and how long it would take to complete it. He did the job entirely by himself, although it took him almost all day to complete it. And through it all, he was always very kind, contentious and professional. With so many a/c installers in Phoenix, who might have seen a young, single woman living alone as an easy target, Wade made me feel confident I was getting the best deal I could for such a complicated job. I highly recommend his company for any of your a/c or heating needs.
1	Rudest people I have ever encountered.  Husband and wife owned business and when I called for service the wife was unbelievably and unnecessarily rude and demanding.  Don't waste your time calling.
1	Wade came out to fix my broken AC after my home warranty company sent him a work order. He looked at my unit and reported to my home warranty company that he ran my serial number and that my unit was part of a factory recall. The home warranty company refused to fix it and also said they would not cover the unit because of the recall.  I called the factory rep myself and asked them to check the serial number. My AC was never recalled.  I called Wade with this information and he maintained that it was defective. He still insisted that he had checked the serial number. It took me four days to appeal his report and get my unit fixed, all during record heat.  Don't trust this guy.
5	I placed a claim under our home warranty and AZ Fire and Ice was dispatched to see why our heater wasn't blowing out hot air.  I submitted the claim on a Friday and that same day someone from the company called me to set up an appointment and had an availability that next day (Saturday) which was great.  Wade showed up right around 1pm (beginning of the 3 hr window) and took less than 15 mins to diagnose and fix the problem...the thermostat was set up incorrectly.  Whoops!  I'm glad we had a great first experience with our home warranty company and Wade was professional and nice. Thanks!
1	I utilized Wade & his company a couple of years ago to have repairs done. Capacitor as well as a motor replaced. "Never Again"!!! The capacitor was never secured ...laid up against the empty box it came in. I had a Rosie on the House certified technician come out to do a tune up in April of this year and disclosed this to me. Not only did he share this with me but also informed me of a exposed wire.  No. Thanks
