5	I simply cannot say enough good things about Angie Kelly and Peachy Keen Unions! THE standard in quality, value and professionalism! From the day we met Angie Kelly, she went above and beyond her duty. She paid attention and showed true interest in our relationship, in our story, and in our understanding of a meaningful wedding ceremony. She gave us suggestions and referrals and helped us to create a truly unique ceremony experience. If we could get married to each other every year, Angie Kelly would be our officiant every time! Thank you, Thank you, Thank you Angie!
5	5 stars isn't enough! I found Angie on the internet. I relied on the reviews and left the rest up to fate. Let me just say, "amazing!" Angie was professional, prompt, personable, and treated my husband and I as we were the first and only couple to marry.  We were married at Calico Basin and our photographer asked us if we'd be willing to take a bit of hike to the ceremony location. Angie was completely on board and hiked the dusty, rocky .5 mile - no complaints, in a suit, and with a smile! She filed our paperwork with the county and kept us posted along the way. As far as of officiating my ceremony - her words were so meaningful, loving, special, and memorable! She really speaks from the heart!  I recommend Angie without hesitation. She is fabulous!
5	Angie performed by daughter's ceremony and customized it to create the couple's dream ceremony.  She incorporated multiple family members and a hand fasting ceremony.  It was absolutely amazing.  We had a few small surprises for the couple in the ceremony and Angie worked directly with me to make them happen in addition to crafting the majority of the ceremony with my daughter.  I cannot even begin to express how beautiful the ceremony was.  There is no doubt in my mind that we will work with Angie again for the ceremony of my 2nd daughter... someday in the future.
5	We found Angie through our wedding planner.  She did a great job.  After booking her, Angie set up a skype meeting and talked to us for an hour to get a sense of us as a couple and our story.  She then had us complete a questionnaire to get specific stories and information to include in the ceremony.  Angie drafted a beautiful ceremony and let us read her script before she performed it to make sure that we were okay with everything.  Our guests loved the presentation Angie gave and raved about her all night.  Her ceremony was engaging, warm, funny, profound and special.  I highly recommend Angie to anyone.
5	Angie was a delight to get in touch with. She responded immediately to our email inquiring about her services. We were able to go over her services and her pricing, including exactly what we wanted during the ceremony through a couple of emails back and forth. She sent over a copy of the contract right away. It was convenient to pay her through paypal and get everything out of the way before the wedding. As soon as she arrived at the ceremony, I knew she was the perfect pick. She was very well put together and very professional in how she handled all the paperwork. My husband and I did not want to see each other until the ceremony so she hustled back and forth to get everything squared away with no complaint at all. She explained everything in detail as far as what she was responsible for and what we were responsible for. She put together a lovely speech for our ceremony and directed us throughout the whole thing without a glitch. Although we would have been delighted to have her stay after the ceremony, she was very professional about just completing her services and getting on her way. A week later, she sent an email over letting me know my marriage certificate was processed and ready to order. She definitely kept up with everything for us. We would recommend her to anyone looking for an officiant here in Las Vegas, or really anywhere else! Thanks Angie for such an easy and awesome experience!
5	I found Angie totally by mistake. Google search from here to there to here and back again........I can't say enough lovely things about her. She was super professional through all the emails leading up to our ceremony and even 9 months pregnant and in the most ridiculous windy weather did an amazing job with our elopement ceremony. I would recommend her to everyone and anyone I know. Thanks Angie!!
5	Angie work is inspiring and she truly has a gift with words. Her passion for her work shows, especially when she is in her element. She came highly recommended by many, online and offline, and rightfully so. Angie exceeded our expectations upon our first meeting and continued to throughout the process. Her sharp attire and polished shoes is a clear testament to how much she respects and understands how important your day is. Angie was always on time, flexible, responsive, and fulfilled each and every requirement. She is very personable, intuitive and extremely articulate. Her radiant personality is contagious, especially when she is officiating. Angie was attentive and made sure 'our' story was told in such a way that each of our guests could relate. She also offered suggestions to personalize our ceremony such as the 'ring warming', which we all adored. Despite her busy schedule and being days from her expected labor due date, Angie still prioritized our wedding. She stayed late when the ceremony was running behind and we were fortunate enough to sneak in a few photos with her. Simply put, Angie is the officiant who goes to great lengths to ensure your ceremony is what you wanted, and more. I highly recommend Angie a million times over to anyone who is looking for an exquisitely tasteful ceremony. Having Angie as our officiant was a blessing and one of the best decisions we made, by far.Congrats on your little one and we wish you all the best in your future endeavors!!
5	Angie just preformed our ceremony on November 15, 2014 at Hard Rock Hotel inside Body English Nightclub.  We hired Preferred Events to run the show the day of our wedding, and we also consulted with them on a couple of vendor suggestions.  Having a relaxed, fun, unique, and non-traditional ceremony was very important to us, so Preferred Events immediately suggested Angie Kelly of Peachy Keen Reunions.  Angie's website offered so much information about her and her services and even offered video/YouTube and photos of her.  Once we decided to go with Angie we spent a few phone calls, emails, and Skype's with her getting to know us and our story/history.  We are not local to Las Vegas (Anaheim, CA) but she made the process really easy for us.  Angie really got to know us, she asked all the right questions, and she made it fun and exciting.  After corresponding with Angie a few times, she put our story into her words and the result was AMAZING... so very sweet , sentimental, and even humorous!  Angie sent us a rough draft of our ceremony which included a very detailed outline (invocation, history, intent, ritual outline, personal words, vows, group commitment-if you decide).  It was a perfect outline, intently worded, and so US!  We paid a small fee (well worth it) to have Angie attend our rehearsal.  Since she is the focal point of the ceremony, it is a MUST to have her attend your rehearsal.  She is professional, courteous, and even kept our bridal party in line when rehearsal got a little crazy.  Our guests loved our ceremony and commented how they had never experienced anything like it.  Angie was able to convey our story to our audience in a way that made them feel like they were part of what was happening to us.  Guests (and us) were laughing and crying the whole way thru.  We could not have been matched with a more perfect officiant!
5	Angie was AMAZING! She tailored our ceremony into exactly what we wanted. It was thoughtful, funny, and really heartfelt. It really gave our guests a glimpse into our relationship - it in no way felt like a generic ceremony made for just any couple - it was all about us. We heard from so many of our guests that they just loved our ceremony and how Angie delivered it. We are shy people and didn't want to write our own vows, or even do the repeat after me vows in case we stumbled over our words. Angie had no problem with creating a ceremony where all we had to say was Yes and I do, but still make it really personal and intimate. Our ceremony was slightly more expensive than her normal fee because she had to charge a travel fee - our wedding was an hour and half away from Las Vegas, but we have no regrets about choosing Angie. When everything else about our wedding was spinning out of control Angie had it all together. She showed up and instantly took charge and organized everyone. We would highly recommend Peachy Keen Unions to anyone looking to tie the knot near Las Vegas!
5	Angie is the real deal! Our ceremony was perfect and all of our friends and family couldn't stop talking about how special it was, and how much they loved Angie!! She is super sweet and professional! Couldn't recommend more!
