3	Just returned home from having dinner here w/ Mom tonight.  I've wanted to try Ocean Trail ever since I heard about a new sushi place opening up at Talking Stick Resort six weeks ago.  The resort opened on Tax Day, April 15th, and Ocean Trail was supposed to open a couple of days after, but its first day was actually Thursday, the 22nd.  The sushi menu was discarded and was replaced by a Creole/Cajun- style seafood.  Specialties include pan-roasts w/ a lobster-based broth finished w/ tomato cream and gumbos, roux-based stew containing andouille sausage and chicken.  You may choose to add chicken, shrimp, crawfish, crabmeat, or oyster, or a combination of whatever strikes your fancy!  (Prices start at around $15.)  The elegant, pearlized one-page menu lists a few starters, such as oysters-on-the-half-shell ($9 1/2 dozen and less than $18 for a full order) and lump crab cocktail ($14.75), and P.E.I. mussels w/ a garlic-wine broth, salads (half- and full orders) and chowders (a New England clam chowder, which I sampled and found delicious, and a corn chowder that looked amazingly creamy and decadent!), the said pan-roasts and gumbos, plus $5 (approx.) sides of red beans, red beans and rice, rice, and steamed collard greens.  Croutons aren't housemade, nor is the wonderfully-balanced caesar salad dressing, but the desserts (no set menu thus far- this week's selections are chocolate cake, berries and cream anglaise, and a key lime tart- so you'll have to check in weekly to see what the pastry chef, who used to create pastries for Casino Arizona's McKellips location, creates.  (If you've ever tried the delightful desserts served at the Eagles Buffet, then you know what she's capable of.)For dinner, we had the crab cocktail, a small order of caesar salad, and berries and creme anglaise for dessert.  The salad was perfectly dressed w/ a nice amount of parmesan tossed in, the romaine lettuce was crisp, and the croutons crunchy and light, and there weren't a gazillion of them, either.  (I feel so cheated when a salad has too many croutons.  I say, light on the bread and give me more veggies!)  The crab cocktail was also very nice, but I'd have preferred a bit more lump crab and less of the homemade remoulade (mayonaisse-based w/ capers, celery, onion, black pepper, dijon mustard, and Old Bay seasoning, among other seasonings).  The martini glass it came in must have contained 2/3 remoulade and a 1/3 of the actual crab.  While I wouldn't agree w/ Mom that we could get this and the salad at any Red Lobster, I did see how paying $15 for this item was a bit too steep.  (I had noticed that the menu at the Blue Coyote Cafe, located on a lower level, also offered a lump crab cocktail for $12.25, but upon inquiry was told that the host imagined the one served above would be "more flavorful."  I'd like to find out if there is a difference.  I'll keep you posted.)  We were also served a big "cone" of table bread and a side of butter.  Just a plain white bread roll, sliced and warmed, but it paired well w/ the crab cocktail and salad.  Thank goodness for the berries and cream.  It was the only item we ordered that Mom didn't shake her head at (she thought the menu was overpriced).  This ambrosial dessert consisted of strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries sitting on a well of creme anglaise (a rather shallow well, I thought), and topped w/ homemade whipped cream and a very pleasing rolled cookie.  I inquired about the other two desserts, and we really fell for the description of the chocolate cake-- a slice of four-layer cake w/ a chocolate ganache filling.  Mom isn't opposed to coming back to try the cake :)Loved the blue-tiled walls, marbled round counter, and light fixture above the bar, but have to agree w/ Mom that seeing the serving bowls, open pots and double-boilers, and metal food containers did take away from the gourmet dining experience.  Having to choose to sit at the "back" of the round counter, away from the casino floor, and the excited slot machine player, also lessened the enjoyment of the cool atmosphere that Ocean Trail offers.  However, chatting w/ the chefs and bartenders does add to the fun experience, if you just keep an open mind to enjoying your stay here.
5	Ocean Trail is an amazing place to dine out. Everything from the lighting to the food are spectacular!  Please don't get this confused with a sushi resturatunt because it is not a sushi place (nor was it ever supose to be, according to the server, I just think the name throws people off)Anyway I highly suggest people come and give this place a try!
5	I've been to Ocean Trail 3-4 times and think I have a good feel for the place.  I am also a seafood and cajun food fanatic. Disclaimer: It must first be said that this restaurant is essentially a nice bar at the edge of the main casino floor--it is not a sit-down, fine dining type of place. Though the design is interesting, the atmosphere is good it won't blow you away, and you should avoid sitting nearer to the casino as the occasional smoking gambler passes by and crop dusts your food with their cancer stick. Unappetizing to say the least. Try to get as far away from the casino floor as possible. OK, now that the disclaimer is done: the food is really, really good, and surprisingly affordable for the quality and quantity that you get.  The specialties are a few types of cajun dishes: gumbo, pan roast, and seafood creole, with your choice of meat (shrimp, crab, oyster, crawfish, chicken)  or a combination of all meats. I've tried each preparation style and they are delicious. Very fresh ingredients prepared right in front of your eyes. The staff will ask you how spicy you want it on a scale of 1 to 10, so you can adjust the heat to your preference.  The other dishes and soups are equally tasty.  They also offer fresh oysters on the half shell, shrimp and crab cocktails, and a shellfish platter of oysters, jumbo shrimp, clams, mussels, and a ton of lump crab meat for only $25.  The seafood cocktails come with the spicient horseradish you've ever had, which is great for those of us who enjoy burn in our sinuses. They also have a full bar with specialty cocktails like oyster-based bloody marys and oyster/vodka shooters. I wouldn't recommend the oyster shooter, though..too much of a good thing. The service is friendly and efficient, and also quite knowledgeable about the food and its preparation.  You get the feeling that the people who work there genuinely want you to enjoy your experience, which is unfortunately rare. All of this for very reasonable prices...getting fresh shrimp, oysters, etc. anywhere in the valley is usually an expensive proposition, but here $15-$17 gets you generous portions of very good food, and $25 gets you more shellfish than two people can finish.  If I had one complaint, it would be that the shellfish platter is not served with a white wine/butter/parsley accompaniment or even just drawn butter for the mussels. The shrimp and crab are the stars of the show, and the clams and oysters are fresh and tasty, but mussels do not have the same distinctive flavor as the other shellfish; they are a bit bland. It needs some sort of complimentary sauce.  In any event, if that's my biggest complaint after 3-4 visits, then they're doing a good job.  Worth a visit, even if you're not trying your luck at the casino.
4	What a pleasant find.  It's in a corner of the casino, still within view of the floor.  Most of the seating is at an upscale bar where you see the chef preparing your food.  I never would have gone here if I wasn't going to be at the casino for another event, but I'm glad I did.I ordered the mixed seafood boil, and it was outstanding ($18, and surprisingly, worth every penny).  Just a ton of seafood in a rich sauce that I had to clean up with a ton of their excellent bread.  They ask you to order on a 1-10 scale.  My mother likes a little spice but tried the 3 and said it was almost too hot.  I order a medium to medium hot in a Thai restaurant, and got a 6, and I was sweating and it was at the edge of my comfort zone.  So be forwarned... it's spicy.  My father, however, ordered a 9, and said it was spicy but not as spicy as he wants.  He orders Thai hot usually.  I shared an order of the clams, which were tasty but perhaps a bit expensive at nearly $15.  I saw numerous shrimp cocktails, which looked gigantic and tasty, but didn't see the price or try it.  If not too unreasonable, it looked like 5 gigantic prawns, so a substantial appetizer.Anyway, I'll be back.  Which is surprising, because I usually hate to step foot in a casino.  But it's just an outstanding, unusual meal.  Give it a try if you love seafood and creole cooking.
4	3/19/11Had to wait about 30 minutes as it was first come, first served.  Had expected to sit at the counter since there were just the two of us, but our server Jaime actually asked us if we'd prefer sitting at the next available table, which was a four-top, when there was space at the counter to seat two!  Why, of course!  And I thought since we were taking up more space than we needed, I invited a guest we'd been chatting w/ at the line to come join us!  The more, the merrier, right?  We had a great time conversing w/ our new friend (I actually was already acquainted w/ the guest, but  she made for a fun new dinner companion for my friend, too), as she had the 5-shrimp cocktail ($13.95, and the shrimp were almost the size of prawns!) and wine, while the two of us had small bowls of NE clam chowder ($5 each) and bread w/ glasses of wine.  (Pinot grigio and cab for $5.50 each?  Oh yeah!)  Next time, I'm getting a large bowl ($8) of that chowder... so tasty!Great tip:  You can order your drinks here and take them up to Degree 270 (or anywhere, except out of the casino, for that matter!  Hmm... I wonder if you can take them up to your room??) and chill out up there!
4	I was brainstorming while navigating to the Yelp page for Ocean Trail but as soon as I scanned C G.'s review I stopped since it says exactly everything I was going to say.  I never would have found out about Ocean Trail had it not been for a friend's suggestion.  I'm not a huge fan of Cajun food but this place has amazing Creole.  I ordered a 10 hot and was pleasantly surprised that they actually made it spicy.  I think some places hold back punches when they see a blonde haired white boy order something spicy, but not here.It is located near the casino floor so that makes for a weird experience if you are just going to eat.  And the beer selection is limited, but the oyster shooters compensate.  Speaking of oysters, you can get 1/2 dozen for $9 which seems like a good deal.  I think the gamblers subsidize the difference with their losses.  I've also heard that the chefs are from the east coast and have some notable seafood certifications (not sure what they are but I can certify they make some mean cajun food chock full of sea critters).
4	Wow! I stopped by Talking Stick Casino to play a little blackjack, when I decided to give this a whirl! I ordered the seafood gumbo and the chef asked me, "1 to 10, how spicy do you like it?" I'm normally not a wimp, so I replied, "10 of course!" Boy was that a mistake! It was so hot that I couldn't eat it and I had to send it back!  Hot food doesn't bother me, but I couldn't take it! Once I brought the heat index number to 6, the gumbo was very good! I can't give the place 5 stars because I make the best gumbo! I've spent a lot of time in N'Awlins so I know good gumbo!
4	I was driving home from work and decided I wanted something different for dinner! I've only had the gumbo here and it's very good! I can't day excellent because anyone that knows me knows I make the best gumbo, outside of my mom, Sylvia Sr.. Anyway, the gumbo is jammed packed shrimp, scallops, andioulle sausage, crab, okra and bursting with flavor. They ask you if you like it hot on a scale from 1 to 10. DON'T SAY 10!  I like spicy food and I'm no wimp, but I can't eat it that hot. If you like heat, go for a 7! Trust me! That's plenty hot!They also have other cajun favorites like red beans and rice, seafood creole and a seafood boil!The service is great! It's not a sit down place but more like a bar that serves good food! The mix up the food right in front of you.
5	This is by far the best bang for your buck without sacrificing quality in this Valley when it comes to Oysters and Chowder.I have eaten at the place on at least 5 seperate occasions. It reminds me of a scaled down version of the wonderful Oyster bars that you might find at some of the Las Vegas Casino's, with the addition of some other tasty seafood boils, and cajun concoctions.First off, the Oysters on the Half Shell are reasonably priced, as fresh as I have had here in the Valley, and everytime that I have ordered them, they have been consistently fresh. I'm not sure that type of Oysters they serve off the top of my head, but they are great!As for the Clam and Corn Chowder, they are both amazing for the Valley of the Sun! The clam chowder has a great consistency, and does not have that taste of fishy, canned clams. The flavors of the other ingredients are apparent, and the clams are just a nice tender, mild piece of meat that makes a nice filler for the soup. The Oyster crackers that they garnish the chowder with are actually seasoned, and are very tasty.The Shrimp boil is another favorite dish. They boil the shrimp in a Citrus, Lobster Stock and finish it with a Tomato Cream sauce. They serve most dishes with crusty sliced bread so you can soak up and enjoy the juices of the dishes.The only thing that I am not a huge fan of, was the crab salad slider. I'm not going to knock the rating down, as everyone else loved them, and the presentation was great. I think that it just wasn't what I was looking to have at the time.When you visit, you will most likely have the pleasure of a very nice woman of asian descent cooking your food directly over the bar in front of you. She goes by the name of Tip, which looks as if it's the first three letters of her extremely long first name on her name tag. You will quickly notice that she puts a large amount of love into her food preparation. Chat with her, she is a sweetheart, and deserves compliments on her work. Tip her out on the side if you care to, as the tips are only pooled by the servers at this restaurant. The manager, Frank deserves a couple of bucks for seating you and taking your order, but in my opinion the one who prepares the meal should get the majority of the reward for the culinary experience that they provide, but that's just my opinion. :)  Frank is an East Coast guy with a stratight face and $500 haircut, but trust me, he does have a sense of humor, give him a hard time..lolOne last thing, and I will cut this short. The specials that they served on Easter and Fathers Day, consisted of a one and a half pound lobster with claws, caesar salad, and red velvet cake for around $30.If you decide to order the Collard Greens, make sure that Tip is working because she prepares them proper, with bits of swine for flavor, as well as a bit of vinegar. It may not sound so great to the untrained tongue, so I suggest you give them a shot and teach your tongue a lesson.Cheers! :)
5	If you are looking for some good gumbo and great conversion, then this is the place for you!  The gumbo is fabulous and they make it right on front of you!! The service can be s bit slow, but it's worth the wait!!
5	This place has a long wait on weekends, you also have to stand in line, but is well worth it !  Great Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail ! Seafood Creole, very spicy, is to die for !  Very YUMMY !
5	Tried the Caesar Salad was so very GOOD !  I posted a photo of the long line, and the JUMBO shrimp !
5	Omg!! Let me tell you about the greens at this place!! They are off the chain!! There Gumbo is awesome!! I just love this place!!!
4	Ocean Trail is a great find. I had a huge, tasty shrimp cocktail and the BF had oysters and loved them. Service is quick and friendly and if you're waiting in line they invite you to get a drink at the bar. Prices are very reasonable, too.
5	I had recently gone here for my boyfriend and my 3 year anniversary. Not exactly romantic with the casino players in the back ground but the food is definitely worth the price and time spent.  The bread is out of this world and so is the gumbo. I cannot wait to try other things on the menu when i decide to go out with friends just for ocean trails. They do not stay open very late weekdays (9pm) but hopefully they stay open later weekends.  Since we only ordered gumbo they give you the option of how spicy you would like it 1-10 5 being moderately spicy(in my opinion it has awesome flavor a little kick not too much heat)(But if you cant do spicy this might be a tad too spicy a 3-4 would be moderate for you but i can do spicier)  I have never tried raw oysters but am willing to try next time and their are definitely cooked oysters in the gumbo along with shrimp and okra from what i remember along with a lot of other things as well along with some amazing dirty rice to mix in with it. So Good!!
5	Ah-may-zing.  Oysters? Check.  Bloody marys? Check.  Spiciest shrimp boil ever? Check!!! Depending on the chef, a shrimp boil ordered at level 10/10 on the heat scale truly delivers. I'm a huge chile head; very few dishes deliver that spice I crave. But when I found myself sweating, nose running and mouth ablaze, I knew I was in heaven. The chef told us they use cayenne, habanero and ghost peppers to achieve the level 10. It was nirvana. On top of being spicy, it is actually very flavorful.  Two thumbs up.
5	Simple but really great cajun food prepared in steamers right in front of you.  Selections include gumbo, pan roasts (a tomato-based broth with chunks of seafood), or seafood creole all with your choice of shrimp, crab, chicken, crawfish, oysters, or all five, with rice. They also have fresh oysters, jumbo shrimp cocktails, salads, and tasty seafood chowder, as well as the occasional lobster special. I've been probably 20 times and still never had a bad dish. The staff is friendly and helpful, and will adjust the spiciness of the dishes to your taste. By far the best option at the Talking Stick resort.As another reviewer noted, this restaurant is really just a bar with a couple of tables, stuck right off the casino floor. This is definitely not a fine dining spot, with the clanging of slot machines and dead-eyed gamblers shuffling around fifteen feet away. Still, it's definitely worth a visit to Talking Stick. At $10-12 for lunch portions and $17-19 for huge dinner servings, and $25 for a massive platter of oysters, shrimp, crab, mussels, and clams, it's a fantastic value for the quality and tastiness of the food.  Good, reasonably priced seafood can be hard to come by in the valley, but this spot is a gem.
5	I love this place.  It's a small restaurant inside Talking Stick Casino.  Sit at the bar if you want the full experience.  Watch them fix your Cajun meal right in front of you in the steam pots.  I've been to New Orleans several times and this food stand up with meals I've had along Bourbon St.  The portions are large and flavorful.  They tend to run spicy ... You set the level on a scale of 1-10 when you order.  5 is as much as I can handle.  It's fun to watch if someone orders a 10 while you're there.  Everything I've had there is good including raw oysters, steamed shrimp, gumbo, and jambalaya.  Only thing that could have been better was the collard greens.  The bacon in them made them too salty.
5	We love love love Cajun style seafood. Not too many Cajun places around in Phoenix. The food was simple, yet delicious. We had the shrimp boil and the seafood creole. I ordered mine 10/10 spiciness and it was perfect. It's so awesome to finally find a restaurant that will make food very spicy when you ask them to. The chef was pleasant and very educational. He even shared some recipes with us. Not too much seating though, since it's in the corner of the casino. What a great find! Definitely going back.
5	I would never have expected to write a recommendation for a restaurant at a casino.  The fact that I am tells you all you need to know about Ocean Trail.  It is more of a walk-up eating area than a restaurant; but, don't let that stop you.  This place has the best seafood gumbo this side of New Orleans.  I love it.  I go there at least once a quarter and make excuses to justify going there because I am not a gambler.  There are other really great items on the menu, i.e., the lump crab cocktail and the cajun style shrimp boil, too.  The star attraction is the combo LOUISIANA GUMBO  You can dial in your heat between a 1 (low) and 10( hot).  And order over dirty rice or white rice.  I go with a 7 and dirty rice and with a little fresh warm bread, I am dipping, slurping, and well fed patron. Give it a try.  Afterwards, saunter over to the Shadows Lounge for a post meal cocktail and cigar.  A great evening!!
5	Good food great service, Tip is the best cook
5	man love the food here ..everything here is excellent always get pan roast or gumbo tried something different this time went with creole superb usually get a level 7 on spicey... this time Tip hooked me up with a 9 ...took sometime to get it down but was simply sensational... love couple places in town this is definite top three places and dishes for me in valley.
5	I went on a Wednesday night  and was able to sit up at the bar area.  I have to concur..all the employees there are super friendly.  The food...wow.  I tried some of the combo gumbo and the combo pan roast.  Both were spice level 8 of 10.  They were perfect.  Full of meat and super tasty.  I'm definitely going back to try the mussels and the clam chowder.  Oh...the chocolate bomb cake was great too.  Can't wait to go back.  I hear on the weekends, there's sometimes a line of over an hour.
5	This was one place that I was not surprised to check it out on yelp to see everyone has given it 5 stars! The food is fantastic and the fact that you can pick between 1 and 10 to your specification to its spiciness is also fantastic!! Its all good so I have no specific food to point out!!!
5	Cajun shrimp bowl was awesome-food is cooked in front of you and is very fresh.
5	Everything is great.  A 5 is not hot!! Chef Tipp is the best!
5	This place is RIDIC.  I crave the shrimp boil here like nothing else I have ever craved.  The most amazing flavor. Go hungry because it's a lot of food & you will want to eat every last bite, lick the bowl clean even, it's so good.If you've never had a seafood boil, it's basically a delicious stew with all sorts of delicious spicy goodness.OMGawd I want some right now... Seriously, if you love seafood, this is a MUST try.  If you don't love seafood, get over your non-seafood-loving ways and just go.
5	This is a little kiosk of a restaurant/dining area inside the hotel/casino.  I highly recommend you try it.  The seafood was GREAT and fresh.  I had the shrimp cocktail appetizer and then the shrimp boil.  Very good!  I came back the next night and had one of their specialties and it was excellent as well.  I wholeheartedly recommend that you try it.   Especially if you like shrimp, oysters and such.I agree, this is a hidden gem and it won't be the last time I go there.
3	First off, the ambience is the casino. Not good.  I knew it was in the casino, but I didn't realize until I saw it that it's practically on the floor with the noisy slots and smokers.  They really should put up some sort of glass partition and circulate fresher air for the patrons.  As it stands, loud, drunk, smoking people in the casino can walk right by your table (within inches) and not be in the restaurant.  Cigarette smoke is not helpful when trying to enjoy a meal.  I have to deduct a star for this.  The buffet is isolated from the casino, they should do something for this spot too.  It's really unfortunate.The service was friendly and helpful.  A bit inattentive, perhaps, but they were always moving.  Very busy.  So it wasn't neglect.Now for the food.  We started with the corn seafood chowder.  They warn you that it has a variety of seafood in it (squid, octopus, etc).  Not just clams or shrimps.  But don't let that bother you.  No one flavor stands out, and the seafood is chopped up small enough that you aren't going to get a mouthful of any one thing.  It was really quite tasty, though perhaps just a bit salty.Then came the shrimp boil.  Basically shrimp boiled in a spicy sauce/broth.  It also was pretty good.  I don't know that I would rave about it as other reviewers have, but I had no problem with it either.Lastly, the seafood creole.  I got it with the dirty rice.  The dirty rice is very good, but the amount was pretty small for the dish.  I would have doubled it if I were the chef.  The seafood dish itself was actually very similar to the shrimp boil, except there was other stuff besides just shrimp.  It also had scallops, clams, and some other things I wasn't sure about.  It was very good, but didn't really distinguish itself from the shrimp boil much.  The sauce was a bit thicker, but in terms of flavor very similar.All in all a pretty good meal.  I think I like Pappadeaux's better, but still pretty good.  I'd give them four stars if it wasn't for the noise and smoke.  One nice feature was specifying your spice level on a 1-10 scale.  I liked that.  Another thing to be aware of is this place ain't cheap.
5	Best best best
5	Love this place. Huge portions, amazing food! I always get the seafood creole and red beans and rice. I have tried other dishes that are pretty good but the creole is just SO good! They let you choose your level of heat 1-10 but, beware the 5 is pretty dang hot anything higher makes the dishes difficult to eat. The seafood all tastes fresh and  the food is so worth the drive & less than romantic ambiance, They need more seats!
5	Who would have thought Cajun food in a Casino. I thought Baby Kay's was great, but hands down this is by far my favorite place. The place was crowded with convention and spring training visitors. We had to wait about 30 minutes which is well worth the wait. The way the food is cooked, using steam, keeps your entree hot till the very end. The flavors are very consistent and the amount of seafood used is generous. Our friends had the Oysters on the half shell and is the best I've had in a long time. I had the Pan Roast with crab meat and dirty rice. My wife had the Crawfish Etouffee combo with Dirty rice. On a scale of 1 - 10 for hotness we had a 6 which turned out to be a little too hot for us. Our entrees were great.Kudos to the Asian lady chef who prepared our meals. Great job!!
5	Well worth the wait! Food are awesome and can't wait to go back there again! Best Cajun food, surprisingly!!   The Chef Thipp is outstanding!  Hands down!!
5	This place is always amazing.  Talk about consistency.  I eat here at least once a month ever since they opened.  I also drive over 40 minutes just to have lunch or dinner here and it is well worth the drive.  The seafood is always fresh and the staff is so nice.  We brought friends with us last night and they loved it.  Everything except the caesar and soup is fantastic.  The portions are huge so keep that in mind.  If you want seafood in the valley you cant beat this place.  Try the shrimp or the steamed clams for an appetizer and split the pan roast combo for dinner.
5	This is an updated review.  I ate here over the weekend, again and it was as good as the first time.  I was in Scottsdale for business and visited this restaurant inside the Talking Stick Hotel and Casino.  Boy is this place great.  Every entree looks fabulous, but I chose the pan roast combo - delicious!  I wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant.
5	Hands down to Chef Thipp once again!!!!!  Fresh seafood with the right touch from the chef.......so delicious!!!  Still hold true..this is the Best Cajun food!  Thank you for making my night a happier night!  ;)  I cannot wait to go back there again and again!!
5	Best Cajun food in the valley. Happy hour between 3 and 7. Hidden inside the casino but worth the search
5	best cajun food in az. if u love hot!!! food. then ask for tip's spicy 10
5	I absolutely loved the crawfish etouffee with shrimp.  The flavors and freshness out of sight!!!  Thank goodness I ordered the lunch portion.... More than enough for $10.00.Will be returning for more!!!
5	This place was awesome! Great food and friendly service. I think this place is even better than Oyster Bar in Vegas. Fresh oysters were super fresh and their pan roast was sooo good! We'll be back very soon.
3	The Ocean Trail experience started off a little rocky. The restaurant is in the casino and is not sheltered from all the smoke that comes with a casino floor. That was a huge letdown. When eating you would hope that someone is not blowing a huge cloud of smoke in your face. We ordered the clams and the shrimp boil. The shrimp was pretty solid and spiced to our level of tolerance. The clams were MEH. The waiter after serving us our dish confirmed that the clams were awful.  This really pissed me off. First off, this restaurant was chosen in 2012 for best seafood of the year, and the waiter can't recommend something that dosent suck!?! So, I was ready to leave that place still hungry. My wife however, dosen't leave places hungry, and was ready to try another dish. We decided to split the Seafood Creole. Now, the Creole was unbelievable. My wife and I travel to Nola often and you would be hard pressed to find a better dish. The scallops were perfectly cooked. The spice was a masterpiece and by the end of the dish we were licking the plate. If I were to go to this restaurant again I would make sure to press the waiter for the best seafood at that time. Do not go in there a blindly order something because it sounds good. The resturant will sacrfice quality in order to fullfill the menu.
5	OH MY NOM. This place is AMAZING. We go to Talking Stick a lot but it wasn't until I read in the Best of Phoenix last year that this was voted "Best Seafood" that we even thought to check it out. I thought that was kind of funny/interesting/odd that the best seafood in Phoenix was in the casino and therefore was very intrigued. The combo gumbo is soooooooooooooo good. Sausage, shrimp, okra, chicken, crawfish, oysters, etc. Get it with dirty rice. One order of this is more than enough for two people to share and still have leftovers. BUT it's so good you may consider getting your own order. We like to order it pretty spicy but you can get it really mild too. Best thing to get to drink with it is a Drifter beer. YUM. Writing this review is making me want to go there right now. Also, do not go expecting some fancy pants atmosphere. You WILL be 10 feet away from gamblers...and slot machines...you are at a casino.
5	This place is off the hook! I have eaten here many times and have loved everything I have tried. Couple of things though: 1. If you come here, expect to wait in line. There are no reservations so come early if you don't want to wait or wait for a long time. 2. This place is not a true "restaurant style" space. It's literally a section off the casino floor that you might think looks good but don't want to wait in line. WAIT IN LINE. Trust me! The gumbo is why I come here. You can order it spice level 0-10 and trust me, it packs a punch!! Portions are huge and extremely satisfying! I love this food so much! To me, there is nothing like this in Arizona (or nothing I know of) and is definitely worth a try. Come here with friends or on a date, it's a great restaurant. Plus, you're already inside Talking Stick so enjoy the casino, music or dance clubs upstairs afterwards. Boom, there's your next fun night out already planned!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Ocean Trail. My only complaint is that we didn't discover it sooner! If you like spice and you like seafood, you cannot go wrong here. When you walk up to Ocean Trial the first time it is almost confusing and a little awkward as it is very small place and on the Casino floor directly behind everyone gambling. If you go on the weekends you will wait standing in a roped off line to the side, but it is worth the interesting atmosphere and the wait.If you are not sure what to get, I must say that the pan roast is hands down the best dish ever, but the crab cocktail and the shrimp boil are also amazing. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. That being said, we did not enjoy the muscles. However, this would be the only thing on the entire menu I wouldn't recommend.If you haven't been here before - try it! If you been here and weren't sure you fell in love - try the pan roast, and you will!
4	The wait is a little bit long if u have a larger 6+ group. But it is a small place. The food is worth waiting for, we've been back a few times & everything we had was good. The clam chowder.... Soo F'n good.
5	unbelievable seafood in the middle of the desert, what?? yes, it's true, the only bad thing is the long line
5	I love this place!! The gumbo is awesome and the greens are wonderful!! Great great place!!
5	Amazing seafood restaurant in a casino. Certainly not your typical casino fare. Very friendly staff who was more than willing to answer questions and make recommendations. The seafood steamed pot was so tasty, and reasonably priced. Will definitely be back when I am in Scottsdale.
5	If you are looking for a romantic dinner with ambiance, don't go to Ocean Trail.  BUT, if you're looking for one of the best seafood meals in the Valley, definitely plan on dining at Ocean Trail.  Everything is fantastic but the shrimp pan roast is absolutely the best!  I often eat at the restaurant but very frequently get a take out after a day of Blackjack.  The only negative is the small amount of seating....but, if you have to wait, it is definitely worth it.
5	Whenever we are in Scottsdale, (and that's at least 6x a yr because my mom lives there) we typically visit the Talking Stick Resort for a night out of gambling and some of the best cajun/creole food I've ever had...and I've been to NO several times!  I am going to watch Chef Thipp make her awesome shrimp boil next time so I can see what she puts in it.  I order the shrimp boil at a 5/6 spice level my sister orders at a 10...(not sure how that's even possible to enjoy.:)  Have also ordered and thoroughly enjoyed the Corn Chowder which is a meal in itself.  Shrimp Cocktail which are giant prawns that are so perfectly cooked with a majorly robust horseradish side and some lemon...YUM!!!  Great Caesar Salad and all should be washed down with a Bloody that is house made and perfectly spicy without overwhelming with all of the other flavors going on.  Or, very nice wine selection that I've definitely sampled.  The service is always extremely attentive and kind.  Also, being that it's a very small space and we usually eat in the "round" of the bar...they are right there to get you what you need when you need it.  Yes, you might have a wait during peak times but I do not mind waiting for something this consistently delicious.  I never miss a visit when I'm in town! When there...get there!
5	This is in the top 5 meals I have ever had, maybe even in the top 3. Yes, it was that good! This is a really small restaurant with 5 tables and bar seats. I have had cajun, New Orleans style food once, in New Orleans, about 10 years ago so I really didn't know what to expect since it had been so long and I didn't even remember what I ordered. The server suggested and appetizer and 1 meal for 2 people to split and it was perfect, just enough food. We started with shrimp in a garlic broth. I wanted to pick up the bowl and drink the broth it was so good!. Two pieces of bread soaked in the broth later, and lots of shrimp, our crawfish and crap ettouffee came out. It was so full of flavor and a very large portion. It was packed with plenty of crawfish and crab. Luckily our server explained the heat ratings to us because he said it was 1-10 and I immediately said we want 6. Well, their 6 is not what I was thinking because he said a 3 is tabasco sauce! We went with 3 on both dishes and it had just the right amount of heat. This is a really good restaurant and I can't wait to go back. It is worth every penny and the wait.
3	fun to watch
5	My wife and I saw the reviews so we had to check it out.  Ocean Trail is a must stop any time we are in Phoenix from now on. We were surprised by how small of an area it occupied that we walked by it the first time. We nearly didn't stay until we saw the plates being served. The pan roast combo is the way to go, it was one of the best things we've ever had. Take note that one order was more than enough for the two of us to share, and I'm not a small man.Although there isn't much seating, they get people through there in short order. It is so worth the wait.
5	This place is pretty awesome.  Individual gumbo soup dishes made by an Asian lady.  I doubt she is cajun but she makes some good food.  Yeah this place is in the casino but its definitely worth standing in line.
5	Still wins every "best" award I have to give in the seafood category for the greater Phoenix area...BEST oystersBEST pan roastsBEST gumboBEST steamersBEST shrimp cocktailJust the best seafood in the desert, period.
4	Most of the food here is very good. Oysters are fresh. I really enjoyed the combo pan roast. The gumbo was also tasty but had okra which I'm not a huge fan of. The clam chowder was too salty, and I wouldn't order it again.  The freshly baked hot bread was a plus and used as a sponge to mop up all the goodness. I found service to be inattentive. We stood around for awhile before without being addressed, ended up just taking a seat (all the tables were empty).  Took a while before being asked about drinks and bread was served to two tables seated after us before I had to ask for any. Our credit card also sat on the table for a while before it was taken back. I'd understand if they were busy, but they were not. The service really hindered our experience.
5	Yummy creole style dishes. However, I was bummed that they served only the crab meat instead of a few crab legs on the starter platter. Perfect for two, would not bring a crowd because you will never be seated. Can't wait to try more.
5	WOWZA!  Went here for Thanksgiving this year and that's the best way to describe this food!!  Their Thanksgiving special included crab legs, lobster tail, shrimp, mussels, rice, and corn on the cob.  One thing was better than the next!  The shrimp were so fresh and tasty.  The crab legs were tender.  The lobster had so much meat inside.  The mussels were even amazing (and I don't normally even like them!).  They were all served in a spicy sauce (you get to choose the spicy level 1-10 for all you wimps).I have had seafood in many different parts of the country and this may be the best plate of seafood I have ever had and at 40 bucks it was a huge steal.  We sat there enjoying our amazing meal while a line snaked around the entire casino for the buffet and all I could think was SUCKAZ!! hahaha  I cannot imagine they had anything better let alone anything worth that wait.The only thing I will warn you about is that this place looks like an airport bar.  It literally looks like they may not even serve food beyond appetizers, but don't be fooled.  That being said it's not the best place for romantic ambiance, but that's okay because you can take the elevator right up to Orange Sky for an after dinner drink (also recommended).
4	Entertained a cousin visiting from out of town who's a snob about seafood so we decided on Ocean Trail while trying our luck at the tables too. Good food. Their oysters are very fresh and gumbo is one of the better ones I've had.  Our waitress was a bit slow, but she was friendly enough so we weren't too bothered by it. We also had the Crawfish Etouffee which was probably the best of the three ordered. Drinks are decently priced also.
5	Consistently some of the best Cajun seafood in the Phoenix area!The food is always fresh and flavorful, service has been consistently top notch and there's something I adore about how incongruous it is to have an amazing tiny little Cajun seafood joint in the corner of a casino floor.The awards Ocean Trails consistently receives are well deserved. And if there is a wait for seating, it is worth it!
5	I came across this place browsing for cajun places to eat.  I have eaten the famous Oyster Bar at Palace Station in Vegas.  To my surprise, Ocean Trail is actually comparable.  Both times we came our tummies left happy.  It is considered a bar so you cannot eat there unless you are 21 and over.  We've had the panroast, clam chowder, oysters, seafood corn chowder.Clam chowder- this was decent.. but I honestly think most clam chowders taste the same Oysters- Being a California native I felt this could be fresher but with no bodies of water around Arizona .. this is probably as good as it gets.  The oyster meat was HUGE, big plus. Seafood corn chowder- I would opt for this over the clam chowder, creamy yet every bite was filled with seafood.  Perfectly seasoned !Panroast-  I saved the best for last! This was AMAZING.  Perfect taste for those who like tomato based dishes.  I got mine with crawfish and my boyfriend got his with crab.  Both were good, the crawfish was lighter and crab was denser.  The second time we came we got the combination which I liked a lot better.  This is a MUST TRY!So far the best panroast/seafood I have eaten in Arizona.
4	Wow, well worth the walk through the casino to find this place! The seafood corn chowder was great and the crawfish and crab etouffe was the best I've had outside of Louisiana! The only ding I give the place is the lack of seating: maybe 5 tables or so and then just seating at the bar; however, our wait wasn't bad at 7:15 at night.
3	Maybe because we came at 3:00, changing of the guards, they weren't on there game? The pan roast was good but crawfish frozen.
5	Killer gumbo and oysters!  This place is tucked in the corner at the back of the casino.  Best gumbo this side of the Colorado river, and they oysters are flown in from Vancouver BC.  Even the locals stop here for the simple Cajun menu.
5	This small am restaurant is a hidden gem in this resort. The oysters were wonderful from British Columbia and the gumbo is made to order right in front of you at the bar. Out of this world! Mine had more seafood than I could eat. The bloody Mary's are great too but spicy spicy ! The staff is friendly and attentive. Wish this was in my neighborhood-- I would be a regular !!
5	This place is sooooo good.  It threw me off when I first saw it because it is nothing more than a tiny seafood bar in the middle of a casino.  You are steps away from slot machines.  However, the food is so good it is worth it.  Spicy and full and just delicious.  I have been here several times and always leave satisfied.  If you like cajun food and you love seafood, you owe it to yourself to try this gem of a place!
5	The pan roast is one of the best dishes in all of Phoenix.  Whether you order the combo, crawfish, or shrimp, each dish is packed with seafood and satisfies the belly like nothing else.  You still remember that you're eating in a casino, 'cause you really can't drown out the sounds from the slot machines or stop smelling the cigarette smoke wafting your way from all angles, but it doesn't matter, because the food is JUST THAT GOOD.  If you're sitting at one of the small tables away from the bar, it's also hard to ignore the mass of people that are constantly walking by you, since you're right off the casino floor, but don't let that deter you from eating here either.  The food is JUST THAT GOOD!If you like okra, then you'll love the gumbo, which is also packed with fresh seafood-y goodness and okra-y sliminess.  The shrimp boil is not bad, and would be good on its own, but not when compared to any of the pan roast dishes.  The broth is a little too thin for my taste.  The chowders are excellent, as is the Caesar salad.  But the thing that ties the whole thing together is their bread, which is kind of toasty and soft and chewy all at the same time, and which is perfect for extracting every last bite of sauce and crab bits from the last remnants of your pan roast.  Great bread + great butter + great pan roast = awesome meal every time.  And at only $12 for lunch, or $20 for dinner (for double the portion), I personally think that this meal is a steal.  Sit at the bar and watch the whole cooking process take place, and prepare to be amazed.
5	Went for lunch after wanting to go here for months and I was impressed.  I got the pan roast combo. It was filled with crab, crawfish, and lots of shrimp. It was almost like a soup but thicker. Seafood in every bite.  I got a 3 on the spicy scale and wish I got about a 5.  The bread is great to dip into the broth.
4	I'm obsessed with their gumbo! It is the only reason I go inside a smoke filled casino. Their oysters and Caesar salad are good as well.
5	I always take out if town foodies here and it never disappoints! Come early (before 6pm) and don't bring too big of a party! Fresh, well prepared seafood, big potions, the bread comes out warm and is good for soaking up the goodness!
4	Been to Ocean Trail about 8 times over the past 8 months or so and have tried something different each visit (ordered raw oysters every visit but enjoyed different variety everytime). The oysters are always fresh, cold and delicious! The jumbo shrimp cocktail is excellent also but I believe the shrimp are slightly smaller now than when I first came here...not sure?I personally love the gumbo but have tried pan roasts and etouffee all with either lump crab meat or shrimp and found both crab or shrimp to be plentiful and fulfilling along with the mix of all ingredients. As mentioned by most yelper's, choose your heat wisely but have found 7 to be pretty standard and not too spicy but very flavorful. Please note that one of the lady chef's (not sure of her name but slightly smaller build and a little older than the other chef's) definitely prepares the dishes better than the others but for the most part, food has been consistently good.The corn chowder is also a favorite but haven't tried the clam chowder yet but have heard numerous recommendations from other guests. The warm, toasty bread that accompanies your meal goes perfectly with anything you order, especially the soups and pan roasts.One of the most outstanding aspects of this place is the camaraderie amongst the guests @ the bar. I've been very fortunate to meet some truly outstanding people everytime while dining here. My neighbors @ the bar shared numerous stories about their lives, both locals and people visiting from other parts of the US or world, as we sat and enjoyed food and drinks together. The bar staff can be a little hit or miss though but have always met expectation. Like every place, some bartenders truly enjoy what they do while others just show up for work.Even if you don't necessarily want to gamble, you'll definitely come out a winner everytime after dining @ Ocean Trail! Enjoy!
5	One of the best meals we've had at a restaurant.  We will definitely be back! The smoking and casino aspect is a downgrade, but the food more than made up for it.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant. This is the perfect date restaurant and the perfect try something new restaurant. While the menu is small, the food is amazing. I have been three times now and tried several thing and they are all better than the previous! My favorite so far is the shrimp boil. The ettouffee is also very good, better than mine! Oysters and shrimp cocktail are also some of the best I have ever had. This is a very small restaurant but worth the wait. I like sitting at the oyster bar and watching them make all the dishes. The red beans and rice are just as good as I had in New Orleans! The only dish I haven't tried is the gumbo and that is up next on the list for me. They let you pick the spiciness of the dishes you order. I get a 4 which is a little hotter than tobasco sauce which is how they explain the levels to you. 3 is tobasco. Service is really good. Prices are very reasonable for seafood and the portions which are huge. I always have some to take home which I just make some rice and have a whole other meal!
5	You really can not beat the gumbo here!! I recommend starting at a "3" for level of hot. They go up to a "14".. I think my face would melt off! And I love spicy foods! The portion is huge and u can most def share with a friend :)
5	PDSF Review:  PARKING is free; casino parking lot.  DECOR: restaurant is really small; 50% of the seating at the bar; 50% in high chair/tables.  Line may be get long; so avoid dining rush hours. SERVICE was solid.  FOOD: Corn chowder was salty.  However, when it comes to the seafood pan roast - it was unforgettable.  Every bite had seafood and the seasoning was perfect.  The only caution is the spiciness.  I usually eat very, very spicy, so I thought a Level 9 would be ok... but that pan roast made me sweat and tear up in the eyes... it was too spicy.   I think if I were to go back next time, I would stick to level 7, so that I can actually taste and enjoy the food.  The best pan roast chef if "Tip", a very nice Asian lady.
3	This is not a restaurant. This is a food joint on a casino floor. The food was fair. The service was worse. If you like your food served with an overdose of cigarette smoke, this is the place for you. After enduring two hours of waiting from the time we arrived until our check was settled, we felt disappointed and cheated. I wouldn't refer this place to satan himself.
5	Really cool spot, this is located in a casino and it does not take reservations. When it opens, there is a line that forms and it is first come first serve. If you have flexible on that, the food is amazing, if you are sitting in stool area, they cook in front of you. This is a unique date area and just something fun to do that is outside the norm.
3	It is really close to a 4 star but I can't.  So I was excited about trying it because I go to Vegas about 3-5x a year and go to the Oyster Bar everytime where Bob prepares my food spice level 10. So my husband and I go and to Ocean Trail the set up I say is more glamorous than my delicious Oyster Bar. We went on a Saturday night so it was a little busy and too many staff members walking around and the waiter was never available when you needed him at the oyster bar there is the cook, server and a cleaner simple.  So it was a bit confusing. I ordered a hurricane it was too sweet and no liquor.  He ordered a long island just ok.  We ordered half dozen oysters and combination gumbo spicy 8. There was a guy telling me it is too spicy to get a 10. The waiter said this is a lot spicier than the Oyster Bar so I believed them and got the 8. The oysters were dirty and small. The rolls and butter were delicious.  The gumbo wasnot spspicy at all like eating baby food. So I ordered some ghost pepper "stuff" on the side and you have to sprinkle it to make it hotter with dirty rice. It was an ok date night.  I will go back and try it again.
5	Small place, mainly a bar with a couple tables open to the casino. The food is great. Tastes like you are sitting in the French Quarter. Jambalaya, great. You pick how spicy you want it. Shrimp cocktail, great. Huge, really tasty, great cocktail sauce. Clam Chowder, great. I've had almost a million (maybe less) chowders and this is among the best. How can I sum up Ocean Trail, great.
5	Great place with a small seating area, but unfortunately the wait was a bit long and worth it. I ordered the pan roasted combo with a level 10 scale on spice. I gotta say my sweat was burning, but loved it and added extra ghost better seasoning. I would go back again.
4	I am definitely a fan of Ocean Trail.  If you like spicy seafood, cooked to perfection, this is THE place in Scottsdale to go.  It is inside the Talking Stick Hotel and Casino.  Easy to find, service is attentive and fast.  Lunch at 11 and dinner later in the evening.  I was here AGAIN 04/29/14 and again it is great.  The pan roast combo is still my favorite.  I can't get enough of it.  My compliments to the chefs!!
3	It was a little place inside the Casino. Not many seats. There was some confusion on trying to seat us. They started to and said oh you can't sit there please wait back in line. So we waited some more and then we were seated, We both ordered different entrees and well they both looked and tasted about the same. Do not come here if you are looking for a quiet meal or if you would like to hear the other people in your party well. We enjoyed the meal food wise the atmosphere was ok, but we will not be going back.
5	My wife's favorite food is seafood and did this place ever hit the Mark! We had the pan roast and the flavor was absolutely amazing. Best of all, it was my wife's birthday and they gave us a free chocolate cake afterwards!
4	Up from the Bay Area. Decided to try this place. I always am hesitant on Casino food specially seafood  But this place is the Bomb. It's not want you think, it's located on the main floor of the casino in kind of a circular kiosk. It seats about 20.  We decided on the steamed mussels and combination gumbo. The mussels was in a wine and garlic broth. The mussels were large and fresh. Drank all the broth. Followed up with the combo gumbo with medium heat. Portions was huge. Easy enough for two people. Great taste. Coming from seafood area I have to admit this was top three stuff. Our Chef Tipp and her staff was great and I will make sure I come back again...like tomorrow.
5	I think I'm in love with this place! I started off with the fresh raw oysters; they were beautifully presented on ice with the strongest horseradish ever and cocktail sauce. I must admit the oysters weren't as briny as I like them but they were still good and hella huge. The table bread and butter were a nice touch but the star of the evening was the gumbo and dirty rice! I got the combo with everything at a level five heat and couldn't have been more pleased. It's so fun to watch your pan roast/gumbo get made freshly just for you. Don't forget to order a cocktail too, my hurricane was only $7.50 you can't beat that! Bonus tip: it's surprisingly slow on Sunday afternoons :-)
5	Such a hidden gem.  Inside the talking stick casino right off the casino floor a little place that makes amazing Cajun inspired food. My wife and I had date night here and loved it! Be sure to get the red beans and rice. Really special. From the comments by other yelpers we ordered the pan roasted combo: combo of shrimp crawfish and scallops  so good! And a huge portion,  2 people can share this with a side of red beans and rice. Sit in the back facing the casino floor and it is much quieter and offers a interesting view   the service is super fast and you can watch them preparing the food.  We simply loved it and can't wait to go back!!
5	Chef Tipp never let me down!!  the food is outstanding as always!!! I am so looking forward to going back there again.
5	This place was a total surprise.  It is absolutely delicious.  The food is fresh and made right in front of you.  We went with four people and all ordered different things and all of it was absolutely delicious.  It can be pretty spicy but they let you decide the level of spice which is really nice.   I had the seafood corn chowder and it was amazing.  The jumbo is really good and the pan roasted dish.  The oyster shooters are a fun way to stat the night.  They don't take reservations and there can be a line.  I'd recommend going early around 5:30 or so.  Unfortunately it is in a smokey casino so you'll have to deal with that.
1	Wish this review could be about the actual food here but unfortunately we didn't get to experience any on our visit here Sunday.   After we were seated at one of the seats at a table (not at the bar because they were full), we were just forgotten about.   None of the servers even left the bar/kitchen are during the entire 20 minutes we sat waiting to get served.  Not even a drink order or anything!  It's not like sat ourselves.  Someone definitely told us to take that table so somebody should've known we were there.   After 20 minutes of not even being acknowledged we stood up hoping to get a servers attention and still nothing so we left the place.
4	Have seen this restaurant many times but never stopped by. Very good crawfish etouffee cooked right in front of you. All of the seafood is very fresh and made to order. I had the lunch Crawfish etouffee with shrimp and crab added. Yum! Will be coming back.
4	The food quality and flavor is a 5, but the service is a 2-3.This is billed as a cajun seafood restaurant within Talking Stick Casino.  It's really just a tiny little corner of the casino with a bar arrangement and about half a dozen tables around it.  It is really tiny.  So during meal times it takes forever just to get seated, and the services is pretty slow even after that.On the other hand, the food quality is simply fantastic.  The crab/shrimp cocktails are big and the quality of the product is great.  All of the dinner dishes are generously-sized and very good.  You simply won't leave here hungry, or disappointed in the flavors.For those who don't like "cajun" style foods, there are plenty of seafood items that are plain and simple.  The crab cocktail, for example, is served with a tasty but mild creamy remoulade.  There are a number of other non-spicy options available.
1	Stay away!Food posioning!I was sick all night! Warning.
5	I will keep it simple here - This is the best place to have raw oysters in Phoenix, period.It's likely that you will be waiting for 20-30 minutes in line even if they are not busy.  If you don't want to wait, go there at 10pm or later.  I have tried so many raw oysters at different restaurants in town, but nothing like ocean trail's.  I am glad they are far away from me, otherwise I would be visiting too often.
5	Wonderful experience. Excellent food and excellent customer service. Located right around the gaming area- this is a bar/restaurant with distinct seating. Their food was super fresh, excellently spiced, and reasonably priced. Portions were really big. You can order drinks and chat while they prepare the food. Go for the seafood creole if you like the authentic seafood taste. The server will tell you to pick spiciness from 3-10. I went with a 5 and it would compare to a moderate leaning to spicy for American food. Enjoy!
5	We love this restaurant/bar. If we lived closer we would patronize it more often. This time we had the Pan Roast Combo and Pan Roast Crab. My heat index was 2 which wasn't bad at all. They were pretty generous with all the different types of seafood. My wife loved the Pan Roast Crab. She really enjoyed the flavors.We topped off our meal with Blood Orange Gelato. Well, it's not quite the creamy version of gelato, more like shaved ice. But, it was refreshing.The cook gave my wife a Christmas ornament made from used menus, what a great gift.
5	Such a nice little restaurant at Talking Stick Resort, I cant believe I hadn't tried this place sooner. We went there around 9pm and had to wait 20-30 minutes to get seated. The portions are huge and even though the food was amazing we couldn't finish it and had to take almost half of our entree to go! Overall, I had a great experience!! The seafood was delicious, the service was great and the prices were normal!! If you are looking for a good seafood, this is the place to go!!
5	We visited Ocean Trails last night before the Roger Clyne and The PeaceMakers concert on a whim and we were pleasantly surprised!I love Cajun Cuisine and this place hit the spot! Not bad for a bar type atmosphere :-) We started off with a Cajun Style Shrimp Boil Appetizer. Very good! Tipp, our Chef of the night was kind enough to provide samples of the different sauces and soups they served since it was our first time. She was awesome and the samples of soups and sauces were awesome. Trying the samples helped in making our decision. We ended up getting 3 dishes among 4 of us and they were very hearty. they gave us an option of heat (spiciness on a rating of 1 to 10) and we opted for 5 on all 3 of our dishes. We selected the Combo Etouffee (with shrimp and crabmeat)  and the sauce was a spicy rich tomato sauce flavor. We also selected the Seafood Creole which had shrimp, clams, scallops and crab with a nice creole sauce. Our final selection was the Louisiana Gumbo and we decided to have crawfish from a selection of Chicken, Crawfish, oyster, shrimp, crabmeat or a combo. We had them serve it up with Dirty Rice from a selection of either Dirty Rice or regular White Rice. It was ALL AWESOME. I would rank it right up there with Pappadeaux's if not better :-)
5	The BEST gumbo in Phoenix! We have lived in the South and this gumbo is as good as the South has to offer. It's a smaller restaurant setup like a bar with stools surrounding the chefs' who prepare meals fresh in front of you. Each and every bowl of gumbo is prepared to your specifications (ie type of meat, fish, poultry, etc; spicy scale 1-10). They are cooked individually in a pot designed specifically for gumbo. Unfortunately, we have never tried anything else because the gumbo is the star of this restaurant. However, that is probably a good thing.
