4	I come to the UNLV bookstore every semester to buy books. I don't want to buy books, yet there I am... I can't fault the bookstore, though, for gouging my with prices when they're only slightly more expensive than Rebel Books across the street. I sometimes come here when I have free time to buy UNLV stuff. Sweaters, shirts, coffee mugs, pens... all that. Plus, I sometimes come here when I realize that I've left my calculator at home and need one for a test that's coming up in eight minutes. Sure, I'll pay $13 for something that's $6 at Target, but I have a test in eight minutes!All in all, this place is cool. They also sell other books in their Barnes-subsidized section, so that's cool. So you can get a copy of Pride and Prejudice for $9 to go along with your $150 statistics book.
1	My 1 star rating is for after having driven all the way down to the bookstore from the outskirts of town and having had to pay for parking, I was not permitted to swap my brand new sweatshirt for one a size larger. I was told that I needed a receipt. The sweatshirt still has the price tag attached. All they needed to do was scan it into their system to see that it did indeed come from their inventory. For those of you making purchases, make sure you keep the receipt.
3	At the beginning of the semester, expect lots of chaos. They've also ran out of textbooks which makes going to school quite pointless especially if the textbook has an access code for your class. I haven't had that problem but I know half of my class had that issue this semester.I come here to get scantrons but somehow leave with Rebel gear, notebooks I don't use, water bottles (like I need more), etc. You can actually get scantrons for free at Student Union and the library...I guess, I just like looking at new UNLV shirts and gym outfits. They have a sale every now and then. The people that work here are mostly students. Some are super nice and some are just...there.Textbooks, school supplies, gym outfits, Rebel gear, game paraphernalia, snacks, phone and laptop accessories. But you won't find a laser pointer here. I already tried.
2	Obviously great selection of Rebel merchandise but outrageous prices. Seriously, the prices are almost twice what they should be. Why does the same hat cost $30 here, $20 at the ballgame, and $16 online from the manufacturer? But... If you want nice Rebelbilia, they've got stuff here that no one else carries. Bring a few quarters for parking.
