2	Can we all agree that the absolute most annoying thing is bad service?!? I had the strangest experience at Daily Dose. I read the review in the Arizona Republic about the amazing omelette's, pancakes, and overall atmosphere so I was dieing to try it! The atmosphere is very lounge-like and completely different than most Breakfast hot spots. The owner was very friendly and sat us right away- the table happen to be next to her baby asleep on the booth bench next to me. You know when you are sitting so close to two other tables that it's hard to even hold conversation?? We ordered- I asked for the Prime Rib Omelet and my boyfriend got the Caprese Omelet. Our server (there were only two for the entire restaurant) messed up the order but nonetheless, I felt the food was lacking overall flavor- basic things like Salt and Pepper! Don't be fooled- the food looks amazing! But back to the "experience...." As the owner brings us our food, she was sure to point out "tell all of your friends that this is a great place to drink!" And brought us a drink menu filled with Happy Hour specials and things like "Join us for NFL Sundays." So the loungy  atmosphere, with NFL Sundays and Drink Specials, leads me to ask... what exactly is this place?!? In Old Town Scottsdale, with so many Breakfast restaurants, or bars, or sports bars, you need to stand out- pick what type of place you're going to be, and go with it! They most annoying part of our Breakfast was that good friends of the owner and server were seated at the table next to us- while the two payed more than enough attention to that tables needs for drinks/paying the check, I sat there for a good 15 minutes with out Coffee or Water and a messed up order! It doesn't end there, another couple walks in the front door, and the owner is in the middle of bottle feeding her baby, so baby in tow, she seats the couple.... does anyone else think that's weird?!? Ironically enough, as we're sitting there, empty cups, check ready to be paid, Channel 3 TV comes in to film the great place- I couldn't help but tell my boyfriend how unsatisfying the experience was as the camera man panned across our table.
2	I was excited for Daily Dose to open because of the lack of breakfast options in oldtown.  I mean, if I want to spend two hours or more having breakfast, I'll go to the Orange Table, if I want flavorless, overpriced options, I'll go to the Breakfast Club, if I want mediocrity and middle America, I'll go to US Egg, if I want still-drunk patrons from Axis-Radius, I'll go to Cafe Carumba, but I digress...I'd love a good breakfast place, and I was hoping that Daily Dose would deliver.I loved that they put cucumber slices in the water.  The service was attentive, at first.  I think the place was wildly understaffed, as it later took a turn for the worse.  The food took FOREVER to come, and my dish (some kind of egg sandwich) was waaay over-cooked and sort of disgusting as a result.  The table next to me had an omelet and the eggs looked burned as well.   The side options are confusing (they offer squash as a side in lieu of potatoes, but they call it "hash", like um, hash browns) and the coffee is weak.Good ingredients, decent menu, but the kitchen needs to step it up and they should either consider more servers or staff the place with more competent people.  I'll probably be back because I have a bad habit of frequenting places I dislike.
4	This place was a great find in Old Town Scottsdale!  The weather was chilly, so we sat inside, although they do have a nice patio.  I had the honey turkey omelette made with local turkey sausage.  My fellow diner had eggs benedict with chorizo instead of the traditional slice of ham.  Overall, the menu had all the breakfast staples, plus some inspired options and it was all delicious.  It was also the attention to detail that won us over.  They brought  us fresh berry compote and whipped butter for our toast instead of the pre-packed individual servings found on the tables at most restaurants.  Even a slice of cucumber in the water was a nice touch!  I would definitely dine here again.  Great food, good atmosphere, and fair prices.
4	I admit, the service here is inconsistent, but they are new and should improve with time.  The food is wonderful.  I've had breakfast and lunch and enjoyed both, though I'm partial to breakfast.  My favorite thing so far is the Hangover.  Turkey sausage, bacon, egg, carmelized onions and jalapenos and harissa aioli on sourdough bread (i like it better as a wrap).  Its the perfect combination of sweet and spicy.  Great if you are hungover or not.  The salads are delicious and the portions are huge!   My friend loved the burger.   I can't wait to try their tacos.  Thats next.....
3	I enjoyed my lunch meeting at Daily Dose today... and I will definitely return, but I can't bring myself to give more than three stars just yet.The location is extremely convenient and despite a ton of Spring Training Game Day traffic, I found a prime spot right around the corner from DD.  Score!Since I beat my companion to the restaurant, I had a few moments to peruse the menu.  There is plenty to choose from and it all sounds delicious! There were a few salads that I was looking at and then I saw that they had fresh crabmeat as a salad topper, and I was sold on the spinach, avocado, grapefruit salad with crabmeat and a cilantro lime dressing.  My companion had a cobb salad with chicken.  I have to say, service was incredibly slow - both in acknowledging us and getting our drinks, and getting our food once we'd ordered... and then, even slower when we were ready to pay the check.  Hence the main reason I'm giving three stars instead of four.But, I will say the salad I had was delicious  -  the perfect light and healthy lunch.  I can't wait to go back and order it again.  The breakfast choices are awesome too.  Just make sure you give yourself plenty of time if you're dining in.DD is moderately priced... it would have been under $30 out the door without my crabmeat ($6.95 additional for that).  If the website that is on their business cards were updated, you would be able to see just how many menu items there are that you'd like to try too!  Hopefully they will get that done soon...One more perk of Daily Dose: they have patio seating!  Go now before it gets too hot!
4	We went here for the first time for lunch today. It is a great area with the outside patio right up front. We rode our bikes there and they had a small space for them. The patio is great, the food was great (I had biscuits and gravy plus 1 egg with sides of fruit and potatoes. They could have used more gravy buit that's because I am a pig!) My friend had the egg white veggie wrap and she loved it!). The water has a cucumber with appeals to me for some reason. The service was fantastic!! And this was noon on a Friday  in downtown Scottsdale, which is always packed on that day and time. So they must have read all these other reviews and said "WTF!" We need to step up the service!Each of our bills came to under 9 bucks without tip. Biscuits and gravy without egg would have been 6.95. Compared to The breakfast Club, this place gets FIVE stars. Compared to my favorite place in Cave Creek, Oak Creeks Diner and Flapjacks, it gets 4 stars. Will definitely go again!
3	What a nice day, today! I had a business associate in from San Francisco ( I always laugh when I write that because it makes me sound like Tony Soprano..."business associate", but we aren't in "waste management" so I guess we're OK).We went to lunch at the Daily Dose, when he replied "burger" to my query "Mexican or Burger?"The DD is OK. Just that...OK.Daily Dose the little brother of Fusion and in something close to the standard definition of insanity, I always get a DD burger there and expect it to be as good as the burger at Fusion...it never is, and yet, I try it again! It's the old software dog in me...I am well aware that I can run the exact same program 10 times and the 11th time it will perform differently (often better!!!).The service was good today, the weather was terrific, and the food was OK, not great but certainly not bad (the alternative would have been a burger at Fudd's, and I always try to support my local folks, if I can).So, go on a nice day, sit outside and watch the world go by, and don't be like me...order something other than DD burger, and together, we can break this cycle of mine!
3	Bonkers staff at this small breakfast joints ... One totally overbearing and the other over the top nice but both in a frantic, hyped up on caffine kind of way. Still there was a huge line at the Breakfast Club so we gave The Dose a try. The eggs over easy were broken and our server was confused at the request to have eggs on top of my toast. Turkey sausages were ok and the breakfast potatoes were excellent. So for a regular breakfast it was meh but then I ordered one single buttermilk pancake ... WOW! Perhaps the best pancake I have had in the valley!For a regular b'fast show me to the 5&Diner but for pancakes only I would certainly go back.
4	The menu is interesting.  There were some good ideas - this place is actually trying, not just doing the tried and true eggs and bacon crap.  I got the sirloin burger (forget what its called..  Old Town burger?  Something..) for breakfast.  They had to double check to make sure but they say they usually do the lunch items for breakfast upon request.  It had horseradish mayo and coleslaw, as well as the typical lettuce and tomato.  Very good.  Another great idea - you can get half sweet potato and half plain fries as a side!  (Variety potato or something?)  It was just perfect for me because its such a battle choosing between the two, and then halfway through I wish I had some of the other variety.  :)My friend got the steak omelet.  Not bad.  Not too much you can do with that I guess.  I was so excited about my breakfast that I didn't pay much attention to it...  but the proportions were surprisingly good for the price.  The menu items look fancy, but the prices are pretty average so one would assume the portions will compensate and be "just right" (think Cafe Zu Zu).  But I was happy with the portions at this place.  I will likely return when I'm in the mood for something special that's not too crazy.
5	This place is great.  It's becoming a habit.  JenLyn and Matt have their stuff together.  We love Fusion (their other restaurant) so we figured to try it.  Like everything they do, the food is always excellent, staff is personal and quick and the drinks aren't bad either.  My husband like the hangover.  I usually get the french toast or waffles.  We have been there for lunch as well.  You can't get anything bad here.  Trust me.  It's a gotta go to place.
1	I have visited here for lunch on a sat afternoon. After waiting for a  very long time , having to ask if we have a server, a kid came up who , i hope, was on his first day. We ordered drinks and lunch. Caeser salad , dressing on side. add chicken.I ordered coffee and chicken kabob things. Dressing came on salad, ALLERGY!!!chicken things came deep friend and gross. PLUS THERE WAS A HAIR IN THE SALAD. We had high hopes for this great sounding spot with such a good location. We were very much let down. We have tried to try a different spot in scottsdale alomost every weekend we are in town and cannot say a bad thing about any except this one. very disappointing. having read another review I may steer clear of fusion.
3	Wow, smack dab in the middle of Scottsdale, and I had yet to try it.  Until today...Having lunched there today, I have mixed feelings.  I think my review would align most with my fellow Yelper, Don J.  This place has potential.  The atmosphere is great: great artwork, great colors, cheerful, clean.  Even the service was good, which seems to be an improvement since the reviews began.  And the food was good too, but it missed that special something that Don J. was trying to describe...I think the ingredients are quality, but give me something a bit unusual, mix up the ingredients, try a new sauce, create that special something that makes me want to come back.
3	As they say, "trust your gut" - your gut instinct is usually right... and while it's time for a DD update, it seems my gut instinct is still right on with this one.Sine my initial visit, I've been to DD a handful of times, mostly out of convenience.  While my rating is staying the same, I will say that Daily Dose is consistent... they provide satisfactory food and service every time!  Portions are generous and the food is good; it just never blows me away... One fun fact for you new moms out there: Daily Dose has a very large bathroom area with plenty of room to change your baby's diaper if necessary - I believe there were even diapers and wet wipes provided.  (This is probably because the owner has a little one).  I'm not at that stage of my life yet, so don't get any ideas, but good to know for those that are!
5	The Search for a Tasty Consistent Breakfast place in Scottsdale...is over.Good food, Nice people.  First of all in the service void of Old Town Scottsdale you can tell that the people at this place really care.  I have now become a bit of a regular there, but thats because the staff seemed to actually appreciate I was spending my precious few pesos with them instead of someone down the block.  So, I kept bringing my pesos their way.   I love the fact I always get a giant Ice Tea to go to keep me hydrated through-out my day.The food is the other reason why I keep coming back.   Chock full of some unique options and always full of flavor, I now have about 5 things on my regular rotation.  The Hangover Breakfast Sandwich is still my morning staple.  Sweet turkey sausage, bacon, eggs your way, it is truly addictive.   The Prime Benedict is also delicious,, and filling.  No Matter what I get, I order up the Daily Dose hash as a side.   The place is clean and well kept, and there is a real feeling the people there enjoy their job and care about their little place.They also serve lunch and dinner, and although that business piece has not taken off as much the food is just as good.  Definately a place to check out!
4	The Beautiful Carin invited me to accompany her to church this morning after power yoga at the Village...how could I say no? :-)I am her "arm candy" in those kinds of social situations...and in fact, I cannot cross over the transom of the church, unless we are holding hands...I have an unfortunate tendency to spontaneously combust when I try to enter a church on my own:)But we held hands and I safely navigated the inner sanctums of Scottsdale Bible Church this morning:)But, I didn't get a chance to retox immediately after my workout and running on nothing but coffee, I was starving by the time the preacher said "Amen, Go forth", etc.We were looking for someplace kind of close to the house, with a varied menu (we took Carin's mom, the Lovely Lynn, out for lunch after church today, so we were looking for a bit more than chicken and waffles:)I suggested we give Daily Dose another go.Carin had not been here before, nor had Lynn, so there we were:)We were met at the door by the owner, Jenn-Lyn (also of Fusion, although she informed me that they closed Fusion a few weeks ago...sadly:(...but, on a positive note, the closing of Fusion seems to have allowed them to focus on DD, because, the everything is much better than the last time I was there, and they were quite busy:)Drinks and menus' arrived right away, the service was friendly and accommodating and Carin and her mom were just delighted with the menu selections, the service and the ambiance of the place, and I agree...it's a pleasant spot:)I decided to try something other than a burger today and am I glad that I did:)I had a sandwich called the "Old Town Stack...shaved prime rib, gruyere cheese and red cabbage slaw on the sandwich...inventive and very tasty!Carin and Lynn had the Chopped Southwestern Salad and the Spinach Citrus Salad, respectively...they pronounced the salads delicious and the salads were also huge (we ended up taking  1/2 of each home).They made my girls happy, and I am here to tell you, if your wife and mother-in-law are happy, you are going to be happy:)I love getting the chance to give another star to nice people for real improvement!The DD is a solid 4 stars and solidly in the Old Town rotation:)
3	I had a breakfast dish and loved it.  Another time I had a salad and it was spinach and dressing.
4	I love the concept- there is a little bit for every taste on the menu.  You can have breakfast or lunch whenever you want!  It is about time someone knows how to make a good biscuts and gravy!!!
4	I have now been to Daily Dose 4 or 5 times and each time has been wonderful. Occasionally, you have to wait at the front for someone to acknowledge you and finally seat you but the short wait is worth it!  They serve breakfast until 3pm during the week and ALL day on the weekends. I enjoy the eggwhite wrap and always look forward to the large breakfast potatoes. My favorite part about breakfast is the homemade jam they bring with toast! I also love their burgers! The food is well cooked, creative, and delicious.  They also have a wonderful happy hour that lasts until 8pm!  The specialty cocktails are clever but some of them are not well executed (too sweet). I love sitting at the bar or out on the patio. The service is always friendly and everyone seems eager to please. They put cucumber slices in the water which makes the tap water actually taste GOOD. These small attentions to detail really add up and make this place one of my favorites! I drive down from North Scottsdale just to eat here!
4	you know you have that one place that you compare all other places to...your absolute favorite? well, mine happens to be US Egg for their protein pancakes. and the daily dose has their own version, but i didn't try it. instead, had the peach pancakes and my gal had some type of omelet, but they were both ultra delicious. and the best "hash/home fries" i think i've ever had. cute place, nice patio and extremely helpful staff. we got there aroudn 8am on a sunday, and by 9am, the place was PACKED! one of our new favorites as we can ride our bikes there in about 5 minutes!!! very wallet friendly for the middle class foodie.
4	What a great breakfast spot!  Came here for a quick one yesterday before heading over to work for our complimentary annual flu shot and work after.  The weather was delightful enough that I toyed with the idea of dining outside, but wasn't sure if smoking was allowed (I don't smoke).  I decided to dine in at the counter, but did find out that smoking isn't allowed in all dining areas, at least not in Scottsdale!  I'll have to try patio-dining with friends soon.Had ordered the biscuits and gravy platter, which came with herbed potatoes and fruit, but all I really wanted was a biscuit and gravy, and soon spotted it among the sides menu and cancelled the original.  My only complaint during yesterday's experience was that I felt my server had pressured me into ordering more than I had wanted to.  I'd asked if their gravy was chunky since most of the places that boast "sausage gravy" LIE, and she assured me that I'd love their chunky gravy, so I knew not to order a side of sausage patties, but she had asked me more than three times if I wanted to order two sides, so I thought of trying the bacon, but decided against it when my inquiry of whether or not it contained corn syrup and celery juice came back positive.  So I went with the patties.  There wasn't a need to order more meat as the side of B&G is ample enough for little young me :)  [This dish kept me going for almost six hours!]I loved this spicy breakfast item so much, I came back for more this morning!  I literally bumped into an old friend, at the Mayo Clinic of all places!, and we thought it'd be nice catch up during breakfast afterwards.  I arrived earlier and placed my order in for a biscuit and gravy ($3.95) and one stuffed pancake ($2.95).  I chose the peach creme brulee.  (This was going to be a treat as I haven't had peaches in three years!)  No powdered sugar, please, and FYI, the pancake syrup here isn't 100% maple.  My friend, who exercises and counts calories as much as I do, was going to look at the pancake list when I, recalling he liked egg-white omelets, told him that DD offered an egg-white wrap.  He instantly ordered this, but also ordered a blueberry and banana pancake made w/ honey whole wheat.  (I'd lamented that the server hadn't asked me for my batter preference, so my pal said he'd order one with whole wheat, for me to try.  A pleasant double-surprise was when he chose blueberries and banana, the latter which I haven't eaten in three years!)He absolutely loved his egg-white wrap.  I almost tried a bite, but didn't want to play with fire since I was already trying my luck with the peaches and the banana.  (The wrap contained eggs and mushrooms...)  I loved both of the pancakes- the peach creme brulee was perfect w/out any added butter or syrup, but my friend's pancake needed a little maple syrup.  Thank goodness I always carry some, just in case!  =)Can't wait for that upcoming UYE a yelper teased about during our jaunt at Haus Murphy's ;)
4	10/24Couldn't wait till a Friday UYE at DD, so I opted to go on my own and try the Daily Dose Kobe burger and sweet potato fries at happy hour prices ($5, plus a $1.50 upcharge for any side dish substitution other than their hand-cut fries or regular fries).  It's not 100% Kobe, but Daily Dose's "own house blend of Kobe and beef burger patty."  I asked my server to have the sweet potato fries cooked extra-crispy, and she assured me that their way of preparing them made them very crispy.  I also ordered a glass of Cab ($5).Loved the two pieces of thick-cut pepper-smoked bacon!  Their crispiness lent the Kobe-beef burger a much-needed textural component it greatly lacked, or so I thought.  (I'm a huge fan of the "crust" that cooking on flat-tops and grills impart on food, be they cuts of meat, stone fruits, bread, or veggies!)  I enjoyed the harissa aioli on top of the aged cheddar, but I wished that the pretzel bun spent more time in the oven/grill.  The sweet potato fries were very unsatisfactory.  I would definitely order it extra-extra crispy, or I may just try the chorizo mac 'n cheese next time I go.  The Gladiator burger ($5.50, plus fries) is calling my name...
5	I should probably eat here a few more times before giving it a full 5 stars, but 4 stars wouldn't express my enthusiasm enough.  Their sangria is awesome. Their servers have all been amazing. The biscuits and gravy are spectacular, and the hangover sandwich is filling but also amazing. I haven't tried the lunch menu, so I'll be back.  The hostess wasn't the most helpful with trying to get a group of 5 on the patio, but it was probably due to my own uncertainty of where we wanted to sit. Give this place a try for hanging out on the patio or for a good breakfast spot in Old Town.
4	This place has GREAT food, GREAT happy hour, and a really nice staff.  And they serve breakfast pretty much ALL DAY.  Pretty awesome by my standards.  The Hangover sandwich is a heart attack between two slices of bread, but it's so worth it.  The sausage is great, and the way the eggs drip into the sandwich...mmm....  Most of their breakfast dishes come with a side of fresh fruit, which we love because we can share it with the kids.  Oh, and the best part, in my opinion- the breakfast nachos...  I thought my sister and I were the only people in the world who ate nachos for breakfast, but no... the people at Daily Dose do it too, and they do it even better than I do!  Unfortunately we moved from Scottsdale, but we'll be making the trek from Tempe to fill our bellies here!  It's a new fave!My only complaint is that it can be a bit slow at times...
5	Daily Dose has an incredible menu with the power to appease even the pickiest diners. My favorite is the "rock shrimp" appetizer and the "protein and iron" breakfast.  Their daily drink specials are unsurpassed by any other bar in the area. Go for Sangria Sunday and you will become enlightened.
4	I've had a late breakfast and two more happy hours since my last review update!  First, my late breakfast consisted of one stuffed pancake off of the side menu- peach creme brulee.  This actually first arrived as a plain pancake w/ a generous pour of creme brulee sauce w/ a dash of powdered sugar- something I specifically asked not to have added.  So, another pancake was whipped up, and again, I received a plain pancake, but this time w/ only a very thin layer of creme brulee sauce (sob!).  The missing peaches, lovely when stuffed into the batter while cooking, were added as a warmed side.  Strange that I was charged extra for a serving of creme brulee sauce when the corrected pancake was so lacking in sauce to begin with, but whatever.  I should've been more outspoken about it...Second, I tried the gladiator burger and subbed chorizo mac 'n cheese for the fries (extra $1.50 for a total of $7 for the burger and mac).  I preferred this burger over the Daily Dose burger I had previously, and while the chorizo mac 'n cheese was tasty, it just isn't as good as that of Crust's Crusted Mac 'n Cheese!  Strange, that, since DD's version contained chorizo, which packed a powerful punch in the flavor department...Third, I tried the chicken nachos, but instead of the corn tortilla chips, I opted for a flour tortilla wrap.  Not a problem according to my server and the manager on duty (who were very amiable).  I would order this chicken wrap again in a heartbeat!Next time I will throw caution to the wind and have one (or more!) of their famous sangrias!
4	I have been here for Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner and it has not disapointed me yet.....awesome happy hour options & pricing with a friendly staff.
4	Thanks to Donald and Carin for sponsoring this wonderful event! Just got back and it was a lot of fun. Great food and drink not to mention the company - shoutouts to Jim and Kevin ... I also commend the waitstaff highly for their friendliness and extreme competence in handling the many and varied orders of 25+ people with grace and efficiency.Just as a side note, I was also taken with the (XTREME?) hand dryers in the bathroom, which told me at the spout to FEEL THE POWERThat about says it all.Thanks again and best wishes for the season!
4	Wow!  The happy hour is AMAZING!  If you're a fan of burgers...  try the Gladiator!  Friday happy hour is half-price burgers.   I fear I've ruined myself from ever enjoying another burger, now that I've had this one.
4	Holy cow.  I could be a Hindu if only the method of worshipping was eating the object of worship.(which I guess makes my true natural religion Vulvan, but that's another story)   `,8^ }The Half Priced, Half Kobe, Half Chuck, Happy Hour Daily Dose Burger was Wholly delicious.   The pretzel-bread bun just took it over the top.The rest of the menu looked thoughtfully prepared, and a brief conversation with one of the principals confirmed the serious attitude with which they take their establishment.The staff handling our patio party was to be heartily commended.  The server was actually remembering and calling most everyone at the table by their first name!The empty plates and beer bottles never lingered long, and the cucumber slice infused (i'll never enjoy lemon-water quite as much again, this stuff was so refreshing!) water glasses were never empty.Perhaps the wonderful company of multiple yelpers and the genuine conversation had me in a bit of an in-clover stupor, but I left Daily Dose with a feeling of fulfillment that went far beyond my belly.Special thanks Donald for the set-up, and Carin's parents for being so hip and cool!
4	Daily Dose Definitively Delivered Downright Deliciousness.While sitting on the patio with a fubar of Yelpers I kept seeing the "DD" logo with it's overlapping D's and red background and thinking it looked really familiar.  Isn't that the logo for the Marvel comic DareDevil?  You remember that right?  Occasional guest in the Spiderman series, subject of yet another godawful Ben Affleck movie?  That DareDevil?So these folks provided outstanding service (Thanks Tina!-she remembered every person by first name and even caught on when I was trying to slip my charges under Brian's name) and excellent food!  The Yelper special was a great bonus!  Thanks to Donald S for hooking up the UYE and the special with the owner!  I'm sure we made up for any loss from the special with lots of alcohol.The burger (.5 Kobe beef, .5 high quality other beef) was really good and the pretzel style bun was a nice touch.
4	Great atmosphere and the service was excellent.  The food and drinks were excellent.  Great spot to go to for happy hour.
1	I'd have to disagree with the person who said this restaurant is dog friendly.  I was told off by the owner because I had a little dog outside table and that was right after I finished paying for an overpriced breakfast dish and coffee.  I went here before that on several occasions and many times my order was forgotten, after paying....and the staff is real unprofessional blasting music at nightclub volume at early breakfast and lunch times.  I'm a neighbor, but will never go here again!!!!
4	Somehow I had never heard of this place until Saturday so I had no idea what to expect.  We had a giant party of 9 people so it took a while to get seated, but after that everything ran surprisingly well considering the size of the group.  The food came pretty fast and my diet coke was never empty.  Our waitress/servers were all excellent.Because I read some Yelp reviews before my visit, I was pretty confident that the burger was a good choice.  I ordered "The Gladiator" and it was excellent.  The toppings, meat and bun were all top notch, fresh and tasty tasty and I would definitely order it again.  I only had a bite or 2 with the delicious pretzel bun so it made sense in my head to order the fries.  I ordered the combo fries which are half regular and half sweet potato.  I didn't really like them and would order another side in the future like the hash which sounds interesting.  Anyway, the fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and not overly greasy, but I think they lacked flavor.After tasting their burger and studying their menu I can't wait to go back.  Their breakfast menu has TONS of things that look awesomely delicious and can't wait to try them.  I just wish this place was in a different/larger location because I could tell that the place gets jam packed in the morning and I bet the parking is a pain.
4	First try the cilatro, jalapeno, edamame hummus... Yum!  I have tried a few of their sandwiches on the menu and they were all really good.  Love the sweet potato fries... I think they might rival stax.  What I really want to come back for is breakfast!  That is absolutely my favorite meal of the day and their menu has some very yummy looking breakfast items to try.  Additionally their service is always friendly and attentive and their prices are reasonable.
5	Oh Daily Dose, you are a reason to get out of bed on a weekend morning. A fave breakfast spot of mine, the Daily Dose (DD) has it all. If you're looking for a traditional breakfast of eggs, pancakes, and goodness, this is your place. This is not what I opt for though... the Daily Dose is known for their phenomenal Peanut Butter and Jelly Belgian Waffle and the Bananas Foster Creme Brulee French Toast. There is nothing I don't like about PB & J on my waffles in the morning. To start off breakfast, the Daily Dose has one of the best cups of coffee in Scottsdale. I have grown to like the mocha's but the special blend of coffee they have ALWAYS seems to get remarks of greatness. When you go, you have to sit on the patio for breakfast. If you have a dog, bring fido along for some good people watching outside. Situated on Scottsdale Road and 1st Street in downtown, there is always something to see. One thing yet to try on the menu is the Hangover Sandwich... take a look at it when you are there. It is all things that are good, piled on a breakfast sandwich. Not sure I could finish it, but if you do, let me know!
4	I never thought I liked Eggs Benedict until I tried some of a friend's a Daily Dose... I was hooked! Since then, I've ordered Eggs Benedict at several breakfast places, but the Daily Dose's are still my favorite. I've also had some pretty delicious peach pancakes there before.Lunch there was just average, though I did get a salad (I was trying to have a healthy day). Based on the reviews, I should probably get the burger next time.
4	Perfect location for breakfast before SF Giants spring training game. Also, Perfect location for drinks and snacks after the game. Enjoyed 3 meals in two days and will recommend to all my friends.
1	The service was terrible and the food wasn't much better. It took an hour to get our food and my water was empty the entire time. I definitely won't be going back.
3	My friends and I were in town for Spring Training and were looking for breakfast place walking distance to the stadium.  DD caught my eye on N. Scottsdale Rd. since it was bustling with action.  Tired and slighty hungover we gave it a shot and were pleasantly surprised with the food.  I thought the food was good and the service was very good.  Attentive server who as friendly and got our day off to a good start.  One thing I can't be sure of is if the Spring Training crowd slowed the kitchen down.  The food did take over 20-25 min to come out but when your having a bloody mary and trying to remember things from the past night that wait goes by fast!
2	Although the atmosphere is great and the location is ideal, I won't be returning to Daily Dose.  Here's why:1. I'm a huge eggs benedict fan.  After being assured by our waitress that their Hollandaise was tasty, I was sorely let down by the flavorless, overly yolky sauce.  Why is Hollandaise always such an oversite for brunch places???2. The plate presentation was lackluster.  Although this isn't important if the food is great, I think it does make it seem even worse if you don't like the taste to begin with.  All I can say was that the side of fruit was literally 3 small pieces (one orange slice, one cantaloupe piece, and one pineapple piece.)3. So the food wasn't outstanding, but at least we were having a good time talking amongst our table and drinking our delicious green iced tea, that is....until they decided to use the table RIGHT NEXT to us for their server side work.  Look, I'm a server too, and I know it sucks to roll silverware...but good god, don't do it right next to the customers.  These employees were tossing the silverware around after polishing it, and it was SO LOUD.  Not to mention the fact that the staff chose this same table as the meeting/gossip table too.  Side work should be done in the back of the house.  End of story.  We left when we couldn't take the sounds of clanging silverware and employee rumors anymore.Our server Courtney was pleasant, the iced tea was really good, and the atmosphere was really cool, but these factors just didn't make up for the faults.
2	Hmmm, not sure where to begin.  It should be standard for any location within Old Town Scottsdale to have amazing atmosphere, service, and food and the thing about Daily Dose is they struck out on food which after all is said and done, is the end all of a restaurant.  Because if a place has bad service but great food, you can justify getting a great breakfast and ignore the server giving it to you.  The patio is cute and the server was nice, but my omelet was only so so and my "side of fruit" was actually less in amount than one of those fruit cups moms throw inside their kids lunchboxes...I'll use my 2nd paragraph to briefly vent on how annoying it is to be sitting at a table with your friend and the servers are doing their sidework while you're trying to vent to said friend! GO TO THE BACK!!I'm off to the Breakfast Club next time...sorry DD, you just didn't do it for me :(
4	Has become a weekend staple for breakfast or brunch, as the line out the door has shown increased patronage.  Most things on the menu are in the $10 range, whether breakfast or lunch.  DD has a great urban feel to the decor and lots of happy hour specials.I'm a fan of the Daily Dose burger as you don't have to add ketchup or mustard.  The nachos are monstrous and glad to see a place still serve fruit as a side.
2	For the second go around (I had to go back to meet up with some people who chose this location before I could object), I gave Daily Dose a clean slate.  I went in expecting nothing and that's about what I was given...again.Believe it or not, the staff was rolling silverware again in the same area as my first visit. Unbelievable.  At least this time there was a seat available outside...far away from the clanking.The service:Since I am a server, I don't bash other servers' "styles", but let's just say, our service was weird, not bad, just weird. Lingering stares, awkward silences, you get the picture.  Also, I have been serving for a long time and I still write stuff down.  No, I don't think you're cool if you can remember everything a table orders.  Just guarantee my food gets there the way I ordered it.  This particular time my salad came out loaded with raw onions, which I very clearly asked to be omitted. (I'll let you guess if she was writing it down).The food:I am ironically thankful for the fact that the onions were left on my salad.  Because if they weren't there, I would have had a plate of flavorless lettuce and feta cheese.  Come on people.  I tried a difficult breakfast dish the first time I went, so I figured I'd order a common Mediterranean salad, just to give them a "sure thing" attempt.  Wrong. Yuck. Was there even dressing on that?I'm gonna stop here before I continue beating a dead horse.
3	Daily dose is pretty darn good. Service is fine and happy hour prices are great. Terrific Bloody Mary.
4	I've been so impressed with the DD whether I've eaten breakfast or lunch. The food is always fresh, seasoned just right and arrives in a reasonable length of time regardless of the time and the number of people in the restaurant. I've always found the waitstaff to be attentive and cordial.I highly recommend  the Daily Dose for any meal! I only wish I could bring my Starbucks coffee in with me. :)
5	I went to Daily Dose on a Saturday. There were plenty of empty tables inside, but my friend and I decided to wait for a table on the patio. The hostess was efficient seating us once a table became available. I had the veggie burger. I told the waitress I couldn't decide between sweet potato fries and regular fries. She suggested I get the combo, which is offered on the lunch menu, not the dinner menu. I thought that was nice of her, since I wouldn't have known about it otherwise. I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu.
4	Top things to know about DD: ** Beautiful outside seating** A menu I'd love to eat at for days** Breakfast til 4. Yes folks.. 4pm.I ended up at DD on a day when I was going to make my first visit to Orange Table but running out of time we decided to try another option. We literally saw a sign that said sandwiches (it was really the place next door) and just pulled in.The menu the menu, oh the sweet menu. There are a million amazing items on this menu that I want to try, and no, not just for breakfast, which they serve until 4 by the way. On weekdays. Did I tell you that already? Sorry, I might say it a few more times. I was torn between a few breakfast options and only glanced a bit at lunch, but it looked very tempting also. We all I know I love me some eggs benedict, and the server insisted they have the best sauce around so I thought I'd give it a try. Probably should've gotten something else. I was not a fan of their benedict sauce at all. However, they do give you several options for the meat portion including salmon, and turkey sausage, which was what I tried, though it looked more like an actual piece of turkey rather than a sausage.I wished someone had mentioned smoothies to me before I ordered my beverage too as they had a black cherry mint that I would've loved to try. Also on my list to try.. peach creme brulee :)The service was great, the patio was beautiful, right down to the sexy tabletops and they even have free wifi apparently.Not only have I found yet another breakfast on a weekday spot which I am going to frequently drag my coworkers to, but this should be a great place to chill if I ever have that awkward amount of time in between appointments and want a spot to get some work done and chill.I do wish the servers did more to sell and give good recommendations though... they should stop recommending the eggs benedict.
3	3/2, 3/9, & 4/16Took Mom w/ me for breakfasts twice and then (finally!) tried the $2 tacos on Taco Mondays.  Aja (brekky) and Ashley (dinner), our servers, are always delightful.  They're both warm and friendly (and both pretty, too!), and, most importantly, they patiently listen and retrieve the info I need should I require it.  (I have to contend w/ numerous food allergies, it isn't funny.*)  Breakfasts consisted of the ham benedict and the Rosemary Steak and Eggs.  The benedict's hollendaise sauce was silky-smooth, and not too heavy-- it had a nice mouth-feel to it.  The eggs that laid beneath the sauce were perfectly cooked!  They were a beauty to behold, and even more enchanting to bite through...  Have I mentioned I liked food w/ good mouth-feel??  The slices of ham, while very lovely to look at, were too salty for my taste.  (Mom concurred.)  The DD hash, made w/ caramelized butternut squash, sauteed mushrooms, and caramelized onions, was good, but Mom preferred the country potatoes, and I'll have to agree.  I really like perfectly cooked butternut squash, and alas, the squash preparation here has consistently been hit-or-miss (either not cooked enough or too mushy), but the country potatoes are always a hit!  Perfectly seasoned and browned every time.  Perhaps we would've enjoyed the meal better had we swapped out the muffin and hollendaise sauce for a biscuit and some sausage gravy (DD still serves the best biscuits and gravy I've ever had!).  It's nice to know that this option is always available in any of the benedict dishes!  The rosemary steak and eggs platter was a disappointment.  First, we had to send the steak back, as it was definitely cooked to well-done (we prefer medium rare to medium), but no worries, this was quickly remedied.  Ten minutes later, we were able to try our first bites.  Eh, nothing special.  (Leftover steak was less flavorful, moreover.  What a waste!)  Eggs were a bit scorched on the outside and too runny inside- we asked for over-medium.  (If I want scorched and runny eggs, I can cook them myself at home!  Hehe.  Actually, I make great fried eggs!)  Thank goodness that the toast was delightful, but, in the end, who wants to walk away knowing they paid $20 for, literally, toast and coffee?  BTW, the coffee here is very weak.  We haven't ordered another cup since the initial attempt, and should we try again, we'll have to see if they'll brew a stronger batch just for us.  (Hey, other venues have done so, and quite 5-stars of  them, too!)  So, breakfasts at DD that week weren't too successful, but we'll keep going back for the creme brulee and banana-blueberry pancakes (try the gingerbread batter!), as well as the awesome sausage and biscuits (the chunky sausage chipotle cream sauce is to-die-for!!).I can't believe I waited this long to try the $2 taco special on Mondays!  We tried all four varieties (carne asada, and one each of the crunchy and grilled chicken, and chorizo), and Mom and I liked the carne asada the best (we ordered two)!  I liked all but the grilled chicken, of which I had a bite, but Mom enjoyed it.  If you have an avocado allergy, be sure to let the staff know, and double-check your order, as well, to make sure that the guac is delivered on-the-side.  (The second carne asada arrived w/ the guac in the taco...) DD serves up good guac.  Trust me, I suffered through days of pain and lethargy to be able to say this is true.  Try it w/ any of the wraps, if it doesn't already accompany it!*I don't let the issue keep me from a fave activity of mine, though, as some anonymous "Yelpers" have suggested.  I actually use it to my advantage when dining out, as it aids me w/ finding quality venues and the staff that help keep consumers such as myself coming back again and again.
5	This place rocks for breakfast!!  I no longer live in Scottsdale and I miss the gingerbread pancakes- they are soooo good.  I am NOT a sweet breakfast-orderer either, so if I  miss pancakes then it means they are truly amazing.  I can honestly say this is the only place I've been to that I would ever order a type of pancakes for breakfast.  They're so good that putting anything on them (syrup or butter) just takes away from the amazing-ness of them.Their omelets are always fantastic, too.  My favorite here is the delicious caprese omelet and I've also had the veggie omelet which is fabulous.  Their breakfast menu is sooo great I wish I could go back and order everything.  Also, they serve breakfast all day!  Awesome bloody mary's, too.  Love it!!!
4	Went and checked this place out on a late Sunday morning on Memorial Day weekend and have to say it was pretty good.  We  had driven down to Old Scottsdale and wanted to try something new.  Based on a recommendation here on Yelp! I went with the Gladiator Burger.  The Pretzel bread bun made for a new experience and the rest of the burger was very good.  I did not try the Sunday Sangria but I did notice a couple of people had ordered it and it looked good.  We sat outside on the patio and I would recommend it even though it was a bit on the warm side.  The service was really good as well.  Overall, I would definitely go back when I am down in Old Scottsdale.
5	The best breakfast in Scottsdale, hands down.  Some favs:  Banana Bread french toast, gingerbread peach pancakes, breakfast nachos, biscuits and gravy, the hangover sandwich, giant omelettes and excellent coffee.  You can't go wrong with this place.
5	Umm...Banana Bread French Toast. That is all I have to say. This place ROCKS! The burgers and sandwiches are very good also. It is Scottsdale so the prices are probably 10% more than a similar place anywhere else.Great place to grab breakfast before a Spring Training game. Go Giants!
4	Kobe hamburger with pretzel bread. That's all you need to know! Yeah, I'm a fan! I visited Daily Dose on Whiskey Wednesday. That means $5 whiskeys. After one of those, I just had to eat something! Well, hello Kobe burger! I chose the Daily Dose burger which 8oz is topped with cheddar & jack, peppered bacon, fresh basil, shaved onion, tomato & harissa aioli on a toasted pretzel bun! Whew! The burger was tasty and the pretzel bun was a master stroke. The meat was juicy and cooked to order (medium for me). The toppings added to the flavor of the burger and the pretzel bun was chewy and salted just like a YUMMY pretzel. I was a happy girl! I hope to visit Daily Dose for breakfast, maybe a lunch! I hope they can wow me like they did before!
4	I don't go out for breakfast often, so when I do, I want it to be goooood...Daily Dose lived up to all of my expectations. They have so many options, but we went with the eggs benedict with turkey sausage and the berry protein pancakes. Both were absolutely delicious - the hollandaise on the benedict was tasty and light, while the turkey sausage was super flavorful with a tiny bit of spice. The berry protein pancakes seem like they'd be too healthy to also be delicious, considering they're made with honey wheat batter and protein flax seed granola, but they're amazingly good...I wish all things so healthy could taste so good. Service was terrific - prompt and friendly. With The Breakfast Club just up the street, Old Town is lucky to have two great breakfast spots!
4	Crabcake eggs benedict in Arizona?  Yes!  Unbelievers will be shunned, shunnnnnnnnned.I watched the World Cup game with the aforementioned benny and a stellar cup of decaf joe.  The servers were friendly and the food was delish [at 7 am? yea!].  It was too early for me, but the bar had intriguing signs detailing carefully assembled cocktails.Add it to the list, folks.
5	Joined a friend here for a late breakfast, and it was really great!  The place was packed, always a good sign, and I found out why.  We sampled the edamame hummus-AMAZING!  Who knew hummus would work with edamame?  Well, it does here, its got a kick with cilantro and jalepenos.I had the turkey sausage eggs benedict, really yummy!  First time I've seen turkey sausage on the menu for a benedict option.  The potato wedges were the best I've had in a while.  My friend enjoyed the veggie omlette with a side of cottage cheese, and it was just perfect for her.  I would love to go again and again, it is 30 miles from my home, but next time I'm in Old Town Scottsdale, I will go again for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Big menu with interesting choices.
4	Three words: Bacon Bloody Mary. We were hung over, again, and made our way out for breakfast. I had the Hangover Sandwich and it was AWESSOMEEEEE. The bacon bloody mary is... interesting. I don't know how I feel about baco's in a drink. But I drank a few of them. It was hot, sat on the patio. Great sweet potato fries. Friendly staff. Nice Adirondack chairs out front to watch the traffic roll by. Highly recommend.
4	Ate at Daily Dose today after church and we made it just before the long wait. Great atmosphere and very attentive staff, I had the prime rib & cremini mushroom omelet yum. The pancakes looked inviting with the various toppings but I couldn't bring myself to get just pancakes and fruit for was an omelet or regular breakfast would cost. I would love to try their happy hours because $4 margaritas and $2 tacos sounds like the makings of a great Monday nite.
1	I swear, I want to love this place. Really. It's next to one of the best dress shops ever (Robert Black, you rock my world!) and their strawberry mint salad is HEAVEN. But I'm telling you--their service SUCKS! I've been there three times in the past 5 months and no matter how many times I try to ignore and avoid the incompetent boob behind the bar (Jonathan), it never works out. He's young and a terrible server/bartender. The first time I went, my date and I never got drink refills OR our orders. The second time, the guy literally couldn't be bothered with replenishing my mimosa--he was too busy talking to friends. Today, I thought I had the problem solved. I sat at a table outside the bar. But when my drink order hadn't even been taken after sitting at the table for over 5 minutes, I asked someone for help. And who do you suppose was supposed to be helping me but hadn't bothered to make his way over? Of course the guy I had been trying to avoid! It was like something out of a bad movie. I should have known when I had to beg for a drink. If you can avoid Jonathan, the salad is totally worth it.
3	Good food, great patio and friendly service; these are three Daily Dose highlights. After walking by the Dose several times in the last year, I've finally had a chance to visit a handful of times and I'm adding this to my list of weekend afternoon or happy hour stops. I first visited for happy hour. I was pleased to learn that domestic beers were just $2 and they served them in ice cold glasses. Now for those who know me, they know that I don't typically drink beer from a glass. Not sure why, but there's just something about drinking out of a bottle. But, in the case of the Daily Dose, I went with the glass this time because it was so cold it chilled the beer to perfection. After reading so many reviews about the Daily Dose burger, I had to give it a try. Not bad burger lovers. The pretzel bun added to the taste and the burger was solid. The fries were OK. I had the combo but preferred the regular fries to the sweet potato ones. One thing that surprised our group was that the restaurant does last call at 9 on the weekdays, so we noted that this isn't your choice for making it a late night. The second time I visited, my friend and I split the citrus avocado salad with cilantro lime dressing and the shaved turkey melt with brie. I really liked the unique kick to the salad due to the combo of fruit and avocado. It was a refreshing bed of greens. The turkey melt was a combination of brie, jalapenos and chipotle mayo on sourdough bread. It's a great sandwich if you're in the mood to consume some cheesy calories. Both times, I've enjoyed the food and will definitely remember the Daily Dose when my tummy starts growling again.
5	looooove the burgers and nachos there! burgers are big so you might want to split! can't wait to go baack again.
3	Great food really slow service
4	Had a deeelish southwest chicken salad tonight.  Service was great.  Surprised by how yummy the salad was and am intrigued to try the pretzel bun burger.  Cute litle place, wish the appetizer section had more healthy options but still overall super yummy.  My friend ordered the caprese grilled sandwich which looked tasty as well! Great place for catching up with the girls and the sangria is superb as well!
3	I have wanted to try the Daily Dose since I heard about it last year at a Yelp event. I met up with a friend last night for dinner & drinks, and we chose DD as the location. I did arrive early - around 5 and was surprised to see the place was nearly barren. There was only one other table occupied. Happy Hour was 4-8, so I entertained myself with a $2.50 Miller Lite until my friend arrived.This is a good place for happy hour - half off apps, $2.50 domestics, $3.00 Mexican beers (although the menu shows Tecate and Tecate Light at $2.50). When she arrived we listened to the server's suggestion and ordered the pulled chicken & mushroom rolls. Basically egg rolls with chicken, mushroom & cheddar cheese with a horseradish aioli drizzle. Fairly tasty and for half off the regular $8.95 price, a pretty good deal. I had another Miller Lite and she enjoyed the Three Olives $5 vodka special by mixing root beer vodka with vanilla vodka. It was a good and interesting blend.We still had time on the happy hour menu and remained a little hungry. I wanted to try one of the burgers I have heard so much about. We decided to share the Gladiator ($11.95). It sounded large and spicy! A large Australian Kobe beef topped with cheddar & jack cheese, caramelized jalapenos & onions, peppered bacon & red chili cheese sauce on a toasted pretzel bun. Yum! And the pretzel bun sounded interesting. When it arrived it was large, I will give it that. The servers knew we were splitting the burger and already divided it in half and brought it on two plates for us. Big props to the staff. To be honest, I didn't note anything spicy. The bacon was good and crunchy, but I didn't detect jalapenos or anything spicy. The pretzel bun I was looking forward to trying didn't really stand out to me either. I couldn't tell the difference between that and a regular wheat bun. I asked my friend to see if perhaps it was just me, but she concurred.By this time it was 9:00, and as Lindsey F.'s review stated, that's the end of the night. During my visit a few other people had come and gone, mostly at the bar, but it was quieter than I expected. We noticed that at 9 we were the only ones left and we thought the staff might get antsy. Overall the Daily Dose was nice. I thought the atmosphere was good, some televisions to watch the games, a little jazz in the background and some good happy hour prices. I wouldn't mind trying the burger again to see if I was missing something. It was good; don't get me wrong, but not exactly what I was expecting. The staff was very helpful and friendly. I will definitely revisit.
4	Well this is truly a hidden gem in Old Town Scottsdale. The wife and I visited this establishment last Sunday after church. There is usually a long wait here...but we arrived about 10 am and there was no wait. We were seated very quickly and the service was very good...there was a little wait for our food but no complaints about that though. I had 2 great buttermilk pancakes, turkey sausage, eggs, potatoes, and hash...the price....only 9 bucks plus tax...a really great deal. So if your ever in Old Town Scottsdale and need a great breakfast to get your day started...visit this establishment. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	Little else compares to Sunday brunch with friends!Simply put, this is a great spot! The food was great, the service was great, and prices were comparable to other restaurants. I usually enjoy a bloody mary with Sunday brunch, but I think my expectations were a little too high. My all time favorite is that of Orange Table. I went for the Bacon Bloody Mary and would not repeat. I would definitely return for the food.I ordered the Flannel Hash which was YUMMY. Friends ordered oatmeal, pancakes, and the benedict. All were amazing! It was well worth the 20 minute wait for a table.
4	It's been about a year and a half since our visit to Daily Dose and my husband still occasionally talks about how good the bloody mary was!  I can't believe I forgot to mention it in my original review. We haven't been back to Scottsdale since this visit, but I'm sure it will be on the must-do list during our next trip.
5	This is a family owned restaurant and serves great food!  I went for dinner and ordered the Veggie Burger. The server informed me that it was made in house, and not just a frozen patty.  It was the best veggie burger I had ever had... and I'm not even a vegetarian!  The side salad that came with it was awesome as well.  It was more than just your typical bed of lettuce. All of the salad dressings are homemade as well.  Going to try breakfast next - the breakfast menu looks amazing....
4	Not quite a five-star rating, but I ate here Wednesday and the hostess/waitress was nice, the food was served promptly. I was there for happy hour, which I found to be quite a bargain - much appreciated these days. The chorizo mac and cheese was inventive and provided a nice creamy flavour with just a hint of of spice. My friend ordered a salad, which she seemed to enjoy. As appetizers were half price during happy hour I figured I ought try another appetizer, and got the meatballs marinara. That was decent as well, though the bread gets a little soggy in the marinara sauce. Dos XX beer was $3, so an affordable afternoon out. Would have appreciated some German beer though - am getting tired of the Mexican/American beer dichotomy at so many restaurants. Happy hour even extends to 8pm. All-in-all, I was happy my friend recommended this place.
4	Dinner for 2, beers, good sized portions,excellent menu, excellent food, good drinks, $40 including tip. Can't wait to go back
4	Yum-may!  Headed to this place with no expectations and left VERY happy.Split the burger, served on a pretzel bun (yay!) and fries plus a side salad.  Service was good, food was great and timing was awesome (in and out, no muss no fuss).Also had a great, unique beer list!Definitely heading back!
5	Daily Dose is my favorite go-to on nearly any occasion.  Breakfast?  Yep, you HAVE to try the Prime Rib Omelette.  Lunch?  Definitely, their salads are unbeatable.  Dinner?  Their happy hour is the best!Seriously, though, the vibe inside is perfect, and the servers are friendly.  I never get tired of going to Daily Dose.
4	I think I really like this place a lot.  Love the portions - update to my previous review, you get way more food here than Cafe Zu Zu!  And love that you can get lunch items a little early.  Very friendly wait staff.  Happy hrs are another story, their appetizers aren't very good.  Had the pretzels (got "stale" pretty quick, not 1 bit of salt on top and the sauces are watery), chicken nachos (bland and very mediocre at best, how do you mess up nachos??), and meatball something or other (that one wasn't bad, but maybe if they made the bread pieces crisper and didn't stick it in the sauce so it wouldn't get all soggy).So stick with breakfast and lunch items and its not too bad at all~
2	After so many review updates, I usually cease to write more unless I have something really noteworthy to add (a new menu addition or fave dish, or great customer service rendered, etc).  Unfortunately, I will have to say that this morning's breakfast of biscuits and gravy and a platter of peach creme brulee pancakes didn't have us leaving w/ happy stomachs :(  There were a couple of hitches, but these were easily amended.  (I think my love affair of DD's biscuit and gravy has ended.)  My major gripe was that our gingerbread pancakes did not contain candied ginger pieces-- did Daily Dose switch to a new mix/formulation?  If yes, please switch back!  The pancakes we had today were too dense and not at all the flavorful-spicy and texturally-exciting cakes we've had in the past :(  The peach creme brulee sauce also didn't arrive warmed, and instead was squeezed unappetizingly onto a sauce dish.  The leftovers that I usually get to enjoy again on one of my work breaks ended up in the trash.I'm going to go back again soon to give DD another try... I'd like to keep it on my list of fave brekky places!
4	My fiance and I frequent DD at least once a week, it is the best breakfast spot in town! LOVE the protein pancakes, DD Hash and Roasted Turkey Sandwhich...mmmm! The staff is great as well, the owner always recognizes us and comes over to say hello. Try it once and you won't go back to the other places!
3	Daily Dose is exactly what I expected being in Downtown Scottsdale. It is a cute, trendy, busy, small establishment packed with lots of patrons with Gucci bags slung over their arms and cute little designer sun dresses on their backs.  The waitress we had was not rude but could definitely have been friendlier. We took about 20 minutes to order, so that could have been a reason for her rudeness. But, I didn't see her smile once. The food was ok. Not really anything to write home about and the Sunday special of Sangria was very watered down. I will probably go back again because it is a great spot to go and have Sunday brunch with the girls- but it wont be my 1st choice.
4	Ate here after reading about the burgers on pretzel buns.  It was every bit as delicious as I imagined.  I was disappointed when I read that on Fridays, burgers are half off, but when I asked the server she stated that that was only after 4pm.  I wished they had advertised that little bit of info too.  The crispy fries were delish as well.  Loved that pretzel bun.  Will go back for that for sure.
3	Good ol' happy hour what better way to get a great deal on fine appetizers.At 1/2 priced appetizer and lasting until 8 I just had to stop in and try it.After a quick glance of the menu two items popped out at me for different reasons. The Nachos (w/o chicken)  this was the few drinks in half of my brain talking and the Risotto cakes from my foodie soul.While we waited for our food I enjoyed the 3d look of the rocks in acrylic tables and contemporary decorations.Our food arrived, and it looked good, but the cheese on the nachos had already cooled and had time to solidify and the pico de gallo was quickly making the chips soggy. The flavors ere good but it would have been much better if it got to us sooner.The risotto cakes also had a great taste, but they were luke warm too, they were served on a nice bed of greens with a balsamic dressing.With just a bit more care this place could be good, they have many specials and a decent menu, but the kitchen and or service hurts the overall experience.
3	I usually only like salty breakfast-but this place has the most amazing French Toast, Pancakes and Waffles...MMmmmm.  For that i want nothing more than to give it 5 stars but like i mentioned, i like salty breakfasts.  They do have some good items but as an overall, the items lack a bit of flavor and have been cold when i have eaten there.  -I have had some basic poached eggs w bacon and potatoes, the                          hangover sandwich, and a wrap-as well as bites from whatever my breakfast partner has had.Hopefully you have better experiences on your meals than i have.  But like i said, their sweet breakfasts are WONDERFUL. At the very least go in and try them for those.Happy Eating!
2	I came here for breakfast after working a LONG shift at the hospital and I have to say I really was not impressed. The drink I ordered the "Antioxidant" seemed watered down and flavorless. The hollandaise on my Eggs Benedict seemed watered down and flavorless. Overall the food just seemed uninspired. Maybe it was just my crummy mood after such a long night. I'll have to go back and give them another try. Just in case...
5	Great old town bar. Cheap specials every day. The food is well above "bar food" genre. The vibe is always vibrant and noisy... in a good way. Eat here for breakfast, lunch or dinner. One of my "go to" spots in old town if I want some comfort food
2	literally the worst service all 3 times i have been.  i will not go back.  BUT, the food is good (if you don't have it served with a hair like I did once) and i know plenty of people who agree that if you are in no hurry and don't mind very slow service, that the cheap cost and food could be worth it.
4	ohemgeeee. I LOVE this place. Have come here many a time with my gay boyfriends for everything from H&H to brunch. Peanut butter and mixed berry compote waffle with banana topping, SO good! For an evening snack the chipotle mac is also great, but def big enough to share. Sangria is hit or miss but the coffee is always on! Service has usually been ok, but sometimes it does take a little long to get the check. There is just something about the cute ditsy waitress I always get, that I don't really mind waiting.
3	I've come here so many times (down the street from work) that I take it for granted.  Minus one star because I like regular iced tea, which they don't have.  But for breakfast, lunch, or dinner, it's a safe bet.  The Hangover breakfast sandwich has been a needed shepherd many, many times.  The chorizo tacos are rock solid.  Overall, a good, friendly place without all the dipshittery of its surrounding OTS location.
4	This place is pretty tasty and has great happy hour specials!   The 2 high lights of my visit, imo, were the awesome chorizo mac'n'cheese and sitting on the small but nice patio. My chicken nachos were good too but I just kept stealing my friend's mac'n'cheese... next time, I know what to order!Nice, clean, trendy atmosphere, and our server was nice and cute.  See ya there!
3	The menu is pretty amazing, lot's of stuff I want to come back and try! Seems like they have a lot of drink specials too!Had the Naked French Toast, the side of acorn squash was a bit odd, would love to see some regular hash browns on the menu. The pricing is pretty decent and the staff are pretty nice (a bit slow) but nice. Definitely a place to just come and hang.
5	It doesn't matter what you choose you gonna have a feast!Food is consistently delicious and you got the beautiful crowd of the WI love this place if only those calories didn't count:-)
4	They have regular iced tea now.  Star added.
4	This is my friends' favorite place to meet up.  They have happy hour until 8 pm seven days a week and the chorizo mac-n-cheese is the best you can find!  Great brunch dishes too!
5	WOW!  My parents and I and other family friends come her almost every Friday!  They have a great happy hour menu! (Although they just changed it a little) But happy hour is available everyday ( I think) from 4-8!  They have a wonderful frozen sangria mixed with a frozen margarita! ( its a MUST TRY!)  Also,  the pretzel buns for the burgers are delicious!! Not to mention that the staff is amazing, and the owner Jen is a DELIGHT!  She is constantly walking around the restaurant talking to guests!  Probably one of my favorite restaurants around!!
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!  First of all, let me give kudos for extending their happy hour to 8PM (starts at 4pm).....wait for it......SEVEN DAYS A WEEK!!!!  When most other bars in old town have doubled their drink prices an hour or two prior, Daily Dose's happy hour is still going strong, which is reason enough for me to love them.  Throw in the fact that their happy hour food menu extends waayyyy beyond your average "bar food" (try chorizo mac and cheese or the portobello mushroom and brie fondue) and their drink specials are pretty darn good, and we have ourselves a winner!  The only reason this place gets four stars out of five is because, due to the fact that they are EVER so popular, the wait to get into this little piece of heaven can be quite lengthy.  But I'm always glad I stuck it out!
2	I was super disappointed that my first visit to daily dose was a total bust. I've looking forward to trying them out for quite some time.  It started off fine, we were sat right away and the server was very friendly... but then it went downhill. I asked for a recommendation from the server on drinks that weren't too sweet.  He recommended the sangria, which was so sweet I couldn't drink it.  I was starving, so we ordered the mushroom fondue appetizer to start, and our meals.  Our server got slammed; the hostess gave him 4 more tables all at once almost immediately after we sat down.  After 30 minutes, when he came back to check on us, I sent the drink back and inquired about our appetizer.  He said he totally forgot to put it in, and that it would come out the same time as our meals, was that okay?  No, it wasn't okay, didn't I mention I was starving!  He asked the busser (or whoever it was) to get us some chips and salsa right away.   Those never came either.   By the time we got our dinner, it was hard to even enjoy it because our entire dining experience had been ruined.   I guess my veggie burger was okay.   The manager or lead server, not sure who she was came over and offered us a free dessert, but we were just ready to leave.   I think we'll give daily dose another try, in hopes that this was a fluke... but need a little time so we can erase that experience out of my minds!
4	For a restaurant whose name sounds like a Coffee shop, this place was pleasantly surprising.  A very California menu, with cucumbers in the water and fresh avocados on their tacos, this is a fantastic place to get very good food at very reasonable prices.  The service is always friendly, and their Happy Hour menu is one of the best bargains in town.   The Kobe burgers are a bargain anytime, but $3 off a $10 1/2lb Kobe burger in Old Town Scottsdale during happy hour is unheard of.
4	People always say that some of the best things they have experienced are run by people who have a passion for their product. That is what sets the Daily Dose apart from other Old Town food spots. Both the restaurant manager and head chef are there all day everyday making sure every meal is great. Now the Daily Dose as a number of things going for it:1. They are one of the only breakfast spots in Old Town. The breakfast is always good and creative...I mean they have breakfast nachos! 2. They have great food other than breakfast. Typically when you have a restaurant that does breakfast their other food suffers. Not at the Daily Dose! Their Turkey Burger on the pretzel bun is incredible. Also if you have always wanted to try a veggie burger but just don't think you will like it don't hesitate at  DD. Their Veggie Burger is great! 3. Maybe the biggest selling point Happy Hour 7 days a week! One quick tip if you are heading there on a weekend for breakfast make sure you are ready to wait at least 30 minutes. The Daily Dose is and will continue to be a go to spot for breakfast, lunch and dinner for me!
4	DD, you have redeemed yourself!  After my first nightmare experience at DD, I decided to give it another shot.  It was Friday night, Happy Hour with a party of 8, a recipe for disaster.  I called ahead and was delighted to hear they accepted reservations.  We were sat immediately upon arrival and greeted by our server shortly after.  If you've never been to DD, their Happy hour is awesome and runs until 8PM.   The HH menu has a little bit of everything including starters, entrees, salads, drinks, and burgers.   I started off with the mushroom and brie fondue and a hibiscus margarita. Both were excellent; I just wish they served it with more dipping items. It came with a few small slices of pretzel and a couple veggies, so I ended up with a bunch of fondue and a spoon!  Other starters ordered included a shrimp "cocktail", pretzels and crab cakes.  Those who ate them seemed very pleased as they disappeared quickly.   For dinner I went with the Veggie burger.  It was homemade and very tasty.  Unfortunately I had gorged myself in fondue so was unable to eat hardly any of it.   A few other burgers were ordered at the table, some tacos, a huge salad (Which was on HH too) and a couple orders of sliders. The sliders looked awesome; they were much bigger than any other slider I have ever seen.  My initial reaction was to upgrade my review to a 3, but after further consideration I've decided 4 stars is more appropriate considering the quality and price of the food.
3	I want to be a fan with Daily Dose but its hard.  I'm glad that this is a local favorite but it can be the hardest place to get a table.  I have been there several times and I always leave with mixed reviews.  I went to Daily Dose on Friday for happy hour/dinner.  I did not know they had happy hour till 8 pm, which wins bonus points!  I highly recommend The Antioxidant:   Three Olives Pomegranate Vodka, Three Olives Mango Vodka,  lemonade, green tea and peach nectar.  One word: Yummy!  The Crab Cakes were delicious and the presentation was fabulous!  I even took a picture!  There are two blue crab cakes and hidden underneath them is a surprise of edamame and roasted red pepper. The charred tomatilla hollandaise was a great addition.  I willing to give this location a shot especially now that I know they have a happy hour that goes till 8 pm.
2	Food was alright. I couldn't help but over hear the staff complaining about work/customers. I won't be going back.
4	DD is a great HH spot in Old Town, especially when you're looking something a little more hearty or quality to eat (ahem, Bungalow, Salty's, Loco and other mediocre to poor food offenders).  DD's rating is a huge beneficiary of my love for fantastic beer on tap, and offers up 5 great microbrews....including an IPA *drooling*.The food is good to very good, and the only complaint I have is pretzel dough on a hamburger is just way too heavy!  The burger itself is fantastic.On my first trip, they were woefully understaffed which = bad service and angry Little Lady, but my last visit was much better and our server was cheerful, attentive, and split the check 300 ways as we had a large party.  Any server that can smile while trying to handle that math deserves a hefty tip.The patio sits right on Scottsdale Rd (as do most establishments adjacent to the road) but it's not too noisy.  HH goes until 8, and with an eclectic mix of cocktails, beer, and wine, there is something for everyone.  Looking forward to breakfast at the Dose!
4	This place is an office favorite. Solid options for lunch and prices that are reasonable at ~$10.  Had the Turkey melt today and that was good (onions and cheese made it) but wouldn't rush back to this while I'm still exploring the menu.  The misses went for a portabella wrap and was quite pleased with that.We arrived just before noon on a Monday and were seated promptly.  Service was good and we were finished by 12:35pm.
4	I went here last Sunday for brunch with a girlfriend. The waitress was a little show to serve us, but it was packed and they did not chase us out when we lingered. The soy latte was delicious! The veggie omelette was also excellent... of course, it's the "DD Hash" I've completely fallen in love with.I will be back!
4	I wish I could go back to Scottsdale just to try everything on the Daily Dose menu! =/ I went here for Brunch while I was out there and I had my heart set on ordering the Strawberry Creme Brule Waffles, but unfortunately they were out of waffles!! NOOOOOOOOOOOO! I ended up ordering the banana bread french toast, which was good, but I can only imagine how much better those waffles could have been. My cousin ordered the breakfast nachos which were really good. Everything on the menu looks delicious. Next time I'm in Scottsdale, I will be sure to hit this place up again...
5	I will give this place a 5th star even though i wait for 30+ mins every time i go. that can only mean it's good right? Well, it's that friendly AND that good that i dont mind waiting. i hope it doesnt lose that customer service aspect that makes it so approachable. best sausage gravy in town with a nice spice to it. i'm not fond of their potato has thingys... but their bfast nachos are fab and their white out omelette is also very tasty. my favorite item - turkey sausage eggs benedict... DD style (trade sausage gravy for hollandaise) - very filling as you can imagine. breakfast club will still be the old town brunch location for when visitors come visit me but for week in and week out sunday morning brunch, this is my spot.
4	Thank you to Check Please Arizona! I saw Daily Dose on Check Please and just had to give it a try. Wow...the bust kept secret in Downtown Scottsdale for sure. We arrived for lunch and actually got one of the last tables available. We were greeted warmly and our server took our drink order quickly. The menu is amazing! If there is not something on there that makes you quiver, then you must not be alive. My dining partner (out on our every Thursday lunch date) ordered the Grilled Chicken Cobb sandwich. She had pause as it's served on a Pretzel Bun. Oh girl please....hit the treadmill more in the morning! She was "blown away" loved, loved. loved her sandwich! I had the Turkey Burger. My felling is, if a restaurant is brave enough to put a Turkey Burger on their menu, they must know how to make it! They typically range from hockey pucks to bland indiscernible mystery substance. Not at the Daily Dose!!! Wow, Yumm, YAY!!!! is what my mouth was saying while devouring this burger! Such a great combination of flavors and yes, it's served on a pretzel bun as well...! The Combo Fries are the best. A combination of traditional russet potato fries and sweet potato fries. Such a great compliment to our sandwiches. I can HIGHLY recommend The Daily Dose Old Town Bar and Grill. It's good service, GREAT food and very reasonably priced. So when you are near Scottsdale for Breakfast, Lunch, or Dinner, you owe it to yourself to head, no RUN to Daily Dose.
3	Came into town for the Phoenix Rock N Roll Half Marathon, and was lookin' for some pretty good eats for my  post-run.I checked out Yelp for some Mexican food down the street, though the place ended up being closed on Sundays. Decided to walk the town, and saw some Mexican food along the way, but got turned off by the ones that seemed like a "loud bar first; food second". Got close to the end of Old Town; the choices were slim; yet nothing screamed at me. The only two left were the sandwich shop (next door), and the Daily Dose Grill. The crowds and outdoor seating here caught my eye, and even though I was starving, decided to muster up the energy to wait.The restaurant was crowded with a buzz, yet not too loud, subtly lit in a good way, and had good energy. Being solo though, I was quickly seated at the bar, where I could sit, and take in the football game on TV.The bartender was perky, and took my order. I ordered the - Green Chili Chicken Enchiladas - Hand shredded chicken stewed in green chili sauce, rolled in a southwest tortilla & topped with cheddar cheese. at 9.95 Note - I ordered extra cheese - with additional avocado.The food wait, though, was about 40 minutes; the gentleman sitting next to me had been waiting even way longer, and by the time his chicken nachos came, I almost grabbed a few!Mine finally arrived. For what it was, the meal was actually pretty good. The chicken tasted tender, hot,  and fresh, and they gave me a decent amount of avocado.It wasn't quite what I expected, though. When they say "enchilada", I'm expecting something a little bit more cheesy, saucy, and perhaps baked a little bit. This tasted more like a chicken wrap. Though the chicken was shredded, moist, and slow-cooked, it tasted more lke a chicken wrapped in tortilla, with a little green chile sauce added.Like I said, though, for what it was, it was pretty good. The gentleman next to me actually complained about the wait time, and got a discount off of his check! I should've gone that route...The food, ambience, and the uinqueness of this place warrants coming here again, though because of the service, and my expectation, they get only three (rather than four) stars.
5	Friendly staff and food that would satisfy even the most discerning 'food-ie'!
4	Very tasty and delicious  Kolbe Beef Burgers on a Pretzel  bun !!! I am definitely a fan of their food but their service can be better...I give them 4 stars for their food but only 2 stars for their service as their staff has always seemed to be sitting around by the bar and watching TV amongst each other on  all 3 of my visits ( no host/ greeter at the door until requested ...) I have introduced my friends and brother to this place and been there about 3 times for their huge mouthwatering burgers! I have tried a Chinese chicken salad and a crab-cake sandwich which I would rate as average ..... this is a place that stands out purely for their burgers I would emphasize
4	AMBIANCE:  Trendy - Urban - Upscale Casual (small tho' - between inside & patio, only seats 99 total). Very nice modern decor - tables made of white agate suspended in some sort of lucite. Nice art on walls. Good size booths.FOOD:  We had the famous pretzel bun burger w/fries and the Ancho Chile Reuben w/combo fries. Both were totally De-Lish!  The bacon on the burger was 100% real and cooked on a grill, just like home.  Also the red pepper aioli and bits of basil leaf added a subtle new flavor to the same ol'burger.  Burger was cooked as ordered: a beautiful med. rare.  The Ancho Chile Reuben was HUGE!  Tasty with only a hint of zing.  Crispy fries rounded out the huge plates & portions are large so come hungry (combo fries are the crispy fries and sweet potato fries mixed in together- great for sharing).  We had tea as a beverage - fresh brewed and excellent.SERVICE:  Everything was great -with one exception:  our waiter never asked us if we wanted more tea.  He was back several times - asked if we wanted dessert, etc.  He was nice, friendly, pleasant & accomodating when we needed an extra minute to decide on our order. But, not offering a refill on the drinks (the glasses were empty before our plates were) made a difference for us in the tip:  would have been 20% but instead left only about 16%.OVERALL:  We did not have a long wait time as others described.  May be because we were there at 3:45 p.m. on a weekend and not a busy meal hour during the work week. Food was absolutely excellent and we will definitely be back - gotta try the Breakfast Nachos!
5	Daily Dose? Yes please!1. The menu has something wonderful for every palate and food preference.2. The staff is always friendly and responsive.3. Their drink specials are phenomenal.My favorite is brunch time - you can't go wrong with any omelet or my favorite - the Protein and Iron.  The DD Hash is legit.Daily Dose is our proverbial go-to whenever we are in the area.
5	Absolute FAVORITE breakfast spot in Old Town Scottsdale. The food is great, service is wonderful. Try the black forest ham omelet--my favorite thing so far. Every waitress that we've had has been so attentive. Every outrageous request that we've made has been done. If there's a line when you get there, it's worth the wait.
5	I was looking for another awesome breakfast restaurant apart from T.C. Eggingtons and found the Daily Dose.  I have been here a handful of times and loved everything I have got! Great place for mimosas and breakfast food!
4	Go from brunch and get the breakfast nachos. OMG. They were to die for. red chile sauce, two cheeses, baked chips, chorizo eggs. Got sour cream on the side and left of the pico. Came with sausage gravy that was not the artery cloggin' kind. These were so yummy.It was a little dark inside (full out front) and they don't have sweet & low. Nice ambience. Totally cool for the kids, too, but no paper kids menu.
2	Meh... precisely. Nice location, outdoor seating, and friendly staff. Mediocre American food. Best thing, it serves breakfast till 3 or 4pm. Basic basic American food with no twist.
3	Traveling sure makes me hungry! After a long flight from Chicago I was just about to break into my 3rd bag of pop chips when it was time for lunch. Hooray!I joined the infamous Lindsey F and Gabi M for lunch here at Daily Dose. When we walked in Gabi told me it was a 3 star restaurant. I wasn't sure why we were eating at a 3 star restaurant when surrounded by so many fabulous dining establishments, but any food would do.We were able to grab a table immediately, the menu is pretty extensive and our waitress was friendly. But yep..3 stars. My rock shrimp tacos sure beat another bag of pop chips, but weren't anything special.  And the friendly waitress forgot about our hummus appetizer.If I was in the area I wouldn't hesitate to grab a quick bite or drink here, but nothing here to hop on a plane back to Phoenix.
5	i just want to say that since i moved away from scottsdale I literally daydream about the food at this place. i am OBCESSED with their housemade veggie burger and pretzel bun and my better half loves a lot of their meatier dishes~We do miss the RIBS you guys used to have when we are in town.We love that they have one of the best local beers, Orange Blossom from Papago Brewing.You literally can not go wrong at this place...they will have whatever you want and it will be delicious!
5	They had several craft beers on tap.  Very good selection.  I went during their happy hour, kobe beef hamburger $3 off.  Pretzel bun, awesome food and atmosphere.  Definitely will go back and try some other food on their menu.  My service was excellent and food delivered quickly.
5	Daily Dose is hands down my favorite restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale. I began going there when it first opened for brunch and was highly impressed by the multiple options they have available for the ways in which you can order Eggs Benedict. You can get them with roasted red pepper, asparagus, chorizo or my personal favorite...thinly sliced prime rib. In addition, they give you the option to order them "DD style" in which they replace the  english muffin and hollandaise sauce with a biscuit and gravy. After enjoying their brunch on multiple occasions, I became curious about their happy hour. Not only do they have the most convenient happy hour schedule (4-8pm!) but their menu options are amazing as well. Unlike their morning hours during which there tends to be quite a wait time for a table, there is always availability during dinner time and the atmosphere is very comfortable. I don't think I have ever had anything from Daily Dose that was not to like.  Their sangria is delicious also :) Some of my  favorite menu items: Butternut Squash Ravioli Prime Rib Eggs Benedict Tacos (any)Veggie DipChicken Nachos (their salsa is great) Panko Crusted CalamariCilantro, Jalapeno & Edamame HummusChocolate Cake MMMmmm!
5	My husband and I went with some friends for dinner and we had a great time. We sat outside, so I didn't get a good feel for what the inside was like, but my overall impression was clean and comfortable.This place has great pricing for EVERYTHING during their happy hour. We got entirely too much food and drink, but we definitely left happy!The food was really unique and had fun twists on old favorites. It's nice when restaurants put thought into their menus!
3	Always on a wait. Always waiting on an ardent server to take your order. Always has delicious gingerbread pancakes and gladiator burgers. Always greeted by one of the friendliest owners in oldtown.
5	I was so excited when DD opened up since I love me some liquor with my breakfast (sorry Breakfast Club).  It became our new go to breakfast spot and never disappointed.  I am a huge fan of their benedicts especially their crab cake bene.  My friends are healthy eaters and always raved about their Egg White wrap or the Turkey and Sausage White out.  Servers were always helpful and courteous, even when my hung over friend had random requests like 2 medium poached eggs and wheat toast no butter.  Mimosas are great here too so make sure you aren't hung over to get one.  The owners often stop by tables to see how things are going and are very friendly.  One time one of our friends was a little green from the night before and the owner brought her over an herb remedy to help settle her stomach.  The place can get busy but service is always great as is the food.  I haven't made it there for dinner yet but it is def on the agenda.  Great work DD!!
4	Tried this after the reviews on Yelp.  Had a bit of a Wait on a Saturday morning, but we expect that.  They told us 10-15 minutes, but it actually was more like 25 minutes.  While we were waiting we saw someone slip the hostess $20 to skip the line - not cool !  Once seated (inside as we took first available) our waitress came over very quickly and took our drink order and then our full order - we got our food very quickly considering how busy it was.  The waitress was very friendly and gave us suggestions on the menu since this was our first time there.  I had the Caprese omelet, which was excellent - my partner had the berry pancakes and said they were good too.  It was a little noisy inside, but the food was excellent and we will be back.
4	Great place for breakfast in Old Town Scottsdale!  The Eggs Benedict with turkey sausage was delicious!  We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but it is well worth the wait.  The service is friendly and efficient and the restaurant has a good vibe.
4	Daily Dose has disappointed me a few times in the past; however, the food is NEVER one of the reasons. Service has been spotty (long wait times for intro/drinks, mid-meal, or bill time), no ice in drink or maybe a spot on a fork (immediate replacement with apologies and smiles)...but every single time I have been there, I was greeted at some point by the owner, and the food was ALWAYS consistently superior to any other breakfast place in Scottsdale. That is the one reason I continually come back. If they mess up my coffee, I know they will replace it with a smile and a meaningful apology. But if I order a turkey sausage omelet with DD hash on the side, it will always be delicious and spot on with no issues whatsoever.
5	I didn't like the name and look of this place for some reason so it took me awhile to finally go here and I am mad at myself for not going sooner!I've been to Daily Dose for happy hour and breakfast and both were fabulous.Who has happy hour til 8 pm?!! Daily Dose does!! love the late happy hour and good drink specials.But the real thing that won me over about DD was the breakfast!  Best breakfast I have had in AZ for sure!  There were so many things I wanted to try and I can't wait to go back again!  I tried the turkey sausage, egg white omelet with toast and fruit; protein pancake; and sausage gravy & biscuits.  All of it was amazing.  I was thinking the protein pancakes would be like US Egg's but they are not.  They are very different but in a good way.  I really want to try the lunch as well.I have a feeling I will become a frequent guest at Daily Dose now.  Sorry I wasn't sooner.
4	we came for the strawberry creme brulee waffle, but i was loving the eggs benedict so much more. don't get me wrong, the waffle fluffy interior & crispy exterior were delicious and fabulous, but what i expected in the execution was not even close. i think the cream, which they were calling vanilla creme brulee did not take my taste buds to the awesomeness of creme brulees. it was sweet cream. i guess i was expecting burnt crystalized sugar...that was it!so, why 4 stars? despite my expectations being shattered. the food is good and top quality! they give you a huge cafe mug for coffee. the house potatoes are everything you can ask for. and, this an overall solid restaurant. we will go back, for sure...minus the strawberry creme brulee waffles, which should really be renamed the strawberry cream waffles.
5	A little place I would like to call Heaven! Daily Dose is amazing. Daily Dose makes me want to be a better person... The consistency of being wonderful every time I go is what brings me back! I have never once had a bad experience there. Friendly, warm, inviting atmosphere & amazing food. I could eat breakfast, lunch & dinner there every day..... Let's talk about what makes them so great... I know - you want details.... Well to start homemade warm giant pretzels is a go-to every time. Especially during happy hour. Chicken nachos...... no brainer.... $5 during happy hour and know what's even better DD is extending their happy hour for the summer 4p - till CLOSE! My go-to is Cobb Salad with a veggie patty on top - dressing on the side please.... The salad is huge! Filled with fresh lettuce, tomato, crispy bacon, egg, etc.. The veggie patty homemade - warm - breaks apart with every bite! Just delicious. If I was on death rode I would choose DD to fill me with my last meal. WHY? Because the fresh, homemade food will definitely bring a smile to your face even if your about to die! Thank you DD for making life so good....
4	I brought my sister who was visiting to Daily Dose for lunch and it was very good. I've been here a couple of times for lunch and breakfast. I love their breakfast and I really like lunch too. My sister had a cheese burger which was awesome (with the pretzel bun). I had the turkey melt which was really good too. The nachos were a delicious starter as well. This place is very quaint and has a really great patio setting. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was because, as a server, I am a little picky when it comes to service. Service was a little slow and not very attentive but it was in the early afternoon hours so it seemed lax.
4	What a great place to eat breakfast! Nice little outdoor patio and healthy, yummy food!
4	great place! i love the breakfast nacho here very very unique but definitely very popular. they are also pet friendly so i bring my olde english bulldogges with me.
5	Great place to go on a Sunday/Saturday for some good breakfast.
3	Before we start, I had high expectations for this place.  So the word on the street was this place was kickin' it.  Yeah, it was a tad bit busy during my visit and they had their happy hour specials chalked on the wall right when you walk in.  Great HH 4pm to 8pm --- Yah!  I came right on time 7:50pm hehe.  I ordered the Daily Dose Burger -- Bacon and grilled onions --- ohhh.  Well, I enjoyed my burger, but it didn't really kick or pow me palate in anyway.  Needless to say it was decent.  Service, my delight was probably from the hostess, cute gal with a broken arm awww.  Had a fun conversation about the restaurant and made fun of some of the patrons.  I had this weird desire to sign her cast, but didn't want to ask haha!  As for the ambience, it was what I expected - petite with a cute relax atmosphere.  Crowded for sure, but I always enjoy low lite bars with X-mas lights! - Enjoy
4	My wife and I stop here every time we are in the area for breakfast.  Nice to sit outside during nice weather
3	When Cafe Carumba closed last year I started going to Daily Dose. They have good food, a nice (but small) patio, and a good location. I normally come here for breakfast during the week because it's less busy and crammed. They have a very small patio so on the weekends it feels like there is no breathing room and you're forced to listen to five other conversations going on around you at other tables. The service also gets really slow on the weekends. I was there one Saturday and I actually got my food before my mimosa. And that's not because the food was quick, actually I remember the food taking a long time too. I had to order my second mimosa when the server dropped off the first one just to make sure it came before our meal was over. Pity too because I absolutely love mimosas and would normally drink more than just two with breakfast. So far everything i've tried at Daily Dose has been pretty tasty. They've got a great pancake selection, and you have the option to have them made from a honey wheat batter. As for lunch, I always get the same thing. It's a grilled chicken sandwich on a deliciously soft pretzel bun. It's the pretzel bun that keeps me coming back. Normally, I would branch out a little and try other lunch entrees. As for the service at Daily Dose, it's always the same. The servers always seem annoyed. I actually went there this morning with a few girl friends and we ordered hot chai teas that came room temperature. We told the server they weren't hot and asked her to please warm them up for us, we even told her she could nuke them in the microwave and she told us they didn't have a microwave and then asked us if we had tried them yet. Of course we tried them, that's how we know they are not hot. I don't think i've ever really had good service there. Of course, despite all that I still go to Daily Dose on a regular basis. They've got good food, free wi-fi, and a good location.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Old Town. The food is great, the prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is great. Very chill vibe. I eat there at least once a month and the staff is always friendly. I love to take family and friends there. Everyone I have brought with me loves it.
5	My husband and I LOVE Daily Dose!!  First of all the food is consistently great and they always put a creative and delicious twist in their dishes.  The mac & cheese is amazing!  The pretzel twists, the salads, and the tacos are all fabulous!  We also like supporting family owned businesses. The owner is very conscientious and is always on the floor taking care of customers.  The service was questioned  with other reviews, however they must have corrected it because we have always had good service.
5	Can't ever go wrong with the happy hour here. MY GAWD! Oh and to make it better, it is pretty much allll the time. Watch out for the frozen sangria though, it'll get cha! Take a seat on the misty patio, and service can be spotty, but nothing that my frozen sangria and a little portabella mushroom and brie fondue can't fix.... and its where the best people watching is!
4	My hubby's chicken nachos were the best nachos I have ever had. They just tasted so darned good for some reason. It was a plentiful plate and of nachos and a good amount of toppings. I had the bacon and tomato omelet, which was very good also. I enjoyed the butternut squash hash that was served with it. My one complaint was that the bathrooms are back by the kitchen and  this kitchen is kind of opened and it seemed like there was a foul smell coming from the kitchen. Not sure, maybe it was the bathrooms, the bar is right in that vicinity also, so maybe it was the bar. Reminded me of my days spent in the bars of Chicago. There was always this damp, yucky smell that seemed to permeate some of the old local watering holes; and this scent was similar. I am just glad that I visited the restroom after eating my meal and not before.
4	Grilled chicken on pretzels bun is delicious!  Always enough to share and love their desert blossom iced tea!
5	Great service and the breakfast was awesome,
2	Wow, I just don't know what to say. I think I will keep this review very short because there are so many things to say. Great food............but it was the WORST SERVICE that I have EVER HAD!
4	The name of this restaurant MAY conjure up memories of big unfriendly pills being shoved down your throat after a bout of flu... but I hope that it will now take on new meaning considering the non-flu-like scrumptiousness that takes place here! I stumbled upon reviews while looking up different breakfast joints in the Old Town area and I was impressed with the many menu options, so I took my friend here on a Saturday morning. We only sat waiting for about fifteen minutes, which was impressive. It's a big place and they have many seats.So back to those MANY breakfast options: Hello Waffles! Hello Omelets! Hello HEALTH NUT OPTIONS? I am that person who stares at the healthier options at a breakfast joint, telling myself that it'll be good-- or at least not filled with regret and coma-inducing ingredients. Unfortunately, delicious breakfast food is typically sprinkled with these for the utmost flavor and enjoyment. So, with my egg white selected, when the server comes around, I blurt out "Eggs benedict!" every time...ultimately failing. (But never disappointing myself!) This time, I decided to take a leap of faith because of the following: Roasted Turkey SandwichHouse roasted turkey, corn salsa & red onion scrambled with three egg whites. Topped with chili cheese sauce & avocado served open faced on multigrain. Served with herb potato & fruit.OK... I admit this has both cheese sauce and potatoes in it, so it's not EXACTLY an egg white omelet with spinach and mozzarella. Alas, it had tons of flavor and came in such a heap that I had to take half of it home! The chili cheese sauce and corn salsa really made the dish. My friend got the Belgian waffle with the DD hash and a side of their thick-cut bacon.  What is the DD hash? you might ask. WELL, it is butternut squash sauteed in miracles and tears of joy. There are some onions and spices in there too. I will be getting an item that comes with the hash option next time FO SHO. Mmmm.So the Daily Dose, overall, made me feel like I made a good life decision with the Healthy Nut options being just as delightful as the regular menu items all while introducing new twists on breakfast standards that really pop! I may have to start getting a weekly dose...
4	A couple Sunday morning brunch's here, and I am sold.  Other than it's location, I can't say good enough things about it!  The drinks are awesome, the food is fabulous, and the staff is on top of their game.  I've had a few things on the menu, and I've been completely satisfied with each one of them.  My girlfriends that I have gone with rave about the omelets, if you are into the "egg" thing. :)  Really though, great place, sit on the patio if you can.
5	I've been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and everything I've had was amazing.  I have at least had bites of their chorizo nachos, their salmon omelette with a side of squash bites, their peach pancakes, their chicken alfredo pasta, their veggie burger on an amazing pretzel bun, and their regular cheeseburger.  all were delish! my favorite drink is their swirl -- the margarita with frozen sangria
5	I love the Daily Dose... moved from AZ months ago and have not found a place like this in my new home.  The menu offers something for anyone so it is a great place to take co-workers or a first date.  The food specials at Happy Hour will leave you full with money in your pocket. The food is fresh non-traditional American fare.  My favorite is the Turkey Burger sub Blu Cheese Crumbles.
5	Probably mine & my bf's 7th time frequenting this establishment. From the mixed berry protein waffle to the chorizo eggs benedict this place is a must for breakfast. Yeh, you should really try the last. If you like chorizo you will surely enjoy the benedict dish. My bf always gets the breakfast nachos which I have to say are pretty darn yummy! The nachos consist of chorizo, egg, tomatoes...and all kinds of good stuff.Plus for us that they allow dogs on the patio. Most the time it is a bit tight with our 2 dogs on a busy weekend but today (sunday) we arrived at 7 a.m. and had the patio to ourselves.Service is at a decent pace any faster and I would feel rushed. Any slower and I would give this place 4 stars.Servers are friendly enough.We have also been here for lunch which is just as nice with good options. I had a strawberry chicken salad, tasty. Only complaint chicken was on the dry side. Overall, DD is consistent and that I like. We know we can expect yumminess every time we visit.
2	The Banana Bread French Toast was by far the best thing that came to the table and it warranted 4 stars. The Power Protein Pancakes sucked, super dry and bland despite being packed with berries - 2 starsThe Stuffed Portobello w/ Gouda and Roasted Red Peppers could have been good but it was completely drenched in oil, blech - 2 stars Overall disappointed with Daily Dose. Will have to keep searching for a great breakfast spot in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area...
4	great food, incredible portions.  they also have a healthy breakfast menu, which is great.love their salads and happy hour menu.   Probably my favorite breakfast place.  Great french fries.wheat pancakes with fruit are incredible.
5	LOVED LOVED LOVED this place.First, the service was impeccable. Our server was great and others would come by and refill our drinks and check up on us constantly.The breakfast portions are huge!! The standouts were the breakfast nachos (such a great idea!!) and the pancakes (so fluffy inside but with a light buttery crust on the outside). The hangover sandwich was tasty but overwhelming, it's all protein, which was yummy but left you feeling gross. The fresh squeezed OJ was great and a huge portion.They seemed to have great HH specials, but we never made it back.
5	Breakfast until 4pm. Hooray. Great menu, great service, great happy hour.
4	Location is key to this place.  Sitting on the street side patio offers great people watching opportunities.  An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast. The food was good, bacon had some spice! Potatoes were slightly undercooked, but the flavored coating masked it. The granola was a honey crunch granola which was enjoyable.
4	Have eaten breakfast and dinner at Daily Dose, both are quite good and the patio is a nice place to have a beer after work.  Chill atmosphere and none of the "scene" found at many other Scottsdale restaurants.  I go here often and the service is normally attentive and quick though breakfast may be a little slow if you are in a hurry.The green chile enchiladas are one of my favorites, would rate them a 5 except the rice they plate up with them is horrible, only bad thing I can say I have had here.  Good chorizo as well as lots of healthier options for breakfast.
4	I think I've found my regular brunch spot. Great portions, amazing food and drinks.. the only bummer is there can sometimes be a wait so you may want to get their early.  I recommend the strawberries and chocolate pancakes or the Cream Brulee Waffles and don't forget the Bloody Mary's!
5	Loved the place. Had the Turkey White-out. Yummer!  We will be back for dinner or lunch.  But they are really busy and the servers have a hard time keeping up but I think but they did their best. We drove from the NW  valley ! They were worth the trip.
3	I went here for the first time last week for happy hour and returned this week for more.  The first time was great - larger group, great service, and they easily split our checks.  The second time...not so great.  If you go for happy hour and sit on the patio, you WILL BE FORGOTTEN.  We were still waiting for most of our party when we were seated and got our waters.  Then everyone came.  Then THIRTY MINUTES elapsed.  Finally we went inside to request our server.  Another FIVE MINUTES elapsed.  We went back inside to re-request our server.  STILL NO IMMEDIATE RESPONSE.  Finally he came outside...without apologies or any acknowledgement that the new arrivals needed drinks, we all needed water refills, and oh...we were hungry!!!!So three stars - pros: great happy hour menu, happy hour goes till 8 (till 9 until Sept 30th), good food.  Cons:  Service is clearly questionable/inconsistent, beer selection is just okay and for the craft beers, they're still $4.50 - nothing special.Definitely will return - and will definitely request a DIFFERENT SERVER.
4	Brought here by our other Yelping buddies a few months ago and we've become regulars.  Some must haves are the chorizo eggs benedict, Belgium waffles & hangover sandwich.  Let me break this down by each meal because just mentioning them isn't enough.  Chorizo eggs benedict - the chorizo is from a local butcher and probably the best chorizo I've tasted aside from homemade by family and the hollandaise sauce is light and perfectly made, not strong tasting at all.  This meal is paired with the best breakfast potatoes seasoned to perfection.The Belgium waffles and full, fluffy and sweet.  Almost like eating a cake like donut.  Mmmm mmmm!Hangover sandwich is basically like putting the all American breakfast between two pieces of toast.  BAM!Basically a groovy place with rad food.  Be warned you may have a wait and if you have a pup you can sit on the patio with your doggy.  Our pals bring their dogs pretty frequently.Check it out!
5	WOW. I've been here the last three weekends in a row. Does that say enough right there? Discovered the DD from searching on Yelp! YAYWell, I've had the Caprese Omelet the last two times I was there. Perfection. All there omelets come with an abundant amount of food and the omelet itself is huge. You get a side of toast, herb potatoes, and DD hash or fruit. The omelet is served with a side of rosemary creme fraiche which I was skeptical of until I dipped my fork into that little pot of gold... then I smothered my omelet in it YUMMY. The DD Hash is seriously my new favorite food. It's butternut squash smothered in some secret blend of herbs and spices and oils that make me want to weep tears of joy. Seriously.My boyfriend has tried the Protein pancakes which are jam packed with fruit and other goodness. I also tried the Peach Creme Brulee pancakes which sounded more exciting than they were, but they are nonetheless DELISH.  I have yet to try any lunch or dinner here but there salads sound especially enticing! Can't wait for next weekend cause you know where I'll be.
3	I had a good time there, the brunch was good, was fun and it was a lil different. the service was not so bad. it is kind of small, so we had to wait 25 mnts for our table. they should have a bigger waiting room than that little room that fits 5 people. i would go back, just earlier. again good breakfast big, u can even share it HA, the food tasted fresh, the juice was maybe fresh squeezed..... sure will be back .!!
4	Breakfast, lunch, dinner...you pick it and you will be quite pleased. Breakfast Pros:  DE-LISH! I've had their egg's benedict, mixed berry protein pancakes, and southwest wrap...I LOATHE hollandaise  sauce but I could not stop eating it and were cooked to perfection...I don't think Paula Dean could beat that.  The protein pancakes were amazing as well.  They have breakfast drinks too which are also quite scrumptiousBreakfast Cons:  On weekends, the wait is unreal...and when you wake up after fun night out in Old Town, you either go somewhere else where they will seat you sooner or cure your hangover with a few of their delicious bloody marys.Dinner Pros:  Happy hour EVERYDAY during the summer from 4-8pm and it is really good.  Try any of their burgers (-$3 during happy hour) and you will be happy.  Chicken tacos are pretty amazing too and again super cheap during HH.Dinner Cons:  Can sometimes get slow and isn't as much fun as weekend brunch but if you're with friends, it doesn't really matter cos the food and drinks are great.Food gets: 4.5/5Overall due to wait times:  4/5
4	Went there for breakfast this Sunday and the experience was great. Arrived close to 10 am, there was no wait AND we got a table out on the patio. It was perfect weather for brunch outside. I'd say the only thing that put a damper on this experience (which has nothing to do with the establishment, its food or its service!) was the out-of-the-norm-LOUD people sitting around us. Oh well, it will happen anywhere right?The patio had a big TV right next to our table so my man was able to catch some football and ignore the loud mouths around us which was nice. The menu is amazing. How many places serve breakfast until 4pm AND have two pages worth of breakfast options?? My heaven. Our server was great. Had an awesome and energetic personality but wasn't annoying or overly helpful. She came when she needed to and let us enjoy our meal the rest of the time. I appreciate that. I wasn't the biggest fan of the cucumber water they bring out. I LOVE that they are taking the initiative to offer great services by placing either cucumber, lemon, etc... into your water BUT for some reason, the cucumber wasn't doing it for me that morning and I had to ask for a plain water. No biggie. We ordered the mixed berry protein pancakes and the stuffed portabello mushroom with redbell pepper, egg and cheese. A side of fruit, rye toast and cottage cheese. Lets just say, I almost didn't need to eat for the rest of the day. SO MUCH FOOD.  The meal after tip was around $27 and that is without mimosas or bloody mary's. We don't live super close to here so this will be a trip for when I'm craving those amazing pancakes! If you live near this place, its Regular Status worthy for sure.
4	Finally! I made it! I wandered in mid-afternoon - so the place was empty. I sat at the bar and opted for the "Old Town Stack" of sliced prime rib. The sandwich and the service was very good. I like the decor in here too - pretty upscale for a sandwich shop. Word on the street is that breakfast and happy hour here is remarkable.
4	Order the Chicken and Waffles. "Oh that's like Lo-Lo's." No it's not. Stop that right now.Lo-Lo's:Daily Dose = McDonalds:Delux burger. Are both popular? Yes.  Are both selling the same variety of food? Yes. Is the dish at the first establishment consistently better only if the consumer is 100% stoned? Yes. Similarities end there.These waffles are actually a cornbread hybrid, topped with green chili, shredded chicken, charred corn stew, a cream sauce, tortilla strips and avocado. (Thank you pagan god of soul food. Thank you.)
5	Excellent food! Hangover sandwich is huge! Great to share.
4	My wife and I were on a little getaway up in Scottsdale and decided to stop here for breakfast. It was wonderful. Be warned, the portions were pretty large and we both could have walked out with to go orders had we not been staying at a hotel. She got the crabby, which I think was a great deal since, it had two crab cakes atop an already sizable omelette. It wasn't surprisingly good. It was exactly what you would expect or hope for. No more and no less, which is more than i can say for most breakfast places. I would definitely get it again. I got the meat and cheese omelette. I'm a sucker for smoked gouda so this was everything i hoped for and more. My only criticism is of what this places refers to as the DD hash. It's skillet cooked mixture of butternut squash and sweet potatoes with some caramelized onions. It sounds great, but was surprisingly lacking in flavor. I attribute this to poor seasoning and a maybe a lack fo salt, but it won't stop me from coming back the next time I am in town. All in all this is a great little place with good atmosphere and a fun menu. It's definitely worth a try.
4	Went around 10:30 on a Sunday morning and didn't wait much more than 20 minutes for a table for 2 (first available.) Very quicks service to place orders and receive food-- a little slower on drink refills. The prices are decent for the location. It's a fun atmosphere and if you can snag a table outside, it would be a great place to take out of town guests or someone really looking to enjoy the weather during breakfast.I had the Lox omelette- smoked salmon, capers, and red onions. Incredibly salty (which is to be expected, but this was kinda unreal) but pretty good. The bloody mary wasn't my favorite, but then again I didn't try the bacon bloody mary.... maybe next time.
2	Have eaten here before, never any issues.  Ordered take out today, Grilled chicken on pretzel bun and iced tea.   The Desert Rose tea was really good, however the grilled chicken was very bland and the worst part was the chicken was so tough that it ended up getting wasted.  Out $14.    Should've gone to Gelato and Pizza Spot, their sandwiches are delicious (and less expensive). And their fountain drinks and iced tea are under $2!!
5	Great location, food and service. The atmosphere was great! We will definitely go back to visit!
5	Excellent food and good service. Had takeout dinner with salads and entrees. Both were excellent especially the salad. Will return soon for the happy hour.
4	I've wanted to try this for a long time!  Situated right on Scottsdale blvd in Old Town -- right in the thick of it.  Well, I got there right at 7am when they opened on a Saturday morning.  I was able to sit outside on their covered patio, and enjoy the lovely cool morning air...before the blistering heat melted me.  Fun and lovely staff, very accomodating, and cool.  The food was terrific, and I enjoyed their Veggie Hash (squash, onion, mushrooms) as a side to my smoked turkey & brie omelette.  Coffee was great, and the neverending refills was just what I needed.
5	Breakfast!  The best in Scottsdale and the atmosphere is fun!  Who ever says breakfast atmosphere is fun?  Nobody, that's one of the reasons this place ranks a little higher.
5	One of the best places for Breakfast!  My wife and I went here at least once a week!  Offers health options too!
4	Daily Dose has one of my favorite happy hours in Scottsdale. It runs from 4-8pm and offers great drink and food specials. In addition to their happy hour menu, they offer $2 off burgers and some other menu items from 4-8, so it ends up being a great dinner place as well. They have a couple of great menu items (including their burger and steak salad), and they have a chipotle ranch that is to die for. It's really busy for lunch and it can take quite a while, so I typically don't go for lunch unless I have a lot of time on my hands. Also, while everyone seems to rave about their breakfast, I don't think it's great. I've been there a couple times for breakfast and I've left disappointed both times. Maybe I ordered the wrong things, but it wasn't for me.Definitely go for happy hour if you're in the area, and sit outside if it's not too hot. The patio is great for people watching, and the food and drink is a great deal.
5	This place is an awesome place for happy  hour food deals.  Their drink specials are decent too . . . . but the Chorizo mac and cheese!!!  I dream about it.  The sauce is a bit soupy and there isn't a ton of chorizo meat its really more for flavor, but to me its perfect.   Spicy, cheesy, and yummy all in one dish for $5.  So their happy hour goes (I think) from 4pm-8pm every day.   They have a lot of $5 options for food, and all hamburgers (made with yummy pretzels buns) are $3 off.  Warm Brie, nachos, guacamole and salsa for 3.5 and there is TON of guac.  I was shocked when I saw the portion.  Go here now before they raise their prices and change their happy hour menu.
5	for me, the difference between a 4-star place and a 5-star place is some extra something, some WOW factor.  at daily dose for us that bump came in the form of the service.our server brooke was super attentive, and friendly, despite the fact that the place was packed - she made us feel like her only table.  she never seemed harried or rushed, despite taking care of so many, and made time for just the right amount of small talk in the midst of her professional and efficient service.  high five to brooke.food was very good and reasonably priced.  I had the caprese grilled cheese, which was a unique take on two of my faves - grilled cheese and caprese salad.  and judging by my empty plate, it worked.  i chose a salad as my side and was grateful and duly impressed by the thought and creativity that they put into it - rather than most places that just throw some sad, lonely lettuce on a plate and call it a side salad.  one of my companions managed to finish "the gladiator" and mumbled "very good" right before he passed out.  other companion just had beer, but was impressed with the selection.all in all, daily dose has it figured out.  they are a bright spot in the otherwise soul-less "old town" of scottsdale.  it is definitely worth the wait you will inevitably have - because the word is out!
4	This place was awesome!!  Went for the first time this morning for breakfast.  Had the Straight Shooter breakfast (2 eggs, pancakes, sausage, and fruit).  Daily dose is very accommodating!!  I'm pregnant and was craving one of my favorite things - Peanut Butter and Jelly Pancakes.  No butter.  No syrup.  Just peanut butter and jelly.  Asked what type of fruit they had, and they said it was a mixture of watermelon, grapes, and pineapple.  I asked if I could 86 the watermelon and get more pineapple - Wasn't a problem for them at all!  I got my eggs over easy.  They were a little on the runny side, which I didn't care for that much.  The sausage was tasty.  The pancakes though, awesome!  Buttermilk.  Nice and fluffy and pretty big.   Full tummy = Happy Mommy and Baby :) I shall return to Daily Dose!
4	Went to lunch here today and I loved it! It was cozy, my turkey burger was fantastic, and the service from Alejandro was excellent. I'd love to try breakfast but, alas, my time in Scottsdale is coming to a close. If you want simple, well-made food, DD is worth a stop.
5	Best blue crab sandwich! Great atmosphere and reasonable price point. Highly recommend!!
4	I mean I love a place that is kinda "fancy" that doesnt judge me when I order a Coors light with breakfast. Nothing wrong with being a hillbilly. And I mean along with that, nothing but good things to say! The service is good, the manager always comes and checks on the table to make sure things are ok, the food is consistent and tasty! always a good solid pick I say.
4	The first time was so good, we had to come back!  The Peach Creme Brulee pancakes wowed my partner both times... something totally addicting about the crunchy edges.  Their Daily Dose Hash is a delicious blend of sweet potatoes and onions, with so much more, making me wish I had the recipe.  The omelets are good, it's just that I want them to be better, to the point where I have to have them again.  Both the Caprese omelet and the Bacon omelet tasted like the listed ingredients were put into the omelet.  That is different from making the combination of ingredients to a whole delicious oneness.   I'm going to go for the French Toast next time.  The service the first time was a 10+ out of 10, with the 7am server being very friendly, very helpful and made the whole experience even better.  This past Weds morning, it was good, nice, perfect service and friendly... about a 9.  I really like this place and I'm going to go back a few more times to find the best dish.
3	Well, overall I have to give this place 3 stars.  We usually go for breakfast and try to sit on the patio as it seems less noisy.  A pet peeve of mine is not writing down my order and then not serving me what I ordered.  This has happened several times here where my order was not prepared as I had ordered it.  That being said, the breakfast nachos are probably the best thing I've had there. My husband loves the prime rib and eggs. We eat out alot and are always looking for a good breakfast place.
4	Chicken enchiladas for a weekday lunch, sitting on the patio, fizzy lemon beverage.  I'd do it again for sure...course the nachos might be calling my name next time.
4	This was a good breakfast stop. I ordered the meat and cheese omelette, which had a few meats along with smoked gouda. Delicious. On the side was a generous portion of potatoes and a cup of fruit, along with toast.The food was cooked very nicely, and the smoked gouda was the perfect flavor to go along with the rest of the plate.Just make sure you bring your apetite, since you'll get a lot of food.
5	Have been here twice now, and both times my tastebuds were tickled with delight. They serve breakfast until 4pm, which is a gift from above, as I love me some breky in the afternoon.  I ordered the roasted turkey omelette, sans turkey and instead with asparagus added, with onions and peppers and oooey, gooey, delicious brie cheese! Also comes with a side of rosemary potatoes, a choice of side AND toast.  Not too shabby for 10 bucks.  The server was sweet and accommodating and the coffee mug was huge...just what the doctor ordered.  Thanks kids, I'll be heading back for my Daily Dose very soon!
4	Great place to grab lunch. We walked in on a Thursday afternoon and were seated in less than 10 minutes, and that's awesome because this place is always packed. The hostess was very pleasant and took our drink orders right away. Our waitress was at our table to greet us in less than two minutes and kept coming back to make sure our drinks were filled and that we were enjoying our meals...and she was very cute! The food was great; Black Forest Ham Omelette for my sister, basic eggs and bacon for brother-in-law, and I had Prime Rib sandwich with au jus. Very delicious! Will come back for sure!!!
5	For breakfast this is one of the best places to eat in Scottsdale. Everything is good.  Service was great. They do give you way to much food, i would reccomending splitting something.   Breakfast Nachos, Peanut Butter N Jelly Waffles, Biscuits N Gravy, or the Omelettes
2	Ate there a few weeks back for the first time. My buddy had the hash, which was very greasy and over cooked. The waitress recommended breakfast nachos? Not that good. Chips piled with eggs, cheese sauce and then put under the broiler until it was completely dried out. TheAtmosphere and bar etc was very nice. But, not the food so much. My first and last time.
4	I can see why this place is named Daily Dose because I would probably eat lunch here everyday if I lived in the area.  My friend and I had "girls afternoon" and stopped in for lunch.  The place isn't very big and has a great vibe to it.  Dim lighting, oversized booths on one side, and some smaller tables in the bar area.  We opted to sit at the bar.  The bartender was friendly, answered all of our questions, and let us sample the homemade sangria.  For drinks we ordered a double bellini and for $8.50, it was a decent sized drink!  We started with a Caesar salad and it was just ok.  The lettuce didn't seem too fresh.  For lunch we both ordered the same thing.  I wish we would have ordered different things just because there was so much on the menu that I would have loved to try!  We went with the Chicken Cobb Sandwich.  Grilled chicken, bacon, avocado, and creamy blue cheese.  When I first saw it on the menu and saw blue cheese, I was thinking it was going to be blue cheese dressing, but it wasn't!  Instead it was thick and creamy.  The sandwich is huge and it is difficult to eat because it can get messy with the blue cheese oozing out.  It was delicious though!  I went with the sweet potato fries as my side and they did not disappoint!From the looks of the menu, this place has a killer happy hour!  I would love to try it out when I am back in the Scottsdale area.
4	It took me way to long to get to Daily Dose, and it's taken even longer to get to my review, but my one resolution this year is to get caught up!Stopped in for lunch with my husband since we were already parked nearby.  While the restaurant is fairly small, we were there at an off hour so no wait at all!  We shared the cobb salad and the ancho chili reuben.  They initially brought one salad and the sandwich was split for us.  I foolishly assumed the salad was to be shared until a second one came out.  Are you kidding me?  How big are these salads?  Pretty darn big, and pretty darn good.  Plenty of bacon and blue cheese, and no skimping on the avocado either.  Unfortunately, they don't come in half sizes which is too bad if you're not sharing because I can't imagine being able to finish one (and I can eat) and leftover salad just doesn't work.  Not to mention it's not easy for me to order a salad to begin with.  I have good intentions, but as I open my mouth to speak, something like "chimichanga" comes out instead.  The reuben was good, but a little dry.  Next time I'll ask for extra dressing on the side.I'm looking forward to going back and trying that french toast Julia T raves about!
5	My favorite place during our trip to Arizona.  Stopped by for breakfast and got the breakfast nachos.  INCREDIBLE! Who knew nachos could be so awesome with scrambled eggs and chorizo!  Also tried the banana bread french toast, really great too.
5	I had the gladiator burger for brunch which was a perfect med rare. The bacon was incredible along with all the cheese on the burger. The atmosphere was nice and the crowd was good as well. Worth your while if you're in Scottsdale.
5	Love this place. Their breakfast nachos are the best! My friends and i had Sunday funday here and there double mirmosas are strong and gets you going!
4	I finally got to give Daily Dose a try after a long night out in Old Town and it turned out to be just what the doctor ordered. We had a 30 minute wait for breakfast around 11am and it was well worth it. The free coffee they offer outside makes the wait a little more tolerable. When we finally got seated by the friendly host we enjoyed a nice outdoor patio hightop with a heat lamp keeping us warm. Everything on the breakfast/lunch menu sounded appetizing, but ultimately I went with the breakfast nachos. It was a pile of nachos with cheese, chorizo, scrambled eggs, and a side of sausage gravy. Not the healthiest of breakfasts, but a perfect hangover cure that tasted amazing. My girlfriend decided she was more in the lunch mood, so she opted for the Old Town Stack, which consists of shaved prime rib, swiss, horseradish mayonnaise & sweet onion slaw on a toasted pretzel sub roll. Also fantastic and I'd probably get it if I was here for lunch. She also went with the half regular and half sweet potato fries which got a thumbs up from us both. Check out the pics I posted to see what I'm talkin' about!Overall, Daily Dose was a great food experience, except for the unbelievably obnoxious table of eight sitting nearby who laughed incredibly loud nonstop throughout the entire meal. Seriously, I've never seen or heard any table like it in my entire life. Such "rude and thoughtless little pigs." Everyone on that patio was annoyed with them. Not the restaurant's fault though I suppose.
4	I work three hops from the Daily Dose so I had to try it as one of my first ventures out at lunch time.  We went a a little early which is critical if you are in a hurry as this place gets packed - the kitchen is fast but you might have a wait for a table.The first time, DS met me as he had a job interview (sigh....baby boy is growing up!) and we brought a cubbie buddy from work.  DH and I both had the Southwest Club Wrap,  It was a nice portion although I asked for mine without the guac and found the sandwich to be a tad dry.  I think I would have liked it better with a little something else to moisten it a bit. I expected it to have a bit more kick with the peppered bacon but it didn't.  So although it was a well-stuffed wrap, it was just boring to me and him (he did have the guac).   He had the pile of combo fries which he deemed to be quite tasty and I had the very generous cup of fresh fruit which was a nice mix of melon and pineapple.Cubby buddy ordered her fav from there - the eggs Benedict with turkey sausage.  It is the only thing she orders there so, of course, the next time I went, that was on my list.So here is visit #2 - I had to take a  new employee to lunch and it was on the boss' tab so back we came and I had my sights on those eggs.  Now they are worth coming back for!  I like eggs Benedict. Actually, unlike Julia Roberts in "Runaway Bride", I like eggs most any style but when you can take them and slather them with sauce well heck - they are just heavenly.  The Hollandaise is tasty - a little heavy handed but seriously that is what makes it so good.  And you will use that English muffin to sop up EVERY drop of it (before the days of YouTube, I would have licked that plate dry but you never know who is taping these days....). But what makes the eggs Benedict here is the turkey sausage.  I don't know whose they use - I am assuming they local source but maybe not - but it is just good. It is some of the best turkey sausage I have ever had - and I try it everywhere.  DH and I even buy our own spices and ground turkey and do our own in an attempt to make a really tasty sausage.  Whoever they use - it is good stuff - it is tasty like sausage but not overwhelmingly salty.  So now whenever I return to the DD, this is my go-to dish. Period.  It does come with the potatoes (meh - they are okay, nothing special) and I always opt for the fruit cup as it is fresh and a wonderfully sweet way to end a meal!
4	Only a 20 min. wait on a very crowded Sunday, that's much better than most breakfast spots around town. Really liked the small, unique feeling inside. We got seated at the bar and service was very attentive and fast.I had the turkey sausage omelette and ordered a chocolate strawberry pancake on the side. I literally could not inhale my main meal fast enough to get to that pancake. I was watching the whipped cream melt into warm chocolatey GOODNESS. Ok wait, let me point out that the turkey sausage omelette was very tasty. Melted mozzarella cheese with creme fraiche...mmm. But the pancake was tops. Soft, fluffy with yummy strawberries throughout. I don't know if it was anything special really, but it was quite tasty. Washed it all down with some orange juice and was one satisfied lady. Need to go back!
5	By far the best burger and...the calamari- Amazing!!! Nothing like it in PHX! We used to find the comparable in San Diego. Having a son that is a chef, we know food that is prepared by someone who cares and Daily Dose certainly does! Will be back ASAP!!
5	Four words: Creme Brulee Peach Pancakes. Get it. You can get a single pancake for only 3.25 and it's absolutely worth it! The banana caramel french toast was also amazing.
4	Really good food, good service and pretty well priced. Just really small place and no seating during the busy times of day.
3	Before hitting up the Scottsdale Civic Plaza for a Sunday A'fair, we stopped at Daily Dose for brunch. It is a popular place as realized by our 30min wait time and the group of people putting their name down for a table. We hung outside near the patio and admired all of the food they were bringing out. After we were seated, we perused the menu and I decided on the California club on a pretzel roll. I have to say that I'm not a fan of cucumber water, but that's a minor issue. Everyone's food came out and it looked really good. My sandwich was average, I thought the pretzel roll overwhelmed the flavor of the sandwich, and I ended up adding hot sauce to add some taste to everything. This is a really cute place though (much bigger than the outside lets on), and I would definitely give it a second try.
5	I love the Daily Dose!  The owner is there all the time and goes to all the tables to see if everyone is doing well and happy.  She's really nice.  I love the salads and hamburgers, the sweet potatoes fries are the best.  I also love the wraps.  Their bacon is amazing.  The atmosphere is very friendly and the place is super clean!
4	Yes, I can see why Daily Dose is so popular - from the wait area with free coffee and lounge chairs to the warm interiors and home style cooking - this place has a great vibe. I tried the corn beef hash, the turkey sausage Benedict and the pancakes with berries. All three items were delicious as was my Bacon Bloody Mary.  The presentation matched the homey feel but could have used a little more elegance.  Food a tiny bit on the heavy side.
2	We went to Daily Dose on a Saturday morning at 11:00 am. It was about a 30 minute wait, but they did have free coffee outside and the weather was nice - no complaints there.  We were seated in a large booth and a waitress came immediately to take our drink orders. They serve their water with cucumbers in it, which is unfortunate if you don't like cucumbers. I order the Shaved Turkey Melt (Thin shaved house roasted turkey topped with caramelized jalapenos & red onion, creamy brie & chipotle mayonnaise on sourdough. 9.99), which sounded very flavorful but was pretty lackluster. I didn't notice caramelized jalapenos, onions or brie - only turkey. The bread was pretty hard so it was difficult to eat. I would not return.
5	This is quite possibly the best brunch spot I've ever been to.  The place is cool and modern, the service is friendly (and quite attractive), and the food is unbelievable.  I had a chorizo omelet which was delightfully fluffy and stuffed not-quite-to-the-gills but just enough with picante chorizo, melty cheddar and red onion.  This omelet was amazing!  But it was not to be outdone by its accoutrements.  They serve it up with sauteed herbed potatoes that are perfectly seasoned and browned, and were some of the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had.  The toast is thick cut and deliciously buttered.  And the side of guacamole was full of rich avocado chunks and a hint of citrus.  But what really blew me away was the house creation of rosemary creme fraiche, an accompaniment that was the perfect complement to everything else on the plate.  Rosemary creme fraiche on your omelet?  Definitely.  Rosemary creme fraiche as a dipper for herbed potatoes?  Damn straight.  I am literally devastated that this place is almost 2000 miles from where I live.  Otherwise they would have a new best customer.
3	Other than the generous portions DD serves up, I don't see what all the fuss is about.We stopped in for breakfast mid-morning and we were seated promptly.  The tables at the booths for four (and we were only two) were too narrow and I felt like I was in my husband's face as we ate across from each other.  My husband ordered the roast turkey omelet which came brimming with real turkey, tomatoes, onions and brie.  He said it was quite filling, but didn't make a fuss about the actual flavor. I ordered the meat and cheese omelet minus the chorizo and asked that my omelet be cooked on the soft side. It didn't come out that way, and much to my disappointment, the bacon they use is pepper bacon -- but they don't tell you that on the menu. I had to send it back. To their credit, they were gracious enough to take it off our bill.What we most enjoyed was the DD Hash, a very tasty blend of butternut squash and onions, perfectly cooked. Absolutely delish! It's a little overkill with the breakfast potatoes that also come with the omelet. Start working on the DD Hash before you dig in to the others because they are so filling and yummy!Our server was a little aloof, and one of her coworkers stepped up to the plate to better our experience. Had it not been for her assistance, I would surely have rated DD a two.
5	I visited Scottsdale for the first time this past weekend and my friend took me to Daily Dose for breakfast. I was hooked! I ate there the whole weekend because there were so many things on the menu I just had to try. My favorite breakfast items were the pancakes and the hangover sandwich. The pancakes were fluffy and melt in your mouth. I will definitely eat there again the next time I am in town.
5	Was craving just these burgers!  I ordered the turkey burger and my friend ordered the classic - both were delicious.  Great Happy Hour food deal, we will be back.
4	I went to daily Dose on a Sunday morning so the wait time was about 40 minutes. However I  am slowly beginning to learn that if you want a good breakfast at a place that serves alcohol on a Sunday morning in Old Town you have to be prepared to wait a good amoutn of time. With that being said the food was quite good. I got the caprese omlette which was fairly tastey even though that amount of cheese became a little much at the end. Their meals are a good size though and I was sufficiently full (barely able to finsih my bloody mary at the end of the meal.) The atmosphere inside  is pretty cool and the outdoor patio is delightful if you are fortunate enough to get one of their few tables. The last thing is that while you are  waiting, which seems like a life time after a Saturday night out, they offer complimentary coffee and water out front of the door which was nice. I would reccomend this place for sure!
4	Fast and friendly service during a busy lunch hour.   We come here every time we are in Scottsdale.  If you come for breakfast you have to try the banana bread French toast.   All I can say is WOW.   They also have a great happy hour with cheap eats and great drinks.
4	We ate at the daily dose twice for breakfast and both times the food and service were excellent. Pleasant atmosphere and I recommend the breakfast hash. Delicious. We will definitely return next year during our annual Spring training trip.
4	Lots of spring ball fans here, I see SF gear everywhere!Ended up getting the Southwest Flannel Hash ($10):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HCCg-rVnHQ2FI6lHs_LvUQ?select=1x1RZ-jpHgil1l7aoTQ4zwI must say, this hash was very tasty!  The corned beef was cook and seasoned nicely, and the portion was generous.Ancho Chili Reuben (I think?):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/HCCg-rVnHQ2FI6lHs_LvUQ?select=iruecxnja3wL0c6uAKeVWQOnly got to take a small bite, but it was good.  Irrelevant complaint:  Didn't like the whole cucumber slice in the water deal, it was NASTY!  But that's minor and won't stop me from coming back.
5	This place was quite good! We went for breakfast and I ordered a mushroom and spinach omelet with potatoes, with the most amazing rosemary creme frishe (sp?). yuuummmmyy!!! My bf ordered one of the big burgers on the menu and said it was very moist but a little bland. The fries sweet potato fries were so good, especially with the creme frishe.
4	This is my new go-to breakfast spot when I'm in the Scottsdale area. Great food with friendly, efficient service.My friend and I went on a busy Saturday morning but we seated before  we finished our complimentary coffee. My friend had the hangover sandwich, which she loved. I had eggs, bacon (extra crispy, just the way I like it!), and really yummy apple and pecan pancakes. Hopefully I can have breakfast here again before I return to SF!
4	Had lunch on our quick tour through town. Service was good - food was great. Loved the Caesar portabella mushroom wrap. Good beers - wish we would have tried the bacon bloody Mary!
4	Now I've only gone to D.D for breakfast prior to this past Saturday.  I try to stay as far away from the area I work on the weekends.  LOL  With gelato calling my name, us still needing dinner, and wanting a burger than Thai food Saturday night...I suggested D.D.  We arrive and its pretty empty inside with one party of 8 seated a few tables over.  We sit down and wait about 5+ minutes for someone to come take a drink order (though someone had been around with water a minute after we sat down). A few minutes longer and J said he would have wanted to leave.  The water you get is cucumber water, with a slice of cucumber in it.  I didn't mind, but J thought it was terrible. The gal comes by and we order our beverages and decide on an app because they were on happy hour special.  The Chicken Pouches are very tasty!!! J especially liked the sesame orange and balsamic reduction sauce.  He's not a huge fan of wontons, but he liked these.  We both ordered burgers with the combo fries (sweet potato and crispy) - Mine - DD Burger w. bacon on the side  J - Gladiator.  These burgers were huge!!!  The bacon was especially tasty and I ate it separate from my burger.  J ate about 3/4 of the burger and said he was stuffed.  But said that the burger was good.  Portion sizes were generous.  And he would suggest it to his coworkers for one of their Friday lunch outings.  Will I be back?  Silly question!   Breakfast or Lunch/Dinner..this place is a winner!
5	I really enjoyed a happy hour at this joint last week. The bellini was delicious and refreshing. I loved the fish tacos (available in grilled or fried)- I had the grilled and was definitely satisfied. The happy hour lasts until 8pm!I noticed a few vegetarian options, or other menu options that could be modified. The veggie pot pie is something I will probably try next time, but I'll probably make sure I'm not the DD so I can have another bellini!The atmosphere is laid back and pleasant- we sat outside. The service was good, the food was good, the price was good. I'll be back soon.
5	Well, I feel dumb.So finally, after 28 years of living (or visiting) in Arizona, I venture to Daily Dose to meet a friend for breakfast on a Friday. Why did it take so long you ask? Well, I'm not for waiting in line for an hour for breakfast on the weekends.  I'm not really a fan (I'd rather eat lunch or dinner options) of breakfast and can't justify waiting that long. Anyhow, my fiend's schedule and mine happened to align where we could meet for breakfast and I suggested this spot cause I knew it would probably be the only time I would be able to walk right in. I picked a spot on one of the four high top tables outside and ordered a cafe caramel ($4.25) while I waited for my friend. The waitress brought me a water while I waited for my drink to be made and it came with a cucumber in it! I love cucumber water! A few minutes later and my coffee came out and it was super delicious! My friend showed up, looked at my drink and decided in a cappuccino, that she says was really tasty as well. For our entree, we decided to split the Smokey stuffed portabella mushroom that is stuffed with egg whites, roasted red pepper, and smoked gouda. Yes, I said smoked gouda!! It's served with fresh fruit and toast. We asked our super friendly waitress what we could get besides the toast and she started to tell us we could get cottage cheese, potatoes, or a sweet potato hash that has grilled onions. We opted for the sweet potatoe hash, like I'm sure you, dear reader, would have chosen. We also decided to split the Strawberry ginger snap granola and ordered an extra two egg whites . Oh my freaking gawd! Everything was so incredibly delicious, my friend and I couldn't stop talking about what idiots we were for not trying this place out sooner. The total for everything, and it was a lot of food that we couldn't even finish, was $31.00! What the bleep? All that delicious food and drinks for $31! This is the best place ever and I would so wait for 30-45 minutes (but not an hour) to eat here again. Everything on the menu looked delicious and it will be hard not to order what I had because it was so good, but I'm excitied to try out the other options,So thank you Daily Dose for making me feel like dumbass. Can't wait until we meet again!
4	Food is awesome, I have not had a bad meal or appetizer at this place yet.  Great menu, great happy hour every night!  My only critique, the service can be a little slow sometimes.  That being said, I still look forward to eating there this weekend..
5	My cousin, Tiffany F, recommended this place as one of the local gems to check-out while in Scottsdale. Man, I am so glad we headed to this spot after her wedding bash. This place had absolutely amazing (hangover) food. I had to put a "little hair of the dog" and started off our visit with an Absolut Peppar Bloody Mary filled with yummy garnishes such as olives, lime, lemon, and cucs. I had such a hard time ordering and finding out what I wanted that Mom and I split a sweet and savory dish. We opted for the Blue Crab Benedict and the Peach Creme Brulee pancackes. Holy schnikes...it was amazeballs. Fresh grilled peaches nesteled between two fluffy pancakes with a creamy vanilla anglaise and fresh whipped cream. OMG it was delectable. The blue crab was fresh, sweet, and paired wonderfully with the creamy hollandaise sauce. It was perfection. My pancakes came with a choice of fresh fruit, DD hash, etc. I chose the DD hash (i.e. butternut squash perfectly seasoned); I, at first, was a bit concerned thinking it was corned beef hash. However, I was not that disappointed because the flavors of rosemary, paprika, and other flavors brought out the delicious flavors of the roasted squash.I definitely will go back to Daily Dose when I'm in town. It's nestled in Old Towne, which is a fascinating part of town.
5	Wow...    The Mixed Berry Pancakes are out of this world good.,,,  My Server Angie was the best :-)
3	I've only been here once and tried the Southwest Wrap. The Pork Chorizo in the wrap was the worst chorizo I have ever had in a $10 burrito. I'd be willing to try this place out again, but I definitely don't recommend the chorizo. Phoenix Sky Harbor has a better chorizo burrito.
5	um as far as brunch goes, it does not get better in scottsdale!! this place is so good...i have tried so many different things on the menu and all of them have been amazing. They are really good at making things unique which i love. I have taken many ppl here and everyone still talks about it! This is definitely one of my top 2 favorite brunch spots and the other one is in chicago, so go here if you are in the area, it is worth the wait
2	This place is not good. I am sorry but the food is just blah, did ppl actually eat here before giving it 5stars?
4	Went there after work with friends for dinner and happy hour.  The food and drinks were quite good, and our waiter was super friendly.  A nice, clean little place with a mellow atmosphere.  Ill be back.
5	What a great place to turn your happy hour into dinner! Small plates make a great meal at prices under $7. One of the best places in Old Town where you can split a bottle of wine for $17.50, grab a few apps and be on your way for under $30! The service is always fantastic, the atmosphere is poppin!  Don't be afraid to bring your kids either - the menus is full of great choices and they'll keep busy with Rylan's puzzles.  Love this place!
4	This place has GREAT service, awesome food, great happy hour, and nice location.  Go here instead of Starbucks since they offer free Wifi.  I have never had anything here I did not like from the Oatmeal, to the Hummus, signature cocktails, and Sliders!
5	Good food, good drinks, good service. The soft pretzel bun for the burgers is delicious!
5	If I could give Daily Dose 10 stars, I would!! I have been going to this old town favorite since their doors opened and it has turned into my (almost) weekly happy hour, or breakfast spot! Everything on the menu is fantastic, from their southwest breakfast wrap, to their chicken nachos, to their delicious burgers served on a pretzel bun, you really can't go wrong!! Weekend brunch is PACKED, but don't let the wait, scare you off because it is definitely worth it!!
3	This is a fun place to eat, but just not my cup of tea.The service was very good and is what gets it a passing grade.Unfortunately, the food was very average. Everything was completely over-seasoned, so much so, that i could only eat half the food, and I was starving. Do not get the special hash and the potatoes on the same plate, they are seasoned nearly identically and would require you to drink a gallon of water to even attempt to finish it all. The quality of everything else though is fairly good though and i think this is why it is popular here. Maybe just stick with waffles and pancakes, they did look pretty good.It is hard to say that i would recommend this place, maybe i would if I knew that person loved over seasoned food. It is a fun place though.
4	Yum!  This was not my first time here and once again it did not disappoint.  Went for lunch today and it was fantastic.  Had the turkey sausage omelet with spinach and mozzarella and it was delicious.  The fruit that it came with was all ripe and sweet, which is not usually what I get at most breakfast spots.  Our server was super friendly and brought us all separate checks without us asking, which was greatly appreciated.  Looking forward to going back for happy hour sometime.
4	Some coworkers and I went here on Friday night for Happy Hour.  $4.50 soft pretzel appetizer? Yes please!  I'm a sucker for any place with soft pretzels.  I had the chorizo mac and cheese which was spicy but incredibly flavorful.  I would definitely dine here again but get a reservation next time!
5	After working at a busy breakfast spot, I know there is competition out there!  However, Daily Dose sets the bar.  Their breakfast is always hot, fresh, and delicious!  I recommend this spot to everyone!! Yum!
2	No longer dog friendly! Don't find out the hard way from the rude staff...
5	NO BETTER BREAKFAST IN AZ. From scrambled eggs to their blueberry pancakes. Top end. Yes, you pay for it. But it's special, like Valentines Day. Just pay out and enjoy the treat. Lunch is also nice, especially if you get a seat outside so you can people watch. Great wraps and sandwiches. Haven't tried anything later here yet. But I saw their happy hour specials and it is on my TO DO list.
5	We went to Daily Dose on a Saturday June 23 about 10am  when we got there the line seemed endless but the hostess told us it would be a 15 minute wait and she was right on. We sat at the bar which was great service. Food is amazing I had the chorizo eggs Benedict while my husband had the meat omelet with smoked Gouda both were amazingly tasty!,  have a mimosa make it a double and it's a perfect breakfast.   Hostess also took the time to come talk and see how we were doing. Really enjoyed it. We will definitely be back to try lunch or dinner next time.
4	Great breakfast! Love the lox omelet and the berry protein pancakes.
4	Very big fan of this restaurant. Always have people out the door when you are hankering for a meal to satisfy. The menu takes simple dishes and takes them to the next level. What got me hooked?? Read on...Chorizo eggs benedict DD style. What this means is that they scrap the holandaze* and english muffin and replace it with it's awesome cousin from 'Merica, biscuit and saussage gravy. I dont know about you, but when i think chorizo, i often think, "hmmm, why is this not covered in gravy and more saussage?"Full bar, great menu and location. Winner.
5	I've been here a couple of times and their food is wonderful! Their HH goes on til 8PM and their breakfast items are amazing! We got the hangover sandwhich and it was Great! The waitress even split the meal for us on two separate plates and gave us another cup of fruit. My friend told me to try the pancakes, since they are to die for. Will try that next time!
4	Daily Dose takes great pride in serving fresh food made only from the best ingredients, no shortcuts here! Now maybe you think this attention to detail means higher prices, but let us assure you that Daily Dose is more than reasonable with lunch entrees almost all under $10 and dinner entrees under $12. Want an even better deal, stop by during Happy Hour from 4pm - 9pm during summer and you will find many wonderful things on the menu at a price that won't break the bank.We stopped by last week during Happy Hour to check things out for ourselves and thought you might be interested in what we discovered. Now we like to think we know a thing or two about Happy Hour but we were overwhelmed by our choices on the Happy Hour menu. Can you say over 20 items specially priced just for Happy Hour?Read our complete review here...http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=749
4	I love this place... loved it better when nobody else knew about it!  Breakfast is always excellent.  Banana Bread French Toast (I'm not F'n with you) nuff said!!!  Happy hour menu is great too, try the calamari with the red sauce.  The Burgers and sandwiches are great too!  Hard to go wrong at the Daily Dose.
4	Love the location and decor of this place.  Ventured in based on Google reviews looking for a big breakfast and bloody Marys.  They have a full bar and a very big breakfast menu.  I ordered the blue crab cake omelet which was FABU.  Service was excellent...even though the server managed to pour some ice cold water on my foot!  Just the refresher I needed.
5	Wow this place is good, for breakfast at least. Took a sick day from work and decided to take a nice bike ride through old town with my bf and came across Daily dose. We were seated immediately outside on the patio and the staff was very nice. Every waitress that passed us asked if we had our drink order taken yet, although it was repetative it was being thorough. I love that they serve cucumber water and their orange juice is hand squeezed too. I ordered the southwest flannel hash, which was a wonderful, flavorful take on the classic corned beef hash. I loved this dish sooo much, I don't know if I would be able to order anything else on my future visits. The meat was cooked so well, along with the potatoes, tomatillos and onions. It came with 2 perfectly cooked and seasoned eggs and one of the best quality white toast I've had. The butter was even impressive and spread so easily. My bf got the chorizo omelet with potatoes and it was really good too. The waitress was very friendly and made sure to check on us consistantly. We saw that they have a great sounding happy hour and plan to come back and give it a try! I would recommend Daily Dose for breakfast!
4	Good Food, Good Service.  This place is very small, and the tables are very close to each other so it can get very loud very fast. The sandwiches come on pretzel buns, highly recommended. The happy hour specials are good, but the happy hour menu can be quite deceiving.
4	Really enjoyed the egg white turkey sausage omelet.
5	Favorite breakfast place in Old Town. Every dish I have gotten is great. Large portions so come hungry. Get the protein pancakes!!!
5	This place is awesome! Great service, beautiful ambiance and the food is amazing. This is my first time going for breakfast. Got the honey whole wheat protein mixed berry pancakes. Relatively healthy and delicious. Even the drip coffee was great. Definitely check this place out!
5	We went here this past Sun around noon for breakfast. About a half hour wait, understandable. I think its very smart of them to offer free coffee to the people that are waiting.We were seated at the bar, which was very nice. I was surprised at how spacious this place was even though its small. My husband had a basic breakfast (eggs, bacon, potatoes, & pancakes) except that he opted for the gingerbread pancakes, which he said were awesome. I had the veggie omelet w/ egg whites. Man, was it a large meal! A medium sized, fluffy omelet w/ swiss cheese, asparagus, peppers, mushrooms, and onions w/ potatoes, a good sized bowl of fruit, and an english muffin on the side. And it was all delicious. It even came w/ an herb creme fraise, which I wasnt exactly a fan of, but I like the sweeter versions.All in all, this place was worth the wait, reasonably priced, and delicious. I highly recommend it.
5	This is hands down my favorite breakfast place to go to now.First of all, they have fresh coffee outside that you can help yourself to. Secondly, there will probably be a wait but it's worth it and you can sip on coffee, sit in a big chair and people watch outside.We had the bacon bloody marys which you seriously should try. Amazing!We had the Hangover sandwhich and Southwest Flannel Hash. Both were superb and I couldn't finish the Southwest Flannel Hash but it made for amazing leftovers the next morning. The vibe inside is very trendy and fun. I loved the friendly service we received and will be back again and again! :)
3	Upon stumbling up and down S-dale road during our day rage in the sun, we popped into here craving some epic gourmet burgers. Delicious burgers we got, service was a little slow and off, and the beer selection was sadly smaller that we expected. Their menu was pretty wide, but nothing to ooo and ah over.
4	This place is a very chill wine bar. Came here after flying in for work and wanted something that would be light, have a good wine selection, and a nice outdoor patio/bar area. Daily Dose fulfills each of those items. You MUST get the bruchetta plate.
4	We went for happy hour for a drink & some chips and dip. I had the ginger elixer cocktailthat was absolutely delicious -  a mix of ginger liqueur & champagne. Very cool ambiance & friendly staff!
5	So many great options! Excellent omelettes, different kinds of batters for pancakes, and great coffee. The DD hash is amazing as well.
3	stopped in for lunch last Saturday and liked the casual aspect of the restaurant. my friend and i ordered salads right away and during our short wait, noticed flies all over the place. we were disgusted but too hungover to do anything about it. the waitress got my order wrong so I had to wait an additional 5-7 minutes for my salad. the dressing was bland and we ended up taking everything to go. i give it 3 stars because the staff was nice and attentive. probably won't be going back anytime soon.
5	This was my third time at Daily Dose and I have to say each time has been remarkable. The first time I went, I shared the breakfast nachos with a friend and jeez are they dangerously delectable. The nachos along with the bacon Bloody Mary should be a prescription for a hangover.   The next two times I got the Strawberry Mint Salad with Grilled chicken. The balance of Salad , goat cheese and strawberries are perfect. Not overly dressed , but each bite is flavorful and refreshing. I think I found my latest addiction. I will be back soon to get my daily dose.
1	What closes early on a Friday night in Scottsdale? DD does!  Without knowing it, we went there later in the night, not knowing what time they close-9pm.  We weren't really greeted by a hello or welcome but more like look at their watch and a sigh.  We said sorry, "Can we still come in or not, it's ok?" They still sat us. And we waited and waited, never greeted or acknowledged. Waiters racing back and forth never looking our way.  The place was full so not sure if this was their way to get rid of us.  Five minutes later,  we had to ask for our waitress which the one that seated us raced by our table several times ignoring us all together.  The only person that served us was the bartender.   She was the only bright person in the entire place! We ordered two drinks and the portobello and brie fondue plate.  Drinks were great.  The dish on the other hand was a bowl of what looked like soup, pieces of bread and badly cut pieces of tomatoes, cucumbers and carrots. None of the plate really looked good but we ate it. Very salty fondue. Not enough bread. Wasn't impressed.  Oh and there were typos in the menu!
3	Good, but the salad was not as good as remembered.  Still think its a great spot in scootsdale!
1	Snotty hostess and a rude waitress was the beginning of our 10 minute stay here. Sometimes attitude can be a little entertaining but these ladies were simply rude. We had asked to be seated outside but some genius had blocked the mister with their umbrellas so it was too warm for us to sit there. We asked to be reseated  inside and that's when it fell apart. They couldn't handle it and were clearly irritated at our request. Add a rude waitress onto it and we got up and left.  There are just too many places to go in old town. Why sit through this?  We didn't.
5	I love this place!!! The breakfast is huge portions with even bigger flavor and the happy hour is a great deal! My favorite dish: Chicken Nacho's (can be eaten as a meal)!!
3	Spent Labor day bumming around Old Town and stopped in for dinner.  Got a few things off the happy hour menu:- Shrimp Taco : OK.  Good size, shrimp were smaller, avocado was fresh.- Chicken Blue cheese slider: huge portion for 4 bucks.  Big half sandwich and full side of sweet potato fries.  Served on pretzel baguette, but I didn't taste much pretzel.- Calamari:  A knock out.  They should put THAT in the taco- Guac : Delish.  Great portion for the price.All in all we left stuffed and I feel like we got good value.  The service was attentive and polite.  no attitude here.  A good stop if you're looking for a local place where you can have an uncomplicated experience.
4	Had a great time tonight at Daily Dose! My friend and I originally set out to eat at Grazie but they were unable to accommodate my gluten free request so we moved on to DD! Thank goodness! We were promptly seated and received refreshing cucumber water and adult beverages. The waitress was nice, but could have been more attentive.We were present during Happy Hour. Started with the Chicken Nachos... So good! Definitely a big enough portion for a meal! Also, I ordered the traditional Kobe burger. The waitress was helpful and honored my request to it get my burger on a bun (although it is served on a pretzel bun, which sounds amazing!) without looking at me weird or asking questions as many restaurants do :(. Had a nice male waiter come fill my water while waitress was busy. He was personable and very polite; I appreciated the fact that he took the time to talk to me!The food was great and besides some noisy cars on the road, a great atmosphere!
1	What a come down! I've been to the Daily Dose quite a few times and have always had a pretty good experience but not this last time. Food was a mixed bag. Our favorite, Chorizo Mac and Cheese, was great and the pretzels were good, although we had to send them back because they did not come as requested, with butter and salt. My son's turkey burger was tasteless and dry. I ordered one chorizo taco, usually a fave, which came cold. Not just room temperature cold, but cold like just out of the fridge cold. The waitress was incredibly rude. We made several requests for plates so that we could share the food which had already been served without success. Finally, I asked the waitress for plates and she replied, "The bus boy does that" and walked away. I complained to the manager who did respond very well, pleasant and offering to comp the mac and cheese, but the waitress spent the rest of the evening giving us dirty looks and avoiding our table. What happened to professionalism? It was my son's last meal in the US before leaving for overseas and he had been so looking forward to it. What a disappointment.
3	dinner is unremarkable but decent. if you're looking for typical pub grub food, then this is a good choice. the staff is very friendly.the happy hour is definitely the way to go with specials on food and drinks from 4-9 - i'm not used to the generous hours on the specials.
5	One word..... Awesome!!! I consistently go here. Good is amazing and price is good!
5	Chicken nachos was awesome.
4	Holy, yum.  I was able to have brunch here, when I was in town for a wedding, and I'm sure glad I did.  For brunch, my boyfriend and I both ordered omelets. The omelets were pretty standard fair, but with big portions and cooked well.  This place really excels in the details more than anything else.  The water is infused with cucumber, which makes it refreshing and just that much more special.  With your meal, you get toast, potatoes and your choice of side, where most places make you opt out of potatoes if you want something else.  The meal came with a side of rosemary creme fraiche that was absolutely delicious.  I love rosemary and the condiment meshed well with both the omelet and potatoes and infused a rosemary tang.  The potatoes were cooked well, no soggy home fries here, and the fruit was a nice mix of watermelon, grapes, and pineapple.  But the real star of the show, and the reason I hope to eat here again is the jam.  Oh my goodness, this jam was homemade and absolutely excellent.  It was filled with fresh berries and elevated a normal piece of toast to epic proportions.  I want some more just thinking about it.The food is solid, the staff attentive and friendly, and the jam phenomenal.
2	I'm going to stand by this statement- if the manager has to bring  burn spray and lemons to your table, regardless of fault, you'd think maybe at least one thing would be comped (like a mimosa to ease the pain).  I'm also going to stand by my opinion that it was the hostess' fault for putting the menus on top of a precariously stacked set of sliver ware in the middle of the table, which in turn caused a menu to slide off and spill piping hot coffee all over my lap.I did not make a big deal of this incident, so many readers might think "well if you didn't say anything, you don't deserve anything. "  Let me point you back to the first sentence of this review.  Good service is good service and shouldn't require me whining about anything.  The brunch itself was pretty tasty, though the kitchen might not know the definition of what an over-hard egg is supposed to be.  I did like me my gingerbread pancakes, and there were some other delish dishes had at our table.  Food- 3.5 stars, service, 1 star.
3	I had a really great little breakfast one morning at Daily Dose. It wasn't anything mind-blowing, but it gave me a healthy start to my day and was reliable.The service was friendly (although a few times we were wondering where our waitress was), and I was thankful to have a decent cup of coffee sitting in front of me. After much pondering of the menu which is absolutely huge, I decided to go the healthy route & order the egg white wrap. For $9.99, you get the wrap with bell peppers, mushroom & spinach in a chipotle tortilla, served with pico de gallo, herb potatoes and fruit. The wrap was okay but the pico was completely necessary to add any flavor. The fruit was surprisingly good, but the potatoes tasted so strongly like herbs that it was hard to really enjoy them.Here's the thing... not everything needs to be a five-star meal. This spot is convenient for breakfast AND you can get something healthy, which I value a great deal. While I won't be dying to come back here, I wouldn't rule it out as a breakfast option the next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	I was inspired to write this review because I was in DIRE need of breakfast nachos and a hangover sandwich this morning, but alas, I live in Tucson now... and although I considered driving 2 hours to Daily Dose, I was starving.  I needed food and I needed it fast and there is NOTHING here that can even halfway compare to DD.EVERYTHING I have tried at DD has been nothing short of delicious! I already mentioned the breakfast nachos and hangover sandwich (which should really come with a side of Advil), but hey, sometimes I try to eat healthy and their egg white wrap & roasted turkey sandwich are amaze.  Oh & did I mention they have a crab cake benedict and bacon bloody marys? Holla!
3	Been here a few times, mostly has not lived up to the hype.  Decent food but it's hit and miss.  Long wait on the weekends.
5	Scottsdale's Best Breakfast Restuarant! I'm in here 2-3 times a week. Service is great! Food is out and ready within 5-10 minutes after ordering. Also, they have one of the healthiest breaskfast menues in Scottsdale. I highly recommend the "Protein & Iron" for breakfast. Added plus, it's right next to Starbucks for your morning coffee.
5	Mmmm, I love me some Daily Dose. I've never received poor service here, always smiling, friendly girls. Plus I feel like there's always someone around to refill waters or remove a dirty plate. Today our server was a doll. We stopped in around 2pm for a late hangover lunch. When I jokingly asked for 8 waters for my two thirsty girlfriends and myself (to convey our state of hangover) she didn't give any attitude about us not ordering alcoholic beverages or even a coke. She was very patient with the one in my party with lots of questions whose brain wasn't quite functioning normally yet. When I dine at DD I'm typically in the mood for breakfast, so most of my recommendations come from that portion of the menu. Don't miss out on their bacon Bloody Mary, chorizo eggs Benedict, or peanut butter and jelly waffles. Their burgers are really good too, and today I had the Old Town Stack (a prime rib sandwich with an onion slaw, horseradish mayo on a pretzel bun) that was pretty tasty. A few parting comments: I hear they have happy hour from 4-9 Monday through Friday. That's insane (in a good way!) And, YES this place packs the house on the weekends, so be prepared to wait. But it's worth it.
4	Great happy hour specials and a fun place to go with friends.
5	Great Happy Hour! Always fresh ingredients and large portions
4	Whether its a happy hour outing or a hung over brunch this place never disappoints. I like how there is a cucumber in the water and the wait staff is always very friendly! The portion sizes are pretty huge so depending on how hungry you are, you can take home some left overs!
4	Yummy breakfast and Madeline was a fantastic server.
1	Extremely disappointed in this restaurant. Solely came here based on the reviews which all fell short. The hangover sandwich did not have a full egg on it and when I requested avocado I was only giventwo slices on one side. I ended up just eating a avocado and bacon sandwich due to the lack of ingredients. As for my "double mimosa" it came in the smallest glass with the weakest contents of champaign. Yet another let down was the horrible service by our waitress. She failed to bring out water or check on us consistently but paid little attention or our requests. I have had better customer service in McDonalds drive thru to say the least. This place will not be getting my service again.
5	Our favorite neighborhood place for breakfast,  lunch and dinner. Best service of any retaurant we have been to everytime!
5	Sunday Funday started out fabulously thanks to this amazing restaurant!We started with an appetizer of chicken nachos... and MY GOD. The "appetizer" was a plate big enough to feed three hungry females and STILL have leftovers. I'm super picky when I order anything and all of my orders end up being a complicated mess (Can you substitute this? Can I have this on the side? I need dipping sauce.) Our waitress - I'm so bummed I can't remember her name - was the sweetest lady. She was so patient with me and brought out the food exactly how I wanted to see it. Everything was incredibly delicious, too.Then, to top it all off, apparently they were closing early for their company holiday party. We started noticing people disappearing from the restaurant and we asked the manager if they were closing, to which he replied, "yes, we closed at 2pm." It was 3:30 when we looked at the clock and I couldn't believe it! They let us sit and enjoy our meal without making us feel rushed or even mentioning their early closing time. That was stellar customer service and I would give them 10 stars for that if I could.Try this place - you will LOVE it.
5	Great service.Great latte.Brunch was wonderful on the patio.Crab cake Benedict yummy.Manager made a point to visit the table.
4	I loved the peach creme brulee pancakes.  Every year that we come here, the pancakes always win.  It should be free if you can finish the meal, like if you can finish the massive steak at that steakhouse in the Texas panhandle.
1	This gets the award for "most overrated place" in old town!  DO NOT eat here for breakfast! You will wait longer than they tell you, and then even longer for food and most of the time it comes out cold.  They always seem to be understaffed so service is not what it should be!  They definitely need to work their stuff out!
5	Great menu and great ambiance.  Coming for a trip from a small town the upscale look/vibe is fun to see.  The coffee was delicious, service great, and food excellent.  Eggs benedict was much better here than the Breakfast Club (according to my Husband) I had something a little healthier with fruit.  Portion sizes were generous.  We really enjoyed it here.  Well done!
3	The food here is consistently REALLY GOOD.  It's nothing fancy - burgers, salads, etc - and the decor is pretty marginal.  But that aside, it is one of my favorite places to go with my husband when we just want a simple, delicious meal without all of the hoopla of getting dressed to "go out".  We usually just skip past the hostess and sit and the bar and watch a football or basketball game, and the staff has always been friendly (although when we do actually sit at a table they could be a bit more attentive).  Also, I've yet to have something I dislike, but the favorites have to be any salad with their house dressing (cilantro-lime) and my husband loves the gladiator burger on the pretzel bun.  The fish and chips are amazing entirely because of the slaw they serve with it - no mayo, all yummy vinegar-y spicy-ness.  I would buy that stuff by the gallon if they'd sell it to me. Reason for only 3 stars:Sometimes the staff is a little TOO comfortable.  If there aren't a lot of patrons in the restaurant, they will just have their conversations (usually gossip) right over your head - one even belched while we were at the bar.  Another slight downside -  they play annoying top 40.Overall - a great place for a tasty meal with an easy feel.
5	I have been a fan of this place since it opened. The Hangover Sandwich is fantastic. They are very consistent in the quality. On weekends you can expect a little wait, but it's well worth it. Every time I have family in town, this is a must. And they just opened a new location in Phoenix right behind my work!!! I highly recommend checking this place out.
3	This was my 2nd visit at the Daily Dose, both are on Saturdays, both are for brunch, and both times the wait was about 20 mins. You know it is a popular brunch place, and of course in a good location as well. However, as the services were pretty slow for both times and the food did not 'wow' me at neither times, I just have to give an average ratings... What I like on both tries? The orange juice! Yes, it was fresh and delicious! The Prime Rib omelette was pretty good as well, especially if you add a few drops of Tabasco for a spicy hint, it just tasted better! However, what I did not like, the Smoked Salmon Egg Benedict... The dish arrived kinda cold, feels like it was sitting on the counter longer that it should have, the english muffin was over-toasted which it became hard to cut,  the poached eggs were not done so well (i think they were too flat by the shape?), and there was too much of the Hollandaise sauce on the top and it just stole the taste of the smoked salmon... how I wish it was better.If you are in the area and look for a place for breakfast/brunch, Daily Dose is still a good choice, just be prepared for a wait on the weekend and avoid the Egg Benedict?
5	I cannot begin to tell you how much I LOOOOVE this place. I literally go here every weekend for brunch/lunch. On Sundays the wait time for brunch can really get up there so I recommend going on an off day or later into the afternoon. This is a great spot to sip on a mimosa, enjoy brunch with friends, and see where your Saturday/Sunday will go!Must haves:- Tacos (CHORIZO IS AMAZING, mahi mahi is good too)- Daily Dose burger (I DREAM ABOUT THIS THING... bacon, cheese, basil, chipotle aioli... combination of amazingness but beware you won't have any room to eat anything else for the rest of the day)- Shaved Turkey Melt (carmelized jalepenos and brie... need I say more???)- a healthy alternative = turkey sausage white-out. Amazing breakfast if you're looking for something on the healthy side- Breakfast nachos.... one word = HOLY CRAP. Okay, that's two but whatever. Amazing.
3	The food is good and the portions are very generous. Not a big fan of the bloody marys but its a good spot to go to with your guy because they have TVs on the patio (and god forbid he miss his sunday sports). Just be prepared to wait 30+ minutes on the weekend.
5	The place is great for breakfast and lunch, never had anything here that was even close to being bad. The breakfast nachos, hangover sandwich and DD has are awesome. Ever server we have had has been super nice and never gets irritated when I ask for soy milk for my coffee, like so many other places. Portions are huge and very well priced.
5	The atmosphere here is comfortable, and familiar without being overly so. The prices are extremely reasonable, steak and eggs for $12.99, not in NOLA..
5	This review was over due --  came here for a nice brunch after reading reviews.  We asked to sit outside and were seated immediately.. Was a nice day so could enjoy the outdoors. The waiteress was friendly And gave us a good suggestion.The food was not only great in presentation but it tasted great too - definitely worth having brunch at .
3	We won a gift certificate and decided to try out Daily Dose for lunch. The food was just alright, nothing to write home about. My husband had the Kobe burger and I had the chicken tacos. The service however was excellent; my order didn't come out the way I was expecting, and they remade it for me no problem, and were very happy to do so. We may or may not come back again, we were honestly hoping for some tastier food, so we'll see.
5	This is just about as good as it gets. Friendly, attentive staff, chic-but-not-snotty upscale atmosphere; great menu...and about a mile from my house, so I can walk there. Stopped in Saturday afternoon for some take-away chow. Syrina exemplifies outstanding service. Loved the Mahi Club. Very nice, Daily Dose!
4	Received recommendation from BeSpokeInn to head there for a late lunch on Monday. Fantastic service and it was delicious to enjoy an omelette at near 2pm. LIght, full of flavor and perfect portion. Again, I was there during early afternoon, only 3 other tables of customers, but I can see from the large layout, it would get noisy and crowded very quickly come evening. I highly recommend for late mid-day meal..not sure during the evening hours. Still prices were reasonable, food was delicious - service was friendly and present!
5	One of the best places for breakfast in town. Little bit of an urban feel. Nice patio. Good service. Yummy pancakes, eggs, bacon, mimosas, fresh coffee. Yum. Wish it was a Sat. morning and I was there right now:)
4	There is nothing like having Brunch anytime you want to! I came into this cafe on a cold Thursday afternoon and it was a delight. As a restauranteur, I truly appreciate great service...our server Brooke was awesome and she definitely contributed to our experience. We started our brunch with a delicious cilantro Jalapeno Edamame Hummus, it was a great idea, however, the consistency reminded me of falafel mix (a little grainy). I ordered the Prime Rib Benedict and my friend ordered the Rosemary Steak and Eggs. The rosemary creme friache and the harissa aioli are must have condiments. Overall the ambiance is nice, the service was great and the food was good. Excellent location and patio seating is available...
3	Came her today for a late brunch with the boyfriend.  This place is certainly busy and you should just expect to wait; there were only two of us so 20 minutes was what we were told.  I really liked that they provided coffee and water while we waited (although the water tasted terrible).  Once we were sat we were greeted by a really friendly waitress who was very attentive the whole meal, kuddos!  The mimosas here are really great, you can definitely tell the orange juice is freshly squeezed with just the right amount of pulp.  Food took awhile to get to the table but was worth the wait.  I ordered the chorizo mac n cheese and my boyfriend ordered the hickory ham eggs Benedict; my dish was tasty but I felt they skimped on the chorizo, the eggs Benedict was really delicious though!  The side of fruit that came with my meal was enormous and mostly delicious; I could tell that some of the watermelon pieces were beyond freshness.  Overall we had a really pleasant meal but I don't think I'd ever go out of my way to return.
4	Great breakfast;  omelets, chorizo, pancakes, etc.  We had a great meal and a cool atmosphere.
5	Smoothies, smoothies, smoothies! That's what it's all about.  Mango and peach was very good. Hangover breakfast sandwich was delicious and you don't actually need a hangover to eat it, as it goes. Real solid brunch joint.
4	I went here for breakfast and was a little wary because I don't like eggs and most breakfast menus are full of nothing but eggs.  One thing on the breakfast menu really stuck out to me - banana bread french toast.  I may not like eggs but I LOVE banana bread.  Add some caramelized bananas on top and some vanilla sauce and caramel sauce AND nuts?  Now that just sounds like heaven.  And it was.  There were 2 full slices (I ate one for breakfast and took the other home for lunch).  I opted for the side of fresh fruit (I can't remember what the other choices were) and this was good also.  Their ice water has cucumber slices in it - different and refreshing!  I would definitely go back.
1	Sat down this am. Waited almost 20 minutes. No one ever came to our table. We asked for service 3 times. Still no one. Very poor management. Won't go back.
3	Food is decent.  Not sure why people go crazy for it.  Bad service.  Decent American food.get
2	I remember this place having a decent breakfast but we hadn't been in a while. My husband and I decide to come on a Saturday morning. I'm not sure if they were ill prepared for this particular Saturday, or if this was the norm, but the service was disorganized, and almost nonexistent.There was no one at the hostess station when we arrived. After about 2 minutes someone noticed us and seated us, but then brought no menus. A different server arrived about 10 min later and asked if we needed menus. I said yes, no one has been over yet. She asked if we just walked in and seated us ourselves and we said no, someone seated us here. So yet a third person arrived, to take our drink and food orders. She brought our water and coffee but we waited quite a long time for our food to arrive, and breakfast foods usually arrive very quickly so it seemed unusual. The kicker was that no one came back ever to check on us so when my husband wanted a refill on his coffee he had to get up and get it himself. During a Saturday morning breakfast service, I find this absurd. A coffee cup should never go empty, just like a water glass. Yes, the food was good, but as I've said before, I have food at home that I can cook myself. I pay money to eat out for the ambiance, convenience, and good service as well as the food. If service is poor I'm not going to bother going back for my time and money.
2	it was early...saturday. the wife and i cruised up to Daily Dose for a breakfast morning out. the place was relatively slow when we arrived. which is why i was a bit miffed at how below-average the service was. like the good patrons we are, we waited to be seated. once seated, we waited....and waited...for menus. then waited...and waited for any service. then waited....and waited...for coffee (which still is some of the best restaurant coffee i've ever had). then waited....and waited....and waited....and waited....for our food. then waited...and waited...and waited....for our water and coffee to be refilled. so i got up and tried to find it myself. the food is good. the breakfast potatoes are delicious. i ordered the mixed berry pancakes and they were tasty as well. our server was friendly but there was just a lack of it. i guess after 2 tries, we'll stick to our other breakfast hangouts.
1	We are giving this one star just because of the service we received. After our meal we asked for the bill and it took our waitress a long time to bring it...probably about 10 minutes. We then asked for a to go box. When a long time had passed I asked the bus boy for one and he brought it to us. A few minutes after that the waitress finally came back with it and said "oh you already got one." I then gave her the bill with my credit card. It took her awhile to come back with this too, and meanwhile our 1 year old is getting cranky and starting to cry. She finally comes back and says the card machine is down and it will be just a minute. After another 10 minutes passed we found the manager and he said they were working on it and it would be done shortly. Another 10 minutes went by and we grabbed him again and he brought us a piece of paper to sign and said he would run my tab later. Never apologized, didn't offer to comp any part of our meal. Nothing. And it took about 30-40 minutes from the time we asked for the bill until the time we left. All with a screaming baby.
4	We brought a group of seven to Daily Dose yesterday.  Living in Chicago, I am lucky to have dozens of great brunch places close by, so I'm spoiled a bit.  However, DD was certainly very good and in most places, this would be my go-to spot for breakfast chow.As others seems to have mentioned, the breakfast nachos are ridiculous.  The chips are tasty but more importantly they are solid, sturdy bits that are required because the eggs, chorizo and cheese on top would have broken weaker chip siblings.  A number of us took a bite of the chorizo and had that "WTF!" look on our faces because it was so good.I ordered a turkey sausage omelet with fruit.  The toast wasn't great, but the omelet, home fries and fruit were pretty good (although the pineapple was a little out-of-the-can syrupy, if you are a Dole pineapple rings person!).  Prices were fair for the large portion size and the staff was fantastic, including a manager (or maybe the owner?) who spent some time sharing laughs at our table.DD certainly draws a crowd in a tight window around the 10-11:30 AM block, when folks are looking for chow before heading out to day games.  But otherwise it seems like it's easy to slide in for brunch.
4	7:30 on Sunday morning is the time when the Daily Dose shifts from being a serviceable and pleasant upscale eatery to being a magical experience. The staff has had a few minutes to get into the groove; the tourists aren't up yet; the sun pours through the east-facing windows. It has the feel of a pub-like local hangout in a charming urban neighborhood.This is a restaurant where it's a good idea to settle on a couple of dishes that you can't get elsewhere. The overall cooking is in line with the ambience and price range, and there are a lot of $12-$20/person bruncheries in this region. The major reason to show up is to wallow in what they do particularly well.My personal vote starts with dishes that involve scrambled eggs. I don't like eggs all that much, but oh goodness, Daily Dose eggs... light and fluffy and NOT greasy and NOT chewy and really quite delectable to gently inhale. The originating chickens would preen with pride at these scrambled eggs. The rosemary steak is a breakfast steak, and it manages to actually be "medium" (not always a no-brainer with the thin steaks), and isn't loaded with fat, so I'm quite, quite content with having started there.Avoid the biscuit. It is leaden and, peculiarly, grilled. I felt that the berry-laden blueberry jam was wasted on the biscuit.Next time, I'd try the breakfast nachos on the strength of the scrambled eggs.
4	I've never beebread disappointed in my many visits. My favorite old town diner :)
3	The turkey burger is a house special, but this visit so-so. The sliders looked better, so maybe I had slider envy. Small place and decent service.Inexpensive, but parking is an adventure.
1	Horrible service. Went in to order a simple smoothie, gave out order in waited ten minutes until the one guy came back to inform me that they ran out of strawberries and peach. So I changed the order again. It's been a good twenty minutes to even get a simple smoothie. It's sad that when you hear good things about a place and your first experience wasn't what was described to you it was much worse then expected. All the employees rather sit around and talk to each other instead of getting on there own shit and want to improve the business. All I have to say is for my first time I refuse to go back. I rather go to a little shack then here.
5	Stopped in here after a long run in the morning on a weekend.  We waited for a patio table which took a little while-which we expected as this place looked packed every time we passed it during our trip.  Food 4.5/5-We shared the hummus plate which was a little different than normal, not our favorite but still good-I had the chorizo benedict which rocked-My g/f had the southwestern breakfast wrap (not sure on the name) and it was BOMB!Service 4.5/5-No complaints, server was niceatmosphere 5/5-Right on N. Scottsdale ave, outdoor seating was very enjoyable, restaurant has a tidge of trendy/hipster but overall not overboard, just a nice place all together.Prices aren't too bad either, you get a great meal for not too hefty of a bill.Definitely going back
2	We first tried Daily Dose a few years ago, liked the menu and loved the food. But as time passed, the restaurant has become the epitome of mediocre. We tried it again a few days ago and though it was not busy the server...while fairly attentive...forgot a drink order. More importantly, the food was bland, bland, bland. The description of the corned beef hash seemed great, but it was tasteless. And the "over easy" egg arrived crispy (i.e., waaay overcooked). The biscuits and gravy was strangely sweet, no taste of sausage and...bland. The coffee tasted like the pot hadn't been cleaned in weeks. None of us will ever go back.
5	One of the best brunch restaurants hands down.  Great food, great selection, love the outdoor seating n coffee/juice bar while you wait.  Staff is friendly and knowledgable about the menu/food.  Great mimosas!!
2	ZuZu? Orange Table?  D'lish? The Breakfast Club?  OR Daily Dose?  This is what my husband and I pondered early Sunday morning as we planned to meet another couple for brunch.  After reading numerous Yelp reviews and a few other sites, Daily Dose was the decision!  The four of us were seated outside at a raised table.  Nice!  Inside seemed really claustrophobic and dark, so to be outside was great.  Our waitress was slow to arrive, but time passed easily as we were caught up in conversation.  I had read that Daily Dose had the BEST Bloody Marys in town.  So we all ordered one.  I love celery in mine, but I guess they do not garnish with celery, but the waitress said she would do it if I wanted.  We all ordered them spicy too.  We couldn't wait!!!!!!!  But we DID wait........and wait.......and wait......and wait, well you get my drift.  They finally came!  With a green onion as a garnish!?!  OK, Celery?  Oh, it WAS in there, just a tiny short piece that was halfway down the glass.  Well, she did have it in there.  The menu item choices were impressive!  They looked so creative!  I was excited to order! We ordered the breakfast nachos, which everyone on Yelp raved about!  We also ordered the eggs benedict with prime rib and the Southwest Flannel Hash.  And then we waited, and waited and waited......EVERYONE on the patio had no food.  NONE!  I love looking at what other people have ordered, but not one person on the "packed" patio had food.  Not in any stage- just starting, just finishing, in the middle, nothing.  Many did not have anything but water.  I couldn't believe how long the service took.    FINALLY, our food came with no apology of how long it took.  My husband and I shared our order of nachos and prime rib eggs benedict.  The eggs benedict looked good, but when I cut into it, it was a snotty, white mess of undercooked egg white.  In my experience, the only runny part should be the yoke, right?  Well, although I would have preferred the white to have been cooked, my husband and I ate it anyway.  The prime rib was virtually nonexistent.  The breakfast nachos were a HUGE disappointment.  The chorizo was more like flavorless ground meat.  No zing or heat.  The scrambled eggs on it were dry, overcooked, and tasted of sulfur - which is what happens to scrambled eggs when they are over cooked.  There was supposed to be mozzarella cheese on them.  Where?   I don't know, but the nachos were covered in a gluey sauce that I assume was supposed to be a nacho cheese of some sort?  There was also a cup of the gluey sauce on the side.  I guess they felt we needed more? The chips were so greasy, most were translucent.  We didn't eat most of it, just tried to pick and find the edible parts.  By that time we were so hungry and who knows where our 18 year old waitress was to make a complaint anyway.  My friend's Southwest Flannel Hash, which she let me sample, were the WORST I ever had.  I mean how can you mess up corned beef hash?  There was a weird sweet component to it.  She did not finish it, which is odd because she loves corned beef hash and always finishes it.  Her Husband had the prime rib eggs benedict like I did.  He is in the restaurant industry and manages a very popular resort restaurant and he was not happy with his meal at all.  Especially the prime rib part.  I was with him on that one.  To wrap up our  two and  1/2 hour brunch  experience (yes it took that long from start to finish due to slow service) Daily Dose was flat bland, busy and overpriced.   Sorry brother and sister Yelpers, I am in disagreement on this one.
1	Food is okay, but WORSE SERVICE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!! The management sucks, as well as the servers. Also the place is veryyyy dirty. I would not eat there!!!!!!!
1	Chicken Nachos and Steak Salad is good but the service is TERRIBLE! Not friendly at all...one of the waitresses was SO RUDE I was shocked at how they can have an amazing location with terrible service.
4	Love this place. My wife and I discovered The Daily Dose several years back. The omelets are so good. The chorizo is my favorite and I know it is sponsored by local cardiologists.  Job security. But since we hike Pinnacle Peak before brunch here we are safe!And speaking of mountains, try the pancakes. Great coffee served in a bowl.The servers are on top of it. Each spring break we look forward to Daily Dose in The Valley of the Sun.
4	This is a great spot for lunch in old town. Salads are good and good portioned. Sandwiches are also nicely portioned. They have expanded so it is much larger now. I had the Prime Steak Salad and it was prepared perfectly and had great taste.
5	Breakfast several times. Always fast friendly service.  Great food. just really like this place!  I must add We don't go at prime time -10 am on Saturday or Sunday. We go early like 8 am : ) no wait whatsoever!
5	I've been to Daily Dose several times and I've never been disappointed. My most recent trip I ordered the chorizo mac & cheese. I love chorizo, I love mac & cheese, and the combo is great. The cucumber water to very refreshing and a nice break from the standard water with lemon. The staff is always helpful and I've never had to wait for more than 5 minutes for a table. Will definitely be back.
4	The food is pretty good here, and the soft pretzel and cheese is excellent. There's great breakfast and lunch options. I've had good & bad experiences here with the service.
5	Stopped here in Old Town on April 5th after early flight in.  Outside tables were full so we sat inside.  Very nice atmosphere, servers very pleasant and checked in frequently on us.  Husband had the chorizo scramble which came on a large oval plate with potatoes, toast etc.  Looked great and got 5 stars from him.  I had the smoked salmon bennie, also delicious and very comparable to that served at many restaurants in nyc.  I usually stay away from breakfast fried potatoes, but these were excellent crispy on the outside and soft inside AND not greasy.  Coffee was especially good here; maybe they use the Starbucks from next door?
5	Amazing breakfast choices. Delicious food. I highly recommend the crab cake platter and protein pancake. Heaven!
5	Everybody loves Daily Does!  The lines say that every Saturday and Sunday morning.  The food is much more fresh than any breakfast joint I have been to.  It's in a great spot in Old Town too!  Also, their pretzel buns...LOVE.
4	Favorite breakfast in Scottsdale. Delish ish! Great healthy options and kids love the Gingerbread Pancakes.
5	All around great breakfast spot!
4	I've been here a few times.  The food is always good and the service is awesome!  I've always been sat quickly, drinks are always quick to arrive at the the table, which out here when it's hot is one of the best things to happen in a restaurant.The Chorizo Mac & Cheese is fantastic! I've also had the fish and chips, I love the red cabbage side that comes with it.  I alternate between sweet potato fries and crispy fries.  The ranch is fantastic, it's a chipotle ranch.  I keep saying I'm going to try a hamburger but I just have not got around to it yet, because there are so many good things.One of the best things is they have happy hour everyday from 4-9pm and it's quite a large happy hour menu!
5	This is my favorite breakfast spot!  The menu is so diverse and the food is delicious.  The Bloody Mary's and coffee are good too.  They also open early which is nice.  too many good breakfast spots don't open early enough to be breakfast and not brunch.I have yet to come here for any other meals or to enjoy the drinks that look incredible but I will soon :)
5	Incredible breakfast here. Even though it was 80 degrees, I sat on the patio on a high table and an umbrella. Service was good except the female manager spent waaay too much time at the table next to me. I had the impression that she was the girlfriend of the handsome gentleman sitting there or wanted to be. Aside from her presence, the atmosphere was quite pleasant. Ignoring all that, the breakfast was great and the portions were huge.
5	Wow, how have I not written a review for here yet!This is by far my favorite breakfast spot in Old Town. I go mainly for breakfast/brunch but I've been for lunch and dinner too and all have been good. Expect a wait for breakfast on the weekends but it's usually only about 20 minutes, and it goes by pretty quickly. They have chairs and water and coffee outside while you wait and you can also grab a drink from the bar. The waitresses are always really friendly and attentive and more times than not when I've been there, the owner has come around the tables and asked how everything is which I really like. I bring everyone who comes into town to visit me here and they all love it. I love their sangria (I prefer it on the rocks) as well as their bellinis and mimosas. All of the benedicts are great except the red pepper one, it just had a strange texture. All of the breakfasts come with two sides so you get a huge amount of food. I also love the Mahi Club and my friend ordered their soft pretzels the other day which I had never had and they were soooo good. Not salty or greasy at all just really, really good. I've also had their salmon and quinoa for dinner which was really tasty. They have a great summer happy hour, and I love their patio. Reasonably priced too. Riding my cruiser to DD for brunch makes for a perfect day in my book! I do have to advise though....my boyfriend got the bacon bloody mary once...let's just say you get about 15 bacon bits with every sip (they give you a giant straw like for boba tea).....not really conducive to a hangover.
4	I love this place and my, oh my, your sweet potato fries are to die for!
5	Before all else THIS IS THE BEST HAMBURGER I HAVE HAD IN MY LIFE!!! I just wanted to put this message out before the rest of my review or wherever yelp cuts off before you have to click "read more." If you read nothing else in this review, just know that this is the best ground beef to bread combination I have ever had in my existence. Now I have never had a pretzel bun anywhere else, and I understand these things are growing in commoness even Wendy's has one, but regardless where else they make these things whoever came up with the idea of sandwiching meat with pretzel bread should win a medal or something. Especially at the daily dose the slices they use are basically entire bread loaves. The beef is Australian Kobe and tastes fantastic. No, it's not real kobe beef but its still filling without feeling greasy then add bacon, cheese, and of course that bread and you might as well put up a white flag and surrender to the thing. Actually never got a drink here, but the chorizo mac and cheese is also recommended if you must try something else. The atmosphere also is great very classy but not snobby. Price is higher than a chain but portions are very large you do not feel short changed. Oh and in case you missed it, try the burgers.
4	Met a friend for lunch there today...while breakfast usually wins(they serve it till 4pm!) I went for the Lunch choice-The Three Grain Veggie Burger-tomato, cucumber, grilled onion and more it was awesome and LOVE the pretzel bread bun. So if you can part with thier excellent breakfast I would suggest trying the Veggie Burger...and yes get the sweet potato fries..you know you want them!
5	I stayed in AZ for two weeks, and I ate here about 4x.  Located right between Starbucks and Bank of America.The burgers are awesome.  The salads are amazing.  The Cobb Salad is huge and extremely tasty.  All items were very affordable.  Happy Hour is between 4-8PM (I believe) and all burgers are $2 off.  So that is a great time to stop by.Service at Daily Dose was exemplary - my soda never reached half empty (or half full =]).  Great spot for any time of the day.
4	Tired of your standard breakfast fare? Daily dose is bit of breakfast with twist, with their menu containing some great healthy alternatives, along with some really interesting and tasty versions of French toast and omelets, among other things.I am a bit of a Daily Dose regular. Aside from some of the higher end brunches provided at the resorts, Daily Dose offers one of the best breakfast and lunch menus in the Scottsdale area. I've had a good sampling of the different types of items off their menu - You really cannot go wrong with anything listed. This past visit I tried the Crabby Omelet and the Mediterranean Salad with shrimp. The omelet came with two medium sized crab cakes and an omelet with spinach and tomatoes. The flavors worked quite well together, as the crab was much better suited as separate items than combined with the omelet, like I've had at other places. While the portion size of the omelet plate was generous, the salad was absolutely massive. It was definitely larger than what most people could finish themselves. As only a small complaint, the salad came under-dressed, so I had to request more dressing on the side. I only see this as a small issue because I would much rather a salad to come with less dressing than too much.Of the other menu items, their burgers and breakfast burrito are also quite delicious. They have a pretty strong list of unique mixed drinks along with non-alcoholic concoctions, which seems to be a trend across the brunch spots in the area. I'm a bit more of a coffee and juice drinker in the morning, but to each their own!Check this place out when you get the opportunity, as you'll be hard pressed to find a better economical brunch spot! Enjoy![This review is based on my visit on July 28, 2013]
5	The hangover sandwich here actually works! I swear whenever I am having a rough Sat. morning I crave that sandwich and if I get it, ahhh I think I am cured. :)
5	Very very happy with my order of blueberry banana pancakes in a wheat batter. Three giant cakes loaded with the fruit baked inside and a dusting of powdered sugar on top. Good luck trying to finish this meal which is served all day luckily for my breakfast at lunch cravings. The pancakes were hot for about 15 minutes also after I ordered them. Even the side dish was pretty awesome - potatoes with lots of fresh onions and a touch of some spice that I could not place. It was $10, but well worth it. The waffle of my date also looked good, but the pancakes were the star of the show.
4	Highly recommend! Great, friendly service. AMAZING banana bread french toast. Wide variety of food choices.
5	Back to sample Happy Hour fare. The domestics were only $2.75 and the HH food menu is quite extensive. It also is one of the only Happy Hours that stretches until 8pm. My food choice was the Chicken skewers and these were solid if you like straight up chicken. It was in an orange glaze which was good, but the jalapeno mango puree didn't have enough kick for that kind of pepper. Still, very good and the bartender was nice and friendly, even sharing news of her recent childbirth to the customers next to me. Pancakes were better than the skewers, but this is one of those places were everything is a solid choice.Update: Omlettes not as good as pancakes. Still a great staff though, despite average breakfast.
4	Love the happy hour. 5 stars for the happy hour drink specials but I think only 3 stars for the food. It's pretty basic but hits the spot. Happy hour until 8 pm which is amazing for those of us who work until 6!
5	I went for breakfast today and I'm already wanting to go back for lunch and dinner. The 4 of us ordered: 2 orders of eggs Benedict, 2 orders of side biscuits and gravy, a gingerbread pancake, a pb&j waffle, a gladiator burger, and a protein & iron breakfast. Can you believe we ate it all? Seriously, no leftovers and they were huge portions! The waitresses checked on us numerous times with sincerely friendly, smiling faces and made sure the food got to us super fast and hot. I am beyond impressed with how well this place has their service figured out and the design is beautiful! I honestly can't think of one single thing that is wrong with Daily Dose.
5	Hungover? Spent the night in Old Town the night before!? GO HERE! I had the steak and eggs medium rare is what I got! Horshradish sauce, yes please! I use to be all about Good Egg but haha jokes Daily Dose puts it to shame! Whenever I go out with my friends I order my own thing but use my bread dish to get a bite of everyone elses food, wow this place is my go to spot as long as you didn't blow all your money the night before getting drinks.
5	Oh...my.....nacho-ness! I went here, tried their breakfast nachos, and they are just heavenly! I don't even remember how much they cost, all I remember about that day is nachoey goodness. :)
2	I love the burgers, sweet potato fries, and beer- but one thing that will get me so uncomfortable that I just can't return to a business that serves wine is when a bartender leaves the foil on the lip of the wine bottle so that the wine pours over it. For the love of all that is good; PLEASE CUT THE WINE BOTTLE FOIL BELOW THE BOTTOM EDGE OF THE VERY CONVENIENTLY LOCATED AND SHAPED GLASS RING ON THE WINE BOTTLE! This should be (and usually is) the very first thing a person learns about opening wine. There is a very good reason you'll find a blade on a wine key and a raised ring on every wine bottle that doesn't have a screw-off cap. Please train your bartenders. It's the simplest lesson to teach, learn, and implement.
2	The places looks good, there's a line out the door, but they are cheap on bacon for the BLT sandwich. It had two pieces total for the entire sandwich. When I ordered extra bacon it cost $3.54, for three pieces of bacon. Not happy that a BLT now cost me $13.53. To the manager, please Don't be cheap with the bacon, it makes your nice restaurant low end. On the positive side I had the burger and it was very tasty. My wife did like her BLT, but  won't order it again. I would have given this place 4 stars if not for the bacon.
4	Best chorizo macaroni ever its just delicious !!!
4	Great service Awesome staff but only giving it 4 stars cause happy hour ends a hour before closing
3	I had heard some pretty good things about this place, so I decided to check it out for brunch. We were originally seated in a booth which was cool until we found ourselves peering around the restaurant wondering where our server was to take our drink order. After about ten minutes we decided to just go ahead and sit at the bar for faster service. The bartender was great, super friendly and prompt in taking our drink order and getting us menus. He seemed knowledgeable about the menu as well which was reassuring. I ordered the vegetable nicoise salad and my bf had the gladiator burger. Food was very satisfying and we were both very pleased with the portion size of both selections. I highly recommend the salad, only downside was a non tossed salad but beautifully presented nonetheless. As we were presented with the bill, we decided to grab drinks to go, I ordered an iced latte and my bf a hot tea. Seeing as how this place has a giant espresso machine in the middle of the restaurant and advertises having great coffee I figure I have to give it a shot. As I watched the server prepare my drink I saw him grab for a red and white 20 oz Coca Cola to go cup, something that you would see being served at a fast paced pizza place. Anyway, since my latte is $5+ I'm expecting a suitable to go cup for my drink, I'm not asking for anything fancy but I kind of am. A clear cup would do. You'd think they would have cups with their logo on it even. I don't think I'm being out line for docking them points for this but it was offensive to receive my tasty latte in that kind of cup. Just didn't make sense. I will go back but not for the coffee to go.
5	Just new to town and looking for a place to get a non-traditional breakfast that supports local.  Daily Dose serves a wonderful coffee that is roasted locally at Passport coffee.  A really nice breakfast and I was pleased.
4	We had a great breakfast experience here, this morning.  We were seated promptly, served attentively, and fed lovely things.I had the caprese omelet with butternut squash & mushroom hash and breakfast potatoes. The potatoes and hash were both wow, and the omelet was flavorful, though a little drier than I like. My husband had the mixed berry protein pancakes, which were hearty and tasty enough to require only a bit of syrup. It was a lot of food, a great deal for the price. We took half home for a yummy lunch.The place is really cute. We'd heard the service could be spotty, but we caught them on an excellent day - constantly full water glasses, prompt and smiling delivery of food, containers and check.
4	I have come here 4 times, and it hasn't disappointed! They have terrific service and are always accommodating when I bring my 15 month old. They have a great happy hour but I would like to see them increase their wine list. They have fantastic salads and appetizers. Sometime I would love to go for their breakfast/brunch.
4	Came here yesterday for a late dinner and drink and was impressed. I had thought this was only breakfast and my dinner was delicious. They have a great happy hour and list of beers to choose. I would come back again and want to try it for breakfast as well. Only downside was they close at 9 and felt a little rushed to leave starting around 8pm. As a former server, I understand but others might not.
2	Had better service ... Ordered the Stuffed portabella mushroom. Cheese was not melted at all. Waitress was more concern getting back to chatting with co workers. Best thing was turkey sausage and it was locally made... Not on house ... Not worth coming back for.
3	On our last day in Phoenix, we decided to go to Scottsdale and do some sightseeing.  Saw this place had fairly high rating and wanted to give it a try.  The menu offered a wide variety but with out it being too overbearing with so many options.My wife ordered the Smokey stuffed Portabella Mushrooms and I had the Turkey Sausage & White out.  They both came with a side of toast of your choice and a very generous bowl of mix fruit.  My liked her order, but wished the cheese had been melted all the way. I thought my order was boring, just a egg white omelets with chopped turkey sausage & cheese.  I would note that the locally made turkey sausage was very tasty!  And the fruit was great, not at of the can.  I actually couldn't believe the size they give you.  I wasn't the typical 3 grapes, a piece of pineapple, and a piece of melon!  :DThe service here seems to be pretty good.  Unfortunately, our server wasn't so much!  She seemed more interested in getting back to the hostess desk and talking with the other servers.  When asked about a few of the items of the menu, her answered was rushed, quick and without thought. The Price was fit just right, nothing we saw was outrageous.  The atmosphere very nice. It had a nice interior, bar, indoor/outdoor dinning areas (with a big screen TV showing EPSN Sportcenter :D).  It definitely a place I would consider for happy hour. Very clean.  Parking could be a bit of a issue I would imagine for lunch, dinner, and weekends due to the location being in Ole Scottsdale.  But there was a few parking lots located right around the corner.Overall, I thought the place was decent.  Would go back for lunch or dinner if in the area again.  But will make sure I do not get the same server again.
3	Went for breakfast shared the side biscuits and gravy and the crab cake benedict with my mom. It was good, if I went again I'd just get the ham benedict the crab cake wasn't as good as I was hoping. Biscuits and gravy was average. My mom got the Bloody Mary and thought it was okay, nothing special.We sat on the patio it was nice although the traffic was a little loud which we got used to. I would give the toast I started my meal with 5 stars though! Whipped butter with blueberry jelly was amazing!!
3	Nice, small patio with good service but food was mediocre.  Nachos were not warmed all the way through. Chicken skewers were passable. Bacon on burger was thick but not crispy, and I found the pretzel bun too dense to enjoy. Best food item at our table was the panko calamari. The portion seems generous until you eat a few and realize it's sitting on a bed of greens for some extra height.  Happy hour goes 'til 8 but their prices are not the best so I don't know if it's worth it.
4	Daily Dose is a fun place to kick back and have breakfast or lunch in Old Town. (I have yet to have dinner here.) I went here with my family a couple of times while they were in town and it has good ambiance, it didn't feel awkward bringing a one-year-old here, and it was a pleasant experience. The service is good and timely and the only thing lacking is the limited selection of sugar-free flavors for espresso drinks. The French toast is delicious, great omelets, good potatoes, and a great veggie burger. They have a good menu and everything sounded good. A pleasant experience.
5	The breakfast nachos are outstanding!Great service, nice atmosphere, and the perfect place to squash a hangover while watching some college football.
4	Huge portions, delicious food!  A visiting friend and I arrived around 10:30am on a Wednesday.  I had the breakfast nachos; not the most health-conscious choice, but they were delicious!  The chorizo was tasty and they are served with a side of their amazing sausage gravy, which is unlike any I ever had before.  My friend had the southwest club wrap.  She said it was great and it was enormous; she couldn't eat it all.  We ate outside, and although the traffic was a bit noisy, it was a nice atmosphere at Daily Dose.  The service was good and we didn't feel rushed at all, even though business was at a fairly steady pace and we took our time.  I would definitely return!
5	It's always great to find a place that will accommodate my wife's vegan diet - even if nothing on the menu comes close. This is such a place. The ever attentive waitress and my wife crafted a wonderful dish from various areas of the menu into a challenge for the chef - a challenge he met with flying colors. Oh, and my smoked salmon Benedict was right off the menu and delicious. A great experience!
4	Trendy Old Town spot? Yes.  The food, however, fantastic. Never disappointed....okay the mahi was too fishy for my taste, but I've never been disappointed beyond that. The order is spot on every time. They make a perfect steak with my eggs in the morning.  Perfect, and that's what I think when I'm eating it back at my office in the morning for breakfast. They are generous with their substitutions as well, and that just makes me feel good. The burger with bacon and basil is the bomb.com, and I just realized that I can list all the things on the menu I love, but it's easier to just say eat everything but the mahi.
3	Food was good, nice atmosphere. The portions were really small, they must be fighting obesity or something.
4	I LOVE happy hour. I mean LOVE. =)I came here for the first time for happy hour with my sister last week & we weren't really sure what to expect since neither of us have been here. They have happy hour from 4-8 and they have a pretty wide selection of items on the happy hour menu for you. For food, we ordered the nachos, calamari and fish tacos. I LOVED the calamari. It comes with two types of sauce for you. A red chili sauce which I wasn't too fond of but I loved the chipotle mayonnaise sauce. The nachos were huge! It comes with the works. I mean the works, like everything! We couldn't even finish half of it. If you get the fish taco, get it grilled! Drinks... I've never had a slushie long island before so I decided to test it out. Um, it was quite different. I think I'll stick to my long islands on the rocks. My sister ordered the spiced arnold palmer which was tasty. I like how you can sit ANYWHERE for happy hour and that it doesn't end until 8 rather than 6 or 7. Some places you have to sit at a designated area for happy hour and it's first come first serve, which means harder to get a table. The customer service was extremely friendly and great. The only negative I would say is that it took a bit long to get our food. However, I'll definitely be back for happy hour again! =)
5	Great grub everytime!
4	Good food....Yes, I like this place; I'll drop in for lunch when I'm in downtown Scottsdale and don't have time to drive over to Uncle Sal's.  Breakfast all day - much better than some of the "breakfast" restaurants in Phoenix.
4	I loved the DD hash. It looks potato based but there's a twist...it isn't :)
4	I can hear during my final brunch in Phoenix based on my uncle's recommendation.  The service was good, and the wait staff encouraged trying new food.  The squash hash did not disappoint.   It had great flavor and texture.  There was also a garlic sauce for my hash and turkey and spinach omelet, which was a fine touch.  The restaurant felt a bit crowded, but overall I would recommend it to others in the area.
3	It was good, but not one of those places I'd crave to go back to. Patio is a little cramped, so expect a wait on a nice day.  I had the protein pancakes... They were good and the serving was HUGE - expect to box half of it up.  My husband had the chorizo omelet and said it was 'alright'.  Oh, and they have some decent local crafts on tap too.
4	Came here for lunch with my family. Sat on the patio and loved it. It had a great atmosphere. I got the mahi mahi tacos and they were probably the best fish tacos I've had in Scottsdale. Awesome. Server was nice as well. I would absolutely recommend this place.
5	Very good! Good service, good food, great atmosphere. Clean and well kept. I would return frequently. I had the TBLT with crispy fries. All was delicious. The service was fast and efficient. Food came out as ordered. Water was refilled often but not too often. Special instructions about the food was met with no problem.
4	This place can never go wrong.  The owner is very witty and nice.  The menu can satisfy anyone's craving.  Portions are huge and the price is great!
5	Wow, this place is popular! I met a friend here at 11:30am on a Saturday and there was a little group of people waiting. I was told the wait would be 20min, but was seated in 10min, so that was a good start. I had the Crabby Omelet ($11.99)-- a hefty red pepper and spinach omelet with 2 crab cakes sitting on top, 2 slices of sourdough toast, herb potatoes and the DD hash. The crab cakes were delicious, the omelet was filling, and i loved the sourdough toast. My friend had the eggs benedict, which looked gorgeous. I'm gonna have to try it next time! I had a VERY long lunch there -- my friend and I ended up sitting there until 3:15pm chatting. Our waitress was wonderful! She told us that she's had patrons come and stay for all 3 meals, each for a different meeting.The restaurant had a very cozy atmosphere and the menu had a lot of enticing choices. I spend so much time in my neck of the woods (Chandler) so it was nice to get out and find a good place in Scottsdale.
5	This one has been in my bookmark list and I was so glad to finally cross it offThe hostess was very nice and although it was pretty packed she gave us the option to wait for a table or sit at the bar... We were hungry and I like sitting at bars, just because it is always a fun experienceSo we sat at the barThe girl with the blonde hair (she was the only blonde) was super fun and talkativeShe really made out daily dose experience great. She  was soooooo friendly...I really liked her and she didn't have to try hard to please us. She took out orders and made sure our drinks were full... The manager was also very nice and also made us feel very welcomedAs for my meal I chose the flannel corned beef hash meal and it was surprisingly goodIt was a twist on the traditional corned beef hash and I liked itMy over medium eggs were yummyI usually don't eat toast when I order but I guess I was hungry and chowed it downAll in all, daily dose is a great breakfast place and I hope that everyone has a great experience hereGet a mimosa
4	Ridiculous. In a good way. Food was great as was the service. Your water isn't just water, the standard is with slices of cucumber, so wonderful! The omelets are so great and come with herb potatoes and rosemary creme fraiche. Also had the pumpkin spice pancakes on the side, so great. We were visiting for a wedding and one of the many friendly locals suggested it. A walk from our hotel in Old Town, it was a wonderful brunch and would for sure return if ever in the area again.
4	There is no doubt that this place is one of the most popular places in town.  It does deserve the notoriety, but I certainly didn't like the massive crowd.  I love the cucumber they put in the water; it makes it taste very fresh and clean.  The sweet potato fries are very good and well seasoned.  I enjoyed my burger and I really liked the bun as well. The beer list is outstanding and worth being a regular spot in Scottsdale.
3	the food is great,it tastes fresh, the only concern i have with this restaurant is the service. i feel like every time i come into this restaurant I'm an inconvenience to the servers and waitresses, only reason i say that is because i get nothing but nasty attitude....besides the service the food is all this place has going for them right now...ill wait a little bit before i go back maybe wait for a new and more professional and kind staff
4	The food was very good. I had the protein pancakes. They were delicious! I also had a bite if the banana bread french toast. That was very good as well. Looking forward to going back the next time I'm in AZ.
4	I really like this place. I had heard a lot about Daily Dose's HH, and finally met a couple friends here recently to test it out. Funny thing is, the restaurant itself wasn't really what I was expecting but that was actually a good thing. What I mean by that is Daily Dose is actually, well, a restaurant. I was kind of expecting more of a typical Old Town bar/restaurant (which isn't necessarily a bad thing), but nope. It's really just a casual dining spot. When I was here there were people of all different ages (not just 20/30 somethings you'd expect to see at HH in Old Town) & I think I even spotted a few families with kids, and that didn't seem weird at all because like I said, this is more casual dining, not just a bar that serves food. As far as HH goes, the food menu is great! Daily Dose has SEVERAL fairly cheap options with lots of variety and good sized portions. As far as drinks go (and I should note, at this current time I'm unable to drink alcohol for medical reasons so this wasn't a big concern of mine) I actually didn't think the drink specials were all THAT great for HH. I mean, they were obviously cheaper compared to regular prices and still good deals, but there are several bars in Old Town where the HH drink specials are little cheaper. That being said they have several beers on tap, and a few of which are hard to come by so that's always good!As far as the food goes, we honestly didn't try all that much. We had chips, salsa, and guac. I liked Daily Dose's salsa. It's chunky & has a bit of (what I think was) tomatilla flavor. I also liked there guac. I'm normally not a big fan of real chunky guac, which is what Daily Dose has, but for whatever reason I like theirs. We also got pretzels w/cheese. The pretzels were soft & chewy, which is what I prefer & I liked the cheese sauce (it had a little kick to it). The one thing I wasn't all that crazy about was the chorizo mac & cheese. I thought the cheese was kind of runny & there wasn't a whole lot of chorizo. It wasn't bad though. I'd like to come back to Daily Dose to try (a lot) of other things on the menu. Overall, I like this place. It's very casual for Old Town & they have a rally nice patio (w/a nice TV). I'll be back!
3	This is more of a happy hour review than a full restaurant review, but as far as happy hours go in Scottsdale, this one is on my list. Not only did they have some really good prices, but their happy hour appetizers were really tasty, and also priced well.I tend to base my opinion of a place in regards to happy hour on the choice of drinks. They had a very good selection of beers, and even had my seasonal favorite, Four Peaks Pumpkin Porter, on tap at the time of my visit. Not to mention, they had a lot of their own speciality drinks that seemed rather tasty. However, once I realized they had my beer on tap, I couldn't venture away. All in all, great place to meet up with a group of friends!!
4	Great service. Good food. Decent pricing.No complaints.
5	Never  had  a  bad  meal  here.  A  true  joy  to  dine  here,  food  is  quite  possibly  the  best  in  the  area. Service  has  always  been  very  pleasant.Truly  a  great  place  to  eat  any  of  your  meals.
4	This place is amazing for happy hours.  I highly recommend the chicken sliders..  The vegetable spring rolls my friend ordered looked unappetizing, but he cleaned the plate right up.I didn't order any alcohol here, but I was able to try every iced tea they had there which were all pretty decent.  The drinks looked pretty good there too.
5	Great service and great food.  Plus free wifi.  I had the crab cakes benedict and the BF had the hash.  Nicely prepared and plentiful.  Our waitress was very patient (I hadn't had my coffee yet so wasn't too speedy with my selections).  Left with a full tummy and brain working thanks to the coffee,
3	I ate here with a friend who likes Daily Dose a great deal and said they had excellent salads. I ordered the Mediterranean salad with added grilled chicken. I have to say, it really was top notch. You get a lot for the money and it had a great taste. I had them mix the dressing in, too, but they didn't go crazy and add too much.The atmosphere at lunch was quite nice. Bustling, but with a few empty tables about. The service wasn't quite there, though. It took a long time for our order to be taken, and brought out, but the really long wait was afterward. We waited a solid ten minutes for our ready check to be picked up as the waitress walked by several times. We even waved to get her attention. Maybe she was tired. We all have those days.
1	The food was excellent- P B and J waffle w compote and the Hangover sandwich. But the service was terrible , too many servers trying to service Everyone With no coordination between them. It took way too long-  they brought the wrong coffee and then replaced it w the correct one and charged for both . Manager was too busy trying to explain the mistakes away instead of acknowledging the problems and apologizing  or god forbid comping us for the coffee. Too bad the service seriously detracted from the creativity and qualitivity of the food .Won 't be back.
5	Excellent breakfast place!  Trendy and creative food and excellent service.Think sinker doodle pancakes and breakfast nachos!
4	Service was great!  Bartender was attractive and helpful on a very busy Sunday morning.  Bunch of people waiting outside but only had to wait 15 minutes.Niman ranch steak and eggs was great, cooked perfectly, with a nice mustard/horseradish sauce.  Potatoes were really good, even though they weren't hash browns which I prefer.  (Warning:  they really like to use Rosemary in this place, and it is a very overpowering herb, so be careful)Gf had veggie omelet that she liked, and the fresh squeezed orange juice was tasty and cold.  Would definitely come back.
5	Will definitely be coming back here before I leave Scottsdale. Mixed Berry Protein Pancakes were awesome, real berries were packed inside.
5	Amazing menu, service, atmosphere, and food! I had the Gingerbread Latte and Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict! If you are a smoked salmon fan, definitely get this :)
1	Please don't waste your time or your money! My boyfriend and I went to Daily Dose on a beautiful Monday morning and sat on the patio. We waited 10 minutes for water before I approached the hostess. She came back with water and said I server would be there shortly. No one ever came by our table after about 13 minutes. There were plenty of servers walking around but no one ever checked in on us before we left. What a waste of time.
4	Been here twice now and liked it both times. I've had the biscuits and gravy both times. SUPER yummy. My husband had some sandwich (I can't remember which one but I'm sure it had bacon) and he liked it as well. I've had the mimosas too and had to sit outside for an hour to sober up, so they're not skimping on the champagne. Service is good, environment is good. Nothing at all to complain about. I can see us here a couple times a month for a weekend brunchy thing.
4	Great place with lots of options (breakfast, lunch or dinner). Good, consistent staff. Sometimes there's a relatively long wait, but that has improved greatly since they expanded. Favorite drink: sangria margarita swirl (it's REALLY good!!) Would definitely recommend if you're in the area!
4	their happy hour is great because it goes until 8pm, way later then most other places. They also have a great happy hour selection and good prices. Their chicken nachos are great and gigantic! The turkey burger and sweet potato fries are also really good. Good prices for drinks as well
4	Food is always delishious and fresh.
5	Love, love, love this place!!!  Great food - huge portions - creative cocktails - eclectic wine list - good beer selection - great service every time... if you can navigate around some of the occasional Scottsdale "Riff-raff" - you will be in good shape.  I recommend getting there early - especially for Saturday and Sunday brunch... it's a hot spot and the wait can be a bit long.  The positive?  They always put out cucumber water and coffee for those of us anxiously waiting for a table.
4	This is a casual diner in the midst of the ArtWalk path with an outdoor patio (it's not as swanky as places closer to the fashion square). There's a daily happy hour from 4-8pm with draft beer and an extensive food menu. We had the Cilantro, Jalapeno, Edamame Hummus (wasn't spicy in spite of the jalapeno) which came with a stack of herb bread, cucumbers, and carrots. We also had the Southwest wrap -- I've never been disappointed by chorizo and egg. Both were delicious!
4	I enjoyed this restaurant with a friend, & would definitely return. The food was great, as well as the service. I will say it was very busy on a Saturday morning, so I you want a table you'd need to get there early enough since parking is tricky also.
4	Delicious! The honey wheat pancakes tasted amazing! Eggs were cooked perfectly. Sausage was yummy. My cappuccino was great! Our waiter Spencer was accommodating and friendly. We sat outside which was breezy and comfortable. Overall great brunch! Would highly recommend.
5	I eat here regularly and I have to say, the place never disappoints. The staff is always friendly and the food is delicious. The Straight Shooter with buttermilk pancakes, scrambled eggs and sausage is my favorite. The signature cocktails have real fruit in them and happy hour includes a big food menu. I know for a while the wait times were lengthy but the added dining room fixed that. We hardly ever have to wait for a table at lunch time. I would definitely recommend!
5	I'm giving the Daily Dose 5 stars because I had the best biscuits and gravy I have ever eaten there today!  The breakfast potatoes needed more flavor--season them please!!!...but  no stars deducted because the B&G were that good!.  Unfortunately I live in Texas!!!  Fruit salad was fresh and great.
5	Best brunch place in town. Great food, amazing good. Breakfast nachos, hangover sandwich, and banana nut bread French Toast are all on point. Highly recommend.
5	I came here on my lunch break and met up with a good friend. It was busy but we got a table right away. Everyone was so nice and cheery. I had the best chorizo mac and cheese on the planet! It was so filling and I had enough left over for another meal! My friend got some special grilled cheese but said my mac and cheese topped it! I can't wait to go back!
2	Horrible Service and very average food. Blown away by all these reviews.This is basically IHOP with a full bar.
5	Breakfast. Straight Shooter & Crabby Omelette.Love it here. Nice waitresses make you feel right at home. Constant refills kept my coffee hot, always nice. Breakfast plates yesterday and today were tasty & the portions were large. I plan on returning for dinner tonite. It's THAT good.
3	Great food. I love their food. But I need to make this very clear for fellow dog lovers. Though this restaurant can be listed as "dog-friendly" on some sites, they are more "dog-tolerant" and that's being generous. We brought out puppy husky to have lunch on the patio since they were listed as a dog-friendly restaurant. We were informed as we were sitting down after already placing our order that out dog had to sit outside the fence next to the table. This was a nightmare. Since our dog was a puppy at the time he whined and whined and whined because he wanted to sit at our feet. He constantly tried to climb back over to sit at our feet and the manager continually walked by the table to check under and make sure our husky was not lying at our feet. It made me and my friends tired and anxious to not only listen to the puppies whining and having to push him back outside the gates but to see the little male manager come out again and again to check under our table. We ended up scarfing whatever food we had so we could get out. The waiter was very sweet about the situation but I ended up irritated because we couldn't have the slightest bit of leeway and have the dog lay down under the table quietly instead of less than one foot away behind the fence.But other than that, great food and great service :P
1	I'm completely astonished by the positive reviews!  My family and I went here this evening because we had been to the one in Phoenix and were pleased but I cannot stress enough the terrible experience we had.  The waitress forgot to put in an order and we were almost done before the meal came.  She never once came to explain or apologize and an apology would have gone a loooong way.  She basically ignored us from then on - put on your big girl panties and deal with it.  We asked for the manager who was either ignorant or arrogant but regardless his lack of managerial skills, social skills and communication skills simply made the entire situation worse. We explained we were there for a celebration and were told we would be given a dessert.  A different waiter attempted to put the dessert down on our dirty table because no one could be bothered to clear it...really????  So WE cleared our table , so that he could put it down and did we then get utensils to eat the dessert?  Nope.  The original waitress finally reappeared to see if everything was ok - seriously?  Were you on vacation the past hour?  And then on our bill we were charged for the long awaited meal and the dessert we were told was to be on the house.  Again, the manager with the seriously deficient intelligence ignored us - did he go to the same school of stupidity the wait staff attended?  And then he kept us waiting even longer for the new bill, which was a complete joke.  The food was average but I'm guessing the reason it was so completely dead in there on a Sat. night in Scottsdale is because the manager and staff are inept, rude and pathetically incompetent.  Oh, but thanks to the really brilliant waitress who gave the scotch to the 17 year old!  And the IQ points just kept continue to drop....
5	Always quick and amazing service! Foods delicious for me (vegetarian) and my friend! Never had a bad experience there! Wish id been there for happy hour more often. Love it! Always the best breakfast in town! :)
5	Delicious breakfast!  So many choices on the menu we will have to come back for sure!!!  Bacon is amazing, oatmeal was great, Crab Benedict was one of the best ever, lots and lots of crab.  Southwest wrap also was very high quality.
4	Brunch: banana bread french toast and southwest flannel hash. I shared with my friend, we both practically inhaled everything. So good!! It was perfect sharing with someone, the sweet & savory combo was perfect. There was no wait, restaurant is clean and has a nice layout. The Irish coffee and Bloody Mary were so-so, but the food definitely made up for it. Highly recommend.
4	Went here for breakfast on the way out of town.  Very nice.  I had the biscuit and gravy which was very tasty.  The gravy actually had a sweetness to it.  Loves the potatoes and onions.  Good coffee.
5	YUM!!! A friend recommended that I try Daily Dose because I LOVE breakfast! So I came here twice in one week. The wait on a Saturday morning was around 10 min and there was free hot coffee to enjoy while waiting which was greatly appreciated.The menu has so many different options that all sound fantastic, hard to pick something.The first time I went I got the crabcake omelet and it was pretty incredible. Big crab cakes, delicious omelet, tasty sides... The serving was huge (at a very reasonable price) and I had leftovers that heated up really well in a skillet the next day. I also got a mimosa that was heavy on the champagne, light on the OJ -- perfect!The next time I went with my mom and we split the ginger snap granola, which came with fresh and sweet strawberries, and the prime rib omelet. Once again, I was impressed. Can't wait to come back and try the cherry margarita that I spotted on the menu. I've been dreaming about it every since.
4	After a Giants spring training game on a Friday afternoon my husband and I randomly came across this gem. They have a few patio tables, at the time they were full so we waited at the bar for one to open up. Only about 10 minute wait we were seated. Ordered a few appetizers on the happy hour menu: crab cakes, chips with guacamole and salsa. The food was great, the staff were super friendly and accommodating.We liked it so much we went again on Sunday.
5	Had a great 7 am Sat breakfast here today. No wait, great service. Crab cake omelette was hot & delish.  Crab cakes came atop, not mixed in. Perfect. Comes with toast, home fries (just a tad not hot enough, but that is small potatoes) & choice of fruit, cottage cheese or hash. Thgt the coffee was especially good. (I have low expectations for good coffee at breakfast places). And the homemade fruit jam was a real hit. They should bottle it. Very inviting inside & outside seating.
5	This place is awesome!!   Come early because you will wait for a delectable meal.  Portions are huge so bring your appetite.
4	I have to say ditto to all the positive comments that other people have added about this place. The service was very quick, the food was delicious and healthy.  I would certainly recommend this to anybody in the Scottsdale area.
4	The only negative? The wait. Be prepared to stand outside for a half hour or more on a weekend. They have coffee and cucumber water to enjoy while you wait, though. And it IS worth the wait. Their omelets are delicious, as are the breakfast potatoes. Mmmm. The breakfast nachos were a great hit with our table, too. Everyone liked their food except for one of our friends who got the hangover sandwich. He said there was way too much going on and it made his hangover worse. Ha. He also said the bloody mary "tasted weird." But, he was hungover, so take that with a grain of salt ;)
5	The food here is amazing I've been a few times over the years and is definitely the best breakfast in Scottsdale.Robbie was our server today he was wonderful quick with the drink refills and always had a smile
2	While in a great location, this restaurant tastes more like a glorified IHOP once the food is delivered.Waffles tasted powdery, pancakes were dry, and the coffee extra burnt. The people working were very nice and the wait wasn't long. If you want a great breakfast head to Arcadia farms instead.
5	Great place for a breakfast meeting.   Breakfast Nachos are solid!
4	Really great all around good reliable restaurant.food very good good servce..in particular our waitress was so tolerant with us as we waited for a very late friend who was meeting us.we sat on patio and took the table for quite a bit.she was very nice about it.we all had breakfast and every bite was a pleasure.
2	What the heck happened to this place?   I haven't been here in a while and the service has gone down.    The lady at the front door has had her brain removed.   Service was terrible and it wasn't even busy. . Immediately after placing our order the server started telling us why it was going to take longer than normal.  Really ?   Excuses and the order wasn't even in yet.  Practically had to choke to get more water.    Food was pretty good but not outstanding.  The question is ..   With so many great places in Old Town is this place worth putting up with terrible service to get so so food?Probably not in my opinion.
5	Sat out on the patio. It was packed but the atmosphere was awesome and so was the cool breeze. Service was prompt and helpful, but not overly so. We had chips and salsa as an appetizer. The salsa had great flavor. For the main course we had fish and chips. It was average and nothing spectacular but no complaints on my end. Happy hour is from 4-8pm and had great deals, very affordable.
5	I was in Scottsdale for only a week, and I ate at Daily Dose three times. That's how awesome it is. You have to try the breakfast nachos if you're there at the right time: Warm corn tortilla chips topped with mozzarella and cheddar cheese, jalapenos, chorizo scrambled eggs, pico de gallo and red chili cheese sauce. Served with a side of sausage gravy. I said I was on vacation. That included from my diet. I'll be dreaming of those tonight.
5	My first visit here I had the hangover sandwich... WOW! I was hooked immediately. The Daily Dose Burger is always prepared to my liking, the Prime Steak Salad is a huge salad and is a delight to my tastebuds! I would stay away from the gravy, it's not what you'd expect from breakfast gravy. The staff is quick, friendly, and on top of their game. I will visit here again and again!
5	Yummmmm ... Fabulous! Ordered the meat & cheese omelet the and it was awesome ... complex flavors ... delicious!  Our server, Robbie was fab! Check out my 'glass' of champagne ... this place rocks!
3	Decent breakfast. I got the veggie omelet and the mister got eggs Benedict "dd style" (on a biscuit instead of English muffin and gravy instead of hollandaise). He was very happy with that substitution, and mine was fine, but overall the food was pretty salty. The coffee is not very good.
4	Great salads fresh food great service.
4	So glad I live in walking distance of this place. Happy hour can't be beat. I haven't been for breakfast or brunch, but according to the lines, it must be the place to be. Its my happy hour favorite in town. My standard order is the chicken nachos (the are massive) and cheap at about $6. The plate is enough for 2 or 3 people. The house martinis are $4 I believe and great. My friends and I tend to order the same items each time. They seem to like the tacos, and the veggie burger was a hit last time too. I would give the food an A+.Service is a bit of a hit or a miss. Some people working are friendly and attentive, some a little less so. But overall a good experience. Glad to live close by. Too bad its going to be 115F soon and too hot to stroll over there. :-(
4	We found this restaurant while walking around one night in Old Town Scottsdale. They had a few menus outside of the restaurant & after taking a glance, we decided to go in. The first thing that impressed us was that their were prices were much lower than typical restaurants in the area AND on top of that, their happy hour doesn't end until 8:00pm .. way later than most restaurants! We sat out on the patio & there was a TV screen that had a slideshow of some of their menu items, all which looked absolutely delicious! We ended up ordering the turkey burger with regular french fries & the gladiator with sweet potato fries. The burger was a little dry but tasted okay ... The fries were probably the best thing on the plate. Based on the uniqueness of the menu items, we were a little bit disappointed that the sweet potato fries didn't come with their own dipping sauce. I think they have a very extensive menu and as previously mentioned, their menu items are unique. I'd say that this is more of a hangout type place much like most places in Old Town, where you'd go to enjoy drinks & some appetizers. I'd probably stop by to try brunch as we've heard it's really good.
5	A good old standby, when you can't think of anywhere else to go for breakfast or lunch.  I don't always go there (cause I like variety), but DD is on my favorites list.  Why?Always crowded, but I get seated quickly.Always good food.  Always good service.Always a nice drink selection (full bar, yo!)Always solid.  And for that I am grateful.
5	My wife and I have visited this place a few times now and every time I am so impressed. Such a wonderful selection of food, the atmosphere is comfortable and the customer service is fantastic. I have ordered both a steak and burger cooked medium and both times they were cooked to perfection. The ribs are to die for as they are tender and juicy with a very unique sauce. The beer selection is really good, with craft beers from here and afar. I really can not say enough good things about this place, get out and try it for yourself!
5	Daily dose has never disappointed me!  I am a regular, the service is friendly, and the food is fantastic!!  They have a later Happy Hour than most places on food/drinks that are already fairly priced :).  Their breakfast menu is my favorite in the valley with lots of healthy options and their strawberry mint salad is out of this world.  It get super busy in the mornings, especially on weekends, so show up early or at odd times:).  Enjoy!
4	Awesome!! Worth the wait for a table. Soft pretzels with cheese and mustard were excellent. We also shared a club sandwich and fries which we really liked a lot. Service was prompt, coffee was delicious, and so were the bloody Mary's. Have been there twice already and would certainly recommend it.
2	Just got back from taking my Friends' to enjoy a great place to eat and WOW is all I have to say. I speak highly of this place's food and atmosphere, until today. Now mind you, I can overlook one speed bump but I will make notice of it and today was that day. Our server, who goes by Server #10 was (to use his own choice of words) "A DICK". Yes ladies and gentlemen, he chose to use that word when taking one of our orders and referring to himself (strike two in less than 5 minutes) while explaining an item not being offered as an option. So many ways he could have handled the situation, but he chose the more ignorant, abrasive and disrespectful manner. To make a long story short, I allowed my company to choose his tip and feel free to leave a note on the receipt informing him of his misconduct. I will still go there, but I will not be contributing to his income nor will I expect that anyone else who works there manage their customer interaction with unprofessional language (unless of course you know your customer like you know your Mother). And even then, if you speak to your Mother with that mouth you shouldn't be in public service where your interaction makes your living. If management chooses to take any action, please feel free to note the receipt reads #346070, where my friend clearly stated how she felt. If we, as professionals would speak to our Students' or Patients' with such language, we would have some sort of action taken upon us. Why would this be allowed in a restaurant setting is beyond me.
4	Had the Pigs in a Blanket thing for breakfast.  They substituted an zen flush Muffin for the bagel..no problem.  Only one complaint...their Bloody Mary's suck.
5	We eat here regularly, but after a delicious brunch with outstanding service on Sunday, I had to write a review.  I ordered a turkey sausage omelet with a side of the buttermilk blueberry banana pancakes.  BEST pancakes ever!  Our server was Tyler (I believe) and he was so friendly and genuine.
3	Husband and I went for HH and also ordered some regular menu items. The drinks were a decent price (hh prices). We ordered the Gladiator burger & daily dose burger which were both just okay. They were both lacking flavor and the msuhroom brie was mediocre. Despite the fact it was dead, we felt very rushed. Hope was training another waitress - I hope the trainee doesn't listen to her. Besides rushing her patrons, she talked down to her own trainee. When she introduced her trainee, she literally said, "Don't ask her questions because she's new and won't know." WOW. I've been a waitress before and I would have been furious if I was talked to like that during my training, and as a patron - it looks horrible that you are degrading your own coworker.
5	I will start this review off by saying, I am definitely coming back. That should say alot in itself :). I had a very delightful experience when I visited Daily Dose. This place was packed. I had a chance to thoroughly enjoy the crab cake omelet. It was mouth-watering delicious. The breakfast plates also come with a cup of fruit (which made me feel less guilty for devouring the crab cake omelet, potatoes and jelly toast). I give this place 5-stars and highly recommend it for their breakfast/brunch menu.
4	The Banana Bread French Toast and Black Forest Ham Eggs Benedict with DD Hash was excellent. The service was right on and the price was just right. I will be back! Thank you for making my weekend better.
5	I enjoy coming here for happy hour.  Great drink prices and tasty appetizers.    Breakfast IS DELICIOUS ALONG W SOME mkmisas!.  Pricing and location is excellent.
4	Eggs Benedict was good but the Hangover sandwich was the clincher. Fantastic!
4	good breakfast i will go back
4	I had the smoked salmon on a egg white omelet.  Staff nice, ambiance fantastic, easy parking, prices comparable to downtown Scottsdale.  My drink was kinda week, but I would return for sure.
3	Had the Caesar salad with chicken.  Dressing was bland. Service is good..nice atmosphere.
3	Saw on the great reviews so I thought I'd give it a shot.  Walked in a no wait on July 4th,  sweet. The place very nice inside and a good patio area.  Service was pretty good. The food was ok, better than average but not as good as other Scottsdale or Phoenix eateries. I could see giving it another try some day but I'm in no hurry. Probably deserves 3.5 stars.
5	Best bloody Mary's. Love this place. Portions are big, not too pricey, free coffee when you wait. No complaints.
4	Protein pancakes are so delicious!! Lots of berries cooked in them. Yum yum. One of my favorites.
4	Starting to really love the food here. They recently changed the menu and happy hour is all night during summer time! What could be better? Service was really great, everyone was so nice and extra helpful. Only thing that could have been done different is the waitress brought the check waaayyy too early. We were still in the middle of our meal and had half a glass of wine each left, it was strange. Maybe she was just in a rush to get done with work for the night. I highly recommend the chicken nachos and the turkey burger is awesome too. For the side order, get waffle fries. Why don't more restaurants offer waffle fries any more, it's a shame! Well, daily dose does...go get them :)
5	This place is FANTASTIC! Super dog friendly! They sat us with a dog treat, water bowl and a bag! They were incredibly accommodating with us and Scooby. Jeanine (sp?) was super friendly, fun and helpful and the support staff is awesome. The food is another level of awesome, and we enjoyed their awesome drinks! I can easily say this has been the best dining experience in scottsdale thus far. Thank you for the amazing breakfast!
3	I came here on a very quiet summer morning and without question the menu for breakfast/ brunch is still amazing however the service is not impressive at all!  In the summer in Scottsdale water should be served to you automatically. You shouldn't have to ask after your order has come out. Additionally I was not given sugar with my coffee and had to ask and got attitude. Then had to ask for hot sauce with my omelette and got attitude. Huh?I will hope my waitress was just having a bad morning but when they can be so great when busy it's disappointing to get bad service when empty.
4	Great breakfast, the omelets are good and there is a good variety of choices. Plus they have gluten free options as well, which is nice. If your looking for a new place to try this one is definitely worth it.
5	Awesome banana bread french toast, no need for syrup. Tip: get a savory side like turkey sausage to balance out the sweet. Gf is picky about her eggs, and our waitress saw that she didn't eat them and they asked to take them off the check. Great customer service.
5	Great place. Consistent. New Menu , still have some of the original items. They now have beer Craft flights 50oz pours 6 for $7.50 and also 48oz pitchers. Food is fresh, made to order and something for everyone.
1	We went yesterday am and had to leave because of the horrible service. I had picked up 2 friends from the airport and they were hungry. So I took them to Daily Dose in Old Town. Had been there once before and everything was fine, the food and service was excellent. So, when we arrived we sat outside as my guests wanted to enjoy the weather. We sat for 10 minutes before receiving any attention. My guests were very thirsty, as they had been on a plane for 4 hours. When the waitress finally came, we asked for water, and I ordered a coffee, they ordered drinks. Well, I got the coffee, but nothing else happened for another 5 minutes. When we reminded the waitress she got very snippy and  said that she would find someone else to serve us as she was only one person (she only had our table and another table of 2 to attend to on the patio). Needless to say, she never returned and neither did any other wait staff. After another ten minutes, we decided to leave. I talked with Kiley, the manager, and she apologized. Food is great, service is not. Good luck if you go there - if you want water, bring your own.
4	Whenever I'm in the Phoenix area I make it a point to come to Daily Dose.  The Green Chili Chicken Enchiladas are always great and the cilantro lime dressing is light and flavorful on salads.  Check it out, you won't be disappointed!
5	After reading the bad reviews about service at the Daily Dose I was still willing to go for lunch today to try out the food. Excellent decision. We had good service and my banana bread French toast was so good. The waitress did refill our drinks and check on us during the busy lunch rush. There was a mistake on the check that was fixed immediately. I will be back.
5	Had a fantastic breakfast here.  Thanks to Jeanine for the great rundown of the menu!  Will be back for sure!!!
5	So excited to be back and enjoy the new menu and beer selection. It was perfect on this rainy night!
5	This place is a great lunch spot! We drive by all the time on the weekends when looking for a brunch spot but are always discouraged by the line out the door. Today we finally made it in for lunch and now we understand the line!I had the prime steak salad which was delicious, my BF had the gladiator burger which we also highly recommend. The portions were large which was also great. The craft brew selection was a nice way for us to try something new and had local beer on the menu which we obviously were happy about. All in all a perfect lunch date and we'll definitely be back.
5	Food here was great. Would highly recommend. Very satisfied service. Would come back again and again for breakfast.
5	I went here for lunch last week and had the most amazing turkey burger!!  There is a hint of sage that marries perfectly with the airy crispiness of the pretzel bun.  Their pomegranate green iced tea is also refreshing and delicious.  They even give you a to-go cup!
2	Came here for lunch.  I ordered the ceviche and what I received was basically chips and watery salsa with a few chunks of shrimp.  I may sound like a snob, but I've enjoyed authentic ceviche in Peru and this sorry excuse for seafood salsa is not what ceviche is supposed to be.  Ceviche is raw fish "cooked" in lemon/lime juice with peppers and onions.
4	My wife and I stopped in for a late week day breakfast, the potatoes and DD Hash are very good, the black iced tea is very tasty.  My ham eggs benedict were good but the eggs were very small.  My wife had the banana bread French toast which lived up to its name, it was like a desert with the candied nuts and sauce.My son enjoyed his fruit and waffle.  I wish the place was closer so we could visit more often.
2	Once again I feel as though fellow yelpers are peer pressured into following a five star trend. I'm not. Honestly, sure, this breakfast spot is good...but did it blow my socks off? Not at all. My scrambled eggs were not scrambled. They were more like fluffed, folded, and served on a plate. The waffle had a bit of a tree bark taste, less than sweet, and my toast was cold so the butter I spread didn't even melt. However, our service was stellar, she was on it, (minus the smell of her smoke break that lingered as she passed by) I also really appreciated her splitting the checks each way for our large party of six. Sure, it's good breakfast. But is it "omg amazing" and worth the long Saturday morning wait? No.
5	Service was great. My husband had the hangover sandwich and talked about it all day.  I had the turkey white out (egg white omelet with turkey sausage) and it was delicious.  Generous portions and flavorful food.
5	Today was my first visit to this establishment. I thought it was a breakfast-only type place, so when I saw they were open during the late afternoon I was pleased. Got a great parking spot and we were seated right away. It was also randomly happy hour, and the burgers were $2 off. Got a delicious burger with super tasty waffle fries. Love the pretzel bun!! I was stuffed by the end. Didn't have any issues at all. Staff were all very friendly. Would love to try breakfast here! Can't wait to come back and bring the boyfriend next time.
4	We had a fantastic brunch here this morning. It was Labor Day, so a little busier than normal. We did have to sit in a little table a much in the back corner next to a booth. A little uncomfortable and weird sitting so close to the people next to us. Food was delicious. I got the French toast. A very healthy serving with four slices of bread and a side of fruit. The boyfriend had the buttermilk pancakes. Also a large serving. Service was great and everything came out quickly. I would definitely recommend this spot!
5	Sunday morning breakfast was a treat today. For starters parking was easy and convenient. They had a good crowd but no wait. Walked right in and was greeted by a friendly hostess. Got seated right away at bar. Service was prompt and server was attentive and knowledgeable. However I did have to ask fir the check. Quality of food was better than I expected. Got crab omelette....being from maryland im a crab cake snob but these were good. Could have used some old bay..whole grain toast was thick cut and fresh..appreciated butter and jam in metal ramikins and not packets. Jam was amazing...I also got to sit next to the most important man in the world who felt the need to interrupt the server EVERY time she came over to me. Server was patient and I believe this guy might be in need of mental help. But I digress..price was good for the value..I will be back and cant wait to try lunch..
3	They don't have customizable omelets which they should because since they are trying to go for a healthy vibe here. But besides that good service. They need to tell the guests that they do infused waters cause some people might not want their water that way
1	No. Just No.I came here for Lunch. Huge Mistake.I came here for Dinner. What is going on?Brunch. It was ok.Let's go through what happened. For the sake of people I will leave out names and specifics.Can i have X dish and Substitute this for X because I want something vegetarian?"Why would anyone want to do that.. ok.. well.. I'll see"rude. just rude. Are you joking? I get my food. it was... food. it was.. what it was. It did not live up to what everyone is boasting about. and the rudeness i just cant get over it.Never come here for anything else but Brunch... if you come.
1	Never going back again. I feel bad for the people waiting so long for a table, because they don't realize they just invested their time into waiting some more once they get seated. When we were seated , it took 10 minutes for a server to greet us, 20 minutes for our drink, and 30 minutes for our food to come.  I ordered the pulled chicken tacos which were so bland and uninspired. The chicken tasted like it was sitting out in the Arizona sun for days, it was so dry I couldn't even swallow it. I politely set my plate aside , and didn't make a scene. The server comes back and notices I didn't like it , I said I didn't care for them and she walks away. Whoever is running this place doesn't know the first thing about running a restaurant.  Understaffed , lack of service , and overwhelmed with flustered servers, mediocre drinks , and overpriced garbage.  I would rather eat my breakfast at a grease spoon diner.
4	Hit or miss, but usually worth the wait!Hit: crab cake benedict (regular style is better than the Daily Dose style with the gravy, imho)Miss: hangover sandwich (cute name, but actually unappetizing). sangria-margarita slushie looks/sounds yummy, but actually was so gross I couldn't finish it #rareIf they tweaked the menu a lil bit, this place could be A+
5	Great great great breakfast food..Very friendly service.The prices are very reasonable and overall it was a very good meal..To the point where I had to come back again...Not sure how many of you hit the same place 2x in 24 hours but I personally like to try different places and I couldn't resist coming back here 2x..
1	Very disappointing. I ordered the "Pigs In A Bagel" (Two eggs, peppered bacon & tomato topped with cheddar, served on your choice of bagel with herb potato & fresh fruit) and I also asked the waitress "how do the EGGS come?" And she said "scrambled" so I just thought it was going to be a bagel, with scrambled eggs, slices of bacon on top, tomato, and topped with the cheddar cheese. I get my "sandwich" and it's a little squished bagel with a gross omelette inside with tiny bits of bacon and tomato, like a drop of some white cheese, and some wilted lettuce, really un satisfying. The booth we were sitting at was so freezing that our food was cold within 5 minutes. The manager offered to get me something else so I just asked for a mixed berry smoothie to  go to play it safe. I thought it tasted kind of milky so I opened the lid and there was a huge pile of whip cream, yuck. Since when do breakfast sandwiches come with lettuce and smoothies come with whipped cream? Very strange. Our waitress also seemed like she could care less about us and I think we were there for almost 2 hours, super slow and ridiculous. Don't think I'll be going back there.
5	Loved everything about the Daily Dose. It's quite big inside and has great food and service. Spinach salad with chicken or salmon were both delicious.Next time I'm trying the Bloody Mary that I saw plenty of. Looked like a big hit! The wait for brunch was short and there is free coffee or iced tea while you wait.
1	What can I say breakfast is breakfast nothing special. The wait to get seated takes forever and so does the food. My one star is for the Orange juice. Very good. But everything else was mediocre. Service was decent.
4	Nice little place with a wide variety of food on the menu. Sitting on the patio was awesome. The sliders were amazing and I would defiantly come back again.
5	This is one of those great quite places that you can have a morning meeting in or just relax and enjoy your day.The food is always great. The service is some of the best that you can ask for. I love the corn beef and fried egg as well as the biscuits and gravy. Oh and lets not forget the coffee I would go there just for a cup of coffee and a quite place to read a book. If you are looking for a good morning out with amazing breakfast look no further.
5	Simply one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale. Breakfast, dinner, no matter the time the food is great and the service is above average. Their prices are perfect and they have a decent happy hour. The menu is full of variety and the burger I had was the best one I've had in a long time. Just a great place to eat and I will keep going back often.
5	Love love love this place. I can always rely on a good breakfast from them. Thank you.
5	They had delicious healthy options, the wait wasn't horrible even during the breakfast rush. I really enjoyed my meal. I ordered the "smokey stuffed portabella mushroom" (intentionally spelt wrong) and a chai tea. It was healthy without being bland and the chai was one of the best I've had.
5	Great food and good service....what else can you ask for!  Everything that I've ever tried here has been great!
5	Decided to stop by for brunch on the way to the airport. The food was fresh, generous portions, and tasty. They have a mixture of breakfast and lunch items after 1030. They offer cucumber water and coffee while you wait for your table. Out waitress was friendly and prompt. Would stop by again when in town!
4	This location gets way more stars than the camelback location. Not much of a wait and the staff is nice. Food is good and I like how they put cucumber in your water. Had the ham eggs Benny and it was good. We missed the long wait so a star for that too.
4	Ok, the place is attractive, friendly, nice mood setting, and very nicely laid out. Perfect for brunch for friends, family, and special dates. The outside patio seating would be nice in the mornings or afternoons just cuz you can watch the cars and peoe pass by while you conversate with friends, or even while eating.The service was great again. Ive been here a few times already, and not once i had bad service. Its a small restaurant, but surprisingly alot of seating. Theres also a bar if you want to enjoy a mimosa or bloody mary with your friends. Haha. Service though is always on point. The food! Talk about good flavor! Ok presentation, but the flavors make up for everything and keeps your mouth shut. Sometimes you enjoy the flavor so much you dont want to talk. Lol. The noise level is ok. Its not too loud, not too quiet. So you can definitely enjoy this place. I recommend all there eggs benedict, the banana french toast, and belgian waffles. Flavors flavors flavors. I guess i enjoy food maybe more then alot out there. I gave four stars cuz i had better, but this is close to better for sure.
4	So I stopped at Daily Dose before heading to Sedona and it was the perfect place to get a hearty breakfast before a hike. There were a lot of people there but they seated pretty fast. The patio is spacious and has a really relaxing vibe for being in downtown Scottsdale. I ordered the prime rib Benedict which was awesome and the breakfast nachos, which is more food than anyone should eat before 10am. The fruit that came on the side didn't taste very fresh and the roasted potatoes had cumin on them which kind of threw me off. The prime rib was tender and the hollandaise sauce was on point. Breakfast nachos had this really good queso dip and the salsa was light and fresh--truly enjoyed this dish a lot. Our server was super nice and the food came out fast. Parking is easy to find, it's right around the building and has a three hour limit.
5	Consistently FABULOUS. This morning I sampled their Pumpkin Spice pancakes, accompanied by a THICK slab of their ham steak, two eggs sunnyside, a fresh fruit cup & SUPERB BLACK coffee...all served by the LOVELY Sylvia. LET THE DAY BEGIN !!
3	Cocktails with breakfast is my fav! The Bacon Bloody Mary was so good, I drank it before I could even take a pic but I do wish they had a BIG piece of bacon in it vs crumbles. The rest of my breakfast was still good. The peppered bacon that was served on my plate was my highlight!
1	Don't order take out. You'll get your food faster if you order in. I've been waiting 30 minutes for the chicken tenders I ordered a half hour ago. My refund is taking even longer, and apparently, they burned my food twice. It's called lunch hour, not ruin my lunch waiting all day on twice burner chicken tenders. FYI - I orders it b/c I figured it's the easiest and fastest thing to make.
3	The menu is varied and I had a tough time deciding what to order. I finally decided on the Black Forest ham Benedict. It was pretty good, and the service for the first 2/3 of the visit was great, but the server was nowhere to be found during critical points such as needing coffee and needing the check. I would come back but I wasn't blown away.
4	Daily Dose is without a doubt the best breakfast spot in Scottsdale. There is a wide selection of breakfast options and everything that I have had was delicious. I also had a burger once and that was pretty good too. The Breakfast Nachos are a must have and I also recommend Hangover Sandwich. The only negative thing I'd have to say about the restaurant is that the service is sometimes a bit slow. There have been multiple times where I've had a spacey server.
5	Absolute best place in Old Town for breakfast.  Service is usually quick, food is consistently good and, in my opinion, sooo much better than the "club" up the road, where its more about see-and-be-seen than it is breakfast.I don't think recommendations here are particularly necessary because, in my experience (a couple dozen of them), whatever sounded good at the time has always been good.  (that said, if you're looking for healthy & filling, the Protein & Iron is great... if seeking comfort food, Biscuits & Gravy (I don't want to admit it, but I can't help it, I'll indulge on the rare occasion -- they're just so good)... and like everyone else, one can't go wrong with the Protein Pancakes, but holy-shmoly I can only eat about 1/3 of a small-stack).Cheers~(get there before 9:30am and there's usually no wait, or very little... by 10am or after, expect at least 20 minutes)
5	Today was my first time visiting the world renowned Daily Dose. I was pleasantly greeted upon my arrival by the hostess! There was a small wait time. We got seated with the most wonderful young gentleman I have every had the pleasure of meeting. His name was Max. Max was so amazing, when I first sat down he asked me if I wanted something to drink. Why yes! I would love something to drink! The thought thrilled me. He was thrilled too. Next thing you know, max brought me my drink! I really recommend the pomegranate green tea. Max likes the tea too!
3	I've been to "Daily Dose" several times and have had mixed experiences.They don't do call-aheads or reservations, and sometimes there's a bit of a wait.I've also been there once when they were out of a few key items, and I'm not a huge fan of their popular "hangover sandwich," at least as it compares to other versions around town.They do have a great Happy Hour which goes until 7:30 PM, and their patio is great for people-watching.For Brunch I'd go with "Breakfast Club" or "Morning Squeeze" if you're in the area.  For Happy Hour I'd give this place a try for sure.
4	Delicious and creativeTheir menu is vast with so many unique breakfast and lunch iteams that you don't find most places.FoodBreakfast Nachos-STUPID, Nachos topped with eggs, scallions, tomatoes, sausage, sour cream and cheese. All served with a side of CRACK sausage gravy. Mimosa-Nice and strong with a splash of OJ just the way I like it.I have also had their Breakfast Sandwhich and that is the best breakfast sandwhich I have ever had. Great place to go with good customer service and a good time.Expect a wait on weekends..
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat breakfast in Scottsdale. The service is great, the restaurant is clean, and the food is excellent. I usually get the biscuits and gravy but I occasionally try other items on the menu, and I've always been happy with what I order. Their chorizo meat is really, really good. Chorizo-lover tip: you can buy the chorizo meat straight from the kitchen to take home! Absolutely worth it!
4	Great breakfast...homemade turkey sausage will bring a smile to any carnivores face!  Fruit cup crisp and fresh...home fries packed with a lot of flavor!! Hot chocolate was a bit weak on the flavor.
4	Are here with my girlfriend as we were looking for a new breakfast spot. Great patio to enjoy the weather. Fresh fruit was just that. A bit on the carb heavy side for my taste but in retrospect awesome for a hangover. Good food.
4	I'd love to give Daily Dose 5 stars. Just can't.  The service is too spotty.  One day, service is great, the next it's terrible. Food is consistently very good.  Great for breakfast and lunch with an underrated happy hour.
4	OK I am putting them back to a 4 star. After a few bad experiences I stopped going. One of my friends told me I should go back and give them another chance. I did and have been back many times since, and will continue to. I did share my experience with the manager and they have done an amazing job redeeming themselves. Hats of to John, the manager. Service has been great, the food delicious and the drinks just the way I like them. Even introduced a few new friends to the place. I'll be back!!!
5	This is my favorite resturaunt. I have been here for awhile but I have always enjoyed it. I first started going to this place when it first opened before it became super popular and I would go about 4 to 5 times a week. Amazing breakfast and lunch. Hangover sandwich is amazing when you wake up from a night of fun. The Gladiator burger is still one my favorite burgers, pretzel bun applewood smoked bacon just delicious. I also enjoy the Turkey wrap, my go to meal.  Parking can be a pain but worth it. The service has always been up and down. The turnover rate for servers was high in the beginning.
