1	Decided to try a new sandwich place in Ahwatukee. The place is in the location of an old Quiznos and it shows. The young man at the register struggled to take our order and a older woman who I am assuming is the owner let him fumble instead of stepping in. She apologized however the staff needs more training before going live. Next was the price. 2 sandwiches, 2 drinks, 1 bag of chips. ..... $25.00You have to order by crazy names on the sandwiches. Goddess, wet willy, etc. I just want a turkey sandwich. The owner was running sandwiches and came to our table 3 times with other people's food. The upside is that the sandwich was good but the price and customer experience will make me go next door to Spinatos
2	Just fair. No one greeted me when I walked in, not clear where to put in an order. At least acknowledge your customers. My warmed up hot sandwich had lukewarm cheese and cold chicken. Not a great experience overall. To be fair they did want to make things right and they are giving me a significant coupon discount to try them again. However I am not going to go out of my way.
5	Awesome flavor! They use some sauce that makes the taste pop. I got the three wishes sandwich, stacked high with toppings, it took a couple days to finish this beast of a sandwich. Really clean interior and great service at an unbelievable price for how much meat you get.
5	Having just moved to the Phoenix metro area, I was looking for a new go-to spot that was near my new home.  I wanted something that was quick, delicious, and satisfying.  I've found all that here with Hookmeup.The extensive menu is a bit daunting and overwhelming at first glance, but I've tried a new sandwich during each visit and have enjoyed everything thus far.  The staff here is also very friendly.  Good customer service definitely goes a long way.  The only downside is it can get a bit pricey, but you definitely receive a decent sized sub.  I'm a pretty big eater and even I was stuffed after my meal.I recommend this place if you're in the neighborhood or just looking for a quality sub shop.  Thumbs up.
5	Great sandwiches. Generous portions. Clean. Great customer service.I took a sandwich home from here tonight. I had a chicken sandwich with marinara and cheese. I was expecting slices of grilled chicken breast, but it turned out to be shredded chicken. I didn't get to eat it until about an hour and a half or so after they handed it to me, but it was still totally delicious. I pretty much expected the bread to be a soggy marinara mess, but it wasn't at all. The bread they use is awesome. I had the soft french bread. Overall, the sandwich was REALLY good - especially considering how long it sat in the bag before I devoured it.The owner and staff were super nice and friendly. The place was very clean as well. It's set up sort of like a Quiznos, but it's clear the quality of ingredients used here is far superior. They will pretty much make you any sort of sandwich you can dream up. Their menu online has 150 sandwiches on it plus a build your own. Looks like this restaurant is going to be a new local chain - I'm told they plan to open more locations. There are a few other choices for sandwiches at this intersection, but having tried the other places, I can safely declare this the best option. While I was waiting for my food, a guy came in and said he's been to sandwich places all over the East coast (and listed some States known for solid sandwich shops) and that this was the best sandwich he's ever had. I mean, if I was a real professional culinary critic, I would have been suspicious that they paid him to come in and say all that stuff. But I'm not and it was legit. I don't know if it was the best I've ever had, but it was definitely good enough to make me want to go back. Oh, and they deliver if you live or work nearby, so that's awesome.
