4	The ham and cheese croissant sandwich was a great on-the-go breakfast. Despite the line/ crowd, everyone was pleasant and orderly, and made crepes, coffees, and sandwiches with efficiency and ease. It's nice to know that my croissant sandwich was made fresh instead of just extracted from the display case and heated up. Definitely recommended for a quick pick-me-up.
5	Mmmmmmm. Possibly the best espresso I've had outside of Europe. I went back later for gelato, and that was incredible, as well. My lesson for this Vegas trip: You don't need to go to an expensive, sit down restaurant to have a good foodie experience in Vegas.
5	Located in the food court off the casino floor of the Venetian.  Offering the perfect mix of gelato, crepes, and coffee.  You can make your sweet tooth happy at this little food stall.I stopped in for dessert tonight, but will try them for breakfast next time.Nice selection of gelato including my favorites mango and coconut! Very creamy, the coconut gelato  actually has shredded coconut inside!  $7 for 2 scoops in a cup.  Not too bad in the new Vegas.The smell of fresh crepes is awesome with both sweet and savory option available. Will update this review next time after I try them.Plus your favorite espresso based coffee drinks.They are in the same location as Cocolini but have changed the name.
4	Located in the food court off the casino floor of the Venetian.  Offering the perfect mix of gelato, crepes, and coffee.  You can make your sweet tooth happy at this little food stall.I stopped in for dessert tonight, but will try them for breakfast next time!Nice selection of gelato including my favorites mango and coconut! Very creamy, the coconut gelato  actually has shredded coconut inside!  $7 for 2 scoops in a cup.  Not too bad in the new Vegas.The smell of fresh crepes is awesome with both sweet and savory option available. Will update this review next time after I try them.Plus your favorite espresso based coffee drinks are available.They are in the same location as Cocolini but have changed the name.4 out of 5 stars...will update after my next visit
5	Okay so this was an awesome find.*NOTE: It's kind of hard to find..it's in the Venetian Casino Food Court on the first floor*We had the lox bagel, banana and chocolate crepe (amazing), and bacon, egg and cheese crossiant. So good! And cafe au lait and chai tea were great. Everything totaled out to about $48..which is cheap compared to everywhere else I ate in Vegas (including the $25 hamburgers).When I'm in Vegas, I'll be back!
