4	We ordered a large pizza here to go one night and were not disappointed. Great NY style pizza, thinner crust. Place was pretty cool, lots of race paraphenalia.
2	Even with the munchies at 2am this place is bad. I've eaten here and at the one in South End and both are a waste.  I usually just eat at the Pita Pit or risk a bacteria infection and eat from one of the street vendors(the chicken on a stick is might damn good!) by The Forum.
4	This was the first good pizza place to open in Uptown.  It was a welcome addition to the noon time choices.  I am giving it four stars for that reason alone.
3	Even though the address says Trade St, this place is on the back corner of the Hearst Tower on College and 7th. The best thing about this place is that it's open until 4am on the weekends. Don't bother going there between 1:30-3:00, however, since it is generally filled with drunken club goers. If you happen to BE one of those drunken club goers, then you should fit right in. Just don't get too rowdy or the cops will drag you out of line and toss you outside.I don't bother with the slices or premade calzones anymore...they are ok, but if I want left-overs I'll make them myself. Get a whole pizza here or try the wings (not bad for a pizza place). The best time to go here is early evening on a weekend night when the weather is nice. They will usually open up the windows, letting the breeze and sounds of the city flow in. I like to sit by the open window with a friend, a large pizza, and some beers and watch the clubbers roll by on their way to the alley. It's no hot tub in the Rockies, but it beats eating hot pockets in front of the tube.
4	Despite what some people say, the old original Fuel location was on Trade Street, just a bit down from the heart of downtown. The newer location in the Hearst Building and on South Blvd try to reach the heights the old one had, but they fall just a bit short in my opinion. For a long time this was my favorite pizza place in Charlotte (along with Wolfman), because they had that true NY style of thin slices with heaps of greasy meat piled on top. I will second the opinion given below that the single slices heated up are definitely not the way to go, if you are going to come here you have to get a fresh pie for the true experience.The non-pizza items are also pretty good, especially the wings. If you like hot stuff as much as I do try them Inferno style, just have plenty of water or beer to cool your mouth down! The garlic knots are also dangerously addictive, and if you're not careful you can easily fill up quickly before your pizza is even ready. Overall I still think Fuel is the place to go if you want some REAL pizza, and I don't think Charlotte has anything to knock it off the throne just yet.
3	Ordered from Fuel takeout the other night when we were completely starving and craving some good greasy cheesy pizza. The delivery came on time - as you know, when you are that hungry every minute counts - and he was very nice. The whole way back up the elevator I was enveloped by the scent of melted cheese and greesy cardboard. I couldn't help it so I peeked in the box - it looked GOOOOOOOD. We got it home and began devouring it immediately - half regular, half chicken parm, which I regretted after I ordered it because I knew it wouldn't be the NY style chicken parm that we were craving. We were right, but it still wasn't THAT bad. Our hunt continues for The Great Pizza, but Fuel did the job pretty well.
2	I am torn on this late night pizza joint. Great pizza, but absolutely the worst service I have experienced in a long time. Not only was the staff unable to correctly do their job, but they were rude to the customers and to each other. A supervisor ran around the restaurant screaming at customers about last call acting as if his paying customers were nuisances. His staff behind the counter talked about him and the customers while cursing as if no one could hear. After a staff member screwed up my order, she screamed at me that I was to blame and she was too busy to help and it wasn't her problem. Her supervisor did not help the situation. Needless to say, I am happy that I do not frequent Charlotte enough to be tempted by their great pizza as I refuse to give them another one of my hard earned dollars due to their awful service. Suggestions: Clean up your unprofessional and rude staff!!
2	I'm not a huge pizza fan, so my review may be a little biased based on my taste. But I do enjoy an occasional pizza pie, & Fuel just isn't impress me all that much.I've eaten at this Fuel in downtown Charlotte for late night several times & the place is always packed. They're open after the bars close, so expect some long lines full of boozed up late nighters. And unlike some other late night options in Charlotte, Fuel takes quite a while to get your order placed, & then you have to wait again to actually get your food. This whole line/wait can take from 20 min up.Once you get to the front of line, they have a lot of pizza topping options, from your basics to some odd ones. Along with pizza slice choices, they also have garlic knots which actually may be better than the pizza. When you finally do get your food, the pizza is nothing special, especially considering your wait. To me, it's just your average, run of the mill pizza.I'd much rather have a different late night meal than pizza, but I still don't think their pizza is worth the wait. But if you really do crave pizza after bar hopping, then head to Fuel Pizza for a lengthy wait to satisfy your pizza hunger.
2	Pizza is like art. Your dough acts as a canvas and your tomato sauce is like the paint... ok, I know, cut the crap. It's just pizza.My mom came to visit this weekend and we found ourselves at the door of Fuel - the neon sign beckoning us in - so we accepted the invitation. First impression: Truck stop? Where is the gasoline smell? I mean, if they want to go all the way authentic they should just put in a gas pump. Heck, that would draw in plenty of people!We were the first ones there.. which was good because about 3 minutes later the line was out the door, literally. We each got a slice. I kept it plain, what can I say.. I'm a pizza minimalist. You can really tell a lot about a pizza place by the way a slice of cheese pizza tastes.. and this is.. average. Although I do love the thin crust I'm lost with the amount of grease. The sauce is good, not to sweet, but the cheese is sparse and knowing what you can get else ware makes it less worthwhile.I'd say this would be a good place to crash in a drunken stupor but for my sober days I'll head out to Rosario's in Concord. That's a real pie.
4	I wasn't assked but...let me tell you...I did not anticipate pizza south of the Mason-Dixon line to taste anything like a northern east coast walk through the city.  I was pleasantly shocked to find myself licking sauce off the lips of another patron in the Fuel Stop that afternoon I went.    It was really that good.  It was "lick the lips of another patron good".  Can pizza taste any better down here?Still...don't give up on a few of the other NYC pie makers quite yet.  But I will continue to make this one of my stops everytime I am in the Queen City.
3	We came here last night for a quick bite before hitting the town a little, and I'm glad we did. I'm a huge pizza snob, and Fuel really holds up well. First of all, it's fast: you get your food quickly and efficiently, and it never tastes like it was just microwaved or heated up. It's always pretty fresh, which is key. The also have beer offerings, and that compliments the food really well. A lot of pizza joints don't, sadly, and that just won't cut it with me. I got two slices: buffalo chicken and spinach-tomato-ricotta, and both were pretty great. The buffalo chicken was amazing, but feel free to add Texas Pete's hot sauce (there are plenty of bottles available) to give it some extra zing. The other slice was good, too, although a little heavy on the ricotta. Shockingly, I also got a side salad and couldn't believe it: all the veggies and lettuce were fresh and crunchy. Great value for just a few bucks. Don't fear trying one if you're not looking to get completely full throwing down an entire pie.
4	I could probably eat pizza everyday and be completely satisfied but I can't just eat ANY pizza. I discovered Fuel Pizza when my mother brought me a slice of their lasagna pizza and I was instantly intrigued. Their pizza is thin with delicious crust and the toppings are great. I like places with really great specialty pizzas and Fuel has some really great ones. They offer combos which I would suggest if it is your first visit. It's a cheap way to sample a couple different types of pizza without committing to an entire pizza. I would also suggest the garlic knots. This will renew any New Yorker's faith in finding a decent pizza place in Charlotte.
3	Fuel Pizza is good but definitely not the best in Charlotte. I like to come here when I am looking for a quick lunch fix  ( under $6 for a big slice and a salad, you can't go wrong there) or after a night of enjoying drinks. I like that they have different toppings from the standard  such as spinach/ricotta, bbq chicken etc compared to pepperoni, mushroom, etc. I hear that their full pizzas are a lot better than their slices and looks like they have a good variety of those as well. My slice of BBQ Chicken was flavorful but not memorable. All in all, good pizza in a pinch but it won't be winning my heart as "Best Pizza in Charlotte" anytime soon.
3	Let me paint the scene for you: It's about 2:30 am on a Saturday night/Sunday morning. My friends and I have been at the Lady Gaga show for the past 4 hours, before that we were in a hotel room imbibing in a few adult  beverages. Now it's late, we're starving and there is no McDonalds in sight (by the way, what's up with that?!) So we beg our cab drive, 'PLEASE SIR, Take us to somewhere that's delicious!' And Fuel Pizza is what we found, or rather what we were taken to. There was good and bad to this trip (bear with me, my mind is a little foggy on the exact details). We arrive, step out of our cab and see that the line is out of the door and down the street a few people. Yikes. But we're hungry, and we're a little tipsy* so of course we decide to wait. We chat, time goes by, but it is a LONG wait. On the plus side, I think it's awesome that there is a pizza place that stays open past 2am - that's a very rare find where I'm from in the Hampton Roads area. Anyway, we finally get to order: a few slices and a few garlic knots. The prices are good, I think I paid 6 bucks for a drink, a garlic knot, and two slices of cheese. The pizza is alright - it's thin crust and greasy, but let's be real - that's the best kind of pizza when you've been out and about all night being tipsy*. So it was a fun experience, just me, my friends, and every other drunk in Charlotte waiting for a slice of pie.*We took cabs ALL night long. If you're gonna be tipsy, be responsible.
3	Forgot to yelp Fuel!So, same World Cup day that I'll never forget, while R and I were at Town Tavern, I got hungry. I remembered Fuel around the corner, and since Town Tavern didn't serve food, it would be a-ok to get my nosh on.During a lull in the game, I sprinted around the corner and breathlessly ordered buffalo wings with spicy sauce. When they were done, I threw cash at the cashier and sprinted back to the bar.I opened the box and noticed golden brown wings. Interesting. Is the spicy sauce disguised? Nope, they just forgot to put it on the chicken.I made R run back and have them correct it. They were all good sports about it. With the sauce, the wings weren't bad at all; a good size and meaty. And the service was ace-cakes, all very nice. And there was a massive screen with the match showing, so I didn't even miss a beat of the game. I can't remember if I've had Fuel's pizza, but the wings weren't too shabby.
4	Our group stopped in for some much needed drunken munchies after a night out.  The fact that we could get decent pizza at such a late hour is worthy of 4 stars to me.  The service was quick and they had a good variety of pizza slices to choose from.  I thoroughly enjoyed my pepperoni slice and garlic knots.  The pizza crust is thin and New York style, but the outer edge of the crust had a little extra thickness to it that I liked.One of the best things about Fuel Pizza at that hour is the crowd of people that accumulates.  The huge open space of Fuel is good for socializing, or just sitting back to watch other people socialize.  There tends to be quite a random mix of people late into the night.Fuel would probably not be my #1 choice for pizza in Charlotte, but it makes for the perfect ending to a night out uptown.
2	The two stars are for one thing.. The SLICE.  It is a descent piece of pie that would only be completely wonderful at 3am after a long night of drinking.  Other than that, this place is grimy, creepy, and nasty.  I would suggest trying one of the other Fuels outside of the city.. Trust me.  -Ian M.
5	Always exceeds expectations; better tasting than other Fuels.
4	We were looking for a pizza place downtown open late and stumbled upon Fuel. Even at 1:30 a.m., the place was packed, albeit with inebriated post-clubbers speaking at the same volume they did on the dance floor. The pizza was good and the prices were reasonable - we loved the little garlic bread balls. I didn't find the place dirty - the only thing that pained the eyes were the horrible ensembles worn by the patrons. Cocktail dresses should NOT be worn with flip-flops, ladies, and disco ball-inspired clothing IS as ridiculous as it sounds.
3	Fuel Pizza is a hot spot for spilling out of uptown clubs and bars and when in need of some good greasy pizza.  It's normally pretty crowded and in my opinion, the food isn't spectacular but there just isn't much else to choose from at that late hour.  It's a pizza by the slice kind of delivery and the choices are pretty decent so no complaints there.  I like it....just don't love it.  As always if you go late enough, there is some really good people watching.
3	I love Fuel as a post-1am drunken pizza spot.  It would get 5-stars for being such a reliable late night option.  It's in a great location, near the epicentre and is an interesting place for people watching during late night.  I've been here once during regular people hours and wasn't very impressed with the Pizza, but things always taste better when you are drunk or during late night.
1	Awful!!!! If i could give it no stars I would!!!! Awful!!!! Way way way over priced for bad/ok pizza... over $12.00 for 3 slices who do they think they are...? There food is Ok at best! I live and work uptown I will never go back and will warn friends to stay away!!!! AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!
2	I guess their pizza taste great if you're drunk. Slices are so bland and bad. Nothing special here. Overpriced as well. Villa Francesca has much better slices. Check them out instead.
3	After the bars and clubs close uptown, this is one of the few eateries open, and it seems that half of uptown descends upon this place. Expect everyone in line to be at least mildly intoxicated, and a longer line than Macy's on Christmas Eve. Bear with the wait and crowd, and you'll be treated to decent pizza and wings at prices slightly higher than the competition. Not bad, but if you're having a pizza fix at a decent hour there are better alternatives uptown. I'm sure they make a killing catering to the late night crowd, but why wouldn't they? Sometimes gluttonous pizza with friends is all you need after a long Friday night.
1	Unfortunately this could be one of the most disappointing lunch experiences I have had in Uptown.  Being Catholic, and Lent, I was thinking about a slice of cheese pizza, no meat, but didn't want an entire pie. So, after hearing Fuel sold pizza by the slice I called and confirmed, as well as found out they serve side salads.  I headed over around 11:30 to miss any lunch crowd, with having to get back to the office.  I decided to go with the spinach and tomato slice, side salad and 2 garlic knots. First, let me say they put the slice of pizza straight in a brown bag, not horizontal.  So, needless to say when I got back to the office the toppings had literally slid off, the slice was soggy and the bag was covered in grease, ugh! As for the salad, the onions were brown, and I mean bad brown, plus the lettuce was brown and wilted as well.  So, I slid all the toppings off the pizza, ate the dough and ate the garlic knots, after having tried to pick through the lettuce and onions for something fresh, NO.I should have known this would have been a bad experience when the guy at the counter was rude and things moved very slowly with only three people in the restaurant.  I absolutely will not be back anytime soon.
1	Aaaaaa-hole employees give the worst service you'll ever have. Unless you're blackout go elsewhere. They wouldn't give me a water for a dollar. $1.08. Ate the pizza dry as shit. Never again. Pizza was good though.
1	Second delivery second problem.  My girlfriend ordered wings and I took the order.....no wings.  When we called, she was informed that we did get the wings.  Evidently, they are invisible wings!!!Pizza was mediocre BTW
1	Ordered at ORDER HERE sign. She sends me to the cashier. Cashier asks me to repeat my order to him. I give him an "are you serious" look. What a bunch of idiots.
5	Fuel pizza is usually decent. Good drunk food. Tonight I visited the College St. Location sober and was pretty impressed with the quality of pie and quality of service. No over the top non-sense. Just thorough delivery of solid pizza. It was around 9:50- didn't catch names. But Goldberg looking fellow that brought out pizza and desserts was hauling ass. He deserves a beer or 8.
