5	Great place. Nice and very helpful staff. Clean an lots of variety..everything is perfectly priced. Very cool that you can try liquid smoke before you buy!!! Thanks!!! I will be back!
5	Don't waste your time going to just any smoke shop for your vaporizer needs. Service at this place was like being custom fitted to a fine sports car. I've been trying to find just the right setup for a couple years now and they were able to set me up with a full system that satisfied all my requirements. Clouds of vapor, good flavor, and consistent performance. Not to mention no gambling on a cheap product off the Internet that may or may not work well and no waiting or paying for shipping. A++!
5	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.This is by far my favorite smoke shop. The staff is very friendly and really helpful. When I first went in, they didn't have the cigarettes I wanted, so they ordered them for me and they were in the next day! They let me try some of the vape cigarettes for free and told me they would work out a price for me if I wanted to buy one in the future. They are open early and the prices are very reasonable. I only come here now because the guys (who I assume own the place) and the girl who works on Sundays are incredibly nice. I recommend them to all my friends!
1	If I could give them 0 stars I WOULD.Tried talking to a worker on the phone to see if they sold a certain item I wanted, HUNG UP ON ME. Couldn't even imagine how they are in person.
1	BUYER BEWARE! Went in for battery charger, walked out with Vapor and attachment, was told there was a year warranty on all products. ONE WEEK LATER, I knocked the Vape over onto my dresser, took it back to the store for replacement. Was told warranty only covered battery, also they said I had to have broken it myself, nothing they can do. I am reporting them to BBB, AZ Dept of Revenue (forgot to mention, part of original deal was they said they would NOT charge tax on 2 of the products) and who ever I need to for selling cigarettes to minors. When I originally purchased my Vape, there were very young kids that walked in and bought loose tobacco. I asked them when I left how old they were, 14!
5	Great service, great prices, and great e-juice make this shop a must for area vapers.
5	First time walk in there, great customer service, fair prices and they have a lots of varieties of the vape juice flavors , they help me find the perfect match for my taste  I'll recommend this place to all of my friends.
5	I tried so many Vape Shops and this place is my favorite! They have everything and the best qualities and varieties! The customer service is great and they are super friendly! Highly recommend!
5	Trend Vape Is without a doubt the best vape shop around. They have such a wide selection of e-juice! The staff is also so very helpful. I will def be back!
5	This is the best Vape shop I have ever been to!!!! The most amazing customer service. The best vape flavors and plenty to choose from. If you want a great smoke shop to buy your vape then this the place!!!!!!
5	This place is amazing!!! I have never been to a vape lounge with not only 100 different flavors but the fact that I was allowed to try each and every one and have them spend over an hour with me explaining all the mods available to me!This is Definately my new spot!!!
5	Great customer service, very friendly,  great prices. The employes take the time to explain their product very  thourghley . I needed  to quit smoking and Adam help explain what I need to do. I bought their E- juice, what a great product . They have a great text program to earn points as well. I recommend this place than any place I ever been. Good job guys! Keep it up.
5	Went to this shop randomly and Adam there is a great guy with plenty of knowledge of vaping. I was impressed with his customer service and their juices are by far the best I've tasted so far in the city. Recommend the "Strawberry Cheesecake", it's great!  This is my new go to shop!
3	It ok. They do have a large selection of juices but the ones I tried were average. As far as the staff/ownership goes I'd say they were certainly friendly but the furthest thing from knowledgeable. It's more of a tobacco/glass shop that seems to be trying to also capture the growing vape market. If your looking for average juice at a decent price this place would be A-OK. If you're looking for The Standard, Five Pawns, Suicide Bunny you'll be outa luck.  Certainly not a bad spot but not the kind of place I'd visit again.
5	Stopped in tonight with my boyfriend and we can't stop talking about what a great experience we had! Jessica and Adam were helpful, friendly and knowledgable. More than accommodating, and went out of their way to make us feel like we have a friend in the business. As a newbie to vapes, I was worried I might get oversold by a salesperson but they immediately put me at ease. Jessica was very patient with letting us try whatever flavors we wanted and making great recommendations. Adam was very friendly and honest with us. Even though this shop is across town from me, I can't wait to come back because of the selection available and incredible customer service. See you guys soon!
5	Chill place. Many e-juices to choose from. The attractive woman working helped me to pick a couple of new flavors I really like. Very helpful, extremely courteous. Their mods looked cool as well but I didn't take the time to browse those. Inexpensive tanks and up to the higher quality is there. I like that the juice is all natural and it tastes great, vaps great as well. I'll be back.
5	I have been to many shops all over the valley for vape accessories, batteries, and e-cig juice. This is not conveniently located to my home, but I make the drive anyway because their juice is the best and have referred some friends there whom were very happy as well. They have the best juice in the valley, hands down, great selection. Their flavors are not overly sweet which is what I like best. Great customer service, great products!
5	Without a doubt best VAPE shop in town. Since this was my first REAL attempt at quitting smoking they asked questions and were able to find me the perfect kit and juice. I am visiting from out of state and when I get home will be purchasing only from here online. The prices are fantastic along with the knowledge of the staff. They have made a difficult transition so much easier. I am now smoke free and have been vaping a month and I'm just fine. There selection of juices is fantastic. They also take the time and listen to what your looking for. I have been there. 3 times in the month I have been here and I have been satisfied with the service and friendliness of the staff.If you are really wanting to quit or just enjoy vaping look no further this is the shop for you.
5	The BEST vape shop in Phoenix by far!  If you want to learn the real facts about vaping, this is the place to go.  The staff is very informative and friendly.  They are happy to take the time to help you find what you need for the best vape experience.  Their juices are made with all natural ingredients and there is a huge selection to choose from.  Drop by and see for yourself, you won't be sorry!
5	Friendly and very knowledgable. I would recommend to everyone. They asked the appropriate questions and were able to provide choices that were suitable to choose from. There were samples and a very large selection. Place was originally intimidating because of the bars on the windows. However, the vast inventory explains the additional security measures
5	Been awhile since writing my first review. Still just as impressed with the people at Trend Vape. Not to mention the fact that I have yet to find juices that compare with theirs. 6 mg Pink Lips on a dripper setup is absolute bliss!
5	Trend vape is a cool spot to go to I got recommended by my friend Ricky ... he's got some good juices good prices too I will definitely be stopping by again soon
5	Hats off to Trend Cape Smoke !  This establishment is incredible. I've been going there since they opened. Friendly, courteous, knowledgeable staff. Great inventory of Vape products, and other assorted smoking devices.  This is a local  business that is upfront and honest !  One day several months back I stopped in for some refills. I had just came from the bank, and accidentally left an envelope with a very "Large Sum of Cash" in it on the counter. I got almost all the way home, realized it, and freaked ! Went back, and after they had a little fun with me, handed me the envelope ! Everyone had a good laugh ! Boy, was I relieved :-)  Everyone there is Great !  If you use Vape products, you've got to try this place !  David G. - Phx. AZ.
5	Hats off to Trend Vape Smoke Shop !  This establishment is incredible. I've been going there since they opened. Friendly, courteous, knowledgeable staff. Great inventory of Vape products, and other assorted smoking devices.  This is a local  business that is upfront and honest !  One day several months back I stopped in for some refills. I had just came from the bank, and accidentally left an envelope with a very "Large Sum of Cash" in it on the counter. I got almost all the way home, realized it, and freaked ! Went back, and after they had a little fun with me, handed me the envelope ! Everyone had a good laugh ! Boy, was I relieved :-)  Everyone there is Great !  If you use Vape products, you've got to try this place !  David G. - Phx. AZ.
5	Great Vape Shop! I didn't have a clue what I needed but I knew I was finished with the Blu E-cigarettes. Max helped me choose the right liquid and paraphernalia. It couldn't have been easier. And... best of all.... it fills the bill perfectly. Max patiently showed me how to customize the drag to my preference and other important details. I can honestly recommend this neighborhood business. Good products and good people! Thanks! Arleen
