3	9/26/10Decided to stop by and have a look after my dinner at Orange Sky.  This much-anticipated lounge just opened this past Friday, and while the concept has changed from it being a nightclub into more of a lounge w/ a rotation of live entertainment (dueling pianos, DJs, and tonight's wonderful band of trio, The Nate Williams Band (sax, acoustic guitar, and percussion-- loved the singer's voice!).  I really enjoyed the urban atmosphere... there's a lot of great potential here (as there is for the whole resort), and we can only hope that high standards be maintained to keep this space vibrant and successful!A quick study of the bar menu reveals very interesting (and quite affordable!) flights of wine ($12 to $25 for a flight of three), cheese ($18), meats ($21), and chocolates ($18)!  There is also a $28 sampling of cheese, two meats, a chocolate, and a glass of wine, your choice!  I really love the sightlines, the sounds, and the FEEL of this space, and, after reading the menus, I cannot wait to try the wine and food flights!!View the menu!http://www.talkingstickresort.com/uploadedFiles/Talking_Stick_Resort/Dining/Degree_270/Degree%20270%20Menu%20-%20Wine%20and%20Food.pdf
4	On the 14th floor of the new Talking Stick Resort, awaits a hip and modern wine/chocolate/cheese lounge that provides sweeping views of the east and west valley.  Watch the sun set over the Phoenix skyline as you sip on a wine from their progressive wine flights menu, starting at $11.  Predominant wine regions are Californian, French, and Italian.Cheese flights (from $18) take you on a journey from full flavored to fresh and creamy.  For a more robust pairing, there are cured meat plates from $21 (such as the San Daniele prosciutto or bresaola) accompanied with local olive oil, balsamic ciabatta, lemon wedge and shaved parmesan. Noshing is not complete unless you have the sweets.  A unique offering here is the chocolate flight.  Yes, chocolate flights.  For $18 sample the Belcolade, (Decadent belgian chocolate with jasmine tea and Ginger) or the Callebaut (Belgian with chili, cinnamon, and Mexican vanilla).To impress your date, order the tasting trio (for $28) for two cheeses, two meats, one chocolate, and a glass of wine.A delectable way to start your evening, before the live entertainment gets you on the dance floor.  You can bebeguiled here on a nightly basis ;)The lounge itself is posh, but not overindulgent.  Catering to the thirty something crowd, there are many plush couches, comfortable seats with tables that encourage friendly banter, and of course the floor to ceiling windows which provide great views and conversation pieces.Staff is friendly and attentive, bar tenders knowledgable, and the cocktail menu fresh and exciting.A great place to start the evening, or bring a date!
5	I almost didn't want to review this place because it feels like the best kept secret...no one seems to know about it and it is AMAZING!  The wine flights are awesome, the view is to die for (go at sunset) and the decor is right up our alley...super mod, contemporary design. Very chic and interesting decor. In fact, it was so incredible that I made my husband and his friend to check out the ladies room...black subway tile, super cool sinks and an incredible view. (OK, that sounded a little strange that I made my husband take his friend into the ladies room....but really, it was that interesting!).  I also ventured into the men's room just to see the decor myself. We went at 5pm on a Friday and it was dead. We were shocked...how could such an amazing,cool place not be busy?  It's our new fave wine bar, really truly.  Try the Laetitia Pinot Noir (if they still have it).
3	3/19/11Decided to hang out up here after work recently on a Saturday night after having dinner at Ocean Trail down below.  We were going to check out the wine flights, but table service was practically non-existent-- spotted one server in the entire room (which seemed so small now that there actually were people, all in their mid-20's and mid-30's-- a stark difference from the crowd up above at Orange Sky), and she spent at least 15 minutes chatting w/ the two suits sitting there.  Thank goodness we were able to take our glasses of wine from our dinner at Ocean Trail up here!  We felt sorry for the lone bartender working the bar, as there were two groups of about 5 or 6 who all wanted drinks.  The Nate Williams Band were playing and sounded very good, and there were a few people dancing.  Resort management should really re-think about playing some great house-music to get this place hopping!  Nice patio space, but the smokers out there need at least a table or two to set down their drinks.
5	This is a nice lounge/bar to hang, super nice views, beautiful atmosphere and just an all around classy place.  It is on the 14th floor and when they open up the outside portion when weather permits it has great views and the fresh air feels awesome.  If you want to impress a business client or just have a quiet date night with the spouse I would recommend this place.  Plus smoking is not allowed unless you are outside on the balcony....thank god because the casino floor is awfully strong with the smoke smell.
1	Arrived with a large group - You can almost see the $$ signs in the waiters and wine steward eyes.  The wine suggested was a great producer but in no way fit to be drank.  It was a huge bottle that needed to be moved and we bought in.  The waiter did not even notice the spilled sauces on the table, the crumbs in every corner, or that  silverware for next course was not all placed.  Too bad I had to ask my neighbor for her knife.  No offer of coffee or after dinner drinks.  Food was OK.  But service was offal. I prefer a quick serve restaurant that notices a detail or to.  Did I mention the 18% on an $800 dollar check.  I think I will celebrate some place else next time.
2	degree270 could be a really cool spot, but it's a miss in a lot of ways....Pros - Amazing views, terraces, open layout, part of the casinoCons - No cocktail servers, interior is cheaply done, no furniture on the terraces, won't allow you to open the doors because the air conditioning can't compensate, serve cocktails in plastic cups, decent appetizers but not worth the prices.
3	This is a pretty cool nightclub!  It's on the 14th Floor of the casino and the view is amazing.  Here's my thought: I wish this place would be more popular for the younger crowd. My friends I'm not getting any younger myself, but if I'm a club promoter I can't say Degree 270 would be my first choice.  The music is hip and actually very good. Drinks are affordable and plus you have a swanky restaurant upstairs and a casino downstairs - right? Right? Well again the crowd needs to change.  In the end, it's about whose who and why they should go.  I would come to lounge and enjoy the music and view. I'm for sure the people here are A+ people.  This is not your typical club....really it's not. - Enjoy!
3	We've been here now twice.  Not a bad spot, really nice views, and a good set-up.  The music is hit or miss.  The service, well there is no service.  There are bartenders.  You cannot run a tab.  The set-up is very nice, as there are places to be if you want to be in the middle of the action, and then there are spots that you can slip away to for some quiet conversation... Will probably try it at least one more time...
2	Went to Degree 270 Saturday night with a girlfriend around 9pm. The casino was packed. They treat this like a Vegas hotspot, complete with velvet rope line leading up to a counter where you tell them where you're going and get ID'd and a bracelet. They also have a dress code (which seemed rarely enforced, considering all of the shorts, ripped jeans and flip flops we saw) and a $10 cover charge for men on some nights. So we had high expectations...Which quickly crashed when we entered. There are a few lounge areas, but there are also odd high-top tables with linens like you'd find at a wedding. There were very few people, so the huge open areas just felt strange. The view was on 3 sides and great. Some people danced. It was too loud to be a place to lounge.They're totally not a wine bar anymore--just a dance club. When I asked the bartender for something girly but not too high calorie, he suggested a vodka and red bull. Or vodka and pineapple. Then just shrugged. See, there actually is a difference between a mixologist and a bartender! And as others have noted, they do serve drinks in totally tacky plastic glasses. I paid $8.50 for a vodka and tonic.It was a really mixed group, in age and dress. We wouldn't go back.
1	Seriously?  Not only is it not worth the $10 cover charge for the guys, but it's not even worth the drive if it's free!  You can find plenty of night clubs with bad bar service, skanky girls dancing imagining they are in Vegas, and a ridiculous cover charge for no reason.  I waited for 25 minutes just to get my drinks.  Not only that, but this place is ranked as a "roof top bar". Iif you know that roof top means having a roof, and being on the top floor, then you will be severely disappointed.  there is a tiny balcony, but not much else.  I was disappointed because I was looking for an actual rooftop bar... You know, outside.  Whatever, if you are looking for the exact same thing you can get anywhere in Scottsdale, but with a casino 14 floors below you, by all means, go here.  You can just go 1 floor up to the orange sky Lou he and listen to 270* from their patio.  Also, you might get your drink faster.
3	So I show up lookin all fly and feelin good. I awkwardly walk through the casino trying to find this elevator the front desk speaks of to the club. There's a line of people waiting to check IDs and my hopes start to sink. I'm clearly the youngest person here. And I'm 27, which is not too young for a club. While in line, which Why am I even waiting in line looking this good? Damn. Anyway, while waiting in line against my will, they turn a few dudes away for wearing jeans. So you would think exclusive, right? Not really. I don't pay a dime to get in because I'm a chick, but the dudes pay $10, sucks!Ok so I get upstairs. Make a sweep for my friends and check the place out. The bouncer in the elevator was saying how the crowd was the best he's seen in a while. He must have been talking about a different club because all I see are a whole mess of unfortunate old men and a handful of tacky looking young girls. And of course the younger, wall flower guys who stand along the edge of the dance floor creepily watching people grind while clutching their Bud Light until it almost shatters. Ick. This isn't too cheap of a place and bartenders are in their own little world. This guy in a wheelchair was in front of me waiting to order for a few minutes and the bartender blatantly ignored him. Not cool. I ordered one mixed drink and three shots. I asked him how much it would be and he said "I don't know! I'll ring you up when I'm done". Seriously? All you do is make mixed drinks and shots and you can't figure out off the top of your head how much it will cost? Ugh, well the answer was $40 fricken dollars. We danced to about 6 songs, all rap/hip hop dance crap. He even played one song twice. So lame. So totally not recommended.
1	The Talking Stick it's self is not a bad looking/running place, as for 270... Just do a 180 and not waste your time or money. Went for a group Birthday party,few of us had rooms and others drove in. I was one not get'n a room(strike 1), went online and checked out the website bout the dress code,maid sure I'd be in (to far to changed)(strike2). If you don't have the right  shirt your NOT getting in, I was dressed business ready, others man it in with baggy,Jordan's,and pants off their butt.(strike3) drinks way over priced,way to small of dance floor.
3	What a waste of a nice dress!  I came here for a friends birthday party and can't say that I would return unless I had too.  One of they guys in our group was wearing a t-shirt, a cute trendy one, but was not allowed in because guys need to wear collared shirts.  Um ok...but I saw one girl allowed in that I wouldn't let into Mc Donald's allowed in with what she was wearing.   Her shoes almost looked like house shoes and I can't imagine she had showered lately.  My friends and I just looked at each other kind of worried about what we would walk into.Once inside, it actually looks like a nice place, kind of small, but nice enough.  The music was alright, but you will see plenty of people past their prime attempting to dance.  The drinks left something to be desired.  I left early...netflix was sounding really great at that time.
2	Club is nice. Inside walking stick casino. $10 cover for men no cover for ladies. Dress code a little ridiculous. Jeans, no jeans, collar, no collar just seemed to depend on the bouncer's mood. Best if you stay at the resort.
4	I read all of the reviews for this place and most people hated it while others were like meh. It actually had me worried that we would not have a good time. However me and my group of friends had a BLAST here on Saturday night.  The DJ was excellent, the drinks were overflowing and very reasonably priced plus everyone was dressed up and extremely friendly.  ( Guest including staff) We seriously had a blast dancing all night for a friend's birthday. The weather was gorgeous so standing on the patio when you needed a some fresh air after all that dancing was perfect. All in all, I will say will be back again one day soon.
2	zzzzz.....you call this a niteclub? We went with a group of ladies to dance the night away. Nothing was happening when we walked in, we were the first people to arrive at 9:30 PM on a Saturday night. Where's the techno trance funk that's being played in the rest of the valley? Seriously, your dj was playing early 80's hits....for the senior citizens in the room....Bartenders have ZERO personality...put some ladies behind the bar -at least let some personality flow besides the booze....geez....talk about stiff dullards.....Lastly, the two stars are for the blue lights and cushiony chairs, oh and the views out the window and balcony. The staff working the room were men without personalities....which makes the venue nothing worth mentioning .....
1	What a joke. We went to the Casino for a group birthday party and then decided to go up and have some drinks and dance at the 'club'. We get to the door and they are charging a cover and have a strict dress code with security at the door, so we are thinking it must be worthwhile. Guys - $10, girls free - whatever, I am from Vegas and used to it. I pay the smug cashier for myself and my boy with a $20. I pass through first to proceed to Security for "dress code" (in a minute), while the all-star cashier charges boyfriend $10 - again. Nice. I didn't know until later or else there'd be no more to tell of our experience at this hole. I am told I am not in proper dress code. Not planning on a fancy adventure at the Casino, I am wearing jeans, leather shoes, a white tee with a black hoodie. I am told I have to tuck my hood into the back, it isn't appropriate. But a hump on my shoulders from the fabric is? Whatever, it isn't like my hoodie makes me look like a hoodlum, but I play along while [Security] is getting a moment to [a] job. We go up the elevator, all hump-backed out and in need of drinks. Get up to the top and see what looks like a Conference lobby space that has been set up for a cocktail party in a Red Lion Inn. What a joke. The bar is small, has 2 bartenders for a mass amount of people pushing their way up to the front through what is a confusing line/dance floor. Yeah - where people dance is basically the same place where people line up for drinks. You can see the DJ booth in the photo I uploaded. I am surprised they didn't have a bubble machine. Guys walking around with hooded sweatshirts, untucked. A weird mix of people, but whatever. It was crowded so obviously some people like it - rock on. I am just not one  much for pretentious-acting, trying-to-be casino nightclubs that have shit to show for what they front downstairs. That elevator ride should have kissed me before it....
5	Wonderful and beautiful upscale restaurant on the 15th floor overlooking the gorgeous valley. Private booths and outdoor seating available. Pricey, but worth it.
4	I when to this place last month to celebrate my birthday and I was pretty surprise how good was the music but one thing is for sure drinks r expensive and weak but over all it was a pretty good and fun spot.
4	So I came on a Saturday night with a friend and it was easy to find the club in the resort, the staff was very friendly and helpful. So women are free but men pay $10. You get a wristband and you head up on an elevator to the 14th floor. Given that, it had really nice views, reminded me of some clubs in Vegas at the top of the hotels. This is something unique in the Phoenix valley because you sure ain't got that in old town, all those clubs are on ground level. Well once we got in the club, we realized we stood out immediately. We are both in our early twenties while the rest of the crowd was in their late thirties to early fifties. We were the youngest there, but before we left we wanted to check it out and maybe, just maybe, there was a poppin dance floor. As it turns out there wasn't, there was a large dance floor, but it was empty, people were sprinkled throughout. The DJ was good though, similar to the music I hear in old town, a mix of electronic and hip-hop. Most of the people were crowded at the bars or in the walkways and surrounding seating area. How unfortunate because this place is absolutely beautiful. The design is high end and the lighting is dim but not too dark, just right. I gave it  4 stars because it is a nicely designed club with great views. Just because the crowd is older and not everyone was dancing (yet) it was 11:30, I can't give it a lower rating, that's just not fair. I actually will bring a friend in her late thirties here  though! She's always saying how she feels "too old" for old town, so this club is perfect for her. :) This club is perfect for ANYONE who feels "too old" for old town. FYI, if you're not staying at the resort and are just visiting for the club, park in the visitors lot and usually there's someone in the golf carts that'll take you up to the resort, they go by tips, so it's not like in old town where it's a fee. My friend and I were in short dresses and heels so you can imagine we weren't really dressed for a long walk up. It was just nice and convenient, so of course I tipped well! We were relieved that this service existed at this resort. P.S. - I forgot to mention there was a cop standing by the elevators at the club. And the security was all over the place. That was a great plus. Although the cop was the youngest and most attractive guy there, how unfortunate, haha! So yes, we did end up leaving 10 minutes in for old town and hit 3 places there before calling it a night.
1	I went with a large group of people to this club on a Saturday night. We had, close to about 20 people in our group, for a shared birthday party. A lot of us decided this would be the perfect place to celebrate because we could get a few hotel rooms and not have to worry about finding a designated driver, as well as being able to dance and gamble a bit. We all went straight to Degree 270, as soon as we got to the club there was a line to get in, which is standard for any club. We waited about 20 minutes before we got to the front, but one guy in our group had on a black v-neck, which is not allowed so he was told he needed to go buy a shirt from the gift shop to get in, or get a collared shirt. His shirt was nice and not in any way offensive, but they would not let him in so our entire group did not go in. Because we had a few rooms and had already spent a lot of money in the hotel, we asked to talk to a manager to see if they could do anything for us. The hostess of the club laughed at us and made us wait for 15 minutes before she even called for a manager. When the manager came out she explained the policy of the dress code, but when looking at the sign it says "refrain from wearing." While the manager explained why we could not get inside, I watched a few guys get in the club wearing v-necks. When I mentioned that, she replied "they are purple members," well am I not spending my money here also? Is a plain black v-neck so offensive that it is worth turning down 20 people from a club that had a lot of money to spend? Then she decided to prove her point and went to the line of people and told all the men who didn't have the right attire to leave, I watched half the line walk away. The most disappointing moment of the night is when we talked to the main manager, whom when we explained our dilemma walked away from a guest as they were talking and said "I HAVE BETTER THINGS TO DO!" (I should also mention this man he walked away from, serves for our country.) We did not swear and we did not get out of line. The sad part is everyone I watched enter that club left less than 10 minutes they entered. I could not get a refund for the room and ended up going to old town for the time of my life, even though I wasted all that money at the casino.
2	Went on a Saturday night for a friend's birthday partyWell the positives are that the view is amazing and it's easy to find.. It's pretty much down hill from there. The drinks are over priced and watered down pretty much like I was paying for a Vegas drink with half the Liqour content. The crowd is older then expected I would say the post 40 range probably won't return or recommend
1	Came here to celebrate one of my friends' birthday. It was Saturday night they played slow rap that you can groove to, which is fine... BUT damn switch it up!!! The music was horrible, the SPEAKERS were blown out & it was muffly, so funny because there were people in ugly ass plain Walmart T-Shirts with flip flops.... GHETTO women w/ no class & may I remind you we are on the border with Scottsdale!!! If you are going to a club ladies DO NOT wear your grandmas prom dress from 1950's & have a little bit of respect to people & don't have sex on the dance floor, the hotel has rooms for that!!! My husband & I and so are my friends were very disapointed with the whole club!!! They didn't let us in there one time bc we came to the casino to play & wanted to check the club out, I had a summer dress with flip flops & they didn't let me in... so I thout oh Wow they must have a very fine dress code so I thought "it's ok" maybe nexf time!!! Well next time was last night & I will not return!!! If you want classy & good music go to downtown Scottsdale!!!
1	Don't go there total waste of time and money.  The door guys are rude liars. Ten dollar cover even after 1:30
2	Used much better than now. Now have to buy a seat section $1,500 + depends how many couches- suck!!!! Just a couple - can't enjoy all time
