2	It was in my neighborhood and I figured I would try it out. I have to say that being a person who looks a details, I was disappointed.I had a male "therapist" and at one point while I was receiving massage on my forearm, he placed my arm in his lap and leaned over, trapping my hand on his privates. First I thought it was accidental, but then I wondered, since he didn't adjust it and kept going. I felt quite awkward and uncomfortable. He continued and repeated the same behavior on the other arm, maybe it is acceptable to his practice and doesn't think anything of it?! The rest of the treatment was OK, but one thing that a lot of places seem to do is having the "therapists" talk to each other when you are two or more people receiving the service in the same room. I am there to relax and not to listen to a conversation in a different language. If you need to catch up, please do so not on my time.When we were checking out, the lady told me that she would charge me $2 extra if I paid with my CC, even though I confirmed it upon arrival. She should have informed me at that time, NOT when I am checking out. No posting anywhere of such a policy, I believe she made that one up on the spot.Those things totally put me off and I hope they are more cautious, there are SO MANY foot spas here in Vegas, so the choice is not limited by any means. I will not be a returning customer.
5	This is my dad's go-to foot massage whenever he is in town.  He loves their efficiency and that there is no "downtime".  He hates it when his foot soak is 20 minutes of the "massage". Here, while his feet soak, the masseuse massages his upper body area (head, shoulders, etc.).  So this place gets an "A+" in my dad's book.
3	Not a fan of this place.. Grand opening special for $35 (before tip) for an hour massage.  My friends and I came to the place after our weekend in Vegas and a AYCE sushi pig out just a couple shops down.  The guy that I had was pretty strong and was massaging me pretty hard.  Don't get me wrong, I usually do like the stronger massages to get out all my knots, but I was seriously flexing the whole time.  I just wasn't really feeling his whole routine/techniques and just felt like the massage was very .. mediocre.  It might be because I have been spoiled by wonderful $20 massages in 626 and Westminster, but I did not leave that place feeling relaxed.  Would not come back.
2	I was disappointed with this place not because of the massage; which was good but this establishment has no staff. The masseuse is the receptionist, manager, and janitor. Every time a new customer comes in my masseuse leaves and arranges the massages for the customer. What was a hour massage took 90 min. We actually found this place after having AYCE Sushi at the end of the strip center, but I will not be back.
1	Horrible. Not relaxing at all. I feel worse now than I did before. I also do not like how they treated my wife.
2	I did not enjoy my massage here. The lady was way too rough and it was just so painful from beginning to end. My boyfriend said his was ok.The really annoying thing too is that the ladies kept talking to each other so it was really hard to relax when they were talking loudly the entire time.
1	Worst experience ever!!! I paid for an hour and left after 20 minutes. The lady working there was alone and took her sweet time in arranging everything as I was a walk in. She was way too rough and that was only my feet. When I told  her it hurt she laughed and continued to do the same thing. That's when I was like ok...I gotta go. I'll pay you and even give you a few dollars tip just so I can leave. Just awful! I'm shocked I'm not bruised up because of her.
