4	Vegetarian.  Very good pizza, staff is very friendly and helpful.  My fav pizza.
4	This place is pretty cool. We had never had Papa Murphy's before we moved down to Goodyear, so we decided to try it out. The staff is always super-friendly and helpful, and the prices here aren't bad. The staff always makes sure you know what to do with the take-and-bake pizza, just in case you've never had one before :)
4	When we were driving around Goodyear to see if we wanted to move here my husband spotted this Papa Murphy's and decided right then and there that this was the place to be lol. Last night we decided to give it a try and were delighted to find the good ol pizza we are used to plus a few new ones at the same great price. Since we have tend to have pizza about once a week I am sure we will be back regularly.
3	Very fast...decent prices and tastes ok... Just let it cook a minute or two over
5	Love this place! Chicken bacon stuffed pizza is my husbands favorite! Thin crust artichoke chicken is awesome!!Staff is friendly.
3	I can't decide if I like this place or not. The pizza is ok...I have to cook it myself....which can be nice, or can totally suck. If what you want is to grab a pizza for the babysitter to pop in the oven later, or just to grab a dinner to another night maybe- then this place is great...if you want to feed a crowd...not the place to go.
5	I'm one of those annoying people you've met, who form a firm opinion about something without trying it and then, after being convinced to finally make a go of it after God-knows-how-long, not only changes their mind, but becomes a fan.Papa Murphy's is no exception.  When they first came into existence, my attitude was that I wasn't going to pay them almost as much for an already cooked pizza, then take it home and do all the hard work heating it up.  Their propaganda that cooking it yourself makes it fresher and tastier was as convincing as FOX News claiming to present fair and balanced reporting.  How very wrong I was.It's worth to pay what you pay to take the pizza home and heat it up and exactly for the reasons they claim.  In addition, I have found that the veggie pizza is absolutely loaded with fresh veggies and enough cheese to give a mouse a heart attack from excitement.  The staff at this location is always friendly, gives helpful advice and is efficient and fast.  And not once, and I do mean, "not once", has any of the pizzas been a disappointment in any way  (except, maybe, to my waistline).Hands down the best pizza in Goodyear.
4	They are fast here and also helpful they will do a half and half of whatever you want for the picky ones at home. They have salad and minis also sweet baked pizzas for your sweet tooth. Make sure to take advantage of the coupons that come in the mail.
5	Never had a bad pizza from this place! The wife picked up a large chicken and bacon pizza on her way home tonight and in convinced I'm going to beg for a pizza once a week.Especially since she works so close to it and we live so far west, NO ONE will deliver pizza to us. Regardless, this one would be better anyways.
3	I love pizza!!!  But for some reason P.M. Is just not for me. my family loves it so naturally I'll eat it. I have not experienced anything bad from this place but I guess it just depends on the persons taste buds.
3	I love pizza!!!  But for some reason P.M. Is just not for me. my family loves it so naturally I'll eat it. I have not experienced anything bad from this place but I guess it just depends on the persons taste buds. Good enough to eat but definitely not my top choice.
3	Its pretty good. Very tasty and filling. I'd give it 4 stars but,I just wish there was a tad bit more sauce on their pizza's,and a little less doughy.
5	This place has really good pizza, especially their pan pizza. I noticed the amount of toppings you get as well, and it is way more then other pizza places so you're paying less for more. Plus it is all fresh what more can I say.
