3	I was not too impressed with my first experience at the Mandala Tearoom.  Several of the items on the menu where unavailable that day (including the one I had hoped to order) so I decided on a vegan BLT.  It was okay, but nothing to rave about.I did enjoy their selection of tea.  I had a delicious "Coconut Creme" black tea that I would highly recommend.Next time I go I'll take my fella, we'll go stretch out in their comfy lounge area, sip some great tea and skip the food.
5	This place is amazingly good. I love going here. The only bad thing is its in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale which can be a bitch to navigate. Trust me though its definitely worth it. They have many types of teas and I personally love the toasted Foccacia Bread with 3 spreads. Uh! Thinking about it is making me extremely happy!
3	I really wanted to like this place more than I did.  The concept earned it an extra star.  The Valley is devoid of vegetarian restaurants and was dying for a good teahouse.  I tried brunch and while the food was good, the prices were high.  Additionally, the service was bad.  I'll give it one more chance.  Check back for my updated review.
5	Just had lunch here and was impressed. Great vegan menu, which is much needed in the Phoenix Area. Service and atmosphere were both nice. I enjoyed the ceasar salad (not the best vegan dressing i've ever had but still good) and a wonderful BLT on foccacia. I've been hoping for a place with a simple good BLT for a long time in this area and they've definately got it. I had a taste of the chips and salsa which was also excellent and comes with a great vegan sour cream
5	I'm a recent transport from los angeles, so you can understand that I've been having major vegan food withdrawals...then I discovered mandala. The macro platter and the BLT are everything a hearty vegan meal should be, not to mention the space just makes you feel healthy the moment you arrive and everyone is really nice.
3	Organic Vegetarian cuisine. I agree that Arizona needs more Organic and  vegetarian choices.I agree that the ziti was pretty boring. The spinach salad I had was huge. There was more spinach than I cared to eat though and ended up just picking out the tempeh and other yummy toppings. The bench-style seating make the seats  too close together for my personal space requirements. On one visit, I had the misfortune of sitting next to a table of 4 adults and one kid plopped right next to me in a high chair that found it amusing to throw his food all over the floor beneath he and I. On the other side, was a couple that seemed to be having an intimate meal. Both of my neighbors were within arm's length.I do love the seating near the window where you can  sit cross-legged with a nice privacy screen. And once it cools down, the outdoors should be nice.Their tonics are pretty yummy. As a Green Girl, I love the dual-flush toilets and other Green furnishings spread throughout.Overall, a good aesthetic representation of Organics, but the food could use some more oomph for the prices charged. I'll stick with them, though. I have high hopes for this new restaurant.
4	Lovely place with good food.  100% vegan and healthy.  Good selection of raw and/or gluten-free items.   Friendly helpful staff, sometimes slow and forgetful, but always pleasant.  Clean cool new age atmosphere.  The tables are a little close together, but the seating is comfortable and the music softens the sound space.  Sometimes there is live music.Easy to find, plenty of street parking available.  I've tried the dinner and the brunch.  Mandala would rate 5 stars except for some food related shortcomings.  Raw burrito was full of salty olives - too salty for me, and unexpected in a raw dish.  Blue corn pancakes were undercooked, though the flavor was good. (on the bland side, but I prefer that to an oversalted fried ihop style concoction)  Also the service could afford to be slightly more attentive.On the positive side, everything else we ordered was good, though not hugely outstanding.  The menu could afford to be slightly more innovative.Despite some shortcomings, Mandala is by far the best place I've found in the Phoenix area for a healthy vegan meal.  It rates among the better vegan restaurants I've been to in the U.S.  The prices are reasonable for a nice restaurant and I look forward to my next opportunity to eat at Mandala.P.S. The spa/apothecary next door is nice and seems to be open even  in the evenings for after dinner treatments.
3	Great place to get fresh, healthy, solidly-executed food.  Unfortunately, the menu's lacks imagination and is a bit limited, especially for brunch.  There are more choices for drinks than there are for food, hence the name Tearoom.  All teas and coffees are served in french presses with an egg timer so you get the perfect brew.  You get the choice of soy, rice or almond milk and a wide range of sweeteners.The blue corn griddle cakes served with maple syrup and blueberries was full of fibery goodness.We also had a spelt foccacia sandwich filled with an artichoke-garlic spread, spinach and shredded carrots.  The salty miso soup helped balance the blandness of the sandwich.Healthy doesn't necessarily mean bland.  I've had some great raw vegan meals in NYC where they use lots of herbs and spices to make up for less salt.  Mandala could be great with an injection or two of creativity.
4	I'm not a vegan, but I love Mandala Tea Room and Mandala Apothecary...I've been on several occasions and enjoyed it every time.  Not only do they have a ton of teas to choose from. but they have elixirs and organic beer and wine too.Most recently, I went in on a Monday night with my bf.  We both enjoyed the herbal iced tea of the day and we shared an order of the tempeh lettuce wraps, the daily soup inspiration, and the curry vermicelli rice noodle bowl.  It was just the right amount of food... it was tasty and light and all of the flavors went well together.  I've also enjoyed the macro platter on previous visits.  We had great service from Carrie and Ali, and we heard that there is live music every Thursday night and that they may be starting a movie night sometime soon too.  Could be pretty cool!  Carrie informed us that 'mandala' means "circle" in sanskrit. There are beautiful magic mandala artwork throughout the restaurant.  When you look at them, you almost lose yourself in the intricate details in each one, and there is deep meaning behind them as well.  I noticed that Mandala has a kids menu as well as some delicious looking desserts.  I hope to save room for those next visit!  I'm also looking forward to returning to the Mandala Apothecary nextdoor where they offer organic beauty boutique products and a holistic healing spa...
5	I've eaten here about 6 or 7 times.  It's always a pleasant and delicious experience.I'm an on again, off again vegetarian and on Friday afternoon when my boyfriend told me he decided to become vegetarian, I couldn't have been more excited!  The crazy thing is that on Wednesday I had decided the same thing without telling him.  He always makes fun of me when I decide to go veggie.  BUT now with him doing it as well, it will be a breeze!  Now if only I could commit to being a raw foodist for longer than a month at a time... hmmmmm.....On Saturday morning I said let's go to Mandala Tea Room to celebrate our first day of being vegetarians together.  So we did!  I ordered the blue corn pancakes with raspberries and a side of tempeh bacon.  He ordered the BLT.Both dishes were scrumptious.  They accidentally brought him out a salad, so that nice for him.  He ate all my bacon, and then ordered another plate, and only gave me once piece from that order. ha!The ginger iced tea of the day was refreshing.  My favorite is when they have a coconut iced tea.  We debated between the tiramisu or the the blueberry/raspberry cake.  Our adorable waitress asked us if we wanted sinful or playful.  So we went playful with the blueberry/raspberry cake. It was also nice that they were playing our current favorite album, In Rainbows, by Radiohead.  A day hasn't gone by since we got the cd this fall that we haven't listened to it.  This is one of those restaurants that I could eat at every single day and be super happy!
4	I was a vegetarian for 15 years, so I'm not afraid to enter a restaurant that is vegetarian or vegan.  My husband, however, is a different story.  He is not a fan of vegetables in general.  So I used my friend Brian's trip to Phoenix as an excuse to check out the place that I heard really great things about.I ordered a tea with orange and licorice.  It was very yummy and I had a hard time choosing between all of the options.  I was very happy with the drink as well as the timer that accompanied it to insure that it was perfectly brewed.The appetizer was so good it's hard to explain.  We ordered the crumpets which were pieces of perfectly toasted rosemary foccacia covered in 3 different spreads: white bean hummus, tomato and fennel, and garlic/artichoke.  I went with the macrobiotic platter as my entree, and Brian ordered the Jerked Tempeh.  My meal was absolutely macrobiotic, which I have dabbled in from time to time, so I wasn't surprised at the lack of spices.  The only complaint was that there are too many beans.  There is no need for anyone to consume 2 cups of adzuki beans.  No one.  The platter was otherwise delicious.  Brian loved his Jerked Tempeh.Then there were the desserts.  I'm always willing to try desserts, but Brian was a little more discriminatory.  He asked the waitress if she was a vegan, she answered that she was a vegetarian, to which Brian said "Good, I don't trust vegans telling me that vegan desserts are good."  I found this hilarious, but so true.  She assured us that the desserts did not taste like cardboard and talked us into the blueberry cake with tofu icing and the tiramisu.  I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to tiramisu.  It's my favorite dessert, but again, I'm always willing to try dessert.  For a vegan dessert, it was phenomenal... rum flavored icing, super moist cake-y bottom.  But it is not anything like real tiramisu. The service was great.  Our waitress was super informative and extremely helpful.  She even knew the amount of time that it would take for our appetizers to be finished.It's a little pricey, but it was very good.  I'll definitely be back.
4	Get your Buddha on!100% vegetarian/vegan, all organic menu with friendly, happy people serving you...what more do you want?Mandala is a cute little restaurant in the Scottsdale Arts District. It has a nice variety of menu items ranging from raw foods, macrobiotic, low-cal and high-energy options. Granted I just came here after yoga class so my chi was already happy but the food really was tasty.I had the South sandwich that has a black bean and rice veggie patty with vegan mayo, tomato and lettuce. A small and yummy scoop of tabbouleh-style quinoa salad accompanied my order. To keep cool in heat, I opted for a sweet but tart hibiscus ice tea (caffeine free).Mandala has both indoor and outdoor dining options and plenty of parking.It's a nice place to go out to eat and have a healthy meal that does a body (and spirit) good.
4	I'm diggin this place. Cool atmosphere, soothing music, hipster waiters...ok, am i still in the Valley?!My friend and i drove up to Scottsdale for the sole purpose of eating at this joint. We ordered the appitizer nachos with vegan sour cream and black beans. Pretty tasty. Instead of getting something cooked, I went for the raw entrees. I asked the server what the most popular dish was and he directed me to the burrito. The burrito was wrapped in iceberg lettuce and had a bean-like filling with guacamole and sprouts. sounds simple but the taste was crazy/delicious.Its a little pricier than say Green or Veggie House but a great place for a late lunch/ early dinner! nothing was too heavy and I love the feeling of being satisfied but not stuffed. Try it at least once.
4	I really enjoyed my lunch here on a weekday a couple months ago.The atmosphere was really relaxing; soft, interesting music playing, decorations were nice, seating was comfortable. The menu is definitely interesting; everything is vegan, organic, and lots of spelt-y things. I ordered the lettuce wraps, half tempeh and half "live" teriyaki. Both were really good, fresh and crunchy with good sauces. I also had some tea, can't remember which one, but they have a great selection, lots of different kinds. My friend had an "elixir" which was infused with herbs and oils to fight off a cold (she said it was good). The service was good and friendly. I can imagine if there were more people at the place it might be less enjoyable, since the draw was the relaxing quality of the restaurant (and the tea!). I'd definitely like to come back here again.
4	We went for brunch today and it was AWESOME. The place was quiet and calm and the waitstaff was friendly and efficient. Their vegan brunch was better than any other vegan brunch I've had, and we have some excellent restaurants in LA. This will become a regular place to dine when I visit Phoenix.
4	A little overpriced, but they are in south scottsdale.I had the BLT and really enjoyed it. I would definitely eat here again. The decor is really awesome, as well.
4	Mandala is delicious and inspirational.  Every time I go I steal a menu to butcher their ideas in my home kitchen.  If you like processed, chemical-laden food, laced with complacency opiates, then Mandala is not for you.  It is the opposite of food-coma, it leaves you feeling refreshed and sated.  I have tried the teas, and they are delicious, but frankly, I concoct enough elixir style potions in my home apothecary to spend much on them while out.The service is always great, and the servers have that sort of cutesy yellow-orange-green tinge to them that says "I juice a lot of carrots!".  Why I find that cute, I don't know, but it is sort of precious.  I think it reminds of this woods-wandering vegan I knew my freshman year in college who would play his guitar and munch on veggies and give you these insane massagey hugs that in ten-years-hindsight may have just been groping.The collard-green wrap was freakin phenomenal - and raw style.  I would recommend leaning on your server for a very honest review of the soups.  Sometimes they are amazing, and sometimes they are...  very... healthy.  Generally though, serious deliciousness.  I'm all about super-healthy food that tastes amazing.  And the deserts are pretty awesome, too, but I don't really like sweet things, so I may not be a great source on that.My one beef (haha, no veggie pun intended) with the place is the IKEA seating.  The booths are kinda.... eh.  For a spiritual - enlightened - organic place, I would rather have seen them use local artisans or something, instead of souless-swedish mass production.  Otherwise, the mandala paintings, and decor are very nice.  The bathroom is distinctive and clean, that's important to me.I will always come back, and I hope they are wildly successful.  Re: the prices - they are organic.  please check out this link if you have any question as to why that is better, albeit more pricey.http://www.mandalatearoom.com/choose_organic.htmlDelicious!  Three cheers!  4 stars!
2	I was invited to meet there for lunch recently for business. We ate outside on very uncomfortable metal chairs. The view was nice of the top of camelback, but that was the only bright spot for me that day.  I ordered the West veggie burger but they were out of the soy bacon. And I said that's fine, i don't need that, and then they said that they were out of another ingredient and suggested I order something else. That was fine. I settled on the ziti al forno. Then another waitress came out and told me that the ziti would take another 30 minutes to cook. And  I asked my business associate if that was ok. It was and so I said, no problem. Then like two minutes later my food was on my table. Hmmm...And this was about four ounces of ziti smothered in this  very cheezy (ricotta like) red sauce. The flavor was bland and the pasta was overcooked. It was almost a mushy consistency. The highlight of the dish was two small wedges of garlic bread and a sprinkling of chopped nuts on top. That gave it some much needed texture. All this for $14....YIKES! Since it was a tea room, I did order a tea and was surprised at the presentation. It was a small cafeteria-style glass. I think I would suggest to them to work on their presentation a little more. That was $3 but it could have gone up to $6 if I added two more tea leaf combos to it. My friend did order the soup of the day which sounded pretty good. I would probably go back there again to try some of the other food. This review is only based on one visit. I think it might be worth a second look. I'm hoping my next visit is a better one.
2	We finally happened upon this place the last day of our voyage to the desert, and after a fantastic brunch, we ate there again for supper! Why the 2 stars then, you ask? Read on, dear Yelpers, read on.I mean it, after brunch, Mandala had me in their hip pocket. Good part of town, rather nice aesthetic, tasty looking menu to greet us. Things were looking good. We went for a Pesto Scramble Plate (with potatoes, toasted focaccia), The Waffle, and a side of tempeh bacon. The Pesto scramble was fantastic. A great balance...Not too much tofu...chocablock with spinach and tomatoes, and a perfect pesto. The focaccia was very good, and the potatoes were well seasoned, not too oily and nicely crisp. Large portions and piping hot. Love that. Waffles can be a risk, but this one was very nice. Cooked all the way through! Yay! Yes, it was a wait...but I would rather sit, wait, and then enjoy good food than be rushed a plate of under-done batter. A good texture...a bit dense, but not too much. The syrup was top grade, and matched well with the tempeh bacon, which would have been the best of my life if not for it being ICE cold. It was so anti-climactic. Yet, we did not let it spoil the experience...everything else was fantastic.So, we come back for supper...and here is where our tale goes awry.This time, we opted for the tostadas plate and the jerk tempeh. Considering the $14 (!) dollar pricetag for each entree, and the ample brunch, we were expecting more than enough to share between two adults and a toddler. The food arrived after, again, a long wait. But I was not thrilled when I saw the plates. My mums tostadas were rather sad...the nice, fresh-toasted and flavourful corn tortillas just looked so bare. A thin schmear of beans...a bit o' lettuce and tomatoe drizzled with a vegan sour cream...and some small sides of guacamole and salsa. It was all flavourful...there was just so little of it.But the jerk tempeh plate was just a joke. It came on a HUGE platter, and there was a lot of bare ceramic in front of me. A small scoop of rice with a few sauteed peppers and pineapple chunks on the right and 4 thin slices from the smallest sweet potatoe you ever saw. The tempeh? Oh, yeah, 5 1-inch cubes mixed in the rice. I almost missed them...especially because I gave 4 1/2 of them to my nephew, since there was so little food. The half bite I had could, I suppose be called jerk tempeh...only because I felt like a jerk for ordering it. There was no spice, no flavour. Just sweetness from the pineapple and peppers...maybe a hint of allspice on the potatoes. I was so upset...were I not still quite sated from brunch, I would have been a downright beast at about this point. Nevertheless, I knew that I would be quite hungry later, so we got a piece of cake to take away. Then we waited for the bill. And asked. And waited. And waited. And watched the servers make VERY questionable serving decisions. And waited. And waited. Went to the toilet (seriously, go for this alone...there is an exhibit in there that will just leave you laughing...apples. candle. urinal.). And waited. And I went and cleaned our car while mum waited. And then, it reached the point where she had to yell to get their attention -again. It was ridiculous. As were the prices.So, a very mixed review. Great breakfast. Criminal supper. Poor service. Good cake. 2 stars. Make of it what you will.
4	I had heard about Mandala from a friend, and Idecided to take some friends there to try it with me (they were both meat & pototoes type people but the wanted to try it).  If you understand you are going to a Vegan restaurant, you'll really like it.  Before I moved here, I lived in Eugene, OR for 2 years, so it was a nice to find a restaurant like this here in the valley.  Prices are a little high for comparable food at regular joints, but you pay for better food quality and fresh ingredients.  Service was very friendly, and the atmosphere was very relaxing.I love tea, and the selection of hot tea was amazing.  My only gripe was that they were out of the tea I really wanted.As for the food, it was light, fresh and delicious.  The three of us split the "nacho" appetizer, and it was a pleasant surprise.  It was loaded with fresh pico & guac and a ton of beans.  I ordered the East sandwich, and it was good.  Loaded with veggies.  The parsley salad that came with it was a bit over powering, but I don't think I've ever had parsley salad that wasn't... We had cake as well.  I had the blueberry lime.  It was moist and the two flavor profiles worked well together.For me, I ate a ton - appetizers, entree and dessert, and I never really felt full like I would had I devoured a regular restaurant meal.I'll definitely be back.  The hot tea, fresh food and a relaxing atmosphere were a great way to finish what was a long day at the office earlier.
4	this is certainly my favorite brunch spot in town.  a plethora of teas, tasty individual french presses of coffee, vegan cakes...also a nice place to take grown-ups or people who take really good care of their bodies.
4	oooohh i'm teetering on a 5 star review...we'll see how that pans out. I arrived for dinner at MTR around 530PM yesterday and the place was full, with no indoor seating left. I sat outside, somewhat reluctantly because christ it is cold outside and i thought this was arizona and i would be hot all the time but i wish i had a fleece jumpsuit right now...anyway. I went ahead and ordered the mandala masala, an indian inspired dinner with garbanzo beans, veggies and small-chopped potatoes over brown rice with a side of steamed spinach. The scents wafting out of the front door were just intoxicating, and when my dinner arrived it smelled equally as appetizing. The taste was on par, minus the dry flavorless brown rice that may have been a bit stale. I would say that $14 is a bit much for the size of the meal but on the whole I was satisfied. I ordered a piece of vegan chocolate raspberry cake for dessert and it was good enough to write a movie about. romantic comedy i mean. first off, it was huge and just...just...perfect...sigh. secondly, the frosting was that thick dense style, and it was the perfect frosting-to-cake ratio, with just that hint of raspberry glaze mixed in.  well i couldn't talk this up to a 5 star rating, but I will eat as many slices of chocolate cake as it takes to get it there! (estimate: a whole cake)
5	This place is great.  I've hit it up a few times and really enjoyed my time here.  The food is really rich.  One sandwich will fill you up and you'll stayed filled up for quite some time without feeling like shit.The service is really nice and they offer honest suggestions.  If they think something isn't so great, they'll tell you what they think is better.  I love that.  Usually, I feel like restaurant staff are obligated to tell you that every single food item and beverage has been kissed by angels and blessed by God.  Here, you'll get some honest input and end up with a dish filled with awesomeness.Their iced teas are all great.  They're super refreshing.  I'm gonna hit this sucker up on the weekly when it gets to be frying-balls hot in Phoenix again.I haven't had their beer yet.  Everytime I've gone it's been on my lunch break at work, so I'm hoping that they are fantastic.  I went to sit outside and some lady was like, "The only thing about sitting outside is that you can't drink beer out there."  I told her that was fine, I had to go back to work and she told me the beer was bomb.  We shall see.If you're in the area and feel like eating healthy, Mandala Tearoom is a pretty good option.  Their sandwich called "The East," man... I want to make love to it.
5	Vegan coconut cake...are you kidding me? Moist, crunchy toasted coconut shavings, thick creamy coconut frosting...I just shed a tear. Mandala Tea Room is such a delight! I am forever a slave to their desserts and teas.
4	Wonderful tea, comfy seating, and great food!FOODThis was my first fully vegan restaurant experience. It was wonderful!!I always wondered what a BLT without real "B" tastes like. I must say it was the best BLT I've ever had, including those with bacon. I don't know how they did it! The strawberry smooth was also divine.ENVIRONMENTThe ambiance/atmosphere has a very modern, new age feel. The main dining room isn't huge but the seating included  tables and some long couch-like benches- great for my daughter to stretch out on when she was done eating. The front of the restaurant is completely open allowing for an open air atmosphere- very nice!OTHERBig parties may want to call ahead. And sadly, they are only open unitl 6pm on Sundays... They were very accomodating to my daughter's peanut allergy and they washed all containers for food prep just for her.Highly recommended even if you aren't vegan!
4	Had dinner and brunch, not on the same day...the dinner was good, although I thought the mandala masala could have used more flavor.  Brunch was great, tried 2 different tofu scrambles and both were very good.  Service is...let's say uninterested -- it's hard to be burdened with angst and chipper.
3	I visited Mandala Tea Room for the first time earlier this week with some other lovely female Yelpers after an intense workout class at Karve. It is a cute space in Old Town, but I didn't get to see much of the inside as we sat outside due to the size of our group and the availability of tables inside.Due to a large party inside and the fact that the reservation made earlier in the day for our party had not made it onto the books, our dining experience at Mandala took much longer than any of us anticipated. Our waitress was sweet and definitely tried to make up for the "lost" reservation and the extremely lengthy wait for our food (approximately a one hour wait) - we got some free cake to tide us over - but I thought she was also a bit flighty and perhaps a bit flustered. By the time we left, those of us that arrived at the restaurant first had been there for almost two hours.I had the basil pesto penne pasta as my dinner and it was delicious. The pasta was cooked well and the pesto was not overpowering and not as oily as many pestos can be. I could have done without the side salad the dish came with - it was unncessary and took space where I could have had more pasta! For $14, I left full and pleased with the dish.Right now, I will give Mandala three stars, but plan to return on a (hopefully) less crowded night so I can sit inside and try some other items on the menu.
4	I need to go to more places like this...the mushroom portobello sandwich I ordered was awesome and seemed healthy (called EAST on the menu).  My only complaint about the food was the Focaicca bread seemed slightly stale - I hate that.The night we went they were swamped so the service wasn't smooth (they forgot our reservations!!)...but grateful that the waitress recommended that sandwich!Love the location in Old Town Scottsdale
5	For that day when you want to eat healthy and are feeling a little adventurous, head over to Mandala Tea Room for lunch.It's not crowded, and the servers are attentive and fun.My meal at the vegan eatery was a "raw pad thai salad." Sounds odd, tastes great!My friend raved about the "b" l t.Enjoy your "adventure."
5	i'm so sad this place closed! :(
