2	Johnny Rockets is known for their burgers and milkshakes. You can sit down in a diner style room and order up things like patty melts, burgers, chicken burgers, and even hot dogs. If you order a burger and fries expect to pay over $10/person. The problem with this location is it's really not worth it. Because this is in a casino it seems a little slower than other locations. I'm not sure how often they get fresh shipments, but for lunch on Tuesday last week I ordered the crispy chicken salad. I have ordered the salad before at other Johnny Rocket's locations and it has always had fresh lettuce and was pretty much enough for 2 meals. This salad on Tuesday was significantly smaller and the lettuce was a little soggy. There's also pretty much only one guy till later in the day that is taking orders and also cooking food, which sucks. I felt bad that this guy was running a whole restaurant by himself for a while. If you are intent on trying a Johnny Rockets I recommend heading to a stand alone location so you can have a nice, enclosed restaurant that doesn't open to the casino floor where all they are focused on is food.
2	I came here for brunch on a Saturday morning, and I the waitress told my friends and I to sit anywhere we would like.  She was friendly, but she NEVER came to our table to take our order.  After half an hour, I decided to walk to the front register and ask for food myself, and she took my order.  I waited another HOUR, and this is fast food? This is a Saturday and there were only two people working.  Lots of other people were becoming angry and frustrated too, but I had already paid so I had not choice but to wait.  Finally, my food came out from the kitchen. Although delicious, it wasn't worth the one and a half hour wait and the management needs to fix this.  But, I could tell that the waitress and lone cook were trying there best, but it isn't adequate for a restaurant located in a casino.
3	Scenario: Christmas Eve. Me and the hubster are bored, it's just the two of us this year, no crazy family (yay!). We need to kill some time. We decide on Silverton. It's close and we love to browse around Bass Pro Shops. But we are hungry, it's lunch time. LIGHT BULB! There's a coupon in my 2011 Entertainment Book for Johnny Rockets in the Silverton. Perfect, it has been decided. The restaurant is in the newly renovated/added area and it's pretty small. There is a counter with maybe 8 seats, a few booths that seat 4 comfortably, and about 10 tables (a variety of 2 and 4 seaters). The 10 tables kind of hang into the casino area, and there wasn't a clear place to go to notify someone you were waiting for a table. We just kind of hung around waiting for one to open up. Luckily that wait wasn't long. Our coupon was buy-one-get one, up to a $7 value so we kept that in mind while ordering. I had the combo with Fries and a Bacon Cheeseburger. Husband had The Original combo with Onion Rings instead of Fries. Each came out to $7. So with tax, tip and drink we came out of pocket $14. I think the prices are kind of high, but we are in a casino/hotel so that might be one reason why.The food came out pretty quickly and the server was OK, not amazing, but OK. My burger was very good! Lots of flavor, loved the pickle relish, special sauced rocked and the burger was moist and juicy. The fries were just, eh. Kind of under cooked in my opinion. I like 'em crunchy! Husband enjoyed his burger too, but agreed that the onion rings were just, eh. My only other issue was that the burger might have been just a little too juicy. I know, right! But the bun was kind of soggy at the end :( So maybe the burger wasn't too juicy, but the bun was to WEAK! LOL. I'm sure we will come back. I have another coupon and I was very happy overall with the experience. Next time milkshakes are a MUST!
4	I was happy with this little place ,we had lunch a burger sandwich and sourdough coated onion rings.My wife had a coke float served with pepsi it was massive (tortelloni size) they give you 2 glasses it,s so big!Nice change of pace a diner in a casino
2	Classic diner food, I had the steak and cheese sandwich which was good.  Lean meat sandwich with hot, crunchy  french fries.  The service was a bit sucky though.  Maybe it was too close to closing time, but the server had all the personality of a mannequin, although the food did come out in a timely manner.
1	I give this place a one star due to the bad service and I feel it it the fault of upper management. I went to this location on a Saturday night around 8:30, the restaurant was busy but not packed waiting about 10 minutes before someone came over i noticed that there were only two cooks and two people serving, taking orders, and working the front counter. We placed our drink order then waited and waited. 25 minutes after we arrived we finally got some of our drinks except for the shake the waiter forgot about. Food arrived and it was good but cannot get over the fact that there only was four people working. Several tables around me were also complaining about the service. Management of this location: read these comments and other from other patrons, you Will find that everyone thinks your service sucks! Staff your restaurant accordingly. This was the third time I have been there and service is always the same. I will not be back anytime soon.
1	I would give this place no stars if I could. Sat at the counter thinking we could grab a quick bite. The place wasn't packed, a few customers but by no means busy. Sat there for about 5 minutes, no menus, no "hey, be with you in a sec," not even eye contact as they walk right in front of you! Literally, 3 servers walked right past us as if we weren't even there. The manager and a server stood by the cash register (which is probably 5 feet from where we were sitting) and talked to each other the whole time. Needless to say, we got up and walked out.Do yourself a favor and go eat at the Sundance Grill in the same casino. The burgers there are awesome and you'll probably get served in this lifetime.
2	I've definitely had better service. I've definitely had better Johnny's. So, I wasn't that surprised when I didn't have a great experience.My Peanut Butter Chocolate Milk Shake was superb. I'm talking extremely delightful. The burger on the other hand was a bit meh. Nothing spectacular. Nothing mind blowing. Simply an average burger.The service sucked hardcore. I'm not talking Cinemax After Dark here, I'm talking that crazy stuff you come across on the internet that you instantly clear your cache, cookies, and history for. It just was overall absent. I had to actively search out help. I wish they would pay attention to their customers.
2	No matter how many chances I give this place... It gets worse every time! Chili cheese fries were mediocre and the shake was alright. It was comparable to McDonalds, except McDonalds is cheaper. I'm serious!Service was okay. The waiter was friendly. Nonetheless, I won't be coming back. No more chances for you Johnny!Note: This is inside the Silverton casino. It's near the buffet. I suggest going there instead.
1	I totally agree with the rest of the reviews on this location, the service was atrocious! It's a tiny restaurant and we were not even checked on once - no refills or anything! I finally got tired of waiting for her to come by the table so I went up to the counter to pay my bill. I'm a waitress myself so I know how it is when things are busy, but honestly it was not busy in this tiny restaurant and this was the very first time I refused to tip. As far as the food goes, it was not good. I ordered a cheeseburger and my boyfriend a philly - he picked his up and the grease was dripping down it. That'll be the LAST time we go there.
4	Great service, and fast..   You can build a serious burger at this place.  JOHNNY ROCKETS.  Inside Silverton Casino.
1	Not the best place.... Super slow service.
4	I was Christmas shopping for my wife at Bass Pro (she likes ducks, so I figured that would be a good place to look).  This is my first time there, and only went because I was hungry and Johnny Rockets was in the casino.    I'm kind of surprised by all the low reviews this place has received.....the food was really good and the service was top-notch.  The overhead music was a little loud, but overall it was a good experience.   I've been to many other burger places in town, and this has so far had the best tasting burger yet.  In-n-out...will never go back for another of their botulism burgers, Steak n Shake....decent but overpriced, Five Guys....meh, anything with a drive-through or a clown....forget it!  I ordered the Rocket Double and a root beer float, it was good and I'll definitely go back there again when I'm nearby.
5	Quality Food, Quality Service, Quality Attitude. 5 Stars.Here's what you get (especially if Anne serves you): Great, attentive service, healthy food, and refills on your drinks. Ok, what more can you ask for? So sometimes they're busy! Big deal. You're in a casino and probably on vacation! Maybe you like one of the other venues better, huh?The price equation is a little weighted (about $15 bucks per person with drink tax and tip give or take)...but it's the hard working employees (yes, Anne, I mentioned her by name AgAiN!) that make this review 5 stars.
3	We only went here because we had a buy one get one coupon and my husband likes Johnny Rocket's (he insisted we eat at the one on our cruise ship!). It's been a while since we've eaten at one on land, it's gotten really expensive for a sit down "fast food" type burger. Service was quick but there were only a few other people eating. The burgers were nothing special, skinny fast food type burgers, lots of topping, bun is thick and fresh. Our fries were crisp, not greasy. The onion rings were kind of gross though, not sure if they were over fried or old, the dipping sauce it came with had no taste. Chocolate shake was thick and tasty.With all the burger places around, I wouldn't go back. Not even with a coupon. Totally not worth it.
5	Anne did a great job we had never been there before, we had the Houston very good burger.  Great Music as well.  Thanks again Anne
3	Overpriced for what you get, but a nice diner experience in a clean environment. Between the two of us we got a double-decker burger with bacon, a grilled cheese sandwich, fries for both of us, and pop for both of us.  It was $23! Ridiculous. The burger was good, the grilled cheese was rather pedestrian, and the fries were standard-issue. It's a "safe" place to go if you don't mind the prices.
1	We got a Groupon for this burger joint and and once  we went to pay they said they didn't take the Groupon unless it was printed out. We explained that it clearly said you show the app or print it out. They said they couldn't accept anything that wasn't printed out. The manager then came back and said now the 'Owner' said they would absolutely not accept it and that they weren't participating in the Groupon (they changed their story). The groupon clearly said the Silverton location. They had their location taken off the Groupon site but non the less the way they handled it was very poor. They lost a customer.In this case it was just plain horrible management. They did a VERY poor job in handling this. We purchased a groupon in good faith, we went to the location that was specifically on the groupon, and the owner was a jerk about it as if we did something wrong.
3	We went here when the Sundance Grill was closed for cleaning after 11pm.  The girl Sarah was very helpful even though they were OUT OF HOAGIE BUNS!   I was devastated since I was craving Philly Cheese steak.I'll tell ya what. They have better  Philly's than inside Sundance Grill.
2	We went with a Groupon offer for a buy one get one free combo order. Never had so much trouble using a coupon before!  The manager on staff was kind enough to "let us use the offer" even tho we wanted to order a veggie burger instead of a meat burger.  We got charged for our drinks which should have been included with the combo offer. Whatever.  I like their food.
3	Johnny Rockets inside the Silverton is a good option for a quick and inexpensive bite to eat. I like that they stay open later than the other dining options with the exception of the 24/7 Sundance Grill, but there have been instances where I've come by before closing to find them closed, even having asked a few hours prior when they close. I like to eat late, and I'll set my alarm on my phone to be sure to show up 15 minutes before closing, and it stinks when told "sorry, it just wasn't that busy so we closed early", which means off to the coffee shop I go, or I have to quickly drive somewhere close by that's also closing soon. Keep in mind I'm usually staying at the Silverton, on vacation, and by 11PM, I've tied one on, so hopping in the car isn't so,etching I can do, and a $10 cab ride to the In and Out a mile away is wasted $$$. The food here is okay. The burger isn't anything special and neither are the fries. Just average fast food that's not cooked until you've ordered it, thus guaranteeing it'll be hot. Where Johnny Rocket's does shine is in the milkshake department, and since it's often very late when I'm ready for a snack, a milkshake is a great treat. I haven't explored the fancy shakes as a vanilla malted is a classic shake in my mind, but there are numerous options which look very appealing. I wouldn't bother going out of my way to eat here; I guess I actually try to plan my evening so I'm not stuck eating here, but in a pinch it'll do. The shakes, however, are worth it if you are in the mood for a guilty pleasure. Service is perfectly fine, just be sure to check in if you are planning on pushing your visit to right before closing time.
5	Idk what to say, but clean, convenient, and too cool for school! I come to this Johnny Rockets more often than the rest! it rawks! the staff at the counter serves me right quick with a smile! I don't have any real complaints! I always vary my order! Truthfully, my fav is the #12, it has a nice kick! sometimes,I ask them to add bacon and burn my meat... and they get it right everytime.well, they don't serve me a hockey puck, they serve me the right amount of thechar-meat-juiciness I request! The fries are a must!  I dig the lil sweet potato fries or the chili cheese fries if I'm stopping by for a lil bite (no burger)the place is open late, which is cool! I really really like the 50's atmosphere!someday i hope they can get those retro-counter jukeboxes to work. lol  Hey! the cool part is it has a nice 50's vibe! for me, it is a bit of a drive to go there and it is sooo worth it!Thx, keep it up!
4	We had a great server who was really friendly and attentive and she helped to make our experience a good one.  My burger and fries tasted very good.  The bun was perfectly toasted.  The lettuce provided a nice crisp crunch and complimented the meat perfectly.  It is a small restaurant but I thought it looked cute.
4	Amazing food, stayed at the silverton for a few days and it was refreshing to have a place that was available to just get a burger. However same prices as the sun dance though, but it was worth every penny. Had a chili cheese burger and it was amazing. Great service, only wish they were open later during the week.
3	The casino was hosting the annual Subie Invasion so we decided to come into the casino to cool off and have lunch. The manager was working the floor by herself and seemed to be struggling. We were not in a hurry so we grabbed two menus off a nearby table since those customers had left before putting their orders in. The manager, Kimberly, did not make any eye contact and acknowledgement at first and proceeded to take a to go order and wait on the men sitting at the counters. Once a booth cleared up we moved to it for comfort. Another employee walked in and Kimberly told him that we needed to put our orders in. It took awhile before she came and apologized for the wait and explained that the other employees either did not show up on time or they were late. The food was decent and service was ok after that. Fries were a perfect crisp. I ordered a single bacon cheeseburger and the bf ordered a chicken club and a strawberry oreo milkshake. Typical Johnny Rockets chain that needs more reliable employees who show up for work on time.
1	Worst effing service ever! Sat down before 2 other parties right next to us. They were greeted and had their drinks and food ordered within a couple minutes. Meanwhile , we had to get our own menus from the cashier station then proceeded to wait 5 minutes with no sort of acknowledgement, greeting, or that our server/order would be taken. I know the fat cow of a server or manager saw us.....how could she miss us?......we were the only non-whites in the effing place!!I guess since we weren't a primarily white party that our money wasn't good enough and we're lowly second class citizens, even though we got there first. Had a good overall weekend at Silverton but this just ruined it. Thanks Johnny Rockets Silverton! (Insert sarcasm).  Yeah that one star requirement is obligatory bullshit.
5	Went there yesterday at 3pm.  I had a Chili Cheese Dog without onion & Sweet potato fries.  The portions were not bad. Service was great & friendly.  I would rather visit this location even though it's small & inside a casino. It's clean. This location serves Pepsi instead of Coke Products because that's what the casino serves.
4	Awesome burger.  This is the first time ever eating at a johnny rockets.  This location is smaller than the ones I've seen on the strip.  Took away one star for the size of the restaurant and the cigerette smoke odor coming from the casino.   Great burger at a decent price.
5	The burgers were excellent.  I had the Rocket double,  which was nice and juicy.  The service was fast and friendly.  Will come back again.
3	Pretty pricey for a burger it was ok...  wont be going back..   server was good and atmosphere was nice.
1	We ordered our food one sandwich came to $10.74, the cashier made change out of pocket for a $20.00 told me about my ranch sauce for our fries handed my husband our food and we left.. About 20 minutes later 2 security guards knocked on our door saying we didn't pay for the food, my husband went down stair with the guards.. Cameras everywhere they couldn't watch the cameras on the cashier but watched them enough to figure out what room we are in.. No apologies from the silverton or Johnny Rockets.. Keep your receipts they got thieves working at Johnny Rockets
1	BLOWIN IT!! Unorganized & just lost previously loyal customers.. They tried to memorize our order and it obviously didnt work. First they made the wrong shake extra thick (not to mention the new smaller cups, & not giving the extras in the metal cup?? Lame). Ordered the burger w/no onions, and of course it came with extra. Over this spot. The "uniqueness" is no longer there. Coulda went to In-N-Out for the same & saved 40$
