3	I don't know about you but I am usually on a budget when going out. However one day some friends and I decided to spoil ourselves and head to the new Missoni Hotel of George the IV bridge. It was a  Saturday night so the city was buzzing. The bar is quite swish and the decour is exactly what you expect of a place trying to be upmarket and not a pub. The clientele were of various ages but not many students- from what we could tell. What is more, the service is excellent, the waitress who served us was very friendly (which does not always happen in these places) and actually came to our table to take our order. They had a good variety of drinks, and we went for the cocktail menu- which although a bit pricey (drinks starting at 6.80pounds and going up) were very good and we got a nice selection of complimentary nuts to go with them ( which also does not happen very often). We being greedy students asked if we could have some more and the waitress was great( and I think amused by us). However, the tv screens of Fashion Tv of too skinny models in absurd clothing were quite distracting, and despite its idea of trying to be a 'lounge-style' place the music was far too loud to lounge around.Also, the layout was a bit odd and we were grateful to be served at our table.  Taking all of this into account, this place would not be my first choice of a bar, with Edinburgh having and abundancy of choice, but the drinks are well made and interesting to choose from. It was in a sense trying hard to be swish, modern and upmarket but give it time it might accomplish these.
5	When this hotel first opened, it was the talk of the town. I can thoroughly understand why! The bar is gorgeous - totally different from anywhere else in Edinburgh. Yeah there are other bars in Edinburgh that are trendy and have great style - but do they have Prosecco on tap? I think not.I was here when it first opened, and I have to admit the uniforms are a bit questionable. But the overall experience is one that I go back to time and time again. The decor is really trendy, bathrooms are amazing and the staff are lovely. They give you peanuts too!It's a lovely bar in a really nice location. I have a feeling that this is going to be the place to be in Edinburgh during the festival. You heard it here first, folks
4	Prosecco on tap.That's all you need to know about this Missoni decorated bar, or rather what I need to know about this bar, so I could end the review here, but I'll probably continue, because some people prioritise more things in life than where their next prosecco hit is coming from.The Missoni label itself isn't one to shy away from bright colours and crazy patterns, so the bar is much the same. It could look a bit much in another scenario, but because it's Missoni, it works. Giant black and white vases tower over you as you enter the hotel, which is a pretty amazing building to start with, then the sleek looking bar awaits you, with some awesome polka dot and zig zagged seating, which is unquestionably Missoni identifiable. Fun and classy combined, with a brilliant cocktail menu, this should be high on the list if you're wandering the old town.
4	There's something very space age about the Hotel Missoni's bar.Located on the ground floor of the designer hotel, it has a swanky silver bar, a string of Tom Dixon mirrorball lights and lots of mysterious moon photos. There's stools dotted around the oval bar for those that like to perch and a series of small booths and low slung chairs for those that prefer to lounge. In the daytime, Bar Missoni is usually gently bustling with residents sipping strong coffee and wine whilst in the evening, it's transformed into a cocktail bar with couples and groups of friends ordering mojitos and margharitas. I had a couple of bellinis one night and a mjoito the next and whilst I thought the drinks and bartenders were great, I found the prices a bit steep and the dance music too ambient.
5	Beautiful bar, gorgeous space, with delicious drinks and great service.  And the door is manned by a guy in a Missoni print kilt.  What's better than that?
5	I have just raved about the hotel and the bar is well worth a cocktail or 2 even if you're not staying here.
4	While staying at Hotel Missoni I of course have to give the lounge bar a try.  It seemed moderately popular with a 30s well dressed crowd over the weekend.  The cocktails were well done but a bit pricey (and I live near NYC!).  Service was hit or miss when they got busy... Atmosphere is pretty nice.
3	Really Great cocktails though can be a bit pricy. I always feel that the bar is quite small and dark, which is such a shame. Service at busy times is a bit slow too.
3	I thought this place was fine, but didn't merit the multiple recommendations from different people that got me here. It's hotel bar with an extensive cocktail menu and prosecco on tap. For a hotel bar, I was surprised at how decent the prices were (or maybe London has just ruined me). The service was decent and the deco was interesting but not over-the-top or obnoxious in terms of trendiness. At least when I was there on a Saturday night, the clientele was more mature (median age I'd say was 45) and it was relatively calm.I would say this place is fine, but don't go out of your way to come here as I think it's not that unique an experience.
2	Great drinks, wide selection, special "summer cocktails". However, service was bad, as the bar staff engaged in a heated discussion about their shift grievances, making my company and me feel quite uncomfortable. Would consider going back, but sit further away from the bar!
3	I'm going to start by saying the toilets are beautiful...and yes I agree with Sarah-Jane.....very space age...cool design and very glamourous. You know you are somewhere posh when the toilets are amazing. My rasberry mule was very nice and so were the nuts on the table!
