4	Ecellent value. Great food.  Fantastic service. Lunch specials and menu. Dinner includes soup. Larger than average portions. They also have take out. We have eaten here at least 5 times, very consistent!!
4	Great little family restaurant!  Very clean, superb service, and the food is very tasty. Not greasy and always hot (temperature). Loved the angel blossoms (crab rangoon). The hot and sour soup had some fire to it, and the fried rice (not greasy) was a meal in itself. We ordered the family dinner and took as much food home as we ate. A very good value.
3	It usually takes a good word of mouth review from a friend for me to try a new Chinese restaurant. However, I was craving this cuisine and this restaurant is close by and tucked away in a small quiet strip mall. Wasn't busy at all on a Friday evening. We were greeted right away as we entered into the clean, open, no frills dining room. We ordered beef and broccoli, chicken fried rice and lo mien. As we waited our super friendly server offered bowls of egg drop soup on the house. The soup was a nice touch but nothing superb. I was satisfied with our meal but it was not the best I've tasted. Fried rice was a little bland. Beef and broccoli was delicious. Overall I'd say the service was way better than the food.
2	I am quickly coming to the conclusion that Chinese food in the valley will merely be an exercise in mediocrity.Oddly enough, the last time I had what one would call truly unique Chinese food was when i was in North Pole (not "the North Pole") Alaska.  It's in the middle of nowhere, but it's some of the best Chinese food I've had in years.But back to Chen's.  Food was ok.  Mediocre but edible.   I'm not sure this is a review of Chen's so much as it's a commentary on the sad state of Chinese food here in the valley.
3	Fairly decent food for a little Chinese restaurant. Very prompt service and the food was hot. Had chow mien with chicken and my daughter had cashew chicken. We both ordered special and they were very accommodating. We got bowls of egg drop on the house and ordered some egg rolls. All the food was good. The only downside was the waitress's daughter was there...about 2 years old and NO ONE was watching her. She kept interrupting everyone'd dinner and would stand and stare at the diners..including myself and my daughter. It was a bit annoying.
5	It has been difficult to find a Chinese restaurant in the Chandler area that has really great hot and sour soup - Chen's definitely has the best recipe we have found since living in the San Francisco Bay Area.  We really like the Orange Chicken, egg rolls, soup and salad that is served on their lunch menu.  Also, the prices are very reasonable for lunch!  Hope you try it and enjoy it.
4	It's good, convenient and it's one of the few Chinese restaurants that cooks with gluten free soy sauce.  I'm sensitive to wheat/gluten and great tasting fast food is not really an option anymore.  I especially love their pork fried rice, beef chow fun and chicken and vegetable with the white garlic sauce.  Big portions too - we always get at least 2 meals - dinner and lunch the next day!  Friendly staff too.
4	The food is good and you get enough so you're not hungry again in a few hours. The Kung pao was spicier than most other I've tasted but I like it hot. I'll be. Back.
5	We ordered take out for the first time tonight and loved it, we ill be back!  This is how Chinese is supposed to be.
4	I just really like their double pan friend chow mein.  It's far out for me since I live in Tempe, but if we lived closer we'd order out from here all the time.
1	All I can say is that the food here was YUCKY.  It was cold and tasted premade.  They brought the food out within 2 or 3 minutes of us ordering, so there is no friggin way they cooked it for us.  Panda Express is better than this, so called food.Is there a real Chinese restaurant in the valley?  Been here 2 months and haven't found one yet.
1	Poor service and even worse food.  Will never return.
1	ABSOLUTELY COMPLETELY DISAPPOINTING ! My father and I were searching for a new Chinese place to try out.. and came across Chen's Chinese Bistro. Barely edible is how I would describe this food. Not only that, but the staff could BARELY understand/speak english. I ordered the Double Pan Fried Noodles thinking it would be comparable to PF Changs ( stupid I know) and out came a slab of hard ramen.. raw veggies.. and what looked like raw meat piled on the ramen.  The only positive thing i WILL say is that the restaurant was VERY clean.. but how could it get dirty if no customers are going in and out? YUCK!
1	OK, I have been to this restaurant several times in the past 4 years and cannot believe the experience I had tonight. I have only dined in one time. We haven't gone back to dine because it is really bright and overly quiet but we get take-out. The food has always been average, but the wait time on take-out is next to nothing. I went in tonight and ordered the Dragon and Phoenix. On the menu it is states it is stir fry chicken and shrimp with mixed vegetables. IN REALITY it is breaded orange chicken with no shrimp and snow peas. When I got home and called to point out the mistake and ask to come back and get the correct meal I was told that the printer on their menus screwed up and the chef prepared the meal correctly.  When I asked why they wouldn't explain the mistake when the meal is ordered she answered "like everyone knows what Dragon and Phoenix is". LOL Apparently not everyone, because I had no idea and assumed I was getting the entree that was listed under the name. I will NEVER go back and what terrible customer service. Drive up one mile to Hong Kong BIstro for better food and better service (I would have gone there but they close at 9).
1	Ordered the moo goo pai chicken. Wait time was very quick but it was very bland and customer service was poor also. Older lady with a thick accent took my order and since I couldnt understand her entirely she got rude. Would never come back
4	I have been going here for years. Very clean and the food is consistently good.  The waitstaff are always polite.  It is not 5 star dining and the staff are not overly friendly, but for a strip mall it is excellent.  The lunch specials are reasonably priced and the poo poo platter comes with a table top grill and is nice little treat.
