5	Wow......this chicken has got to be one of the best chicken I've ever tasted.....it's nothing compared to KFC...it has a nice kick to it and a little zingy too!! It's always pipping hot and it beats making them yourself!! Also try their fried okra if you like that!!! Yum Yum!!! I'm getting a craving rt now!!!  Pllsssss bring Church's to SF!!!!
1	You have to forgive me as I am a little sad today. One of the cheapest, and best chicken places has gone totally down hill. In the world of fast food chicken places it is normally a choice between KFC or Church 's. In fact until today I would have said Church 's by a mile. Disagree? Then let 's talk price for a minute. When you can get eight pieces of chicken, four biscuits,  a side of mashed potatoes and gravy plus coleslaw all four around $10 then there is no choice involved. There is just me asking for some hot sauce and a pile of napkins. (LOL) But after moving to Michigan for a few years and having no choice but to pay the super high prices the colonel commands from his troops (customers),  I was looking forward to moving back to Arizona and some good fried chicken. But somehow things are never as great as you remember them. My first experience with Church 's was not only a disappointment but a slap in the face. Forgotten were the memories sweetened by the warm honey butter biscuits I used to enjoy. Gone were the days when I sat with my grandma and feasted on tasty fried chicken. Now all that remains is the smell of burned food that taste like it had been made three days before and reheated till it was almost charcoal.  I mean come on I like dark meat but this was ridiculous. Maybe to increase profits they were selling this cremated fowl as fuel to KFC to make their grilled chicken with (LOL). But seriously though the food was really bad. The biscuits looked like the kind you buy at the store just with a little smear of honey and were rock hard. This is to bad because they sold one of the better tasting biscuits sold by a chain ( KFC 's taste like they used to much flour, and Popeye 's is way to salty for my taste). The bottom line is with great power comes great responsibility. If you have a great product do not mess with it. Just keep cranking it out and offering it at a affordable price. Why? It is simple, because you will make a lot of money.(LOL) I only hope that someone at Church 's will awaken from this nightmare and start making the food that makes good memories instead of just making people sick.
4	This place was surprisingly very good!  I went in with negative expectations, but the chicken was crisp outside, not overly salty, plump and dripping with juices on the inside.  The coleslaw was crisp and fresh with a good balance of ingredients, the biscuits were crutchy on the outside and moist as white cake on the inside.  The service was cheerful, friendly and helpful.  I have no complaints.
1	This location has closed
