5	Everytime I go to this restaurant, it is rarely full or busy and I always wonder why. The food is great and the servers are quick, nice and helpful. Then I realized why ... there are no Yelp reviews for this place!I'll be the first (and hopefully many will follow) to say that I love this place! Hands down, this is the best restaurant to get Thai food in Waterloo.Decor: The front of the store has many Thai-influenced decorations such as statues of elephants and there is faint music playing in the background to complete the 'Thai' ambiance. There are a few (7/8?) tables in the front which fill up first, and there is a back section to the restaurant which opens up a lot more tables during those busy hours. This restaurant is a great place to bring a date (get a 2-person table by the window and watch locals stroll down King street), host a birthday party (tables accommodating large crowds in the back), or just have casual lunch or dinner with some friends!Food: AMAZING! My favourite dishes are the Pad Thai and the Emerald Curry with Shrimp. The Pad Thai is made perfectly. It is not too dry, not too spicy and has the right amount of meat and veggies to perfectly complement the dish. The Emerald Curry is their most popular curry dish, I believe, and for good reason -- it is incredibly tasty! For appetizers, I like the calamari. If you're not sure what to get, they have an appetizers sampler dish! Also, they have vegetarian and gluten-free options for those with stricter diets.Price: For the quality of the food, I'd say everything is fair-priced. They have some great lunch specials that include rice (normal entree dishes do not come with rice!) for about $10. Overall, you can get a delicious and filling meal for around $15 per person for dinner, and $10 per person for lunch. Students: if you have that coupon booklet for students, they have a 13% off coupon in there! Awesome value.Overall, I have no complaints about this place! It is a great little restaurant with amazing service and equally amazing food.
5	I am definitely a fan of My Thai. Taken many friends here before.The food is great, the price is affordable, and it's never been busy when I went so the service was superb. I haven't been let down by any of the dishes here, and I've been back a good 5 - 6 times.Getting a small table by the window and watching the locals stroll by is indeed a nice passtime, as someone already mentioned. My Thai is a great place to go for a non-expensive dinner in uptown Waterloo. Its a must-try if you haven't already.
5	Whenever I visit Waterloo, I get their green curry rice dish with a coconut shrimp appetizer. omgggg their coconut shrimps are soooooooooo to DIE FOR. Service has never been disappointing. It's clean. The decor is Thai themed. I've been here 10+ times. Price is reasonable too. You could have lunch for under $12.
4	After hunting high and low for a parking space (where do people find places to park near this area of Uptown Waterloo?!) - I walked into My-Thai just 40 minutes before closing.I had set my heart on Thai food, and chose this place after reading the Yelp reviews. However, if I wasn't so determined to try this place, and also wasn't starving after a long work day, I may have been turned off by the 'we're closing soon' comment from the waitress (and disdained look I got when I said I knew, and would be quick since I was dining solo).However, from there out, the food was so great I overlooked the rushed service. And the waitress' attitude did get a bit better...I ordered the Thai rolls to start - it's not often that places go wrong with fried spring rolls, and My Thai certainly didn't. They were excellent, and I really liked the chicken filling. I also got the My-Thai cocktail, which was vodka, mango and cranberry juice. Yummy! For my entree, I debated about being more adventurous, but couldn't ignore the nagging feeling that I needed to order the Emerald Chicken Curry - and holy smokes, I'm glad I listened to my instincts! The coconut curry sauce was magnificent, and had just the right amount of spice. There were a plethora of delicious, perfectly cooked vegetables (snow peas, green beans, baby corn, carrots, eggplant, broccoli, cauliflower...phew!) alongside lovely tender pieces of chicken. Best green curry I've ever had. Hands down.And best of all, it is affordable too. I will be back on a future visit to Waterloo. Definitely.
4	Nothing better than finding a hidden spot off the beaten path. A recent venture to Waterloo for a reunion of old University friends brought brought us here for our group dinner. We entered off of King Street and were a little remiss about the lack of seating in the front of house, however, don't judge this spot by its front, after checking in with the server/hostess we were led around back where a cornucopia of seating was available. Seats and tables everywhere and well spaced out to boot!While some previous reviews made mention of a "tacky" decor, I would have to strongly disagree and even argue that I feel they were just looking for something wrong. I think the correct word to describe this would be simple, elegant with tasteful splashes of Thai cultural items (Buddha's, gold statues, drapery, pottery). It wasn't in my face and looked fine to me.Enough about the trivial and unimportant though, lets take a look at the key fixture here, the food! To begin, one of my friends and I decided to share the Mango Salad. This dish has recently become a personal fav of mine when dining Thai as the marriage of sweet/spicy chili sauce, mixed with the saltiness of the peanuts and the sweet flavour of the mangoes is the best way to start "MY THAI" experience! My onyl critique would be that the mangoes were a touch under ripe, but not to the point where it hurt the dish - I just like my mangoes a little softer :)Next up I requested and order of their Coconut shrimp for the table to share. Only one word describes this dish - AMAZING. Huge portion of 6 X-large shrimp. I've never come across value like this. Served hot and with a side of sweet chili sauce - Excellent - Highly Recommend!Finally, as I bordered the fine line between hungry and gluttonous, I ordered my main course. The emerald curry with chicken, which I requested be made extra spicy. The veggies and chicken were cooked beautifully and served in ample curry sauce. Poured over my white rice I was full in minutes but decided - waste not want not and polished the bowl clean.All the while enjoying my food I partook and in house cocktail special to this locationI had their Thai One On cocktail. Similar to a mojito nicer taste smoother and STRONG!Awesome spot check it out
4	If you're looking for Thai food in a restaurant where your Mae Pho would be comfortable, then this is your place. The sweet & sour sauce totally make the fresh spring roll dish a highlight! The Massaman curry was a 4 out 10 on the holy s$%t scale (more good flavour than "holy.."). FUNFACT: Who knew that Massaman curry was a favourite of the Thai royal family in the 16th century. TIP: Don't sit by the front windows if you are/or with a woman who's under 130lbs during a snowstorm.
3	Compared to Toronto the food was not that great. I had the sweet soy noodles and it tasted like sugar. The place also smells weird and the service was horrible as the waitress could never be found.
4	Came here yesterday evening while traveling for business.  I always do my homework on Yelp when on these trips to try and find local spots I might not always find by simply driving around.  I have to say I was not let down by the positive reviews.The Emerald Curry was recommended to me as their best curry, and it really was a solid choice (and I have had a lot of curries).  They are not cheap on their portion size, and the service was friendly and prompt.  I love Thai curry, and seek it out wherever I go -- this curry was very nicely spiced (I like it pretty spicy) and it was loaded with vegetables, which makes me "feel" like I'm eating healthier ;)I would definitely recommend, and will likely come back when I'm in town again -- it is good quality, reasonably priced, friendly service, and a nice, relaxed atmosphere right on the King Street strip.
5	This year this was mine and my girlfriends favourite spot to go! It is actually a deceivingly large restaurant so seating is never an issue. The staff are always friendly especially when you are going there twice a week haha. The only dish I have gotten from there is the Emerald Chicken Curry which is a green curry, and coconut based curry dish. I have only gotten this because it is soo good I afraid to get anything else. My girlfriend gets the cashew chick curry and she loves that. Overall great place to get some good thai food and you should definitely give this place a try!
4	Delicious gluten free Pad Thai! I'm really sensitive to gluten, and I've never got sick after eating here. Good service too.
4	Very good, slightly upscale Thai restaurant. The wine selection was decent though on the small side, but what they did have went well with the food. The appetizer sampler was quite delicious, especially the coconut shrimp and surprisingly, the calamari. The coconut chicken soup was also a standout and some of the best I've had at a Thai restaurant. The emerald curry, one of the most popular dishes, was nice and spicy, non spicy version available, and very filling. The sauce was excellent and almost soup like. I didn't like that I had to order rice on the sode though.
3	Not the best Thai restaurant, but not the absolute worst either. The ambiance is nice - clean and well decorated. I ordered the pad see ew, one of my favourite Thai dishes. Again, it wasn't the best and overly sugared, but it was filling and had a decent noodle to meat/veggie ratio. All three of us kept chugging water though, so I think it contained some MSG or too much salt.I went with my friend, who ordered a pad thai. She is horribly allergic to peanuts and she let them know while she was ordering. She didn't have a reaction so that's always a good sign! While they weren't the most attentive, the servers got the job done. Everything was served in the plastic dishware you'd find at all you can eat sushi restaurants though, so that cheapened the experience a bit.I've only been there once and it just never stood out to me to go back again. The prices are a little much for what you really get, but that tends to be the general trend for KW, in comparison to Toronto/Richmond Hill/Markham.
2	We went for lunch today, Saturday, based on the good reviews.  Well, wish we had gone somewhere else instead!  We ordered the coconut shrimp, massaman curry and emerald curry.  The dishes came with a spring roll and rice. The portions were SMALL!  Too small for sharing.  The Emerald curry was very nice, the vegetables well cooked, not much chicken in it though, and not as spicy as it should be.  The massaman curry was SWEET.  No kick to it at all but I admit it had plenty of beef in it, and some undercooked boiled potatoes.  The coconut shrimp were very dark brown and tasted burnt.  They were also sweet and the dipping sauces for both the spring rolls and shrimp were cloyingly sweet even after we squeezed lime juice in and added chili paste.  Not the tangy spicy sauces we expect.  They serve western cutlery and we had to request chop sticks.  These were cheap takeout disposables. These are dishes made for north American taste buds - Frankly there is nothing authentic about this food.  We were feeling ill with all the sweet, cloyingly sweet - well, everything!  Even the lime smoothie tasted like it had a pound of sugar in it.  This restaurant has abandoned the usual rules of salty, sweet, sour and spicy - balanced.   The bill was $47. with tip.  It was definitely NOT worth it!!  Poor quality overly sweetened dishes and really small portions for $12. a dish.  So much for Yelps' 4 star rating.  Meh...  Go the Ben Thanh instead.  Oh yeah - the server was quick and very pleasant - the decor acceptable.  Too bad about the food.  It was my Mother's Day lunch :-(  by the way, parking is on King Street and it's a nightmare finding a spot.
4	I would say this restaurant has one of the most authentic Pad Thais you will find in town. You know it's not going to be dreadful when you receive the Pad Thai and the colour of the noodles is not red. Thankfully, they do no injustice to the delicious rice noodles and add some sort of ketchup or Sriracha sauce. When I go to My Thai, my go-to items are the Pad Thai or the Emerald Curry. Both are equally delicious, just depends on what I feel like eating that day. The curry is a little bit spicy and the only downside is that you have to purchase a side of rice separately. I haven't tried other items, but for the Pad Thai and the Emerald Curry, I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
5	I love everything about this place. Service was fast and friendly. Food was wonderful. Decor was nicely put together. I eat a lot of Thai and this is among the best.
2	Stumbled across this restaurant with a friend visiting in and decided to take a chance with it and do I regret making that choice.When we went in it looked busy and took a while for them to stay us but then we were led into the other dining area which was nearly empty (only about three or for people exited from here when we entered). I ordered the chicken pad Thai and all three of us got a mango smoothie. When the food came my chicken in the pad Thai was tough and dry although the noodles were okay. When or drinks came they gave my friend a cup that was filled 75% compared to mine. When my friend complained they said it was because it was all that was left in the blender after pouring the previous two. Could they not have bothered to put in the effort to make a bit more so it didn't look as bad? It really wasn't that busy.... Service was bad to begin with as well and slow. Nerve coming here again.Overall two stars both for service and quality of food.
4	Tried take out and was very pleased.  Good Thai food.  Smaller portions than expected but very flavourful and tasty.  Would go back.
