4	Pizza Pita is great kosher pizza joint! The staff are friendly, the food is delicious, and they SUPER popular! I tried their sicilian calzone... SO tasty.  Definitely would recommend calling in advance though... they get CRAZY busy and the pickup line for pre-ordered food is a lot shorter!
4	Shockingly decent. I found myself here simply because it was close to 11pm on a Thursday night, I was staying at the hotel next door, and I desperately needed something to eat. Two of us got slices of pizza, and two others got falafel and fries. The pizza was decent - I mean, I'm from NY, so I'm a little picky when it comes to pizza. However, the slices were a decent size, the crust was thin and crispy, and overall it had a nice flavor. General consensus was that the falafel was pretty good, as well. Service was fast and friendly, and although they were closing they didn't kick us out.
4	A previous reviewer said it best with "shockingly decent." Pizza Pita is a like a kosher cafeteria, but you won't find any meat products here. They're serving a specific clientele so at certain times it's very busy - at the drive through, too. I had the salmon plate, and was initially saddened to see a pre-cooked piece of salmon reheated in the microwave. Shockingly, however, the fish still tasted alright. Came with a side of rice and veggies which were also good, and a small salad plate which was as advertised. 4 stars because the food is better than an average fast food joint. Make no mistake, that's exactly what Pizza Pita is. If I ate only kosher food, I'd be satisfied eating here. Since I eat "regular" food, I'll go somewhere else. :)
4	OK - from the beginning - it is hard to find parking, the lot is full of crazy people.  Worse in the winter.  Customer flow is poor.  The food is a great value for the buck (by Montreal standards - but expensive for 'muricans).  I recommend the greek pizza, or any of the poutine.  The lunch rush is not - and the "by the slice" ordering is still too long, but that is because the food is good.  Overall - in my opinion, the second best kosher pizza joint in Montreal.
4	Not bad
