4	New business that sells guns and gear here.  Pulled up and was about to have lunch over at Henry's when I saw workers putting up a new sign next door. Nevada Guns & Gear. I took a peek then walked in since the door was opened.   Sure enough this place was definatley Mr. B's kind of store.  Employee and Grant the owner was friendly and pretty helpful.  Trying to find ammo in stock is pretty rare right now and this place came thru.   They barely just opened and they are still putting up merchandise so we'll be checking out this store more later in the week. note:I added business info thru my phone +more info to the business info section but it's not showing up yet, so check the tip section for their phone no.
5	very nice and helpful people! sold my a r15 to them and they gave me the best deal i think anywhere else here in the state, thank you guys will be coming back here always. my favorite store!
4	I was on an absolute mission to purchase a Gen 4 Glock 17. (I'm impatient, and it was my birthday present to myself.) After a long day of calling around and driving to a few stores in town, I randomly came across this little gem thanks to Yelp. Bantered quite a bit with Tony who was very knowledgable with anything I asked about. The owner, Grant, was a pleasure to work with. I got my brand new beauty immediately here! I'm only giving 4 stars because they did price a little over fair market value, but at least they had it in stock!
5	Cheapest 9mm ammo ive seen so far. The owners are nice and the guy even remembered me from a couple weeks ago when i stopped by to look around.  They got some nice guns also.
5	Having dealt with a number of gun stores here in the Las Vegas area this store is refreshing great customer service, small yes it is but this is now my gun store I own a lower end gun and was getting sick of the sneers and attitude I would get, Oh you have one of those type comments. These guys made me and my wife and sister feel welcome.
5	Definetly the best customer service ive seen in a long time. Gentelmen behind the counter took the time to not only explaining about each gun, they helped my girlfriend with any question about each gun and all the safety features each came with. Today was the first time she has shopped for a gun and i didn't want to just pick one out for her myself and call it a day, i wanted the gun to fit her. I also wanted her to understand the feel of different guns and also see how each is different with each safety feature.  I was happy to see the guys behind the counter were really nice and informative and did not rush her in anyway.  We had stopped at a few other shops earlier and it felt like we were at a used car dealership.  Nevada Guns and Gear never pushed or rushed me or my girlfriend but instead took a considerable amount of time allowing us to look over each gun and to spend the time explaining the difference in each, how to break them down, and how to care for them. Whats funny is we went in for one gun and ended up buying two. Definetly will be back for me personally because i saw some great deals and i also appreciated the way they treated her as a first time buyer. A+ service!
5	Been to this place several times now. They have added more to their inventory since this first time I've been here. The service is what makes us repeat customers.  It can be a bit intimidating for someone new as me trying to purchase a weapon. I appreciate how Grant the owner and his staff  takes the time out to instruct new gun owners how to care and use their firearms. My dumb questions didn't bother any of the staff nor was I ever rushed or passed over. Unlike another gun store t"Discount. ahem.....  Rather come here where the customers feel more welcomed and they take their time.
4	Nice and knowledgeable sales staff. Decent selection of handguns and long guns. Went in looking to trade sell two like-new firearms. Curiously, owners did not want to make an offer on two lightly used quality handguns. Didn't even come out to look at them... -1 starNo worries, went down the street towards Gibson *check my other reviews* and made a straight across trade and managed to keep the other handgun. (I took a slight loss with the trade, but didn't have to hassle with a face-to-face deal and advertising. BONUS: wife is happy!).
5	Check Out their website. they have lots more on the web. Guns And Ammo. Just order it and it  arrives to the shop and pick it up, Cheapest Prices on Ammo And prices are somewhat flexable. Great Shop, Great Guys
5	Bought my first hand gun with tees guys and it won't be the last. Very friendly and knowledgable. Also fantastic prices!!!!
1	What a bunch OF ASS-HOLES going out of business for a vary good reason. I come in spend $480 dollars on accessories ...They say everything is half or 30 to 40 percent off.. I don't check the prices get home and my Hubby said I got ripped off... and paid retail as they marked there prices over retail close to msrp lol OK you got me but hahahaha your out of a nice store in Henderson join online sales guys as you won't compete. Shame on your for taking advantage of a woman that trusted you as a retailer in my community go back to L.A.ThanksP.s.Thank god I didn't buy a used pistol completely scraped up for more than retail...
