2	Geez.  I wish I'd travel with people that have some friggin sense of adventure.  Would have much rather have checked out the Omelet House in Vegas, so allow me to vent.That said, this place is adequate.  Convenient to gas, restrooms, and store.  NOTHING spectacular.  Similar to an IHOP or a Denny's.  Prices maybe a little better.Ordered a BLT.  Standard fare.  They brought out everything but the BLT.  Forgot to make.  Also, shouldn't have ordered the cole slaw.  Yuck.  They took it back and told me to help myself to the soup.  Sandwich, when it arrived, was good.Wait staff was friendly.  Parking was plentiful.  Come here if you've missed anything interesting because there is nothing else for miles beyond.  Don't forget to fill the tank.BTW.  They actually serve your food on a skillet.  An aluminum skillet :-)
1	Well lets see after our group of 8 was seated by the rudest server at two different table we asked if we could could push the two tables together. She looked at us and responded "I guess" and stood there and watched myself and mother try to make this happen with two small children and no help from her! We then sat down and she took our drink order before passing us off so she could serve her 3 tables around us. I looked around and spotted another employee sitting in the corner texting ( at.first.no big deal maybe she was on break). We then had our order taken by a young nice lady, we ordered food from the kitchen and 4 buffet lunches. We then got up to get food from the buffet where I witnessed an employee bare handed grabbing food from the line and then shoving it in her mouth! I watched this happen at least 5 times with all different foods that were out. We then waited and waited for the kitchen food to come out, when it finally did everyone one around us had been fed including the table sat after us and everyone who had ordered buffet was finishing eating! As we are sitting there finishing up I look over to see the same employee still sitting at.the table in the corner now conducting an interview/ or hiring a new employee. I asked who she was she was the manager on duty Erika. Not only was she witness to everything that happened she sat there listening to us loudly talk about what had happen and did nothing! she was to busy to even stop texting on her cell to conduct her interview properly. She did take a minute to stop our server and had her get her coffee since she couldn't be bothered to get up and do it herself ! The food is over priced and not very good so to add crappy service and you have Iron Skillet Las Vegas NV!
4	Food is so yummy and the service is very speedy and nice.
5	Friendly staff and good home cooking. Coffee is really good too.
3	The only reason we were here for breakfast was because it was right around the corner from the Vegas Speedway Race Track.  First off, the buffet food was garbage.  The chili tasted looked like dog food.  Everything just seems like it's been out on the counter for a long time.  I opted out of the buffet and ordered some pancakes with a side of hash.  It's like your typical Dennys or IHOP feel.  It does it's job and you really cant' ask for more.  You kinda know what to expect at this type of place.  Service: Our waitresses were very nice and even gave us to-go cups for our ice teas.  The food came out super slow though even though it didn't seem that busy in there.  Bottom line: Again, you get what you pay for around here in Vegas.  For this to be a truck stop, it's not bad.  They even have laundry and shower facilities on site!
3	Nothing like greasy heavily buttered food to get you through the long day of either being a trucker, taking the 15 into or out of vegas, or doing something at the motor speedway.Been to Iron Skillet many of times and if you're expecting something classy and low caloried HA good luck!It's American comfort food and it's good for the most part. I've eaten here a few times a month when i used to work for a motorcycle racing association back in the day and due to a lack of options the Iron Skillet was always the place to go. It's close enough to the motor speedway so no one has to go to the opposite of our destination just to meet up and have a meal, and it's fast.
1	After a visit to Glittering lights we were looking for a place to eat and so hungry we stopped at the first place.  Well after years of looking, I finally found a place with a worse buffet than circus circus.  There was litterally nothing edible other than the salad which was borderline. If you are on a diet, this is the buffet for you.   They had several things that were unidentifiable.  We couldn't even eat the soup.Dissapointing because the concept seemed good and the kitch level is mid to high.
4	Honestly, we weren't expecting much from this truck-stop greasy spoon, but it looked like the last chance for breakfast before Valley of Fire.We were pleasantly surprised.  We would up getting the $10 "Sunday Brunch" that even included mimosas.   Brunch and mimosas at a truck stop?  Yep, and it was good.  Loved the make your own waffle iron.  All of the food was pretty good, except maybe the scrambled eggs.  So we asked for a couple fresh scrambled eggs and we got them--no problem.We had great service too.  I was quite impressed with this little place.  It also had a decent convenience store and very clean restrooms.Definitely worth a stop on the way out of town!
3	I love to stop at new places, especially truck stop dinning for sure. Like usual affordable and huge portions. I love how everything comes out on a skillet. Try this place out when you are leaving north out Las Vegas. If you are into good comfort food with big portions.
4	This little truck stop diner is great! They serve typical diner fare and comfort food. I've been here a couple of times, usually on my way out of town on a camping or hunting trip. The food is delicious and portions are huge, as we usually have to take leftovers to go. My personal favorite is the chicken fried chicken - you can even make it a double order for a nominal charge (don't remember exactly how much). They also have a buffet during lunch and dinner, but I have not tried it. Looks decent for $10.99 though. The staff here is nice and I've never had a problem with our orders or having our drinks refilled. The food comes out hot and fresh, and fairly soon after you order. It does get a little crowded here on weekend mornings or when there are events at the Speedway so plan accordingly.
4	We were hungry and this was the only restaurant we could get to... It was actually really fun! The grilled cheese I had was so so so good... Can't tell if it's because  I was so hungry or if it was actually good... My husband got chicken fried steak and ate every scrap. We got some coupons from the truck stop (classy, I know) and used those. We are not an overweight couple but we ate like pigs and loved every minute. If I had to choose between that and a subway I would choose subway but that was fun for a night and it would be a good choice if you need some comfort food. (We got hit by a car on our way out of town and we're pretty shaken up...)
5	Im giving this place 5 stars strictly for the pancakes. They were honestly the BEST pancakes I have ever had in my life. And me and my hubs are pancake snobs.
5	Uuuggh so full!Decided to try out this place for breakfast. I was tired of my usual Farmer Boys (I love them too), but wanted to see what else was out in my neck of the woods. My cousin mentioned this place by the speedway and I'm glad we went. 1st off PANCAKES are phenomenal. I had the ham and cheese omelet w/ a side of hash browns and their biscuits. It was super yummy. Next time I want to try their biscuits and gravy. My girlfriend had the French toast sandwhich and that too was pretty good. The only thing I felt, was that the toast needed some flavor to it. I ended up just diping it into some syrup  ... My cousin got the breakfast combo and didn't leave a single piece to share! Lol For being at a truck stop, the place can serve up some pretty decent breakfast mealsI gave this place a 5 because they were quick to bring us our menus, drinks, and food. The server also kept checking on us even though she did have larger tables to assist, so that's always a plus when I don't need to ask for my server!
