3	It's nice to have this place down the street to get a quick drink or snack from their extremely large selection.  I'm also a big fan of their car wash!  However if you only need gas pretty much everyone else around them is significantly cheaper.  I've found them to be about a dime at times higher per gallon.
5	I am pretty meticulous with my vehicles and don't detail them myself anymore because of time constraints...this car wash is amazing. They take their time, are insanely thorough, ask me to move things, ask which scent I would like. They are super friendly and ask if everything looks ok. Some of my fellow Surprise residents may be a little too uppity to visit this carwash...when you get tired of being ripped off by Cobblestone and want your vehicle to actually be clean, take a walk on the wild side and visit this place. Truly amazing.
3	I tried to avoid this place when I need a car wash, gas, or a few snacks. When this place opened, the service and atmosphere was great. Since that time, a decline in appearance and service has set in. The store looks similar to a run down Circle K on the inside. Outside you are likely to be approached by the car detailers looking to sale you wash and service or by someone asking for change or a cigarette. Getting a car wash usually pits you against someone who cares nothing for their job nor has any level of intelligence. After returning to the serviceman for my air freshener that is supposed to come with one of the washes and having him ask for my receipt and then go back into the building to verify the purchase (despite already having my receipt and having literally just watched me go by minutes earlier), I stopped having any type of faith in this place. It is frequented by teens who sit outside smoking or asking for smokes and has become nothing more than a run down gas station. It is a shame because it looked so nice when it was first built.
1	I have been coming here since they opened as I live down the street.  I was grateful to have a Shell station so close as I have been a Shell card carrier for almost 10 years.  I recently stopped in there to get gas and noticed that the price on the pumps didn't match the price on the sign.  I went in an inquired about this and was told that I would get a discount if I used "cash" or a "shell card".  I showed them that I did use a shell card and they told me that it "had" to be the "shell rewards card" and was told that there is a sign on the pump.  I went back to the pump and sure enough there was a sign.  It read, "cash and shell card" and listed the price.  It didn't say anything about a rewards card.  So they are ultimately charging $.10 a gallon more than they advertise.I returned home and immediately called Shell's customer service line and was transferred to the complaint department.  The lady there was very helpful and informed me that the shell gas card is enough to get the discounted price.  When I explained to her what this place was doing she told me that that was not per Shell's discount policy and they were incorrect.  She proceeded to take a report about it and informed me that I would probably get a call from Shell as well as the owners of the foot mart.  I did get a call from a shell representative, but nothing from the owners.  I no longer go to this place for anything.  I go the the location at Glendale and Dysart to use my Shell card now, and they give the discount for using the shell gas card.False advertising at it's best and most people don't look close enough to realize it.
1	So sad to see another business go under. I went yesterday to get my car washed and after filling with gas and waiting for the attendant to start the wash I went to find out what the holdup was. I was then told the car wash was closed as they had been bought out by the bank. No signs anywhere to show car wash was closed. So sad.
