3	To start, the estimator arrived late, but he did call ahead to let me know first.  Much appreciated! I decided to have my roof replaced and the attic sprayed with more insulation.They gave me a few different options at different prices and didn't push one over the other.  I haggled with them a little and we finally agreed on a price.  I was told that the roof replacement would take one full day, dawn to dusk.The crew showed up on time on the scheduled day.  They placed several tarps around the house and over my pool to contain the nails and debris.  It was a rather windy day so the crew took anything and everything from my yard to hold their tarps down.  I don't know why but I found this kind of annoying.  As the day wore on I could tell they weren't going to finish this in one day.  I asked about it and they said it would take another half day.  Okay fine.  It wound up taking two full days.  Not a huge deal but I'd just prefer to know ahead of time.  There's nothing complicated about the roof, I'm sure they knew how long it was going to take.  Half way through the second day, their office called to ask for payment.  I don't know why they thought I was going to pay when the work wasn't completed.  I used a credit card for the roof portion and never got a receipt.  During the conversation with the estimator he explained that when they were done they would comb the yard with a magnet to pick up any stray nails.  I later combed the grass myself and found 27 nails and several sharp pieces of tin...not the sort of thing I want to find considering that I have a dog.Overall the installation was good and the roof really does look nice.  It's just all the little service things that leave me with a not so content feeling.The insulation portion went much better.  The guys arrived on time, wore booties in my house and laid down plastic in the work area.  They didn't take too long and I can already see what a difference it's made in my energy usage.I've had worse contractor experiences, so I'd probably try these guys again if I need something in the future.
3	Time: Two weeks ago.Setting: BackyardScenario:  Ahh, my toe!  Man I must a have a bigass splinter in here or something.  I inspect the toe and find nothing but a little blood.  I limp around the back yard for 5 more minutes.  Still hurting.  I remove flip flop and inspect.  Ohhhh I seeee, a mofoin roofing nail has fully penetrated my flip flop ...wonder how that got into my yard and subsequently into my toe.  THANKS  First Quality.Conclusion:  You can keep the three stars 'cause my roof did come out nice.  My toe says piss off.
4	After  having five estimates for my roof , I chose first quality roofing.  The owner was out of his way coming on Sunday to give me the estimate , because I live out of town, only can be there on Sunday .  I could get my roof done for lots cheaper some where else, but he earned my trust, that I pay him in full in advance .  The roof turn out nice except  they use a long nails so it broke through the eave all around the house.  I complained to the owner, he said the nails has to be that long for Las Vegas windy weather.  But he will have it paint to make it look better . It's took a while for them to come back. So don't pay in advance , wait until they finish and you happy with the out come. First quality roofing does have good customer service and customer satisfaction . I am a happy customer and will recommend this company to anyone.
1	Had a major leak. Person on phone was not concerned at all, told me that everyone had leaks. Wanted to make an appt a week later. If this is how they treat someone on the phone i can only imagine how bad there roofing is
