3	Here's the thing... New Starbucks for me near GCU campus... Not the best neighborhood .. But all Starbucks are equal? I think not. This Starbucks has super friendly baristas, but super bitter cappucinos... Tables weren't clean.. But in their defense, the place was packed with students milling in & out the whole 2 hours I sat there mulling through some very dry reading .. On second thought, maybe it's a good idea to have stronger Capp than normal..
5	This location was great. They were quick friendly and helpful. They are cheaper than most locations, but probably because they are technically in the hood.
2	Here's the deal. I come here on occasion to read or study when I don't feel like doing it at home or don't feel like driving to ASU. The staff is alright, not top notch though. I hate to say it but more than once i've gotten lost in their shuffle and confusion and I end up feeling like an idiot while I wait for my drink in the middle of the lobby. They are sometimes not that organized and clearly they have an issue delegating the cleaning duties because the place is ALWAYS dirty. Bathroom included. Even the few times I was there in the early morning, I had to wipe my table first before sitting with my laptop. I don't hate this place, they try to run the drive thru efficiently so it seems like a lot of their attention is diverted to that, which leaves the walk in folks a little neglected. I would venture to say that they are understaffed and that to me is a cheap management issue. The location is ok, however coming out of the driveway to make a left on to Bethany Home is a NIGHTMARE. During mornings and afternoons going out back toward the I-17 is almost impossible. you have to come out on 35th avenue and stop at the night and make a left, which sucks because oncoming traffic northbound still makes you wait to make that turn. In essence, there is no easy way in or out of this location. Drinks are fine, tea is good. About all I can say about that. Staff seems preoccupied with the drive thru and they are not organized as other Starbucks I've been to. I come back only because it is the closest one to me and I don't want to sit in the one at the Target near my house.UPDATE: 2/22/14So for the past few months I've been coming to this location still with my mother who is utterly addicted to the mocha frappuchinos, which she wants BEFORE and AFTER I take her to and pick her up from work. We use the drive thru for these trips for the most part. Over the past few weeks I think there's been a change in management or staff turnover again as they suddenly have "dropped off the map" in terms of service. On MORE than one occasion they have been either out of venti cups or long straws, given us wrong drinks (twice), or didn't have syrup (sweetener) for the iced teas i like. Also, one guy "joked" with us in the drive thru that my Visa card had declined when I paid. He then said he was kidding. But that isn't funny on any level. All I want after a long day is my drinks and not sad attempts to "joke" about my declining Visa card (it had NOT declined, apparently that was his attempt at being funny). We tip almost every time we go there. Lately my mother and I have had to withhold the tip from them as the service has just not warranted a tip. Even she noticed the change in her drinks recently in terms of the taste (new baristas?). We still continue to go so we don't have to go inside the Target at Christown Mall and fight light rail construction and afternoon traffic, but if the service continues to decline we may be forced to spend our hard-earned money elsewhere. Too bad really, I want to like this place more than I do right now.
1	They have me the wrong size drink and the cup was covered in caramel. Thanks!
3	I think the only perk of this place may be the drive thru. I mean, the service is pretty okay but they are kind of messy. Your cup almost always has cream on it. I don't know if they don't see it or just don't care. I don't know about you but I don't like to grab milk when I'm reaching for my coffee. Some days are better than others and it's usually pretty busy with people chillin' or working.
3	Coffee was good. Raspberry swirl load was stale.
4	Friendly morning crew
3	This Starbucks is the same as every other Starbucks out there. OK service, OK Coffee, OK price considering the fact that EVERYONE overcharges for Coffee! It gets the job done when I'm on the go.
4	Never been inside, but the drive thru is always speedy and my order is always correct. Staff is friendly and courteous.
1	Very disappointed with my order, first it took 15 minutes to get my order and then when I got my order my coffee ( caramel frappuchino) was so nasty and didn't even taste good, it was all melted and lacked taste. Do not recommend going there.
2	I go here often because it is close by.  It is by far NOT my favorite location.  The staff is friendly and all that.  BUT what is the deal with paper....I am NEVER given a napkin when I order food.  It is now. a game for me....I order.  If I do not get a napkin I absolutely do not tip.  I think tipping a drive thru for a basic item is ridiculous anyway....but when you cannot give me a napkin, FORGET IT.  Another paper issue...receipts wth don't you offer a receipt for every order?????  I pay cash. For a period of time I was in a situation where I could submit my receipts for reimbursement, I hate having to remember to ask for a receipt..  I lost quite a bit of money because of this.  I called their corporate...and know that there was no order from above to withhold receipts and napkins.  Its the little things that can be so annoying or make someone's day.  Smile and give someone ordering a food item a friggen napkin.  Is that tooo much to ask?  FYI...this napkin withholding occurs morning/noon/night.
4	I go 2 "StarF*cks" once in a blue moon or so 4 an iced caramel macchiatto or during holiday seasonal eggnog chai rel8ed drinks/teas which is probably a good thing cuz let's face it, as good as certain things may taste ~ most items r'nt good 4 ur health or waistline.    I personally suggest nixing on the "CRAP~uccino's" @ this loc8ion tho, any1 I've ever come w/ who's partaken of any were disappointed in the sour bitter after~taste (unless that's ur preference). SomeXs they come up w/ some tasty Veg~head alter8ive items here on their menu like: spinach tomato ciabatta or tomato croissant pastry that tastes almost like pizza, just wish they would offer these type items on a more regular instead of temporary basis.   I usually go thru the drive~up window & have only been inside a couple Xs, each of those setting off my claustrophobia as it's a very confined space here & spills/mishaps r frequent. Can only imagine the mayhem when slammin'/maximum capacity.  No thx, keepin' w/ the drive~thru whenever I go even if it moves snail pace during higher influx periods. Besides there's Sonic tables right next door 2 sit @ away from the chaos, confusion & deafening noise. SB do have some tables outside but they're very limited & 2 close 2 all that hustle/bustle 2 converse.   Most Xs all the baristas service is accur8, friendly & accomod8ing tho there have been a couple occasions when inside, I noticed some p8ient patrons getting frustr8ed w8ing 4ever 4 their orders (or lack~there~of) lost perhaps or maybe a new employee in training? I've not had a bad experience tho myself in all the occasions I've frequented other than not caring 4 the uncomfortable interior @ this locale so I'll still frequent here, just not very regularly... unless they start offering some healthier & make some Veg options more available, but still a pretty good place!
1	Not good. The place seems to be in a state of perpetual decline from when we first started coming here years ago. Today we went through the drive-thru and there was a 30 minute wait, which for this location was starting to become the norm, especially in the afternoons. However, the biggest issue was the fact that when we paid, (after waiting 5 more minutes) the barista (another new one) gave us bad drinks that were clearly missing ingredients. They were sloppily given to us with coffee dripping down the side and by the time we pulled over to inspect them the line in the drive-thru and inside was so bad we really had no choice but to take the loss and move on from it. We can't dedicate an hour to getting drinks at this place. My family and I have been coming here for years but I think we're just about done with this location. Shame really, it's close and convenient (location-wise), but with the service continuing to decline like this I can't justify spending $40.00 per week here anymore. Sorry folks, we tip well too but I guess that money will be going elsewhere now.
1	This has to be the worst Starbucks in the valley. They are not fast at all. I've never made it through the drive-through in under 15 min and I only get a iced coffee nothing special. I understand once or twice this might happen bit this is a everyday thing. Someone needs to show this Starbucks how to run good service it's just unacceptable. Starbucks as a company is better than this.
5	Luis is great!  Lots of awesome employees.  This Starbucks is close too home but that's not the only reason I frequent it alot!
1	I have been a Gold Member for 3 years and I've been to a lot of Starbucks locations inside and outside of the country. I have experienced different customer service at all locations and this location is just the worst. This specific location seriously has the worst waiting time ever (drive thru)!!!! I have been to the busiest Starbucks in the world and they do not take this long. Every time I go here they always seem to mess up my drink in some way or another but I don't have time to go back and wait in that 15 minute line. If I could I wouldn't give this location any stars. Today I decided to walk in and not do drive thru, since I always have to wait more than 15 minutes. The lady who helped me was very nice and she was quick to ring me up but all of their employees work so slow and take forever to think about what they need to do.
1	I have been an avid Starbucks customer for many many years now, and I have traveled to Starbucks locations all across the country on business.As this location is close to where I work, I am forced to frequent it often. It has consistently been slow and the customer service is often as ghetto as the neighborhoods which surround it. This morning, I waited 20 minutes in line and found out that this is the ONLY Starbucks in the country that won't grind a bag of coffee beans because it is not Starbucks coffee.Well Starbucks, you've lost one more customer. I won't be visiting this location again.
