5	Imari was spectacular. Maranda was dynamic and welcoming. I went to the 7 for all mankind store and had to search through piles of jeans for something but at Joe's I had an amazing personal shopping experience!  I'll be here anytime I'm in Vegas for that level of service.
1	oh man where to start... Bought 2 pair of jeans from here for roughly 100$ each. They fit perfect and instantly became my new favorite jeans/brand. After 2 wears of one of the pair the button fell off. I figured I would just take it to a seamstress and have them fix it. While the one pair was out of commission I wore the other pair, for the first time and the zipper broke. I thought to myself how ridiculous this was so I called the store and asked to speak to the manager. She came on the phone and i voiced my concerns. She said I'm sorry, I can recommend an amazing seamstress that will repair them for you that's in town. Uhhh... I don't think I should have to pay for this i explained. She obviously wasn't expecting this answer and hung up on me. I ended up taking them to a local dry cleaners and they quoted me 52$ to fix the items. So ridiculous. I called back to ask for the corporate office since i couldn't find it anywhere online and they said they didn't have one. I will never buy anything from this cheaply made store ever again... so disappointed.
4	Gave this place a second chance... So far so good. I bought a pair of jeans and they have held up. I just love the denim here, they are so flattering and comfortable. For roughly $100 a pop their pretty reasonable. It has a very SoHo vibe in the store, which i love. The staff was very friendly as well.
4	I had THE BEST experience at the Joe's Jeans outlet. Not only were the staff exceptionally helpful, I also made out like a bandit with three pairs of amazing jeans! This was easily the highlight of my most recent Las Vegas romp.The sales girls were super friendly and offered me a room as soon as I started picking up items. They even suggested pieces to compliment those I had already chosen. Switching sizes while trying things on wasn't a problem either - the staff were quick, and also knowledgeable about their products. They were really great about helping me find the perfect fit for my figure. I came home with the following:- The Visionnaire Skinny Jean, in denim and dirty olive, $99.99 (Orig. $158.00)- The Honey Straight Leg Jean, $99.99 (Orig. $158.00)Thank God this store isn't any closer to my apartment, otherwise I would be constantly breaking into my piggy bank for these puppies. Now, if only there were a Paige outlet... a girl can dream!
5	I have always loved this Joe's Jean store.  Especially the outlet prices.  The sales associates have always been great. This visit, my salesperson, Gil, was outstanding.  Very knowledgeable and helpful.  Maranda, the store manager was great as well.
