1	"Gus Pizza".. Or should I call it "Gross pizza"..  Honestly, frozen pizza from grocery store had more flavors than their pizza!  I will make this short! If you want to grab few drinks, sure! If you wanna great pizza, visit your local grocery store or pizza delivery.  It will save your money and bad taste in your mouth!
4	Family decided to go here for lunch today. We started out with the sampler and the food was cooked perfectly. We shared the Bronx bomber monster pizza. The flavor was spot on. My only complaint is the crust wasn't as soft as I like in a NY pizza but the flavor overcame this. Wife ordered the fried mushrooms and loved them. They allowed me to try the wings and I loved them. We will definitely return.
4	Tried and enjoyed Gus's NY Pizza and we really did enjoy it.  Good pizza, good pricing and nice staff.  May not be THE best around, but certainly a solid pizza choice in the Goodyear, Avondale, Litchfield Park area!
1	blah!
2	I liked the pizza, good sauce. I ordered the All you can eat New York Style Pizza lunch special. The mushrooms on my pizza was raw, the other ingredients were just throw only, yet the pizza was cooked all the way.  May as well gotten frozen pizza.  Ok, not a superfan.
2	I stopped at Gus's for lunch today.  I always like to try new places close to the office.  So, I walked in and sat down at the bar.  The stools are too short which makes the bar way too high.  It is especially high if you have to eat off of it.  The rest of the place is pretty nice.  They have a few tv's and it looks clean.  I ordered a Meatball Sub with fries and a drink.  My food arrived about 5 minutes later at which time I asked for some Ketchup.  The sub was cold yet the cheese on it was melted....    Cant explain that....   The fries were almost too hot to eat yet I managed.   Overall, the food had very little flavor.  I finished eating and received my bill promptly.I was somewhat shocked at an $11.11 bill for a sub w/fries and a drink.  Wait a minute, I was SHOCKED....    I mean really, come on......    There are literally dozens of pizza places to eat lunch and these guys are charging that much.  I guess I would think about returning to eat here if I could afford it.   Instead I think I will go to Barros and eat for less than half the price.   BAM!
4	I give the pizza 3 stars but the staff is always friendly and they have amazing drink specials. $1 coronas on Thursdays. Open and delivers till 3 am.
1	Just ordered from Gus' and was truly disappointed.  And they have the nerve to say they are "Phoenix favorite pizza"  What a farce!  The pizza was overpriced and the topping were scarce.  The wings were the driest wing I have ever tasted.  Truly disappointed and won't be ordering from them again.I am sticking with Oregano's!
1	$100 for two large pizzas and 30 wings? no thank you..especially when the pizza was super bland..daddy dukes any day.or little ceasers. or pizza hut..or dominoes...or a frozen pizza from frys.
2	This place wings r the grossest things ive ever eaten will never order again will not return
1	This place is pretty much only good if you're half in the bag and desire greasy food down your gullet.Ive tried several different menu items hoping that the next would be better than the last aaaand I was sadly mistaken.  The calzone was giant and greasy, the pizza needed to be dabbed with several napkins, the wings were dry and it was like chewing on rawhide... you cant really win with this place.Furthermore, I'm a night owl that works late hours, so when I want something that isn't a drive-thru burger, I'll call for a pick-up order. The last time I did this (around 1am-ish and the place was packed),  I approached the counter to see 4 people standing there... one was on the business phone, the other three were texting.  Nobody even looked up to acknowledge me.  Not a single one. Really, guys??  Its called customer service. Try it sometime.  Yup. I think I'll have to stick with drive-thrus from here on out.
2	I'm always interested in trying a local merchant.  But, as I approached to try Gus's New York Pizza, I saw a No Weapons sign near the front door.  Sorry, I stay out of businesses that only allow criminals to be armed.  As a law abiding citizen that has been background checked by the state and spends lots of money in restaurants, I'll honor the request to stay out and spend my cash somewhere else.  Defense free businesses are not safe for paying customers.  If the sign goes away, I'll be back.
5	Tried this place and was impressed! I highly recommend the salads if you are worried about grease but my boyfriend loved his pepperoni pizza. My Greek gyro salad was more than amazing that I had to come on and write about it. For the price, you get a lot and it's so YUMMY! They are open until 4am some nights, for us, that's amazing since we are night owls.Try it!
2	Do not come here for a quick lunch! The all you can eat pizza for 4.99 is brought out by the slice, can only have 1 topping a piece, can only be ordered 2 at a time takes 20 minutes to get out to table, and the music is too loud! We will not be coming back!
3	They deliver and that made me so happy, but not to be too excited.  My biggest disappointment is the delivery time and how the food appears cold once we receive it. Perhaps, it would be best to just dine it because the food is pretty good. They also totally messed up a food order for delivery, which left one of us with nothing to eat while we waited an additional 45 minutes for the driver to return with correct order.  Bummer!
1	Tonight, a Saturday, we went to Gus's at 5pm.  The place was empty and they absolutely REFUSED to let us sit at the table we wanted.  Their excuse?  A sport's game would be on an HOUR later and they expected a crowd.  I could not believe how they treated us.  They would not budge on this.  Ridiculous.  There were only two of us and I would think they could have served us within an hour and we'd be gone.  Anyway, clearly their customer service is awful, so beware.  I've had their delivery before and it was extremely greasy, but that was expected from a pizza joint.  Overall, I'm pretty annoyed at how we were treated tonight.  We left and went elsewhere.  NOTE:  This place is tiny.
3	Good pizza and cute place!
4	If you are looking for an alternative to your large pizza shops or looking for a respectable New York style pizza, this place can accommodate.  For those who complained about a greasy mess with tomato sauce I would suggest you understand that a New York style pizza is just that sometimes, a greasy pizza that Homer Simpson would appreciate.  If you are concerned about wearing your weapon inside well that's a whole different mess and I am not a lawyer but do believe that in Arizona you can be a huckleberry and carry guns but the state also provided the right to the establishment to refuse. Thanks btw I do believe forks and napkins should suffice to eat!!  Anyhow how did I digress? Ohh yeah the pizza! So the place seems to be a destination for a variety of peeps!  They were setting up a DJ when I was leaving with my take out.  They have a full bar and TV's for your usual reality TV an football games.. Their outside patio was a ghost town but I will say the 111 outside might have something to do with that.  Given that in this side of town there not too many options in terms of good pizza, I'm sharing more love than normal because after all you can't drive 20 miles out just for a good pie all the time.
5	Just stopped in for some pizza and was so surprised they had white slices. I've been in AZ for 3 years and always miss good New York pizza. I would say their pizza is close to small chain pizzerias if you want a good New York slice try garden pizza in Goodyear but if you want a close to New York small chain "Mario's pizza" style pizza an need a white slice fix give Gus a try. Got a special surprise the chef made some tiramisu and let us try it. Absolutely fantastic
4	We love this place, great pizza and wings.  We usually end up there on fridays after work and we always sit at the bar.  The service and the food is top notch, really the only thing I can even give a negative about is the layout of the restaurant.  The tables and the open ceiling really create a very loud environment, and we eat at alot of sports bars and this place is loud.  But we usually sit at the bar, so no big deal.  We love the food and the service keeps us coming back.
3	Love the pete-zer. Although going to any Gus' pete-zer is like going to the zoo. You can see back into the kitchen, and they are acting like animals. I don't care about having fun at work, but when you are playing grab ass, cursing and lol'ing so loud that people stop chewing and look around, hide the kitchen.
4	Not bad ordered a few times in the last month or so. Only thing I would say is its not consistent. Have gotten the pizza and wings everytime. Pizza can be under or over cooked. When they get it right it is very good. Wings are same way sometimes over cooked sometimes under cooked. I will say that it's not as good as NYPD but for the price to NYPD it is a steal. Delivery seems to be fast as well. Updated have gotten food still after this and the consistency has improved!!! Update to 4 stars!!!
2	My boyfriend and I ordered delivery using a coupon. The driver was great but the coupon was not applied to our bill (the person who took our order never verfied the total when he took our order). When we called to have this fixed they offered to credit us the difference for our next visit- which was not helpful because we don't eat there often. When they finally offered to refund our money and we started eating our garlic knots were completely raw inside, the wings weren't good, and our pizza was mostly sauce. We didn't bother calling to let them know that our food was raw because they probably would have offered us free food in the future and we have no plans to eat there again. ever.
1	Not a family oriented place to go. Especially on Sunday. Obnoxious sports fans and a staff that is accepting of rude behavior. Will gladly spend my money else where.
4	I try the authentic Philly cheesesteak very cheese and greasy and it  is was delicious and good it been long time since I been here the hot wing are good too
4	We came upon this pizza place by accident...looking for a place to eat on a Friday nite and long waits everywhere we went.  Really just came in for a drink and ended staying for pizza and beer.  Great place...pizza is yummy.  We also tried the boneless wings and greek salad-all very tasty.  Has a dive bar feel (which I like) and has fun happy hour drinks.
3	I enjoy the salad here. A very casual atmosphere. Pizza used to be better. Wings are good! I like mine double fried. They deliver which I like on my lazy days.
2	Don't waste your time with this place. I know NY pizza and this isn't it. The first time we placed an order for delivery and it took over an hour to arrive. We were quoted 45 minutes and it was close to 90 by the time the food arrived. I called and spoke with the managers twice. The delivery guy called us because he was lost so we gave him our right address. I called the restaurant and they wrote down our address wrong. The manager assured us our food would be fine since they are kept in insulated containers to keep the food hot. NOPE it seemed over cooked. The pizza was like card board, the garlic knots were dry and old tasting, and the wings barely had any sauce on them. The manager told me he would put a credit on our "account" so we could give them a try again. So a few weeks later we called for us to pick up the order. We ordered the exact same things. When I arrived they had no notes on our "account" about a credit. I refused to pay and said I didn't want anything. The cashier went and got a manager (not sure if he was the same one I spoke with a few weeks earlier but he never once spoke to me and apologized for the mix up and the poor food the first time). This manage said it was ok to comp my meal. We got the food home and the pizza wasn't cardboard but it was still very blah tasting. The garlic knots were much better and the wings were better but not worth ordering. Go here if it's late at night and you are looking for someplace to eat. Other than that, not worth stopping.
1	Ok I ordered delivery today. $30 of food all thrown in the trash.Burger- tasted like a big meatball like they added breadcrumbs etc to the meat patties. So gross.Greek Gyro: thin store bought gyro meat same as I could have bought in the grocery store. That alone made it not worth $8Curly fries: soggyOnion rings: over fried and very greasy - inedibleHoney BBQ wings: dry dry dry under all the gooey sauce. Dry. Let me say that again. Dry. Took a bite of two wings and tossed them.A waste of money, for real. I regret spending $30 on such garbage. Could have gone to a real restaurant and had a nice meal!!!!I don't even want to know what their pizza tastes like.If it's anything like the rest if it, run the other way.
1	This is the worse place I have ever been, the service was terrible. The server did not look like she cared about her job.  The wings were beyond gross, McDonald's has better wings than them. The wings were so bad that they got me super sick and I was throwing up all night. I would never go back or recommend to go there.
1	So done with this place! Just has progressively got worse and worse! Since when do you put sauce on a pizza that's made for pasta? Chunky sauce??? Wings were dry and over cooked almost chocked on them! Got two pizzas one had a ton of cheese on it compared to the other one. That was my issues with this place never know what your gonna get! After tonight I know they will never get another dime of my money and thank god I won't get awful food from this place!
4	I don't understand the bad reviews here but maybe things have changed...for thw Better in the last 4 months that I have been coming here (04/2014).  I have had the Pizza, Calzones, Wings, Pasta dishes & few of the Subs and also the Gyro (chicken).  I have to say, besides the Alfredo & tomato suaces on the pasta dishes (they are totally fine just a bit on the bland side) being just OK, the rwst of the food is authentic, very well prepared, delicious and fresh.  I'm from Boston and lived in NY city for 2 yrs and gotta say Gus' s pizza is really on par with everything you get on the East coast.  Now, everyone has a different like & take but as a whole the pizza crust is great, sauce is perfect with not trying to do too much with salt, garlic or too much herbs or seasonings and the cheese they useis very good along with the topings selections being fresh and of good quality.  The pizza & calzones are always baked and cooked just right so they are not too dry/burned or doughy or bland.  The only other thing would be the rolls they use for sandwiches, those could use a little more hardiness ( I love the Jimmy Johns bread/rolls) and are a little soft for my liking.   The wings are killer (get them with the NOT listed Golden Spicy sauce and you can't go wrong with a good "hot kick" & sweetness and I always ask for my wings to be extra well done for that extra crispy wing).  They have good drink specials and a good selection of beer on Tap. The best part is all the bartenders and waiters along with manager, cooks and delivery guy inhave had have been very avcomodating to making things juat the way you order things and making changes/additions to your liking.   The other GREAT thing is that they are the only establishment that I know of anywhere close to goodyear that are open till 2 am and most nights till 3 am for the late night craving but will also Deliver very late.  They have the Football package on Sundays and a $0.50/per wing on Wednesdays.  I have never written a review or posted anything before but really like this place and would like to see them get more business so my favorite place keeps going.
3	Went for the 'all you can eat" pizza at lunch time. Pizza was not bad, certainly better than a lot in this area. Service was good, attentive waitress. Manager was friendly and  personally took my order, explaining about the pizza and how to order so I got just what I wanted. Clean and friendly with decent food (at least the pizza). Seemed like they had a nice size crowd for lunch, Could be a good place to watch a game and have a bite to eat.
3	This was my first time trying Gus' Pizza. Ordered online through Grub Hub. I liked the texts letting me know what time it would be ready. When we got there I discovered it's a little sports bar. There was a football game on and it was noisy! The clapping and cheers just echoed throughout the room. I would never want to eat in there. But we got our 16" half cheese, half pepperoni pizza and garlic cheese bread. It was still warm by the time we got home. I thought the food had really good flavors. I enjoyed the seasoning in the marinara sauce. The garlic bread is not what I thought it would be, but I still liked it. It looked like a smaller pizza, except it was like pita bread instead of pizza crust, with a thick layer of cheese and some garlic butter. Tasted good. I was not disappointed with the pizza here.
5	Great pizza!! have gone back a few times. The place is a bit run down but don't let that fool you the pizza is crunchy and tastes like ny pizza. The best Ive had in a long time!!!!!  Plus their lunch special is wonderful
2	The pizza Wes cold , is the to long to get the pizza , and pizza is was disgusted !!!
3	Wings are the bomb.  Pizza is avg but if you  have  a big  crowd  to  feed then they have the size along with a great price!  Drinks are  always great during happy hour.   It can  get busy & really loud at times.
