3	With the exception of a couple of stores like (Arizona's only French Connection and 42 Saint) and a handful of good restaurants there really isn't anything here that's distinctive enough for me make the trek up to Kierland Commons more regularly.  The mixed-use retail/office/residential development is a novel effort here in Phoenix - so bonus points on that.  It's essentially a faux-urban main street-like shopping mall with no department stores. Nerd alert -- urban planning observation.  The fact that Kierland faces inward forces the center turns its back on Scottsdale Rd just like a conventional mall - defeating its own effort to be urban.  Anyhow.  It's pretty much a mix of chain stores (like Z Gallerie, J Crew, Barnes and Noble, and PF Changs) that you can find elsewhere in Scottsdale.  Yawn.
5	For me Kierland is much, much easier to get to than Scottsdale Fashion Square and delivers the bare essentials that I need for shopping.  (BCBG, Charles David, Banana....I'm set.)  There are quite a few restaurants located within the commons which is nice, I love being able to walk around after a good meal.  I dig that its an outside promenade, it gives it less of a mall feel.  I've never had a problem with parking here, there always seems to be spots.  If I suddenly find myself in need of an outfit asap I know that I can just zip over here and I will find what I need.
5	I find myself walking around Kierland a lot to window shop or meet up with some friends. Kierland is a great browsing mall because:* It's not to big* Interesting shops* Lots of good restaurants* Nice atmosphereOne of the reasons I find myself at Kierland so often is because it is literally five, if that, minutes from my parents house. Some of the stores I like to go in are Crate and Barrel, Z Gallery, 42 Saint, Cos Bar, Anthropologie, a huge Barnes and Nobel, Coach, and J Crew to name a few. It's a nice and relaxing experience unlike most malls which are crawling with teenie boppers.
5	I worked an event here for my company. It's a nice place to window shop (too rich for my blood), but even nicer place to people watch.The management and security are first class all the way. If I hit the Mega Millions jackpot tonight, I'll fly back here and go on a shopping spree (and do some more people watching).UPDATE: Out of three Mega Lotto tickets, I hit one number. Maybe next week Kierland Commons.
5	Kierland Commons is a very nice outdoor mall located in prestigious North Scottsdale. There is a nice selection of stores, most of which are very expensive. They have some nice restaurants here as well. They have a great Barnes & Noble here as well. The place isn't too big, so it's easy to walk around everywhere. There are new lofts being built over some of the stores. They also have condos, patio homes, a resort, and a golf course on sight here too. Overall, if you're in the Phoenix area and want to feel wealthy, head over to Kierland Commons, where the wealthy abound.
2	A clicky, trendy place, whose (to me) only two redeeming qualities are its eateries, and its proximity to my house.  Whoever designed this small outdoor mall never took a course in traffic flow patterns or how many parking spaces a mall of this size would require.  On slow days, it is difficult to get a spot.  On busy days, it is virtually impossible to park.  After my second trip in the last 3 weeks when I was unable to find a spot, other than for meals (where I can valet), I won't be going back.
4	I love how Kierland Commons is an outdoor mall...on a nice January day, it's so refreshing that when I want to go shopping, I can walk around outside and enjoy the beautiful weather instead of being trapped inside a mall.  Kierland has the stores I like to shop in, so it's easier to go there than have to deal with the Chandler Mall or Scottsdale Fashion Square.  On a Saturday morning, parking was extremely easy at Kierland and all of the stores were pretty empty.  I hate shopping where I feel as if I am tripping over people.The Barnes and Noble is two stories and is quite large...the layout was kind of annoying to me though.  There are a few cute boutiques that are worth checking out, plus Banana Republic, Coach, Crate and Barrel, BCBG, J Crew, Victorias Secret, etc.  Even though Kierland is about a 20-25 minute drive for me, I will most definitely be shopping there when I want fresh air and the basic stores.
5	When I first moved to Phoenix I lived by PV Mall. I had nothing better to do then lounge by the pool, shop at the mall and wait for my roomie to call to meet him for happy hour. So one day I met him at Ra at Kierland. It reminded me of my Fisher Price little peole village I played with when I was six. Ok, seven. Alright, I played with it well into junior high! Wow! Hello Kierland. Good bye PV Mall. I love the street side parking and the upscale/small town look. I love that they have a French Connection and that candy store! I would have lunch at North and then hit the shops. A great place to stroll around, people watch and increase your debt!
5	I love Keirland commons!  It's a beautiful outdoor high end mall in North Scottsdale.  For starters, they have a really HUGE barnes and noble there worth checking out.  Secondly, they have a variety of dining options, from Starbucks, to PF changs, to a few pretty expensive places as well.  Guarenteed to please anyone looking for a variety of dining options with hard to please pallets.  They also have a great little breakfast joint tucked away in the middle of the place, that has a pretty decent atmosphere.  I cant remember the name of it, but its the only bagel breakfast joint in the spot.There is also plenty of shopping to do here, with a great variety of stores.  They have a fabulous cookware store there as well, that offers some cooking classes.  I believe there is also a great wine bar there as well, amoungst other things.  Definately a must do for anyone!Its also located near the very expensive and fancy Westin resort.  That hotel is worth checking out as well.This place is DEFINATELY a place to bring your parents, date or just walk around alone.  Worth the trip, even if you live outside of scottsdale.
4	I took my sister who is visiting from California here. Also my first time.This is a Beautiful place to walk around and people watch. But be warned it's the survival of the snootiest here!I'll definitely return to try out the rest of the restaurants but the shopping not so much. The stores were pretty boring to me, I Much more enjoyed the scenery and the atmosphere.4 stars for the restaurants and the pretty outdoor setting, But wait what about when its 120 degrees? Probably not so fun!
3	My fav store is the ginormous Barnes & Noble I could easily move in there and live happily ever after there. The shooting fountains or wet spot area thing is a blast for the kiddies on a warm day, you can leave them there w Dad while you go shop over at Bebe, Coach, or Victoria's Secret for later bed time ;) Va va voom!It is a higher end outdoor mall if you dont like higher end then Desert Ridge could be more your style
3	While the idea is not new - an updated outdoor shopping center that mimics a European outdoor shopping and residential district, Kierland Commons is similar to West Village in Dallas, TX or Santana Row in Santa Clara, CA, however, in the Scottsdale version, it is completely stripped of any personality and design, perhaps to better blend in with the desert environment.The usual suburban chain stores can be found at this shopping center, ranging from Smith and Hawken, Banana Republic, Barnes & Noble and the like, though there are a select few independent retailers which make a trip to this center a little more interesting.  Parking can be difficult, however, there are lots that line the backside of the center as well as valet parking across from the center park.  People watching is quite entertaining, from the kiddies that frolick in the fountains, to Barbie's desert siblings.The independent dining options are a little more interesting, such as The Green House and Zinc Bistro, though again, the usual unimaginative chains are represented here, including PF Chang's and The Cheesecake Factory.  While I don't find most of the retail offerings at Kierland Commons to be particularly compelling to make multiple repeat visits, I will return for the more independent dining options.
5	Kierland Commons is one of my favorite places to meet up and hang.  Where shopping is a-plenty and the restaurant choices abundant. I have often broused in the bookstore and then wandered to Coldstone for an ice cream and relax in the center plaza.The mainstreet is enjoyable to stroll at leaisure, enjoyng the misters in the heat of the summer.Kierland Commons is a fine collection of boutiques, shopping and restaurants - well designed and planned.
4	Wheee fun shopping ! You  want to know  what  made the shopping super fun? Sure you do.. It was  having  many types of stores that were quality without being too extravagant . For example La Sur Table , high quality kitchen supplies for   chopping, flipping and serving  needs  ..love it,  Crate and Barrel  great home goods for reasonable prices ...  Smith and Hawkins unique garden supplies ... And of course always love Anthropologie..   a cool, eclectic blend  of  clothes and home goods.  There  are other solid places to shop too !  If you haven't been to  Kierland,  you'll notice it's set up like a little quaint town with a sweet grassy area by the ice cream place.
5	this may be the only place in scottsdale i would take out of scottsdale and relocate to somewhere close. it is that good, even with the chain shops and restaurants.
5	Wow, I'm really glad that they have this listed on here, great.  Ok, so here we go:The concept of outdoor malls have become so prevalent and widespread, warmer weather destinations can no longer lay exclusive claim to them, Columbus, OH, has a great one, but Kierland Commons really shines as a people watcher's paradise.  You can see a little bit of everything here, honest.  I've been here enough times to tell you that, yep, the Yanni-looking dude with the bright red Ferrari F430, seen'em; the absolutely amazing-looking model-ridiculous women, seen'em; the standard-fare scottsdale gold diggers with their botoxed faces and newly acquired bosoms, seen'em; and the completely confused self-conscious snowbirds, causing numerous near accidents, seen'em.  I've seen it all at this place.  Like a pooch in a car on a warm spring day, I love sticking my head out the window and taking it all in at this place.  Have fun and enjoy the plastic fantastics.
5	Five stars solely on the fact that where else can ones toddler run around stark naked through the splash pads at lunch time on a Friday?  Even better were the looks and comments from the passer-byers we got.  We got a good laugh living vicariously through him and he had a ball.  I need to laugh that hard more often.  What else could you ask for?
4	This is the equivalent of Stanford mall meeting Los Gatos at home. It has all of the major brands (White House Black Market, Sur La Table, Borders etc) as well as cute boutiques but it is outside... nice for strolling. Home of the Zinc Bistro (which I thoroughly enjoyed for lunch) and several other highish end restaurants. Parking is all over which is nice. We parked near borders and walked around a bit before heading to lunch. What I appreciate about Scottsdale is that there are few Starbucks.... (this mall happens to have one) which the boyfriend is freaked out about but I find it hilarious..
4	a welcome reprieve for those dwellers of north Scottsdale that are adverse to dining in / shopping at those innumerable strip malls that dot the north valley. mid range to upper mid range shopping , plenty of fresh and funky trattorias and enough unique boutiques to make it feel a little different . well groomed and well laid out with cooling mist along the promenades and a Starbucks in the B & N. a vibe a little like Rodeo Drive without the real high end offerings ( ie Chanel/Prada/Vuitton) . always somewhere to eat , always something worth taking home , always people to see .
4	When the weather's nice, this is the perfect shopping center and when the weather makes eggs fry on the sidewalk, I suffer through the heat because their quality of shopping is just that good. Kierland Commons is pretty much a one-stop shopping destination. Equipped with great dining destinations, retail for every level of pocket book spending, shopping for your home and shopping to satisfy your literary cravings, they have something for everyone here. One a sunny day, I love to park at Kierland Commons and browse the different shops. The Tommy Bahamas restaurant takes me to Hawaii for a brief moment and Anthropologie teaches me how to be fashionably eclectic. The "common" area of Kierland Commons is a great place to sit and rest your weary feet and enjoy the water features going on around you. During the summertime, they launched a summer concert series and while I haven't had a chance to attend, I was thrilled to hear that they were creating fun activities for locals during summer months. Kierland Commons also does a wonderful job hosting events like Taste in the springtime. By closing the streets within the Commons, they create a foodie's paradise with samplings and cocktails galore. Kierland Commons has stunning architecture and it's always nice to take a walk through the vicinity. Palm trees line the streets and shops welcome you with opens arms...or should I say hands asking for your dollars! The vicinity has plenty of parking and while it gets crowded on a weekend afternoon, it never feels too congested except possibly during the holiday season. So if you haven't visited Kierland Commons yet, you should add it to your list. But save your pennies before you visit because you'll want to leave with arms full of shopping bags!
5	I love this shopping complex!  I was first here several years ago and the core stores are the same, but there's now shops on the other side of N Scottsdale Rd, making it an even more efficient shopping destination!All the basic stores you need are here for clothing (Anthropologie, BR, JCrew, Loft, BCBG, VS, etc...) and home decor - Williams Sonoma Home (on the other side), Restoration Hardware, Crate and Barrel and Sur La Table.  Dining options include North, Ra sushi, and the always-present Starbucks.If you're lazy, I love that you can valet your car, which I have used previously.  There's also parking along the periphery and you can walk a few minutes into the complex.If you don't need the ultra-high end stores, Kierland is one of my favorite one-stop shopping for basics... I left here with bags of clothes from my usual culprits, along with some awesome workout clothing from a store called Lucy, which might divert some of my Lululemon money again next time I'm in the area!
4	This is a nice, upscale shopping complex.  There's a decent variety of stores an restaurants.  However, the availability for parking leaves room for improvement.
3	Good outdoor mall when the weather is nice.I go here for RA happy hour sometimes.However, I found a HUGE roach chilling near the fountain area on the stone step/ bench area.Well, duh its an outdoor mall...but still, I refuse to get along with roaches.That one experience was disgusting and kind of freaked me out thus I'm hesitant to go back.
5	Whenever I want to shop in fresh air or even walk off a meal from Cheesecake Factory this is the place to be! The place is beautifully maintained with just the right combination of unique shops. There's a Starbucks, a Nespresso (inside Sur La Table, the awesome cookware shop), Juicy Couture, Anthropologie, Coach, Crate & Barrel, RA sushi, Cold Stone, Banana Republic, bebe, BCBG, and one of my recently-discovered favorites: Francesca's Collections. It's kind of like Anthropologie, clothing-wise, but a lot cheaper. The main reason I like it, however, is the fabulous array of shiny things and knick-knacks that they have throughout the store in addition to the clothes! Where else can you buy a dress, an intense birthday card, AND a pen that writes in 10 colors???Anyway, Kierland is a great place to eat and walk around in. I like how if you're waiting for a table at Cheesecake you can pop into Crate & Barrel to pass the time (I usually end up buying things there too :P). I've never had a problem with parking and there are always spots somewhere. The exception would be the holiday season, probably. Lots of really posh cars here! Scottsdale Quarter is right across the street, which means that once I've had my walking-around-and-shopping-in-a-cute-and-breezy-upscale-small-town fix, I can head over to get my urban-feel fix!
2	BORING...It's one of those "very chic" shopping venues that is  sterile and dull with all the same shops you can see at any high end mall.  I'd rather walk around the TL in San Francisco. It's more interesting.
4	Kierland Commons, and now Scottsdale Quarter (across Scottsdale Road) is one of those fun outdoor Malls you see mostly in California (Walnut Creek, etc), and believe it or not Chicago (Old Orchard). The stores are a mixture of upscale and the eclectic. You have Z Galleries, Restoration Hardware and Crate & Barrel next to the Rock Star store.  But the best thing about Kierland is the dining experience: Tommy Bahamas, Zinc Bistro, etc.Now, you can shop till you drop and eat & drink till you... er, drop, too.
3	Though not much personality, Kierland is a pleasant outdoor shopping mall - great for walking around after a satisfying lunch at any of it's restaurants. Dining and shops are expensive, so be prepared to drop a few $$$$, or just do some window shopping. Plenty of high end fashion names, such as Coach, Seven, Juicy, and BCBG, as well as a few closet staples like Victoria's Secret, Banana Republic, Guess and JCrew. You'll also find home stores Crate and Barrel, Restoration Hardware and Sur La Table. For some afternoon or early evening leisure, hop on over to the two story Barnes and Noble - right across from the play fountain.Biggest gripe, other than the snooty ambience and boring personality, is parking. Parking bites, especially if you drive anything bigger than a Corolla since many parking spots are designated compact. Really - have you looked around AZ, most everyone drives an SUV - especially the upper crust clientele Kierland caters to.
4	This is one of my favorite areas in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Lot's of great restaurants.  Stopped yesterday in and bought a new pair of jeans at Lucky Brand.  The occasional concerts are fun too!
5	Home to one of my favorite dishes of all time; lobster mashed potatoes at Ocean Club. There are lots of mid-price home decor stores like Crate & Barrel, Z Gallerie, and even a few kitchen/cooking stores like Sur La Table. It's the perfect size to walk around, even when it's a billion degrees out (misters!!!) Parking is usually decent, too. If you do go, do yourself a favor and skip the giant chains like PF Changs and Cheesecake Factory. They're still chains, but try Ra (lunch special or happy hour), North, Zinc Bistro, etc.
4	KIerland Commons is a fantastic development. Lots of great shopping, restaurants, lofts, etc.... Only problem for me is that I live in Scottsdale and frequent the Scottsdale Public Library, therefore I want my tax dollars to go into Scottsdale's coffers so I will try to do most of my shopping and dining across the street at the Scottsdale Quarter (except for Zinc Bistro - I'll keep going to Zinc regardless of what zip code it's in).
5	I love outdoor malls and this is one of my favorites.  Why?  Because not only are there cool stores, but there are some great restaurants here too.  NoRTH  and Chloe's Corner are two of my favorite places here. (separate reviews for each)I also enjoy walking around and enjoying the outdoors.  I typically park in the lot near Chloe's Corner and walk from street to street, window shopping and sitting down at a bench or two to enjoy the scene.Will be back soon.Return Factor - 100%
5	What a cool little outdoor shopping area.  I was happy to find they offered a free Gin Blossoms concert!  I took my lil baby and it was his first concert. :)  Awww...Free parking, too!  Might see you there!
5	This is the best outdoor shopping center; it has great stores and restaurants not to mention a wonderful splash pad for kids! The splash pad is the best I have seen in AZ; it is surrounded by palm trees, it has abundant seating and the fountains actually shoot out a lot of water...great place.
3	I should let you know that I come from Southern California. There are a ton of beautiful outdoor malls everywhere there. This is probably why Kierland did not impress me. I thought it was a small mall with not a lot of stores that I can't find elsewhere. I drove from Gilbert to here because the place was spoken so highly about. I won't be making this trip again anytime soon. There are other malls with the same stores closer. They don't even have a Sephora. The place is pretty and well kept, but I have seen better.
5	I love that Kierland Commons has so many unique shops and excellent restaurants. The outdoor feel v Fashion Square's big anchor store feel is pleasant. Bobby's and Zinc are excellent places to eat and now that the Quarter has filled out across the street, there's a ton of really nice stores between the 2 locations.
4	I love this place so much, a few years back one of the stores asked me to work there for the holidays.  Of course that was B.T. (Before twins).  I used to love walking around the different stores and meeting girlfriends for lunch at Zinc or North.   Also Chloe's corner used to be called the Counter.  This place is still awesome and there are still a few great stores I frequent.   The only downside is parking during Holiday Season, ugh, it is aweful.
4	Swanky outdoor shopping plaza. Loved Sur La Table and the Vic's Secret. Nice grounds and fun to stroll around while enjoying a Starbucks. Trying to park was horrendous though!
5	I do not know about the many other stores at Keriland Commons but I must say that the service at the Bose store is great! I remember buying a pair of QC2 headphones four years ago.  After realizing that they were defective. I went back to the store two weeks before my warranty was over and the store replaced the headphones on the spot. I am writing this review because just recently I returned to the same store to get the ear cups and connector cable for the headphones replaced. (Yes I still have the same headphones after all these years) When I walked into the store one of the employees offered to upgrade the headphones to the newer model for $100.00 . I did consider doing it because the replacement parts would have been somewhere around $60.00. After walking around a bit I asked the man behind the counter who I'm pretty sure was the manager if it was worth upgrading the headset, and if he had the replacement parts ine stock.  After a little small talk he grabs some replacement parts from under the counter and hands them to me free of charge. I don't know if the parts were necessarily brand new but they worked and I'm very pleased.
5	Kierland Commons, and now Scottsdale Quarter (across Scottsdale Road) is one of those great outdoor Malls. Lots of shopping upscale and eclectic mix. Great restaurants if you want to eat, better chains include Cheesecake, PF Changs, Morton's, Tommy Bahama's Restaurant as well as smaller trendy places. The shopping has chain stores such as Anthropologie, Banana Republic, BCBG, Chicos, Coach, Michael Kors, etc. as well as smaller shops. Wonderful way to spend some time (and money) outdoors. Across the street at Scottsdale Quarter, you have more great shopping and eats. The Kierland Commons condos located directly behind the mall are high end, beautiful modern condos that you can rent or buy. They are quite pricey, but what a great area to be in....
5	A fancy outdoor shopping mall (right across the Scottsdale Quarter) There are a lot of restaurants here and swanky stores like Crate N Barrel, JCrew, Seven for all Mankind, Sur La Table, Anthropologie and Coach.There aren't a lot of fast food eateries here, so if you need a quick bite you'll have to drive out of the commons. Definitely nice area and on a sunny day, it's just fun to walk around and people watch.
5	I love this shopping area... or is it called a mall? I am new to AZ and I am not sure what they call their outdoor shopping areas. But anyway... this place is fantastic for walking around to enjoy the weather, finding great restaurants and SHOPPING (or window shopping). They have upscale stores here that are great to look around in and well as some small boutiques. It is across from Scottsdale Quater (more shopping) which is great. You can spend the entire day just walking around the 2 places. This is one of my go-to places to just enjoy the beautiful weather that Arizona has to offer.
5	I love this place, especially October through April.  Wonderful, upscale, outdoor shopping center with excellent shops and restaurants.Also love that you can now easily hop across the street to Scottsdale Quarter for even more of the same goodness.
4	I really like this outdoor mall. There are some great restaurants there, including Morton's Steak House,.Cheesecake Factory and North.  However, they don't have any department stores. I love the Michael Kors store.
5	LOVE this place.  The shopping and the food and the outdoors of it all make this place worth it.  The shops are upscale and well maintained and serviced and the staff is wonderful and I visit many of the stores on many different times/days weekend or weekday and it just doesn't get better.The food is also top notch. Some Fox Concept restaurants like North and some chain like Cheesecake Factory or P.F. Changs there is a great variety in food and in price ranges as well.Walk around, enjoy the scenery and shopping and it will be a wonderful day at Kierland.
4	I love this shopping center, not so much the shops but for the restaurants! Across the street from scottsdale quarter, so its a perfect edition. I really like the cheesecake factory along with yard house!
4	I love shopping here even in the 100 degree heat!  The place is small but all the shop are worth going too.  You just can't go wrong here.
4	Very decent stores, good location, and very nice set up.
5	Still a great place to peruse the shops and enjoy the eateries! One of my favorite shopping spots, anywhere!
5	I love Kierland Commons, it is such a fun place.  I don't mind that it is an outside mall, it has a lot of character and also a lot of my favorite shops.  I don't know how they did it, but I think this is the best one of the outside malls.  I love how they decorate it during the holidays.  It is small enough that it does not matter where you park, you can walk around the entire mall, even carrying your big shopping bags.   I am so glad this mall is only 20 minutes away, you never know when a session of retail therapy is needed.  By the way, the condos there are gorgeous, I went to a birthday party and the place was so amazing.
3	Nice place! Snottsdale pricey stores.
5	I visited Kierland Commons this past weekend for dinner, and I loved the setup! It was like metropolitan shopping village! There were a lot of great stores, and I liked that there were also smaller boutiques mixed in with the brand retailers. It is all outdoors, so it can get hot, but at night, it would still be a great place to stroll around, shop and grab a tasty bite!
4	While not nearly as big as Scottsdale Fashion Square, Kierland Commons is a good eating/shopping destination if you are in North Scottsdale.  If you are staying at the Westin, you can easily walk, drive, or take the free Westin shuttle.The design and layout tries to evoke the idea of a small town center with streets running through the mall.  It's compact enough that even old folks or people with kids can walk around the whole thing without feeling overwhelmed (assuming it's not too hot).  The stores are all mid- to high-end with a range of things from fashion (Guess, Michael Kors) to home goods (Sur La Table, Crate and Barrell), and the restaurants range from family friendly chain restaurants (Cheesecake Factory, P.F. Chang's) to local restaurants (North, Greene House) to high end steak/fish house (Mastro's Ocean Club).
5	Attended a wonderful event here for the Marine Corps Scholarship Fund. What a blast. Beautiful venue and great food. Gordon C James PR Firm organized this event and everything was great - they even had an after party with live music planned out. All around an awesome time.
5	I didn't know LA moved to Scottsdale.  This is the Santana Row is San Jose and the fake boobed area of the OC.  My tits ain't fake so I didn't fit in here.  Its a cool outdoor mall but its too hot to walk around.  I am glad they have water spraying on the sidewalks.
5	love this place. restaurants are a definite A+ and so are the stores. parking can be hard to find on the weekends and always fridays so thats a shame but besides that i love this place, its right across from scottsdale quarter so thats better and with the new crosswalk they built you could easily park at kierland and walk across to scottsdale quarter in under 5 minutes.
4	This reminds me of Rodeo Drive...very ritzy and classy. A good place to window shop. We were there after dinner at the Cheesecake Factory, on a Saturday evening. There was a band playing there and a lot of people gathered around. I'm not sure how often a band plays there but it was a suggested event here on Yelp.
5	Love it ! Wonderful staff ! Great prices and wonderful furniture .
5	This place has it all and is not crowded.. Great place to consider when shopping is needed.
4	More upscale type shops, which is fine if that's what you are looking to find.  The atmosphere is great to walk around in and once it cools off we'll be venturing back and giving the Tommy Bahama restaurant a try since there outside porch view of the Kierland Commons seemed ideal.I'd recommend going here if you are looking for a nicer (and a touch pricier) outfit, eclectic art / furniture for the home and maybe a bite to eat.  Oh.  Final note - the Barnes and Noble is a large location so be sure to swing in there for a good book, coffee or a clean bathroom break!
5	The weather is awesome right now and now is the time to go to shopping centers like Kierland.  Over the past few years, it has been one of my favorite places to visit from the Fall through Spring season.  It reminds me of Town Square in Las Vegas (one of my fav places of all time).There are a ton of restaurants here.....Bobby's Jazz Lounge, North, Mastro's, PF Chang's, Chloe's Corner, Zinc Bistro....and much more.  We enjoy grabbing an Ice Cream at Cold Stone and walking around.  It's also fun to bring our dogs for a leisurely stroll window shopping.  Definitely worth stopping by if you're in the area.Return Factor - 100%
5	Had a fun time shopping here with the hubby, got some stuff at v secret then headed over to the Mac store and grabbed Apple TV. Great shopping mall but would probably think it might be too hot for me here in the summer. We went and it was cold but then in the middle of our shopping trip it started to rain! :-( oh well still went home with a smile cuz of all the goodies we got.Gets pretty packed, do your Christmas shopping done early! And bring a jacket in the winter months!
4	I do love going to Kierland and stopping into Michael Kors to see what is new.  The staff is enthusiastic and let you look around, play with different looks & it's completely ok if you don't buy something that day...cause we will be back.  Porsche, one of the manager's always remembers me even when I haven't been in for 6 months which makes me feel pretty special when I get that warm, smiling welcome.  I have been to other Michael Kors and haven't received as great as service.
5	Wonderful outdoor shopping center. Always clean and a very good variety of stores. Honorable mentions here: Sur La Table, Anthropologie, Z Gallerie, Barnes & Noble, Teavana, and VS.
4	Fun shopping site for high-end storesKierland Commons has some uncommon stores ad restaurants that we visit on occasion.  iPic is the best movie experience in town.  I'm a fan of True Foods and Zinc Bistro.  They have the best Apple Store in the region.  And the clothing stores are good for splurging.Mall layout is also nice when the weather is good.  During the summer, it's a drag to be out there in the extreme heat.  And if you want to see a bunch of people with Ferrari, Maserati, Porsche, and an occasional Lambo, this is definitely your place.
5	Kierland is right across from the scottsdale quarter. Both based on the same principle, they offer restaurants and great shopping options. It's all located outdoors so if you enjoy shopping outside then this is the place to go. I love going here with my family for dinners or a great shopping day with my friends. I would refer people to go to kierland then an indoor mall.
4	I love coming to Kierland Commons!  It is a beautiful outdoor shopping mall, complete with shops such as Crate & Barrell, Michael Kors, Coach, Z Gallerie, Sur la Table and more.  There are also a range of restaurants and services.  Enjoy a Starbucks and browse for books at Barnes & Noble, or go to Tommy Bahama for shopping and delicious tropics-inspired food.
5	First class. This place is beautiful. Love just walking around the stores. Parking can get tight at times, but no big deal.  Bring your wallet.
4	Outdoor mall situated in affluent North Scottsdale. If you don't do heat PLUS snobby and rude, this might not be the place for you. Start with Biltmore Fashion and work your way up...Kierland Commons and Kierland Quarters are great places to go for a day of shopping. There are plenty of restaurants to satisfy any appetite. There's a little "elite-ness" in the atmosphere. It's not uncommon to see Ferrari's, Maserati's, Bentley's, Rolls Royce's, Aston Martin's and the likes parked here. So if you are intimidated by this then... (you know)I don't have the privilege to drive a luxury vehicle, but I do love to shop and eat. :-)  My experiences here have been very pleasant. I often find myself spending a whole day here. :-) I always find a good deal. I like going to many of the stores or just simply window shopping (uhhh. Wow! oooh-la-lahhhh!) . On certain evenings, there is entertainment such as a listening to live band, children playing in the fountain, watching a local school performance, or taking in a movie.  There are a mixture of restaurants...very high-end, swanky restaurants to reasonably affordable.
5	I loved this place! It is one of the best outdoor shopping experiences in Scottsdale, Arizona. They have many good stores from Anthropologie, to Bebe to Barnes & Noble. They also have nice restaurants ranging from fancy to cafe style. I really enjoyed this place and hope to be coming back soon!
3	Outdoor mall.  More for the 40+ crowd.  On a warm day, it's a nice place to walk around as there's mist sprays everywhere and various restaurants to eat at.
1	I went to Michael Kors to  shop the jewelry section for a Christmas gift. The sales clerk named Linda took a sentry stance  front of  of me and the jewelry  case and refused to speak to me. Apparently this sales clerk does not consider an ethnic person such as myself a viable customer. I live in North Scottsdale and I'm sure I make more money than a sales clerk.
4	I'm gonna start by saying that I am a HUGE fan of MK. I'm not a designer bag/watch person what so ever, but I will always spend money on purses, wallets, watches, etc. from Michael Kors. Great quality material and awesome customer service. I've had one mishap with a handbag and they lovely ladies helped me right away by switching out my bag for a brand new one, I wasn't even expecting that! And they sure do know how to sell you stuff, but I can't complain.
3	We just did a drive through the area but it looked to have a lot of high dollar stores, restaurants and plenty of urban hipsters.  Might be better to walk around but there were stores too rich for my blood.
4	Extremely close to Scottsdale Quarter, so if I'm in the area I always have to hit both locations. The have an excellent fountain here that the kids can play in during the day if it's hot enough and they also do awesome events each season. During Christmas I know they had Santa there and complimentary hot chocolates which is an awesome and free family event.Also, how do you go wrong with an awesome book store? I waste my afternoon in there weekly.
5	i love kierland commons! i love shopping at pb teen, barns and nobles, teavanna, vs, craft and barrel, brighton.... its such a nice area and there are plenty of resteraunts to grab a quick bite.theres also a cold stone and i love grabbing ice cream while its hot out!not to mention they have the best starbucks ( the one near vs) the service there is fantastic and they make my drinks perfectly the way i specify themplus scottsdale quarter is right down the street and i always have to stop by if im going to kierland.
4	Really enjoy Kierland,even during the summer. Great stores and done fun spots to eat as well. Gets a bit crowded but during non tourist season it is much better. The only store I ever had an issue with was Coach, they were very rude, so I now just walk by.
