4	The biscuits, the biscuits, the biscuits!! I came here to redeem my free burger with the purchase of 2 drinks coupon and to my surprise the turkey burger with swiss and mushrooms was splendid with sweet potato fries and mac n cheese......yum! I usually come here once or twice a year for the salad bar or one of their many low calorie meals, but the wonderful bartender, Joseph, introduced me to those crack biscuits........let's just say I'll probably be a regular from this day forward..........
2	Stuck us old fat people in a corner and tried to forget about us! No biscuits with the salad bar, but the menu states that it comes with! Waitress waited on the four young guys that came in behind us. Only ever saw our waitress twice. Never asked if we wanted a refill either! Hubby thought things were fine, not me. Don't think you should gave to wait 10 just to see a waitress and get your order in!
5	I can't really comprehend how a chain restaurant can serve fresh produce--but they did, and it was great. The asparagus was maybe perfect? Also our waitress, Mary, was pretty rad. The best thing that anyone on a road trip could have asked for.
4	Food is always yummy here, but the service here is a bit.. Meh. I don't really know why I was given a kids cup as I was holding an adult menu and I don't think I look 8.  Service was totally absent and didn't do anything for us
4	Pretzel burger with portobello mushrooms and onion straws! I ordered broccoli as my side. It was prepared perfectly!Our server was attentive and very friendly.I mentioned it was my birthday and she brought me a cute and yummy cupcake!
1	Well, where to start? Let's see we sat down and got our drinks ( good thing they were all waters ) Our waiter then took our orders, so far so good. Well that is where it ended. My mother and I got each other's orders, I got the turkey burger and she got a well done hamburger. Well, she got my turkey burger and I got her well done burger. The waiter says that he messed the order up but it was the kitchen that messed it up. So the waiter did the right thing and made the order right. The manager came over and apologized and said our food would be right out. That took close to 30 min. My wife and kids already had eaten and our food arrived, finally. The meal for me was good and my mom enjoyed hers the kids liked theirs, my wife later told me that her burger was well done and she asked for a med. this was not a big deal because she was hungry. When the check came my wife said that they should have taken one or two burgers off the bill because of the screw up....... Nothing was taken off. We will not be back to this restaurant , and would not recommend this  restaurant  to anyone. Oooooooooh by the way they had no more then 15 people in the restaurant and had 6-8 waiters...... Sad we use to like this place
5	First time I've been to this ruby Tuesday and it was great. Hostess was pleasant and greeted us with a big smile. Sat at a booth in the bar area and service was awesome. I like that they have healthy options. I had the 3 veggies and unlimited salad bar for $9.99. Can't beat that!
4	We are fans of Ruby Tuesday. Love their sliders and really love their hamburgers on the pretzel roll. Then to top it off you hit the salad bar which has a nice variety of toppings and pasta. The food is always awesome and the servers always are very welcoming.
3	The staff was super friendly,  and didn't complain about having to separate all of our checks.   They were flexible with  switching out items on the sampler plate.   My steak was cooked as I asked,  and was fairly good for this type of restaurant.   The green beans were nice and crisp and surprising seasoned very nicely.   The mashed potatoes however were like paste.
