5	best traditional Chinese food in Montreal!i love spicy!the Fish in the charcoal Pot is sooooooo good!i will comeback for sure!!!
1	Loved the grilled fish on my first visit back in July. So decided to come back again today with some friends and my daughter. The service could have been better: we SPECIFICALLY asked for 2 plates to be prepared non spicy (a winter melon dish and a sauteed pork dish), when the pork dish came, we all digged in to eat some and when my daughter realized the dish was spicy, I looked into the plate and found lots of hot pepper!!! When I asked the waitress to change it, her answer was "sorry, you already ate a quarter of the dish so we cant take it back, since the dish cannot be sold to other customers, if you have eaten less I could have taken it back. REALLY UNACCEPTABLE!! First, as a restaurateur, if you make a mistake you take back the dish and do it again, second you ARE NOT supposed to give a dish that has been eaten to other clients.... DISGUSTING!!!
3	Giving this a 3 for the moment. We had king po chicken and also the dry spicy chicken with two portions of rice. Should probably have gone for the fish in the pot so will review this next time. Service was good, really nice waitress. I would say it was a bit on the pricey side
1	I went in having loved what the past restaurant was. I was having a craving for hot & sour soup. We were sited then I make my order, to which the waitress insists on having me order more food. I politely decline then she pushes for another plate to which i didn't want to cause a scene, i ordered the General tso.I mention my food allergies to the waitress, to which when i receive my soup has contains what I am allergic to. I remind her about mentioning my allergy to which after insisting with her, she brings back a soup I can eat. We get the General Tso, It was mostly breaded and less meat. Ihave about 3 pieces since I only wanted the soup. I excuse myself from the table, which a co worker asked me how I was enjoying my visit, and I asked if there was a minimum amount of food one could order in a sitting because the waitress is insistent, the co worker says she'll talk to my waitress. I sit back down to have the waitress come argue with me asking if it really was too much food, to which I said yes. She insisted again that I was wrong and that i should try harder. At this point, having worked in another customer service I decided I had enough but was respectful enough still to not cause a scene & demanded my bill. I paid and left very upset with my dining experience. Terrible. what a shame.
4	Ordered 3 dishes and absolutely love them all. Really spicy and fit my taste perfectly.
3	My friend and I were in the mood for steak.Look around and it's the wrong neighborhood for steak.Second craving was Asian food.Not knowing a whole lot about Chinese cuisine, we relied on which of the 10 or so restaurants in this area had the most clientele from that part of the world.It kinda lets me know how authentic something isI pass by here a lot and never saw this place that opened about a year ago.Don't tell the language police but there are almost no signs in French or English, a pretty good sign it caters to ex-pats.This place specializes in cuisine from the Hubei province in China, the waitress said they eat pretty spicy, which is an understatement.Lordy lord is this food spicy, and I love spicy.The general Tao was the least spicy, sauce not too sweet and the breading was perfectly crisp.The beef schezuan was pretty savoury and had a peppery kick.The one dish that was over the top was the spicy fish swimming in a chili pepper broth.The fish was perfect,  the seasoning very strong and a couple of teaspoons of the soup helped to warm up very quickly.The service was OK, not amazing but in line with other similar places.The prices are from $9 for the chicken to over $15 for some dishes.There are some dishes that are way out of my taste palate like duck blood cake and beef tripes, but if it's your thing, this is the place.
