4	Very friendly environment. They take walk-ins as well as making appointments. They do hair and wax hair removal. They even do pedicures.I went in for a eyebrow wax and a hair trim. Mary did a great eyebrow wax. When I asked for a trim she trimmed up my layers very nicely so they were more prominent. They do charge extra for a shampoo but a shampoo and a hair cut is the only way to go.
4	Mary is my favorite.  However their are several options so you can find your best fit.  I get my kids cuts there too.  Not the best for kids but they do a good job.  I suggest every tries them.  Their pricing is responsible and the owner is very down to earth and workable.
5	I have been to several Salons both in the East and West Valley and I'm extremely happy I found this place. My stylist is Angie. She is super friendly and did an amazing job on my hair. I showed her a picture of the Color Highlights I wanted and she did just that with an awesome twist to it. She made it look even more amazing than I could've imagine. Thank you Angie for doing a great job!
1	I did not get a bad cut; however, I did not get what I asked for. I have a sever a-line bob. I asked for Young to keep the same shape just trim about 1/4 inch off the length. She took it upon herself to add layers where there were none, and took off about a full inch of length. When I noticed the long chunk fall to my lap, I asked why she was trimming more than the previously discussed amount. Her comment was "Oh you didnt want me to add layers?" My response was, "why would you add some where there were none to start with?" She replied "I should have I asked, Im sorry. Do you want me to add them to the other side that I have not cut?" to which I responded "Well they have to match...." Like I stated at the start, had I asked for her to take off an inch and turn my sleek drastic A-Line into a short choppy pixi, I got a good cut.
5	Erin did such a great job with my hair... I have very long thick hair and I wanted a reverse ombre and she did such a good job and the pricing was definitely reasonable I will be back to see Erin soon everyone should try her out
