4	Terrific Vietnamese banh mi (baguette sandwiches). Try the BBQ pork or the meatball. Dirt cheap, too. Ambiance is that of a well-lit aircraft hangar, but it's fun for lunch.
4	How often do you come across a real treasure?  Once every couple of years?  Well, the Chandler AZ treasure of 2007 is Lee's Sandwiches, and I wish them much success.Why I Give Mad Props to Lee's Sandwiches:1. They have outdoor seating with mist-ers to keep customers cool, even at 110 degrees.2. Add a statuesque actor in trademark John Wayne Gasey white makeup & a gondola canal inside, and you'd have the Venetian.  Then again, maybe not, but there is a mini concave rotunda built into the ceiling, painted with the colors of the wind.3. They have a baguette factory.  Watch stainless steel machinery crank out French style loaves, while you and your chums enjoy an affordable meal in the dining area.4. Eighteen different flavors of gelato.5. They have a Deli Manjoo cream cake counter, with colorful carrying cases for to-go orders.6. Fresh bread, fresh whole cilantro and thinly sliced fresh jalapenos joined forces to awaken sleepy taste buds.7. The stylish Lance Armstrong style rubber bracelet which was affixed to each sandwich to keep the wrapper on tight.  Okay, it was just a sixteenth of an inch wide and only came in white.  What do you all want for nothing?  A rubber biscuit?8. The low low prices.9. My meal provided me with a front row seat to the putrid-pudding-stampede, at no additional cost.Why I Put Lee's Sandwiches on Blast:1. They don't take plastic... but they do have a shifty looking ATM against the wall.2. The sweetly pickled julienned carrot sticks which were strategically placed on my meatball and bbq pork subs.  I didn't find the extra crunch to be an appealing augmentation.3.  Some of the aromas emitted from behind the counter were not altogether inviting.Finally, I found the cashier to be very friendly.  When I walked in with only a Hamilton, and the bill came to $10.11, guess who covered my shortage?  That's right, Nicole the benevolent cashier.~Swoop
5	The sandwiches here are fresh, tasty and cheap. The Baguettes are made on site and you notice it. The sliced peppers in the sandwiches are a bit spicy, but that makes them better in my opinion.This is a place for a quick bit. It feels a bit industrial, noisy and busy. However, they seem to be very efficient and the restaurant is extremely clean. It is cash only, but that shouldn't be a problem since the prices are so cheap.Also try the spring rolls, mniam mniam!
5	Amazing sandwiches.  The croissants are the best, buttery & flaky, yum! Cash only, but not much, you can easily get a meal for under $10. One of their turkey & cheese croissants is enough to fill me up. A little loud at lunch time, but still fast and good. Plentiful outdoor seating too (with misters the summer heat). Two thumbs up!
4	4-stars for value.  Great place to fill up on cheap, tasty sandwiches before or after shopping at Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket.Menu offers:- European sandwiches- Asian sandwiches- Gourmet coffee- Smoothies, Asian iced drinks and Italian sodas- Housemade ice creamWe've never had the urge to order the European sandwich.  The Asian one's all come with pickled shredded daikon and carrots, sliced onions, jalapeno, cilantro, mayo mixed with soy sauce on a crusty house-baked 10inch baguette.  Tip: If you're not eating it right away, ask for veggies on the side - otherwise the whole thing gets soggy.  This way it still tastes good the next day after toasting.  Plus they always give you more this way.Our standard picks are:#1. Lee's Combination Sandwich $2.20- ham, headcheese (offcuts from the head of a pig/calf rolled in gelatin) and pate- great contrast of textures and flavors between the 3 kinds of meat: crunchy headcheese vs soft pate (I can just picture some of you wincing.)# 5. Grilled Pork Sandwich $2.20- Grilled Vietnamese-style vs Chinese BBQ (#6), which we don't like as much because it's too sweet - we prefer savory with just a hint of sweetness and the charred smokiness from the grillCafe Sua Da $2.20 - Vietnamese drip coffee with crushed ice- Lee's signature drink which they also make into ice cream- As much caffeine as a quadruple shotToo bad this is the only one in Arizona.  There are almost 30 in California.  Props to the owners - this is the most well-run Asian fastfood chain on the West Coast or maybe the US.  Evidence of their success is in the ridiculously large shiny space, huge baguette machine and expensive bathroom fixtures.  Fastfood never looked this good.Remember cash only.
3	when the place opened a few years ago, it was the coolest place to be.  really clean, excellent presentation and great value.  the asian sanwiches were a scream at around $2.50 + tax.i would eat there 2-3 times a week because the sandwiches were such a deal and seemed like a nice light meal.i do have a few complaints though1)they only accept cash, so i find myself saving all my change and dumping it on them just to make a point2)they have this take out window that's supposed to reward the customer who calls in their order in advance.  i don't know what the criteria is, but it's always hit and miss as to when it is open.  is it that difficult to open the sliding window and take my cash?   what's the point of me calling in my order and having to wait in a long line of customers just to hand them the rolls of pennies that i've saved up during the week?3) they have slowly started raising their prices (a nickel here, a dime there) and now the cheapest sandwich is starting to creep up to the $3.00 mark.  call me a cheapskate, but i'm going to cut down my 2-3 time/week to 2-3 times a quarter.4) the last time i ordered the #1, it tasted pretty awful (could it be that i was just coming off of the flu?)  or was it because i was caught off guard with the new price increase?  luckily i leave an extra roll of pennies in my truck for such emergenciesi doubt they'll miss my patronage
4	Banh mi or Vietnamese sandwiches bespoke of the French colonial occupation of Vietnam and their influence on Vietnamese cuisine.  The many, many varieties available at Lee's showcase this.  The baguettes are done reasonably well though its mainly a matter of preference ( I've had friends say that they are too hard and others say that they are too small or skinny), I find them quite acceptable.  The favorites and ones usually most ordered by the Asian customers tend to be the Banh mi's.  There are western styles based on croissant as well as baguettes.  The croissant texture is good and the taste buttery.  Though again complaint range from not being enough "fluffy" to "too buttery".  The drinks are vietnamese style iced and fruit drinks ranging from durian, mango, etc. to penny wort.  Iced coffee is fantastic though it may seem very small but the caffeine kick definitely lets you know its European origins.  Gelato is present and its a shame more people don't get it because its well made and quite a bargain.  Spring rolls are great and really addictive.  Pork buns are ok.  The pate pastries are great as well as the other sweet rolls and muffins.I've not had any of the other things like the imported butter so I leave that to any of you to comment.I've had many banh mi's in Garden Grove (Little Saigon) and in Los Angeles as well as in San Diego.  As my Vietnamese friends tell me, Lee's are OK.  There are definitley better ones but I give them 4 stars for coming out to Arizona and setting up a well run sandwich shop and giving fairly affordable and tasty food.
5	Love the Ham and Cheese Crossant. What a killer of deal. You must try their wings as well. Cant get enough of this place. I go grocery shopping at Lee Lee's just so I can stop buy Lee's Sandwiches. Everything is yummy here.
3	I was just not that impressed with the sandwiches.  I would rather buy the baguette they make there (the kids enjoy watching that) and make my own sandwiches at home.
4	I've lived where there are four of these shops in the same strip mall (Seattle, Houston)  and while Lee's isn't the best ever, the fact that it exists  and is clean and tasty makes me really appreciate it.  I can't for the life of me understand why anyone would order off the "American" menu....
4	I don't care if this place is known as the "McDonalds" of the Vietnamese sandwich world.  So long as they can serve me an awesome sandwich under $3, then they're okay in my book.  So quit crying about "ow the hard bread cuts the roof of my mouth."  If you want a wuss sandwich, then go down the street to Subway.
5	i love the asian sandwich.  it is cheap good food.
5	I live in Downtown Phoenix and make the drive just for a #6 and BOBA. Yes, they have BOBA. thank god for Lee's in AZ
4	If you take a gander at my profile you'll note that I have a penchant for ingesting food that would make a normal persons' stomach turn. That's right! Andrew Zimmern(BIzzare foods fame) is a pansy  and thus, what I usually saunter in for is their Durian shake.  So if you visit this place and suddenly smell some noxious fumes , look around for a daffy, grinning bloke holding a shake.For 3 bucks their sandwiches are awesome (only cash please... wha.??!!). Overall in the grand cosmic view of things actually "Meh". Barbeque pork is my fave but have tried most of their other varieties as well. I 've nailed down the reason for me liking the sandwich to the pickled daikon and carrots as well as their eggy mayo that they lather in, topped with their fresh cilantro.  The meat used has always been rather tough and unappetizing. However they have way more choices in terms of desserts smoothies baguettes. The ambience is very similar to a fast food joint in HK, South Korea etc.
5	I make a trip to the atm just to come to Lee's. You have to eat the bread fresh. Period. It doesn't help any that they come in a paper sleeve...Secret: Buy in bulk, cut into pieces, and store in ziploc bags. Then, just nuke em for a few second. Good as new.Enough with the bread. The iced coffee is ridiculous. It is pure espresso and cream. So sweet and strong. Dear lord I love it.The sandwiches are good. Boyfriend loves the "croissant" side of the menu for the white folks. I'll eat anything, but I do like the bbq pork and grilled chicken sandwiches best. While you're over there, head to LeeLee supermarket and buy a live crab, some rice noodles, or whatever Asian goodies your heart desires.
4	Lets just say that any place that has footlong sandwiches for less than $3 automatically gets at least 3 stars. I've had sandwiches in more authentic places and honestly, they werent that much better. For those people who are not so keen into the Vietnamese style sandwiches they do have delicious sandwiches on buttery broissants for not too much more. Lee's seems to do a little bit of everything, and they do it pretty decently. The smoothies and boba here are pretty run of the mill, nothing too special. The gelato is sub-par compared to other places nearby. However, the danishes and baked goods are pretty good and all for a good price. I would stay away from the lettuce-ridden goi-cuon(vietnamese summer rolls) and the pate chauds which are more of a hassle to clean up than anything and way too much work to get at the tiny ball of pate in the middle. Some shining stars there are the grilled pork sandwich, the special combination sandwich, and the hot ham and cheese croissant pastries(make sure to get there early so these are fresh).  Don't forget to bring cash although they do have an atm right in the middle of the restaurant.
4	AMAZING Vietnamese sandwiches!!!! the BEST in Phoenix!They bake their own baguettes, which is the reason why the place always smells so delish. I always order #11, which is the most authentic Vietnamese sandwich. It includes mayonnaise, pate, variety of cold cuts. I've taken people here and they all love #11.And above all, this place is absolutely CLEAN! This is rare in lots of asian restaurants (unfortunately).I give this place 4.5 because most of the times the baguettes get pretty hard. I've had it when the baguette was fresh, just came out and it was melt-in-your-mouth kind of crunchy.I would come here any time of the day, any day of the week!Cash only!
5	Lee's sandwiches rules. They have AMAZING bread, a HUGE selection and a fantastic price!!!I have never heard one bad word about any of the sandwiches, and have been here over a dozen times myself.I always get the egg salad. It is absolutely amazing. I also recommend the vegetarian Asian sandwich. My old boss used to get the spring rolls/egg rolls and eat ten or twelve at a time. The sandwiches are huge and are normally $3 or $4 and they have tons of different bubble tea options and sides. The place is really cool too- bright, open spaces with lots of neon and extremely clean. Great place for lunch, especially if you are on the go. BUTTTTT... the only drawback is they do not accept credit cards, so bring cash. If you forget, they have an ATM.Oh, and make sure you bring an extra buck and take a baguette home... they sell their day old break for a buck and it is SO worth it!
5	I just had Lee's for lunch today ... the Egg Salad... and as usual, it was amazing!  $3.19 for a full egg salad with tomatoe on a bagette and a pickle.. how can you go wrong with that?
4	I never thought I would be thanking French colonialism for anything, but Vietnamese sandwiches are a really fucking good idea.Buttered baguette topped with delightful roast pork, veggies, peppers and cilantro? Brilliant. Just $2.85? I'll take three. Plus, at Lee's, you can eat your tasty treat in an eerily efficient, sterile cafeteria. Trust me, it adds to the je ne sais quoi of the whole thing. Throw in a super-sweet, super-creamy iced coffee and a trip to Lee Lee afterward, and you've got yourself a pretty perfect afternoon.So yeah, L'Indochine francaise may have set the stage for the Vietnam War. But it also gave us delectable sandwiches at low, low prices. Let's just call it even.
4	Yelp rocks because it leads me to places like Lee's!I bookmarked this place awhile ago to try after reading Sara B's review.  It's not far from my office, $2.85 sandwiches, Vietnamese, I'm not seeing any downside here yet.I shared two sandwiches, BBQ pork and fried pork.  The fried was not thrilling but the BBQ was quite tasty.  The fresh onions, jalapeno and cilantro really make these babies pop!I'll be back soon to begin working my way through the other sandwiches.It was fortunate that I was also able to help out a couple "kids" behind the counter as they were trying to figure out if "Wouldn't It Be Nice" from "50 First Dates" was by the Beatles.  Sad.  Not that I'm a huge Beatles fan or Beach Boys fan but that's just sad.
3	While a good value and alright in taste, this place doesn't come close to the mom and pops in Westminster, CA. I think the bread here is just so so which is surprising since its made on site. After having so many banh mi sandwiches in other places this is definitely the "Subway" of Asian sandwiches. There are also a few other places around the valley that for me are a bit more tasty and just as cheap.. Da Vang on the west side as well as Viet My Deli.. the later make bread on site as well, plus both are local family owned.. Now gimme some of that pork skin, this bear is hungry!
4	My mom used to make me care packages with Lee sandwiches. She'd pack up 10 sandwiches, box them up, and send them up with me whenever I went home to visit her. Every time I ate a sandwich, it would remind me of my mom and home. These are some of my favorite sandwiches in the world: warm french bread with grilled meats and fresh veggies. Mmm.. I miss you mom!
4	Visited only once, but remember wanting to go back.  Blame it on my ever-growing list of places to try!  That's why I cannot agree whenever people tell me that great food is nowhere to be found here in the valley.  Are you kiddin' me??Tried a couple of sandwiches, and surprise, the veggie one stole the show.  Awesome durian shake.  (Note: you must know and love durian, or you may be in for a surprise!).Take some baguettes home.  Cash only.
5	Best cheap meal in town...or is it cheapest best meal? Whichever it was delicious for the whole $4.35 it cost me- and that was including a large pepsi. I have a fondness for pork & cilantro anyway but the pickled veggies and the bite of jalapeno made it even better. I don't mind the cash only policy as it does keep prices down. I'll be back!
4	Bahn mi. It's such a strange choice for a favorite food. It smacks of pretentious doucheyness found in the worst of all foodies: "Well, if I had MY choice for a meal, it would DEFINITELY be the scottish red-legged partridge found at The French Laundry followed by their DIVINE jivara-caramel roulade."Go get a hobby and a sense of scale, Buttmunch.And yet, I can't deny that bahn mis are one of my favorite foods. The mix of crusty starches, savory meats and piquant herbage is a combination bestowed to us from the gods above.  Just the fact that I typed that last sentence makes me want to give myself a much-deserved cockpunch.So, after an aborted attempt to eat at Pizzeria Bianco, it was with much interest and anticipation that I walked into Lee's Sandwiches.  I was only dimly aware of Lee's the Chain due to the inevitable comparisons West Coast ex-pats have made of a local (to Atlanta) bahn mi shop named "Lee's Bakery." In an interesting twist of reverse reviewing, I've turned the tables on them thar Lee's.First thought.  Bright. Shiny, even. It was 8:30 at night and I feel like I walked into a three dimensional anime. I ordered the BBQ pork combo and a side of fried spring rolls. Oh, it's cash only. Fortunately, I've got it and I noticed the ATM inhouse. But dammit, this screws up my expense reporting for work. Oh well.The order doesn't take long to arrive. I sit and assess. The fried spring rolls are awesome. In fact, to my Filipino eye, the look (and ultimately taste) like lumpia. Mmmmmm.....lumpia. But as for the sandwich? It was......okay. I've had better. (Sigh.) The baguette was crunchy and soft in all the right places. I could probably eaten a few more loaves of that stuff. But, speaking of stuff, the stuffing, the interior of the sandwich was lacking. The meat portion was almost minuscule or at least compared to my hometown Lee's it was. Still, a mediocre bahn mi is still a good sandwich in my book. Three stars as far as bahn mis go, but four stars compared to other places in general.
5	When it comes to sandwiches, it doesn't get much better than this without going much further and paying much more. The food is ridiculously cheap, but you wouldn't know that just from eating it - you'd have to go to the establishment itself, where the various cost saving measures become obvious. The ambience is non-existent (you might as well be sitting in the middle of a supermarket eating), but it's clean and quick.As others have said, the baguettes are absolutely delicious, but the drink, meats, and vegetables are wonderful as well.Unless you're adamantly opposed to sandwiches, meat, or a plain atmosphere you're going to at least like this place.
5	My husband and I read a review of Lee's when it first opened and we went rushing in to try a bbq sandwich.  We both got the #6 bbq sandwich with extra meat.  I'm not exactly sure of the sandwich's price....but it is under $3.  The extra meat is about 75 cents more.  You can't beat the price.  The baguette is chewy, the veggies are great, be careful of the jalepenos if you don't like spice but you can ask for none if you prefer.  If you are really going for some meat, don't be afraid to order triple meat since the double portion isn't exactly overlowing.  I always just drink water here but our first time in we also order the Thai iced tea.  My husband did not like it at all and brought his tea right back up to the counter.  The person in charge was very irritated because my husband brought this drink back but he eventually gave us the money back.  I just drank mine, a milky/creamy concoction that was exotice and not-too-bad.  Oh!  You must get a cream horn for dessert!  I think it is about a dollar and worth every cent of that dollar.  Mmmm, we love them!All in all, not to many weeks goes by before one of us suggests going into Lee's for a sandwich!
5	Beautiful and exotic sandwiches, delicious smoothies (make sure you ask for boba!), and a bizarre ambiance make this one of my favorite restaurants in Arizona.  Cash only, but so worth it.
4	This place rescued me from homesickness.  It was about a week after our move from L.A. when I found this place.  I honestly didn't think place like this existed in AZ.  *Bread = very good.*Sandwiches = My fav are #6 bbq pork and #11 combo special*Lee's coffee = mmm....good :)*pastries = they are good but had better.*Boba = ...not so good*Drinks = they are ok.
4	Solid four stars.  Really fresh bread, low prices, delicious grilled pork and excellent staff.The place is a little off turning to the eyes, very neon and gaudy, but the sandwiches are right on the money.  Not the best Grilled Pork Sam I've had, but up there and definitely worth the drive and the $2.50 is costs.It is one of my American dreams for Lee's Sandwiches to replace every McDonalds in America.  Now to replace Olive Garden with Oreganos...
4	Here's the deal about lee's.  The sandwiches are indeed good.  Not all of them, mind you, because I don't think I'll ever recommend a sardine sandwich to anyone, ever.  But this is a place where you know that you're gonna get a cheap and very tasty lunch.  The croissants are delish and even the baguettes are great.  Also they have a frozen coffee drink that I hear is top notch.Bring cash, that's all they take.Look, it may not be ritzy *dallas g.* but you're no aristocrat either.  So don't look down your nose at Lee's--this fat person is rarely wrong, and never about food.
4	Lee's is amazing, tons of sandwiches [veg and carnivore] with good flavors for really cheap!Plus you can buy mini baguettes to take home for only 50 cents.Just make sure you bring cash because they don't take cards.Besides that, it's a killer deal all around.
4	Great place for yummy crunchy doughy rolls with basic deli fixings or exotic combos like spicy chicken, cilantro and vegies.  The iced coffee is really really good too. Spring rolls taste wonderful too. And did I mention that the prices are the best in town for a deli sandwich? Note: do not go here thinking "gourmet italian deli" - this is more of a standard sub on a better roll at a better price.
4	Excuse me...but these sandwiches are AWESOME!! You get a delicious 10" sandwich for like $2.50!  How can you beat that? The baguettes are soo crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, which is awesome since they make it there.  The only reason that I give it one less star, is because they only take cash.
5	This place is so damn awesome. First off it's dirt cheap. Sandwiches are about $2.50 to $3.00 a piece and if you want something really good, go for the more exotic ones. My favorite is their meatball which doesn't sound exotic at all but its a fresh french roll filled with Asian style meatballs, pickled vegetables, cilantro and fresh sliced jalapenos. So, so good! It's spicy though but it's one of the yummiest, cheapest things you'll ever eat (and as for the spicy, my toddler eats it so put on your big girl panties and quit complaining). The next best thing on the menu is their Lee's iced coffee. It's espresso and sweetened condensed milk served over ice. Sounds a little different, but it's heaven in a cup. The sweetened condensed milk balances out the bitterness of the espresso and the hot concoction melts the ice to the perfect viscosity for your libationary enjoyment. Hmmmm. I could go for one now. You can get this uncommonly delicious meal for about $5. What more could you ever want?
4	Went to Lee's 4 lunch before my shopping trip at Lee Lee's across the street. I read so many good reviews about this place so I had to give it a shot and liked it.  As soon as you enter the place the aroma of freshly baked bread gets your mouth watering. I got the #5 (bbq pork) because the employee told me it was their most ordered sandwich. I really wanted to try the meatball sub but he told me it was an acquired taste and basically talked me out of it. The bread was perfect and fresh. Nice crisp on the outside and moist on the inside with nicely seasoned bbq pork and cilantro, jalapeno slices, and carrot and daikon pickles. I thought for sure that the 10' sandwich would fulfill my hunger, but when I was finished I was longing for more! lol! I really really wanted to try Lee's famous iced coffee but I'm pregnant and didn't want my baby kicking the hell out of my stomach after that espresso kick :) Anyways I recommend this place!
5	In Short: Yummy awesomeness!!! Delicious and cheap, can't go wrong with this place.I'm somewhat of a sandwich nut, I've driven to beyond bread in Tucson just to have a sandwich, more than once.  This is my favorite place in phoenix, period!  I wish they had more of these around like in Cali but I don't mind the drive to chandler.  The place itself is pretty nice, well lit and adequately decorated, creating an easy going atmosphere.  They only take cash, which is sometimes very annoying, but that's the only thing bad about this place.  the menu is pretty divers, many sandwich items are available.  Most of them are Vietnamese style, but there are some cross cuisine items as well.  Most authentic and my favorite is probably numbers 4 and 5, but you couldn't go wrong with trying a new sandwich every time you go there.  They have a bakery built in, so the bread is amazing, always fresh and crunchy.  If you just want to go pickup a baguette, you can.  All their sandwiches consist of a foot long baguette sliced down the middle, sub style.  Then filled with your meats, pickled radishes and carrots, and then topped off with a little cilantro and jalapenos.  If you like it less spicy just take the damn jalapenos out!  They also have amazing drinks, decent desserts, and pretty yummy appetizers.  I recommend you try their chicken wings, very crispy and delicious but a bit oily.  The price is what makes this place amazing, pretty much all the items are between 2.50-4$.  The sandwiches are pretty filling as well, making it an unbeatable combo.  You guys should try it out, won't be disappointed.
2	Update: So I returned to try the Asian meatball sandwich and did not like it at all. I love meatballs, but these were lacking in flavor big time. They needed more spices or a sauce on them. I wish the same guy was at the register to talk me out of it again. Also, a friend of mine go the bbq pork sandwich (based on my recommendation) and they totally skimped out on the meat portion. The sandwich had a few little sprinkles of meat here and there, so basically his sandwich consisted of mostly french bread and pickles. He didn't like it and thought I hyped it up...LOL! After my yucky meatball sub I probably won't go back unless I'm in the neighborhood and really craving some good french bread.
5	I love this place ! Dirt cheap and delicious, their menu prices could easily double and I wouldn't blink an eye. I have tried them all and like them all. Try the fresh spring rolls. The kids will like the ice cream and the view of the baking in progress. The place is very clean and service is quick and efficient. Not your average sandwich shop.
5	I love this place.Where else can you get a cheap ($3-$4) Vietnamese sandwiches in Arizona? There are a bunch of chains in California, but this is the only one in AZ. I usually get the combo or the BBQ pork sandwhich with a Jackfruit smoothie. (Delicious!) I give 5 stars for the value and taste alone!Plus they got a lot of seats and make creme filled custards and other Asian bakery items.
1	I just had the ice cream. That was when I didn't know where to go for ice cream. It tasted artificial, much like how everything else looked. There was also a weird feeling about the place - too self-consciously "cute"  suspension of reality - almost as if a crime was imminent like a bad TV show. Looking at the rest of the food was almost disturbing - like school cafeteria food, only worse. Oh well, it discouraged me from eating anything the whole rest of the day.
4	I am actually starting to crave this place on a regular basis. I should have done this review a long time ago. I have had both the European and Asian style sandwiches. I prefer the Asian because of the tangy crunchy pickled vegetables. I switch between the shredded and BBQ pork. The BBQ can get a little sweet but it is good. The peppers are nice and spicy. Sometimes they are a little heavy on the cilantro for me, but I just pick some off. I also love that these sandwiches are not covered in goopy mayo. One good sized sandwich is only $2.85. That fits almost any budget. The store is very clean, although it can be a bit noisy. I normally get my sandwiches to go. The ice cream is available in many flavors. I personally like it, but I know some people who don't. The boba is not the best I have had. The pastries look really good, but I'm trying to stay away from that stuff. I always stop here to pick up a fresh baguette to serve with my steamers that I buy form Lee Lee across the street. Overall this is a good place for a quick, cheap interesting sandwich.Remember it is cash only.
5	The first time I went to Lee's was in California while looking at wedding dresses for my sister nearly 2 years ago. It was lunchtime and we were not far from one. She suggested it, as she had been there several times. I had never had a banh mi sandwich, so she ordered what she liked best. #5, the Grilled Pork. It was a while ago, and I only remembered that it was yum. I've lived in the Phoenix area for 4 years and I didn't know there was a Lee's here until several months ago I was in the Costco parking lot at Cave Creek & Loop 101. There was a tattered, torn and dirty Lee's bahn mi paper bag on the ground. What?!? Lee's?!? Here?!? I looked it up online, and sure enough, there was a Lee's in Arizona. But in Chandler, an hour away from home. The mister and I just purchased a home in North Phoenix in June and needed a washer/dryer. Instead of purchasing new, we Craiglisted for a decent nice set. Lucky me, I found a set worth the drive to Chandler. Right down the street from Lee's. I really wanted to go, but was skeptical because Louie is more tentative with trying new foods (although he's doing a lot better at that now). He agreed and we went. It was fantastic and Louie loved it. I think this trip we both had the #10, Cured Pork and Pork Roll. The meat is thinly sliced and has the perfect saltiness to match the sweetness of their special mayo, tangy & crisp pickled veggies, with a bit of spice from jalapenos (I had mine with no onions). The French baguette was perfect. We were able to stuff ourselves for less than $10 including fountain drinks.The staff is great. The following weekend we made another trip to the area, to Ikea. Since we were already this far, Lee's was added to the itinerary, so our friend could try it out. Louie thought the #11 Special Combo sounded good, so he ordered it. The young lady that took our order was nice enough to ask if he knew what was in it. Headcheese. I'm not a big foodie, so I didn't know what it was exactly. Not cheese. She gave him a sample and it's a good thing she did. He is not a fan of headcheese. LOL. The place is clean, has a huge dining area, a bakery counter and an ice cream counter, I think....? No one was at the other counters, so I didn't take a good look. I've yet to have them, but the smoothies and boba drinks look yum, so next time I'll give them a try. The only downside is that we are debit card people and they are cash only. But well worth the trip to an ATM (or to Walgreens next door for a cash-back purchase)!
3	Once again I made the weekly trek to the Chandler/Gilbert/Mesa area to meet Mr. Z and Mr. G for lunch.  This time we chose Lee's for a) its affordability and b) the said tastiness of the sandwiches.Well, the sandwich was not a disappointment.  Very straightforward menu, if you go for the traditional as opposed to some of the more interesting choices they have.  Went with a ham and turkey on croissant.  Croissant was flaky and buttery.  Would have liked more choices in spreads, besides mayo and yellow mustard.  Not a fan of either.  I tried sweet and sour sauce on it, not bad.If you are in the area and need a meal.  Lee's is quick, cheap, and tasty.  Spectacular, no, but filling, yes.  And remember bring cash or pay the ATM fees at the joint.
4	I always make it a point to visit Lee's Sandwiches everytime I'm in AZ.  Luckily my family lives in Chandler and just a few blocks from Lee's.  Sandwiches always taste fresh here.  I normally order a few sandwiches for me and the family.  My favorite is the special combo #11.  Others we've tried are the regular Lee's combo #1, grilled pork #5, BBQ pork #6, and their ham & cheese croissant.  You can opt to have the veggies on the side.  They bake their bread onsite, so it always tastes fresh.  The last time I visited AZ, the #11 sandwich was $2+ each, but when I went by today, it was up to $3.05.  Still, that's cheap for a filling sandwich.  The #5 and #6 are $2.85 each.  They have hot food items for sale off to the right of the registers, such as steamed pork buns, which are $1.75 each.  Thai iced teas (no boba) are $2.55 each. The place is clean and their employees serve you with a smile.  Luckily, there are no Lee's Sandwiches near my house in L.A.; the closest one is about 30 miles.  Otherwise, I would be eating one everyday!  Parking can be hard to find during busy hours, but you can always park at the Walgreens lot next door.
3	I don't know what it is...but every time I've eaten here, I've left with a not-so-happy feeling. I don't understand why, though. The sandwiches are good. I mean, good and fresh.Maybe it's because it's not in San Jose. Maybe I feel that having a Lee's in Mesa is a betrayal of my 408 roots, ya know? Or, maybe I'm just a basket case. I like to think it's a combination of the two.I'll clear my head and say it IS good, but just not as good as the one in San Jose...or Milipitas. Yea, I went there.I like that the bread is baked on site and I love that I've got a tiny bit of Vietnamese sandwiches here in Mesa. :)Ok, I talked myself into it - I'm going to go have a Lee's Sandwich for dinner.
4	Good selection of sandwiches for a great price. The bread was very fresh and scrumptious. They also have the best pepperoncini!The place was huge and clean.I will be going back for more for sure.
5	Lee's is one of my favorite "Chandler Gems" and a great place to eat when nothing else sounds good. I love it so much I call it "Mr. Lee's" because a place this good deserves my respect. My usual sandwich is the Asian Vegetable which consists of carrots, daikon radish (I think?), vermicelli (like the fried rice noodles that top a Chinese Chicken Salad), tofu (fried bits?), cilantro, and fresh jalapeno on a wonderful baguette. The flavors and textures are awesome and it's actually pretty light and healthy. If you are not as adventurous as I am, the Euro Sandwiches are AMAZING. You could serve a steaming pile of dog crap on one of their croissants and it would be delicious. Their muffins are really good too. My absolute favorite thing from Lee's also happens to be one of the top 10 best things I've ever put in my mouth. It is called pate choud and I could eat it all day every day. Pate choud consists of a small meatball (chicken or pork) surrounded by layers of the most delectable, buttery, flaky, crispy layers of pastry known to humankind. There are not words that can express the wondrousness of it all....so just try it. You can get a little two biter for 75 cents or a bigger one for $1.50.
5	sometimes i crave durian and my husband will not let me even BREATHE in his atmosphere if i've had it, let alone buy one from leelee's across the street. so, i LOVE when lee's has the ice cream and, if they don't, i'll get the shake.i get all the strange fruit shakes.after all, i am what nina simone would call a strange fruit. ;)
5	Since I'm returning to Arizona for a week come January, I'm gonna review some favorites from my time in the Grand Canyon state. This could be partially out of anticipation to re-visit places I miss about the Phoenix metro area, or it could be the realization that Yelp allows me to step outside my current East Coast community to provide the straight dope on places I've a decent grasp on. One such place is Lee's, and while this review is being made two years after I left Arizona, I can only hope not much has changed.Lee's is an awesome little place to grab a sandwich and a smoothie. The sandwich options range from Bahn Li (Vietnamese) to certain basics, but all are unique enough that they taste very much "Lee's." It would be easy to say this is because of the bread, but saying that would discredit the overall quality of Lee's goods. From the fresh tasting filler to the amazingly crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside bread surrounding it, a Lee's sandwich is most definitely awesome. But my most common purchase at Lee's wasn't the delicious sandwiches, the kick ass baguettes, or the buttery croissants. There was something else that Lee's provided that was the drink equivalent of crack-cocaine. Smoothies - with Boba. I've had boba elsewhere, but something about Lee's wide and diverse smoothies selection really made the difference. The boba pearls here were of damn good size and quality too, which is more than I can say for other places that serve them. The only issue is that Lee's would occasionally run out of Boba, but the disappointment was always mitigated because the delicious sandwich was fallback enough.My girlfriend and I would frequent Lee's when we were both in Arizona, and for the week vacation I'm planning on reuniting with it in grand fashion. Keep your eyes open, guys - I gotta make up for time missed.
3	I preface my review with stating I am generally not a sandwich fan of any sort, so to give a sandwich place a 3 star is pretty good for me.  The husband and I got the BBQ pork and the shredded pork sandwiches.  The shredded pork was great and came with fish sauce on it (yum) and the girl at the counter had the presence of mind to warn us about the fish sauce - that it's an "acquired taste".  Well, luckily we both love fish sauce so this was a hit.  The BBQ pork wasn't so great - lots of chewy fat which is OK on hot meat but I have a hard time with when it's cold.  The fresh pressed lemonade was indeed fresh pressed, and lightly, perfectly sweetened.   The bread is tear-your-mouth-up crunchy, which I like - but if you're not a crunchy crust kinda person, beware.
4	I had always thought this was a Chandler restaurant, not a California chain, but the instant I walked in the door and saw how institutionalized it looked, I knew it had to be a chain.  But a damn cool one at that.  How many places have a Baguette factory pumping out fresh baguettes every 30 minutes?  Yeah, they aren't MJ Bread quality, but hoo ya momma, they are crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside and yum good!I ordered a lemondade (hand made, caused a delay, three orders behind me got their sammiches first), but it was fresh and tasty, though smallish (12oz with ice?).And the funny part was the only Vietnamese in the place (18-19 year old girl) running the cash register warned me that my shredded pork (#8) had fish sauce on it and it was 'an acquired taste!'  I loved it.  The first time I had fish sauce I was in love.  The only other sandwich shop that hit me in the yummer like this one was Birley's on Market Street in SFO.  I wish it was closer to home!
4	Oh how I love their croissants!  They are so fresh and delicious.  I've never actually tried their baguettes because I love their croissants too much to stray away from them.  The sandwiches are large and very inexpensive.  They have a great drink menu as well.   My only complaint is that they only take cash.  :(
4	Heck yes! Great food, great price, I saw the reviews on yelp so I decided to check it out. I wish I lived near this place.
2	Sorry I know this place is popular...just not a fan for several reasons.1) No hot subs...i'm just not a fan of cold sandwiches2) Learned what baguettes are...hard bread = stale bread to me3) Cash only...had to use ATM with atm & bank feesLemonaid is good, could only eat half my ham & cheese sandwich...went across the street to eat a bigmac which i would also give 2 stars for...
4	This is how fast food would be done in an ideal world. Baguettes hot out of the oven (for one buck!). Fresh, delicious banh mi starting at $2.50. Definitely have the Vietnamese-style sandwiches, not the American ones. The perfect inexpensive, light lunch.
3	I love the fresh bread smell (and taste) and their sandwiches are awesome. I'm not too crazy about a cash only place though. They have an ATM machine.
4	Lee's is one of the reasons I carry cash on hand. When my hubby and I first moved to Chandler, we would drive by Lee's all the time and always comment on how we'd love to try it because it's so damn bright and enticing. That was five years ago and we're hooked. We take everyone from out of town here to eat at least once. My Korean in laws ask to come here first thing when they visit from Guam.  It's tasty and it's easy on the pocket book. Plus the soothing Asian voice announcing your order numbers is awesome.My favorite is the #4 Grilled Chicken Vietnamese sandwich. I love the jalapenos, cilantro and daikon radish...gives it such a unique flavor. And the baguettes are awesome. They freshly make the bread right there in the store. It's perfection.The croissant sandwiches are amazing as well. Big, buttery and delicious.I also recommend their smoothies with the boba beads in them. I don't know what the heck those little squishy balls (hehehe) are, but they are freaking addictive! And finally, get the cream-filled pastries. They are heaven for your mouth.
4	These are the best Sandwiches in town! The French baguettes are absolutely perfect, they make the best sandwich around.The combination of flavors makes for a tasty sandwich. I love how they put a whole bunch of fresh jalapeno's, which I usually pick of all but a few. I enjoy the bite.You cannot beat the prices, $3-$5 for a fresh sandwich and the best French Baguettes or croissants if you prefer! Although there sodas are small and expensive, around $1.75 especially compared to $1 for a large at other places. But don't forget their huge selection of Boba's and Flavored drinks, there is truly something for everyone! Taro is my fav!Mostly I love the convenience of being able to grab my sandwich and head back to work to eat at my desk!
4	Best banh mi's in Phoenix metro! Pretty cheap too! The French bread, liver paste and fillings make this an all-around great Viet sandwich!They do Euro deli's too, but it's more worth it to come for the Viet sandwiches.  It's a clean and spacious place.  Most people order to go.  They also serve other Viet snacks and drinks too!Come try if you have not!
4	This place is awesome! I've been meaning to try it for the longest time and I know I will be back! The baguettes are perfect and I love the distinction between the tradition Vietnamese sandwiches and the European. Also, the food is on the cheap here! It would cost me more to make the sandwiches at home (at least the traditional side of the menu). I paid for myself and two other people and spent less than $11. That made me so happy! I highly recommend this place and remember...BRING CASH! BRING CASH! BRING CASH!
4	Way better than any fast food establishment.  A taste of home for me!  I was over-joyed to discover this place.  Definitely worth the 15 minute drive for the vietnamese sandwiches.  Authentic and CHEAP.  Definitely good eats.  One minor downside is that they sort of skimp on the meat and this is coming from someone who normally orders veggie sandwiches!  Still love it though!
4	This place rocks! The bread is super tasty and the prices are very reasonable. I had a grilled pork baquette with mixed veggies. The pork had tons of flavor. One note -  be sure to order double meat on the sandwiches. It only add $1 and is well worth it.Cash only...
3	Lee's is kind of like the McDonald's of Vietnamese sandwiches.  Popular, cheap, widespread (they even have a location in Oklahoma City!), but the sandwiches here are made in a more mass-produced, fast-food standard rather than with the passion and knowledge of a mom-and-pop operation.  I ate here back when Lee's first opened, and I was a neophyte to Vietnamese sandwiches.  I thought, wow!  What a great deal!  And so tasty!  Years passed, and after eating Vietnamese sandwiches in various big cities (San Francisco, Chicago, NYC) in different states, even compared to a Cleveland Vietnamese sandwich, it isn't the best out there.  Eating again here after all these years, yeah, some of the magic has gone.   The bread is still great, crusty/crisp on the outside, chewy on the inside, but they put on a skimpy amount of veggies and meat compared to what you will usually get at a real Vietnamese restaurant.  It's kind of like when you first eat at McDonald's as a kid- wow!  Hamburgers and fries in a cool box with toys!  And then years later, sure you still eat there occasionally, but you have to admit it's really not the best burger you've had.I also had some Thai iced tea, and it was really the worst Thai tea I've had.  It was really medicine-tasting, and I could only drink a few sips before throwing it away in disgust.Would I still eat here?  Well, yes if I am in the area, but I probably won't go out of my way to head to Lee's for my banh mi fix.
5	Hankering for a tasty bahn mi (baguette sandwich)?Placed in the Asian enclave at Warner & Dobson, this gem is definitely the best sandwich place in the valley.   The bakery is authentically Vietnamese and French.  Pick up tins of real French butter, crusty baguettes, small or large croissants, French horns filled with creme anglais, tasty hot puff pastries filled will pate, crunch friend shrimp and pork egg roll, Vietnamese spring rolls, or get yourself either a freshly made Vietnamese or French style baguette (or croissant) sandwich.   Don't stop there.  They have ice cream, smoothies and iced coffee (which is sadly mostly ice - the only criticism I could make about this place), muffins, cookies...Get there early, and by that I mean when they open, and you can also get Deli Manjoo, little creme filled cakes they sell by the box-full.  They quickly run out, and like the true artists they are they only make a certain amount, and when they're gone, that's it. My favorite things to order here are the sardine or vegetarian banh mi's.  They both have the picked carrot and daikon you come to expect on anything Vietnamese, but also cilantro and hot peppers.  The Sardines certainly have some tomato sauce, the vegetarian have tasty strips of deep fried tofu.  Scrumptious!Service is quick and efficient, no small talk.  Be warned, they don't take cards and the cash machine in the store charges like $2.  Don't grumble, they've passed the savings on to you.  Bon appetite!
5	great place.  Some advice1. bring cash - they don't take credit cards.   They do this to save money, the credit card company takes a big cut.   To those people who don't want to bring 4 dollar cash, I know its a lot of money maybe bring an armored car?   2. The bagette sandwich bread is crusty some call it "hard".   Some people (me) like it that way.  If you like soft bread stay away or get croissante sandwiche.3. Some of the baked goods are good. 4. The sandwiches are inexpensive but don't have a huge amount of meat.   Again I like this - just telling you.
1	cash only ($1.50 ATM fee). chain concept from Vietnam. "mass-produced" baguettes ready "every 30 minutes" are not worth the trip.$2.25 10" bologna salami and vietnamese veggies. what do you expect for $2.25?! great value...but i was hoping for better.--rancid pickle--rancid red onion--american cheese: think "cheap brand that wishes it were kraft singles" -- yeah, it was BAD--no oil in the house, no vinegar in the house. only mayo and mustard in the 0.02 oz packet.lots of choices here...ice cream, wings, sandwiches...cheap, generic, flavored coffee syrups displayed like precious alcohol... WHAAT!?? maybe it's a cultural thing.but all i wanted was a good baguette sandwich. what a shame!PASS!
4	Yummy sandwiches, the bread is very good
2	The sandwiches here are fine but incredibly plain. Why should I go to a restaurant to have a sandwich that I can make at home?
5	Fabulous French Baguettes are baked on premises and used for their Vietnamese sandwiches - Banh Mi. The bread is so good, I bring two hot loafs home and freeze with my recently discovered frozen fresh bread method (double wrapped, once in paper towels and again in aluminum foil), although at only $1 each, one could go there every day to but fresh. My choice of the many varieties of Banh Mi (three times!) is the "Bar-B-Que Pork" and it is fabulous! It is loaded with pickled carrot, daikon radish, cilantro, onion and jalapeno. "Grilled Pork" will my next choice, as it is highly recommended by several Reviewers. One hint to make it even better, opt for "extra meat" at only $1 more.
4	So a friend suggested we go to this awesome sandwich place for dinner - the only disclaimer he made was that it's cash only. This wasn't a problem for me, because places that only take cash are usually  less expensive - those credit machines aren't free to run!The sandwich was good - I had Jambon, Provolone on baguette minus that lovely thing called pate. I'm NOT a fan of pate. It was delish. Tender ham, good cheese, neat atmospher. And they have Jones Soda's - which I always love.I didn't get to try the DeLi Manjoo, so I'll have to go back! But those suckers look amazing!Nothing remarkable - but it's a solid sandwich shop with incredibly reasonable prices!
4	Whenever I'm about to hop onto an airplane (do you want your last meal to be crap plane food?), going snowboarding or hiking for the day... this is my go to place to grab a sandwich for the pack.  Grilled pork w/out the "mayo" when it's being packed away (is it really mayo??).  Sometimes the fried 5 egg roll deal comes on the trip too.  Hot summer days is nice to sip on an iced chrysanthemum tea with black grass jelly.BTW I saw a location just a few miles from Disneyland, if you're planning to pack in a little there too.
4	I would rate this 3 stars on my banh mi sandwich scale but they get the one extra star for being the only one around out in this area. I used to live in Monterey Park, CA where banh mi shops were on every other corner and Lee's would probably be somewhere on the middle of my list of preferences. But I'm grateful to have this one out here in Chandler. Hey, beggars can't be choosers right?I usually alternate between the grilled pork, cha (pork roll), and xiu mai (meatball) banh mi, with the grilled pork one being more frequent. The flavor is awesome. Meatballs are not the meatball with marinara type of sandwich. They are ground pork mixed with veggies formed into big round balls and steamed. There are about 4 large ones in each sandwich, I think. Each sandwich comes with pickled veggies (shredded carrots and daikon), sliced onions, jalapenos, and sprigs of cilantro and served on a 10 inch baguette that is baked in house. Their cafe sua da is good, too. It's strong, dripped vietnamese coffee with condensed milk over ice. Might make you feel cracked out if you are not a daily coffee drinker, like me.My favorite thing here, however,  is the AVOCADO SMOOTHIE! Avocado Smoothie??? Ewww! You might think. That's what my coworkers said and now they are serious fans. If you like avocados... you will like this smoothie, trust.Don't forget to bring cash unless you want to pay ATM fees. Or stop by Walgreens for a pack of gum and get cash back. Probably can use some gum for the hot breath you will get after eating the pickled veggies on your sandwich. Win-win.
5	Lees Sandwiches is one of my favorite places for lunch.   If you try it, be sure to get the BBQ Pork sandwich, and not one of the American sandwiches on the right hand side of the menu.   It's super cheap, fills you up, and is the strangest most wonderful flavor combination.  It's a huge baguette with pickled veges and meat, which tastes waay better than it sounds.  I think my brother said it's French-Vietnamese cuisine, which is a really interesting combo.   Also their spring rolls are light and awesome.They also have a bunch of bizarre shakes, which are fun to try.  The  Avacado Shake is particularly good.
4	I love this place! One of my fave sandwich places! They bake their own bread and the sandwiches are fantastic! The prices are awesome but beware it's because they are CASH ONLY so make sure you bring some skrilla with you and no plastic! The place is big plenty of seating in and out. They also have ice cream, shakes, and morning baked yummy goods! Mmmm
4	I decided to stop in a couple days ago to get my banh mi on. After watching the defeat of the NOMNOM truck on Great Truck Race on Food Network, my tummy was curious and I've heard from Cali friends that this was the go to spot. FYI I'm pesco-vegetarian and because my boyfriend will do whatever I tell him to, he also does not eat meat, so my selection was between the avocado, sardine and vegetarian. After standing in front of the menu for what seemed to be the greater part of my day I decided on the latter two. I honestly did not expect to get how much I did for only $6. I've never been a sandwich person but this beats Subway any day. I love Vietnamese food and flavors and here they were in a convenient little bread pocket, which they make fresh on the daily. I will definitely be coming back, maybe to try some of the other offerings.
4	Lee's is a terrific and authentic Vietnamese Banh Mi (sandwich) shop located across the street from Lee Lee Market at the corner of Warner and Dobson.They've got a bunch of stuff on the menu but I always order the same thing, the #11 Special which runs a whopping $3.15.You get a very fresh foot long baguette with a few slices of processed pork and lots of fresh vegies and cilantro.  It's quick, delicious and refreshing.It's a cleaned up version of pretty much any Hanoi Banh Mi joint, which is to say, it's just fine.
1	Sucks. You ever wonder when you go into a gas station who makes those nasty sandwiches? I found it, they have to make those things at Lees. Bread, old lettuce, some mayo, your meat and cheese, then they hand you a mustard pack? Really?
4	There is a bread machine in house! When I say bread machine, I mean industrial strumpf! It smelled of steamed pork buns when we entered, so my plan of just getting just a bahn mi was out the door!First off the steamed pork bun was ridankulous.  I ordered the combo #11 and a thai iced tea.  The sandwich was not as full as the picture would lead you to believe, but the sub was still tasty; crisp veggies, tasty meats and crunchy, fresh-baked bread. Thai tea was perfect.  Over all awesome sammiches but........CASH ONLY! so leave that plastic at home.
4	Lee's Sandwiches caught me a little bit off guard. I wanted to go there so bad and had a bit of a vision of what it might look like, and boy was I wrong. Vietnamese restaurants are always dirty, run down, and seemingly ill-maintained. Lee's couldn't be any different, it's clean, shiny, and efficient. Ordering takes place at the counter, and they have about 20+ sandwiches you can choose from, both american and vietnamese. Vietnamese are under $3 and american are over $4 and not nearly as delicious. I wasn't courageous enough to try the signature Lee's Combonation, because it has Head Cheese (it's not cheese) and I'm kind of a pussy when it comes to that stuff. I had decided before I went that I would have the Grilled Pork, they were out, so as a back up I ordered the BBQ pork, which they were out of. I settled for Shredded Pork, and it was fairly good.I'm going to go back and order something that fits my tastes, but as of now based on my experience there, it's only 3 stars. The shredded pork sandwich wasn't tremendous, and they were out of too many things. Shouldn't happen. For price and cleanliness though, this place is great.
5	Soooo good!I'm so sad that this is the only Lee's in the valley and that I live far away from it...I would go all the time otherwise.  I had the #5 Grilled Pork Sandwich, and it was so satisfying, and lets not forget that they are under $3....take that Subway.  The #5 comes with thin sliced, marinated, grilled pieces of pork, with carrots, cilantro, jalapeno, onion, and mayo...on a delicious, fresh baked baguette.  Also had a mango smoothie with boba, and it was really good.Really don't understand how anyone could give this place a low rating.  You will not find food this tasty, for this cheap at very many places.  Only downside I can think of is cash only...
4	The subs are worthy of a four (long way from a five I'm afraid) but the lychee smoothie deserves an 11.  My goodness that is one tasty drink.  I could drink them all day every day.  Go enjoy a sub and try not to cream in your pants when you taste the smoothie.  Seriously, they're that good.
4	I tried the Lee combination sandwich, the pate, and the grilled pork sandwich for lunch today. I like my sandwiches to be stuffed with a lot of veggies and some meat and I like the bread to be minimal. I can't say that about Lee's. Their sandwich had more bread than stuffing. But boy, was it delicious! The pate was just the right kind of flaky, and delicious. I needed a drink to wash down the sandwich because it felt too dry. I like that the restaurant is so big and spacious. But I wish they'd accept cards.
1	Is there a 0 stars?  We visited here after reading the reviews and having tried the LA store.  My mom and I ordered the grilled pork baguette and the salami/cheese.   I also ordered the house iced coffee.   The order came up quick.  We were excited..... Then we opened the grilled pork sandwich to take the onions off and to our surprise there was only a few pieces of fatty meat on the whole 10 inch sandwich.  My mom took the sandwich up to the front and the first gentleman told my mom they weigh the meat and that's all you get.  Then my mom spoke with the manager and she said the same thing.... We weigh the meat and it has 2.4 oz, then she proceeded to take the sandwich and weigh it!  She offered a refund but never offered to add more meat.  Then she came to our table and explained again that the sandwich is "only" 3 dollars and we weigh the meat blah blah!  Then she said she would get in trouble if she added more meat and they have to keep their costs down.  Seriously???  Maybe if you would make the sandwich with a normal amount of meat you would have more business and make more money???!  Business 101!!!  I wish I would have taken a photo....  Btw my iced coffee was good but they filled it 2-3 inches from the top:(.  One star for fast service and clean environment.... 0 stars for customer service and CHEAPSKATE mentality!!!!
4	I have only tried the Chinese Barbecue pork sandwich with fresh french bread made on location. It is so good I can't get myself to try anything else. The price is $2.60 but you better bring cash as they do not take plastic. You can buy a baguette for just $1.00 and there was a steady stream of patrons doing just that. I agree with some of the reviews that the toppings could be larger but still a great value for the price.
4	I like the place. Breads are good. Everything look clean. The only place that have bread I like. Recommend.
2	Uggg.  All Lee's are not created equal.  I guess I'm a little bit of a Lee's snob after having worked in San Jose for 3 weeks and eating it almost every day.  I got the grilled pork and I think it was just cut up cheap ham.  I was horrified at this abomination of a Lee's after having talked so much shit to my wife about how good it was.  It was painfully all right.  No green waffles, no chuoi nep nuong, no assorted treats layed out just so.  Not a young coconut in site.  They did have the fresh squeezed sugarcane juice I have come to love.  But it still has nothing on Nuoc Mia Ninh Kieu's sugarcane and kumquat explosion.  I sadly went away with a large baguette and the hopelessness of knowing Arizona is missing out big on the REAL Lee's Sandwiches experience and that is a mofo shame...
5	WOW what a value!! the Asian sandwiches are amazing AND cheap!  Order extra meat for yours if you like, not much $ extra.  My favorite is the #5.  it's the McRib of the orient!  (not a pork patty, REAL meat)This sandwich has a following of devotees just like the McRib.  Only difference is that these followers prefer FOOD to "food like substance" (see Mcribwich episode of Simpsons; it was voted the #1 meat flavored sandwich) Not at lee's...This is real fresh made bread, real meat and fast service.  For breakfast I like the croissant sandwiches.  They are HUGE and super fresh.  I've been to California's best and I will admit there are some amazing mom and pop shops there, but for a chain this is the tops.  We are in a desert, far from the orient, but it's so nice to get some authentic Asian sandwiches so far from their origin.Most lunch customers I see buy their take out baguettes to eat at home with dinner. for 99 cents you cant go wrong!
4	Not a big fan of sandwiches, but these come tasty when you crave one. Price is VERY accessible and they have a good variety of combinations. Plus, you are in one of the best asian corners in PHX metro...what else is to ask?
5	Truly as good as it gets!
4	I have seen the banh mi light, and am still just kind sorta a convert to the zealotry. It's a damn fine sandwich. I will give you that much. the atmosphere has all the personality of a hospital cafeteria, but the price was a screaming deal. I really don't care for the cash only policy, but I understand it helps keep those prices at a rock bottom level. Personal pet peeve.The baguette they use is chewy and toothsome, but there was way too much of a bread-to-filling ratio for my tastes. All the meaty bits they toss in there are also pretty fantastic. If you think you don't like head cheese or liver pate, try the number one and get back to me. It's got both in spades and manages to stay delicious. The cilantro and veggies they toss on the sammich also balance it all into a harmonious French-Vietnamese delight.Too bad it's in Chandler. The valley seriously needs more banh mi and less pho.
5	CASH ONLY!  But we easily feed a family of 4 hungry people for less than $20 and it's not Taco Bell.  So with that being said... the Grilled Pork #5 sandwich... oh hell ya... it's good ringing in at only $2.85.  The regular Turkey / Ham on a crossaint is about $4.25 and it's the size of a small football... great value... you could probalby get by with the small croissant sandwich instead for  only $1.95... yeah... it's crazy cheap.  Hot wings are generic prebreaded with a kick of spiciness.   The steamed bun is sweet dough..however, not my favorite... my husband and sister seem to love the egg and meat inside.  The ice cream is all homemade...also another great deal at $.99 cents for a cone... check out the icecream...looks crazy good.  Don't miss out on taking home some baked goods... the baguettes are crusty-soft and warm when you get them.  The croissants are delicious and some of the better ones here in the valley.  I did try and Avacodo boba...had to send it back...not sure what the heck it was...it was green... but didn't taste anything like Avacado... so I did head across the way to Boba tea house for my bobas.  The Viet coffee, also great kick for you mentally if you need a boost, very strong=very good.  Don't miss out on this place... it's a good go to place for a great lunch or snack.
5	My sandwich (#5 Grilled Pork) had almost two times the meat it normally does. Still can't beat the flavor and portion size for the price, $3.11 including tax! The best thing to do is call ahead and walk up to the outside pickup window. It will save you a bunch of time.
4	Great simple sandwiches with a great price tag. Good size too. The cash only is alarming but its inexpensive enough that you could probably pull out enough change from your ashtray!
4	Great sandwiches, great prices.  Add to that some unique offerings, and this is a definitely a worthwhile destination.
4	This place is money. Seriously ginormous amount of space, It reminds me a little of  a terminal at Sky Harbor for some reason. It is actually very close to where I live, but because my daily commute doesn't directly pass it I often forget about it. This place has the best baguettes in town and everything I have had here is amazing. I forgot that they default to American cheese on the European sandwiches, so specify that you want another kind. Side note: Why is American cheese the crappiest of all cheeses?...discuss. They also do homemade ice cream which is very good. Sandwich, chips and a drink for lunch was about $8.50, but the sandwich is 2 servings for most normal human beings. I always wrap up half for another time. If you are a bit more adventurous, try the Vietnamese sandwiches which really is what makes this place shine. Great bread, great meat, great veggies. Everything I have tried has been fantastic.
5	#5 pork sandwich, YUM! Bring cash and an appetite.
5	It was an amazing sandwich. The bread was awesome on the #5 and yes it's a pain they only except cash only but I am down for the low prices.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing! Chandler is definitely lucky to have this bay area based chain in their city.. I don't think it's possible to find a better tasting banh mi anywhere other than Lee's.. They do it right everytime and I am never left feeling disappointed.. This location is located right across the street from Lee Lee's Oriental Supermarket, some pho restaurants, and a boba tea shop.. Perfect for anyone that has an appreciation for Vietnamese food.. I ordered a bbq pork banh mi ($3.05) with extra pickled veges ($0.25) as well as a grilled pork banh mi with extra pickled veges for later.. Since I am rarely in this area I took the opportunity to savor the taste of a perfectly assembled banh mi.. Everything was how it should be and tasted just like the sandwiches you would get at a Lee's in the Bay Area.. A chain that is consistent always does well when their food is great in quality.. Where else will you find something this tasty for only $3 a piece? When I am visiting Chandler again I will definitely drop by to pick up a few sandwiches..
4	Who the heck needs fast food when you can have Lee's?  A six-inch BBQ pork sandwich on a freshly made baguette with daikon, pickled carrot, cilantro and jalapeno for $3.10!  Add a brain-jarring, caffeine and sweetened condensed packed iced Vietnamese coffee for $2.75 and you are set to go for hours!!Service always quick and friendly.  Place is spotless.  But bring cash.
4	This is the kind of place that if it weren't for yelp, I probably never would have come here. I live literally right down the street from this place, and have driven by it about 30 times over the last two years. It always looks busy but I never had any desire to try this place. You see, I am a creature of habit. I will eat at the same five restaurants for months because I know there is something on the menu I can eat, and like. I am always hesitant to try new places or to just stop in somewhere new without knowing what I am walking into first. Thanks to yelp, and reading reviews, I realized this was a place I actually wanted to go. I went for lunch today with my dad. I ordered the #12 vegetarian and my dad ordered the #38 club. He also ordered some random pork and shrimp dumplings that the guy at the counter handed to us cold and wrapped like it was bought at a gas station. He expected them to be hot and was a little put off by them. My dad would later call these "icky." So those are probably something we will steer clear of in the future.The sandwiches came out super fast. I don't know what I was expecting because when it was sort of cold I seemed surprised. When I read about this sandwich on-line it said it had crispy tofu strips, so I guess I just assumed it would be hot. It was a fresh baguette with tofu, pickled carrot and daikon, jalapeno, and cilantro. I loved it! It could have used about double the amount of tofu but it had good flavors. It was just the right size for me. Not to big, not to small. I enjoyed my sandwich very much. My dad's club sandwich was huge. I had debated on ordering the avocado sandwich but was glad I didn't because his sandwich was gigantic. He liked his choice as well. The value for the food at this place is also great. We ordered two sandwiches, two drinks, and the two spring rolls, and it was less than fifteen bucks. That's awesome!I will definitely be back here, probably quite often seeing as how its just a quick bike ride from my house. And even though they only take cash, that doesn't bother me one bit seeing as how they manage to keep their prices really low. I'm a fan!
2	Lee's Sandwiches has always been a pleasant place to go since it opened in Chandler years ago. From what I remember it was cheap and delicious. When I went back today, I found it to be cheap in a different way, as well.I ordered the #17 (Jambon and Pork) on a croissant and a large thai iced tea with no ice. 2 items, $9. Not quite the Lee's I remembered. They called my number and I walked up to get my food. Croissant sandwich, check. No ice in my drink, check. Thai iced tea...half check. My large cup was only half full (not being optimistic). Quite literally half full. I picked up my cup and asked where the rest of my drink was and was told that I ordered no ice (well duh). I told him I didn't order "no drink" and he said he wouldn't give me what I paid for.Very very disappointed. The only thing that saved Lee's from 1 star was the delicious sandwich.Food - 4 starsCustomer service - no stars
3	How can you go wrong with fresh baguettes?? However I tried their croissants and they tasted like yeast and eggy... but the baguettes are perfect!
4	long story short (from a person who likes to talk a lot) - *Huge place*Tons of sandwiches to choose from(get creative you can create your dream sandwich here)* even appetizers, lots of sids, candy etc..*tons of awesome drinks-yes get the tapioca in whatever you drink you so *desire..you already knew this though right?DISCLAIMER::**TAKE CASH!! NO DEBIT/CREDIT ACCEPTED**Your welcome.Enjoy.
4	Lee's Sandwiches offers good sandwiches at affordable prices. I've gotten tired of paying $8+ for a sandwich at Subway where I can get one at Lee's for half the price. The only reasons I wouldn't rate Lee's at 5/5 is because they are still CASH ONLY and the ice cream doesn't always look so fresh.
3	If you don't eat meat and want a veggie sub, this is not the best option.Walk in big bright and full of stuff, A fresh bread factory,  fresh cream cakes, gelato and off brand soft drinks.The menu is full of options including some Vietnamese sandwiches, too bad they all had meat.My veggie sub just had avocado, yellow I assume american cheese, and lettuce. The bread was good but for about $5 I want more in a sandwich.
4	I've only had a baguette once but never again, it almost made my gums bleed!However, ever since they opened I've been a fan of their most delectable croissant sandwiches. Great prices and awesome drinks. Suckks they don't take card but still worth it.
4	Yummm love their sandwiches especially number 11! It's cheap And sooo good and fills u up. The sandwiches may be odd to some ppl but u have to try it! It's a burst of flavor. A con about this place is that sometimes the cashier man looks like he's annoyed or depressed. Cashiers should be positive! Or they get no tip! And it's cash only which is also a pain in the butt. It's 2011 and we all use a card nowadays doh
4	Lee's Sandwiches is a great Vietnamese sandwich shop. I love the mint milk, it is so refreshing. It is perfect after a meal or anytime and they give you a big size. Of course you can get it boba or they have a wide selection of other teas and drinks:  Taro, Honeydew, Soy Bean, carrot, strawberry and passion fruit drinks! Italian sodas, mint jelly, watermelon, sugar cane, iced lattes. Any and all smoothies:  banana, apple, avocado (yes, avocado), cranberry, durian (mmm yes, you read that right), carrot, durian-green bean, green bean, jack fruit, lychee ect. too many to list. They make their own bread on site and the ingredients are always fresh and quality. I am a vegetarian and there are a few options as far as sandwiches go:  Vegetarian-Fried tofu, vermicelli, bean curd, yam, carrot, house pickle, jalapeno, cilantro, salt & pepper and soy sauce. Very good if you like fried tofu like me!California avocado-Avocado, double cheese, lettuce, tomato, mustard.Don't forget, you can always ask them to add to any sandwich to make it custom! They have pork and shrimp egg rolls, coconut waffles, croissants and pastries.
5	Let's get something out of the way, I Love Lee's.  I'm a native of CA and just a recent transplant in AZ so when I saw Lee's I just about creamed my pants.  Lee's Sandwiches is a familiar face and staple from home, the Bay Area CA.  I was impressed to see that they had expanded their market into AZ (they have over 10 locations in the Bay Area alone!) and happy to have a taste of home nearby.  As per their usual setup there's a machine rolling out fresh baguettes while you wait.  The sandwich varieties is extensive though I always go with the traditional banh mi pate.  The fresh dishes they have saran-wrapped in the front are a must as well.  You can even take 10 baguettes home for a $1!!! Ridiculous but true.  This particular Lee's also has desserts - they have a bunch of bobas and frozen yogurt.  I highly recommend, just bring cash as they don't do card.
4	I haven't been in a while and this reminds me that I must go again next time I'm in town. Whenever I go, I tend to get the Americanized croissant sandwiches whenever I come to Lee's, but their baguettes are good (if only they didn't tear up my gums when I eat them). Everything I have tried has been delicious and the prices really can't be beat. Much better than Subway and other sandwich stores any day. The variety of foods and drinks you can get here can sometimes be overwhelming. I will definitely have to try one of their drinks next time.They only take cash though, so it can be inconvenient at times.
3	Sometime the bum is not crunchy and the spicy flavor is not enough. i am not sure if it is because of different people making it or the equipments were not stable. So i got some surprises once in a while, not a big deal.
2	I'm from the Bay Area where the first Lee's Sandwiches first opened, so I must say, it's an accomplishment that they'd open one down here. When the bread is hot and fresh it's really good, but once they're cooled, they're so freaking stale and  hard. I'm sitting at the tables eating the baguette sandwiches trying to chew on the bread as if I was a hobo that hasn't ate in forever. The only items that are actually good are the smoothies because it's actually something fresh. I recommend raspberry+carrot. I used to work there, so I made a lot of concoctions. I suggest the italian sodas too. Oh, and avoid the fat old man that cashiers sometimes. He's so rude and doesn't handle customers well. He makes everyones first experiences at Lee's a complete and total disaster. If you're someone who wants to order wings/eggrolls. Call ahead of time before you come in, they say it takes "5-10 minutes" it actually takes like 20.. And, there's no wifi, even though the website says they do. They don't.
4	Sandwiches on fresh made croissants and sub rolls, and some with unique toppings.  You cannot go wrong.   The ingredients were fresh and tasty, the sandwiches very large for little cost.
4	#1 rule: bring cash.I love this place. I usually get the #12 Vegetarian sandwich and a Lee's Coffee. Grab a fresh baguette to go or a day-old one to make bread pudding or French toast later. The fresh bread is amazing -- you could just by a baguette and some butter and go to town.All of the pastries I've had there have likewise been excellent. The little cream-filled cakes (deli manjoo?) are pretty tasty, although I've OD'd on those before and have to take it easy. Don't order the box of 20 and try to eat it all at once!I love the veggies (including sliced fresh jalapenos) on the "Asian sandwiches" and I don't know if I've ever had any other type here. Beware the #8 Shredded Pork, a.k.a 'pork skin' sandwich... if you've never had one before, it probably isn't what you expect. The cashiers generally realize your level of "non-Asian-ness" and ask if you're REALLY sure when you try to order it. Don't be offended, they're just making sure you get something that you want to eat. :) It may be a cash-only establishment, but the prices are very reasonable, the menu is extensive, and service is normally fast.
5	The banh mi here is great.  My wife (from Saigon) and I go here very often.  The banh mi is very similar to what my wife remembers back in Saigon.
5	I just ate another one of Lee's terrific Sandwiches. Here's a [place that sets itself apart by baking all of it's own bread. That may not sound like much until you bite into a fresh Baguette that wraps around your sandwich. Whether it's a traditional selection, or a grilled pork or chicken sandwich you won't be disappointed.My Favorite is the Special Combination or "Dac Biet" Which is totally different unless your Vietnamese. It's worth driving out of your way just to eat at the terrific Sandwich shop. Prices are very reasonable, the foods great and the service is terrific.
4	I live in Glendale, so this is quite a drive for me. But anytime someone needs a ride to/from the airport I am coming here! It's going to be my new thing. I love this place in California but I love this place even MORE in Chandler. Maybe because it's a rare luxury for me but I don't care it's deliciousness in my mouth for $3.50! I like to get #14 and the vietnamese iced coffee, yum!
1	I purchased an iced coffee and they put so much ice in the cup, you could barely keep the lid closed. Basically, I took one sip and my drink was GONE. I complained to the staff, but they said they only put 6oz of coffee in there. Give me a break!!! $3.00 for 6oz? Ridiculous, I will never go back there again, the place is like a money grab and I feel like they stole from me!!
2	Having come from LA with a large Vietnamese community, this is not the same Bahn Mi I'm accustomed to. Heck they couldn't even make a decent vegetarian. I will commend them on their clean facilities and quick service however. Oh but if you're an attractive young lady expect some disrespect from the male staff.
5	I come here every time I'm in town, which is every two weeks. I always get the same, after trying most of the sandwiches. I get the grilled pork sandwich and 3 egg rolls.I don't recommend the white folks sandwiches though.On occasion I have bought loafs of their freshly baked baguettes.This place is cash only. They recently upped the prices on their sandwiches by $0.20, that won't stop me from coming.Lee's also offer pastries and ice cream.I'll be coming until my wife finally gets done with school. I won't miss Phoenix, but I will miss Lee's!
4	Lee's is easily one of my favorite places to get a simple sandwich in the valley. I really enjoy their croissant club, the bread absolutely fresh and wonderful. The smoothies are ridiculous smooth and refreshing, my favorite one is Strawberry (I swear you won't find one chip of ice in the cup!). For the adventurous people they have exotic flavors like Durian. They also serve ice cream, hot wings and egg rolls (not sure if any of that stuff goes together but they make it work). The store itself is always immaculately clean (even the bathrooms, which is important to the weaker bladder individuals like myself). The only downside here is they make you PAY IN CASH! Which isn't too bad considering they have an ATM conveniently located in the restaurant. Save yourself the convenience fees and frustration and have your greenbacks ready before you make the trip out here. Perfect lunch time spot.
4	The prices can't be beat. For 3 dollars you can enjoy almost any sub on the menu. The bread is baked fresh and so is the other baked goods.
4	Great sandwiches and you cannot beat their prices!  Only negative is the automated system used to call order numbers.  It is annoying and ongoing.
4	This is not your average sandwich place. Nor are they normal sandwiches. They have a Vietnamese touch so it is different.They are very fresh, all of the sandwiches that I have tried were delicious. They have various other things in this place, it's all very interesting.The prices are great. The people are friendly. Go there.
5	The best sandwiches and shakes in town!
4	Lee's Sandwiches is a great sandwich shop in Chandler that offers a great variety and very good prices.You can get everything from Asian sandwiches, egg rolls, Italian sodas, breakfast croissants and baguettes, Euro sandwiches, ice cream, iced lattes, pastries, and smoothies. As you can see, quite a variety. The bread is always fresh and you can even purchase a loaf to take home with you. The sandwiches aren't the best, but definitely above average and are a great value for the price. The ice cream is also very good as well as the egg rolls.Above average sandwiches, great prices, amazing variety, along with fast and friendly service, gives Lee's Sandwiches an above average rating of four stars.
4	Yummy and a great value. Love the pickled daikon and carrots in the grilled chicken sandwich. Smoothies are good. Ambiance is a little cold. Doesn't hold a candle to the Vietnamese sandwich shops in my native Hawaii.
5	I don't like to give 5 stars especially when it's my first time somewhere but this place gets it. It smells so amazing when you walk in, fresh baked bread and goodies, yum!!!!!! The menu is expansive and you can find something for everyone. I got a grilled pork banh mi and an order of spring rolls. The banh mi was amazing! Pork was so juicy and tender and had great flavor. The bread was just right: chewy but with that great baguette crunch. I loved the amount of veggies they put on: perfect balance of the flavors and great crunch from them. Good heat from the jalepenos, though I wound up adding hot sauce, too. Spring rolls weren't as good as I've had but did not skimp on the shrimp and were tasty enough. Prices are amazing and the food is ready super fast! They also have ice cream which they were nice enough to let me sample. The Taro flavor is awesome! I can't wait to come back and get a cone. Note: they only take cash but they do have an ATM inside. Great place and I will definitely come back.
4	Mother of All that is great and good, this is the best place for sandwiches, they can do one thing to enhance their product though, and that's to toast the sandwich.
5	Wonderful Vietnamese sandwich shoppe. Their baguettes are great hot out of the oven with butter or in one of their many sandwich choices. They have a modest selection of baked goods along with some of the best egg rolls around. Bring cash or your ATM card as no credit cards are accepted but they have an ATM on premises.
4	I haven't found a sandwich I didn't like, their ice coffee is delish!!!!! And the French horns oh soo yummy!!! Love Lee's Sandwiches!!! Remember it's a cash only place, but they do have a atm inside! If you haven't tried Lee's you should!
1	What are you all talking about?! This place is awful. Theres a reason why these sandwiches are $3. I can't believe so many people like this place, (although the place was filled with the Chinese people and they have been known to have different taste buds ) You get a 10 inch piece of bread with a bunch of stringy cheap vegetables. From what they said, there was meat on there too,  however i forgot to bring my microscope to verify if there was any on there. This place is like a middle school cafeteria smack dab in the heart of Tokyo's slums (i don't know any Vietnamese cities). Please, homeless people, save your quarters, you're too good for this place. They have good milkshakes, but if you really are homeless (as you should be if you're going to Lee's) you shouldn't be buying "rich people" milk shakes anyways, stick with the dollar menu.
3	I am not a huge fan of Vietnamese sandwiches... or really sandwiches in general.  But I love the egg rolls here.  You can get a whole box of them for like $20 and they are really tasty so its a great thing to pick up for a party.  Way better than the frozen kind and just as cheap.
5	Went for the first time today and had the asian vegetable sandwich. The bread is fresh baked on site. Very european. Crunchy freshness on the outside and fluffy white on the inside. The kimchi was homemade and combined with jalepenos and crunchy vermacelli noodles. AMAZING. I also tried a bite of the pork - delicious!!!! Will definitely be back for the anchovie sandwich. I washed it down with the sweet goodness of vietnamese coffee.
5	Im writing this as a i nibble on my banh mi dac biet that I bought a couple hours back. It is still as good even when it's left out in room temperature. try their pork wrapped around a croissant type breading and croissant sandwiches with PATE!
5	Great Vietnamese sandwiches for a good price.  Get one of their boba drinks and you  got yourself a meal for a really cheap price.  Just remember they only accept CASH!
4	I went here for lunch today with a friend and it was very good! I had the grilled chicken banh mi and he had the grilled pork (but I was totally jealous cuz the pork was better!). The sandwiches are cheap (cash only) and huge! I couldn't finish mine. The veggies on it give the whole thing a wonderful bold flavor and the bread is warm and fresh. Everything there is well priced, I would like to go back and try some different things. So I will be doing that...
2	I thought Lee's sandwiches is a really worthy chain...until I recently went to this location. I always stop by when we visit home from LA because it's supposed to be cheap and reliably good food like it is when I'm in Garden Grove near LA. But this place has tiny portions! Our sandwiches were a good 3-4 inches shorter, the large croissant was the size of a small one in Garden Grove...same prices because it's a franchise, but shouldn't that mean they have the same sizes too? So sad. Sure it tasted the same but half the appeal of Lee's is the wonderful deal you get!
4	Great sandwiches and fresh bread!
5	I love this place. #11 is the best.
3	As Sarah B notes in her review of this place, colonialism bad, impact of the chocolate and peanut butter sort of mesh of french and Vietnamese cuisine, amazing. As for Lee's  Banh mi (french baguette stuffed with various sorts of meats and vegetables), they seem to actually take a full size baguette and cut it in half for the sandwich whereas in most places I go they use a small mini-baguette, which I have to say, I prefer a bit more but for the price (my sandwich was like $3.50) I'm not going to complain too much and maybe it's more of a case of what I expect from a sandwich. If I took price into account I might go 4 starts but I wanted to focus purely on the experience of the food and that means, I would eat it again but if I could get one in the more traditional fashion, even if it cost me a bit more, I would go for that type Vietnamese sandwich.What I did like is that one can also order full size baguettes at the same time the sandwich is ordered and like the sandwiches, quite inexpensive at only $1.25 each. I bought one and started eating it on the way home (yes, I know, crumbs everywhere but that is why they have those vacuums at the car wash). I could see picking up a loaf or two of this bread every weekend as I like the crunchy crust and the wonderfully soft interior of their loafs.I also had an iced mint milk and well, that was rather blah, tasted overly sweet and artificial so not something I would order again but they have a lot of other options.Bottom line....the bread is great, the sandwiches a great deal if you are looking for value for your money and an okay deal if you are looking for the highest quality Vietnamese sandwich. I would check out the Tea Light Cafe at Scottsdale 101 if you want to try a really good Vietnamese sandwich.
5	My Sister and I ordered take out, the grilled chicken and the BBQ pork Banh Mi, I also ordered a carrot smoothie and she ordered a Thai tea.  The sandwiches were soooooooooooooooooooooo good and the carrot smoothie was awesome.  Three sandwiches and two drinks under $17!! Great deal!!! I was full and happy under 500 calories for a few bucks!! Seems almost too good to be true :) If only it wasn't so far from my own house :(
3	Once one of my favorite, most amazing places, now a trip to Lee's typically ends with a slight feeling of disappointment. Lee's does not take debit or credit cards, and Lee's does not offer free drink refills. Worse, they serve in small cups that are PACKED with ice. It's kind of insulting. The bread for the sandwiches *is* fantastic. The amount of meat used in the banh mi could be better. I always order extra meat... 3 years ago, it was noticeable. These days, it almost seems like you get less meat if you pay for extra! D: Of course the roast pork Banh Mi is tasty tasty, but give the European sandwiches (croissants) a whirl too! I especially love the  roast beef! Also, big flatscreens playing FOX NEWS is kind of difficult to look at while dining... this should be a 2 star review, because of that! :P
4	Lee's sandwiches is a great place to get Asian and American style sandwiches. My personal favorite is the # 6, an Asian style BBQ pork sandwich that comes with carrots, onions, jalapenos, and cilantro all on a fresh baguette. They also serve many different types of traditional sandwich options such as salami, roast beef, ham ect. Over all a great place to stop in for lunch just beware they only accept cash!
4	Holly Freaking Cheap Goodness... Who knew that was possible before walking in to Lee's? If your looking for Cheap Goodness come here for a Sandwich & a Boba Smoothie! It will fill you up for most of the day for well under $20! When walking in you might... scratch that... you WILL feel out of place right away. A Vietnamese Sandwich Shop that serves French Baguettes... Crazy Cool Fusion is the thing these days right! Don't be scared, pull out your Cash (ONLY CASH!), choose your Sandwich (Personal Fav is #56 w/ Extra Meat), Pick your Smoothie (Personal Fav is Honeydew w/ Boba), Drool at the other goodies & Pay. Wait for your number to be called and get ready for the Freaking Cheap Goodness! This is not a 5 Star Sandwich Shop... So don't expect it. Expect simple, made at home sandwiches with very limited stuff in fridge! #56 comes with a Pickle, a few slices of Onion, a package of mustard, a pepper & the Sandwich.... Simple. Its Fast, Its Clean, Its Food... They do a great job at it. Give them a try... and you will either Love it or Hate it... Pretty sure you will Love it.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for years and finally stopped in for the pulled pork sandwiche. It was pretty good. The bread was very tasty and I loved the slight sweetness of the meat. I really wanted and expected some Srirachi sauce though. I'll go back.
4	Really interesting place. Bread is really good and fresh. Very simple sandwiches.
5	One word....AWESOME!!!The number # 3 fantastic! The prices are fair. The service is quick. The food is delicious. Is there any other info that is needed? This is a must try place.
3	We have come here on many occasions for our work team-lunches.. it's perfect because it's walk-up, cheap, lots of options, separately cash orders, and you have plenty of room to sit and enjoy your bread-tastic sandwich with your fellow coworkers.  You obviously know they have fresh baguettes as they are practically made right in front of you (nice touch).  I do have to say that their sandwiches are OK and not really anything that amazed me or impressed me.. just OK.  In short, it works for team lunches because there are lots of menu options (they have huge croissants, also... yummy buttery goodness).  I have yet to try their Boba, but their variety of flavors did catch my eye.I did, bravely enough, try their Durian ice-cream.. for those who have never heard of it , it is a nasty smelling fruit popular in Asian countries, though it is banned from public appearance due to it's horrendous, foul odor ... and taste!  Well, you can imagine their Durian ice cream was no different.  We did it more for a dare between coworkers, but I tried it and was disgusted... effin gross, man... that's all I can say (that did not weigh on my 3 star review, in case you were curious).
4	This place is good and cheap.They get 4 stars from me because of the cleanliness, value, and taste.  There's nothing like this place anywhere near here.I'm docking them one star because I know what real Vietnamese sandwiches taste like.
4	Skimming the reviews I kept seeing "cheap", "value", etc.  Without a doubt.Let's just say I pretty much splurged and still came in under $15.I got:Special Combo - $3.25Grilled Pork - $3.055pc Egg roll - $3.255pc Wings - $2.75In the car, I started popping egg rolls.  I actually ordered spring rolls, but I'm glad they gave me these little fried wonders instead.  Honestly, I don't know the difference between lumpia and these things, but lumpia is what these were like.  Mini rolled up, perfectly fried with that paper-like exterior, filled with that yum yum shrimp stuff.  The crunch was perfect.  And the filling was flavorful.  I'd like a room in a lair somewhere filled with nothing but these things, that I could jump into and swim in like Scrooge McDuck does his gold.Waited til I got home to try the wings.  But while I was in the car, I peeked in the bag and saw they were perfectly fried.  The smell from them was that Asian fried chicken wing smell - I dunno, its just the best to me.  There was this little wall hole Chinese food place back in Michigan...they had little business and eventually went under.  But their chicken wings were the BEST asian wings I ever had.  These smelled like those, and when I bit into one, I knew I'd be back to Lee's over and over again if only for these wings.  Nothing fancy, trust me.  Most folks would say they are no big deal.  But they have the specific seasoning and texture that I love in asian wings.  Perfect.Now believe it or not, the only little let down for me were the actual sandwiches.  Both were just really lacking in the quantity of stuff they packed in the bagbread.  Like little slivers of meat.  To be fair though, you're paying under $4 for a 8 in sandwich.  Also, the flavor was still great.  I'd never had these combinations of meat and vegs in a sub-like thingy.  The head cheese on the special combo took me back to being a kid raiding the fridge for Pops' hot head cheese.  I had never had pate or jambon before...and to be honest, I still don't know what they taste like by themselves.  All the flavors just melded into one big perfect taste that I want more of.The pork sandwich was also blasty flavored.  That tender pork's flavor powered through all other flavors and dragged the rest of them along behind it straight into my taste buds' houses.  Can't say much more about how flavorful their sandwiches are.  Just wish they gave you more filling, but then the prices would go up:(Perfect fried appetizers, flavors like nobody's biz, and a price that a cheap-o can appreciate.  Oh and the facility itself is big, bright, and appeared clean.  A lot of room to eat in, and also a few different stations (closed by time i got there) made it almost seem like a cafeteria or something.  Brightly inviting.  The service was non-descript, and like I said I got fried shrimp rolls instead of spring rolls, but whatever.  And they don't take credit, but there's an ATM right in the place.They did their job by making want to try every sandwich they offer.  I also am intrigued with their drink offerings.  The mark of a good food place is when they leave you excited to get back there!
4	I don't know too many places were you can spend $3 and get a really good quality sandwich. The bbq pork is my favorite. Great Sandwich , also the baguettes are the best around, I grab a few before dinner sometimes and they are a hit everytime
4	BANH MI! yes.
5	Always good. Fresh baguettes and croissants make the sandwiches over the top. Great bakery item's, coffee drinks, smoothies.
3	Decent Bahn Mi. Fresh spring rolls were not very good. Bread is fresh but they really really skimp on the meat.Cash only. This place has a line and be prepared to wait.
5	This are not gourmet sandwiches but it doesn't matter because they are so delicious!! It's definitely the bread because I get the veggie sandwich with avocado and none of the toppings are "awesome" - although they do give you a lot of yummy avocado! Whether you get the croissant or the baguette you'll be happy. However, I didn't like the Asian Vegetarian sandwich at all so I wouldn't recommend you get that one! My husband LOVES their shrimp spring rolls too!! They have awesome prices but the catch is that they only take cash - although they do have an ATM if you forget. I should also mention that you can get the best baguette ever for a little over a dollar. I don't buy baguettes from anywhere else! If they're fresh out of the oven and warm you will be in heaven.
4	If you're interested in trying Vietnamese sandwiches. This franchise is tops. The bread is made in-house. It's unfortunate that they don't have Lee's Sandwiches all across the United States. The sandwiches are made to order, so it takes a minute. It is well worth the wait. Must try their durian smoothie! It's authentic. CASH ONLY.UPDATE: They lose one star because they close whenever they want. While that's like a boss and all, please don't post a closing time and close 15 minutes before. If you are worried about having customers after closing time, CHANGE YOUR CLOSING TIME!
5	I love there cheap vietnamese ice coffee and grilled pork sandwich's. I usually like to stop here before a hike to get my caffeine fix and lunch on the go. I like to drink a little ice coffee first and then let the ice melt and then add a little water to make it last. The sandwich's are great for hikes because they preserved nicely with the fresh french bread crispy crust to seal in the juicey meat and pickled vegatables. Awe, I wish they still had one in Sac town. I guess I will have to find a closer alternative.
4	Amazing bread and the iced coffee was to die for! Usually I have to add sugar and cream to my coffee but not theirs. I will definitely become a regular customer of this place.
5	C'mon! Fresh sandwich lunch for $3? The place makes it to order, incredible variety of baguette style sandwiches. Cash only, but the have an ATM in the lobby with a low fee. Or is it no fee? Anyway, great coffee and drinks and teas. Line moves super fast. Number pickup system is funky. My family packs these things to take home on the plane!
4	Great Turkey and Provolone Sandwich for $4.50 on a fresh French baguette. We tried the baked beignets but sorry not as good as New Orleans. Not hot and not airy at all.Free WiFi is always a plus. Loved all the fresh pastry. Took home a almond croissant. Yum!
4	Lee's is a place that everyone in the East Valley should have on their map. Yes, the food is pretty good - but you really want to go here for their bread! That is what makes this place happen.Now the sandwiches are pretty good as well. It's not a bad place to stop by if it's near by and you want a quick eat. Here is the trick though: no matter what sandwich you order you must "make it a double" for about $1.50 more. Without these magic words, and small cost increase, the food is kind of on the light side.
5	Vietnamese coffee = hooked for life. Starbucks who?Served iced, as it melts the flavors meld into sweet, smooth, heavenly goodness. Fresh bread - Soft, warm, cheap. Breakfast Sandwiches - Freshly baked croissants filled with bacon, cheese, egg, etc. Lunch Sandwiches - Tried the pastrami mustard and loved it. Very filling.
4	Awesome sandwiches, even awesomer considering the price! $3 or so for a satisfying lunch. The baguette is one of the best I've had, baked fresh with perfect crisp outer shell and soft inside. The #5 I tried had slightly sweet pork which went well with the slices of pickled veggies and jalepenos. Will have to try the coffee and sweets next time!
4	A perfect place for lunch or a quick snack! This is probably the best viet sandwich shop in the Phoenix metro area (let me know if you think there is a better place).  The prices are right, the sandwiches are freshly made and drinks are flavorful.   My favorites are the BBQ pork and grill pork sandwiches.   And I ALWYAS get double/ extra meat ^___^    My favorite drink is their banana smoothie!  It's refreshing and thirst crunching!  The location is big and is great for group/ hang out.  This is a perfect place to grab a quick bite after shopping at Lee Lee's!
5	Do I love Lee's Sandwiches?  Yes, in every way possible.  Do I love their iced mochas?  Yes, more than life itself.Do I love the number 5 sandwich?  Yes, but not as much as their iced mochas... yum!If I had to find something bad to say about this place, it would probably be the same knock as everyone else -- they only accept cash.  Luckily, sandwiches are around $4.Go to Lee's... but don't you sit in my favorite seat, ya hear me?!
4	There is not much on the sandwiches ....quantity wise but they are cheap enough so you can add meat for about a dollar and the prices are still good. They have the best baquettes I've ever had. It's run by Vietnamese make sense the French were in Viet Nam 4ever and taught them how to bake bread. They at one point sold pastrami sandwiches and I'm from NY and a pastrami junkie...the stuff was the best I've had outside of a Jewish deli in Manhattan. It's not on the regular menu not sure if they always have it. You may need to ask.
4	I loooove their grilled pork sandwich. Its a lovely mix of fatty pork and pickled vegetables on a crusty baguette. That and a honeydew smoothie is a blastfantastic dinner. But now I am sad sad sad. For the longest time I was fooled into believing these sandwiches were only 300 calories. Thats what it used to say in the nutritional info on their site. Now it says 710. Dagnabit! Makes sense...
4	Hands down, besides having awesome Bahn Mi sandwiches, they also make a mean tasting baguette. As a matter of fact,  a few days ago when I was there to pick up our favorite bbq'd pork Bahn Mi, I felt obligated to buy a baguette that was piping hot out of the oven. So, because I live 30 minutes away, I started to pick at the baguette top while driving. It was hot and the bread was just perfect on it's own. Well, 15 minutes into driving, I realized I ate half the baguette. Feeling guilty, I put it away so I couldn't reach it while driving. Lesson learned,  hot Lee's baguettes and driving do not go hand in hand.In any case, Lee's sandwiches is consistent and makes a great, cheap meal. The people watching isn't half bad either if you eat within. Their boba drinks are sometimes not thick enough and the eggrolls sometimes seem overcooked (maybe because they sit under the heat lamp)..but all in all, Lee's is one of my favorite go-to spots when I'm feeling the Bahn Mi craving..
3	Lee's sandwich in AZ has very limited selection of snacks. The ice coffee is good though.
5	I love the crap out of Lee's. The turkey club with bacon on a huge soft home made croissant cannot be beat for 5 bucks. Seriously. They also give you peppers and a pickle on the side. You can buy an assortment of chips or desserts/pastries to go with your meal.Don't forget the boba smoothies. (Passion fruit!!) or different coffee drinks. I really wanted to try the Iced Latte..because it looked so good, but I went for the smoothie instead. I love boba.They also have a selection of different soda's and drinks. Jones and others. You can even get gelato. I loooove this place!
3	Mediocre - neither here nor there.  A Vietnamese grilled chicken sandwich and a European roast beef (both on baguette).  May give this place another try if I am bored with just about every type of sandwich shop in town, but otherwise, I doubt I'd re-visit.  The grilled chicken contained very sub-standard chicken "pieces" and wasn't very flavorful and the roast beef was almost too chewy and lacked flavor.  On the plus side, the baguette was authentic, fresh and delicious but that really isn't enough to carry the sandwich.
5	Oh my gosh, heaven on earth. Their fresh bread is to die for, the meats (especially my favorites, the BBQ pork and grilled pork) are tasty, and the pickled veggies/cilantro/jalapeno make wonderful additions to these sandwiches. Although they only take cash, I am happy to do so because it is all so cheap. Also, the pork and shrimp egg rolls are great!
5	Well I have since learned that getting double meats is the way to go...and you'll still be coming in under $5.I tried the special combo with double meats...wow.  The flavors that already were awesome were even more so.  Doubly.I've also had the grass jelly drink.  Again, wow. It is friggin' delicious.  I think its called Milk Mint Jelly???  Whatever its called, its such a refreshing drink.  And the grass jelly makes it fun.With value, quality, and taste all coming together, I've given 5 stars now.
5	In love with their sandwiches, they need to make more locations in Phoenix! These subs are so cheap. You can get a 12 inch Vietnamese sub for like $4. CASH ONLY. This is how they keep their prices so low.
4	One bite of the jambon and pate sandwich and I'm taken back to the summers I spent in France as a college kid. Excellent baguettes and great French-style sandwiches. I walk out after lunch wondering where my backpack and Eurail pass are...Wish they were open late enough to grab a bite on the way home after a long day at work.
5	You've gotta come here and get one of their baguettes.  They are the freshest, softest and most flavorful baguettes from anywhere in the whole Valley.  One of their fresh warm baguettes and a couple of tablespoons of soft, sweet cream butter and you have yourself the best breakfast in the world!They also create amazing Vietnamese sandwiches using those same delicious baguettes.  It's all amazingly fresh and tasty, but we forewarned before you arrive that they are a cash only operation, so hit up your bank's ATM on the way, or pay the convenience fee to use the freestanding ATM inside of Lee's.
3	As a Southern Californian, I wouldn't go to Lee's Sandwiches because there are just so many better and even cheaper Banh mi joints. However, in AZ, the options are pretty limited. Definitely helped curb my Banh mi cravings but the sandwiches were seriously skimpy. The mint milk was not minty at all but the fresh pressed nuoc mia (sugar cane juice)  was super refreshing.
4	Nice find. Sandwiches were tasty and not the usual same old. Prices very reasonable. The place was spotless. The bread was very fresh
5	Best Vietnamese sandwiches ever! Cheap too (bring cash). I have had almost all the sandwiches, and they are all good, but roast pork is the best. Also, try the pate chaud (baked buns with meat inside) and the steamed buns! Me, my wife, and kids love them both! I also really enjoy the honey chrysanthemum tea! You can get a ton of food for cheap and its awesomely delicious!!!!!
5	Best boba smoothy I have had!  Must try, go early because for some reason they run out.  Should really knock a few stars off for that reason~
5	Simple yet amazingggg #5 grilled pork sandwich!!! Yum
4	"Fresh" Hot Baguette, Croissant!!  OMG But when their are not fresh is like regular bread in the market Recently try salami sandwich and don't remember pork one excellent
4	My family and I frequently visit this sandwich shop whenever we're near the area. The shop is clean, tidy, and has plenty of tables for those who are looking for a very casual dining experience. The baguettes and croissants have always been warm and  freshly baked on every single of the visits I have made here. I personally like the Turkey Club and Bacon Sandwich (with your choice of it being on a baguette or croissant) and costs about $6. My only complaint is that there usually isn't very much meat on the sandwich in relation to the bread - oh, well. They also serve ice cream (the vanilla fudge with M&Ms is my favorite), smoothies, and other fun little drinks. The service is usually always very decent as well. Be sure to bring cash, this place doesn't take credit cards.
5	Best Vietnamese Baguettes in town, hands down. They bake all their baguettes fresh daily'; they even have glass doors through their baking process so guests can see it. The meat to condiments ratio is just right for my taste buds. They only accept cash so "prices can stay low" (I think that is bogus, though, because they recently increased the price); but they are so yummy, it will be worth the money. Anyway, try their baguettes. My favorite is the Special Combination sandwich which I think is number 11. Pair it with a Viet Iced Coffee to wash down the food. That, my friend, is a great combo.
5	I'll tell you the bummer first. Lee's is CASH-ONLY. If you don't have cash, they do have a private ATM in the dining room that will rape you with a hefty service charge. But...it's worth it. Get back in line and wait for a tasty American style sandwich, but do it on a croissant....good, or step out of your comfort zone and try a Viet sub on a crusty French baguette loaf..BEST (#11 Special combo rocks!)  Whatever you do, if you DON"T like jalapenos, tell them! Other items of note are to be found in the hot-case. Ready-to-eat spicy chicken wings, crunchy thin egg rolls, and a little treat called 'pate chaud'. Picture of a buttery, flaky exterior, almost like filo-dough, with a hot pork or chicken meatball on the inside. They're great for breakfast! Smoothies? Oh yeah, with or w/o boba balls. Avocado (l know , I know...but you just have to try it). or mango..
3	Feels like a typical Lee's but not as many options as the ones back in CA. I don't like how they became corporate and started mass producing their products, losing some quality along the way. The original in San Jose is still the best. That said, it's nice to see some familiarity and success of the franchises around the country.  Sandwiches are still cheap (although prices seem to increase every year). I like their baguettes when hot out of the oven.  Otherwise it gets stale and hard pretty quickly. Lee's coffee is the same. Super concentrated for those who can tolerate it, but the cup is stuffed with ice. They were also a lot slower than they should've been.
5	homeade Rocky Road ice cream - best I've ever had! Don't eat it all, save some for me :)
5	Best banh mi sandwich in Arizona. Wish I lived closer, but it is worth the trip on the weekend for a delicious, fresh, authentic banh mi. French horns are to die for, get there when they open and they will still be a little warm. Cash only!
3	The bread was very good.   The sandwich (pastrami) was just average.Prices are all reasonable and a pretty large menu.  I'm guessing  (hoping)  some of the asian sandwiches  rise above average.Probably  a 3.5.
4	I go here for lunch sometimes. I usually get either the ham and cheese on a criossant or the grilled chicken Banh Mi. I dig the prices but you must remember to bring cash. They also have a decent mango smoothie and bubble tea drinks, but I usually trust the place across the street for that.
3	Service is always great and fast. Food is cheap! Coming from Hawaii and LA, I have been exposed to some pretty darn good Vietnamese sandwiches that feature fried tofu. So being that I've relocated here, this was the only place so far that has authentic Vietnamese style sandwiches. I've had the vegetarian one quite a few times, and although I am super happy with it in general, it does not have slabs of BBQ tofu as I'm used to... I wish it did!! With out a juicy tofu inside, this vege sandwich tends to be dry and lacking the kick and the fillings that I'm used to getting in Hawaii and LA. I get the feeling like Arizona is not a tofu happy place. I very rarely see it on menus as I do in Hawaii and LA. :( I think this sandwich would be killer if they used real pieces of BBQ'd tofu. I'm still happy to go there and get a sandwich since its the only Vietnamese place that offers a vege Vietnamese sandwich that I could find.
5	Lees is the place for a great, cheap and fresh sandwich... a couple of suggestions..  They make fresh Baguettes every day and are $1.50 ea. I recommend a smoothie, they are very very good. And dont forget its CASH ONLY.
2	Mediocre sandwiches.  To much bread and only a small amount of meat.  They don't even taste good at all, nothing special about them.  The Thai tea here is good and I've heard the same about the coffees, but I won't be eating here again.
3	In town for the weekend and trying to adjust my schedule from EST. Decided to get the Vietnamese Coffee to wake me up. It woke me up but very disappointed with the portion. I finished my coffee and 3/4 of the cup full with ice.
4	Grilled pork is amazing! I was hesitant in trying the grilled pork but my sister suggested it.  I'm glad I took the chance.  Love the fresh bread.  Smells so yummy!
4	I enjoy coming here when I'm in the mood for Vietnamese sandwiches. The place is big and always clean. You never have to wait long to get your food. The bread is fresh but I feel that it always cuts the roof of my mouth. So I would recommend getting the grilled pork sandwich. It's my favorite to get because the grilled pork makes the bread soft so it's not as hard to eat. I also enjoy the avocado smoothie and the egg rolls.  The only thing I don't like about this place is that it's cash only. I never carry cash on me so every time I want to eat here I have to go to the ATM
4	When you think of Vietnamese food you think of french baking, right?! Well, after a visit to Lee's I will from now on. I have been to Lee's a few times and no matter what time of day the croissants are always flakey, soft, and delicious and the baguettes are warm and crusty. They even have a ham/cheese croissant that hits the spot perfectly in the morning. I like to accompany mine with a Lee's coffee, which to be honest I dont really know what it is. Some kind of iced-sweet-latte-goodness. If you're in the mood for a larger breakfast they offer four different types of egg/meat/croissant sandwiches too. If you happen to stop in during lunch there are over 20 different sandwiches to choose from. Some are basic turkey and ham. The others have more of a...uh...Vietnamese flare to them. All are about $6 and come on your choice of a baguette or croissant (my four star rating is mostly due to the fact that the meat is a little stingy). After lunch you can crave that sweet tooth with some ice cream or a smoothy. One thing you will notice about Lee's is its cleanliness! Always immaculate. I dont know how they manage it but it has to be the easiest stop on the health inspectors route. Pop in late in the day if you want some cheap day old bread, which is still pretty great.*One more thing- Be sure to bring cash!! Double check your wallet because this is a no card establishment.
4	For Vietnamese Iced Coffee - awesome place. Also like their BBQ sandwhich #5. Only thing is that they are cash only and I hate carrying cash. There is an ATM there but normally if I'm in a pinch I just run next door to the pharmacy and get cash back. Still - inconvenience and I don't go there as often for this simple reason. That, and I think the caffeine and sugar content of their beloved iced coffees would kill me if I made it a regular stop.
5	Love the banh mi. I won't say it's the best I've ever had, but it's darn good...especially considering that Lee's Sandwich Shop is a chain. The bread is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Wish it came with a little more meat. You can request it, but it costs extra. ;) The BBQ pork sandwich is pretty good too. Their service is fast and efficient, and they are pretty friendly. I LOVE their iced coffee. Perfect amount of coffee/condensed milk ratio. Nice strong flavor, even tho there is a lot of ice. FYI, they use chipped ice, so it will definitely come up the staw. It doesnt bother me, but some of my friends hate that. ;)
3	Their sandwiches have always been really good. I especially like the ones served in croissants. Recently, my sister told me the sandwiches have gotten smaller and are not as good as they used to be. I have gotten some of their baguettes in this last month, and they do seem different. I wish they hadn't changed their portion size from before.
3	Oh man, its me. I'm going to be the jerk that gives Lee's super famous sandwich shop 3 stars. I feel like I've desecrated on a Phoenix staple... even though its a giant fast food chain place in Asia.The 5 star component at Lee's is definitely their Vietnamese coffee. Its strong, sweet and a great way to kick your OCD into high gear for just $2.50. I would like to say that it energized my morning, but really it game me an adrenaline shot so powerful that I couldn't fully do anything that required even an ounce of concentration. I may have had a minor twitch later, but the taste of that coffee made it all worth it.Now I did my homework and I did exactly what yelp suggested: I got the grilled pork sandwich with extra meat. Maybe that was my mistake, listening to Yelp (You're not the boss of me!). The sandwich definitely had tons of meat, but the quality of the pork was very iffy. I almost don't want to know what part of the pig I was eating, it felt that questionable. The jalapenos were great but I couldn't taste much of the pickled veggies- probably my fault for getting the extra pork. There was no crunch, no sourness in the picking, no real Bahn Mi flavors. it was a delicious baguette with mystery meat. The size and pricing were spectacular, I just wasn't sold on the flavor.I still have hope for a place with such low prices, and hefty Yelp support. Maybe next time I will trust my senses and get it.. MY WAY.Stay tuned.
4	Bless them, Lee's is now open until 8 pm!
4	Great basic subs and good iced coffee. I am a little afraid to try some of the sandwiches but the regular subs are always great and the bread is crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. Just the way I like it.
5	Came here straight from the airport in need of some strong coffee and a sandwich to kick off our house hunting trip. I have been wanting to visit a Lee's for a long time but could never seem to get there until now. It was worth the wait and now that I am moving to Chandler, I can go whenever I want!!I am a huge fan of banh mi and my husband likes them too but is new to the concept. So I ordered him the grilled pork vietnamese sandwich and ordered myself a pork and pate one. The combo sandwich I wanted was not available but this did not dampen my experience. The bread the sandwiches are served on is special. Its creamy, flavorful, soft on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside. The meats inside are very good but they take second stage to the bread in my opinion. My mom complains that they skimp on the fillings but I didn't find that to be the case for me. A sandwich with bread that good would be overwhelmed by too much meat. For me, I felt the sandwich was balanced perfectly with the right amount of meat, pickled veggies, cilantro, and jalapeno.Of course, we ordered the iced coffees which hit the spot and got us energized for our long afternoon. Next time I would order a large one because they really pack the cup full of crushed ice (this makes it nice and cold) so you don't get as much coffee.
2	I usually come here to pickup a few baguettes that are fresh and right out of the oven. Despite this, I will have to agree on some of the recent negative ratings. They are really stingy on the ingredients. For example, a 4-dollar Thai ice tea I ordered contained over 50% ice, and when I asked them to remove some ice and replace it with more tea, they refused and said something to the effect that refills were not allowed even though I had not yet consumed any. On a side note, there is a sign at the register that reads, "in order to keep prices low we only accept cash." In my opinion, their prices are fair, but by no means low.In the future, I certainly won't go out of my way to patronize this establishment. I'll be doing them a favor since I don't want to break their profit margin by asking for less ice in the drinks!
2	I don't see why this place gets such great reviews... maybe because it is cheap?The food is OK, not great and they don't give you much inside the bread.
5	fresh bread baked daily, CASH ONLY!  and they do breakfast.  :)
4	I passed right by Lee's Sandwich Shop while driving down Warner to do some shopping. In fact, I'd have to say I've passed by it fifty times driving down Warner. It doesn't stand out, it isn't flashy, it looks like an everyday convenience store. But when I asked my wife to find us a sandwich shop on that fateful day, Lee's Sandwich shop popped up with four stars. This place is very clean, very fast, very cheap, and very good. With a split menu featuring a European side and an Asian side, you'll certainly find something you've never tried or heard of. I recommend branching out, try something new, the barbecue pork sandwich is unbelievable. You will not regret your visit to Lee's.
5	Freshly baked French baguettes and pastries, strong Vietnamese iced coffee, and delicious sandwiches here. You can't really go wrong here, but do bring cash; they don't take credit or debit cards here (though there is an ATM inside). The prices are reasonable and the place is kept clean. It's always a pleasure to come here.
4	This was a new experience, I highly suggest getting their bomb 20pc. Chicken wings to share with the table, but be warned they go quick. The sandwichs have a little bit of a bite from the jalapenos. I do admit they give you not a lit of meat in comparison to the fresh, in-house baked bread. But it is cheap, and you like spicy, and trying new experiences, this is definitely the place to go.
5	The bread really makes the sandwich.  Plus not stingy with the meat.  Always very clean.  Fast.  & they have some AWESOME smoothies in cool flavors!
4	If you like good, fresh, sandwiches, then you have to try one here at Lee's. I think the bread is what really makes the difference, it is super fresh and would taste good all by itself! Its much cheaper than any other sandwich shop and definitely seems fresher and less assembly line. I think the only thing that can be hit or miss here is the service from time to time, but that is soon forgotten with a sniff of the fresh bread.  Yes they do only accept cash but that is as they say, to keep the prices down.  I usually order the ham and turkey club and a water and i get out of there for about 5 bucks.  I also love the fresh baked baguettes...so good!
2	The sandwiches are decent at best but the spring rolls here are not good at all compared to the ones in Cali... Wait they just aren't good. The sauce is for lack of a better word "gross" and the spring roll was almost frozen from the cooler they put it in. It doesn't have the vermicelli noodles in it either and no peppers or pickled daikon or carrots... Pretty much a fail all the way around.
4	What do you get when the French occupy an asian country for nearly a century? In this case you get a Bahn Mi, asian ingredients inside a baguette. Mr. Lee's was delicious, cheap, and fast. Unfortunately I tried to order the #1 but they were out of certain meats, and this happened with the second thing I tried to order as well. When I got my sandwich it was fresh, and delicious. Viva la Bahn Mi!
4	Gave this place a second try about 8 months ago,,, First time, the baguette was way Too Dry, like a crouton...Friend of ours catered a party with some of the croissant ham n swiss sandwiches and they were GREAT, and price was very reasonable.I have been coming back here about once a Week and even get a sandwich for my next day lunch... Still GREAT .....Glad they are doing good and hope to seem them for a LONG time coming,,,,Bring CASH or be prepared to use the in store ATM..
4	Love the BBQ pork sandwich!
5	This place never fails to impress with the sandwiches they serve. I order either the #1 or the #5 without pickled veggies (not a huge fan of pickled veggies).The bread is usually baked fresh and delicious. The grilled pork and various meats taste great. I also end up ordering the Lychee smoothie with every meal.Even though you have to pay in cash (they have a on site ATM), it's worth it.I would seriously give this place a shot if you have not already.
3	Love their baguettes! As for their sandwiches, it's alright. They are kinda stingy with the meat so you're getting mostly bread. I wish they would also accept credit cards instead of cash only. I know they have an ATM inside but come on now, seriously?
4	Lee's is an odd place. It's a sandwich shoppe + ice cream shoppe + bakery + coffee shoppe ... As a vegan I tried the veggie sandwich sans mayo and it was pretty tasty. I thought there was supposed to be tofu in it, but it was missing, so I'm not sure if I ordered wrong.The flavors were great - so unique compared to the standard American stuff. The bread had a great crust and chew.The only knock is the cash-only register. Uh, this is 2014 and you do operate in a strip mall. I could see a food truck being cash only - but a large operation like Lee's? Come on now kids ... must ... take ... plastico!!
5	Do you like coffee?Do you like actually staying alert for those extra needed hours of a cram sesh before a test or a god awful double shift in retail?Go to Lees and order the Vietnamese iced coffee. Lawd have mercy it is like the holy grail of legal stimulants. For my health conscious friends, forewarning that this bad boy has probably a half of cup of sweetened condensed milk in it but it's totally worth it! It's soo delicious and yes you will stay up allll night. If you work at a normal time in the am do not drink one of these after three because you will not be sleeping until 130am - true story... Oh and the sandwiches are really good too!
4	I love coming here when I am in town.  I think the sandwiches are delisous and fairly inexpensive.  The bread is crusty on the outside and chewy on the inside.  After all it is  a bakery.  I am now hooked on the honeydew boba.  So fun to drink.  Once the boba settles and gets cold it is hard to pull them up in the straw but thats whats fun.
2	Long line waiting and only one cashier. After 25 minutes wait for five feet, I gave up . Mr. Chieu should hide some more help here!
5	The line may be a little long at lunchtime, but it's only because their sandwiches are delicious!They offer both American (think deli meat on fresh croissants or baguettes) and Asian sandwiches (with grilled meat, veggies and pate.) Honestly I couldn't tell you which kind is better because they're both so yummy.
4	I remember a time when going to southern California was the only answer to getting my banh mi fix and Lee's Sandwiches craving fulfilled.  Those were the days.  When Lee's Sandwiches opened up in Arizona, I was pee-in-my-pants ecstatic!  There's really no bad sandwich here.  I love their pickled daikon and carrots, the pate spread, the headcheese, fresh cilantro, spicy jalapenos, and the cold cuts selection here.  No matter the arrangement, it's always delicious.  There's really no such thing as a bad banh mi at Lee's!Lee's Sandwiches also sells ice cream, Deli Manjoo Cakes at their own little kiosk, and hot pastries.  The pork pate chaud is one of my favorite things to get.  It's a tiny meatball inside layers of flaky crust.  Yum!  If you need  some pure caffeine on long torturous days, I recommend the Vietnamese iced coffee.  That stuff is strong.  For a sweeter beverage, I reach for their sugarcane juice.  Remember to bring cash or risk using their sketchy ATM machine.
5	Amazing sandwiches, fresh bread on the #5 pork sandwich is amazing (bahn mi) so light and simple but full of good Vietnamese flavor. The other speciality teas and drinks look amazing, will explore more on next visit!
5	Cheap eats done machine-gun style. If you're expecting fawning service and polite smalltalk, keep walking, because Lee's is all about getting you in and out. Especially during the lunch crush. That's fine with me, because really all I want is to pick up my bag of relatively inexpensive sandwiches and get on with things. For more adventurous eaters, there are a wide variety of Asian sandwiches-and the menu is growing all the time. For the timid, all your favorite Sysco near-meat products are available on baguette or croissant. In addition to sandwiches, they have a small variety of Asian-street-foody options, many blended and mixed (soft) drinks, ice cream, and a dozen variations on the ever-popular highly-caffeinated Vietnamese coffee. Occasionally it smells faintly like cat pee, but that seems to coincide with the appearance of a fresh batch of durian ice cream. Durian: when smelling terrible is the sign of wholesome freshness!
4	This place has a huge area for seating and is generally pretty busy and packed with Asians which is saying that it is a good cheap place to eat.The in house baked baguette bread for their sandwich are awesome. My favorite is the bbq pork sandwich with double meat. If you don't get the double meat you are eating almost just bread. Their spring rolls are pretty good and a decent size and their little egg rolls are a good buy. You can't beat the prices here for an inexpensive meal.
5	Consistent. Great bread and coffee. Low prices. Drinks are just as good as sandwiches. I haven't had anything I didn't feel was great. Never tried American sandwiches. Cash only but have on site ATM
4	The iced coffee here is excellent.  The sandwiches are great, especially if you prefer them European style.
5	One of my favorite place for sandwiches, Lee's sandwiches got amazing variety of sandwiches, snacks, baked goods and drinks (coffee, juice, tea) to chose from. They are busy but is not a long wait for your food. The only con I could think of is they only accept cash but they have a ATM by the line incase you don't have cash in hand. They're doing this so they can keep the cost low I guess.... Such a big fan of their sandwiches but too bad this is the only location in Arizona, mostly located in California and its such a long drive from phoenix but worth coming to check it out and its great deal. Whenever I come here I usually just order a bunch to take home.They need to open more locations in the valley..
2	Very good/cheap Vietnamese sandwiches..I wouldn't call it fast food...more like painfully slow...I think there is one guy preparing all the food :-/...it's cash only but I'd advise not to use their ATM..it only gave me $20 but debted me $60...when I asked the guy who I saw refilling the machine he waived me off and told me to go to the cashier..I was ready to call the cops!
4	I finally had a chance to try out Lee's sandwiches today! It was really good, we ordered the combo sandwich, grilled pork sandwich, spring rolls, and egg rolls.  The French baguette was excellent- warm and crusty.  The hubby and I agreed that it would have been better if there were more meat, but you can't beat it for under $4.  We would probably skip the spring rolls next time, but the egg rolls were good.  Remember to bring cash!!
4	Great Sandwiches, I love their baguettes and croissants. Try their fresh squeezed lemonade, it doesn't disappoint. Just remember they are cash only.
3	I dine here all the time because it's convenient to work and they have decent sandwiches. Remember they're a Cash Only restaurant. So there's a sign at the register that reads cash only to keep prices down but I'm a little disappointed to find out they have raised their prices.  Lee's has his name on everything so they can't be doing too bad. So what happened to keeping the prices down?!?!?
5	Love this place. Cheap and awesome. The bomb Vietnamese coffee and grilled pork sandwiches. I wish they were open late like the one in Las Vegas :-( but the breads are always fresh. The croissants are amazing. Love it here!
5	Turkey and roast beef on a freshly baked croissant.. possibly the best sandwich I've ever eaten.. I wish I had more hands, so I could give this sammich 4 thumbs up!
4	I hadn't gone here in years. I remembered when it first opened and I thought this place was amazing. Then the last time I went here it felt average at best. But not this time, it reminded me of when it first opened. Yummy steam buns, delicious sandwich, and some yummy meat pastries. They added shrimp/pork veggie rolls. I recommend going close to when they open, the food seems the freshest then.
4	I order the Asian Veggie sandwich and it was spicy . I really enjoyed it for the first time . My girlfriend order the Asian Grilled Chicken that was better tasting then mines and her bread was warm . Mmmmhh but the best part was the Mango Smoothies if I learned one thing about this place I will always come here for that ... Best Mango Smoothies Ever !!!
5	I went there not to long ago & I was greeted by a very nice girl, lupe! It is amazingggg! She prepared my smoothie, which was bomb! (: deffinatley go!
4	Great homemade french bread does the job.  The sandwiches are really great. Fresh bread and good meat.  Better than subway or other similar places.  They only take cash but the low prices are worth the hassle.
5	Pros: They have some of the freshest sandwiches around, and they are even cheaper (and healthier) than the nasty $5 foot long subs at Subway. Lees serves both Asian and American sandwiches as well as pastries, breads, ice scream and delicious drinks. Some of the best foods here are their pastries, so definitely try their croissants, muffins and beignets. Their sandwiches are served either on croissants or french bread (whichever you prefer).  I love their grilled chicken sandwich.Cons: This is a CASH ONLY place so make sure you have that handy or else you have to use the generic ATM (with fees). Also, try their iced coffee. It's amazing!  But make sure you ask them to go easy on the ice because they like to fill the entire cup full of ice while only giving you a little bit of coffee. Im always done in about 2 sips, so my trips have been better since I asked for them to hold the ice a bit.
4	Been getting delightful Vietnamese sandwiches here as long as I can remember. Since moving to the west side of the valley, it has probably been 2-3 years since I've been here but my bf and I were in the area and had cash so we decided to go back to our younger days lol. Every Asian in Arizona has been here and we are no different. We love their 10 inches of yummy meat and veggies in a french baguette for less than $3.50 each. They got my order wrong the first time (gave me pork instead of chicken), but replaced it right away. The place is big with lots of tables and chairs to sit in. I noticed as we were choosing a seat that some tables were sprinkled with left over bread crumbs from the last patron enjoying their sandwich there so maybe a tad lack in cleanliness. However, Lee's Sandwiches will always have a place in my heart.
1	Horrible! This place didn't even deserve a star! I order 1 sandwich and it took 20min to make and this was at 4:26pm they where not busy. When I got the sandwich (number 11) it only had TWO Slices of meat and a tons of carrots. This place has gone to the dumps the only thing health about this place is your jaw gets a workout from chewing the hard French bread! I'd rather go to subway and I hate subway. I'll never go here again.***Look at every French roll sandwich picture and you can see the amount of meat if you can see the meat at all!***
4	Usually really tastes sandwiches. The CS is lacking, but the bakery is the best. Also, they only accept cash$$$
5	No better place in the valley to get really good banh mi sandwiches. The bread is always crunchy and firm loaded with fresh veggies. And for the cost, I always stock up on numbers 1 and 11 (if you like pate), ask for extra jalapenos if you want spice. Yes it is that bad I know the menu by number. And if you aren't adventurous to try the Asian sandwiches, they have an American menu of ham and cheese, and whatever else I don't pick up that you can get at Subway. The frozen boba drinks are delish, taro being my fave flavor. Pick up a few of the steamed pork buns because they are huge with enough protein from the egg, chinese sausage and mushroom stuffing. Trust me under $20, you will walk out with enough food to feed a linebacker appetite.
4	I used to eat at Lee's in SoCal. So it was a pleasant surprise to find on in Chandler when I visited.  This one is modeled just like the other ones. It's big and spacious.  Lots of Banh Mi choices.  I had the Special and it was delicious just as I remembered from SoCal.  They also have pre-made desserts too. Love Lee's!
2	I've been going to this place for awhile because eating "banh mi" is nostalgic to my childhood.  And it's comfort food next to eating "pho."  I also keeping going back because its the only place that sells it in Chandler.  BUT... I must agree with others that they are skimping on the meat more and more each day.  AND today they skimped on the cilantro and pickled carrots/daikon.  SERIOUSLY?!  Have no clue why the wait is so long since they have so many employees standing around.  The french coffee is not traditional since they don't actually use a presser on each order, but instead its pre-mixed from their corporate office and tastes a bit chemical like.  Need to open my own banh mi shop and stop complaining :)
2	I'm impressed with the staff here. They seem to be very hard working. The food just wasn't good. It was edible, but not good.
5	Whenever I am in this part of the Valley, which isn't often, I try to stop by Lee Sandwiches because they are so different and delicious.  To me, the bread is what distinguishes Lee's sandwich - they have mastered the baguette.  It's so fresh.  The sandwiches are European (ham, turkey, pork, etc.) or Vietnamese (various preparations of pork, pate, etc.) on a baguette or croissant.  They are mostly bread but the bread is so good that it's worth it.  I wish Lee's would move the signs describing the food over to the left so that you could see it while waiting in line (which you will do here).  As it is, you can only see the possibilities when you get to the order station.  I also think that when it's busy, you can wait in line for a long time and then wait to receive your order for a long time.  So don't think you will be able to rush in and rush out.
5	I was in the mood to have a Banh Mi and it's been quite awhile since I ate here, probably 2-3 years.  It was a rainy day and it just seemed like the right type of food and to down it with a boba drink.Thought about treating my mechanic and his helper and I thought my husband would like this.  And I know my kids already like this, and they were starting to eat solid food again from being sick the past week.Ordered 3 grilled pork Banh Mi's, 2 grilled chicken and a roast beef croissant sandwich and 2 orders of 5 pork & shrimp egg rolls.  There was nobody ordering at the time we ordered and the lull of any lunch rush was over.The Banh Mi's were very reasonably priced at $3.49 and it's quite a lot for a sandwich.  The egg rolls, I thought, were a little pricey at $3.99 for 5 Vietnamese style egg rolls (deep fried), but the sandwich price made up for this.  I can't remember how much the small croissant sandwich was, but I think that was close to $5 and it wasn't very big.So the deal is to get a Banh Mi, but my son wasn't up to eating that much and needed something softer.  All that came to about $31-32, which that's food for 6 people's lunches, so not bad.It took probably 15 minutes to make the order, which the egg rolls were already prepared, so I thought it took a bit more time.  I didn't know that the Banh Mi wrappers indicated what sandwich it was.The guy that took my order is Latino, which isn't a big deal.  I think the guy making the stuff was Asian.  Oh, and make sure you bring cash.  They do not take credit or debit cards and there is a machine for you to get cash, but there is a $1.75 charge.  I wish they had this as a sign on the front door - CASH ONLY!  Next time I will know.  That was why I gave it a 4 star, but really, it only deserves a 1/2 star knock down for that, not a full star.  But, since I'm Asian, I should know that some Asian places only do cash.  Okay, heck, I'll give them 5 stars.We'd go again.  Everyone that I got the sandwiches for liked them.  The baguette was perfect - somewhat toasted on the outside and slightly soft on the inside.  The grilled pork was very tasty and just enough of the veggies, not too much.  Just the right amounts of meat and veggies.My mechanic and his helper had the grilled chicken Banh Mi and they loved it.  The egg rolls were good.
4	I mainly come here for the Asian sandwiches #11(combination) and #6(bbq pork) to be exact.  They are delicious and their service is great.  The only thing I am not a fan of is their eggrolls.  They are crispy but they don't have a flavorful impact when you bite into them.
1	I would give it zero star if I could because of food safety reason. My husband and I went here for brunch. He ordered a grilled pork banh mi stuffed with some suspiciously bright-colored meat, pickled veggies, and raw cilantro. I got a breakfast sandwich with cooked eggs, ham, and cheese on croissant. Later that day, my husband started to feel sick - lack of appetite, light headed, and slight diarrhea. The diarrhea was getting much worse that night and the symptoms lasted for 2 days after we put him on anti-diarrhea medicines. We believe it was due to food poisoning from the banh mi since we ate otherwise the same food that day. We had banh mi regularly in other places and we never had any issue. This place charged less for a reason. I feel grossly sick when I think about the who-knows-what meat like stuff and RAW veggies. Beware of the food safety issues here!
