4	It is so hard to find a time when this place is open (they are open Wed-Sun 12 - 6pm), but I finally did it!  I got a chocolate mint cake, which was delicious.  I later got a cayenne brownie, which is really spicy and yummy.  I think they do chocolate really well, so I haven't experimented with the blueberry lemon, and vanilla cakes/cupcakes, but will do soon.  I was told by the person working there that the cakes are the same as the cupcakes, but just with more frosting -- so I haven't had a cupcake yet, but if I pass by again during the time that they are open, I'll get one.  It seems like heaven in there.  Warm, cakey heaven.  Go check it out.
5	Every time I go to Montreal (which has now been 2 times), I make a point of coming to this spot.Some of the most tasty, mouth-watering, exciting cake experience of my life. I am definitely a pie person, and cake usually doesn't do it for me - except here. Every cake I have had (including the pear, pumpkin, and others) is moist, sweet, decadent, and ridiculous.I also enjoy the fact that it's such a cute, local spot to go - there is a park swing hanging from the ceiling, and the feel and service from the place makes you feel comfortable and at home.Taking a cake up Mont-Royal on a vacation brings me to utter peace.
4	It was ok...i gave the 4 star because of the owner..she seemed really friendly and gave great service. The cupcakes were okay though. However I really liked the choco chai- the frosting was amazing! it was really chocolatey and the chai flavours had a nice cardamom taste to it. Overall a good place to try and when you're in the mood for some good cupcakes :) and for a nice convo with Reema
5	Super chocolate... almost any baked goody. Sadly, if you don,t get there early in the day..... good luck! The lovely young lady owner/baker   will however; reserve a cake for you if you call in advance. I love her spiced brownies & her  orange/chocolate cake. YUM!
5	It can only bode badly for my waistline that I recently moved much close to this delicious cake shop! Everything about it is enchanting: the cute decor, the lovely owner and especially the delicious cakes. Try the Spicy Valrhona or (my favorite) the Lemon Coconut. Cakes sell out quickly, so it's better to call and have one put aside for you early in the day...if you rock by at 4pm there's often not much left. Seriously one of my Montreal addictions.
5	You're having a bad hair day, your boyfriend dumped you by leaving a sticky note on the fridge and your boss told you the bombshell who just arrived a month ago as a receptionist was going to take your job? Well..... run to Cocoa Locale. Just try one of those heavenly made cupcakes and I can assure you none of that will matter anymore.Remma is so passionate about her job and shop, you could talk to her for hours. And the decor is so divine, I keep begging her to sell me her tea cups and artworks.Really this place is one of a kind.
5	Reema's spicy brownies have stolen my heart and her cupcakes are always dense, perfectly frosted (as in not 75% frosting, 25% cake) and exactly sweet enough. Go in, take a few minutes and chat with her while she whips up your order... she's such a doll, you wanna just take her home for tea and cake (which you are now in possession of, coincidentally).
5	I really can't say enough how wonderful this cake bakery is. The cupcakes and icing were the absolute best i've ever tasted in my life ....and I've eaten ALOT of cupcakes. Go...beautiful decor...nice lady....scrumptious cupcakes. You will love it.
4	I have nothing but good things to say about this tiny cake shop. This is where I swing by when I want a homemade quality cake but don't have the time or energy by on bake one. Everything is super fresh and delicious. The only downside is that when the cakes are done for the day, that's it. But that is why they are always so fresh: nothing sits around. One taste and you'll understand why.
5	a chocolate heaven in the park avenue death zone!the chocolate is deep, rich and so cray you still have that taste an hour after stuffing your face in one of her decadent chocolate lavender cakeremember chocolat, the movie? she's our juliette binoche! i feel like the husband that ate some chocolate nuts and just go wild seeing her wife's butt on that bathroom floor ;)her spiced brownies are great but it's her cake that brings everyone to the yard.grab a cake, a bottle of red wine and head to the park and have one of the best afternoon ever. well, that's how it makes me feelnot a fan of the cupcakes though. i find them less scrumptious
5	A essayer pour un gateau de fete absolument. Nous avons pris le gateau bleuets et glacage citron: c'etait trop bon. Le gateau vanille moilleux et les gros bleuets partout dans la pate recouvert de glace au fondant citron, un sublime dans la bouche. Il y avait tellement de choix: chocolat et coco, chocolat et lavende, chocolat et piment, framboise et creme, red velvet, etc. Elle utilise seulement le chocolat Valrona. Les prix sont tres bas pour la qualite et les portions pas trop grosses. J'ai aussi goute au cupcake chocolat et piment: c'etait succulent. On sentait pas trop le piment, le dosage etait parfait. J'y retourne c'est sure!
5	As a freshman McGill student several years ago, I was so excited to find this adorable little gem. It's quite tiny but there's no need to linger, as you'll likely devour your baked goods in about 2 minutes. Good luck in making it back home without finishing them! I generally think cupcakes are overrated, but Rima makes the BEST cupcakes: moist, not too fluffy, flavorful, just the right amount of the richest frosting (no fluffy stuff here!). She also makes brownies, peanut butter cookies, and other yummy treats.
