3	I quite enjoy the food here. It's quite tasty. However it is terribly overpriced. But, yeah I understand, "OMG Fresh from scratch ingredients!" Yeah, that's great and all but a "16 pizza for $20 just doesn't really make me to happy. Although that pizza is amazing.The other problem is that the service here is a tad bit slow, and I don't just mean waiting for your fresh from scratch food. I mean getting more water or soda, seeing if you need any condiments, etc. Those two things really keep me from giving this place a 4 or 5. But other than that I recommend coming here. They have a decent lunch special that's comperable to other pizza joint's around town, and with their quality it's probably even better here.
4	We ate here last month after hearing some good reviews. It was a little out of the way from where we were staying, but it turned out to be well worth the drive. My wife and I tend to go to new restaurants during the middle of the week to avoid weekend crowds. We debated between Monday or Tuesday and luckily chose Monday. There is a sign on their door stating they are closed on Tuesdays. So, keep that in mind if you have to travel a little ways to get here! I got a pasta dish with a Parmesan cream sauce and shrimp. It was Very good!!!  A lot of sauce and shrimp.  A little heavy on garlic, but I love garlic!  My wife got a pizza with steak, mushrooms and smoked provolone cheese. It was also very good. Our bill was just over $30 with drinks (soda) - not bad for the quality and amount of food we had. Service was very good and the two owners were very friendly and helpful. We will be back to try several more items that sounded really good. Their menu is very extensive with a lot of options for pasta and pizza. They also have sandwiches and salads that looked good. --- Oh, and they also have gluten free pizza's for those who are gluten intolerant. I don't know how they taste, but that will be an important option for some people. However, I think they only come in the small sized pizza.
4	Picked up a half mushroom half black olive 16" pizza and garlic bread sticks. I was told 15min, and it was ready in 15min. Right there proved to be good service. When I got there they were getting ready to close and the workers were chopping fresh vegetables. All the ingredients were very fresh, unlike the canned veggies of other pizzerias. The women behind the counter was very friendly and we talked while she rang me up. Prices were fair and comparable with local competition. The pizza itself was tasty, crisp outside and soft doughy inside. The sauce had a sweet and semi-chunky style and the perfect amount was dispersed on the pie. Cheese seemed of quality also, yet by the time I got it home was not stretchy any more, but that's not a strike. I wish the pie was bigger, its hard to find any pizza over 16" in Vegas. I tryed to order garlic knots, instead they offer garlic bread sticks. These gave me some kickin breathe, but satisfied belly. Best bonus, I did not get heart burn, which is a sign of repeat business for me.
5	Stopped in for a late dinner after reading the reviews.  Was not at all disappointed with the quality and taste of the pizza.  I had a traditional style pizza and my wife had a white sauce pizza and each was superb.  Great leftover as well.  Generally I like real thin crust pizza but this crust, not thick or thin, is perfect and all the ingredients are top notch.  If you like pizza, you will like this place.
4	This place was a very pleasant surprise.  It's a little out of my way, being on the eastern side of the Strip, but I had to be on that side of town anyway, so I decided to check it out.  I was accompanied by my gluten-sensitive dining partner, who recently learned about The Saucy Tomato, but had never been there.  Although I have no gluten-sensitivity myself, I often consume gluten-free products that I buy from Whole Foods simply because they taste better than the mainstream alternative.  At The Saucy Tomato, we ordered the bruschetta on gluten-free bread as an appetizer and spit a Caprese salad.  Suffice it to say we were making audible sounds of pleasure as we enjoyed those fresh basil, olive oil, and garlic flavors.For our main course, we settled on a large, gluten-free Veggie pizza, and it did not disappoint.  The freshly-made, gluten-free crust (on both the pizza and the bruschetta) tasted wholesome and authentic -- the way a bread crust should taste.  The tomato, onion, olive, bell pepper, and mushroom toppings tasted fresh and flavorful.  In the interior of the restaurant are cafeteria-style booths and a bar with marble countertops.  Subdued lighting provides a nice ambiance.  Service was very friendly.  The overall experience was very positive.As with Rosati's, the price of a Saucy Tomato pizza is slightly higher than your typical pizza chain like Domino's, Pizza Hut, or Papa John's, but you get what you pay for.  And I'm always willing to pay a little more for higher quality ingredients and superior array of flavors.  There's at least a couple of other things on the menu that I'd love to try (like the Caprese sandwich and the baked ziti), so I hope to return to The Saucy Tomato sometime soon.
5	There are new owners here, as of a couple months back. I went in today for a turkey sandwich and it was really surprisingly excellent!  They don't offer whole wheat bread but they do still offer gluton free pizza.
4	My girlfriend and I tried this restaurant when it first opened. It's only about a half-mile from our house and seemed like it would have been a perfect little neighborhood Italian joint to call our own. But while the place was cute and the service was good, the pizza was terrible (I'd take a 99-cent frozen pie over theirs any day), and we wrote it off our to-eat list. A few months later, the business had closed, so I guess we weren't alone in our distaste.Recently, however, new owners took over the Saucy Tomato, so we decided to give it another try. And I'm glad we did. It's a nice, clean little place with plenty of seating in booths or at the bar. There's a definite "family" vibe going on with the staff, and they make you feel very welcome. Even though it's a very casual place, the server/hostess/mistress of ceremonies made sure we we taken care of and very comfortable.We ordered a thin crust pizza (split between cheese and pepperoni) and a large house salad. The salad, while nothing too impressive, was large enough for two of us to share without finishing it all, and the creamy garlic dressing was tasty. The pizza? SO MUCH BETTER than whatever nonsense the previous owners were baking. There was a good balance of sauce and cheese, the crust was crispy but not hard, and it came out a lot faster than promised.We probably walked out of there for less than $20, which isn't a bad deal for dinner for two on a Saturday night. It's not the best pizza in town, but the quality and service (and obviously location) impressed us enough to want to return to try some other dishes, like the potato gnocchi.
1	I have heard the saying that pizza is like sex, even the worst you can have is still not bad. Hmmm. Sounds like the person that made this up has the palette of a toddler, and well.. If I was to find a sexual encounter equal to my pizza experience at the saucy tomato, I would probably say it would be the encounter that is so bad it makes you switch sexual orientation. Pizza came in a decent amount of time I suppose, I take the box to my kitchen and open the box to expose a flat sloppy pizza folded over on one side to fit in the box. Sauce was everywhere and I was just in awe. Chicago pizza..is not thin. It looked like the cook had made it from a Chef Boyarde pizza kit. So I called and the girl that answered told me that if I wanted the Chicago style pizza I have to specify that when I order or else it comes the way we received ours. Well actually she said, "Ummm if you want it, like, the other way, you have to like, ask for it. It comes whatever way you got it then. Wait, did you want it flat and didn't get it or..like the..hold on....(long ass pause)...Hello? wait, wait..what did you order again?" After explaining to her that I had ordered the Chicago style initially and received..something else entirely, she told me that the type of pizza I wanted would take longer, cool whatever! I am always nice and patient when it comes to my food and the people that handle it, I will wait for what I want no problem. They delivered it in about 15 minutes. The delivery guy demanded to see the pizza we did not want. He then told us there was nothing wrong with the pizza and 99% of them all look like that. He was wearing an apron and so I am sure he is the one that made it and does not like criticism. ( How you like me now asshole??) He said the fact that the pizza needed to be folded to fit in the box was like a bonus for us, and the sauce splattered all over the crust and pouring out the sides was also extra lucky for us. He was very aggressive and actually made us nervous this creeper knows where we live. He continued to yell at us about the pizza, us being two women with our very young childrenalso  at the door, also getting frightened. He then left and I was both relieved he was gone and pissed I over tipped him the first tie he was here. We took the pizza to the kitchen, opened the box, and the pizza was not even halfway cooked.The dough was almost fully raw and the cheese wasn't even slightly browned. I put it in the oven, really let the whole situation settle in and decided to NOT eat the pizza, take the $30 loss and eat a bowl of Fruit Loops. The fact that order was messed up, that happens, it is not a big deal. The fact that the girl was totally unqualified to answer phones and take orders, whatever man she is probably 15 and its her first job so she is fine. But the fact that they sent a grown man twice my size to yell in threatening tone at me and my children is so way out of control I wouldn't believe it unless it happened to me. I wanted to call and complain to the store but my friend wouldn't let me as this fucking psycho knows were I live and if he couldn't take criticism for making a pizza badly imagine criticism about personal relations issues. The whole situation gave me an epiphany about delivery. You never know who the fuck is coming to your house until it is too late. After this experience I will NEVER EVER AGAIN order delivery food to my home no matter how tired, hung over, late it may be, I will either drive my tired ass to the store, or once again go for a bowl of Fruit Loops.
5	I have been a customer to this place from the very first month they re-opened with new owners.  I think this place is the best!!!  For the person that wrote the bad review and how she got creeped out...that is ridiculous.  The owners and workers there treat everybody like family and make sure their customers as well as their staff are very well taken care of.  They don't just work there, they take a strong caring for everybody they serve and strive to fully satisfy every single customer that walks in the door.  They care very much about the food they put out.  My family and I go there all the time because of the good quality food and the good service.  I have never been disappointed with this place!  We always leave very full and satisfied and the owners and staff are awesome!  And why would somebody compare pizza to sex?  And the delivery guy was weird??  Hmmmmm....I have to question the person who wrote that!
4	Nice people, good service and a cute little place. We got a Chicago style deep dish with spinach, garlic, artichokes, sun dried tomatoes and fresh mozzarella.  The pizza was great and we took home half. We had tiramisu and cannolis for dessert. I wasn't too impressed with the tiramisu but the cannolis were FABULOUS. I am NOT a cannoli fan and I ate mine up.
2	: (People there were super nice, but the atmosphere and food totally missed the mark.  Sorry.  I really wanted to like this place.
1	Boasting "Chicago Style Pizza" and "Chicago Italian Beef" I was really looking forward to this dinner! The ONLY thing Chicago about the pizza was the fact that it was cut into squares (we got the thin crust). The worst part of the meal was the beef... You know... That thing that we would walk on molten broken glass for... The worst part of the beef is that they got the bread and the giardinair right... Noone get's those right... The beef was inedible and covered in Parmesan Cheese. Which I like... BUT NOT ON MY BEEF!!! The pizza sauce was sweet like a California sauce! Not tomatoey and full of italian seasoning like any self respecting Chicago sauce is. The beef... The meat was overcooked and the flavor was just... WRONG. I didn't make it through 1/2 of my $12+ dollar sandwich before I threw it away in tears and opted to eat some peanuts for dinner in lieu of putting myself through the torture of taking one more bit of that atrocious sandwich! I've had sandwiches that were touted as "C-Style Italian Beef" that were good... just not legit... This sandwich was really just BAD! HORRIBLE! INEDIBLE! ROTTEN!!!!
2	Went for the Chicago style pizza.  It wasn't even close to Chicago style. No big deal I thought.  Pizza is hard to mess up.  Don't know what it was but it just didn't like the taste of it. Didn't even finish the leftovers which is rare. I won't be going back.
3	Great place to grab some lunch, decent food and good service.
1	If you are looking for Chicago style pizza--DO NOT go here. The sausage-- what little there was of it was spicy, the tomato sauce had no taste, the cheese was rubbery.The thin crust was thin but the squares were as large as the plate and you needed a saw to cut through them. If you want Chicago style pizza stick with Rosati's or Aurelio's. Service was good but the pizza was horrible.
4	I saw "Chicago style" in the sign and couldn't pass it up. I'm from Chicago and really wanted to try it out. I will say the slice I got was not Chicago style -- as in the traditional stuffed Chicago pizzas with the thick and deep cornbread crust, cheese on bottom and sauce on top. However, the cheese slice I got was very flavorful and delicious. So much so, that I went back the next day for a couple more slices, and plan to return. I think the only problem may be saying it's Chicago style, and then serving more of a large fold in half NY style that throws some off. I did speak with the man making the pizzas, and it's clear he's from Chicago. So, it's traditional in it's own way. Would certainly recommend the pizza to others.
1	The food was probably the worst I have had in a long time. My meatball sandwich was on a huge roll. There was 2 meatballs in it, they were cut in half it came out almost ice cold. I don't mine colder food but it was too cold. The Chicken marsalla was not good at all. they sauce was more watered down and had a funny taste. The service was good it wasn't her fault.
2	This pizza place is hilarious. We stopped in because we were starving for lunch before CES. We are approached by a saucy lady waitress who is kind enough to get us some drinks and take our orders. When we ask the waitress (who is supposedly from New York) what the difference between the Chicago-Style Pizza and the New York- Style pizza was.... she had no clue. I don't even remember what we got but it was whatever. Nothing special here and thankfully we didn't get ill.
1	This restaurant is closed. It has reopened under new owners with a new name.
