4	Since we found out we were expecting I think I have visited nearly every baby store imaginable.....it feels that way anyway.I particularly like Buy Buy Baby because of their organic selections for baby bedding, toys and clothes. They also have great prices on particular items and the staff are very friendly and always helpful.They have many goods to choose from including books, toys, strollers, cots, humidifiers, diaper bags and the list goes on : )I recommend checking them out.
4	had a nightmare situation with a baby swing. got one that made a crazy squeeking noise that never went away, then, about a month after getting it and 2 weeks after the baby started using it, the swing got even weirder. we took it back to buy buy baby and they replaced it without hesitation, even though I didnt have the right receipt.a few days later we returned the new swing again for a different model.they were terribly helpful and gave us no trouble.when that 3rd swing was also not what we wanted, they very helpfully refunded us the total amount- even though they didnt have to.very good customer service, even though i didnt end up keeping any of their swings.
4	We did our baby shower registry here and have had a great experience.  They gave us 10% off anything that was not purchased as gifts off of our registry.  I disagree with Jason B's review of the store content.  Actually, I found out about this store because they have a wide selection of organic and alternative products that are not mass-produced and are difficult to find.  The staff is very well-trained in the products and spend time showing you all the features, especially with functional and mechanical products like strollers, car seats, etc.My most recent experience there was when I went to purchase a baby scale (which no one else in phoenix carries).  It was a bit more expensive than buying it online, but they even honored the online price of Walmart and gave me a $15 discount.  The only reason I give this store 4 starts instead of 5...  They have  a low in-stock quantity of many products that have color choices, so we had to wait a week for them to order several products.  Lastly, I want to mention that their return policy is good, no hassles for me.
4	Great selection and the store is laid out well for the non - gestating shoppers.  I shopped off a registery for a friend and was able to find cute things for her shower.  They also gift wrap for free.  The only thing I did not like was that some items have to be shipped in and they pass the shipping fee to the customer.
3	My wife loves this chain.  Me?  I can go either way.  It's Bed Bath and Beyond for Babies, and it states their goal in the name of the store:  Buy tons of useless shit you don't really need for your baby, and some stuff you do need for baby.  So yeah, I'm pretty much over the whole "let's prey on parents' deepest feelings for their new baby and tell them they need this stuff even though they really don't" thing.  With that said, at the Buy Buy Babys I have been too, the customer service has been really great.  We shopped strollers there and the employee was super knowledgeable and happy to get any stroller we wanted to test drive down off of the shelf for us.  They also had a great selection.  The same can be said about the car seats.  Personally, I tend to avoid places like this, mostly because I easily fall prey to their desire to open up my wallet.  But sometimes you just have to buy stuff for baby, and this is as good a place as any to do just that.
5	We used to shop at the other big baby store, but we had so many bad experiences that we decided to drive the extra distance and try out "buybuy Baby." Since that time we have been lured back into the other store by gift cards and great coupons, but found that even with those attractive offers we still regretted going back."buybuy Baby's" service is top notch. Their staff are very knowledgeable about the safety products. Everyone is over the top helpful and nice.  We have also found that we like the products at "buybuy Baby" better.
4	Preparing for becoming a mom is overwhelming... Thank goodness for advice from friends and the customer service at Buy Buy Baby or I'd be even more clueless than I already am when it comes to shopping / registering for the baby.I've still got a lot to do, but I'm taking it one step at a time.  I've bought a few basics and started my registry at Buy Buy Baby.  I've been in to this location several times and visited their website a ton, and I've been pretty impressed overall with the service, quality, and selection they offer.I hear that BBB accepts coupons from competitors as well as from their parent company, Bed Bath and Beyond.  If you have advice on where to find these coupons, please let me know!  I have a feeling I'm going to be a regular customer here for awhile and I'm up for all of the savings that I can find!
4	Love, love, love BuyBuy Baby!  I've found the quality of products as well as the customer service to be far superior than the other "baby mega store".  The staff are very knowledgeable about the products they offer and also current baby trends.  My husband and I did independent research on different baby products but always came to the same conclusion as the helpful staff at the store.  The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 was the way they handled our initial baby registry.  I had called ahead to ask them which day/time they recommended for me to complete my registry.  I explained that I was a first time mom and would have plenty of questions.  They told me to come on a weekday evening so I would have a dedicated staff member accompany us throughout the store.  I confirmed I'd be visiting that Monday at 6pm and the representative on the phone wrote down my name and information.  When we arrived that evening the staff seemed surprised by our arrival and treated us like we had just wandered in without an appointment.  By the time we got to the first department to begin registering another couple showed up who "had an appointment" so we were left to fend for ourselves.  It was disappointing as we had also set up an appointment but proceeded by ourselves.  When we re-visited with a friend to make updates/corrections to our registry they were unable to locate our information for about 30 minutes.  Aside from those rough patches, every other visit has been wonderful.  We've visited the store so frequently (and spent enough to send all their kids to college) that they know us by name.  Even a quick visit for more scented disposable diaper bags turns into a 20 minute chat with a representative who wants to see how much our little guy has grown.  I highly recommend shopping here for anything baby related!
2	For the person who knows what they are looking for & where to find it, this place will be your living hell. As you walk down the aisle, Sales Associates will pop out at you every 3 feet to ask if you need help. I seriously feel like I need a fly swatter in this store to bat off all the bored employees who are stalking me. Two words: over staffed. I want to yell at them, "Leave me alone!" My stress level highly increases whenever I walk into Buy Buy Baby. Then, once you go to the "Self-Serve" wrapping station, there will always be a middle-aged woman hovering over you trying to hand you ribbons, no thank you, I've got it.The only good thing about this store is the selection, which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1, but I would never register here in a million years!
5	I agree with Gabi M! Becoming a mom can be EXTREMELY overwhelming. With so many amazing and innovative products on the market, it's becoming more difficult to decide which swaddle blanket to buy or which stroller to select and why...We're expecting our first child at the end of May and in preparing for that my mom and I went to the Scottsdale Buy Buy Baby to set up a registry. I can't tell you how amazing everyone in the store was as saw me waddle in with my mom. They were friendly and knowledgeable which was extremely comforting. We actually began in the furniture department where we ordered a glider. Don of the store managers greeted us and while I had already come in several times and worked with Justin. Don explained to me that their associates don't work on commission so Kristen in the special orders area helped us with our order. She helped us decide on fabric selections and was 100% objective and walked us through step by step...Once we were finished with ordering the furniture she walked us over to the front of the store where the registry department was. She actually continued working with us and eventually met up with Don one of the store managers again. Don worked with us for hours and was extremely helpful! We couldn't have come out of there feeling as relaxed and organized without his help. We're so impressed with BuyBuyBaby and wouldn't dream of shopping elsewhere.
5	Love this store. Less expensive and better organized than BRU.Staff is great and very helpful :)A HUGE plus: Shooting Stars Studio inside. We get our sons milestone photos taken here and the photographer Felicia is AMAZING. Our sons photos are like that of the pro photographers charging over $1k and we get the digital copies. We tell everyone about the photo studio. :)
4	I am here at least once a week for something. It is organized, the staff is helpful, and you can use your Bed Bath and Beyond coupons there. Their return policy is liberal and they make registering very simple. I like this place 1,000 better than Babies R Us. Also, Shooting Stars is fabulous! We purchased a package right after our child was born and we take her there monthly as part of the package we purchased at no charge!
5	This place is amazing! The hubs and I are expecting our first baby and I was told this was the store to register at! I already knew this though, Ive been to many many baby showers and have always loved shopping at Buy Buy Baby over Babies R Us. BBB is organized in a way that makes so much sense. The man how helped us set up our registry was super informative and very helpful. the staff that we encountered along the way was very friendly and helpful as well, no one was ever pushy. I see a lot of trips to BBB in our future!
4	Set up very much like Bed, Bath and Beyond. I have never been to a baby store like this before so I was extremely overwhelmed. I was shopping off a friends' baby shower registry and couldn't find anything, the staff was helpful in finding a few items. I swear I was running around the store in my 3" heels looking frustrated and aggravated. I really liked how they had a gift wrapping section. I just wish they helped you a little more with it. I will say, that when time comes for me to have a baby, I will register and shop here!! Thanks guys!!
5	This place is amazing! I am a first time expecting mom and I really had no idea what I was doing or looking for. When I called to ask about a registry they offered to send someone around with me to help me get all of the necessities, luckily I had a friend come with me. I first went to another large well-known baby store and was not impressed. Buy Buy Baby is clean, their staff is professional and they have a huge selection of items. The thing that most impressed me was the staff. I had someone spend 30 minuets with me explaining strollers. There is someone in almost every section that can answer question. They clearly take time to train their employees on all products.  The store can seem overwhelming because it is so large and there is just so much to see, but there is always someone willing to help!
5	I went in for an umbrella for our umbrella stroller but they didn't have it.  However, I had three of the nicest employees helping me out which I greatly appreciated.  I have never had a bad experience at Buy Buy Baby and I hope that trend continues!
5	A Class customer service!!! My husband and I went to buy a carseat today. The guy working the floor in the carseat stroller department was so knowledgeable and helpful. He never made us feel rushed or pressured to buy but was able to fill us in on crash test ratings, consumer reviews, comfort features, and cleaning techniques. Last night we were ready to purchase a carseat from amazon but decided to wait and look at our options in person. I'm so glad we waited! We did not end up buying the one we had in mind because of the way it would have fit in our car. Also, we received the best customer service I can imagine. I don't want to start a rant but I feel like truly good customer service is a rarity these days. Thank you Buy Buy Baby and your well informed sales staff for making our carseat purchase so enjoyable.
5	Love Love this store! Prices are very competitive. Also you can use Bed Bath and Beyond Coupons that are not expired in the store. It does take a while to get certain items like the Baby Appleseed products. Overall very impressed found thing I couldn't find at Babies R Us. Also registry is very easy to use online.
4	Very nice. I like this place. Superstore for babies. The store is the same layout as Bed Bath & Beyond. They have reasonable prices and everything you can imagine for a baby. All the sales people are very helpful and really friendly. Best part of this place is there are two wrapping stations where you can wrap your own present with their wrapping paper, ribbons,  and bags. All for free. Very nice. You can use the unexpired Bed Bath & Beyond coupons.
4	Came here to buy for a friend's baby shower, they have way to much stuff, a good thing, but wow, a nice lady help me get what I was looking for my friend's baby.
5	I have been coming to this store particularly because Picture People has put a studio inside the store. While waiting for photos to be processed, I walked the store. I was amazed at the cleanliness, variety of product, and friendly staff. I haven't been to this store during the weekend but during the week it was not crowded.
5	This store is managed so well.  Friendly helpful service always from employees.  Don the manager helped me resolve an issue that could gave turned into a big runaround, swiftly & professionally.  He called me personally.  I will always give them my business!!
5	Wow is all I can say!!! I walked into Buy Buy Baby & was greeted by a young man with the hugest smile on his face named Christopher.  He made all of my dreams come true :-).  Honestly, I was in a rush & he came to my rescue!!  He immediately pulled up my friend's registry, grabbed what I needed & even assisted me with a wrap job that would make Santa very jealous.  His customer service was far superior to anything I have received before.  He was kind, knowledgable & eager to please.  Kudos to you for finding a gem like Christopher!!! I will be back.
5	Been here a few times to buy gifts for baby showers. The staff has always been helpful and the store is very well laid out so people with no baby experience can easily find the itms they are looking for. A great plus to this store is they constantly are emailing and mailing 20% off coupons and they accept any coupons from bed bath and beyond as long as they are not expired. Just be sure to check the bottom of the coupon for exclusions, they have quite a few high end items that are excluded. Very pleasant experience!
4	Great store!  I come here to buy baby shower gifts and the store layout is synced with the baby registry printout which contains only the items that have not been purchased and available at the store and online.  Customer Service is good, the cashier was a little off.  I asked her to do a separate receipt as I was buying items for two different people and I don't think she understood me so I just told her not to worry about it.  She gave me a blank look???  All in all, a great store, it's amazing what you can find here for baby, you can find almost everything you need for baby and more!!!
4	I know it's the same company, but for those who have never set foot inside, Buy Buy Baby is literally Bed Bath & Beyond; Just all baby stuff.The prices are good.The sales people are nice.The gift wrapping station is a fantastic bonus.And in addition to its own coupons, Buy Buy Baby takes unexpired Beth Bath & Beyond coupons.If you are in need of baby stuff, or looking for a gift, this is a great place to shop.
4	I love this store. If it were any closer to my house I'm sure I would be here a lot more often. I'm a first-time mom and this is a great place because it has everything you need all in one store. I've always had a great experience with the sales people in the store. They are not pushy and they give you great information when it comes to their products so that you can make an educated decision on your own. They will even suggest other products just to give you more of an option even if you think you know what you came in the store to buy. Not to mention it's in a great location directly across the street from Scottsdale Healthcare Shea which is where I delivered my son.
5	Dale, one of the managers was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
