4	Molcajetes' combination molcajete rocks -- no filler -- loaded with chicken, beef, shrimp (big ones), nopales, green onion.  Hot with heat and chili - but not unbearably so.  Wear a bib.  Serves 2?  3 is more like it.  Charming decor.  Lovely service.  The real deal.
4	After reading a review in one of the alternative newspapers, I had to give this place a try.  I had the chicken/beef combo molcajetes.  It was superb!  The place is a small bungalow-like building with parking in the front and sides.  It's in a small commercial area, but it's a stand alone building.The tables have 5 or 6 bottles of different hot sauces you can try.  It seemed like that had one waitress for Spanish speaking people and one for gabachos like me.  Give this place a try!  You won't regret I'll be back to try more soon.
4	This small family-owned restaurant, situated in a working class neighborhood, serves authentic Mexican fare.  We were served warm tortilla chips and a watery, but spicy salsa.  Based on my extensive pre trip research we started off by sharing a very good burrito with pork in a green chili sauce.  We also shared a unique creation served in and named after the 3-legged stone tool, molcajete, used in Mexico to grind chilies and spices.  This artfully presented dish included, in our case, a combination of beef, chicken, shrimp, nopales (cactus), scallions and slices of avocado in a rich red sauce and served with flour tortillas.  You grab a forkful of anything or everything, place on a warm tortilla, fold and enjoy.  It proved be very tasty, but more than we could finish.
4	Los Molcajetes is a hole in the wall Mexican restaurant that is off the hook!!!  A Molcajete rock filled with your choice between Chicken, Beef, or Seafood w/onions and tomato broth.... Soooo good.  One Molcajete can feed at least two people.  The service is quick and the food is amazing from the tacos/burritos to the signature Molcajetes.  This place is a gem hidden in the valley and deserves your appetite.
3	The other day my husband and I went for the second time to a place that my brother recommended called Los Molcajetes. This was our second time visiting this unassuming restaurant that is located on Eastern, a couple of miles north of the 95. The signature dishes are (not surprisingly) called 'los molcajetes', which is not so much a description of the food itself but the name of the vessel used to prepare and serve it, a Mexican mortar. Their use has been traced back to the Aztecs and Mayans who used them for crushing and grinding spices, but they are still common tools employed by Mexican cooks today. They function similarly to a cast iron skillet, becoming more seasoned with each use and imparting the cumulative flavors into the food. They also keep the food bubbling so you can eat at a leisurely pace as you continue to enjoy the food in its optimum state, nice and hot.This is the only place I've had food prepared in this way, so unfortunately I can't make any comparisons, but I can say that it is very good and certainly worth the trip to a less desirable part of town. We have tried two different options, one with beef and one with chicken. The meat in both is of relatively high quality, but I agree with my brother's preference for the chicken ($12.99). The base of the dish is a flavorful and intensely colored red sauce that is laden with paprika (a little too much, perhaps), and is filled with your choice of meat or seafood as well as various other vegetable garnishes. These garnishes include nopales, or cactus (looks like a tongue coming out on the left hand side of the bowl pictured above), tomato, avocado, radishes, scallions, and a grilled jalapeno (watch out). There is also a wedge of lime, a cheese best described as Mexican feta, and a mini drink umbrella, which adds a whimsical touch. The chicken is roasted to tender perfection (see below), and tastes amazing on a warm flour tortilla. The broth has the right amount of heat, and is full of flavor, but Ian and I both agree that the meal could benefit from a few added elements. I liked the cheese, but it was fairly salty and dense for an already well-seasoned base. I think some crema, or Mexican sour cream, would have been the perfect antidote for the inherent flavors of the dish, and some rice, beans, and/or guacamole could have added to the texture. The meal was unique and tasted great, don't get me wrong, but got a tad boring to eat towards the end and need a little something to push it into the arena of "oh my god I have to come back and get this tomorrow." I noticed that you can order the molcajetes fajita style, however, so maybe I will try that next time and see what it comes with. I'll miss the little umbrella, but I've endured much more in the name of food.Definitely try "Los Molcajetes" because it is a unique place in Vegas, the food is really tasty, and the price is right. One dish easily serves two, and with the purchase of 'molcajetes' you also get a free drink. We opted for Modelo Especial, a light Mexican beer that I strongly recommend (pictured below). For both of us the meal was less than $18 with two beers (we had to get an extra, of course), so it certainly fits the bill for the Frugal Foodie blog.Tip: Los Molcajetes is open six days a week from 10 until 9, but closed on Wednesdays.
5	Bring cash.They don't take cards. Molcajetes is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas.Lindo Michoacan, Faustos, and Agave can't compare because they don't have the Molcajete. From what I understand, Molcajete means volcano in Spanish. This restaurant's signature dish, "the Molcajete," is served in a black, heavy volcanic rock that looks like the mortar, as in a mortar and pestle (that you pound herbs with). The rock keeps the meat moist and it's decorated with tasty fillings for a fajita. My favorite amongst the fillings is the roasted cactus which looks like a green pepper. They also serve this with big chunks of Mexican cheese--the white, crumbly stuff.I always order the chicken molcajete without the red sauce because I'm prone to heartburn. One order provides two meals, easy. Molcajetes is kid friendly. There's a jukebox loaded with Spanish music that bumps pretty loudly at night. Do not buy the DVDs from the kids that offer them out of their book bags.
4	Bring cash. Cash only business. They lose one star for not taking cards, and for not being able to hear their awesome juke box they had fully loaded with great music. Now the FOOD. they give you the chips and salsa at the beginning while waiting for your food and that was good. ..esp since good food comes to those who wait. I orderd menudo and it was soooo good probablyt he 2nd best in the city that i've tried yet. It went to #2 b/c of the lack of hominy. hmmm. i love the hominy. I guess its good when y ou're watching your carb content. 2nd my bf ordered the beef molcajaete and he said that it was probably the best thing hes ever eaten in his life. It was perfect he said. It had beef (steak type) with this awesome chile sauce and carrots and radishes and jalapenos and veg coupled with cotija cheese and avocado all in this huge molcajete -- hence the name. It was precious that he didnt know it came in that - fresh out of the oven burning hot.. literally. HOT!!!!!! (temperature) and spicy too. It was out of this world he said. He cannot wait till it gets to be winter again so he can go back. I think he'd eat there every week if he could. def. try this place. Its so worth it
4	Tasy Mocajetes - if you've never had, you have to give it a go! Good guac. Watch out for the street vendors who wander in and try to sell you stuff while you're eating. Service is decent. Appies ordered along entree actually come out with the entree, unless you specify otherwise. Cash only.
3	Good eats and decent prices
4	Cash is King.Was turned on to Los Mocajetes by a friend.  It's a quick drive from my work so it turns out to be my go to spot for a nice lunch.Spanish and English menu, pretty straight forward.  They don't try to flood their offerings with BS filler items, they go straight to their featured item as the first thing listed.The Molcajetes (volcanic pot) is basically a mexican mixed grill served in a warmed pot.  You get a protein along with some roasted tomato sauce, some veggies, edible cactus stripes, and some mexican cheese.  Your protein can be chicken, beef, shrimp, octopus, pork rib.  My wife loves the Shrimp and Octopus Molcajete, the Beef is what does it for me.I've also tried their tacos, enchiladas, and quesadillas.  Surprisingly the quesadillas are pretty good.
5	Just flew in from San Diego and the first text I get when we land is, "I hope you guys are hungry!" All my cousin can talk about is this amazing mexican place we have to try. He seemed to be over selling the place for about two hours. After we finally get our appetites we head over. We start with chips and salsa and it's good.  Spicy and delicious. Then the molcajetes come out and damn. There's beef chicken and shrimp in this amazing sauce in this boiling stone bowl. With sides of beans rice and guacamole and fresh tortillas. Two big bowls was enough for all four of us. If you have not been here you need to go. The service was good and the food was super tasty. I could not keep from pigging out. They really need to expand to san diego.
5	In my humble opinion( Not really, after trying tons of Mexican restaurants), I think this restaurant is the best value considering taste, price, and authenticity. I really have tried tons of Mexican Restaurant, but when I am craving cheap and OUTSTANDING Mexican food, I always end up back at Los Molcajetes. What makes them so great? REAL MEXICAN FOOD. I am very picky about Mexican as I am Mexican and it takes a lot for me to go out and buy Food that I can otherwise have at home. The taste is exceptional, service is fantastic, and price is just great.  Me and my gf where there on Jan 1st and this what we had: has 1) 6 oysters with Shrimp Ceviche 2) Carne Asada Torta 3) Wet Burrito with Salad4) 2 Drinks5) Chips and Salsa( twice) 6) Cheese Cake Burrito TOTAL: 24 bucks! We will definitely stop by again sometime soon! Oh and THEY NOW TAKE Credit Cards!
5	We stumbled on Los Molcajetes looking for some authentic mexican food.  WOW! AWESOME!  Went there last night and the food was superb.  At first a little intimidating because we were the only non spanish speaking folks there.  The combination platters are plentiful, tasty and cheap.  The Carne Asada is superb.  And I ordered 10 tacos!!  Awesome.  In fact the place is so good, we went back there for lunch today and intend going back for dinner tomorrow night before we head back to Washington DC.  If you are looking for a fancy joint, or tex mex, don't go.  If you are looking for fresh, home cooked, authentic mexican food at unbelievable cheap prices........this place is your winning lottery ticket.  I will come back to this place everytime I am in Las Vegas.  Forget Morton's and all the fancy joints, this place beats them all for quality.
5	This is my kind of place.  They do what they do - they do it well - they hope you enjoy...  that's it and it's that simple.  It is authentic and unpretentious.  They do molcajetes here.  I guess the molcajetes is the cooking/serving vessel made from volcanic rock.  You have your choice of steak, chicken, shrimp and I think they had octopus.  It comes with cotija cheese, cactus leaves, onion, jalapeno, tomatoes and maybe a few other things.  The best part is the sauce.  It really ties the dish together.I had the combo; steak, chicken and shrimp.  The steak was a little tough and not to flavorful.  I could have done with out that.  It didn't matter thought the sauce made up for it.  It was a big dish - big enough for 2.The sauce really was that good.  It is like an enchilada sauce but with more flavors.  I think I tasted a hint of chipotle.  It was a-m-a-z-i-n-g.  It really was just a bunch of stuff in a heavy hot bowl... but the sauce... makes it MOLCAJATES!  That sauce was so good you could have dropped some cat turds in there and it would have been good!!!!!!!!I really liked it.  It was different. It was NOT some half ass Mexican dish served with some rice and beans.  When we ere leaving - they actually said thanks for coming in.  (that is a hint to some other restaurant owners)It is worth the trip to the east side!
4	The first time I ever had a Molcajete (translation is Mortar and Pestle) was in Puerto Vallarta and it was one of the most delicious meals that I have ever had.  It has been about 6 years since I have had one and yesterday was my lucky day....I found a review on Yelp about a restaurant that served Molcajetes.  As soon as I read the other reviews, I literally could feel my mouth start to salivate.  I had no idea that this existed in Las Vegas....but I knew that I had dinner plans that night.   Three of us met for dinner (2 of us ordered the Molcajetes and the other ordered the fried fish).  The order came out and looked exactly as I remembered in Puerto Vallarta.  It comes in a steaming hot mortar (like a volcanic rock) and is enough for two.  I ordered the chicken and asked if they would also add shrimp (they were very accommodating), the BF ordered the combination (chicken, beef and shrimp) and our friend ordered the Fried Fish (which was a Whole Fish which he thought was delicious).   The Molcajetes were very authentic and very good.  The sauce had a deep, rich flavor that I am sure I will craving for weeks to come (thank God that I have leftovers today).  They also add Roasted Peppers, Limes, Avocados, Radishes, a couple Cactus Leaves, Grilled Green Onions, a small square of fresh cheese and FRESH tortillas for dipping (which is a must).  AND...to top it off....The price is extremely reasonable for the portion size!!  ENJOY
2	This place seem a lot dirtier then I remember food wasnt as good I wont be back
5	This is by far the best Mexican restaurant in LAS VEGAS. Being of Mexican decent, I grew up eating Mexican food made by my mother who was a superb cook in her own right, so I have something to compare to. I rate a restaurant on the food, everything else is just filler. The neighborhood is older & mainly Mexican. This place is my favorite Mexican restaurant in all of the Las Vegas Valley. I have recommended it to all my friends.                                                                                                                                                                          First of all you get the requisite chips & salsa. One can order the signature dish of either chicken, beef, the combo which is chicken, beef, & shrimp,  or the seafood combo which has shrimp & octopus. In the same bowl you also get roasted peppers, nopales (cactus), lime wedge, radish (not turnips), a square of Queso cotija, a slice of tomato, slice of avocado & grilled mexican onions. Everything is covered in a superb red sauce. They all taste excellent and come served piping hot in the namesake Molecajeta, the stone vessel made of volcanic rock shaped like a bowl. You get more than enough tortillas to eat with. You can eat fajita style by putting the ingredients of choice in a tortilla or use the tortilla to eat straight out of the Molecajeta. There is an enormous amount of food for one to eat. In fact i've yet  to finish an entire meal in one seating. I always take some home for later. The staff is very friendly & helpful. The menu comes in English & Spanish for the Spanish challenged amongst us.  There are other choices on the menu beside the above mentioned. My son prefers the tacos, be it fish, carne asada, or carnitas. The have seafood also on the menu which is also excellent. They serve beer & soda. On weekends they have roving musicians that play mexican music for money. There are also vendors who can be annoying at times selling CD's, DVD's & various trinkets. Just tell them no & they will leave you alone. Cash is king here. Don't forget to tip.
5	Bam! Don't even get me started. If you are like me and literally just crave spice you need as in rt now drop everything NEED to go here. I speak un poco Spanish so I had to ask for an English menu, even then my total and utter whiteness was evident. Our server was adorable and thankfully recommended what they are known for, the Molcajetes! Do it do it do it! So delicious, so reasonable, soo wish I could swing by today!Update: I live in Summerlin, this place is an epic drive yet I still find myself jumping on the freeway for my Ceviche fix. After a few unsuccessful local Mexican visits I've decided to just accept this place is the only place for me. When friends come in from Cali, there is where we go.The service is 100%, the salsa and chips are delicious, the white fish in the ceviche is fresh, chunky, and seasoned absolutely perfectly. My kids love their burritos and quesadillas.As for the vendors who walk by with a smile offering you their goods? Totally respectful, and not something at all that is annoying or inappropriate in this legit Mexican restaurant. If you want to pay 12 bucks for a single poorly made tostada or burrito go somewhere more glamorous. If you want real Mexican food, in a nice low key environment, that is super affordable? Head here.
5	After reading a few reviews from this place my husband and me decided to try this place and we really enjoyed it.  The food was great and cheap. We had a Shrimp Molcajete and it was delicious. We are making planes to go next week.
5	THIS PLACE...... is awesome the waitress is very on top of her game. She works for her tips. I asked for her personal fav. which I had no idea what it would be but omg this was the best shrip quesadilla evaaaar omg so good! The shrimp is perfect I love this place... highly reccomend. VP
5	This place is definitely worth the trip! Molcajetes are their specialty, and it shows. "Molcajete" is Mexican Spanish for mortar, as in mortar & pestle. These are quite a bit larger than your usual kitchen mortar and made of volcanic rock. If you order one, your food is cooked and served in the mortar, and the sauce is still bubbling like lava when it comes to your table.The two of us couldn't decide exactly what we wanted in our shared molcajete (and damn, were we glad we shared one, they're enormous!), so we got the combination one that has beef, chicken, and shrimp, along with the usual lime wedge, cactus strips, radish slices, avocado slice, large slice of tomato, and amazing red sauce, served with either flour or corn tortillas (we chose corn; they were soft, white corn tortillas, and very tasty). That alone could have fed three people, so needless to say we didn't try anything else while we were there, save for the chips & salsa they give you in the beginning. That salsa was also super tasty!We were completely entertained the whole time watching Univision on the few mounted flat-screen TVs. Well, one of them was playing all music videos, and the other two were tuned to Univision. During most of our stay, a telenovela was on. This might not be as amusing to those who don't speak or read Spanish, but then again, I think they're pretty entertaining regardless.Previous reviews have noted that Los Molcajetes has separate English & Spanish menus and that they don't accept cards. Perhaps they've recently changed these things, because the menus we were given were bilingual, and there's a sign in Spanish in the back of the room that says they accept both credit and debit cards but charge $1 for the service.I also saw at least one previous reviewer who noted feeling like "idiot gringos" or something to that effect because they stood around waiting for someone to assist them when they walked in. When we entered, there was a sign just inside the door that said "Sientense donde gusten," which translates as "Seat yourselves wherever you'd like," and that's what we did. So, gringos, if you see this sign, pretend it says "Please seat yourselves" and act accordingly. ;) Be aware that if you do so, however, the very friendly waitress may think you speak Spanish and start out speaking to you in Spanish when she comes to your table, like she did with us. Both of us do understand and speak decent Spanish, but the waitress quickly realized that our main language was English, so she accommodated. Don't be scurrred, is what I'm sayin'.Yes, as mentioned by others, there are vendors (of CDs, beaded jewelry, etc.) and musicians who wander in & out of the place and will come by your table to see if you're interested in what they're selling. A simple "no thank you" and a smile is enough to get them to quietly move on; no one tried to hard-sell us or was particularly bothersome. I've noticed several (probably American) reviewers remark about this aspect of the restaurant negatively, and some have even knocked a star or two off for it. This phenomenon of wandering vendors is actually quite commonplace in restaurants throughout Latin America in all but the fanciest of places, and anyone who's travelled around a bit likely knows this and won't be aggravated by it.
4	I have never had a molcajete before but this is seriously amazing. I usually get the octopus one and its delicious. My only complaint is that they bring it out on top of a kitchen towel on top of another plate. You should not have to see kitchen towels on your table anywhere.
5	AWESOME PLACE!! It's on the other side of town but totally worth it
5	Everything is great here! I absolutely love it, and I'm never disappointed!! Service is awesome, the food is even better. Salsa is full of taste... Spicy!! Try a molcajete, their specialty.. It's so delicious, you'll be drooling for one the rest of the week. Mariachi on Saturday and Sundays too!!! I can't imagine saying anything else to build up this place!! DELICIOUS!!!
5	There is no way you can beat this price for this much food, and extremely delicious food at that. The molcajete can easily feed 2 or 3 people. I don't speak much Spanish, but that doesn't matter. I still found the atmosphere friendly and welcoming. The wait staff is always accomodating. The traveling-through vendors are quite non-threatening, and immediately leave if the police come in to eat :)
5	This place is amazing. The food is what I would say is very authentic tasting food with the right balance of flavor and heat. I had to order the signature dish and I was not disappointed....The Molcajeta come out ripping hot.. it was explained to me in english and spanish since when I go to spanish speaking establishment they are not to sure which languages to speak... either way is ok with me and the occasional spanglish... The dish will feed two people for sure. The seating was a little tricky it was Sunday and it was packed the mariachi group was playing and families where waiting to be seated but after about ten minutes of waiting I was seated. I am sure if you go early you can avoid this type of situation..The staff was really helpful with getting pople in and out.If you are in Las Vegas and enjoy venturing out beyond the buffets....This is the place for authentic flavor of Mexico....
4	We were looking for something new and different and we found this place Los Molcajetes means Mortar as in mortar and pestle which their signature dish is served fresh from the oven in a big Mortar.  Unique!  We drove quite a way to get here there was a line out front, always a good sign.  We found out it was one family waiting for a big table and we were seated right away.  We were greeted with a Mariachi band singing for a table nearby and a friendly waitress came to out table very quickly.  She was super nice and seemed like she really wanted us to enjoy our food and have fun!  We each ordered a margarita and we got a small taco to split to start (that was a mistake).  When we got our dinner the Mortar is for two people and with the chips you munch on with a really spicy salsa.  Tons tons of food no appetizer needed!  The food was awesome and it had more ingredients then the normal to add to the taco you make out of your mortar.  Soso good very happy girl.They had a clown walking around doing ballon animals a mariachi band the spanish music awards on a guy selling CDs came thru another selling candy bars and a woman selling stuffed animals!  A LOT going on!  It didn't bother me they do not bother you unless you call them over so it just kinds reminded me of laying on the beach in mexico!  LOL
5	I read the reviews and wanted to try it. Super good and the pictures don't lie. A hole in the wall but if you feel like adventure and not afraid of the hood try this hidden gem.  The signature dish came out bubbling and full of flavor. My husband ask for a more traditional dish with diablo sauce. It made his eyes tear up and way to spicy for my taste.  But he sucked it up and ate it like a man.  They only serve beer and frozen margaritas and played really loud music.  The 4 stars are for the food only. Glad We tried it.
4	I have to say the food is really delicious!  but a bit pricey on the seafood for my taste. I love the atmosphere service is great I will be coming back!
4	Yelp comes thru again.........The prawn/octopus ceviche was perfect and incredibly fresh. For $5.50 it was such a great deal because there was a large portion. Their chef has a special way with pulpo, it was just so perfectly prepared and tender. Only thing it needed was more aquacate and we ordered that.We also tried their famous molcajete with chicken and it is obvious they have a unique cooking method as this is breast meat yet so soft and moist even without any of their wonderful red chile sauce which is using similar chili's as used in enchilada chili puree. Overall it is a great dish and stays hot so long cause of the hot molcajete (be careful not to burn yourself).Our waitress Karen was as good as it gets, friendly and knowledgeable about the food. Overall one of the best Mexican restaurants serving authentic food I have eaten at.......and we eat a ton of great Mexican food in Oakland and the bay area so easy to compare.
5	Authentic Mexican food and great customer service. We tried Mocaljetes combination - beef, chicken and shrimps; and Menudo. For dessert, we tried cheese cake burrito,  which was also delicious! Will definitely recommend to friends and family.
4	I went here after school with my friends today. I didn't know what to think at first, but this place is super yummy. They give you chips and salsa as soon as you walk in and tbh the salsa is VERY spicy. Especially for people with low tolerance(me). I had a pork taco and it was delicious. The pork was cooked well and it comes with a lot of seasonings. For dessert we had a burrito cheesecake and it was pretty bomb. It was really hot on the inside and covered in a strawberry sauce.
3	Not authentic except for the salsa which was on the dot! Spicy but addicting. My lettuce l guess was meant only for decoration since it was dry n old. Beans and rice and tortilla don't taste home made. The campechana (seafood mix soup) was way too fish And more oysters then anything. The sope was hard like it's been frozen before. I wouldn't say I would never come again but not when I want authentic.
5	Molcajetes as authentic as the Mayan calendar.Food served on a molcajete, a grinding tool made from volcanic rock, the same kind the Mayans and Aztecs used for thousands of years back can only prove the authenticity of the cookware and of the scheme. The mariachi band playing loud music, vendors coming in and out of the restaurant selling DVDs and CDs and other stuff can only prove the authenticity of the atmosphere.  My eyes were fooled, my ears were convinced but  my taste buds, the toughest one of my senses, are the only one that can conclude authenticity. We started with an order of raw oysters, juicy and chewy with some tapatio and lime, paired with a michelada and I was instantly a fan. The molcajete mixto with steak chicken and shrimp, sizzling exploding like a volcano with south of the border flavors sealed the deal, it was real mexican food and this Mexican was happy!  I will definitely return if only for the raw oysters, everything here taste amazing and the service is equally awesome there's nothing here that doesn't scream authentic! ...except the little umbrellas that decorate the servings...those are made in China.You go now!!
4	The Molcajetes was amazing!! Not the nicest place and not very cheap but I can't complain about the food.
5	Whoa, stop hard at Owens and N Eastern Blvd.  This place ROCKS!  I read reviews and thought it sounded like one of those out of the way gems.  But when I got there was afraid it was one of the decorated up Mexican joints that looked all spiffy with fancy decor and paint colors.  And then served you something that was just okay meh that left you feeling like it was almost good enough to go back but was lacking.  Wow, I let the waitress tell me what was her favorite... still not sure exactly what it was but ticket shows Camerones Chipo, waitress told me it was very very hot.  She came back 3 times to ask me 'Are you sure it is okay.'  Dam near licked the plate clean but thought that might show my lack of class when eating!!  Sopped up every drop of sauce with those killer tortillas they served!!!  Beans excellent, rice done just right, even chips and salsa (with lots of tomatillos and I normally don't like tomatillos) were great.  Then the waitress almost topped the main course, some cheese burrito that had been deep fried that rocked as well.  Left wanting to turn around and go in and reorder exactly the same thing!!!!  Now thats a meal when you want to hurt yourself by having an immediate repeat when you are already waddling out the door.  Last night it was an $80 prime rib, shrimp appetizer and tiramasu at supposedly one of the best steakhouses downtown that left that shoulda been good meh feeling.  Tonight it was $17.00 camerones and cheese burrito for desert that ROCKS.  Wish I was going to be here longer would go back again.  The only thing that I want different is for the chef not to tone down the heat for the white gringo, (loved the waitress she was so concerned she was going to hurt the lightweight).  Now that is taking care of the customer.  And it was spicy enough to know that it could be serious heat and still have awesome flavor.  Waitress promised if I come back it would be the real thing for the gringo.  Killer food, awesome service and would go back in a heartbeat.  Thanks Los Molcajetes I doubt you can find many places with more flavor in their food in LV, celebrity chefs included.
5	This place is amazing. Consistent quality and service.... we have not had a bad meal yet. I would eat just about anything drenched in their red sauce...incredible depth of flavor
5	Great food. Bar environment. You get what you pay for. Slow service when crowded but its worth the wait
5	Excellent food . Great beer ! Great music, live music or on the radio. Mimi one the servers there is wonderful she gets everything you need when you needed always in a great mood . As well along with the rest of the servers . I highly recommend this place to anyone that is looking for real traditional Mexican food .
5	Best Mexican food in Las Vegas! No yellow cheese, gringo-mex here. Just be sure you have cash, they don't take credit cards.
5	04-26-14Yummy food. Large portions. Friendly service. Clean. I had the tostada ceviche mixta. It was "muy grande!" I initially ordered two, thankfully she only brought one. It was huge.My wife had the molcajete res. it was very big, and yummy.I don't get why people on here complain that a Mexican restaurant is like a Mexican restaurant. It's not Taco Bell. The sign says authentico , so expect loud music, especially if there are mariachis that night. There were none on my visit.To the complaints about not taking credit cards, there are old looking visa/MasterCard stickers on the doors. I used my card. I am not sure what the deal with that is.
4	On the hunt for molcajetes in town, we spotted Los Molcajetes in the LV Weekly a few months ago.  We kept putting off our meal here due to things coming up, but finally I insisted that we eat here for Cinco de Mayo.  I arrived around 6, sat down and was immediately greeted by a server with chips, salsa, and a menu.  She started speaking to me in Spanish so I did my best to answer but then she alternated between Spanish and English with me the rest of the evening.  As a native Texan, I took Spanish from 1st through 11th grade but unfortunately am better at reading and writing it than speaking it, a travesty.  However, it was fun to practice.I got a giant frozen strawberry margarita, which was rimmed with salt and something like Tajin (the fruit seasoning that is chile-limey), a water, and a tostada con ceviche de pulpo (Octopus tostada) while I waited for Eric R. to get there.  The ceviche tostada was huge for $5, and piled high with octopus, tomato, onion, cilantro, and a half avocado garnished the plate.  I sliced the avocado onto the tostada and enjoyed it crunching along.  I think I was there over an hour before Eric R. arrived, so I watched the mariachi band play at tables and had several visitors from hawkers (a child selling snacks, a man selling DVDs, a woman selling jewelry) but they left me alone when I did not show interest.The server came and checked on me multiple times while I waited.  Eric R. finally showed up and got a frozen strawberry margarita too.  The server gave him a fresh basket of chips and we ordered the molcajete de combinacion (shrimp, beef and chicken).  It came with nopales (cactus), a tomato, radishes, queso fresco, a half avocado, 2 chiles, roasted scallions, and a side of tortillas (we ordered flour and got corn so we ended up with both)!  The molcajete was bubbling over when it arrived.  The tortillas were almost too hot to handle!  We really enjoyed the meal, but the beef was quite tough.  The chicken was melt-in-your-mouth tender and the shrimp was fine.  I am not sure if the fajita molcajete would have different meat, so next time I would probably order a chicken molcajete.  The restaurant is also known for seafood and offers octopus, oysters, shrimp, fish, and scallop ceviche, tostadas, cocktails, and platters.  There is a $1 charge for paying by card instead of cash.
5	Had Cinco de Mayo dinner here. Quickly found a parking space. No host, just seat yourself. Served chips n Salsa within 30 seconds n quickly greated. Offered drinks. Loved the Modelo Michalada with spicy salt. Gr8 seafood options n other suggestions. I enjoyed the Mojara frita (deep fried fish). Also bought 5 bootleg DVD's n yes, they all work n have both English n Spanish language options. Had a nice Mariachi band playing. Basic ambience. Clean n very modern bathroom. Had a push button to flush. Never seen one before. I hate leftovers but I actually finished them the following morning. They also gave my daughter some funny occasion glasses n a lollipop. Gr8 family run restaurant.
5	This place is amazing! I love how fresh and delicious there oysters are. I wasn't to impressed with their shrimp cocktail its not too bad but i had have better, however,  everything else is delicious. I will continue to go there.
2	I love Mexican food.  The more authentic... the better.  Hole-in-the-wall?  Great!   Nobody speaks a lick of English?  Perfect!  C grade from the health dept?  As long as the food tastes good and I don't get sick!So when some of my Mexican friends invited me to dinner at Los Molcajetes on Eastern, I figured I would feast as if I was south of the border.  When I walked in, I thought the ambience was decent.  Servers were friendly and the chips & salsa were really good.  I ordered a Corona and was disappointed that the beer wasn't that cold.  My friends ordered what they called Mexican Cola, which is basically Coke bottled in glass bottles in Mexico.  They had several TV's on Hispanic channels that were blaring so loud we could hardly talk.  We ordered an appetizer dish of mini tacos that were covered in shredded lettuce, sliced avocados, and piled high with Mexican cheese.  This was delicious!!!I told the server that I wanted to order the dish that they were famous for and she recommended the Molcajetes, which I later learned was basically the bowl that it was served in.  For $7 it was a bargain.The actual meal was okay.  A bowl that was filled with everything but the kitchen sink.  Beef, chicken, shrimp, grilled green onions, avocado, tomatoes... all drenched in a spicy sauce.  It was okay.  Perhaps more suitable for sharing because it was huge.  For $17, not bad considering it would've fed 2+.  During our meal, some guy started walking around with a stack of bootleg dvd's selling them for $5 each.  Odd.  Haha.  As we finished our meal, a mariachi band asked each table if they wanted a song.  If you pay them, they stand around your table playing music so loud that you can't even hear yourself think.  I felt that the restaurant was a real miss.  Nothing was special except for what they do for birthday celebrations.  They bring out a sombrero and put it on the birthday customer and sing to them.  They have a tambourine going and clap really loud.  At the end of the song, the guys in the kitchen scream and blow on that loud, obnoxious vuvuzela horn that they blow at soccer games.  I won't be back.  They seem to do very well so don't let my review keep you from trying it for yourself.  It's worth trying at least once.
4	I'm somewhat on a mission to find the best micheladas in Las Vegas and this place didn't disappoint. They serve a cerveza preparada called a Chavela which is a michelada but with baby clams and shrimp added. I like, I like!!  Their shrimp ceviche was really good and the service was on point!
5	My family and I heard so any great reviews about this place thy we just had to try it out yesterday! It was everything we heard and more. I know authentic Mexican food and let me tell you they live up to that and more. Amazing customer service and atmosphere. We will definitely attend regularly and recommend to everyone. Don't knock it till you try it!! ;) Also do the amount of food you get the prices are great! Don't forget to try a cocktail, my personal favorite Modelo Especial Michelada!!!
4	The chicken and beef molcajete was delicious! Coming from the bay I must say this spot is official!
