3	Friends and I stopped at St. Hubert's, a Canadian franchise, to get dinner. It was late and not crowded at all. Not that that mattered, since we went straight to the express window to get take out. Though it's called "express", that's misleading since you have a small wait for your order to be prepped.Prices were somewhat expensive for what you get - chicken, french fries, bread[1], and LOT of gravy[2] - but they take credit cards in case you don't have enough cash.Dipping sauces are available upon request. Get the BBQ or mustard sauces if you're not into gravy.[1] Expected a biscuit for a side, not a McDonald's hamburger bun. Amusing.[2] For reals, that was a crapload of gravy. For a few pieces of chicken, I got two large plastic containers of gravy.
4	Working in the area, I go there on a bi-weekly basis. The food is always very good and the service friendly.  It's a well run machine with no surprises.I give it a 4 star rating since I keep my 5 stars for exceptional food.  If you like chicken and a consistent experience, it's a great place.  BTW their 5 to 7 is getting better in terms of crowd especially during summer.R.
5	These places are a classic. Can't go wrong. My fave one is the one in Lasalle. Never disappoints, very good drinks too.
4	Rotisserie chicken is a Quebecois staple, which is made great at St. Hubert.I much prefer eating in the restaurant, as opposed to ordering delivery.  It is much fresher in the restaurant.  From a quarter or half chicken to wraps, salads, sandwiches and chicken chaud, St. Hubert has an extensive menu.  Every time I go the service is great, and it's probably the only place in the area which offers free refills on drinks.  Accompanying the quarter and half chickens are fries, slaw, gravy and bread.  It's a large portion for sure, and will run about $15 per person.  It's great for lunch, dinner or after a night of drinking.
1	This is probably the most disgusting and inedible chicken I have ever tasted. I wonder how I got myself into this place. The chicken was dry, so dry that was like eating paper towel... and it was a leg!  I tried to dip it into the sauce....  puaf! it tasted like artificially flavored chicken broth thickened with cheap corn starch... not even salt... I had to settle for the coleslaw, which was good. I could not eat the "chicken"...
2	Was not that impressed with this place.  The food is nearly exactly the same as Swiss Chalet, only double the price and not as tasty.  The food itself was pretty bland.  The atmophere was pretty nice though.
2	Had the "Boite Surprise" ("Surpise Box") which I'm told used to be called the "Choix du Chef" ("Chef's Choice") and it did not disappoint.  It indeed was a surprise.  I guess they changed the name so any disappointed customers wouldn't blame the Chef.Quarter chicken leg meal... more like a QUARTER BOX meal since the piece was so small, that's how much space it took up in the take out container, which by the way contained a tray that was tapered at the bottom.  Found the chicken to be saltier than other roast chicken places.  Maybe they marinate it in brine before roasting.  The downside is that salt is its predominant flavour.  The fries were crispy and actually not bad.  Switched the salad for an extra gravy which I didn't really need but this man needs meat, not salad, and he got neither.  Still, for those with decent appetites or meat lovers, pay for the more expensive chicken breast meal instead.  After all, there's no time to eat lunch twice.Overall, something different from the Swiss Chalet I'm used to but seeing since there must be some anti-competitive agreement (no St. Hubert in Ontario, no Swiss Chalet in Quebec) between the companies, it's likely Quebecers are stuck with whatever St. Hubert decides to dish out.Prices are a little on the expensive side but simply put where else are you going to go for chain restaurant roast bird.P.S.  From what I've been told, that mysterious one half hamburger bun comes from the fact that it used to be a whole hamburger bun being used as the bread portion of the meal, until the company cut back and started giving one half the amount.
4	Not too shabby! Wonderful set up, looks very nice like you should come dressed up and it has wonderful views of the city. As the name suggests, Rotisserie chicken is their specialty. It was moist and flavorful, the gravy was the star of the meal I think; It was bursting with flavors and a slight spicy kick. With your meal you had endless coleslaw; yup, aaaaall the coleslaw you could ever want! The only thing I found was that their molten chocolate dessert wasn't all that great and the coffee was very expensive and yet pretty blah which was surprising since all the coffee I had tried in Montreal up to that point had been spectacular! I only drank half of it, but overall I'd definitely return.
2	Very confusing lunch menu.I came here with a few friends and we all decided to order from their lunch (special?) menu.  From what I read (the English menu), my meal would come with coleslaw for the price as listed and I would be able to pick a side, so I decided to go for the side salad since I did not consume any vegetables for the past week or so.After explaining to the waitress what I wanted in English, she said it would be fine and we soon got our meals shortly after.  The food was mediocre and I would have given them 3 stars if it wasn't for their mistake on the bill.  The waitress had misunderstood my order and charged me for the extra side salad even though my menu item was supposed to come with the coleslaw in the first place, and a side salad as a side.  Her English wasn't too great and I honestly did not have time to argue, so I ended up giving a mediocre 13% tip and leaving the restaurant quite discontent, knowing that I paid $16.50 for a very sub-par meal.
