2	Came here on a Tues and was fairly disappointed in the food and service. We sat on the outdoor patio and the waiter only poked his head out every now and then. I got the Mexican Benedict and the portions were very big. First bite was great but it quickly became apparent that it wasn't fresh breakfast potatoes and when the benny cooled, it was unpleasant to eat.Don't think I would ever return.
2	I've been here about 4 times. I think 3 out of 4 of those visits were negative. The rapidity of the service is totally non-consistent. Sometimes the food takes too long and other times the waiter/tress never stops by. At one visit, for myself and my neighbor our sausages were extremely cold. It was embarrassing for everyone, and all they did was take our plates as they were and changed the sausages to fresh ones. The smoothies are totally w-e-a-k. It's not real fruit they use in there. It's thick frozen mud. Not authentic at all.THE MENU IS MESSED UP ALSO. For breakfast, on the eggs page it says at the top: Includes toast, potatoes - showing it at the top that all of them come with those extras, then you get your plate with nothing?! So you ask and they say "Oh the menu is like that, but with this plate those are not included."Like, what the HECK is that?!
2	I work nearby so I've been quite a few times for lunch and, more often than not, it's pretty good. But lately I've felt that they're very inconsistent.I was last there about a week ago and I got the burger from their daily specials menu which was a "burger poutine" combo of sorts. When it came to my table I found that my burger was sitting in what they claim to be poutine sauce (more on that later). Now, I have a vague recollection of the description and it somewhat states that there is poutine sauce drenched over the burger (I had to ask the waitress for clarification and why my burger bun was soiled with sauce, not realizing exactly what the menu description meant... I had assumed that the *poutine* was drenched in sauce, which it also was). As you can imagine, it was VERY messy to eat and the waitress didn't offer any extra napkins nor a wetnap, which would have been quite handy. Now that's all fine, it's my fault for not fully realizing exactly what I was ordering (though, an item like that should be made clearer by waitstaff so that the customer knows what they're getting their hands on). My main issue was with the burger itself and the poutine. The meat was boring, dry and grey. Flavourless and chewy with no extras other than the usual lettuce, onion and tomato... and the dreaded poutine sauce which somewhat discreetly covered the bun. I say "discreetly" because it was so clear and thin that they should be ashamed to call it a poutine sauce in Montreal!! The fries where frozen McCain shoestring cut that were so soggy they were almost mush. And the kicker, there were literally (literally!!) 6 cheese curds.So there's my one bad experience out of several mediocre to good ones. Their breakfasts are fair and I have had some good burgers there (though they always tend to be a little bit dry). But a restaurant with the word "burger" in it's name should be a lot more consistent.And any sauce over any burger is always a bad idea.As a side note, the friend I was with had a barely edible quesadilla and had to throw up by the time she got home.Just sayin'.
3	Restaurant is now closed. A new sign indicates that it will become a JAVA-U shortly. Stay tuned.
