4	Soup glorious Soup!! Who doesn't love a piping hot big bowl of this yummy delight!This place has got the idea. Six different flavours of soup to choose from...... the majority of which are gluten-free (good for people to know!) and are scrumdiddlyumptious! Not only do you have a choice of soup but they also have several different kinds of bread that you can choose based on how you are feeling! I picked out the Caldo Verde (I had never heard of it either, chorizo, potato and kale - I LOVE kale! Nobody ever seems to use it so that was my decision made!) and some very tasty onion bread. Ok, so after this rant of how much I love soup, all the different flavours they have (others on offer - lentil, spicy chickpea, cream of mushroom, cream of chicken, pumpkin which was sadly sold out) the choice of breads, and the good service! They were very friendly and seem happy to take on any suggestions you may have. Why did I not give it 5 stars!? Hmmmm.......Lack of seats. It can probably hold a good half a dozen, and that's about it. I cannot judge the fact that they are new to the scene, but they just don't seem very 'sure' of themselves. That will improve with time I am sure and I will grow to love this as a little winter warmer!
5	Union of Genius is an impressive addition to Edinburgh's lunch circuit, offering a daily range of six soups for you to choose from. The quality of the soup is excellent, and the hearty bread to accompany it very good, also.Excellent coffee from Artisan Roast, and lovely hot chocolate from the Chocolate Tree are also available for your delectation.We were well impressed, rating it as one of our Top 5 places to lunch in Edinburgh.
5	It is St. Andrews day, it is cold, I am heading into university for what will no doubt be a long slightly soul destroying afternoon of working....... How on earth can I prepare for this!?!? Ah.... ha. I know. Soup from Union of Genius, it is on the way, and it is tasty, and I have always said I would give it another go!So, I turned up a slightly late to meet Allie, who had already managed to bag the bench by the window. On offer today were many delights including - Scotch Broth,Pumpkin with sumac, Tomato Rasam, Caldo Verde, Cream of wild mushroomPotato and Parmesan. What else could I have chosen, on the feast day of the patron of our bonnie country, other than Scoth Broth. It was delicious! I had the onion bread with it as it was so tasty last time!I still say it is not the sort of place you could 'go for lunch'. it is more somewhere to 'pick up lunch'. I mainly think this as we had an older couple sitting opposite us, not saying much, whilst we were nattering away and having a good old gossip! I am sure our stories amused them! But back to the point. Soup - Yum. Bread - Scrummy. Service - Great. Will be returning as I still have not got my paws on the Coronation Chicken Soup!!
4	Popped in for an amazing butternut squash and bacon (for me) and a Lebanese lentil for the other half.  I opted for mine in a bread bowl - somehow it felt more manly for a bloke more used to burgers at lunchtime - but in hindsight I think this was a bit unnecessary.  The soups are so flavoursome that sticking them in a white bread basin actually makes them a bit less attractive to the pallet. If it was a seafood chowder in a sourdough bowl then different story.Coffees after were great - Artisan Roast beans so you know it's going to be a decent cuppa. My only gripe is the size. There's only one table with four chairs and a small shelf that squeezes in a couple of stools so if you want to sit in you're going to be sharing your personal space with others. Sadly for us  those others were a couple of loud  'oh my gosh, Tarquin crashed the Beemer' types, which though entertaining for the first 5 minutes quickly became like really tedious - yeah?On soup alone this place would easily hit the 5 star mark, and if I was taking away then that's what I'd give it.
5	The owner of this lovely little "soupery" (did I just invent a word?) is passionate about potage :)A gem of a place with the most fab soups on offer and a very sensible and green approach to packaging and waste. This place thrives on the take out trade of students and nearby workers, there is limited seating but I have managed to bag a place to sit each time. Sit-in soup is served in a bowl with a lid and a couple of chunks of locally baked bread, all served up on a slate table mat. I love soup and I love this place, there are always new soups to try and a great place if you are vegan or gluten free. Last time I tried the Lebanese lentil - yum!!!
4	Union of Genius is something a bit different, like espresso based coffee, everyone seems to be offering soup these days, from the greasy spoon to the local pub... Union of Genius offers great fresh soup and bread, but it is more than that, if your normal soup is Starbucks or Costa then Union of Genius is Brew Lab or Artisan Roast, whose coffee they keep funnily enough...Ok, I hear you say, it's still just soup though... Just soup seems derogatory when applied in this instance. The soup from Union of Genius is full of flavour, healthy and in some cases unusual. They cater to the meat lover and the vegan equally, you can even check which of six soups most appeal online, though some do sell out.Simply put, this is good food made with care and attention, give it a go and enjoy.
5	If you get here early - before lunchtime rush what a huge table they have, by the window as well. All the better to eat your soup at and do some work by! However as it's the only big table in the room common courtesy is to share, which I don't mind doing...chatting is optional. I was a extremely pleased to get to the table without six deep at the counter, it is almost unknown for me to be first for anything as every time previous its been packed. So with a tangent of success was feelin' good, towards solving the Empty Table Equation for example (pre-lunch + empty shop = table).A bean, chorizo, tomatoy soup served on a slate in a stoneware bowl, home baked brown sesame bread, including a coffee for around a fiver, was great. In all it soup was not too cold(or seasoned badly), not too hot...but just right. With UofG coming along when it did, thanks guys,  I've met many friendly staff in town but as it's not a large place  s'pose the smiles come with really enjoying your work! Can't wait to try another as think I'm hooked; but will my foodie/table experience be over...if not then I'll take it, but if it's a bad rap then maybe I'll just move forward to takeaway again?
5	I can't believe I've been going here since it opened & haven't posted a review before now. Ah-mah-zing soup. Fresh & full of flavour. More expensive than most of the other lunch places nearby but it merits every penny & the soup comes with delicious locally baked bread which you don't get elsewhere. There's a good selection which caters for everyone. They always have dairy free, gluten free & veggie options. They have lovely cakes & make great coffee too. It's always busy. Seating is limited & if you are late (after half 1) they may have sold out of a few of the soup choices. They are that popular.
5	Heard about their soup from one of my favourite bakery...the wee boulangerie...never had a chance to sit down and try their soup, but knowing they must be good coz TWBs is excellent with their bread and they are serious about their food, so the soup they sell in there can't be bad.Went in with high expectations and I was not disappointed at all. There were a few choices written on the black board and I ordered their broccoli chilli and bacon soup, it was late afternoon so I was told they only had olive bread left.  The soup arrived and I loved it. Its flavoursome, rich heart felt kind of soup. Warm you up instantly and the olive bread went very well with it. As winter is slowly approaching I believe I will be easily spotted in union of genius for their lovely soups.
4	This was my first time getting soup here. It always closes too early for me to make it! (needs to stay open till 5pm in my opinion) But to be fair when I got there only 20 min to close time (4pm) Almost all there soups were gone and there were just a few  chucks of bread left. So not much for selection when you come just before closing. But I had heard such good things about them and have wanted to try them for a while so I went for it. Got a tomato lentil soup that was so delicious! and had some nice brown bread for dipping! Perfect early 1st dinner before I headed to the train.  Really want to try and get there earlier in the day so I can try some other types of soups!
4	i've long been told of the goodness of soups from Union of Genius.  sadly though i'd never had a chance to visit this soup cafe as i don't work in town so couldn't go for a lunch break and don't live particually close by so not great for a weekend soup take away either.  but luckily, i was working at the Blood Donor Centre up the road and made it a point to get my lunch from Union of Genius.the shop itself is small, with space for abotu 6 or so people to eat in around a very large wooden table.  however i was taking away, so it wasn't a problem.  there were five soup options and all sounded incredibly appealing but i was persuaded by the counter lady to have the roasted cauliflower with almond flakes.  i got a side of the olive bread and was on my way with soup and bread placed in a convenient carrier bag for me to bring back to the office.the soup was lovely, seriously lovely and a massive portion!  it was warming and soooo incredibly tasted i wished i had opted for the large instead of the regular.  the roasted cauliflower added a really nice taste that was balanced well with the almonds and i think there was cumin seeds for a bit of earthiness.  my olive bread was similarly tasty and good for dunking in the soup.  it was with great sadness that i finished my last spoonful and used the last of my bread to mop up any soup left on the container.  it's unlikely i'll have a repeat visit to Union of Genius soon, but i would highly recommend this place for soupy goodness!
5	Ok, yes. And I mean about their whole philosophy. Biking soup around town. Local, sustainable food. 'Gifting' a coffee so someone in need can come in and claim it. Donating soup every month to the homeless. Lucky homeless.Their soup is freggin amazing. I had a seasonal (top three on the list), which means they're around for about a week. Some spicy chorizo and spinach concoction that made my mouth and tummy so completely happy. They serve it with fresh bread, like poppy seed, but I had gluten free sliced bread- it was cool this was an option. Most people take away because there are like 6 seats. They have some kind of reward program for bringing back your to-go container. But I ferreted my way into a corner spot, next to some lovely French visitors, and sipped down my soup. Mmm. It was pricy, 3.50, especially when I had a nice to-go soup the other day for 1.50. But, quality, flavor, philosophy- these are worth it. And those philosophy majors need to get paid, too, right?
5	LOVE Union of Genius. They're ALL about the soup and have six different ones every day - as well as various breads, brownies, salads, porridge, coffee. All packed into a tiny wee place. The soup is delicious, it really is - and they always welcome you with a smile and helpful advice, should you need it. They're even dog friendly. Hurrah! It's tiny and busy, though, so watch your timings. Takeaway is a great option, as you can take your own soup pot and coffee mug, or use their 'green Veg ware'. You can find Union's fabulous soups in various other places around town (it gets taken there in a Dutch-style carrier bike - brilliant) too. All in all, an Edinburgh staple, a fab wee business and highly recommended.
4	It has realllllyyyy good soup at an affordable price! The chorizo Stromboli was also great!
4	Let's begin here for a wee pop up restaurant by the lovely Danielle for International Restaurant Day.  We didn't have any soup by Union of Genius but what we did have was a choice of two risottos: Duck Ragu or Butternut - my choice was the duck ragu and it was postively yummy.  Followed by a omg scrumptious dessert by Meena - an indian twist of eton mess.  Immense of flavours and delicious on every spoonful!
