2	This Starbucks is worthy of mention only because it moved into the lobby of the former Plaza Theater.  The Plaza is where my friends and I (legally) first saw R-rated movies on our own.  I remember seeing "Pulp Fiction" here.Otherwise, it's just a Starbucks.
3	Not my favorite coffee chain by any means. Is it just me or do all Starbuck coffees taste burnt and bitter? No matter how trendy, cool and upscale their establishments are I can't get around the yicky tasting bitterness of Staryucks regular coffees. Talk about over roasting a bean...Maybe something has changed with their regular coffee but I have not drank it in about a year. And I am not one for soy caramel latte foofy stuff but I am sure with all the sugar in those types of drinks they are delicious but go to a cash machine first ($$). Still I'll give the establishment tres estrellas (star in espanol) for the fact that their espresso is acceptable and doesn't taste half as bad as the regular coffee bean.
1	i go here because it's close and because i like sweetened iced coffee black.  also because i hate crazy mocha and there lack of making a simple sugar to sweeten iced drinks.  truthfully, i wouldn't go here if jeet was open at normal coffee hours.  why?  bad staff...well, one staff member in particular .the woman in front of me in line totally polite to her. me totally opposite. rude .big attitude and not even a thanks. i really don't care one way or the other about your sexuality but don't take it out on me because im a guy.
3	Yeah, still just a basic Starbucks occupying the lobby of a former theater.  It came in handy today though.  I ducked in here  for some Tazo Passion brewed tea.  It really hit the spot on on an otherwise blah afternoon.
2	I'm not a cool kid, and no youngun' would ever be impressed with how gnarly I am. (Kids still say that, right? Gnarly? Boss? I should give up, shouldn't I?) I've got no hipster cred to loose, so I can actually talk about frequenting Starbucks on several occasions. The pros: It's always clean inside which is nice. I don't think I've even noticed a straw out of place or napkin on the floor.The drinks are exactly what one would expect from Starbucks. Somewhat generic, but the espresso gets the job done. I do stay away from the regular coffee as it tends to just taste burnt.It's open early enough that I rarely find myself standing like a lost child outside the locked front door about to burst into tears because I can't get my caffeine fix.The cons: It's Starbucks, which means every single time I buy a coffee here and not at a local owned coffee shop.One particular employee who just seems to choose to dislike customers by first glance and is absolutely rude to the point of refusing to acknowledge them standing there. I wouldn't ever go any further into who it is, but I feel it warrants being said on here.If that employee would buck up, I'd rarely to never have a bad experience there which is saying a lot about a coffee place.
3	Oh looky its your typical Starbucks. Some of the girls that work there (manager probably I think) can be a little off putting at times but otherwise good atmosphere. I always pick up the same thing whenever I go in Blueberry and Vanilla KIND! bars --- GLUTEN FREE  for all you celiac people. Otherwise Crazy Mocha fufills my coffee needs better yet Chai Tea Latte needs.
4	I really love the location of this Starbucks. It has come in handy while waiting for a family member to get out of surgery at West Penn Hospital, and for all those times my husband is on call at West Penn and needs a caffeine fix.The ceilings are nice and high, and though it's not very spacious, there usually always seems to be space to study or read. The staff is friendly, and they have all the usual things I crave when I go to Starbucks: Kind bars, raspberry scones, oatmeal, etc.My drink of choice at this location lately has been a Venti three pump vanilla latte. Yum!
3	This is a great place for me to stop into for a cup of Jo before heading to work in the morning. Most Starbucks around have become places of high customer turnover, with people making a quick stop in before work, during lunch, or later at night. This branch is completely serviceable and average, and to be honest (sorry guys), I really enjoy Starbucks coffee. It's one of the best. You don't become a coffee conglomerate without boasting a damn good cup of coffee. And their service is always quick (if impersonal) and efficient.
