1	This place is a major dump. Looks nice from the outside, but super dirty elevators, hallways, walls, carpets, rooms. Unbelievable. Not sure how it can be this bad. It looks like 20 years of neglect but is less than five years old. Bring your black light and Purell. Be sure to wear shoes in your room. Nasty.
4	Interesting the negative reviews, it seems they are inconsistent right now.  Wifi was fixed, staff was clean, hotel was fairly clean.  I had a great experience.  They had two hockey teams in for a tournament, plus whatever else to sell out the hotel.  but, they still got us an early check-in, and late check-out.  Yeah, ok, I noticed the emergency exit signs had not been dusted.  But, our room was clean, the lobby seemed clean.  I will say, they had used some white/cream carpet upstairs in the foyer area - showed dirt really bad, but I think that was a carpet selection, not a cleaning, issue.  Outdoor pool was heated - it was nice.Only issue - I am not sure if I have stayed at nicer DoubleTrees, or they are changing the brand standard, but the "restaurant & bar" were not much above a Best Western.  The breakfast was only a buffet, and the "restaurant" was really just a bunch of tables in a hidden away part of the lobby.  The staff in the restaurant was great, but it was not what I have seen in the past from DoubleTree.  I am used to separate, dedicated areas.  Maybe I am begind on brand standards.  It's like three minutes from San Tan Village, and they have several places open until 2 am, so we were still able to meet friends somewhere to drink.Totally would stay here again.
1	Was totally disappointed with this hotel.  I chose it over the Hampton thinking it would be better.  Well what a surprise I got.  The room smelled horribly, I had to keep the window open the whole time which was right next to a busy road.  The wifi didn't work at all.  They brought a hard line to each room and it didn't even help.  The staff at the front desk were lovely and tried to accommodate, but the hotel struck out as far as I was concerned.  And it was DIRTY.  We stayed two nights, packed our bags and moved a mile away to the Hampton which was cheaper and gorgeous compared to the Doubletree.  If you have a choice, go with the Hampton, beautiful big clean rooms and the staff wonderful and great FREE internet as well.  Sanjay totally took care of us at the Hampton.  Do yourself a favor and stay away from the Doubletree.
5	Stayed here for a wedding! Super room, luxury bedding, wifi, chocolate chip cookies, great breakfast, coffee maker & refrigerator in room. Awesome friendly staff!
4	Love the hotel.  Great Jr Suite. Comfortable Place to Stay. Will Stay again when in the area.  Pool could be bigger.  But nice Hiton Honnors.
1	The worst DoubleTree I have ever stayed in. I thought it would be kind of new but the rooms are not well kept and just seem old. The guest service is bad. Needed bag for ice around 11pm. Was told that maid service would need to get them and they aren't available until 7am. How in the hell is that acceptable?  Asked do you have a first aid kit with an ice pack; not aware of a first aid kit being available. Showed no interest in working with me to find a solution.I'm definitely not loving my experience.
1	DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY!! Our room was filthy dirty! Stains on the carpet, gravel and hair on the floor of the bathroom, I wiped it with a cloth and it was black, full of hair and dirt. Hair in the tub, soap scum on the soap shelf in the shower, hair on the toilet and TOP of the toilet tank! Food crumbs by the microwave, dirty microwave and fridge. Just overall a FILTHY room. It looks great in photos, but that is about it. The staff was nice, but didn't offer to rectify the situation or help in anyway, just apologized. The "restaurant"  ins't worth your time or money. Understaffed and under-trained! Great location but it is honestly the worst Double Tree we've ever stayed in! Wi-fi wouldn't work at all in the room. And breakfast, it's a joke! Plus they charged $11 per person for breakfast!!! INSANE!Filthy place, not worth your time or money, stay somewhere else, it's NOT up to the standards of other Double Tree hotels that we've stayed at.
1	POOR customer service! Nancy at the front desk was so rude and only told us what couldn't be done. I stayed in the honeymoon suite for our wedding night. The room was nice other than the film of dirt in the spa tub. So we avoided that. We ordered bottled water from room service that night (wedding and dancing leaves you thirsty!). Room service never came that night. I had to send my husband downstairs to go to the vending machine. Overall I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone due to the lack of hospitality. You can get friendlier service at a budget hotel. I 2048 east cairo dr. I spent too much money on this room for such a poor experience.
5	The DoubleTree is a beautiful place to get married. The outdoor courtyard is perfect for weddings with a fireplace, water fountain and natural arbor that blooms in the spring. The courtyard adjoins a good sized reception hall. The staff were attentive and kind and the food was excellent. April, the wedding planner and catering manager is amazing. She takes time to get to know the bride and groom and makes sure every detail is tended to. Our wedding was gorgeous and a lot of fun thanks to the DoubleTree. The hotel rooms are really nice too and you receive a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie when you check in.
5	Have to give a shout out to Hannah. What A remarkable lady! We spent the last couple weeks at the Doubletree for work and spent most of the mornings with Hannah waiting on us. She is a doll! The food was amazing (especially the flat bread) and the service was incredible.  Never felt so welcomed before.   We will miss seeing Hannah's smile each day but will be back as soon as we can!
3	So we are WELL TRAVELED! (DIAMOND members at more than one hotel)Stay=3 days The check in was good.Room traditionally decorated, floral drapes & couch!We stayed down the "rotten sausage-hallway" (Is the first floor) it was so bad my 5 year old couldn't walk through with out holding his nose! (He did it Every. Single. Time. For 3 days!)  Air freshener, people!?!?! The next morning the front desk lady gave my husband attitude! We enjoyed the pool. The breakfast was good. (Not exceptional, but good) 5 stars for the price though!Gotta try them cookies!We definetley will try another hotel in the area after the snobby front desk girl. Hannah was sweet! Thanks, Hannah!
1	Worse hotel stay I have ever had.  Had about 10 to 12 rooms reserved for our family that flew in for our 9/27/14 wedding...Jennifer was suppose to be in charge of setting up our group so when people called in to reserve a room under our name they would get a group rate.  It took three times and phone calls to finally get it set up properly.  ( should have seen the red flag then)  Morning of the wedding got a noise complaint call as a few of us in the wedding were getting ready to leave for our hair appointment.   Front desk says " well its a diamond member" that is complaining.   Ummm....that means NOTHING to me.  Explained that all we were doing was blow drying our hair and showering.  Not to mention it was at 8 am that they were calling me.  Really??  It's not like it was 5 in the morning.  As I was leaving for my wedding I confirmed with the front desk that they addressed the issue with the person complaining m. I was told to not worry about it and enjoy my wedding day.  Fast forward to our wedding night.  My new husband and I barely get dressed and another noise complaint call comes through.  I told them that this issue was to have been addressed earlier per the front desk person that morning and I told them NOT to call me back bc for one we weren't even doing anything and for two it was our wedding night.  About 15 min later the front desk calls again with yet another noise complaint. My husband thought that it had to be a joke bc we were literally just lying on the bed talking about our awesome wedding.   Nope...no joke bc about 10 min later 2 gilbert police officers and a front desk person are at our hotel room.  Police felt so bad that they were even there.  They knocked on the door of the person making the complaints. ..which shocking they didn't answer.  Hotel staff completely missed handled the whole situation.  Made us move at 1 in the morning to another room on our wedding night....and still charged us for the room.  The hotel itself is very nice...but their lack of customer service is not worth it.  They literally ruined our wedding night.
4	I've never experienced a "bad" Double Tree so I'm not surprised that this location was just as nice as others I have visited.This location is perfect if you're staying in the Gilbert/Mesa area.  It's about 40 minutes from the airport which isn't terrible considering how large the Phoenix-area is.  There is an impressive fitness room, a small pool that is perfect for a hot day, a spa (didn't get to check that out), and a solid restaurant with an $11 breakfast buffet every day!  Their room service is also pretty good and not at all expensive.  There is also a pantry downstairs (just like all Hilton locations have) with a vending machine (takes plastic) as well as snacks and other items you may need during your stay.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The rooms are HUGE and have massive ceilings.  The only issue is while the room itself is large, the bathroom is small and narrow.  The bathroom door opens right into the toilet.  Water pressure and temperature is perfect.  The rooms (especially the bathroom) are much too dark but you'll make due.  There is also a tv with a lot of cable channels but who makes use of that?Overall, this is a great Double Tree location.
1	Attended a wedding at Seville Golf and Country Club.  The Doubletree provided a shuttle to the event and also scheduled a pickup immediately following the event.  On our way the driver didn't provide professional customer service ( didn't help us out of the van).  At the conclusion the ride was over 2 hours late.  We had to call multiple times, very disappointed in the service.
4	I frequently visit the conference center for various training events for work, and always love it. The property is beautiful, very clean, and the room is always stocked with delicious goodies. There are places to go outside to sit and relax, and it's peaceful, which is something I really look forward to. The catering staff always prepares a wonderful meal and it's very easy to find. I have never been in the hotel, so this is purely for the separate conference building.
5	I would recommend the DoubleTree in Gilbert as a place to stay in the Phoenix area. It is a great location close to SanTan VIllage (where there are many nice places to eat and shop) and the people working at the Doubletree are always friendly. The bartender remembered our drink order from the previous year. The front office manager went to the trouble of calling and then sending a pair of earrings I left in our room. The only drawback I can see is the size of the pool area. The pool itself is nice and clean but the walled in area around the pool is small.
4	I wanted to take the time to compliment this Doubletree on its excellent accommodations and staff. Amenities such as a guest laundry room,free wifi, convenient pool/hot tub and fitness room, excellent on site restaurant and bar, in room microwave and mini refridgerator make for a comfortable stay. Dawn at the front desk was warm, friendly and efficient. Hannah and Selon at the bar made happy hour quite enjoyable. Vinny is extremely helpful and cracked open our safe that a previous guest left locked. He also quickly replaced a non functioning microwave and drove us to our destination on a previous visit. What is most notable about the staff is their warm friendliness combined with their efficiency. My husband often has business in Gilbert and this hotel is our choice for lodging while in Gilbert.
