5	I have been going to Cache Salon for about 5 years and have never been disappointed!  Joe knows color like no one I have ever seen.  He initially fixed a horrifying highlight job that I paid double what Joe charges and with virtually no damage to my hair.  He is the all time hair guru!!!!  I don't know of any other salon that has such outstanding prices and expertise in hair.  I'll never go anywhere else!  And they take credit cards.
5	Everyone should give Cache Salon a chance.  I found them through a mail advertisement, and glad I took a chance.  I met Joe, and he has been great to my hair!!  My highlights and color always comes out right!  I value his opinion very much; because he is honest and very knowledgeable.  And, our conversations are always entertaining and funny!!
5	I went here the other day on a referral from my coworkers.  I called the lady directly and she set me up with an appointment right away.  When I got there she was ready for me, I did not have to wait which I love! She helped me pick out a good color to highlight my hair, helped me figure out what a good hair style was for me, and was very attentive.  She made sure I had magazines, t.v., and kept asking me if i wanted anything to drink and if i was good.  She gave me loads of information on how to restore and maintain my hair.  By far the best hair stylist I have ever had.  The bonus is that she is really cheap.  If you need a new style definitely see Estrella at Cache Studio.  She is amazing!!!
5	I got a referral from a friend and its been years since I have has anyone work on my hair. Dan and I picked out a color and discussed a style. I cut my hair!  Which I haven't done in 10 yrs.I am completely thrilled with my results. We have already discussed what we will do next. Thanks to Dan
5	I have been going to this salon for months now and I must say that this is one of the best hair salons in the area. The hair stylists are very knowledgeable and very friendly. It is also the cleanest in the area. I will never go anywhere else! And thanks Joe for fixing my orange hair and made it look natural again!!! :o)
5	The people that work here are super nice and they're amazing at what they do. Five star quality all the way through.
5	First, a shout out to Arcely S. for recommending this place! Toughest part about moving is finding a new hair stylist that does great work. I've had a fair share of bad hair stylists, but not here. The studio was very easy to find and making appointments was pretty smooth too. Joe was recommended to me by Arcely and I'm glad she did. Joe is down-to-earth and he has a rich background in "hair". Joe is extremely friendly and easy to talk with and about 5 minutes into the haircut, we found our common ground in "fitness". Joe took his time with my hair (which I really like) and made sure that every cut and blend looked clean. Overall, I am extremely satisfied with my haircut!The studio is kept very clean and mind you this place is pretty huge. Cache Hair Studio is more than just hair, they got a ton of different services to fit your fancy. I already made another appointment to see Joe in October, so if you are looking for a solid hair salon with great service, you gotta be here!!
3	Awesome. Cindy Chau is great.Great cut, and always makes herself available.Been seeing Cindy for years now, and wouldn't go anywhere else... Unless it was to follow her if she moved.Highly recommendedCindy has left for another salon (24/7) so I am following her.
2	I should've followed my gut when I first walked through the doors. Waiting for more than 5 minutes to be greeted. Then I was never told how long for a haircut. After waiting what seemed to be an appropriate time, once in the chair I was told by the hairstylist I was being sat before the lady who was next in line. As if I was being done a favor. Go in order and tell me how long I need to wait, I'll be patient and wait my turn. More importantly is the hairstylist. He didnt listen. I wanted to trim the sides and leave the length on the top. I left with a lot less on the top, and the sides uneven. I mentioned the sides were uneven and he said they weren't. Should've gone with my gut. Hair looks bad and I'm unhappy. Had to go get it fixed elsewhere. Maybe this place focuses on womens hair and not mens. Ill give them the benefit of the doubt, again.
5	I love May!!!  She's very patient with all my requests and doesn't laugh when I bring in magazine clippings of examples of how I want my hair done.... My s#&% tight now.  Thank you May!
