2	Do you like looking out your window to see homeless people picking through your dumpsters?Do you like it when those people, apparently unhappy with your trash, then light your dumpster on fire?Do you think it's so much more fun to do laundry when it takes 3 hours for your dryer to do its job?Do evenings at home seem so empty to you, without barking dogs,  screaming NASCAR-loving neighbors and floors that shake from running children next door?Would you like to feel like you live off 19th and Buckeye, but have a posh Scottsdale mailing address, too?Do unresponsive front office workers turn you on?Does life seem mundane unless your car gets broken into in your "gated" community's parking lot?Do you like that smell of cigarette smoke that wafts into your apartment from the smelly smokers below you?If so, you should most definitely check this place out. You'll LOVE IT!
1	Don't do it. Don't even think about moving here. It's not safe, it's not nice to look at, parking sucks, and the management is awful. Our laundry room flooded on several occasions and getting maintenance to come by was an absolute struggle. The water was turned off at 8am-11am on 3 different occasions without warning. So when it was time for us to be up and showering for work, we couldn't even brush our teeth!! My car got towed in regular uncovered parking for having the tags two weeks expired. One week from moving out a guy got pistol whipped by the dumpsters where everyone has to park. I'm pretty sure I've made my point, so I'll stop before a vein pops out of my head from having to think about this hell-hole.
1	I have to agree with the other reviews. I lived here from January 2008- January 2009.This place blows and I absolutely hated living here.The units are outdated, dark, and depressing.  If you live on the first floor you have no wall on your patio, aka no privacy. Kitchen appliances were terrible, carpet was cheap and uncomfortable. If you don't have a washer dryer in your unit, there's only one public laundry room that had 4 washers and 4 dryers, for like 800 people. The PARKING. UGH!!! The worst. If you live here, you only get one assigned covered parking space. Mind you, there are only about 12 "free" parking spaces. So, if you have a roommate, you guys are screwed. If you want to have friends over, tell them to get a ride or take the bus! When we moved out, we were charged $900 for "damaged carpet". We never had pets, weren't smokers, maybe had 2 or 3 stains on the carpet. $900, what a scam! Had we known we would've replaced it ourselves before moving out for half the price! When we tried to inquire as to what the damage was they wouldn't return our calls or speak to us about it. They also have a pretty open pet policy, No weight restrictions, so I was basically always stepping in huskey shit. Not their fault if people don't clean up after their dogs, I understand, but honestly this must be one of the only complex's in Scottsdale that doesn't have weight restrictions for pets. Which sounds like a good thing? Maybe to people that are cruel and think it's okay to have one or  more 50+ pound dogs in a tiny space. I however think if you have large dogs you should live, I dunno, in a house? Maybe one with a back yard?The only reason to live here is because it's somewhat cheap. This place made me never want to live in apartments ever again, and I haven't since.
2	Dumb.The one saving grace: Location. Close to Old Town, close to the bike trail, walking distance to Sunflower Market and the Coffee Bean. The price for the location would be good too...If not for what a dismal place it is.I moved in last summer. I would have looked for a better place but I needed to get out of my grandparent's house, like, yesterday and my income was pretty laughable at the time. So away I went.My small one-bedroom had ample kitchen storage and space, which I liked, but the stove was old and dismal and the drawers (rickety and wouldn't open and shut easily) were tacky like they had just been painted...and stayed that way for about a month.My bathroom vent had weird build-up in it that sprayed out into my sink. Not a huge amount, but it seemed as if the AC had been turned off for a few months, so black gunk built up and collected in the sink. It grossed me out and didn't fully go away for about a month and a half.Oh hey, another pro: There was good closet space with built-in organizers. Hooray?I honestly laughed out loud when I saw the picture of the gym on here. RIGHT. The DIM, hard-to-find gym had two ellipticals and two treadmills and a measly weight machine and THAT'S IT. No air conditioning, no TV or radio, no water fountain. Seriously.Some of the office personnel was nice, but some acted downright offending that I would come in for any reason. I remember I once walked to the office with my laundry because I had to load my pre-pay card (annoying, why isn't this machine in the laundry room?) at about 10 minutes before the office opened. I could see two employees sitting in there, talking, looking at me, discussing their latest attempts at Kardashianesque shit-ton smokey-eye makeup (good job, ladies, a clean and natural look on a fucking Sunday morning) and clearly trying to avoid eye contact. When I finally convinced one I just needed to get my goddamned laundry done, I was treated like a third class citizen.I've also walked in for some questions with no one in the main room, and could clearly hear people talking (not about work) in the offices...And sat. And sat. And sat. And sat. And left. Good customer services.What REALLY bothered me though, were my move-out charges. I BARELY lived in this apartment. From December to the end of my lease I probably stayed there one night a month average. Some boxes were never unpacked and sat in the corner. I don't smoke and didn't stain anything. My shower curtain bled some onto the tub. I was charged over $300 for that. I read reviews that they'll try to nickle and dime you on the move-out charges, and sweet Jesus did they. I ended up paying them on top of my deposit and pro-rated money I was SUPPOSED to get back for my lease being up before the end of the month. I'm just glad to be done with them.
2	Good price for the location;however it's definitely outdated and appliances are extremely old.. Maintenance people fix things quick but some fixes are sub par.. My neighbor and good friend continue to have water intrusion in there home when it rains hard. They have to have their carpet padding replaced multiple times because of water coming in from under the building. I work for a property management company myself and this half fixed issue is something that I'm not impressed with. Also, every year they increase rent, they don't work with you on price and don't seem to care about good paying tenants (Like myself). They are too corporate and only care about the money and not the longevity of good on time paying tenancy.. The only reasons I stay is because the location and price is good, but also because I hate moving around. I anticipate that rent will continue to go up and well over what other nearing apartments properties have to offer. This would mean that I probably have only another year or two left before rents over $1000 for a two bedroom... One good thing is that the staff is nice and friendly but supposedly Equity Residential (managing/owning company) doesn't give their property managers enough power to work with their tenants. It's unfortunate really because I would imagine that companies would rather have long term on time paying tenants and negotiate on rental amounts and try to weed out the consistent late or non paying tenants. Keep in mind that no utilities are included..Hope to see some change in Equity Residential but because of how corporate they are, I highly don't think that this will happen..
2	Review based on experience during 2009-2010.Tour this place LAST on your list. They had a same-day signing offer that waives several fees if you sign up on the spot. Very upsetting if you're a smart consumer who actually shops around. That should have been the biggest red flag...Once they get you in the door, they forget about you. I walked in a week after I signed my lease to say hi to the front office ladies. They literally thought I was someone else and didn't remember me at all. Embarrassing for me, then. Embarrassing for them, now.Next, if you want DirecTV or Dish Network, be sure to mention that up front. Not all of the buildings will let you put up a new satellite. If your patio is south facing, you're out of luck. DirecTV dishes need to be north-facing. And, it's infuriating when other people have those services, but you can't because the roof is too full. The only "upside" is that you don't have to pay for a cancellation fee if your apartment inhibits you from a new installation.Our inconsiderate neighbors below us would chain smoke constantly on their patio. The way the rooms are set up, the smoke would billow straight into our apartment if we kept the patio door or bedroom window open. It sounds petty, but it happened a lot. The front office didn't care. They told us to settle it ourselves. They wouldn't do anything because "you can do whatever you want on your patio." My roommate threatened to cook meth. They didn't think that was funny.My iPod and radar detector were stolen out of my car parked in front of my apartment. The hot tub outside didn't work for four straight months despite frequent maintenance requests. The remote control rarely worked on the front security gates lending to long lines of angry drunk people trying to get home at 3am.The ONLY reason I give this place two stars is because of the location, location, location and price. That was two years ago. With the prices now, I wouldn't give it a second glance.
2	I lived here from 2008-2010 and did genuinely enjoy my experience with the apartment itself.  The building is old construction which was nice because I didn't have an issue hearing my neighbors.  Also didn't have a big issue with the heat/cold as the place was well insulated.  The location is also great as you are close to Old Town and the 101.The issues I did have were with the management company.  Rent is due by the 2nd and HAS to be paid online.  The office doesn't tell you that it has to be paid by 12 AM Central Standard time otherwise you will get a $50 late charge.  I incurred a late charge and asked the office to reverse it since I had paid rent on time but was told since it was paid at 12:05 AM on the 3rd CST, they would not reverse the charges.  At first when I moved in there were around 4 washers/dryers for 40 units.  The laundry room was remodeled and the washer/dryers were reduced down to 2 units each.  The explanation was that the new models were "higher efficiency" and would be much faster but just because the wash cycle is faster doesn't mean your neighbor will be courteous and remove their laundry on time.  The worst part was I had someone steal my underwear on 3 separate occasions.  When I called the office to report it I was told "maybe you should just stay with your laundry so that people don't steal your personal items."  It was only after the 3rd time that I filed a police report and found out that the SDPD had had SEVERAL complaints about this issue and the office chose to over look them.   I also had issues with people parking in my assigned space and even had a glove box full of "nasty grams" to put on the offenders windshield.  One time I called the # listed on the carport to have the car towed and was told I needed a special "code" to have them come out.  I called the office and asked for the code and was told they don't give that out to residents but I could call during office hours and they would be happy to help with my parking issue.  I explained it was happening at 11 PM and the office wasn't open but was told to just find an uncovered spot to park in.The kicker was when I moved out.  I had lived in the apartment for 2 years and did my best on upkeep.  Once I moved out I got a bill saying I owed them $200 over other $200 refundable deposit I had put down when I moved in.  I asked for an itemized list of what I was charged for and found out I was charged $180 to repaint my 500 sq foot apartment which I found odd since there were no holes in the wall nor had I made any paint color changes.  Was also charged to replace the carpet which was funny because it wasn't new when I moved in, just shampooed.Oh yeah, dumpster divers totally true.  Happened at least once a week
1	I lived here a few years back, and I would not recommend it. The area is decent but the complex itself is pretty bad. Good luck finding parking on weekends for guests, it's non existent. I had the misfortune of needing to use the laundromat, the facility was gross. You needed to load money on to a card to use it, if the office was closed you were out of luck. I had terrible neighbors, a pothead below who would just freak out and break stuff for no reason. The guy next to me was no better; his deranged girlfriend broke in to his place. This is what it was like. Avoid at all costs.
