3	Closest thing to Taco Truck style.. I love the small tortillas and little scoop of meat, where it takes like 2 bites and off to the next one. I can eat these like potato chips!Carne Asada: has got that authentic mexican beef marinated flavor, undoubtely savory in every way but ilve had much better!Carnitas: quite impressive (I may just really like pork), again authentic mexican pork cooking.. I can definitely vouch for this place and its cheap! I think wednesdays they have 50 cents taco special too.
2	Honestly I really wanted to like this place. I think the retro building looks great from outside. Inside is another story. The both times I've been here everything feels dirty and greasy, which makes me wonder how clean their food prep area is. On top of that, the people always seem annoyed behind the counter. It's a bit of a hostile environment. They also have never really gotten my order right and really don't seem to care too much about it. The food in actuality, honestly, isn't that bad, but not worth putting up with all the other stuff. I've seen other people walk out since they weren't getting the time of day there....I think this place with a new, better management could be a success. Especially since this place is 24hrs, which is a big plus for me.
2	yuck. be afraid, be very afraid. to be fair, they had lots of cool toppings stocked at the bar and my chicken quesadilla was good and had quality cheese, but it was also a freakin quesadilla. my poor friend, who was visiting from france, lol, tried the menudo--it was literally topped with a 1 inch layer of water and looked as tough as a bull's asscheek. the decor is diner-meets-out of business motel(equipped with deceiving signs about its rich historical legacy, blablabla). You can't just screw up menudo at a mexican place. I highly recommend El Sombrero Cafe on south main street(if you haven't been there and feel a drift of mexican fever, get in the your car ASAP).
5	I am basing this review strictly on their "CARNE ASADA BURRITO". I've been frequenting this place for years. I've tried the other Tacos Mexico chains around town, but for some reason the one on the EASTCYDE tastes better to me. I'm probably just trippin.Located on Maryland Parkway and Charleston blvd.  Grimy. You gotta love it. These folks are open 24/7. Late night grinds are great here, but use the buddy system.Now back to said subject...Oh their CARNE ASADA BURRITO... I remember when this beast was less than $5.00.  This burrito to me has stolen my heart. I've tried other burritos at other joints.  They were all very good, but I find myself comparing them to the Tacos Mexico CARNE ASADA BURRITO on Charleston and Maryland.  A perfect combination of beans, Spanish rice, onions, and asada. Always comes out solid and greaseless. I always opt for Chile for that extra kick, and then I dump their red hot sauce all over that thing. The girth of this burrito will make you blush!!!Till this day, I will always support Tacos Mexico's carne asada burrito. EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
4	I've only tried the bean burritos and they are delicious and HUGE! Half will fill you up! Open 24 hour and polite staff.
2	Better than the one down Sahara, but this location is horrible. Or at least don't show up at night. My whole night got ruined because I came here. Right now I'm pissed because of the stupid ass ghetto people around this area. They ruin the fucking mood when you walk into a Mexican taco place. They just come in and bother everyone and scream and shout. Shit man... If I ever come back I am getting it to go. Fuck this place and fuck all the other Tacos Mexico I am going somewhere else. Oh yeah for the record the Carne asada was kinda burnt. The lengua was good. The rick was dry but the frijoles were real good.
4	Went here while my sister was getting a tattoo a few blocks down. Pretty ghetto area but delicious tacos. We went with the standard asada tacos and they were the perfect little palm-sized munchies overstuffed with steak, white onion and cilantro
3	This place is not in the best neighborhood, but the people are harmless. A few friends and I rode our bikes downtown for some drinks and we stopped here on the way home. We were actually trying to go to the Mexican food truck that is usually parked nearby, but it was pulling away as we rode up to it. So we rode our bikes back up to Tacos Mexico. Sure there were some weirdos lingering around this place, but nothing too crazy. Great place to grab some tacos or etc on your way home. We weren't the only ones grabbing food, there seem to be quite a few with the same idea. I got my usual carne asada tacos and they were really good. Soft corn tortillas are my favorite way to have tacos. I love that they are open 24 hrs. Staff is pretty friendly.Pro Tip: The salsa stand has really small 1 oz. portion cups , but you can ask for bigger ones behind the counter.
3	I have been coming to this place since the mid 90's probably around the time that some of these other reviewers were in diapers so I know what I'm talking about with this place.  We once challenged our good friend to eat 10 brain tacos and he took the challenge.  My other friend eats the lengua and that's the taco that tastes you back my friend, I eat the bean and rice burrito and can say that it's good,  the salsa bar is nice with the little cups and I do recommend the red sauce.  The neighborhood is typical east side so nothing to worry about, years back there was a guy that just sat in the booth and sold bootleg Spanish cassette tapes of Mexican corridas music You can her horchata and it's a great place because it's 24 hours
1	I've been a taco Mexico customer for 3 1/2 years and the tropicana location was my favorite, so when I saw this location on charleston I was excited..... Till I walked inn was not greeted and felt humiliated when the cashier tried to explain to me about drinks.. We all know what Jamaica is of coarse and she was rude, management was just the same when I tried to ask about how come there Asada taco almost tried to kill me when I choke on the hard meat, when I tried to talk to a manager they only spoke in Spanish and did not look at me directly poor customer service food tasted like they just recoiled it and didn't actually make it, place is falling apart and not clean and the manager in black who spoke Spanish to her cashier told her not to give me her name because I have no need to have her name and then tell her to tell me her name is Maria...... I am Hispanic and not rude I was calm about very thing but the  staff and management were completely unprofessional and I refuse to ever go back or recommend my friends and family I refuse to let anyone eat at this establishment that does not know how to properly cook good Mexican food!
3	So good so delicious the Carne asada tacos delicious carne asada burritos huge . The only thing I was disappointed in..  Was that you have to pay extra for a refill .  Salsa needs to be more spicy.  The place is clean.
1	By far the worst establishment I have ever been in to eat tscos.  The meat was overcooked.  The place dirty and the customer service a joke.  Would not recommend this place.  Recommend the one on sahara.  Unfortunately the on trop has closed.  Stay away from this location.
