4	I've really liked living in my community for the last year and half. I debated on renewing my lease in September, due to a rental increase; you'd think with the economy the way it is, they would have kept it the same or lowered it with me renewing but that wasn't so much the case.To alleviate the mess and hassle of moving, I went ahead and renewed. The maintence guy, whom I feel awful for not remembering his name right now has ALWAYS been prompt to fix anything or service any issues that may have came up (which are few and far between), just an occasional filter change, lights swapped out that I couldn't reach, etc.My place was newly upgraded on my move in, so I have stainless steel fridge, flat top stove, cherry cabinets and wood floors in both my bathroom and kitchen. I also have a nice fireplace, a roman sized tub as well as a walk in closet that is amazing for all my clothes. I really do love the community as it's super quiet, fairly young overall,clean and the management has always been very nice and helpful. Just hope they don't decide to raise the rent again, as it may push  me to actually move the 3rd time around.
3	I am just getting ready to move from Sonoran Vista.  I have lived here approximately 13 months.  I have been fairly happy.  The office and maintenance staff are great.  The apartments are well done and spacious.  (I live in a remodeled unit - I do not think the non-remodeled units are quite as nice.)  The apartment features granite countertops and new stainless steel appliances.  The floors in the bathrooms and kitchen are a very nice, dark wood.  The layout (2 bedroom & 2 bath) feels more like a home than an apartment.I have three major complaints about this apartment: the parking, the noise and the rent.  Every apartment gets one covered parking space.  There are VERY FEW guest parking spots.  The staff does not regulate parking well, and allows guests to park in the entrance to the complex almost to the point that you cannot get in or out.  It is a major issue.  Also - people treat the complex parking lot like the Indy 500 racetrack.  Even with speed bumps, people go 40 mph+ and the streets within the complex are very narrow and winding.My second complaint is the noise.  I have not heard one peep from any of the neighboring apartments.  However, you can almost hear a pin drop outside.  As I'm sitting here writing this review, I just heard my neighbor in the next building around 25 feet away sneeze.  And all my windows are closed!  It is seriously loud, and I routinely wake up several times a night due to the noise.My last complaint: the rent.  It was OK for my first year.  However when I got my renewal notice, my rent went up over 10%!  Seriously?!?!?!  That is how you treat your renters???  I have never been late, missed a rent payment, received any complaints, etc.  I'm your ideal customer, and you are really going to gouge me by 10%!  $1200 per month was pushing it.... $1330 (not including pet rent), is just WAY too much for North Scottsdale.I hope this review helps!
5	First time posting a review but this place is worth my time and effort. Sonoran Vista apartments in North Scottsdale is by far the best experience I have had in Scottsdale apartment living. Customer service is their commitment to their renters! Marcia the leasing manager helped me make the return transition from Denmark a total success. Brett and Derrick in maintenance, fix any and all concerns with speed and a smile! I have the split floor plan with two (surprisingly) large master bedrooms and two baths. The complex is clean, well maintained, and quiet. No bugs, no rodents, no fear!  The only downside for me is the beige colors (which the majority loves) and that I could easily fix by painting. I highly recommended anyone who is looking to stop here first and your search will end!
