1	This hotel is gross. There is a sign in the lobby that states they have a 94 sanitation rating, but my husband and I would never have believed that. The hotel looked run down, unkempt, dirty, and like the kind of place that could be reserved by the hour. We were on the first floor and had to walk by the laundry room to get to our room. The door to the laundry room was always open and unpleasant smells were wafting all over. There were  multiple stains in the carpet and the door across the hall from us looked like it had been kicked in - there were paint shards all over the floor from where it had obviously been kicked off the door. The lobby was very unkempt, with chunks of wall and ceiling missing and an overall dirty feeling. It also took a ridiculously long time to check in and out.The room felt dirty, there were cigarette burns in the nightstands of our nonsmoking room, there was no comforter on the bed, and I was afraid of what I'd find on the sheets if I looked closely. There was no remote when we got there and after requesting one, it still didn't work. We had to have a maintenance guy come to our room. The bathroom looked clean enough, but we didn't spend a lot of time in there. Husband went to find an ice machine, the sole of which is located on the 3rd floor, and was so sketched out by the elevator that he took the stairs down, which were no better. He said he felt as though he'd turn come down a flight and find someone peeing in the corner.There were lots of loud noises while we were there: banging, yelling, door slamming, etc. We were planning to partake in the free continental breakfast, but after experiencing the overall "ickiness" of the hotel, we decided to pass. As we were checking out, another guest came to the front desk to inform the staff that the orange juice was coming out as water. We ate breakfast at Mattie's Diner instead and it it was delicious. I will never stay at a Baymont hotel again.
1	Avoid this hotel.  The rooms and hallways felt somewhere between cheap dormitory and prison.  Walls are not very soundproof, I heard yelling in the next room until 4 am.  The overall feel is dirty, in spite of the sanitation score listed in the lobby.  Did not feel safe trying the free breakfast, so I have no idea how it was.
2	Hotel was like others said old and ran down feeling.  Smelled like an old building that hadn't been used in a long time.  Wall socket had a short in it, had to wiggle the cords in the socket to get it to work.  Fire Hazard?  I think so!   On a very positive note, the bed was exceptionally good.
1	Room wouldn't heat up past about 60 degrees, which wouldn't be too bad if they gave you more than a sheet and paper thin blanket on the bed. Pretty much had to lean against the wall under the shower head to get wet with the little amount of water pressure. For $50 you get what you pay for. Also, shuttle was late twice so give yourself plenty of time to get to the airport.
1	We waited for an hour for the shuttle and ended up taking a cab because it never showed up, even when we called the front desk and she said it was "on it's way."  The hotel is run down and has a funny smell.  Room was not very clean, bed was made with new sheets but it was tough falling asleep on 30 thread count sheet.  Would not recommend it.
1	I was placed at this property because of a missed flight connection and had to stay in Charlotte overnight.  I had stayed at this property two years previously due to a similar flight issue and was pleased to be sent to this location again - until I arrived!The property has clearly undergone a change in management since my last "visit."  The quality of the property has seriously deteriorated.  The property is warn and unclean.  After checking in, I requested a wake-up call and was told that the telephone and email service of the property were down "because of the flood."  It was suggested I use the alarm clock in the room - which turned out to be broken.  The next morning when I asked what time the shuttle to the airport would be leaving, I was told that it would be delayed because "You know how the airport traffic is!"  How am I supposed to know Charlotte airport traffic when I live in Los Angeles?!
1	Was put here after I missed my connection.  Clearly, as my mom always reminds me, you get what you pay for.  After sitting at the airport last night for about half an hour waiting for the shuttle, now told that the shuttle will be 10 minutes late this morning.  That was 20 minutes ago.  Not a surprise given other comments on this place.Unpleasant stale odor?  Check.Seedy feel?  Check.Owner clearly milking this place for every dime. The only partially redeeming quality?  Front desk associate was friendly and courteous.Thankfully, I don't plan on missing a lot of flights at CLT...
1	I booked this hotel on price line it was rated a 2 star I don't know how? The pictures looked good so I gave it a shot what a nightmare! I booked a nonsmoking king size bed and. And when I got there they said they didn't have any.  So it was late I missed my flight I was tired I noticed the security monitor on the front desk with and cameras ever where. It made me feel it was unsafe. The Indian guy at the counter was nice. So I took the elevator that was very old and missing buttons to the second floor and the second floor was scary no lights only a couple very dim. They had old furniture from other rooms in the hallway! So I finally get to my room and same thing only 2 small lights very dim the ceiling was chipping away carpet has tons of stains and the pillows were a joke. I couldn't sleep because the bugs in the bed were itching me. I checked in at midnight checked out at 6 am went to the airport hours early. I don't get why the Indian hotel owners are so cheap and dirty. The room cost me $70.00 was not worth $20 this place should be a motel. I will never ever stay at a bay mont inn again. Oh I almost forgot the shower smelled like bo (body odor)
1	I wish I could give a zero. The airline gave my family a voucher to stay here. I wish they hadn't. I would have rather slept on the airport's floor. The hotel reeks of smoke which is conducive to the fact my sheets had cigarette burns in them. Speaking of the bed, sheets are all they have. No blankets. The comforter usually folded at the end of the bed was in fact a table runner. And the heater didn't work! The front desk insisted we wait outside in the snow for the shuttle which was an hour late. They said we would miss it if not. Upon arrival, they gave us keys to an occupied room and we scared the day lights out of the poor girl inside. Just don't.
1	If I could give it ZERO stars I would. DO NOT STAY HERE UNLESS THERE IS NO OTHER OPTION. Rooms are filthy and the managers make you feel slightly uncomfortable. We saw the room and left. Kind of the scene for a thriller movie.
1	Called ahead off the North Carolina Travel coupons 1-4 people $55 night . Manager on midnight duty on the night of 3/10/14 said come in and we will work it out when we questioned the type of beds . Once there he was incompetent enough to say he had to call his manager to verify the price in the add I had handed him . I was floored when he said it was for a single room and if we wanted 2 beds it would be $79 . When I questioned the add and the common sense when it stated 1-4 people , he unbelievably said it was one bed and I said it didn't make sense 1 bed 4 people . " you can fit 4 people in a king bed " is what he said. At first wasn't sure if he was serious or joking . Very unprofessional and it was obvious it was a shake down . As I waited I notice how dirty and run down the lobby looked . It  looked more like a hooker/ drug motel . As I walked out upset I realize how a blessing it was not to stay in that place with my kids . They need to have a no star option .... Stay away don't waste your breath or time with this place.
1	I really don't understand why people would expect some grandiose experience from a place like this. No false advertising on their part! The place is gross. No doubt. I'm talking stains: Chocolate syrup? Blood? Food? Definitely. Mystery stains? Definitely. You'll find some burn holes on your "non-smoking room" blankets, not that you'll be touching those anyway. Seriously, don't. I slept on top of everything in full garb. Still didn't feel safe. Don't touch the floor either. Nonetheless, you totally get what you pay for at this place. As for the guy at the front office, he had a very pleasant disposition. He boasted at length about the shuttle service they offered, which is completely free. Derrick, the gentleman who does a kick ass job with the shuttle, is rarely informed about people who have scheduled a ride through the hotel, until roughly 30 minutes to an hour before. (He runs at every quarter past the hour.)  Mind you, he totally bucks up and does it, but come on amicable dude at the hotel, give this poor guy more than a 9 minute (!!!) heads up at 5am. So, to conclude my lengthy ramble, hotel is repulsive. Shuttle is fantastic. Tip that guy.
1	The best part about this hotel is that I get to rate it one star, which helps even out my Yelp profile as I had way too many four and five star reviews and was starting to look like a nice person.This is the worst hotel I've seen in the past fifteen years... And that counts inner city gems in New Delhi, Kabul and Cusco. US Airways (another one star review) made me miss my connection by exactly two minutes (I was running up as they were closing the door) and then informed me I couldn't stay in the airport and gave me a number to call to get a discounted room. Two hours on hold and seventy dollars later, I take the shuttle to the Baymont and experience the horrors. After receiving several of those looks that make my 'woman traveling alone' spidey senses fire off, I rode the Guantanamo Bay hotbox of an elevator up to the second floor, musing how the hallway carpet had the same tack to it as a theater floor after several matinee showings of a children's movie. Things got better as I opened my door and was greeting by a wall of endocrine system altering air 'freshener.' The carpet here appeared to have the consistency of the AstroTurf lining a South Jersey motel pool and black marks and dents covered the walls.  Turning to shut the door, I issued a bitter laugh after noting the door chain and no receiver to slide it in to. Rather than deal with a room reassignment, I wedged a chair under the door handle and removed the stained comforter with the alacrity of a stage performer pulling a tablecloth from under Steuben crystal. Inspecting the sheets, I elected to sleep on top of the fitted sheet and under the large scarf I travel with for such instances. The ultimate affront occurred after I plugged my phone charger into the wall and turned to set the phone down on the night stand, pausing in a stomach churning frozen stance after seeing the wasteland that was not one, but both bedside tables. What appeared to be greasy, sticky, smeared handprints covered both... as well as the headboard. I winced, put the phone on the bed next to me and stretched out crosswise, trying to split the difference between the foot of the bed and the headboard of horrors. The night continued. At approximately 3:30 AM, someone slid a key into my door lock, and opened the door as far as it would go against my chair barrier. "Who are you and what are you doing?!" I yelled (with more expletives) as I sprung to the floor, contemplating using a lamp as a shillelagh. "Oh... Sorry... My bad..."  The interloper left, neglecting, of course, to shut the door fully.At 5 AM, my phone rang. "Hello?" I asked, groggily."Who is this?" Came a thickly accented voice from the other side."No, who am I talking to? You tell me first.""This is the front desk. I must know who is in this room." "I filled out your information sheet at check in, you can look at that and find out." I hung up.Breakfast featured powdered dairy creamer and stale corn flakes and fruit loops. Despite the subsidization of this hotel by the airport and US Airways, I still believe in the power of the free market and feverishly hope against hope that this place will implode back into the gaping maw from whence it emerged. Until then, don't stay there, folks!
1	Place was disgusting! Room was dirty and the maid forgot to clean it before I got in. This made me so uncomfortable!!! Not recommended
1	Yuck!!A missed flight and a coupon from us airways got me stuck in this pit. It's by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Like a previous reviewer stated, I would rather sleep on the airport floor. I can't believe us airways sends people here. I plan to avoid us airways in the future if this is considered acceptable to them. Dirty scary hotel. lots of sketchy looking young men hanging around the lobby.
