3	It's not great, but it's on the right hand side on my way to work (I hate left turns). I have to say, Starbucks has better coffee (I know, yikes, right?) but this place is simple and easy and is NOT Starbucks. The woman behind the counter was warm and friendly, they had soy milk, and it was sufficient. The decor is midwestern soccer mom (on par with Linda's on Osborn or the Gay Egg at Park Central), if not a little sterile.If there were a better independent place along Indian School between 12th st and 44th on the right hand side, I'd go there. This place is altogether unimpressive, but convenient. It's also only .50 cheaper than Lux.
3	I had a curry chicken on marble rye today for lunch today. This sandwich was tasty. It was a little small but very fresh. The Coffee Lady is very close to my wife's work. I have had coffee there but not lunch. I'll be back.
4	Simple and comfortable. Just what I need after a long weekend in Phoenix. I love the fact that they always have a smile waiting for you at the counter. This is usually my last stop on the way out of Phoenix.Did I mention they have Wifi?So it's not Starbucks, that's GOOD!Support your local businesses... Write a review!
5	I love this place!!  From the second I walked in the door, I was made to feel at home.  I received a true honest "hello" and the owner (Marie, I think) was friendly and engaging.  Prices were very reasonable and coffee was great.  (Not anything like that bitter Starbucks crud.)I needed to get some work done so I whipped out the laptop and guess what .. FREE WiFi!!  The owner definitely put some thought and effort into making this place comfortable and relaxed.  There is even a bookshelf with about 50 books and newspapers lined above.  Menu shows that they also serve sandwiches, veggie sandwiches, salads, and a light breakfast.
5	I totally agree with my fellow Yelpers.  Walking in the door to this coffee shop is like walking in the door to your favorite Aunt's house!  Marie is glad to see you, glad to meet you, and glad to help you!There isn't anything fancy about the menu, and in fact that is what is kinda cool: where else can you get a banana and peanut butter sandwich (except maybe HOME)!?  How cool is that!?And since Starbucks now is usually overcrowded and loud, I welcome the calm quiet of this coffee shop where I can concentrate and really get some work done using the free WIFI.If you support local businesses, please support this one.  It is a gem!
5	Don't you dare call the Coffe Lady Cafe a "coffee shop," and NEVER compare it to starbuck's (corporate yuck.)This is a restaurant with a full breakfast/lunch/brunch menu. They just also happen to be able to accommodate your routine morning cup, if that's all you have time for.And that morning cup is great, the BEST cup of coffee going.One more thing no other coffee shop can offer? Marie, the owner and "lady" behind the Coffee Lady Cafe name. This is the sweetest, friendliest person I've met in a long time. And she knows the meaning of "customer service."The Coffee Lady Cafe is so good, they'll get you to change your morning routine.
5	I always enjoy going here, the coffee is always great and the owner is super nice.  I always stay a little longer and chit chat with her.  In a big city,  its the people who work in small cafes like this that keep me coming back.  I love seeing the same face!
5	Have only been there once. Great atmosphere, though did not sit down.. but instead grabbed some espresso to go while waiting for pizza next door to be made. Coffee was good and strong enough - had mine with the honey offered and enjoyed it a lot. Friendly cozy neighborhood coffee shop. Will definitely stop again some time.
5	Within Walking distance from our home, so it is nice to walk over on the weekend and grab a latte or mocha.  They have the best crushed ice! They also do punch cards that you can file away on the counter.  Next time we stop in I will have to try the "Espresso Spin" Krystle recommended.  Great place to show your 'shop local' spirit.
5	I literally just came upon this coffee shop thanks to Yelp!, and thank goodness.  I've been searching for an amazing cup of coffee and I found it.I'm pretty sure the owner was the amazingly helpful and nice lady working behind the counter, (I saw her picture in an article posted on the wall). She was great.My coffee was amazing, nicely priced, and extremely fast.I will be returning and spreading the word!
5	BEST CHAI TEA LATTE EVER!!!!! Make sure to add vanilla to it and it just the perfect start to your day!!! OMG I wish it had a drive thru so I could go there more often...I would alternate between here and starbucks!!This place is so personable and its in a great location I wish it got more attention.  I can walk to it from my house and I have a couple times!!  I do not drink coffee but I am sure its fabulous!!
3	I have to respectfully disagree with e.r., as this IS a coffee shop. We went in and ordered "breakfast" which is scrambled eggs with various "toppings/mixes" and sides of bacon. In addition, we each ordered a latte (which was good). I started to worry when the gal went to the "kitchen" and I heard the microwave oven opening and closing. I thought, certainly, that the bacon was getting zapped. No, it was "breakfast"  which is "prepared" in a microwave....ick!!!!!!!Note: I use my microwave at home for one thing, and one thing only: to zap my morning coffee.Don't get me wrong--the latte's are good, and this is a good coffee house. A restaurant, on the other hand, prepares food in an oven/grill/stove. This is no restaurant!Go for the coffee, and get your breakfast somewhere with an operating kitchen...just my two cents worth...
4	i dropped in here on february 5, 2011, after hiking camelback.  i had a homerun coupon for a latte, and the coffee lady treated me like was passing out bad bills. i was apparently the second patron who'd come in that morning with the coupon, and she made a rukus that she hadn't approved  homerun to make the coupons available.owner aside, the latte was good...rich, robust, and flavorful. a food menu is available, so i may stay longer the next time, since the space is rather cozy.support your local businesses, and take your caffeine runs here.
5	Love the Spanish Latte... And if you are hungry you must try the sandwiches on wheat berry bread!!!!
2	I first discovered the Coffee Lady through a deal website.  I live down the street so I figured I'd check it out, get breakfast and coffee while getting some work done on my laptop.  The breakfast sandwich (egg, ham, cheese, on their AMAZING multi-grain toast) is one of the best I've ever had!  Coffee is so-so, wasn't very strong, but tasted good.The service is what I have an issue with.  Every time I went there (a total of 3 times) was planning on hanging out for a while.  On my second visit, as I was using my prepaid online deal thing, the Coffee Lady rang me up and I gave her cash for the small difference in price between my certificate and what I owed.  While she was getting change for the cash I gave her I slipped $3 into her tip jar (which she apparently didn't notice-but t doesn't matter anyway!)  and when she handed me 50 cents back, I put that into the tip jar too.  Awkward/uncomfortable/rude service moment next!  She scoffed and commented on how LOW my TIP was!!!  Are you kidding me???  1)  Just because you THINK someone is giving you a low tip, it is SOOOO RUDE to comment on it and try and make them feel bad about it  2) I really DID tip $3 on my coffee and breakfast sandwich and really just wanted to take my $3 right back out of the jar that second.  But I didn't.  I stayed, waited for my food, coffee and left later. 3)  If someone doesn't have extra money to tip you at a walk up coffee shop, it really isn't that big of a deal that you need to make them feel publicly shamed.  The decor is cute and home-y inside, there are plenty of tables, very unreliable wifi, good breakfast sandwich, bleh coffee and crappy service.
1	Drea, thanks for posting your experience! I completely understand, as I had a very similar experience! I went this morning to use a $10 certificate that I had purchased for $4 through a daily deal.  I usually love discovering new places this way because it gives you a chance to spend less money at a new place and decide if you like it or not. And I've made the assumption that owners are happy to see customers with a coupon because it means the marketing they chose worked and new people are coming in.  You would THINK they would want to make a good first impression. But not the Coffee Lady! I came in and ordered an egg salad sandwich. She went to her fridge to get some egg salad and said "The tuna and chicken are a lot more filling if you want that, but we are famous for our egg salad."  I wasn't sure if she wanted me to change my order, or if she was just making conversation, but it seemed like an odd statement to me and I started doubting my order, but I didn't say anything.  The next thing I heard was "Ah, this is kind of skimpy, let me add another egg."  And when I looked over, I could see that the container she had pulled out with egg salad was nearly empty, which clearly meant she was using yesterday's leftovers (as it was 8 in the morning when I came in), and I was a bit disappointed that the egg salad isn't made fresh daily. She literally peeled and added an egg right into what was left. I was just surprised at how nonchalant she was. Then I ordered a latte, since I knew I had to use up my $10. The latte was good (nothing out of the ordinary) and she was very friendly to me while making my drink. But then it came time to pay...and when I pulled out my coupon she said "Oh, one of THOSE....great, I have to start my day off with one of those, huh?" WOW! Talk about poor customer service. If you don't want to get new customers into your store at a discount, then why did you agree to the deal???  Her attitude was a total turn off...So then she added up my two items and said "OK, you're just under $10 but you do have to pay tax, which is $.84 and that doesn't include a tip either, if you care."  (and this was as I was putting a cash tip in her jar, which she did NOT deserve, and I kicked myself for doing that, though CLEARLY she is hurting if she's that upset that I'm using a coupon, and VOICING that it doesn't include the tip). Then she had the gull to inquire if I lived nearby because she wanted me as a return customer. UNBELIEVABLE. I will NEVER go to this place again. Even if they HAD the best egg salad sandwiches or coffee in town, which they DON'T (and wouldn't you know, I ended up with an egg shell in my sandwich), I wouldn't go back.  I do not like to be negative and truly do have better things to do with my time, but I don't appreciate being treated badly or differently for trying a new place on a budget.
1	My experience was nearly the exact same as the one Dana M described.  Absolutely terrible!  Except she went so far as to say that she had hoped people who used them would bring someone with them.  I was by myself....... and in restrospect, glad for it!  Wouldn't want to subject anyone to such unpleasantness.  OH, and dont' order the berry smoothie.  Mine went down the garbage disposal as it was undrinkable.
4	Your website says 'You'll feel like you've stepped into a friend's kitchen in this intimate space.' How true! While waiting for a neighboring business to open their doors on Saturday I wandered into Marie's kitchen and was truly treated like a friend! A great cup of coffee, warm conversation -- I can't wait to return w/my family for a full breakfast with specialty coffee!
5	Right around the corner from my house. It's a little independent coffee shop that serves up piping hot lattes and fresh brewed coffee. The woman the runs the place is the sweetest thing, she gave my dog cookies and even recommended a good groomer for her. She serves breakfast but I've never eaten there.There is lots of space to sit and read the paper and there is free wifi. Great little place. I'm happy to support this small, local businesses.
5	Just had breakfast here. Really good, great toast. Very affordable, also.
5	Just stopped in here for the first time. New coffee lady, Sherry, was super friendly and made a delicious dirty pumpkin chai. Great for fall! My friend got a caramel mocha latte. It was also really good and decently priced-only $3.25!
5	This place actually has a new owner now and it's been renamed the White Cup Coffee.  Either way, I like this place before, but I LOVE it now!!  Sherry has done a great job of giving the place a face lift and it feels so much more cozy and inviting on the inside.  The coffee is still stellar, and my absolute favorite place to grab a drink despite the numerous little mom and pop coffee joints in Arcadia.  If you like Chai latte's, I encourage you to try theirs... you will never order one anywhere else.  I promise you!!The customer service here is so warm and welcoming. I will sometimes stop in with my 9 month old on the way to her daycare and all the employees know her.I came in one day just before they were about to close and Sherry let me stay and get an hour of work done while she was cleaning up.She also has great interaction with her other customers and I can tell there are already a lot of regulars here.  Great place!!
4	Went 4/3/13...The place is cozy & very welcoming & so is the owner.  There is a variety of what to choose from. I had the Egg Sandwich & it was a Good size very filling.  My friend had the peanut butter w/ strawberry jelly (toasted) & that's her favorite.  I also had the Mocha Frappuccino & it was good, won't say it was the best. but it was good, but I'm still sticking to my starbucks.  I'd want to go back & try everything on the menu...drinks & food...
2	My coffee was weak. Much better coffee at other nearby places.
3	Not a bad place, coffee was above average and breakfast was good but not  spectacular, I do admit the toast was the best  and the two ladies were very friendly. I am not sure if I would go back unless I am really feeling lazy.
