5	If you have not visited Estate Treasures yet, YOU ARE MISSING OUT!  If you like the mid century modern thing, then you must get in your car and head over right now!!!  They are having a big blow out sale to get rid of stuff for a load of new stuff this week.  I purchased the cutest dining room table with chairs and hutch for under the cost of what we budgeted to just get the hutch.  Honestly, the affordability and quality of this furniture is amazing.FYI- they are closed on Mondays and Tuesdays.Shop on!
5	Wow, what a cool place! Retro and vintage furniture mostly, but all sorts of other stuff as well, including some clothes, paintings and various knick-knacks and collectibles. Thanks Nadia, for your excellent first review, which I happened to catch that same day, just as I was heading over to the general area, so I decided to stop by on my way home. I'm so glad I did - I found the coolest old bookshelf for only $60. I also picked up an end table for $12. Unbelievable prices! And so much cooler than that crappy generic euro-trash stuff I'd been thinking about buying from IKEA. Couldn't believe the great values. With the frequently rotating stock, Michael Todd's will definitely be a regular monthly stop for me.
5	If you like to wander through other people's treasures and ponder where things came from, this place is the biggity bomb! My mom, sister, and I stopped in and literally spent two hours. Now that might not sound earth shattering, but the place isn't gigantic; it's just packed to the rafters with finds from all over. In speaking to the very friendly clerk, she advised me that there are some vendor spots scattered throughout the store, but that the vast majority of items literally come from estate sales that Michael buys out. The prices are VERY reasonable and they literally have a little bit of everything - from high end designer pieces to knock offs that will give you pause. Each one of us found things we couldn't live without and I was even able to finish some of my holiday shopping for the "impossible" to please family. This place is definitely being added to my list of go to places because I'm sure their stock changes frequently. So what could possibly earn a used item store a 5-star rating? 1) Ask if they are having specials. When we were there, certain types of items were all on sale and since we were each buying armfuls, they applied a further discount on top of the total price! 2) This place doesn't have even a hint of that Goodwill/Savers smell that makes you want to breathe through your mouth. Quite the contrary, they had some lovely scented candles for sale and had samples burning throughout the store. Seriously, what more could any bargain shopper want?!!!
5	Michael Todd's is very inconspicuous. It looks like a bland old building, sometimes with a sign out by the road. My boyfriend & I found it just randomly driving around one day looking for home decorations, and decided to stop. I was thinking it would have a thrift store type feel.NO WAY!! It's totally awesome. Even if I don't walk out of Michael Todd's with something new (that is actually old), there is always plenty to gawk at. They have a variety of styles, but a lot of mod/retro style type furnishings. They have some cute vintage threads (that clothes for all you un-hepcats) as well. Evenrything is in really great condition. Sales are pretty frequent, too. The couch I'm currently sitting on was purched on sale for less than $200. It's huge, clean, vintage, and had lime green floral patterns. Way better than what I would have ended up with at IKEA (but to be fair, we have an IKEA loveseat sitting in our computer room.)Not a whole lot of parking, we usually park on the side street or behind the store.Stay classy, Michael Todd's!
5	Hooray for awesome vintage stores!  Michael Todd's is definitely one of the better vintage stores.  Everytime we drive along Camelback, and the mood strikes us, we swerve into the parking lot of this place, sometimes almost causing accidents.  In our effort to redo our bathroom in vintage/recycled items we stopped by here in hopes of finding some inspiration.  This time, we struck it rich.  I found a beautiful vintage French mirror here, and the quality of the mirror is still pretty good.  It only cost like 30 bucks!  Other places, ahem, Melrose Vintage, this exact mirror would cost me about 100 bucks.  This store has a great assortment of furniture, clothing, and knick knacks to suit everyone's taste.  Even if I don't buy anything, I always walk out with a smile on my face.
5	Holy cow, I love this place!  It's a little difficult to find cuz it sits on a random corner, but you can find it by the colorful display in the windows.  Michael Todd's has such friendly staff and really great furnishings for really great prices.  I am currently in the market for an armchair, which I saw here back in December that I didn't get cuz I just can't buy furniture without having to think about it for a few weeks.  (it's a problem.  i'm aware.)  When I went back there today, as expected, the chair was no longer around, so I asked the staff about it.  They were quick to know which armchair I was asking about, and they said they would look into getting more.  Awesome!  The prices here are really awesome, too.  For example, that chair that I'm interested in?  With tax included, the price would have been $248.  Nice.  Aside from furniture, they also have artwork created by one of the owners of the store, mirrors, lighting, and some bedding.  Even if you're not in the market for anything in specific, Michael Todd's is worth a meandering.  Go check out this great local shop.  Why?  Because it's great! (and clean, btw.  VERY nicely arranged store.)
5	: ( Sadly the economy has taken this one from us. There is another re-incarnation there each weekend, but it has a different focus. MT Estate Treasures will be missed from Central Phoenix. There website lists two east valley retail spots, so if you are looking for their unique finds, give them a call and get current details.
3	So sad.  Michael Todd's is no longer at this location.  There is still some Michael Todd-sh furniture that shows at this location, but it's somehow not the same.  I still go kind of on a bi-weekly basis to check out some pieces, but I haven't found as many that I've liked.  Maybe just coincidence, though...
