5	First and foremost, Eva is an amazing instructor and just awesome all around.  She really makes the classes fun!I've been here twice now for Zumba classes and what a fun way to burn some calories!  Prices are very reasonable too.  Apparently, a lot of people are fanatical about Zumba and judging by how many girls seem to know every Zumba move before Eva even breaks it down, some of those fanatics frequent Zspot.  Full Disclosure:  I am a Zumba novice.  Even though I have gone through a heavy Tae Bo and Insanity phase, Zumba somehow missed me.  I may be late to the bandwagon, but Zumba is sooo much fun!  Unlike Insanity, when I go to this class, I have fun and don't really think about the fact that I am sweating like a fat man.  If you are worried about looking stupid, don't worry.  You can stand next to me.  I Zumba like Phoebe from Friends runs.
5	The Z Spot is the place to go for your cardio workout! Come dance with Eva and the rest of us to great music and awesome dance moves! What a way to burn calories- just fun dancing away. I was blown away with the space to dance and amazing sound system. Lovin-it! Angie
5	I love this place. The Zumba classes are awesome and the Power Flow class is amazing. All the Zumba instructors are fun. Me, my husband and son are constantly going to classes. The Zumbatomic class for kids is excellent and I highly recommended. The Z Spot is worth every penny. Please come and join Eva and the other instructors at the studio you won't regret it!!!! Thank You Eva!!!!!!!!
5	The Z Spot is home to, hands-down, the best Zumba instructors in Las Vegas!!!Co-owners Eva and Carrie are so friendly and wonderful to deal with! I've Zumba'd with them since 2008--Carrie as a fellow class-taker and Eva as our AWESOME instructor--and i can honestly say that having them open up the Z Spot has been a total life changer for me! Beyond helping me achieve some of my lifestyle goals - getting fit/finding balance, Eva has been a great friend and inspiration in how she devotes herself to her craft. By pouring love into every step and move, she allows me to find myself and at the same time, get lost in a moment of pure creative abandonment.I am a Z Spot regular and I take classes from 3 out of the 5 main instructors on a weekly basis (I would take classes from all 5 if my schedule permitted). The studio and staff is always very welcoming.  The Z Spot boasts a large space for beginners and experts alike-any and all are welcome!!! They even have classes for kids (which my 6 year old LOVES)!And if fun, choreographed dance moves aren't your thing, The Z Spot also has a "Power Flow" class that may be more to your liking. It's a combination of pilates/yoga/low-impact/light-cardio with little bits of bootcamp just waiting to kick your butt into shape!Bottom line - check it out....you won't regret it...even if you're just a little curious...first class is $5....can't beat that. No video or impersonal gym will be as fun or as motivating...I promise! And yes, this is my first review EVER anywhere for anything which just goes to show how strongly and deeply I feel about The Z Spot, Eva, Carrie, and the rest of The Z Spot family. PS - Farrah, one of the beautiful and awesome instructors at The Z Spot, also sells Zumba athletic-wear there. Both she and the clothing-line are fun, hip, and totally worth checking out as well!!!
5	Great place to zumba!!!Awesome instructor & guest instructor.Total body workout. Will definitely come back when we return next year. Only downside, they were closed on Thanksgiving & the day after. If I was at home I would've had a workout on those two days. Maybe next year they will be open on those two days.Have already told my fellow zumba friends about this place.
5	I am that friend that you don't want as a workout partner. I'm lazy and flaky and a notorious couch potato. What that said, it took months of persuasion from my friends to make me try Zumba at Z Spot. I had never tried Zumba before so I was pleasantly surprised by how much fun it is to dance and get a good sweat! The instructor and owner Eva is like the Energizer Bunny. She breaks down the moves and (what I appreciate most) is that she doesn't call out or draw attention to folks who are rhythmically challenged (like me)! The first class is $5 and you can sign up for unlimited classes or on a drop in basis. Don't get me wrong, I still prefer my couch potato status. But you don't have to drag me kicking and screaming to Z Spot because I actually have fun!
5	I took a class here with Farrah and she was AH-MAZING!  My hips didn't move like hers but WHO CARES! I had fun and even got a sweat. I didn't care about how I looked because the energy in that room is awesome. I love all the mirrors and lights.  The owner is super nice as well. She makes you feel welcomed. The first class is $5 if you want to try them out. I would recommend this over any other Zumba classes at the other gyms. There is no comparison. I plan on joining after my gym membership expires. I think I saw a discounted membership through Groupon or Living Social if you wanted to check them out.
5	The studio space is amazing with a HUGE dancefloor and bumpin sound system-- class felt like a party! The instructors are great at what they do and its so apparent how much they love it. I could pick up the dances on my first class and definitely got better with every class I took! My favorite thing about the Z Spot is how friendly and fun everyone is. I never felt self conscious here --even in my first class-- because Eva and Farrah make it all about having fun and really letting your inhibitions go. You dont even notice how great of a workout you're getting!
5	I just took a class at the z spot and it was so much fun! Amazing class and even more amazing instructor! Great current music with fun routines. Friendly staff. Great studio. I will go back and bring friends! I just joined yelp now so that I could rant and rave about this place! My daughter (5) took a Zumba class for kids at the same time and came out of the class saying that she had so much fun and she wanted to go again! I have attended several Zumba classes and this was by far the best! Nice work z spot!
5	I followed Farrah from the YMCA because she is one of the BEST Zumba instructors to teach Zumba! The studio is beautiful. The sound system is great. It is the ONLY Zumba  studio in Las Vegas. It isn't a gym. It isn't a pilates studio.  It IS ad Zumba studio! It's easy to get to you; adjacent to 215. Plenty of FREE parking!
5	I love taking the Zumba classes. They are so much fun!!! Eva and Roman Angel are awesome instructors!!! It doesn't matter that you are a newbie...just jump right in and start learning the steps...lol. Everybody is always so friendly..can't wait for next class already!!
5	Love taking classes here!! Been looking for a fun way to get in some exercise and have not had to look any further.  Eva, Ramon Angel, and Gwenda Hanson are great instructors.  The great thing is you don't have to be an expert just move to the music and have fun!! Always ready for the next class :) just try one class and you'll be addicted!!
5	Great place! Zumba rocks here! Everyone is friendly, and the studio is located in a new and clean area.
5	My coworkers and are I challenging and motivating each other to get fit for this summer.  We are all now hooked on Eva's Zumba class on Tuesday evenings.  It completely feels like a dance party, and NOT a boring gym workout!  Come for great music, amazing and inspiring instructors and a fun, heart-pumping workout!I Heart the Z Spot!
5	I got a great workout!! Eva was amazing, I could hardly keep up being it was my first zumba class there. But she made working out fun!!!
5	Wow! Fun spot, they keep lights dark like a club when in class so you're not self conscious, which helps not worry about missing steps.   The energy is amazing, the music is great, and it's an awesome work out.
5	The lady at the front desk (Carrie) was so very helpful and friendly.Our instructor - Eva was patient, fun, helpful and FULL of energy.  Exactly what you need when trying to get back into shape.  I LOVE this place and will go back!  Only wish it weren't so far from my house, but still a good location due to the 215.
5	Skip the gym!  Go straight to Z Spot!  Eva is awesome.  It's so fun, the hour zooms by.  It doesn't feel like a workout, just a fun dance party!  For all ages and skill levels.  You WON'T feel out of place here.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 8/100Wonderful, spacious studio with windows that go all the way up to the ceilings, sun seeping in graciously, and a platform for our zumba instructor to take the spotlight and take us for a nice calorie burning ride. Granted I tend to do my own aerobics at home, I still find it a pleasant experience whenever I take myself out for a zumba class. The studio fit about 40-50 ladies in and besides being able to watch our instructor's every move, we also get to see ourselves in the mirror. My first experience was actually intended as a birthday treat for one of my friends. Remembering that one her goals for this year was to eat healthier and stay fit, I thought maybe a dessert treat wasn't the best idea. We got ourselves geared up with leg warmers - 80s style! - and joined in on the great selection of dance tunes. Don't worry too much if dancing's not your thing, the instructor will guide you well through it all with repetitive moves that include cha cha, grapevines, pony etc., steps that get you pumped up within minutes of starting. If it's your first time, expect to get really sore around the thigh area the next day. Then come back and do some more!Yelp has a $35 for $50 deal going on for 10 zumba class, making it $6.50 less per class compared to the regular $10 charge. Be sure to take some extra clothes with you, lots of water, a towel and a workout buddy. It makes things way more fun.
5	Had a great time Angel makes working out fun. Eva was too kind...can't wait to go back.
5	Zumba is the only workout that can really get me to actually go to it. I looked for a Zumba place when I moved to Vegas and am so glad I found this one. It's a place where you'll have a great workout, but not feel like you're being judged.All of the classes are fun, and you leave feeling like you really did get a good workout. I've been to a couple different classes, and Zumba with Eva is definitely the best. She's energetic, easy to follow, and picks the best music.I bought a great Yelp deal ($35 for 10 classes!), and it was the perfect amount of classes for my three month stay in Vegas.I'm moving from Vegas next week and know I'll never find a Zumba place as great as this one!
5	Zumba Fitness has changed my life. The first class I ever took, I did one song and had to quit. Many classes and -100lb+ later, I found myself licensed to teach Zumba myself! Since having moved across the country to Las Vegas, I no longer instruct..in fact for nearly the first year I lived here, I went from class to class, gym to gym, trying to find a place that felt like home. There is some amazing talent in Las Vegas, but once I walked into The Z Spot for the first time, and took one of Eva's classes, I knew I would search no further. My Zumba withdrawal finally came to an end! I live in the far NW part of the valley, and drive 30 minutes to get here, but it is completely worth it!Carrie, Eva, and the rest of the team are very welcoming and friendly. The studio itself is adorable - I LOVE the Betsey Johnson prints everywhere. The stage and mirrors make it easy to see the instructor from most points in the room (pro tip: classes are busy, for good reason, so if you want a particular spot, arrive early.) The sound system is also great, every class feels like going to a Zumba Instructor Convention - it truly is like a fitness party. I don't know how to fully convey how talented of an instructor I find Eva to be. Her non-verbal cues are outstanding, and I find she is extremely easy to follow. Her extensive dance background shows through with choreography embracing world music of all genres.If you are a Las Vegas local, or even just visiting and looking for a place to burn off last night's buffet and booze - get in your car, get a cab, ride the bus...whatever you have to do, but this is the place to come to get your sweat on, have a blast, and feel the music.
5	Just tried out the beginner's class and I am instantly hooked.  The music was amazing, and the instructor was friendly and easy to follow.  The studio is very spacious, but I appreciated the small room in which the beginner's class was held, in order to "get our feet wet".  I am excited to go back!
5	I love this place!!!! Eva is such an amazing instructor and so very easy to follow!!! The music is great!!!! Only thing I would probably want more of is some old school music.... I'm talking like El General **tu pum pum Mami** LoL Some Wisin y Yandel..... Cumbias!!! I love my Spanish music!!.  It's not a complaint though.... Like I said, her Zumba class is amazing and so much fun!!!! I am so happy I found this place!!!
5	Best Zumba in town ! So much fun , you forget your working out ! Schedule is awesome. Instructors are awesome. Studio is HUGE. Very friendly & great music ! Eva is so inspiring & keeps you motivated . This place forces me to make "me time" . It keeps you wanting more .
5	What a great kickboxing workout I had for my first visit. The music was the pounding EDC type. It was non-stop cardio without any organized water breaks.You go at your own pace and if you want to barrel through it, you can. If you feel overwhelmed, you take it down a notch but the class pace is a steady "high."The instructor comes out and interacts with students encouraging them to punch and kick harder. It's not too much but just enough to keep you motivated and make sure you're not slacking. While I was working out, my kiddo went to a Kid's Zumba class which she really enjoyed.I'll be back later this week for one of the famous adult Zumba classes. It's affordable and with the Yelp deal, it's a no brainer.
3	I love going to the Z Spot...unfortunately, I won't be able to go after I finish these 4 last visits I have....you see, I originally purchased a GroupOn to start at the Z Spot, and later when my visits were being used, purchased a Yelp coupon....both coupons were accepted....now that I"m down to a few visits left, I purchased another Yelp coupon...when I tried to redeem it, I was advised that because I had used Yelp & GroupOn in the past, they were not going to allow the Yelp coupon offer again....I advised that it would have been nice to know this before I purchased the coupon....I was advised that I should "gift" the Yelp coupon to someone....really? All my friends already go to the Z Spot.....and I wanted to continue with an additional 10 visits but this will not be honored...my question is, what if I was "gifted" a Yelp coupon? would I be able to use that? It would have been great customer service if I was advised that they don't "normally" accept additional coupons, but they would redeem it "this time" and note in my file that I was advised....but no option was given....too bad.....I really really enjoyed Zumba, all the instructors are awesome.....and its a great work out...
5	I just moved to the Summerlin area and this location is still convenient.  Off the 215 convenient location heading to there and leaving from there.  Betsey Johnson wall art at the reception area - friendly front desk.  I've taken 2 Zumba classes with two instructors and each had a different style but an intense class just the same.  Eva is the best Zumba instructor!Wood floors, high ceiling & great sound system.  Adequate privacy to parking lot. I bought only 10 classes through Groupon as a trial run.  Yearly/ Monthly membership available.Most likely I will be getting one - it's worth it since they also offer kickboxing & power flow class.  Wish they have one Sunday morning class in the future.  I love the energy and best of all,  more fun cardio than walking on treadmill or elliptical. Try one class and you are hooked. I recommend you sign up for beginners class for Zumba initially.
5	This place is amazing!!!!!! Makes me want to do zumba everyday.  I tell all my friends that I can to try it out.  After purchasing the yelp deal, I definitely thought it was worth it to purchase a membership.  Eva is the best zumba instructor.  The hour flies by and you sweat your booty off.  So much fun!!! If you're going to try zumba, you have to try The Z Spot!!!!!!!
5	so much fun!!! very welcoming and no judging..LOL.....
4	Awesome Zumba studio.  I enjoy some instructors a bit more than others, but everyone has their preference.  Owner Eva has the most energetic, fun classes.  Farrah is amazing as well.  The classes are a lot of fun and you have people of all levels in every class.  Definitely recommend if you're looking for a Zumba specific gym in the area!
5	Super fun.  Eva is high energy.  I def work up a sweat and burn off calories.  Best of all I have a blast doing it.  Yay...
5	Whenever I am in Las Vegas, I always make sure to attend one of Eva's Zumba classes.  It's super fun and a great workout!  This is definitely the spot!!
5	First time going to any type of fitness class here in Vegas and I am very glad I chose the Z Spot! Love the different classes they have. I have tried the extreme boxing and Zumba and I loved both. The Zumba was pretty easy to follow the only thing is the teacher faced us so was a little harder to learn that way unless of course you know the choreography. But it was super fun and the music was great and the teacher was amazing. Now the boxing kicked my butt it was great!!! I usually never get sore from a cardio without weight class and my whole body was sore! Definitely going to get a membership here!! Great place to have fun and workout!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!Eva's zumba classes are the best!  I don't even feel I'm working out for a full hour!  It definitely hits me after the hour is over when I find myself trying to catch my breath and drenched in sweat :)  It's seriously a dance party everytime I come here for a zumba session!  Out of all the cities and different zumba instructors I've tried, Eva is, by far, the best one!  Her energy is so out there and she really encourages everyone to just keep moving!!!  The studio is huge and accommodates a lot of people!  One of the times I went in for a zumba session, I counted over 70 people!  And it didn't feel crowded at all... that's how big the studio is!  I would recommend anyone who wants to dance up front by the stage to come early.  But really, wherever you are in the studio, you'll be able to see the stage up front.  The monitors also help if you're all the way in the back.I highly recommend this place.  Not only do they offer zumba, but they also offer kickboxing and powerflow.  I can only comment on eva's zumba classes, but I'm sure all the other instructors and the other classes are awesome as well.  I can't wait to try everything else!
5	Just did my first Zumba class with Eva! One word: AMAZING! I never knew it would be that much fun and I sweat out some stress. Awesome. Best class I've ever taken! I always think a lot about purchasing something like memberships, but I purchased my membership on the spot! So excited!!! :)
