3	This place isn't anything too special, but it isn't half bad. I had the burger & it was pretty good, but there are definitely better burgers in Charlotte for the price. Also, I had a side of seasoned fries & I don't know if it was just a bad batch, but there was way too much salt on mine. It's pretty much all I could taste on my fries. This place can be a pretty quick in & out for a lunch visit during work, & they do have a nice little patio area that's nice when you're in the shade. There are also a couple of tv's in the place so you can catch up on your daily sporting news. The employees are very friendly & the atmosphere inside seems almost food court like.So I'd recommend if you were in Ayrsley Town Center to check out Eat Here Now if you wanted a quick burger & fries to get back to work quickly. But I probably wouldn't make a trip out of my way to go here.
3	This is actually a pretty nice place, it kind of gives off that vibe that it might be a dive but it's really not.  The people are really friendly and they give really good service.  The burgers are good, I wouldn't say they were the best I've ever had, but did the job.  I think they could use some kind of seasoning on their burger patties, but that's just my opinion.  The fries are actually really good. They hand cut them and they are just very tasty.
3	This place is ok.  I kind of feel like it's a Five Guys clone.  Although the burger is a tad smaller.  But not as greasy.  Also they don't have cajun fries.  Ok so it's not exactly Five Guys, but it's still pretty good.
3	They just reopened after doing some renovations. The menu size is very surprising for what seems like the average burger joint. I think I have tried every burger there and have yet to pick a fav. The daytime bartender/ server is hot and a delight to talk to. I'm not sure I've ever had a better burger and fries. Love this place, highly recommend it!!!!FYI...Dont be afraid to ask for something specific. If you want cajun, just ask. They will meet your needs.-- UPDATE-_So much has changed here...none of the above applies anymore...Youre on your own at this point.
3	Eat Here Now is a pretty good burger place. Not the best burger i've ever had, but I will come back to try out other items on their menu. Their burgers are huge if you get the regular size and you can either pick one off the menu or make a burger however you like it. I like the fact that you can choose what kind of side you want, instead of being stuck with just fries. Their sides range from (of course) fries, to mac n cheese, to slaw (and many more sides, I just can't remember them all). I didn't like their tater tots though, they tasted old.The menu isn't limited to just burgers. I saw that they had sandwiches, quesadillas, hot dogs, and other stuff. I played it safe and ordered the build it your way burger. The burger itself was not bad. If you put on any vegetables, they are pretty fresh and the cheese doesn't taste like it's been sitting there for a while. You can sit at the bar and watch them cook your food. I also had grilled mushrooms and they had a lot of flavor to them yet it didn't over power the taste of the burger. It all blended pretty well. As for the wait, I went at 12:30pm and waited for about 10-15 minutes for my to go order. Also, the front girl was friendly but don't make her upset, she likes to voice her mood with colorful words. It's kind of funny, but at the same time, it's not good business.
4	We had everything BUT a burger here and we ALL liked what we ate.  Choose your cheeses grilled cheese (in this case Provolone, American, Cheddar Cheese) sandwich was larger than normal and toasted to perfection. Hubby and I split a not too heavy Pork BBQ wrap w/coleslaw (I asked for sauce on the side), and our favorite, the Fried Green Tomato Po'Boy, was fresh and delicious.  Personally I could do without the cheese on here so just peeled it off my portion.  The sides, onion rings, french fries and grilled veggies were healthy portions, fried and/or cooked to perfection as well.  Slightly high in price, but you get what you pay for, I understand.  They had a selection of vintage soda drinks on hand, but unfortunately didn't have the diet selection as shown in the ad.  The Cream Soda was refreshing.  We didn't have any beer but the prices were very low.
2	Met with a friend here for lunch. I'll be honest, there wasn't anything special about this place. SERVICE: was very accommodating and attentive - probably the best feature. FOOD: Got a burger, but it was nothing to write home about. I'm not a fan when I can't choose how the burger is cooked. Ordered mushrooms on it, but it came out with more onions than anything else. Was excited about the prospect of sweet potato fries, but they were pretty soggy. Wanted to get the fried green tomatoes, but they weren't available for some reason.ATMOSPHERE: Inside seemed pretty standard, but I sat outside. Just because it's out of doors doesn't mean that you shouldn't try to create some atmosphere. Setting up some tables and chairs on the sidewalk is what I call minimal effort. Get something going on out there! Music, lights, a rail, some plants... something.The price was moderate, but not really worth it for the food. Too many good places in Charlotte to spend time here again.
3	Best hot dogs in town!  Disapointed in the new hours. They are only open Fri and Sat nights now and closed on Sunday. I think its a mistake, now there usually closed when I come to the movies there.
4	If you're in the area and like burgers, definitely stop in. Good burger and good cajun fries for a great, affordable price.
3	Nice burger 'n' dog shop. OK beer selection. Ordered the Mexicali Burger "special" but there was nothing special about the burger. It was good, just not memorable. Also ordered the Fire Dogs. Good that you get 2 dogs, but still a bit pricey. It's cheaper to order the regular 2 dog plate and build your own. Good fries selection; cajun and sweet potato fries especially.Fun atmosphere. Quasi kid-friendly with a dedicated menu and free ice cream for the youngin's.My guess is Eat Here Now is tapping into the pre/post movie crowd and lunch time business crowd. Not sure I would go out of my way when there are many other burger places close by.If Eat Here Now wants to find a niche market, they should focus on hot dogs. Not too many places in CLT that offer a variety of dog selections, or create your own. Think about it.
4	I have been here twice and both times had the turkey wrap and tater tots. It's tasty and just enough to fill you up, but a few more tots would have been nice. The service is friendly and quick. Also, if you bring in a movie stub, you get 10% off your meal.
4	This is my goto lunch burger spot.  Only problem is I can only eat here once a week or I would blow up my waistline!
