3	Discovered this place yesterday by accident while exploring uptown. Just like another local fro-yo joint Yopop (mainly found in the Triangle area), this place has some very average tasting yogurt. Nothing memorable at all. Extra stars for being self serve. Cashier was very pleasant though.
4	Love this place.  No frills, nice and efficient which is what I like in a yofo place.  The best part of Yoforia though is the Dark Chocolate flavor with stevia.  super low calories and really tasty, and I love the consistency of it here, it's a little granular which is what I like.We walk up here a lot, so expect more check-ins...
3	The self service is good, though no recommended combinations (say how about a oreo sundae with peanuts and choc syrup).  The place is clean and upbeat, though the condiments did not have labels which made me have to try some to figure out what they were.  I got a nice deal for the amount of yogurt though the yogurt was bland and needed some richer flavor for being organic.  No notation of stevia (I do not enjoy stevia and only figured out that some had it based on the yelp reviews I read while eating there).  I probably would go back if the yogurt got better and they put labels on the condiments.
4	Overall pretty comparable to many other self-serve fro-yo places. However, I thought everything here was really good and really enjoyed the fact that that had Taro yogurt (Taro might not be right for you, but if it is or if you're adventurous, its delicious).
5	This is a fun location! Has great flavors I love to mix and match, and has super fun fixins I love expirimenting with! If your sweet tooth is getting the best of you, I recommend stopping in for a frozen treat.
2	While traveling to Austin for a conferee I had a strong craving for fro yo. Lucky for me there was a place within walking distance of the hotel. Compared to the fro yo I'm used to in Austin this isn't good. The flavors are basic with no creativity and the taste is just okay. The consistency when it comes out of the machine is a little weird and not smooth like I'm used to. I had the Vanilla bean and dark chocolate with PB chips, chocolate baking chips, And M&Ms...this gal loves her chocolate. There is a plus side...when I tracked the calories it was pretty low so I guess all hope wasn't lost. Although I wasn't too concerned with calories at that point...I just needed some dang on fro yo. I wasn't impressed with the two teeny bopper employees either. 1. I see you peeping from behind the machines to see if anyone just entered the store 2. It wasn't necessary to just disappear after unwillingly asking me if I needed anything. 3. Why the hell is this yogurt $.55/ounce AND why is that not posted anywhere!? In closing, I'm sure if you're from Charlotte this is great. However if fro yo is a big deal in your city like it is in mine then this is a no go.
2	So I walk in here with my sister, and since we've never been here before, I ask the girl working at the counter for some sample cups. Here's how that convo goes:Me: Hi, can we have some sample cups please? (I ask because I don't see any in plain sight)Worker: *sighs* They are over there. *hastily points to a random corner of the counter*So I look over there, and I don't see any, and I even walk over to make sure. I look at her with a confused look, and then she just stares at me and then walks away.RUDE.I don't know why we even stayed to get some yogurt after dealing with little Ms. 'Tude, but we do. So we get yogurt, and it's not even that good. I've definitely had better - in terms of the fro-yo and service.Bottom line, if you're looking for RUDE and LAZY CUSTOMER SERVICE and SO-SO yogurt, well then you should come here.
3	Perhaps I tried the wrong flavors, but the frozen yogurt wasn't creamy at all. It had a watery consistency and taste. I think that about sums up my experience.
2	This is probably hands down one of the worst fro-yos I have ever had. The consistency is off- more icy and watery than creamy for most favors except the chocolate. The chocolate is slightly creamier. When you put it in your cup, it does not hold its form and just melts to the bottom. Half of the machines were out of order when we went today. The service is also lacking. We asked for sample cups and were rudely handed 4 for 3 of us, which would be ok if we only had only wanted to sample one flavor but usually when I sample something, it is to decide between flavors.What a shame since it has such a prime location and a well-stocked toppings bar.
