5	Dr. Luster is fantastic. He has been great for the whole family. My kids let him adjust them and even my wife. She has always been a skeptic. After recovering from surgery she was struggling with pain during her morning run. Dr. Luster was able to quickly diagnose and fix the problem immediately. He loosened up a muscle and adjusted her and she was immediately feeling better. The following morning to her surprise, she was able to run pain free in contrast to the previous weeks of consistent pain. Needless to say she needed no more convincing and trusted Dr. Luster with all of her running needs especially race recovery and injury prevention.
5	I have been seen by Dr. Dan for years. He is excellent Nd spends time with his patients to give them the best care possible. He is worth the visit if you would like to be back to your "normal" self again!!
5	Great new office! Dr. Luster is amazing, he made me feel better in just a few minutes!I made the appointment because I've been suffering from migraines for decades and they were increasing in frequency and pain. Dr. Luster treated me, which gave me instant relief from a migraine. During my time with Dr. Luster, he developed a plan of treatment, gave me numerous daily exercises/stretches and he provided me with nutritional options. Every time I see Dr. Luster he proves that cares about getting me better and preventing my painful migraines. Thank you, Dr. Luster; I highly recommend you to all of my friends and family in need.  I was also pleasantly surprised with other services available at Clarity Chiropractic such as; weight loss treatments, wrinkle reduction and my personal favorite Lipo-light (I can't wait to try that!)
5	Dan is the man!
5	I had a backache in my mid back that wasn't going away.  I couldn't take full breaths.  I had to hunch a little because sitting up or walking straight hurt.  My initial thought was that since I practice yoga, I can heal myself.  I tried downward dog, plow pose, donurasana, spinal twists.  I tried hanging upside down and everything.   We've all heard stories about chiropractic.  It seems people either love them or hate them.  This was my first visit to a chiropractor, and I am a fan.         Although this guy, Danny is new to the Phoenix valley, he has been practicing in another state for a while.  He seems like he is from the mid west.  He is calm and and exudes a casual friendliness.     The office was slow or he was ready for me.  He led me to a table right away.  He took a minute to feel around as we talked about my pain.  He said it was obviously T7 based on what I was feeling in my back and it was quite common.  He said could skip the X-ray, if I wanted, since I mentioned I was price sensitive.    It didn't take long.  He adjusted me and then gave a brief massage around the area stretching the muscles around it.  He said it was important to adjust the muscles around the problem area because muscles are what holds the bones in place.  The massage was great.  Danny seems to have a massage background.  When I stood up, the pain was already gone.  As I write this review it has been 4 days and the pain has stayed away.  I did 30 miles on my bike today.  I am back to normal.  What surprises me most is that this Danny at Clarity solved my problem in probably less than 15 minutes and I don't need to go back.   I am used to doctors wanting to follow up perpetually for anther $50 visit etc....this guy seems to know he cured me and that was his intention.  He seemed to know I'd be a one time visit, he saved me the X-ray expense, anyway.  That makes it five stars in my book!  Ole!
5	Forget about the fact that office is absolutely beautiful. Forget that the staff is so accommodating. Just forget that you're in a clinic all together... Now, I am not one to go to a Chiropractor! About 15 years ago I had a Chiropractor hurt me pretty bad, and since then, if I even heard someone say they were going to a chiropractor, I was the first to say "Be Careful!"Well Dr. Luster saved my life yesterday! Seriously. I was in so much pain, I couldn't sleep, I couldn't bend over, I couldn't even drive properly. I was a mess. Ribs out of place, low back pain that wouldn't quit, and neck pain that prevented me from being able to fully rotate (How was I driving in the first place?)Last night I finally got a decent nights sleep. And today I feel like a million bucks! Do you hurt? Dr. Luster will make the hurt go away...I LOVE THIS PLACE! AND I GOT THE BEST ADJUSTMENT EVER!!!!!
5	I love Dr. Luster and his staff.  They are friendly and professional.  Dr. Luster takes the time to address your back issues.  He takes his time to give you excellent care.  Thank you!
5	This place is the greatest! My back gives me static from time to time so I go in and Dr. Luster is great about not just treating the problem, but also letting you know what to do to avoid those pains/muscle pulls/whatever in the future. I'm not smart enough to follow his sensible advice, so I need to keep going back! Someday maybe I'll learn.
5	This place is amazing from its atmosphere to its Staff!  Dr Luster truly cares about your health and he has the knowledge to help. Michelle is the best! She is like spending time with a best friend and makes you feel welcome your first time there! We love their flexibility and their willingness to make your life better.  You HAVE to give them a try!  You will not be disappointed!
5	I have been getting adjusted  by Dr. Luster for about four years now and can honestly say he is the only chiropractor I let adjust me now.  The adjustments are smooth and the time and planning he puts into your care is unlike any other.  Most Chiropractors I grew up going to would adjust you in a minute or two and be off to the next patient.  Dr. Luster actually takes the time to figure out what's causing the problem and oddly enough will even take time to chat with you and make sure you feel comfortable.  He really is a great doctor I wish more Chiropractors were more like him.  Stop, wasting time searching around trust me you'll love him.  The front desk staff is friendly and will always greet you by name which i thought was a great plus as well!
5	I received the Niacin body wrap, which was a phenomenal skin changing experience. My skin was left softer, firmer, tingly & more toned. Two weeks later my skin, paying close attention to my abdomen, is smoother & firmer. I highly recommend experiencing this wrap. Also the staff were exceptionally knowledgeable, friendly & professional.
