3	Okay - first the good news - the pizza is so good they must put CRACK in the sauce. From the cheese to the crust, to the sauce, it's good old back East style thin yet chewy crust with real, nutty mozzarella and mild yet flavorful sauce. We literally got take out of this pizza for like 3 weeks in a row on Fridays till we got tired of no delivery availability (yes - as typical Amercians, we got SO lazy that not only do we not want to COOK the dinner, we also don't want to leave the couch to get it.)Now the bad news: Mostly everything else, and especially the service. On our last visit, we had the misfortune of having a waiter named Sinjin, (I kid you not) who had to be the last Neanderthal walking around the planet. He forgot what we wanted, we reminded him, he forgot to bring things we ordered, we reminded him; he forgot who got what, forgot to refill ANY drinks, and ultmimately forgot we had a coupon even though we reminded him throughout the meal, which resulted in another 20 minute wait while he tried to retrain himself to use the cash register. (We literally saw him scratching his head over the register as though it were some foreign object ready to bite him if he pecked the keys any more aggressively).  Sinjin (and what the hell kind of a name is that anyway? We are in Arrowhead, not the freakin' British Aisles! I think Sean McLaughlin's family had a hand in naming this one) was the last straw for our dining outings to NYPD. My husband thought we should tip him SOMETHING, in hopes he would use it for a brain transplant at some time, but I insisted on leaving him a big fat ZERO with some pointed remarks about remembering at least ONE thing your diners ask of you during the course of an entire 80-dollar meal. My husband now refuses ever to set foot in there again out of sheer possible embarrassment of being known as one time Non Tippers. Sorry, but I ALWAYS tip generously when the service is good. When it's bad or nonexistent, the waitstaff needs to know it.We now get take out, and only for the actual pizza, and only I venture in there myself with my non-tipper scarlet letter emblazoned on my chest. (not really - I saw "Waiting! I use dark glasses and a Father Guido Sarducci mustache now! No pubes on MY pizza!)On other menu items here: Everything else is, well, so-so, or as my Italian grandmother would say, mezz-a-mezz (wavering  hand motion included). Take the pizza home and leave the rest of that train wreck at NYPD.
4	pricey but worth it.they delivered fast, their large was 18 sweaty inches, and because i'm in a house with 14 other people i decided that i was going to take that whole 18 inches myself. i sat back, leaned over the table, and tried to relax. I wasn't able to put the whole 18 inches away, but I was close. A new record! i was pretty sore afterward, but It's understandable. it's not every day you try to stuff 18 inches into you.
4	I like NYPD. It is good. We had a pizza with 5 toppings. 1. pep2. garlic....yeah3. onion, red4. green peppers5. roma tomatoIt was a great combo except the tomato was not very tasty. The garlic was killer. In a good way. The kids had pasta with meatballs and garlic knots. YUMMY!
4	My stomach grumbles every time I think of their cheese calzone.  Mostly because it makes me hungry thinking about it, but partially because my stomach hates me after I devour that much cheese.  And I even split that beast in half and share it with someone else!Seriously. That golden-brown top brushed with butter and garlic. That combination of mozzarella and sweet ricotta cheese...it's carb heaven.Let's not mention that I start with their spinach & artichoke dip every time.  Served with a hot crunchy/chewy pizza crust with a light layer of melted cheese and garlic.  Sprinkle some crushed red pepper on it and I would eat that entire thing myself if I could, even though it's probably meant to be an appetizer for around 4 people.The other locations I've been to in Chandler and Avondale always have more patrons, but the food is the same--I need a gurney to get out of there.
5	I've never been to this location - previously had only been to the one in Chandler - but I'll definitely be coming back when I'm in the west Valley. The food was amazing - I had a bacon calzone that was STUFFED with cheese and then cannolis for desert - and the service was excellent. They say give about 30 minutes for a calzone because they bake it fresh and to-order but I got mine in about 15. The waitress put in the wrong sauce - they ordered a white pizza, got a normal one - so the waitress gave them the messed up pizza and cannolis for free but got the ordered pizza to come out promptly in no time at all. NYPD has the best pizza I could hope for from a chain!
5	Best Pizza...within 20 miles of me.  If you love NY pizza, I mean the easy to fold and literally slides down your throat after you take a bite kinda NY pizza then this is it!  Garlic knots and calzones are 5 stars too!  If it wasn't sooo good I might say it is a little pricey but my stomach won't let my penny pinching brain go there.  Excellent for families!!
5	Okay this pizza ROCKS!  We always have to order 2 pizza's because my husband does not like my creation.  I do a double ricotta, spinach, fresh tomatoes, and it is amazing!  One time I waited a bit for the food, they were very busy and the manager came to deliver it, comped the pizza AND gave me a cert. for a free one.....seriously who does that!  Loyal customer here.  We are getting it tonight.  Sometimes they offer some good coupons in the mail, they can be pricey, but well worth it.  Wed. kids eat free.
3	Dear Yelp: Why can't there be a 3.5 star rating?  I wanted to give this place 4 stars, but will have to wait for another visit to bump it up.I have never been here before, so I consulted with my fellow Yelpers for their input.  The service was quick and prompt.  Our waitress was friendly and on top of things.  I was impressed by the selection of beer, although small, with an offering of Alaskan Amber Ale...mmmm.We decided to keep things simple this trip.  12 wings, medium flavor, one large margherita pizza with garlic on 1/2.  GOODS: I LOVE the mozzarella that they use!  I have never tasted cheese this cheesy or this good on my pizza.  NO JOKE.  The wing sauce was also delicious and they provided you with a perfect amount of sauce to cover the wings.  AND, the ranch was NOT watered down, which I am traditionally used to.BADS:  The parking lot sucks.  We had to park across the street from their main lot to find a spot.  Also, the tomatoes on the pizza were unripe.  Our pizza was soggy in the center, perhaps from the tomato juice during the cooking process, and it made for bad leftovers in the microwave the next day.So, with the combination of the both, I will definitely say that I shall return to give them another sampling in due time, and perhaps bump up that star to where I think it should be in the back of my mind.
5	Love me some hell's kitchen wings. Best wings I've had in the valley. They don't skimp on the bleu chess either. Lol.
3	Very well done pizza...its like a pizza pillow, tasty, savory and rather doughy.This is not my favorite style of pizza but nonetheless it was especially good pizza.  The service staff was top notch and the store is very warm and inviting.We will be back!
3	I came here because i found them on yelp re: gluten free pizza.pricing was pretty high but taste wasn't really high at all...It looked nice from the inside and the toppings were ok, but the pizza was lacking to say the least.I would not really go here again, unless I had nowhere else to go.
4	I love NYPD, the pizza is always awesome they have the best honey BBQ chicken wings every (they but BWW to shame).  Service is always great here as well and the location is great because it is in the NW valley with good parking.  They also deliver and I just found out yesterday that they have great lunch specials with great prices, you can get a slice of peperoni for $2.25, that is insane!
4	Their water makes the difference- really! NYPD Pizza filters their water to resemble the water from NYC. The pizza dough is unbelieveable good. They have great focaccia sandwiches with stuff baked into the bread. Every store tastes the same. Their pizza is a must have!
5	I love pizza and NYPD is my favorite.  The crust is very tasty - thin, slightly crispy, flavorful.  The sauce, cheese and toppings all taste amazing and fresh and are in perfect ratio to each other.  My favorite pizza is their Brooklyn Family (pepperoni, sausage and fresh basil - the fresh basil takes the pizza to a whole other level!).  I've never had a bad pizza from there so they are very consistent in what they produce.  I've only dined in so I can't comment about their delivery but their dine in service is very good and the place is well decorated and clean.
4	Food and service are great.  Wide variety of pizza, salads, and pasta.  My favorite pizza is Fran's Favorite.  The wings are great too.  I also recommend the Greek salad.  It's a little on the pricey side, a few drinks and a  pizza  will run you about $40 for two.  But I do love the great food, ambiance and friendly service.
4	This is the real deal.  We grew up on the East coast and if you want true NY pizza, this is the place.  Rays comes pretty close too if you need it fast.   The Chelsea salad is the bomb (add the chicken).  Everything is authentic.  Just order the standard fair - a cheese pizza or just add mushroom or peperoni.  The sandwiches and pasta are great too.
3	I finally came back because I was in the area and starving. I ended up having to wait a good 45 minutes for my gluten free pizza. They did end up comp'ing me the meal because of that. The pizza was pretty good but hard to really enjoy after the wait. The manager was super nice and came over to apologize, he even had us do a taste test for a new version gf crust (the older/current was better).I may indeed end up going back 1 day..
5	I have been here numerous times and I have to say it is one of my favorite places to eat. Every time I have stopped in all the waiters/waitresses were very polite and pretty funny. I've gone in with some real jokesters so I was pleased the staff could keep up.I definitely bring guests of mine there when I want something I know is delicious.
3	Good pizza for Arizona. Always friendly service too.
5	I signed up for Yelp just to write this. I often go to NYPD for dinner/lunch. I love their food, its delicious. But today, I had a really good experience. I ordered carryout because my house is not close enough for delivery. I arrived, got my food and left. Well, it was awfully busy and when I got home I noticed they forgot my salad I ordered. I called back, and, they offered to drive out to my house (which is not in their delivery range) and deliver me personally my forgotten salad. Soon enough, a woman was at my door, salad in hand along with a coupon for a free dessert. I honestly cannot express how kind this was. It makes me happy that I can go somewhere with good food AND extreamly good service.Thank you!
2	Pizza tastes good. But delivery is horrible. Pick it up yourself unless you want to wait 1.5 hours to eat.
4	Okay I am not a New Yorker nor have I ever been to New York but let me tell you this pizza is soooo good! If ever I was to try actual New York pizza I would imagine this is what it would taste like. I ordered the Joey's Favorite (Vegetarian) pizza and it was as tasty as can be. The dough was perfect and the toppings and cheese were all fresh. I can't wait to go back and try the calzones and hot wings. I highly recommend this place! Give it a shot!
5	Went on a busy Friday night with young kids. Pizza took a while because it was so crowded. Pizza came out a little imperfect. Although it didn't taste any different. Was comped a pizza which we didn't ask for. The staff and manager went above and beyond to make us happy. And the pizza was awesome! Will definitely be going back!
5	Both the regular and gluten free pizzas were excellent. The minestrone soup was hearty and the Asiago Chicken Ceasar was very good and filling. Excellent restaurant for Celiacs or othe gluten-free diners.
1	No place settings - had to steal from empty table.  Dough wasn't cooked all the way, cold and doughy in spots with hot toppings? Frozen pizza kinda quality. Salads were drenched in dressing to the point of soggy lettuce.
5	We love this always get great service and food is also as good.
4	I'm a huge fan of NYPD. The pizza is always delicious and tastes fresh. My favorites are "Fran's Favorite" and the "Brooklyn Family". I have no complaints about the pizza. Now, normally my wife and I start our meals with either their garlic knots or tossed antipasto. We're always satisfied with those. Tonight, we decided to try their zucchini sticks and were utterly disappointed, the breading was hard like it had been sitting out for awhile and the cold and soggy inside further confirmed that belief. Not sure if that's how the make them or if it was an off night, but it was definitely far from pleasant. Other than that, pizza was great and the service was superb.P.S. We have two "check-ins" at this particular NYPD, but we also frequent the ones in Goodyear and Gilbert.
2	Another night of ordering pizza 1 and a half hours ago, and it's still not here. I'm not sure if I should get delivery from here anymore. I ordered at 18:30 (6:30PM) right after my sons soccer practice. Now it's after 20:00(8PM) past his bedtime and we are still waiting. Can the delivery service at this location get it together!?
3	Let me start by saying I love the pizza here. Hands down my local favorite. Service? Not so much. Ordered a pizza for pick up at 5:20pm on a friday night, was told 30-35 minutes. Well its 6:20pm now and still no pizza. Manager tells me, "well, its Friday night... want a drink or something?" I just want my pizza. If they would have told me 1hr I would have come then. Now I sit in my car with hungry bored kids.
5	I have driven by NYPD pizza for years. My parents said it is their favorite pizza place, so we decided to give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in! It's a fun ambience, nice bar area, and plenty of seating. Justin was our server and the last star is for him! He made excellent recommendations and brought a few samples. He was attentive and professional.We ordered the SoHo salad which was to die for! It was fresh, right amount of dressing, served over a pizza crust. Mmmm good! My daughter had the lasagna which was also extremely good! It's a huge portion so you could split or have for lunch the next day. I ordered the Bruschetta pizza and I loved it! A nice mix of mozzarella and ricotta cheese and topped with the bruschetta. Simply delish!  I will be looking forward to visiting next time I'm in town.
4	I travel often for business, and often order a pizza for dinner.  I try not to ever order from the national chains.  I landed on NYPD pizza based on yelp reviews.  i was not disappointed.  Awesome.  And very true to real NY style pizza.  I ordered a pepperoni, sausage, feta and garlic.  every bite was perfect.  crust was soft, sauce was good, all around a great pie.  If i come this way again, I'll call again.Based on reviews, I decided to pickup.  I can see why delivery could be slow.  It was 1.5 miles from my hotel, took about 15 mins to get there at 6:30p on a thurs,  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  when i pulled up and got out of the car, the smell was amazing.  I knew i made the right choice.
5	Great food! Customer service is awesome! We were there when it was 112* out and our car broke down. The let us in and have us free drinks!  NYPD= great
5	My husband and I visited NYPD pizza yesterday. We decided on dinner there due to a groupon we had. We had a great waiter. Very friendly and didn't seem rushed. We started with the zucchini sticks for an appetizer. The pieces of zucchini were crispy and fresh. Very good. We also had the SoHo salad. It was so good! I would definitely get that again next time. It was a salad on top of a crisp like pizza crust! It had feta, almonds, bruschetta and a really good dressing. I would recommend that to everyone!! We also got a small white pizza. We were pretty full by then, so we had left overs. But that pizza was really good too. You get a choice of spinach or tomatoes on the pizza, we chose spinach. Very good!  We are always impressed with NYPD pizza and are so glad it is so close to our house!
4	There pizza was deliciously NYC style, yet there buffalo hot wings was so great.. Two appetizers were the garlic knot bread and spinach artichoke dip.
4	The food is really good and service fast and friendly.  A place I do recommend and will return to.
2	First of all,let me say that I used to love this place. Last night we did take-out. Spaghetti with Marinara,Cheese Pizza,and Garlic Knots.  It seems that take-out is not nearly as good as eat-in. The spaghetti was just fair,the pizza,meh,and the garlic knots that I used to crave,had little flavor. Not happy with NYPD at all.
4	I really like this pizza the place i pretty good I will definitely come back again for take out...The service could of been better but overall good!
5	We have been ordering pizza from NYPD for years... excellent every time!  never a disappointment like STREETS of NEW YORK.... we have had MANY bad experiences with them... but never NYPD.  Great Staff & good food... Keep up the good work!
5	My favorite local pizza joint! The pesto pizza is my favorite! Originally from Chicago, I'm picky about my pizza, and the fact that there is a NY in the name of this place scared me away for a long time....but im glad I finally tried it. Definitely not your typical soggy, greasy, floppy new york style here.
5	The Chelsea salad is the best.  Pizza is NY style and very good.  If you like your wings hot, get the Hells Kitchen wings, great heat and flavor.  Have never had anything bad.
