1	I made an account just to review this Starbucks inside Albertsons--that's how bad their service was. I asked for two very simple drinks, a black sweetened ice tea with and without lemonade, and I never tasted a disgusting Starbucks drink until now.  I will definitely be driving an extra 2 miles to get quality Starbucks at Anthem.
1	Not so happy campers here...maybe they need to drink some shots or drinks???2nd time here since it's a pass by location when visiting the family.  The first visit months ago we ordered a coffee and frappe which was not done well.  So I thought it was an off day.Now, getting a small $25 gift card for part of a birthday gift was a reason to go again.  Machi was fine, shots were strong (was a good thing), but an issue with my Very Berry Hibiscus.  No berries??? and I was told it was for looks.   And when the coffee drinker wanted some half & half, she gets handed a carton of Albertsons. After a few drinks on the way I gave up.  The berries do make a difference:(I guess not all Starbucks are not on the same page...especially in Carefree, AZ.
1	I made an account just to review this Starbucks inside Albertsons--that's how bad their service was. I asked for two very simple drinks, a black sweetened ice tea with and without lemonade, and I never tasted a disgusting Starbucks drink until now.  I will definitely be driving an extra 2 miles to get quality Starbucks at Anthem.
2	It seems to be a recurring trend with Starbucks located inside of Albertsons being below standard. The one inside Frys and Safeway a few miles north are great.We rarely frequent this location since it seems almost every time we go the coffee tastes burnt or stale. If I'm paying 5$ for coffee I am really expecting the best possible quality. The young kids that work here are all very friendly and seem to always be working (cleaning, stocking etc). I just want to be clear that this review is strictly product based and not employee based.I don't know if they aren't stocked as frequently as other Starbucks or what the deal is but they seem to be out of common orders a lot. This location is very convenient being off the 17 and carefree highway. It's unfortunate that they will most likely never do anything to improve this location as I'm sure they get a lot of traffic from people traveling. That being said, if they made a few minor improvements I'm sure more people from the surrounding neighborhoods would visit this location instead of the other three Starbucks just a few miles north.
1	I can honestly say, this is the worst Starbucks I've ever been to. They never make my drink correctly, and the other day I purchased 2 drinks and the stupid girl at the register charged me for 3. When I told her this, she frantically hit a couple of buttons and said that it would be put back on my card. 5 days later, still no refund, and I can promise you I won't ever see it. I will not ever be going back to this incompetent group of baristas ever again, and I recommend that no one does. Unless you like to be overcharged for horribly made versions of your coffee order. Yelp makes you give stars- so I gave them one, but they deserve zero.
