1	By far the worst most unprofessional dentist I have ever experienced her staff is too busy watching soap operas on all the TVs in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me a filling which was too deep which could have been understandable as her son had his pictures delivered from Hawaii and she had to stop 3 times to pay for them and show her whole staff all of them must be nice to have a 14 year old go to Hawaii on her moms dime and have her patience wait to see all of this happen I had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in too deep an abscessed tooth was the result I wouldn't recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone I hate because of the three months of extreme tooth pain I had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after I called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care less and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotics do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled!!
4	When I moved to the area, Dr. Weinberg was recommended to me by my cousin who had been a client for years. I've had nothing but positive experiences with her and her staff since seeing her two years ago. The team is professional, nice and courteous. I recently had to reschedule an appointment due to a last minute work thing and they were very accommodating. My daughter looks forward to coming to the dentist so that's saying something. I DO wish they would turn off FOX news in the lobby as I'd rather watch paint dry but... nobody's perfect.
1	In all fairness - I did not see this dentist but did schedule an appointment and waited 15 minutes for them to open.When I look at Yelp reviews, I usually weed out the outliers (the best and the worst).   Unfortunately, there are only two reviews.It was my first time at the office.   The office admin (very nice) asked for me to come early (before 9am) to complete paperwork.   I arrived at 8:50.    I waited.   I watched 2 employees walk by me (unlocked the door and re-locked it).    They did not acknowledge me.The door I was at had signage (open hours).    I decided to leave because of a review where the staff seemed distracted or disinterested in my presence.The office admin (very nice) called me to inform I am missing my appointment.   I explained to her that there were too many indications where this was not going to be a good fit and wished her the best of luck.I recommend if you see this dentist you go to the front door (furthest away from the parking lot) for the entrance.Poor recommendation because the staff who walked by me seemed to be distracted which was pointed out in a previous review.
5	This is by far the best dentist I have ever been to.  She is honest and never trys to sell you a bunch a stuff that you dont need. We are very great full that we discovered her. We adjust our vacations to make sure that we stop in to her office in Pennsylvania at least once a year for cleaning and check ups, worth the drive from Florida.
1	I've been to this office a good amount of times.  Each time the receptionists give of a vibe of entitlement and it is very uncomfortable.  Dr. Weinberg herself is very nice, but I doubt her ability. Every procedure she has done to my teeth has backfired. The third and last issue I have is that i always paid cash at the end of my visits and somehow I have received an invoice for $55. I called and of course the receptionist was sassy and rude so I gave up. Will never go back or refer anyone else
