4	The fastest haircut, 21 dollar or otherwise, I've ever had.  What the owner lacks in personality, he makes up for in speed.V's is a smartly and cleanly designed and decorated barbershop for men.It's better than Supercuts and much cheaper than a salon. Despite the affordability, they still sell quality men's products like American Crew.Some may see this as a bonus--during your cut, the owner will probably say no more than 5 words to you and will change his facial expression exactly zero times.  Cedric & Ice Cube's Barbershop this is not.Good place for a reliable, (but nothing spectacular), affordable haircut.
5	This was my first time to V's, I went because my normal barber was not available and V's looked like a place guys should get their hair cut.  My barber was Nissan, we started off with the usual prep work.  Ten seconds into the hair cut I realized V's was a place every guy should get his hair cut.  Think 30's Chicago style mens barber shop, minus the cheesy candy cane.V's has an absolutely guy atmosphere that makes you feel like a man should when hes getting his hair cut by a barber not a hair stylist.  Nissan gave me the absolute exact hair cut I asked for and pulled it off better than almost every other barber I've ever been to.  He asked questions which I like, then he cut my hair just the way I like.The process was quick and relaxing, I watched TV and exchanged brief chit chat with Nissan here and there.  The man took absolute pride in his work and I didn't need to micro manage his every snip.  The results actually made me grin.  Nissan works M W F, ask for him but the other guys looked just as sharp.If you've ever seen an old movie and thought, whatever happened to a mans barber shop, you know the ones with class?  Go to V's.  I walked out of there with not a single hair on my shirt or back.  I felt and looked like a million bucks.  The $21 hair cut was more than worth it, next time I'm going for the $45 full deal.Warning: V's is not a hair styling salon, its a man's barber shop.  If you're a man go here, if you know a man, send him here, and if you don't know a man, get one, then send him here.
2	Dear barber,Please go back to measuring school.1/2 inch does not = 2 inches.  Again, 1/2 inch does not = 2 inches. Went in for a trim, asking for 1/2" off the top.  Left looking like I just enlisted in the Army.  Literally.  (google "high & tight") WTF?  I recant anything positive I wrote in the previous review.  Dude cuts hair like Kobayashi eats hot dogs--fast and messy. When it comes to barbers, speed and frugality is not necessarily a virtue.Not the worst barber on the planet and the other barbers in this shop may be less frugal with their time + more careful with their client's hair, but I am not willing to return to find out in this lifetime.
2	It was ok. Will not be back. Textured my hair so I kinda look bald up front, not cool.
5	LOVE IT! These guys always take care of me and make me look good (not an easy task).
5	I needed a haircut and was at the Desert Ridge Mall, saw V's and thought I would try them out. For me, my haircut was perfect and the hot towel & massage were added bonuses. This is my new go to place. If you are considering going to V's; at least give them a try.  the haircut I got was just perfect for me. Follow up with a visit to Total Wine & More nearby.
5	Eduard and Nissan are absolutely great guys.  I have been going to V's for four years now and I have always walked away happy with my cut.  Both gentlemen are great at what they do, very personable and I really cannot say enough about how much I look forward to going to V's to get cleaned up.Both gentlemen are consistent with their approach: prep, cut, clean up with the straight razor (oh man I love that touch) and then the hot towel wrap followed by a scalp massage.  Sadly what they do so well is becoming a lost art, but I am glad to be able to have a place to go once every few weeks where I feel like I am experiencing some of the simple luxuries without breaking the bank.
1	Sucks, seemed like a regular haircut place dressed up like a barber. Nothing personal about it like a neighborhood barber would offer.
1	I have used V's in Chandlr but this one is close to my office so decided to try it.  First I must admit that my hair is difficult to cut well.  That said, the haircut I just recieved is the worst I have had in decades.  I should have guessed the outcome.  The barber's smock was wrinkled and generally not professional looking.  There was a pile of used towels lying on his sink.  Then he agued with me that he just cut what I told him.Not comfortable going iut in public with this look but I will have to endure it while it grows out.
5	This is a great barbershop.Try them you will  not be dissappointed. Quality haircuts with great service.
1	I've been to Vs several times so that I could give them a fair chance. Each time I have found my experience to be lacking. The haircut was decent, not what you expect from a Barber I said to take off an inch they took off 2.  The customer service was atrocious. I've been to many different barber shops and expect a high level of service.  I expect the barber to try and make small talk with me even if its just asking what I do for a living.  Not only did the barbers not try, but they were rude and would speak in Russian to each other rather than interact with me.  If your going to a barbershop.  I recommend Gio's at 64th street and Bell or there is a shop at Tatum and Cave Creek that is great as well.
1	Never ever again. Extremely overpriced and they don't listen. $45 for a haircut and beard trim?! Thats outrageous. Don't claim to be a barber shop with salon prices
