3	3.5 starsThe food here is not "boring". I think the first reviewer was a little harsh.This is a decent breakfast, brunch, & lunch place.The omelets are tasty. I thought I remember them being bigger than the omelet from my last visit. Hmm oh well. They get your order right when you customize & add/subtract ingredients.After having the potatoes at Scramble I fear First Watch's will never compare though.The Floridian French Toast is really good! You get 2 or 3 pieces of sourdough bread with wheat germ, sliced banana, sliced kiwi, & berries. YUM! It's tasty & it at least feels healthy because of the fruit lolLast time I was here I got the mango iced tea. Pretty good. I liked it.
3	Good food, really. Nothing special, I definitely felt like I was at the IHOP. Food's good, but nothing to write home about. I was rather pleased with my crepeggs (although I couldn't tell you the difference between that and an omelet) - filled up with bacon and avocado. The chickichanga was pretty delicious. The potatoes were absolutely bland and unimpressive. The belgian waffle was actually the winner - I don't think I've ever been impressed by a belgian waffle, but this one was great. Then again, it says something that the most impressive thing on the menu was a waffle...
3	I like the lunch better than the breakfast at "First Watch", which is a bit ironic I suppose. Perhaps it should be named Second Watch?But on to what I do like...The "Not Guilty Your Honor" veggie wrap is good. It comes with a side of hummus, fruit and potatoes. Big meal!The "Burrito Vera Cruz" breakfast burrito was pretty good. The Vera Cruz sauce is a mixture of salsa and hollandaise. I've never had it before trying it here and it was actually pretty tasty!Mango iced tea is good! And they'll give you some to go if you ask!Somethin about the potatoes just doesn't cut it for me though... And as I mentioned earlier, the breakfast just isn't my favorite. I just don't dig their omelets much.Sign up for their email club to get a buy 1 get 1 free meal coupon.Note: If you're vegan, order the veggie wrap and substitute avocado for the feta cheese. Get a side of salsa too.
3	I have been to three locations of this establishment and have been prettty pleased with my visits. I always opt for  breakfast here... The Acapulco express omelette is excellent..chorizo, avocado, green chilies and onions, melted cheeses, sour cream and their fresh made salsa.  I also love their french toast, which along with pancakes and waffles are made from scratch. The Floridian french toast used to be Arizona french toast and had the most delectible prickly pear butter with it, but it's newer incarnation is covered in berries and kiwi and is tasty nonetheless. I have never had bad service here. I've mostly received 25% tip worthy attentiveness.  I like how there seems to be delightful little bowls of fruit on the side with most entrees. (And not just crappy melons and grapes) Also, the coffee isn't bad and they have the courtesy to leave a fresh caraffe full so I am never caffeine deprived when leaving. All in all its a solid joint for breakfast in my humble opinion.
4	I like this place, the atmosphere is great for the area but even better it is never busy during the week for breakfast and I enjoy having good breakfast, coffee, and a newspaper.  I love the regular order of bacon and eggs, the bacon is cooked well but not burned, the eggs are EXACTLY as I ordered them, the bread is perfectly toasted.  They only have country potatoes which I prefer hash browns but not a deal breaker for me.  My alternatives in the area are Denny's (atmosphere really sucks) or Mimi's (which is very good but can't eat every day).  I have to say that I am a fan of this place and feel that it is my secret little breakfast hang out.
4	This place has great choices for healthy food. It's very neat and clean inside and the service was very quick. We had a group of 12 people and they sat us promptly and the food came just as fast. I highly recommend this place.
5	Bacado. Yes, you read that correctly.... The "Bacado". It is a glorious concoction consisting of an avocado and bacon omelette with cheese on top and served with an English muffin and country fried potatoes. Decent black coffee and good service.Delicious.
5	I love breakfast/brunch at First Watch.  It's always a family treat after church for  us to go eat brunch.  The food is delicious and I've always had great service.  On Sunday there is a wait, but the food is good and cooked to order, so it is worth the extra time.  We hang out and read the Sunday paper that is in a basket just waiting to be read.
3	There is no better breakfast to be served in Phoenix. The menu has most of the old standbys as well as novel breakfast items. Service is fine, the portions are fresh, and the servings quite generous.      The atmosphere is American Diner, but unless you're trying to impress a business associate this should not be an issue - you can always go over to the Biltmore, spend twice as much, and eat the same food in smaller quantities.      I-17 on/off is easy, parking is more than adequate, and the neighborhood is all office buildings and motels.      Bottom line: First Watch is a safe choice for breakfast/brunch.
4	I like going here for lunch every now and then.  The place isnt always super packed, which I like and the service is always quick and the people are always nice! I love the No.5 asian salad and the tomato soup!  This is a good place when you want good decent food and nice people helping you!
4	Great place for lunch. Service is good.
4	Love this place, the service is on it.  They seat you and already have gotten your drink order started at the same time.  The atmosphere is quiet, and doesn't have the roar or move em in move em in out feeling like some places.  The food is of great quality, comes out incredibly fast and hot and not greasy, and best of all with service they act as a cohesive team.  The wait staff help each other, and also service taking care of payments, its just nice how this place runs like a well oiled machine.  Their omeletes are great and the potatoes, are made just like my german grandmother use to make.  Yum.
5	I went during lunch for their annual "Free Omelette Day ", and to support St.Vincent De Paul.   I was surprised there wasn't a long line.  You get to choose any omelets on the menu.  Holly, my waitress was super friendly.  I had ordered the Bacado omelet, which filled with bacon, avocado, melted Monterey jack cheese, along with housemade salsa.   I thought the English toast was a little oily.  I don't know if it was butter or something else.   I usually like drinking stronger coffee, but the blend they had was pretty good.  It wasn't strong or too light.   The food came quickly and hot.  Ambiance is not much, but overall a pleasant experience.
5	If it sounds good, get it. My friends and I have never been disappointed.
5	First Watch on Black Canyon Hwy in Phoenix has amazing service and very good food! They're worth the drive. You won't be disappointed. Coincidentally, I went there b/c it was right next door to the Courtyard Marriott. I have been back several times and continue to receive excellent customer service and delicious food. My favorite breakfast is their Tri-Athlete omelette; which I hesitatingly tried b/c it was a healthy choice but fell in love with it! Wonderfully roasted vegetables in an egg-white only omelette topped with salsa...muahhh, magnifico!!For lunch I had their Pecan Dijon chicken salad...wow, another amazing dish full of flavors...good to the last drop!And lastly, their customer service...always SPOT ON! Once we had only 15 minutes. Informed the always-welcoming staff and VOILA, an excellent breakfast in exactly 15 minutes. I'll be back soon! Thank you First Watch on Black Canyon Hwy!! You're awesome :)
4	I first want to start out by saying I love First Watch. I was always reluctant to try it but after the first time I met my soon to be mom in law there for lunch I was hooked. Before I seriously started watching my weight I would usually get the ham and cheese to the fifth degree and the tomato soup combo. *HOLY CHEESY FOODGASM IN MY MOUTH* it is to die for. Although it isn't printed on the menu anymore you can still ask for it and they will make it. Now when we go I order the Power Wrap (which is on the lighter side menu) I never knew egg whites, spinach, turkey, and Swiss cheese topped with salsa could be so damn good. Their mango iced tea is awesome as well. As for the establishment it's self it is always clean. The staff is typically pretty friendly and accommodating. I almost want to give them 5 stars but I do believe some improvements could be made to better some of their menu items. So I'll give it 4 stars... Yay! I'm a fan.
4	Stopped in here for a first visit today at lunch time, joined by Norm R. & Mike C.  I had a Grilled Turkey Sandwich ($7.99) with a bowl of Chicken Corn Chowder for the included side.  The sandwich was good, but not a match for the Monterey Club Sandwich I enjoyed the other day at First Watch on Thomas.  The chowder was killer good & everything was nice about the restaurant and the service here, as it was at the other location.     :-)
4	This is in my neighborhood but didn't even know it existed, probably because it was mostly hidden from view by I-17 and its fences. So it was good that Rand H. invited me to join him and Mike C. here for weekday brunch.  This place has friendly service, a sunny interior with a relaxed atmosphere and comfortable, if slightly cramped, booths and tables. I ordered "The Works" which is an omelet with ham, bacon, sausage, crimini mushrooms, onions and tomatoes with cheddar and monterey jack. topped with sour cream, and chose a mixed green salad as a side. The omelet was good and was a moderate-size portion; it would still qualify as a light lunch. The mixed green salad was nothing special. The coffee was delicious and was refilled in a timely manner. I would not hesitate to bring friends to for a nice leisurely breakfast or lunch.
4	This was a nice breakfast place, yummy food and friendly staff. We were seated right away and our food was brought out pretty quick. They have a bunch of different kinds of pancakes like chocolate chip, blueberry etc and the special today was carrot cake! It really tasted like it and it was yummy with the syrup. The menu is extensive so you can find pretty much anything you want. The oatmeal was good and so were the eggs and bacon. Solid place! The coffee was kind of expensive though at $2.95 a cup but other than that no complaints.
4	We went here for family Sunday Brunch with the parents. The parking lot was full and we thought we were going to have to wait to be seated. So we sent Dad to forge ahead as we parked the car.We cruised on in, and low and behold my Dad was at a table directing us to our table. I was shocked that we got seated right away, but the restaurant is big inside. So if the parking lot looks crowded, still check it out, you might be surprised.So we got all settled in and browsed the menu. There were so many things on the menu that I wanted. It was great! As a semi-vegetarian, there were tons of choices. There was also a healthy food section that I was drawn to. My mom and I both decided to order the same thing- the tri athlete omelet. My dad got the Acapulca express omelet and husband got the bacado. We were all set to order but waited 15 minutes before anyone came to our table, even to get our drinks. That was a little irritating, but it was busy so we went with it.Finally the waitress arrived and we ordered. She apologized for the wait. We waited a little longer than normal for food to arrive but when we did, we were happy. The food was really good. I loved my healthy omelet. I thought I would miss the cheese, but when I covered it in salsa I was like "cheese who?" I devoured it and it was delicious. I even put it on the english muffin and had a nice breakfast sandwich. Everyone else cleaned their plates too. would we go back? Yes we would. It was tasty and there are still many more things I want to try and I wouldnt feel too guilty about.So check it out and dine happy!
5	We are visiting here from Minneapolis and few people recommended this place.  We had an amazing breakfast.  To add to the fun, our waitress was fun and quirky and fast.  Also, the food came out literally after 8 min of us ordering....no joke.   If you are in Phoenix,  def. try this place if you are big on breakfast :-)
4	Who would have ever thought of bacon and cheddar pancakes! Had to try them and I was not disappointed. Salty and sweet - dessert and breakfast all in one.The service was a little lacking so that reduced my review. Hubby prefers Matt's BB but wasn't disappointed.
3	I wanted to LOVE this place because of their menu and their clean bright atmosphere.  They were friendly and I liked that they sent us a BOGO for signing up for their email.  My daughter got the crepes which I think were good (they were beautiful with fresh fruit) but she just didn't care for them.  My husband's waffle was delicious and crispy outside while fluffy inside.  I got the Key West Crepegg (omelet / crepe) with turkey, bacon, avocado, tomato etc.  It was ok except the turkey tasted a little old and there was the tiniest scoop of diced tomatoes and a tiny dollop of sour cream which was frustrating and the english muffin that was supposed to come with it was absent.  The coffee and the orange juice was really good and you could tell they have a nice group of regulars, like a family.  It looks closed from the freeway but the entrance on the opposite side is inviting and warm.  Just a few changes and this place could be spectacular.  I think i would like to try the lunch offerings and I will probably go back just to see how it is the next time.
4	So, I wanted something to eat this morning, and the thought of coming made me decide to go out to eat instead. I'm tired of blowing up the kitchen, so I decided to come here instead.This place is located off the service drive of I-17, smushed in between some hotels and next door to the outback steakhouse.  When I arrived, the parking lot looked kind of full, and I thought "oh great, there's going to be a wait-what did I get myself into?"Fortunately, I was seated right away.  The host was friendly and outgoing, and the waitress gave me a menu and offered me some drinks.  I reviewed the menu and decided to order the Cinnamon raisin french toast, and let me tell you, it was delicious!  Three pieces of french toast, with some home made jelly jam tasted awesome!The place is cutely decorated, with bench style seating, and there's more then enough places to sit.  I was thrilled that I didn't have a wait on a Saturday morning shortly before 10AM, because as you know, breakfast places can be packed at times like this.  They also have a lunch menu as well, which seemed really appetizing.  Bathrooms were clean, and overall, it was a really good experience.  Prices were fair, as my french toast only cost me $7.53 after tax!I see myself coming back in the future, and this place is definitely worth a try if your in the area for breakfast or lunch.  I think they close at 3PM, so make sure you get there earlier in the day.
4	Great food and excelent service.  Highly recomend this First Watch to anyone.  Only complaint is that there is not one where we live.
2	The pits man. my omelette was so watery and the "vegetables" were sparse and looked like they were canned. Our server lacked knowledge about the menu too. boo
4	Pretty darn good breakfast...lots of choices, good service!
4	Surprised at the location that this place serves some delicious food. Kind, fast service, clean, cozy environment, and many unique choices on the menu for breakfast and brunch. Gets busy on the weekends, but the turn around is pretty fast which means you can get seated pretty quick. Been there twice and both visits were good experiences. Average ticket is about $10-$12 and the portions are plenty. Bon Apetit!
4	I'm going to give this place a yay I'm a fan because 1. their pancake selection is pretty great (cranberry nut, chocolate chip, banana, carrot cake, etc.)2. they have STRONG coffee (I like that) and flavored creamer along with the regular half n half3. the prices are not incredibly expensive (but it's also not $5.99 cheap status like Denny's -- YUCK)The location kind of sucks because if you pass it, you're on a one way street and you have to either get creative in backtracking, or make a reeeeaaaaally bug circle back to the restuarant.The waitress was not overly friendly, and didn't really joke around with us, which kind of sucks when you're in a diner-style place like that because that interaction really adds to the experience.Will I go back? Probably yes.Do I recommend it? After The Place on Bell, yes.BAM
3	The service here was wonderful.  The food was up to par and reasonably priced.
5	Food was fresh and delicious! Staff was friendly. Good prices too! A gem... We will definitely be coming back!
3	The feel to this place was like ihop.  But the food was definitely not. I got the Trifrecta, everything was on point.  I loved the waffles, it was perfect. The maple syrup was light with blueberries not sweet, just how I like it. My sister got the Tri-athlete, she said it was okay. Haha. That was her answer when I asked her how her food was.Lolz. Our waitress was bad. Took 15 minutes to get to our table and our drinks as well. Smh. And why was she vacuuming while we were eating? Idk. My sister and I agree that we will come back to this place. JUST because the food was good :)
5	My family needed someplace for breakfast yesterday morning on our way to the airport and google maps indicated that First Watch was close and well-reviewed. We were a little nervous about finding a decent restaurant in that part of Phoenix (let's be honest - in just about any part of Phoenix), so we were tremendously pleased when we found this place. The atmosphere was good, the restaurant clean, the staff friendly and attentive, and the food was surprisingly healthy and delicious.We all enjoyed our meals and they got us out in plenty of time to catch our flights. If I found myself near a First Watch again I would definitely return.
4	Had a great breakfast. Market Hash. Yummy. Service was excellent and friendly. We'll be back!
5	Fantastic! Fresh, organic food served QUICK! Good choices and easy alterations to cater to my food allergies, and the staff is really friendly. My new breakfast go-to.
5	Friendly fast service, clean, and a good variety on the menu. My favorite was that mixed greens is standard with your omelet, and your own pot if coffee....AWESOME! Highly recommend this place! Also quick and easy to get to off of I17!
4	I completely agree with them winning for their amazing customer service. They are so friendly you just want to stay for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Oh and you can order pancakes all day! Ridiculously close to our hotel and easy to find. The food and coffee were delicious and well priced. When we come back we will definitely return.
5	First Watch, the bathroom. CLEAN! Great service from host, love the menu of choices. About to enjoy my multigrain pancakes, with sausage, eggs and potatoes.
2	Despite the fact that the website and menu really sold us, my party determined that this restaurant was pretty much like Ihop. Nothing that we ordered particularly stood out to us. Plus, we felt really uncomfortable in the environment. It wasn't the warm and inviting ambiance that we were expecting. The waitress was very understanding that I did not like my strawberry lemonade (too sweet) and promptly removed it but she still charged me for it. Overall, I was not impressed and probably won't return.
4	Delicious meal, great service, inviting atmosphere.Waited too long to write this, don't remember the menu item I had, but it was delicious.Would definitely return.
4	This place has really good breakfast with some unique choices. There is something for everyone.
5	Ate here this morning. I ordered the rustica frittata and the cinnybun pancakes. Rustica frittata was exactly what I expected, yes it was delicious! The cinnybun pancakes looked and sounded interesting,  that's why I ordered it. It tastes exactly like a cinnabun and pancakes rolled into one. Great overall service! Server was awesome and food was ordered and delievered quickly. 5 stars!
4	Great breakfast options from healthily to your more traditional style. The in house made granola was tasty and staff very friendly. I went alone and sat right away but it looked like larger groups had to wait a little, I say it's worth it.
5	We found First Watch on yelp this morning looking for a new breakfast spot amd we lucked out. What a great spot.  Heather was a very good server and she took care of the kids.  My wife had the Turkey avocado benedict and she loved it,  along with a Cinnybun type pancake. I had the spinach avocado benedict and it was very tasty and fresh.  All the food was tasty and fresh!  Oh, I also had to try the lemon ricotta pancakes,  even though I could not finish them, they were a nice Italian twist and very refreshing.  I think we fpuns a new regular Sunday breakfast spot! Thanks First Watch for being on point!UPDATE: We have been back three times now and enjoyed every time.  Thanks guys.
3	I have only had lunch there, never breakfast. The sandwiches are average and the prices are steep. The waitstaff is usually always very pleasant!
5	I love first watch! This is my favorite location and that's good since it's also the closest! The veggie grill is so good, it's my go to here. The service is always so good here and they are so friendly! Free wifi as well. I wish the were open for dinner I'm sure it would be so good!
5	Best hungover breakfast ever! Lived in the valley my whole life and can't believe ive never been here! Lots of great healthy options, very yummy, and good atmosphere/staff(thanks Christiana)
4	Every single time I come here I leave full and satisfied. Love the chicken changa on their breakfast menu so delicious. Last time I went I ordered their chicken Palermo on their lunch menu it was yummy and the tomato basil soup that comes with was tasty too. My only complaint is and have said this in the past, is the size of the muffins. They are so good but really expensive for the size so I never order them anymore. Until they make them cheaper or more like the size of Mimi's Cafe muffins I'll pass. However this place will remain a staple as one of my go to breakfast/brunch places. Oh and if you are going to order pancakes just be warned they are huge.
3	Friendly service, yummy food.  I don't know that it deserves 4 or 5 stars but it was good.  I had the pancakes which was OK - I've had better.  The bacon wasn't crispy like I like it.  I make better scrambled eggs.  The hubs had the breakfast version of the monte cristo and that was pretty delicious.  He felt guilty eating it afterwards but that's what makes it so good, eh?
5	I love this place. The staff is absolutely amazing. We have been coming here for about 4 years and it's one of my favs. The food is always fresh. Their fruit actually tastes like what the fruit is. Like its not sitting on the back all mixed together in some fruit cup or something. I have tried almost the whole menu and have never been disappointed.  Even our friends from out of town ask us to take them here again and again. I have been to a couple other locations and this one is by far my favorite. Just one thing...I have to praise the staff again. Everyone is so friendly and happy. EVERYRIME! They always remember us and ask how we're doing. You girls are awesome!!! Coffee is the best also! Enjoy!
5	Nice little establishment located close to the I-17 they offer selections you can't find in major chains. They have a large menu for healthy options if that's what you're looking for and the wait time for food was very minimal. Excellent food, friendly staff, couldn't be more satisfied.
5	This place is delicious, and I'd recommend it to anyone! The food is always fresh, prepared quickly, and the staff are always eager to help and friendly. It's not unusual for me to stop by a few times a week, and in all my time going here, I've always had a wonderful experience.
4	PHOENIX, AZ: Just finished a pleasant brunch at First Watch.  The cute little cafe serves fresh breakfast/lunch fare and has some nice options.I had the eggs Benedict with ham, tomato and added avocado.  It was a 3-4 star experience.  The toast was a little burnt and the ham was a little overpowering.  Otherwise it was good.I also tried the sourdough French toast and it was Excellent-5 stars.  Delicious berry sauce, cinnamon accents, and fresh butter.  It was wonderful and highly recommended.
5	You got lucky to stumble across this place. Excellent healthy breakfast options. I had the butternut squash and quinoa bowl and it was amazing! I wish we had one of these in Alaska.
5	Service was great and the food was delicious! Food was very fresh! Definately will be back!
4	You know. The fall special of roasted butternut squash and quinoa was delicious. I enjoyed the meal immensely. The restaurant itself was well lit, clean, organized and efficient. Soup was a tomato basil which was smooth and flavorful. The wife got a turkey sandwich with Cobb salad. Turkey sandwich was a touch soggy but far from inedible. Overall we will be back.
4	We ate here on our first day in town and were so impressed with not only the food but the service as well that we went back the next day so we could try other items on the menu
5	First time coming here. Easy to find. The waitress was very helpful, kind, full of energy and great customer service which was great.    I didn't know what I felt like eating so she was kind enough to tell me what the most ordered as well as best tasting meals where. She was very descriptive. Food arrived within 10-15 mins and everything was fresh and wonderful. Definitely coming back soon.
5	Love coming here for breakfast. Big portions, great food, and awesome coffee. A must visit
1	Oh it was just awful.  I used to have great memories of fresh and tasty food from years ago.  This time was not like that.  Went on Christmas Eve day around 10:00 am.  Cold food!  Everything was bland and not quality.  Portions tiny and overpriced.  Never going to any of the chains again.
