4	This is a FUN place. Great drinks (red headed slut shot)!!! whooooo hoooooooo. The guac is great, the hot wings are yummy. It is a great place to sit outside (under the misters) and hang with work people and friends.
5	This is not your upscale bar in Scottsdale, which is why I like it a lot (that and the $2 Coronas...).  The food is serviceable and not expensive, the people are real and down to earth for the most part.  Because of it's location you do get quite a mix of people.  It can get pretty crowded in the evenings.  They have a great outdoor seating area, and if you're in to sports, several large screen tv's.  I love it as a place to meet people...
3	This place has an odd crowd. I've enjoyed their salads and chips and salsa, but haven't had much else. Their drinks are reasonable and the place is pretty nice inside. They improved the outside as well. So what's the problem? The music, man... if it's not your thing, you won't like it. The place is a little too country for me. I feel like someone's gonna bust out line dancing at any moment. They'll occasionally do a karaoke night with a live band as backup which can be kinda fun if you like that sort of thing.Flicka's gets kinda busy at times and other times it's empty when it should be packed. It's strange. Considering the location, the crowd should be a lot more fun than it is Since it's next to Babe's, there's often dancers there grabbing a meal - aside from that though, the place is a little too country and I'm a little too rock and roll. It's a decent joint, but not my cup o tea. Worth checking out, but it's not on my list of places I want to go.
3	When I feel like living on the edge. You know, doing something dicey. Entering a neighborhood you wouldn't normally dare to cross. I go to South Scottsdale. Ooooo....yea, that's right. Not North. Not Oldtown. But that seedy stretch called SoSco. And when I'm there Flicka's is pretty dang fun. Kind of a weird sports, meets ASU, meets the gays (oh, well when I'm there with my gang anyway) crowd. Music is loud. Dance floor gets jammin. Lots of hip hop. And lots of hip hop moves. And then there's me. Yes. Me. Doing the running man. I can't help myself. What? The sprinkler. Sure, why not. They have buckets of Coronas and really great chicken taquitos. Servers are usually the hottie chick types but always really friendly and efficient. I like hanging out on their huge patio and watching the Scottsdale Road action. So if you want to have a good time in SoSco, I say, picka a Flicka's!
5	Flickas is great, we get the softball team to head over after games on tuesdays to eat up some of those shrimp tacos that are so damn good.Everybody is really nice that works there, talkative; $2 Coronas are good and cold and there's always something good on the TV's if you want to watch sports.Chips and salsa are super good too.  I like it cause it's not a typical snobby scottsdale place and the mix of people and ages are pretty diverse.  You've gotta love the salt water aquariums too.  Anyways - check it out - good stuff.  And if you see the crazy guy with shoulder length hair - that's Flicka - he's super talkative and a really nice guy - say Hi!They have a site but it needs some web developer love from me:  http://flickasbajacantina.com/
2	OK, I've only been once. The GF and I were in search of a happy hour in the area.  Flicka's was a huge disappointment!!! They didn't have any food specials on the day we went, and the drink specials were limited to domestic beers. Ugh! Maybe it's livelier at night, but our afternoon experience was bad. The food was bland bar food, and the nachos had already started to cool and congeal by the time they arrived at our table. Big disappointment.
4	Located near Metals Edge Studios, this place has been deceptively hidden from me.I went there tonight for the first time with some people from a networking group and at first was a bit put off.It's a bit more bar with the seating style indoors, which was where we chose to sit. There is also outdoor seating with tables and chairs. It was a slow night. We had fast, friendly and efficient service. Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating to those who needed different types of seating, etc, because of the really high chairs.I was expecting crappy bar food and though I was not a fan of the nachos (chicken was a bit bland) or the calamari (tasted like they were frozen...plus, they looked like onions rings at first glance), I was very happy with other items on the menu.I was a big fan of the complimentary beef taquitos and the chicken fingers that the owner, Flicka, himself sent out....and delivered as well.The food was priced cheaply and the menu was easy to read. There isn't a huge variety of food to choose from, but there is definitely enough there to satisfy the most finicky eater. Coronas are $2.00, nachos with chicken was a scant $6.75...it was such a bargain!The owner, Flicka, came and chatted with us a couple of times. At first we wondered who this man was, but he was completely affable and so sincere how could we not enjoy him talking to us?I enjoyed it here, but it's a bit out of the way. It's really bar more than a cantina. The food is decent and the atmosphere leaves a bit more to be desired. Overall, I'd come here again if someone else were driving.
4	Nice place to hang out on the weekends and watch a band, which is exactly what we did last Friday - Past experience tells me to stay away during the week.The food was pretty good, service was reasonable. The atmosphere reminds me of Dos Gringos, though the crowd was older and it's a little cleaner.They have two bars (one inside and one out), and a huge outdoor patio area that would be great when summer is over.
1	I hate bringing down a once 4 star review to one star, but it had to be done. If we ever go back, I'll see if it still stays the same.I went back a couple of weeks ago with my metal arts friends...and I have to say what a difference it was. Literally night and day.Our server was surly and pissy...the food was just appallingly bad...Flicka was nowhere to be found. Service was slow and it wasn't even busy. A whole...4 tables including ours?The only remotely good thing about that night, though it's still NOT enough to make me give Flicka's 2 stars, is the checks were all split and correctly done.Maybe the employees decided to take a break since the owner wasn't there? Whatever it was, we won't be going back.
5	Fliccas bar is a fun place to go. They  have live band and/or a  DJ playing all kinds of good tunes all night long. Great buffet during happy hour(On Fridays) and a great menu of good baja/Mexican food. The drinks are a good price too!!! Pool tables  and an out side patio that will blow you away. There is a lot of fun people;lots of good-looking females :) ...and they're friendly too.So I give it 5 STARS for sure.   Flickas!!!
3	After waiting an hour and calling three cab companies we were fianlly able to get to the bar. Flicka's is pretty spacious. They have inside seating and an outdoor patio with heat lamps. I went on A Saturday around 6p. so not too many people were there.The services was scare and it was very slow to get our food.The prices are NICE! I got a dozen wings, two beers, and a side of french fries for seventeen dollars.The wings were good: hot spicy, and saucy with just the right amount of meat.If I ever wind up back in Scottsdale, I'll head back here.
2	"Before both of my feet fully entered Flicka's, I knew I had already contracted the Swine Flu.." Thanks to Georgie S, I now know why I have a sore throat, cough and achy body. Thanks Flicka's for giving me Swine Flu. This place is really disorganized, the wait staff (the bartenders the waitresses the bussers) are all really snotty and were all rude, not to mention slow as the second coming. The nicest person in that bar was the little Mexican flower guy who fell in love with me and gave me a pair of roses, free of charge. The one good thing about this bar was the cheap beers. My Corona was $2.50 and the Bud Lights were $2. The outdoor patio is cool, but it is filled with all the smokers so unless you want to catch lung cancer, it is smart to just stay inside. My friends band played (I have seen them play at least a dozen times in a variety of venues) and the sound was so horrible. You couldn't hear vocals at all. In between the 5 rock bands that played, they piped R&B music over the speakers. I thought this was a little strange.... and I also found the massive dance orgy that busted out to be a little strange.Some dude sent his wing-woman over to the bar while I was getting drinks to try and get me to join their table. She was the oldest looking wing-woman I have ever seen. It made me immediately want to cancel my tanning membership. What a really weird group of people here. Seriously. I didn't really care for the food. I consider myself a nachos connoisseur now that I date Dallas G, and these nachos were sub-par. I highly doubt I will ever be back to this weird ass place!
4	Went here Sunday for lunch with my boyfriend.  As always, I had a good time.   When I think of Flicka's I think cool chill laid back place to grab a corona.  They only have bottled beers and I believe a full bar.  Everything I've eaten here has been quite tasty, nothing too special, but also not a breaded food coma either.  I've been on live music nights as well and always have fun, I admit it is such a mixed crowd, but I don't mind, as long as I'm not paying a cover charge to wonder around aimlessly because I can't find a seat or a spot on the dance floor.  I wish Chuck Powell and the edge 103.9 would be holding the Fantasy Football Texas Hold'em for Monday nights, that was always my favorite!  Anyway back to my most recent trip.  The bar was pretty much empty.  There was a table of say 20 people celebrating a birthday or something, and I'm sure that they were regulars because it seemed as if they knew the bartender fairly well.  I'm pretty sure she was the only one serving too.  She was pretty good at keeping the beers full and in front of us.  We ordered the shrimp cocktail to start to fill out our appetites.  It was pretty good and we left thinking we had to try and make this on our own.  After letting that settle we decided to split the fajita sandwhich.  I'm so glad we did, it was so good.  As we were sitting at the bar, we noticed a bottle of Seagrams Sweet Tea Vodka.  What in the world???  I didn't know Seagrams had vodka.  We asked the bartender what it was and she stated the obvious but also asked us if we wanted to taste it.  I thought that was pretty cool!
3	Back in the Scottsdale area again. Time to get into some new places and see what they are all about. I did not go to this place YELP guided. This was the recommendation of the manager of the baseball team, 1st mistake. Supposedly close to where we were staying, 2nd mistake to listen to anything directional or distance related from this guy. For starters this place is a retro style bar with a patio out front, including some great sofa lounge areas, and a wide open interior with dark mood lighting and sporadic TVs. There is a bar, but no beer is on tap. This was a non-issue for me, but apparently the guys would have preferred tap.We were immediately greeted by the owner of the bar who apparently recognized the guys as a team or group of some sort. He was thrilled to have us all there and offered to have some appetizers and fajitas brought out for everyone (after we had all already ordered, but a very sweet and generous gesture.) He was very friendly and checked up on us several times. ( 5 star for sure)Our server was very friendly, very efficient with filling everyone's drinks, and continually making sure that we were happy. The waters, cokes, and iced teas were never low and it never required asking for to get something we wanted or needed. (5 stars)The appetizers, buffalo wings, were a bit over cooked or maybe just older than they should have been. The buffalo sauce was good, only mild to moderate in spice. The fajitas we were given were just OK. The veggie portion of them was fresh and excellent, but the chicken was only OK. The tortillas seemed just a bit less than fresh, though brought to us warm. The salsa, a flop! Extremely mild and almost just tomato sauce. A waste of energy for sure. My buffalo chicken sandwich started off good. The chicken seemed about right and the buffalo sauce was good, then I found myself trying to chew a gristle. Yes, you get those sometimes, and I can usually deal with them.... but with the lights down so dark, I could not work my way around it. Ugh. The salad with vinaigrette was good and fresh, but it was just romaine lettuce and tomatoes. (a 3 star)Just before we were going to leave, a blues band began to perform. The lead singer, a young twently something girl, was actually quite good. I was rather impressed and they seemed to keep the attention of the restaurant patrons. (a 5)But, the bathroom. Ick. There was water (I hope) all over the floor, there was a twenty something vomiting in a stall, and it just seemed filthy. (a 2 star)So, my overall rating, though we were so appreciative of the good treatment, still has to be 3 stars. I probably would not go back here, even if the owner offered me more free food. To me, the service is above and beyond the food, but it does not compensate for not so good food. Caveat, this might be an excellent place for just the bar scene and watching the band! But, don't rely on the food.
3	Flicka's was quiet, not many people. Flicka was there interacting with guests which was great. Coronas are always 2.50 which was great. Fridays you get a free buffet dinner with the purchase of 2 drinks...we bought two cheap Coronas and got a plate of decent food. It was a steal for sure. The salsa here is awesome, I loved it! Too bad it wasn't free chips and salsa. The food wasn't bad, it wasn't anything super awesome. Pretty basic. I would come again on some random Friday. The atmosphere was  chill and the patio was enjoyable.
5	My go to bar in south scottsdale! The people that work here make this place special. My first visit, almost a year ago, the manager Adam made us feel right at home and even provided some drinks on the house. Being a poor college student at the time, I thought this was the greatest thing since Ramen noodles. Then we meet Flicka! The owner of this bar is the nicest most interesting person I have ever meet. Anyone that goes to Flickas on a regular basis knows Flicka. He is always a great host to us and he makes this place more than just another bar in Scottsdale.With the projectors and multiply TVs this is a great place to catch a game and the food is amazing. The dollar tacos on Tuesdays and Thursdays are unbelievable, but my go to meal are the chicken fajitas!! Oh man they are delicious.
1	I went here on a week day with my boyfriend because it's usually packed when we drive by, plus the reviews are pretty good.When we got there, it was pretty empty. There were 3 other tables that had people. The staff was nowhere to be found. We waited a few minutes, and then a guy (I think the owner) ran by us to chat with one of the tables. No hello or we'll be with you in a minute. Finally a woman came by and started cleaning. I asked if they were still open, and she said yes, so she had us sit and got our orders. She seemed nice, but the service turned out to be SLOW.I ordered the Chili Dog and lemonade.. you can't go wrong with that, it's nearly impossible to screw up. My boyfriend ordered the fish tacos and a beer. It is weird that they said they only serve bottles, a little off-putting. The lemonade was kind of gross, it tasted like it was made from a powder. The fries that came with the chili dog were alright, but I don't think there's a way to make fries taste bad. The chili dog was bland. I ate it all because I was starving, but the chili tasted weird. I thought I was the only one who had a bad experience, because while we were eating, I asked my BF if he liked the food and he didn't respond. When we left though he said it was bad. It took forever to get our check too.Maybe we were there on an off day/time, but I won't be returning. I thought about leaving when nobody greeted us, but I stupidly stayed, thinking that it'd be at least as good as the other Baja restaurant we go to, only closer.
4	It's a place.  They have cheap drinks (a lot of the time).  They have food (some times).  And there's a commotion there (all the time).  Get it in, people.
4	Love coming here with friends. Flicka makes the whole experience.Great place to watch your team on Sundays!
4	We went to Flickas after a baseball game the owner was very friendly and he gave us a great deal on lunch for about twenty guys. Which included beer and shots as well. It's not kid friendly but during the day it was okay because we had the place to ourselves. The food was good for the price and the great personalized service it can't be beat.
1	This place was horrible, even with fun friends! It is like a bar out of Mexico. I did not like it. They do have a live band inside and patio tables & benches...other than that....it sucks.
3	Its a cute bar. Its was super busy when I went so that was probably the reason for the long wait for drinks. I did like the band that was playing though. Other than that, thats all I remember besides the worst thing about the bar was the bathroom smell....OMG...it stunk like straight sewer! I would give this place another chance but if I went back and the bathroom still smelled I think I would probably not come back.
3	It's just Flickas. It's a South Scottsdale staple and dive bar. It's the consumate 3 star bar.
5	We had a fantastic experience at Flicka's recently and I wanted to share.   Flicka's is a great place if you are looking for an awesome patio that has room for groups of people and food and drinks at reasonable prices.  You can chill out, play bean bag toss, it's quiet enough to chat with your friends, but busy enough to keep you entertained.  You almost forget you are in Scottsdale!  :-)   (for you locals, that's a good thing --- remember, this is the CenPho girl speaking here...haha)   A bucket of 6 beers was less than $20.  Rock on!    The food was really good, I was seriously impressed with the taste.   It's what you would expect at a bar/cantina, true - but you don't have to be 5 beers in to enjoy it!   We had a cheese crisp that was indeed cheesy and crispy.  Also shared a chicken quesadilla, which exceeded my expectations.  The nachos were tasty.  The salsa was delicious too, which is not to be underrated as good salsa is sometimes hard to come by at bars.The best part of it all though?   The owner, Flicka himself, came over and said hello, told us awesome stories about his time in Mexico, asked us about the service, and even told us that we were missing out on the best food there - the barbacoa tacos, so he sent an order over to us.   He was right - the barbacoa tacos were delicious!  He also educated us on tequila.  (and that's a story for another day... haha)It's a great meeting point between Scottsdale and Tempe and it's totally worth it!! All in all, a great experience at Flicka's!   I hope more people go check this place out.
1	The only thing to say about Flickas is," Why in the heck can't you pass a health inspection...EVER". You can't even get hand washing right
4	We had a happy hour event on the spacious, airy patio last night at Flicka's. Great turn out, perfect weather, good company, good service, great night!I forgot all about the free "Friday happy hour" buffet indoors and ordered the spinach and shrimp salad. I was was pleasantly surprised by the price of the salad, which was MUCH more reasonable than other restaurants I have been too lately ($5 for a small bowl of shoestring fries at that other place?!) The shrimp was grilled and good! I had enough leftover for a late night snack. That's what I'm talking about!I just read a previous review about the horrible sewer ladies bathroom smell. Yup...still there. The toilet had clogged (if that happens all the time, why not install industrial toilets?!...duh) and water was all over the floor. There was a Hawaiian air freshener (the same one I have in my bathroom at the moment) in there that smelled awful mixed with foul sewer smell. I know I can never buy THAT air freshener again.Flicka's- you would have had a five star rating without the sewer-smelling, wet floor bathroom, with the bathroom door propped open while I used the toilet....but thanks for the offer to use the employee bathroom.Has Captain Morgan flown the coop? I didn't see him inside on bathroom runs.
4	I visited this place with a large group of friends Friday night. It was a lot of fun. The only thing I didn't like was we had tickets for free drinks but they were only accepted at one of the bars and when we got there there wasn't anyone working it. I gave up waiting and bought a drink at the other bar.
4	Nice size outdoor patio - an outdoor patio is essential for a AZ bar. I saw some heat lamps out there too so it can be used year round.Went there on a Saturday night and they had a DJ who played a huge mix of music from 70's and 80's to today's top 40. They have a stage in the back too so I assume they have bands too... during my visit this became a dance floor.Had my dinner at this place to as part of a buffet (not sure they offer this all the time; we had a large group) but I enjoyed the food offered to us.
5	I was walking with a bunch of friends when we decided to stop in. The place was alive with music and the bartenders were great. I got to meet the owner and dance with a great group of people. To slow down and eat, they have a great outdoor patio to enjoy the night. Next time I'm in town, I am definitely stopping back.
2	Great price on a bucket of Corona's.....other than that there is no reason to come here.This place is a dump!  The bathrooms were disgusting and OUR waitress was not the sharpest tool in the shed.  She could barely get an order straight so we finally had to go inside to order our drinks.   The patio is here is spacious but it's right on top of Scottsdale Rd. so it's busy and loud with all the traffic.  I didn't read if they had food but OMG...I can only imagine.  This place was filthy all around.  Not a fan...
3	Looking for a new place to grab a beer, finally stopped in here after driving past multiple times. There were a bunch of people there playing card games and a mix of college kids and a few grizzled veterans. They have a huge patio which nobody was using due to the night heat. The best deal is the $2.50 corona's and then I tried a chicken burrito ($7.45) to go. Big chunks of white meat chicken and beans, rice and cheese were inside. There was no sign of the promised sour cream and guac though. Served with a side salad, it was a good burro, but nothing over the top. They did melt some cheese enchilada style over the burro. Seems like a friendly bar - think I even saw Flicka there - he was the one yelling we got the best mother bleeping wings. (those wings were 40 cents each on Wednesday).
5	Teriyaki Chicken breast sandwich is made to order and is fantastic!
5	Absolutely miss this place since I've moved out of state.  Flicka's is the best.  Great food, great prices.  You guys ROCK.
5	Go here on Thursdays with a team and usually the owner is here at that time. It's an open area, good food, cheap beer. I'm happy :)
5	Flicka's is amazing!!! Flicka's couldn't have been a better setting for my 10 year high school reunion. Flicka helped with getting us all set up from food to drinks. I received so many compliments of the location, the setting, and the food. The food was perfect and all the guys were happy that they could go back for more. And of course our bartenders and waitresses were awesome! Thank you for making it a memorable night!
1	I went to Flicka's to see a friend's band play.  There was one server who only appeared to be clearing away empty glasses and plates.  I never saw her taking a drink order.  I went to the bar where there were two very over worked bartenders.  I asked for a drink and was told they don't carry that brand of gin.  I then asked for a Kiltlifter beer...again, they don't carry that beer.  Was finally able to get a beer that I liked and went back to our table.  Shortly after, the "bouncer" said he had a party of 50 or 60 people coming in and he would have to take our table...Overall, I did not think that Flicka's had anything to recommend it.
4	really fun!  it was 80's nite!! great time!
4	note: I was at an event here, so I can't speak to their typical service.what I can say, though, is that our group had a BLAST. we're large (something like 300 people) and we're famously rowdy, but the whole staff here was nothing but patient and welcoming with us. the only reason it's not 5 is because i feel like i save 5 stars for businesses i know better or am super wow'd by. I'd have to go back here for dinner or just drinks with friends to know for sure. but what I can say is that they've hosted parties for us regularly and they are always very accommodating.
3	This business has been around for a long time, and if you didn't already know this...you can tell just by looking at the building (interior and exterior).  Really in need of some renovation and tlc.  The staff is very nice, the service is good.  If you need a place to relax and have a beer with a friend it's a decent place.
4	Didn't have big expectations but was pleasantly surprised. We were looking for a quick lunch before a spring training game.  Our server/ bartender recommended the shrimp tacos and they did not disappoint. Flicka himself brought us our food, introduced himself and chatted with us a bit. Looks like it would be a fun night time spot.
5	My wife and I go to Flicka's often for the Coronado High School monthly reunions. We always have a good time with friends, drinks and plenty of food.
1	It was okay
