4	Toby Carvery is the great British meat eaters wet dream. The main idea with this restaurant is the roast dinner buffet. This means you get a plate, the nice chef man carves some meat (Gammon, Beef, Turkey, Ham etc) onto your plate with a Yorkshire pudding or two. Then you shuffle along and help yourself to as much veg as your heart desires. Then there is different gravy's and sauces to finish it all off. Its a great idea and it will definitely fill you up. For this reason I haven't sampled the starters or desserts because I usually end up being rolled out the place. But the sundaes for dessert do look delicious. It is a really family friendly place, so bring everyone along and enjoy a nice meal. It does get rather busy, especially on Sundays.
5	There used to be Toby Carvery restaurants in practically every city, but since the late 90s, the British diet has moved away from the traditional Sunday roast to things like sushi, hummus and noodles drowned in sickly sweet chilli sauce.The traditional roast may be gasping for air these days, but the Toby on the way to Corstorphine manages to at least keep it on life support. Big slices of gammon, pork, turkey or beef, Yorkshire puddings, and vegetables piled high.My dislike of gravy prevents me from getting the full experience, but I do not bad by dowsing the meat in salt instead. The surroundings feel a bit tired and to some extent, borderline depressing, but full marks for providing a carnivorous feast of a style so rarely found in modern restaurants.
4	Me and my family arent a 'Sunday Roast' type of family. We would rather sit around and eat something a bit different, or Toby Cavery however, is somewhere that I could eat a sunday roast any day of the week - and I'm sure many people do. I'm not going to explain the whole process again, because I'm sure you have read it in all of the other reviews - but instead I'm going to focus upon what the actual food is like. The meat is always brilliantly cooked, and while you cant go back for more meat, you do get a decent sized portion. You can go back for as many vegetables as you want - and they are all pretty decent - not maybe the best tasting vegetables I have ever tasted, but nice enough.The sweets (if you can fit one in afterwards) are pretty decent as well - although I have never actually finished on. A case of my eyes being bigger than my stomach I feel.The pubs themselves are a bit dark and old mannish, but for what they do they are decent enough and cheap. Excellent really.
4	Love this place!  Yes, it's the UK version of an Old Country Buffet but it's awesome food.  There's one across the street from the flat we stay at while in Edinburgh and we usually wind up having dinner here at least once per visit.  R's sister and her boyfriend, whose flat it is that we stay at while in Edinburgh really like it here so we usually take them here for dinner as a way of sayings thanks for putting us up.My only complaint is that I think they skimp on the meat, but the veggie side options are a delicious way to fill up.  I had my first Yorkshire pudding (surprising it took me so long to have one considering how often I'm in the UK) when we were last over in October and I loved it!  We always wind up ordering dessert and it's always struggle to get it down but it's a wonderful way to end your meal!We're headed back to Bonnie Scotland in exactly 7 days and I'm excited that a trip to the carvery is on the agenda!P.S.  Tennants on draught.  Yesssss!
4	I need to confess, I'm not a carvery kinda guy...at least I never used to be. That is until I experienced the Toby Carvery. Greeted at the bar by a very friendly publican, escorted to a table by an enthusiastic waitress and presented with the various options available to us for our meal, namely pub a la carte or of course, carvery. Carvery was the name of the game that night and we were presented with roast beef, turkey and gammon and as much roast and steamed veggies, Yorkshire pudding and gravy you could assemble on your plate. The meat was not dry and tough as feared, but juicy and delicious and accompaniments up to scratch. If critical the chef carving the meat could gave been a little less frugal with his slicing, but hey, I'm a guy and would of course prefer my plate to be 80% meat and 20% rabbit food! As far as carvery's go, this one is a winner!
4	I'm giving full marks as I'm a veggie and I love it (obviously minus the meat). So I presume the meat is fabby too. Great atmosphere.
4	For Scottish food I guess this place was alright. I enjoyed their buffet, mix of meats, vegetables, and fried things I've long since forgotten.  I have to say it tasted quite well.  The setting was just like an old fashion US restaurant chain, but with a lot more beer everywhere.  Before I forget the beer selection was great and you get a big bang for your pound if I remember correctly.  If you're ever next to one and hungry, swing by and check them out.  Oh on a separate note the Scottish are very friendly people if you can understand what in the hell they're trying to say.
5	Been for lunch this afternoon with friends had a great meal
