5	I ABSOLUTLY LOVE the staff there!! They are so nice and fun to be around! just wish it wasn't the dreaded dentist to have to see great people and the dentist is very good at what he does as well as the staff!! I reccomend them to EVERYONE in North Las Vegas!! They are young and hip not like old nasty breath dentists.... hahaha
5	I had a really good experience with this office.  They were on time with my appointment, the staff was friendly, and the doctors were communicative and informative too.  They have big screen TVs in every room, which seems great for kids and people who are a little anxious at the dentist and need a distraction.  I would definitely come back!
5	Just came here on emergency because my tooth chipped.  Front desk got me in right away because there was an opening in this location.  Fixed my tooth so fast, doesnt even look like I have a filing there.  Amazing office, highly recommend.  I dont even have insurance, very reasonable fees.
5	These guys are great! Always professional, engaging, on time, and always go out of their way to make you feel comfortable.  Doesn't hurt that one of the docs is easy on the eyes. ;) Just sayin. I would highly recommmend this place to get those chompers clean and perfect!!
5	So let me start off by saying that I've had some very horrible experiences with dentists in the past....I was looking for a Dentist that was knowledgeable, professional and reliable. After looking in my area I found Dr T at North View Dental.So I called the office to set up my appointment, and expected to hear an answering machine an hearing back from them in a few days. Nope the receptionist answered an listened to my concerns an asked me how soon I need an appointment. After about five minutes of simple questions and jokes I was able to make an appointment for that same day!  Love it.So I make to the office, and spoke to the front desk staff, and retrieve my forms (like 4 things to fill out really). Within 3 minutes of handing in my forms I was being asked to come to the back and prepare myself for an exam. Now if you remember going to the dentists as a child you remember waiting for seemed like days before even being seen... then meeting some very unfriendly, and rough hands *shivers*I entered the office at 11am, and left by 12pm. Not impressed? well in that time I had spoken with the dentists Dr Tounian, and his assistant. Had x-rays taken. Went through a detailed explanation of the issues, and corrective actions needed. Was explained the costs before having any work done, and had a cleaning, all in one hour.I have another appointment coming up in the next few days, and I'm actually excited to have my teeth worked on. If you've ever had any apprehensions about seeing a dentist, I would strongly recommend coming here so they can change your mind.Very professional =)
2	Nice place good location..but be ready for a UP SALE. .they tell you they aren't doing...but do..a normal clean exam xray for $40.turned out to be $740..if I wanted the clean. They did give me my $40 back. But wow like they say too good to be true of a deal..IT IS!..not a up sale ha ha..totally was. The dentist didnt even have shrubs on..how would I even know he was the dentist???
5	The staff is very welcoming and nice. My checkin and paperwork went very smooth. The clinic is very clean and spacious. It's located in North Las Vegas. I'm new to the area and they got me in very fast for a cleaning. I don't have insurance at the moment, and they have a special for new patients, $40 x-Ray/cleaning! That's an awesome deal. Dr. Arvin Tounian was very warm and he spent time with me explaining my oral health. After a long time I have found a great Dentist and a staff that genuinely cares about their patients!
5	I don't yelp review often but when I do...I'm reviewing my AWESOME dentist!!!I was overdue for my dental checkup and found myself at North View Dental b/c of Dr. Hoang!!!  I had previously seen Dr. Hoang and had an amazing dental visit and wanted to ensure I had a repeat.  The entire staff from front to back was great, extremely friendly and nice.  Dr. Hoang is super gentle and caring. Could have not asked for a better dental experience.
