5	Lurking behind an unassuming exterior and an incongruous kitschy diner-like interior lies one of Montreal's best sushi restaurant. I had wandered by it numerous times thinking it was just another generic sushi take-out joint that now litter the city before finally inspecting it closer. I noted the packed crowds inside and the glowing write-ups on the door and thought it must be one of those hidden gems that only people in the neighborhood know about. Turns out I was wrong. Montreal sushi aficionados know Tri's work (Tri is the name of the sushi master chef) from two high end places he worked at before opening his own place. Considering the cramped and unglamorous interior, the place is not cheap (it probably rivals more expensive sushi restaurants in Montreal like Shodan or Maiko and a very basic dinner for two with the simplest combination plate will run about $70) but the sushi is better than any I had in the city. The fish is incredibly fresh, the presentation is beautiful, and the combination of flavors and textures are truly impressive. It's my new favorite sushi place in town.
5	Best sushi in town. It's an old school diner converted into a sushi restaurant, and all the decorations were created by the main man Tri himself, and there's an absolute Plateau charm to the place.And the food--well, like I said, best sushi in town. Pricey? Budget between $30-40 per person. And make a reservation if you're there for a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday night.
5	Tri Express is the size of a walk-in closet yet packs a ton of personality in both decor and personnel: master sushi chef Tri is friendly (haven't cleaned my hand since shaking his!) and his place is just as bright and welcoming.And the sushi's delicious.While this BYOB is a charming date spot, sizable parties may wish to opt for take away. Get the omakase menu to go (no joke). Everything is expertly prepared and packaged, ready to handle the trek to your flat. The sushi is marvelously fresh, the sashimi heavenly, and the flavors creative (try the rice crackers topped with seafood). Plus, there's plenty of wasabi and ginger if needed.Bring cash.
3	There's been a buzz about this restaurant for years but I've never been until today. I really liked it! It definitely has that cool "Plateau" vibe. Like everybody says, the place is really small and really buzzing (do take out if you are a group of more than 4). We had the chef special, which was about a selection of best sushis/dishes. The food was fresh, inventive and delicious. Montreal doesn't have a great selection of Japanese restaurants compared to other places I've been. However, Tri is probably one of the best in the city.
4	This is the best sushi in Montreal, a city with pretty terrible sushi, but Triexpress is fantastic. The atmosphere is eclectic and cozy, the bar is the best seat to watch the chefs at work, and their tri-express special sashimi (look for the lobster specifically) can't be missed. the Laurier is a great roll, and going for the "chef's inspiration" never disappoints. Its cash only, and no alcohol, but you won't miss not being able to wash your meal down with wine or sake. Don't tell to many people, its already difficult to get a seat on the weekend.
4	very tasty fishwe were there on a sunday and were one of two peoples there. everyone else was takeout. we must have seen 10 or so takeout orders leave while there.the sushi was great. the spicy tuna and the toro sashimi were excellent.the filet special on rice was not so great. it was overcooked and outside of the off ginger sauce it was flavorless. not sure why there are 4 dollar signs here for 60 bucks we ate to our sushi hearts desire.Didn't try any other sushi while in Montreal so I can't say it was the best but it is definitely a solid choice if you are looking for good quality fishes!
5	My favorite  sushi place in Montreal. The owner is the former sushi chef at Kaizen. It's always packed so I do take-out. They have 50$ menu for two that can't be beat. Anywhere. Ever.
5	For me, It's the best sushi in montreal,OK this place has so many good dishes, best is to go with friends, like 4 ppl is the best so you can really order some food, and sample. The place is small, it's casual, eat and go place, and the service is very efficient.First the salads, both the lobster and filet mignon (seared but rare) salads are good, trust me you have never had salad like this before!!!The chef has this "mix" that he calls "Tri's" , it's basically tobiko, tempura (which are like salty rice crispies) mixed with your selected fish or lobster and spicy mayo. it's good but it can get rich if you order too much of it. I recommend one or two dishes of the Tri style. The Tri style is peppered throughout the menu...The sushi pizza is worth a mention, it's pricey but feeds 2-4 ppl. The topping is Tri style and easily 10 cm tall, lol. you can have it with salmon or tuna or lobster if you want something cooked.The Sashimi (salmon or tuna or both) is the most original and tasty I've ever had anywhere. it comes drenched in soy sauce, with spicy sprinkles, roasted sesame seeds, and granny smith  juliennes. The soy sauce is perfectly balanced. I'm not too fond of sashimi, but this one I always order when I'm here...Of the rolls, special mention to the cucumber roll, it's called  "le divin" instead of nori, it is rolled with cucumber, it comes with special soy sauce and it's fresh and light.The other roll i like is the "favori de Tri" which is wrapped in rice paper, original. The fish here is always top notch and fresh!!! though it would be nice if the slices were thicker...I've brought friends from all over and they all liked it because it's quite different from regular sushi places... even the sushi snobs from NYC and vancouver like this place so there you go ;)oh and remember cash only !!! about 30$ per person, 45$ if you're a pig :P
5	I relish visiting Montreal because of Tri Express. I've been tempted to buy a plane ticket just to eat there. Chef Tri is the rockstar of the sushi world and I'm totally and unabashedly a groupie. I don't throw my panties at him when he's making sushi but the food is that good that I've been tempted too. I first encountered his genius ingredient pairings when he was at Kaizen and also at Le Petit Treehouse but I much prefer his latest incarnation at Tri Express. C'est magnifique!Tips: Go with a few people (max 4... the tables are tiny!) and order Omakase III. It is the best way to experience his mastery at work.
5	Ahhhhh the kind of sushi that you dream about day and night... Tri Express is THE place to get the best sushi at the most affordable price!!! Do reserve in advance if you want the awesome place at the bar. Or else, you can also call to take out!And ask for the tasting menu (not the 5 services one!), they will bring you 3 to 4 dishes at around 20-25$ per person! And it would not be your boring everyday sushishop kind of sushi! no no no no! the sushis literally melt in your mouth! The rice is slightly warm and vinegary... hmmm and the fish is of course the freshest you can get. Their tuna carpaccio is served with sliced green apples and ginger with a fresh and delicious soya sauce. It will make you like your plate! Then you have the famous sushi pizza, which is a yummy and crispy mixture of lobster, tempura, caviar with their special sauce, served in a pyramid on a rice cracker! It is a party in your mouth!!!My oh my, not enough good things can be said about this place! The service is top notch and efficient. The food absolutely the best. But they just accept cash. Meh. Fair enough. And do finish your meal by walking a few streets down to Bo Bec for an awesome ice cream :)
4	Despite us both getting a little bit "sick" the next day, the food was delicious.  Not sure how you rate a restaurant when that happens, but we will probably go back!Edit:  Went back.  Delicious as always.  Waitress was nice, but probably too sick to be working.
4	The food was delicious.  I think that it is probably the best sushi I've had in Montreal (and the added surprise factor from having ordered in French was an experience).That said, I am not a big fan of the setup.  I can understand the appeal of the decor/ambience, and I think that I would have really enjoyed it had it not been busy.  When we went, though, it was so busy that I was getting jostled the whole time.  We were sitting right next to the cash, and things were a bit hectic.
5	Best sushi in Montreal.
4	Best sushi I've had in Montreal.We usually take a set menu at 25$ which gets us the lot: sushi tartare, sashimi, sushi, maki. Always leaving with a very full stomach.Always very fresh and the service is quick.I would advise to make a reservation even if you go on a week day as the place is tiny and fills up very quickly. Also, they only take cash.
1	Best sushi in Montreal? The rice tasted like dishwashing soap, perhaps the chef forgot to rinse his hands. I wanted to say something however my buddy who lives 2 houses down from this place is a regular here. He was making excuses so I let it go because they take good care of him.I'm fortunate to know a bit about sushi because i'm good friend's with a Japanese chef who has taught me alot. Maki rolls stuffed with crunchy tempura is not sushi. The other thing that bothered me about this place is how they don't accept anything other than CASH. Not impressed!
3	Pros:- Great filet mignon salad- Cute retro decorCons:- Small- Only takes cash- Service with a shrug not a smileNeutral:- Decent sushi, but not amazing- No free tea *pout*- Pricey (for someone who lived in BC)
4	This has to be the tastiest sushi in Montreal by far.  I tried the omakase menu which is a tasting menu so we got to try a bunch of different types of sushi.   It is hard to pick a favourite kind but I think at the end of the day the salmon sashimi was the winner.The service was pretty quick however it was difficult to get the waiter's attention when he wasn't serving us dishes.  We were a group of 6 and they didn't bring enough soy sauce for us so not everyone got some.  When we tried to flag down the waiter for more we couldn't find him.  Take note that it is cash only and a very small place so reservations are an absolute must.  In my experience they do sittings so you have to be out by a certain time for the next group of people to come in.
5	WOW the sushi here was AMAZING!  I am still dreaming about it.  Next time I visit Montreal, I am definitely returning to Tri Express.  Great food, great service, really nice decor.  Such a small and cute restaurant, but I would recommend a reservation since it's tiny and it was PACKED when I was there.
5	Some of the best sushi in town. Tri had blessed several other notable sushi restaurants with his talents before opening up his own spot deep in the residential area of the Plateau.We've never visited without him sending over an order of his specialty on the house.Tri Express has very few tables and they close up really early (9pm) weekdays. Weekends til 10pm, and although they don't serve Alcohol its not a BYO.They do have a huge picnic table outside and they don't mind you bringing over a bottle for your meal.
4	It's the best sushi place in Montreal after Jun I (which is insanely expensive and a different vibe altogether).The 5 course omakase menu is great and totally reasonably priced. The fish is always super fresh and the service is quick.Dishes are amazingly tasty but there's a lot of mayo and tempura in most of them so if you are one of those minimalistic sushi people this might not be the best option for you.The space is super eclectic and very casual. it's fun but not ideal if you are a) a very large person or b) looking for an intimate conversation with someone about something really serious.The word "express" really describes the tone of the place. It really goes like this: in, eat, out.  It's NOT a place to sit around and chat for hours on end.
4	A few quick points worth noting:*CASH ONLY. Be sure to have a pocket full of guap.*NO ALCOHOL. If you're into pairing wine with your sushi, this ain't the place for you.*RESERVE YOUR PARTY. It's highly advised that you call ahead to avoid the wait.Peep the photos in my review and you'll regret not coming sooner. FYI, your honored cutie will be mesmerized with the decor and vibe. Style and cool points are definitely in your future my friend.Tri Express and I have quite a few things in common. We are both nestled in a hipster village, rich in texture, small in stature but full in flavor, and are both accessible by the Orange Line; Tri via STM in The Plateau (Laurier), and me via MBTA in Jamaica Plain. That only means one thing: We were absolutely destined to cross paths and culinarily knock boots, with the aid of some chop sticks. Kinky I know.The staff here are very personable and easy to spark a conversation with. The sushi chefs suggested spots to hit that locals frequent for a nights worth of some good times. You guys were great! We'll meet again very soon.*Beantowns Finest*
3	Three of us tried the $25 tasting menu. It was a good price but nothing was like WOW. It seemed like this place have a lot of deliveries as the waiters were pretty busy most of the time. This is definitely a good sushi place for delivery standard, but maybe not worth the effort to go in and sit down for their food. This place does not offer authentic sushi. They put avocado in every roll, which I don't like at all. Their new style sashimi was good, creatively topped with some apple added some unique flavour. But everything else was just so so.
5	DnsjahwidnemsknegngnrjejebrbwTHIS PLACE IS JUST AMAZING. I have never tried sushis as good since I've been in Vancouver . Not much picture because I was with a group of people and it looked too odd! Yeah I'm old fashion , I have to let others enjoy their food before harassing them for a picture ... Anyway , the restaurant is mad busy so don't bother coming without a reservation if your party is more than three. THEY STILL DO OFFER TAKEOUTS , y'all should take that in note :) I'm a bit biased as I was invited for an event that was pretty made by the son's owner . However , the cuisine and the food was impeccable , I think I'm pretty much in one with that place . Service is very efficient and fast . The crowd is young , trendy and hipster . But no worries everyone is accepted in this place , they will still serve you with a big smile hehehe.Food is great , or A to the M TO THE A TO SO ZINGGGGG , can you hear me now ? It's just freaking amazing . Y'all gotta try the salad cause the sauce tastes so good and me likes when it melts within mah mouth .The rolls are huge and very well made , I am saying this as I have experienced Vancouver Japanese cuisine and this is on par ! Did you hear me yelper? IT IS ON PAR!Okay me thinks I'm going a little crazy , but tri express is definitely a must try in term of sushi WITHIN MONTREAL .Worry less about my words , and go discover this charming place . Hey I'll for sure become a regular here :$
5	Just delicious! The omakase was nice, but there is an amazing dish of sashimi. There was nothing I was not satisfied with. I dare say it is among my top sushi restaurants that I have visited in my life. This place is cash only, and very busy -- make reservations ahead of time and bring cashNote: there is not only no alcohol here, but it's also NOT byob.
