5	We were t-boned by a car that ran a stop sign and are very glad we chose this location to help us deal with the aftermath of the collision. Our car was eventually deemed a total loss but Paul and Leslie helped us through the entire process above & beyond, providing great advice and service throughout. This included getting us into a rental, getting the most out of salvage for our vehicle, working with the other party's insurance, and in general just helping us get through what was a very stressful situation. As our car was totaled, we can't speak to their repair ability. We can definitely vouch for their overall helpfulitude though.
5	Awesome experience and friendly staff! Take your car if you're looking for honest work and bid.
1	I would not recommend this place to anyone. My girlfriends Jeep was taken in there after her accident. Her front axle tube on the Dana 30 was actually broken. Once the axle was replaced they gave her the run around about the alignment and could not get it to track straight. We took it back for the alignment to be done...not to mention they did not blend the paint to match the rest of the vehicle until we complained about it and they took it back to repaint the other surrounding areas so the hood would not stand out as new paint at the same time we took it back to look at the alignment again. My girlfriend mentioned that the Jeep was swaying and not tracking straight. They said they "fixed it" and gave it back once the the paint was done. The Jeep still pulled to the left and she was just so frustrated that she didn't want to go back to them and do it. We haven't driven the Jeep much lately and when I was driving it last week on the freeway I noticed the Jeep was swaying back and forth a little bit. It felt like like it was tracking left and right. The steering wheel had just a little slop left to right with the sway. Then yesterday while driving home from work the entire Jeep was swaying back and forth. We had to come to a complete stop. I checked under the front end believing something came loose and noticed that the rear track bar bracket on the axle side was hanging to the ground. The bracket broke off. There was no way this bracket just decided to let loose for no reason. There is no doubt in my mind that this bracket was already on its way out after the accident. There are three sides of the bracket that are welded to the axle. The left side was completely torn off clean. The right was bent out an inch, and the bottom part of the bracket itself was a straight rip. This tells me that the axle was already shifted over to the passenger side after the accident happened and broke the weld on the left, bent the right and started to rip the bottom part off. So this whole time the swaying feeling was the axle trying to center itself under the Jeep since the rear track bar was about to rip off the axle. How did they not catch this? Did then even look over the entire Jeep, or just the front end?You don't have to understand Jeeps, 4x4 vehicles, how trackbars work, or anything else here other than the fact that this bracket breaking at high speeds could have killed us. My question to them would be whether they gave the whole Jeep a solid look over. Just because the accident is in the front doesn't mean you neglect the rear. Or does it?The Jeep drove perfect before the accident, never tracked to the left, and never swayed at high speeds. I stand by my review that the bracket was over looked and this could have cost us our lives. Imagine, just imagine if this bracket broke off on the highway at 75 instead of the streets at 45? The best part is that the guy(s) working on the Jeep made her feel comfortable about their skills and working with Jeeps as they were Jeep guys and liked off-roading. Again you don't need to know Jeeps to know how to do your job and give a vehicle a full shake down before you sign off on the repairs being completed.I find it interesting that no one has even contacted us to ask questions since this review has been posted on Google and their website.
1	My review has been filtered and I will be doing anything I can for this to be seen. No one and I mean no one should ever go to this location. Maybe the other locations are better, I don't know. This review needs to be posted.Original review here."I would not recommend this place to anyone. My girlfriends Jeep was taken in there after her accident. Her front axle tube on the Dana 30 was actually broken. Once the axle was replaced they gave her the run around about the alignment and could not get it to track straight. We took it back for the alignment to be done...not to mention they did not blend the paint to match the rest of the vehicle until we complained about it and they took it back to repaint the other surrounding areas so the hood would not stand out as new paint at the same time we took it back to look at the alignment again. My girlfriend mentioned that the Jeep was swaying and not tracking straight. They said they "fixed it" and gave it back once the the paint was done. The Jeep still pulled to the left and she was just so frustrated that she didn't want to go back to them and do it. We haven't driven the Jeep much lately and when I was driving it last week on the freeway I noticed the Jeep was swaying back and forth a little bit. It felt like like it was tracking left and right. The steering wheel had just a little slop left to right with the sway. Then yesterday while driving home from work the entire Jeep was swaying back and forth. We had to come to a complete stop. I checked under the front end believing something came loose and noticed that the rear track bar bracket on the axle side was hanging to the ground. The bracket broke off. There was no way this bracket just decided to let loose for no reason. There is no doubt in my mind that this bracket was already on its way out after the accident. There are three sides of the bracket that are welded to the axle. The left side was completely torn off clean. The right was bent out an inch, and the bottom part of the bracket itself was a straight rip. This tells me that the axle was already shifted over to the passenger side after the accident happened and broke the weld on the left, bent the right and started to rip the bottom part off. So this whole time the swaying feeling was the axle trying to center itself under the Jeep since the rear track bar was about to rip off the axle. How did they not catch this? Did then even look over the entire Jeep, or just the front end?You don't have to understand Jeeps, 4x4 vehicles, how trackbars work, or anything else here other than the fact that this bracket breaking at high speeds could have killed us. My question to them would be whether they gave the whole Jeep a solid look over. Just because the accident is in the front doesn't mean you neglect the rear. Or does it?The Jeep drove perfect before the accident, never tracked to the left, and never swayed at high speeds. I stand by my review that the bracket was over looked and this could have cost us our lives. Imagine, just imagine if this bracket broke off on the highway at 75 instead of the streets at 45? The best part is that the guy(s) working on the Jeep made her feel comfortable about their skills and working with Jeeps as they were Jeep guys and liked off-roading. Again you don't need to know Jeeps to know how to do your job and give a vehicle a full shake down before you sign off on the repairs being completed.I find it interesting that no one has even contacted us to ask questions since this review has been posted on Google and their website."
