1	Decided to check this place out because they had a good deal on GrouponNow.Very unprofessional and unorganized. Look, just because you are an aesthetician doesn't mean you can run a business. This particular establishment is a prime example.I bought the GrouponNow which is only valid for a time specified for one day. In this case I had until 6pm to redeem. I tried calling all morning to schedule an appt. No answer.So I just went down there. Walked in, rang the bell, heard some ladies chatting in the back. After waiting for 15 mins, I finally walked into the back and said HELLO?! Finally the owner came out and said they were closed. Closed? I informed her that she had a GrouponNow running that day. She apologized and offered me a free treatment for my inconvenience. I appreciated that and left.When I called back to schedule they said they were booked up for the next month! Today, I saw another GrouponNow for them and decided to call and see of they had any openings. This time, at least someone answered the phone! She told me they were booked up the next month. What?I'm just confused as to why this business keeps running GrouponNow specials that people cannot redeem?A med spa needs to be staffed and organized before they open their doors. This business is an unprofessional disaster. I hope people check Yelp before buying Groupons to so-called med spas.
1	I'm right there with Janee. I bought another offer via kgb deals in April. They were booked a month out when I called to schedule my facial/massage combo. No problem. Made the appointment for May 4. I was called the day before our appointment and told the masseuse had  family emergency and since I was doing a combo treatment did I want to reschedule. I said that would be fine. Little did I know how difficult it would be to reschedule. I was told I'd get a callback in a week when they could start rescheduling again. I received a call two weeks later asking if I still wanted to come in. Duh, yes. Then was told I'd get a callback to schedule something by the end of the week. Three weeks later (six weeks since my appointment was cancelled) and I still haven't received a followup call. Left three messages on their machine. And called about a dozen more times. I would advise folks to NOT buy any "deals" from this company until they get their ISH together. With the crappy service BEFORE the treatment, I'm glad I'm not going. Afraid I'd get some used and tainted wax, facial towels or whatever else! SCARY!
5	Read some bad reviews, infeel i should tell my experience. I too bought a deal, and have had excellent service! Of course they are going to book up, their deals are ridiculous cheap. What I priced elsewhere at $1800 I'mgetting for $200. The staff are super friendly, helpful, and knowledgable. I found out the owner is somewhat of an expert in the dermatology field, and teaches aroun the world. The office is spotless and modern. My laser hair removal was virtually painless with the newer laser technology. I highly recommend Alli..
5	I've never written a review on yelp, or anywhere else for that matter. I feel I should write one regarding my  experience with Alli.   I've been going there for a few months now, and have had nothing but a great experience! They couldn't be any nicer. They treat me, and everybody else I've ever seen in there, with courtesy and respect. They are very friendly, and familiar with you after your first visit :-)Yes,  I have called a few times and had a hard time getting through, but II can't imagine any business keeping up with the demand, when offering deals on Groupon. I think people should understand, that when you're getting such a great deal on Groupon, you will probably have to wait a while to get in. It did take me a couple of weeks to get in, but after that, I've been able to make a regular appointment every week. It was well worth the wait in the first place. I also don't know anything about anyone there saying they are a doctor. I was never told that. I also happen to know that the machine for the treatment I am receiving, is new technology. I researched it before I started my sessions. I can only speak from my experience, but I felt I needed to put this review on yelp. They have met every expectation of mine, and then some. I would recommend them to anyone :-)  AND by the way....I drive 40 mins to get there every week, so obviously I'm very happy with them.  There are plenty of places much closer to me.
5	I can't believe that anyone could write a poor review. I've been going to this location for several types of treatments over the last year. They are extremely professional,  personable and have earned my long term business over and over again. Great deals even if you don't use their specials. I've told all my friends about them and at least 7 of them are clients now and are referring their friends too.
1	I have been coming here for laser removal for a year, to use a groupon. Now....I love the owner. We get along great, I think she is a brilliant woman, but horrible at business. In 1 year, I went to 2 locations, 3 appointment cancellations and through 3 laser techs. I am standing outside their current location, locked out, with no one here for my appointment. The place is being boxed up, as I'm sure they are moving again and no one is answering any of my messages. I am extremely disappointed.
