4	I was a few minutes late for my appointment, but they were very understanding. Receptionist was a little chilly and not overly friendly. Dr Leach was excellent! Easy to talk to and most importantly, did not rush!
1	So apparently this was suppose to be a nice place, which is why I choose to visit them for foot care.  However, I could not recommend them after my visit and here is why.I met with Dr. Schulman, I was off work for this issue and when seen by Dr. Schulman he recommended a doppler to check for adequate circulation so as to ensure proper healing when the procedure was done, which was to treat an ingrown nail. My anticipation and why I went visited in the first place was to treat and in-grown toe nail. He prescribed a cream, which he said was to soften the nail, with NO MENTION of the end result of the nail FALLING OFF.  How long?  THREE MONTHS!!! So, why the doppler, Dr. Schulman if you never planned to do the procedure?  When I asked him why I had to get the doppler to check for adequate circulation his response was, "I just had to know."  On top of getting unnecessary procedures(don't get me wrong it would have been a correct thing to do if they were planning to do a surgical removal of the nail or partial nail, but apparently this was never the case) they never called in the script for the cream.  When I checked back with them they said they called it in to the wrong store.  After checking with the "wrong" store I found out it had never been called in at all.  In the meantime I have missed 1 week of work thinking I would get a nail removal and in turn still have my problem, missed now a week of work with no resolution.  Oh and did I mention the "cream" is $150.00.  Customer service is terrible. I am not an unreasonable person and rarely even fill these out but this one I had to....  I will never recommend or return again!!! Beware.
1	Practice is ran horribly.  Their goal is to rack up your bill by doing unnecessary tests, scans and treatment.  And 1/2 of the procedures they recommend are not covered by your insurance.  The cherry on top is the office manger is a total evil witch!
5	I have suffered with a painful and embarrassing foot problem  for ten years. The people at this practice could not be nicer. They made me feel comfortable and not embarrassed. Dr. Horvath explained all of my options and gave me time to ask questions. The front desk staff could warm up a little, but I highly recommend this practice.
5	I have been going here for some time. My foot was operated on 7 times by other doctors. I was told I was at the end. Amputation was in my Vocabulary. I was making a choice of going to the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio. I made one last effort to see Dr. Zang from this office. I have heard nothing but GREAT remarks about this man.Yes, I agree and all the doctors are aware of the front desk issues. And I assure you the Board is working on that issue. I have personsonaly spoke to several Docs and nurses on the front desk. And I wrote a letter to the board on this issue. Anyways, seriously get past the front desk and you DO get the ABSOLUTE  BEST CARE EVER!!!  The docs are worth the wait and hassle from the front desk. My first appt with Zang. He knew my Issue immediately and brought in Dr Kroleski to check me out. (The great news is - she trained at the Cleveland Clinic- so Zangs joke on the first day is Tammy I will bring the Cleveland Clinic to you). Dr. Kroleski is rated one of the top Docs at the Cleveland Clinic. And Dr. Zang is a TOP NOTCH DOCTOR IN AZ. This office performed a couple surgeries on me. Mostly making repairs from my previous doctors. And my foot is better than ever. Amputation is out of the question as long as I do what the doctors advised me. They did their part now it's up to me to do mine. Dr Zang designed some artificial parts, which I have in my right foot. I don't care if it's the smallest problem from clipping toe nails to your foot falling off. This office is a God Sent. They did not pay me, not even asked me for a review. But as I read some reviews I'm shaking my head. I personally know what this office is capable of doing. In order to heal YOU MUST DO YOUR PART. THE DOCS CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH. THE REST IS UP TO US TO DO OUR PART FOR HEALING!!!I did give 5 Stars because of the knowledge of the docs. Which takes away from the front desk issue. Once ur behind that door and your with the doc you actually forget about the girls upfront. Dr Zang and Kroleski. You both ROCK!!!
2	Dr. Siegel:  Was immediately given sales pitch to purchase $450 orthotics along with injections that would not be covered by insurance. There wasn't even much discussion about it and he sent the technician in to scan my feet.  Never saw what they'd look like nor what they would do.  I did get an almost pain-free cortisone shot that was covered by insurance.  The Dr. seemed un-focused and I won't be going back.
1	They are inefficient and sloppy (at running the practice). I've sat twice for over an hour each time when I had booked an appointment. When I called to confirm my appointment they didn't even have my orthotics ready and had to pain me out a month because they "forgot to order it."  Dr zhang is great but his office is a waste of time. I will be going elsewhere. I am a professional as well and I can't imagine making my clients wait for an hour when they have an appointment.Again I note the dr. And his nurses are great, the receptionist needs to be replaced. Asap.
