5	Can't recommend this highly enough.My grandpuppy is a Maltipoo who hates being groomed and has been cut and traumatized by groomers elsewhere.  The wonderful groomer at A Doggie in the Window gave Max times out during his grooming session so he could calm down.  He came home happy and in beautiful shape.
5	I have been a customer since A Doggie In The Window opened this year. My two dogs are daycare clients, and they have been groomed, too.  Brandon is an extremely talented groomer, and both my dogs absolutely adore him. They return home happy, tired, and looking beatiful.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	What a great find. The service is fantastic, the pricing reasonable and the results incredible. Tucked away in a small strip mall across the street from world famous Bandaids cabaret, Doggie In The Window is an unassuming storefront that holds amazing treasures inside. Unpretentious and welcoming, the owner Brandon greets everyone with a smile and will turn your dirty mutt into a champion show dog in a matter of hours.I'm hooked; why aren't you?
5	Well, I owe Maria Cody a great big THANK YOU because I completely forgot about "A Doggie in the Window" Pet Grooming at 7th street and Virginia as an option after A Family Affair Pet Grooming closed. So after my haircut around the corner this morning, I stopped in and met the owner, Brandon.  What a nice guy! I explained to him that we were losing our groomer and that he used to pick up - and drop off the dogs, and that we were reluctantly switching to a mobile groomer, since most of the other groomers didn't offer the same service.  Brandon though about it for a second and said "I'll pick them up and drop them off if that would help."So, my dogs have a new groomer and I'm SO happy that Maria recommended him!  I'll update my review after the dogs have been in, but I'm happy so far!
5	Kirby (a soft-coated Wheaten Terrier) and Scout (a Yorkshire Terrier) look fantastic after spending the afternoon with Brandon at "A Doggie In The Window."  Ollie and Beau Beau (2 Chinese Cresteds) will go in the next week or so and I have no doubt that they'll look just as great as the first two when they're finished.Brandon took his time and both the dogs really liked him.  Very reasonable to boot!
5	There are a lot of great things to be said about Brandon and his approach to grooming. This place is laid back, unpretentious, priced accordingly and on top of that, B knows just what he's doing. He's calm, cool, and collected and manages to put my most nervous dog at ease. He's confident, organized and just an all around nice guy. His grooming is meticulous. And I trust him completely with my four-legged babies. That's half the battle of finding a good groomer. Brandon's even babysat my most skiddish of the bunch--who I was afraid to put in a traditional boarding scenario.
5	Sicily looks FANTASTIC!!!  And Brandon left her long beautiful eyelashes without me having to ask!  Her paw pads were perfect and she did not seem traumatized by this visit like she had from Petsmart.  I will certainly return!
5	Brandon did a excellent job on our part chow-chow, Oreo, who is very scared and nervous around any strangers.  Oreo has a lot of hair and it was matted in some spots.  Brandon took his time trying to ease her nerves by going slow and being patient.  Oreo looks beautiful for a very affordable price.  We will definitely return soon.
5	ANOTHER 5-Star shout-out to Brandon for making my Shee-Poo, Sicily, look SO incredibly adorable that everyone wants to know: WHO is her hairstylist!!!?  I won't go anywhere else!  Consistently PERFECT!!!
5	My dogs, Muttzi and Fooshti, LOVE Brandon and his grooming shop. It's a special day for them when they get to go to the spa! Brandon is a fabulous groomer, not just talented in his craft, but totally connects with the dogs. He does house calls! My Muttzi is in a splint and Brandon came to my home to trim nails and hair. What a gift you are Brandon! I LOVE A Doggie in the Window!
5	This place is wonderful. Brandon does a great job grooming our 2 dogs. He is friendly, very professional, and his setup is perfect for the dogs (that is, the dogs get to wait with other dogs while they are getting ready to be groomed...so for the dogs, its like a day care setup). Anyway, his prices are great, and his work is exceptional. This was our first visit, and I will not take our dogs anywhere else in the future. I give Doggie in the Window my highest recommendation.
5	Can I just say I love Brandon and so do our two silky terriers! He came as referral and I'm so thrilled to have found him. He's so flexible, kind and does a great job every single time. I love that he is a cage free groomer :)
5	Thanks, fellow Yelpers, for the stellar reviews of Brandon, the wonder groomer. My cat Charlotte has out-of-control fur that needs at least semi-annual shaving, and I was not happy with the last groomer who made her face uneven and lopped off half of her whiskers. I told Brandon what Charlotte liked (the lion poof tail) and what annoyed her (the leg fur they left long) and he groomed her exactly to my specifications. He even clipped her nails, gave her a bath, and cleaned out her ears. Charlotte disliked the bath, but was otherwise putty in Brandon's gentle hands. It became very clear that he is a true animal lover as we exchanged animal rescue stories. He also volunteers his talents at the Humane Society so that the scraggly ones look more presentable for adoption and has fostered for a local no-kill shelter. He has over 20 years experience as a groomer. I couldn't believe that after 1.25 hours of work on Charlotte, he only charged $45.A Doggie in the Window is unpretentious, as others have said, but clean and comfortable. One thing I noticed were all the potted plants- including some beautiful orchids. It makes sense that someone who can keep an orchid thriving would also be such a highly regarded, loving, attentive groomer.
5	I moved out of state last April and I couldn't find a groomer in Marin Co. with a decent review...so what do I do?  I take Sicily to PHOENIX so that Brandon can work his magic!  I might have to move back to Phoenix just for this reason alone.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!
4	First off, don't let the location scare you away. It looks a little sketchy from the outside, but Brandon is a hidden gem of a guy! I've got to take my hat off to anyone who is willing to shave my cat for me, let alone someone who is willing to take 2 hours to do it! He was so gentle and kind ... my cat had never been groomed by anyone other than me before and he was very patient and gentle with her. This visit was so successful I'm going to start doing it annually! Thanks Brandon!
2	I'm very sad to have to dock A Doggie in the Window. I had such a great experience the first time, I was eager to bring my cat Charlotte back. I called for an appointment about 6 weeks ago. I left a clear and detailed message. No return call. About 2 weeks later, I call again. Same result. From Aleta L.'s review, it doesn't sound like they have stopped doing cats. My cat was so well behaved last time, I know that wasn't it. I left a generous tip, and wrote a 5-star Yelp review, so that can't be it.So, what gives? Answer your messages.
5	Brandon is a great groomer and human being - and you can tell because people come far and wide to have their dogs groomed by him. Seriously. Like Florida sometimes.I have been to a lot of groomers, and this place is serene and calm - which really reflects on the dogs. They are calm because the environment is calming. Very important, in my opinion.
5	I don't trust anyone but Brandon with my pets. My dog was always fearful when I would take him to the bigger corporate groomers. He is just so good with them. I have been getting my toy poodle groomed with Brandon for a couple of years and he always looks awesome and I know he doesn't dread coming in like he has with other groomers in the past. He also gives my dog an awesome mohawk and in the past I had to do the mohawk myself when I got him home. I recommend him to everyone.I just adopted a cat and he was nice enough to get him in on my day off. The cat was kind of dirty and his nails were overgrown. I knew I could trust him to be gentle with my scared boy and he was a happy boy when I came to pick him up.It's been mentioned that calls don't get returned and that is a problem but it's easily fixed by booking the appointment at the time of service. It's not a big place and he is almost always working with our pets rather than looking at the phone.I really appreciate how good you are to my animals!Thanks,Cami
5	Once again, Brandon is the cat whisperer! This is the second year I've taken my grumpy cat in for a summer shave. When I drop her off she's hissing and threatening to pee on my pillow out of vengeance, and when I go pick her up she's purring and so happy she doesn't want to leave! He's amazing!The only reason why I marked him lower last time was because it's tricky to get an appointment set up... indeed he's bad about checking voicemail and calling you back, as other reviews note. I'm over it. I just call him a couple times until I get him and book the appointment. I won't take my cat anywhere else!
1	Walked in on Brandon while he was grooming my father-in-law's bichon...apparently he didn't hear me.  He hit her hard on top of her head before he noticed I was there.  I was shocked that he would do that, especially to Midget, who is small and old.I wouldn't trust him with any of my dogs after seeing that.
5	We won't take our dogs anywhere else besides "A Doggie in the Window," he does a great job. It should be noted the one minus about "A Doggie in the Window" is that Brandon can be a bit tough to get ahold of. If Yelp! allowed it, I'd probably give a 4.5 star review due to that. But since Brandon's prices are extremely reasonable and he does an amazing job, I rounded up to 5 stars.Our 2 Shih Tzus Sammy & Brindle love Brandon too. If you see them looking cute as can be in the Country Club Oval Park its because you know Brandon worked his magic again.
