1	I have lived at The Alexan since September of 2010.  When I first moved here, the property management company was Greystar, however this changed in summer of 2012.  The property is now managed by Holland Residential and the staff is all new. When Holland took over management, they fired/forced out all of the current staff and maintenance people.  Since this has happened, the service has been absolutely pitiful.  If something small like a clogged drain needed to be fixed before, they used to have someone here the following day, now it takes days/weeks and multiple calls to get someone to stop by.  The office staff is another major problem, most of them are really rude and ignorant people that don't seem to have the time to deal with you.  Their hours are another issue.  I have had packages delivered and rushed to get home from work, only to find that they have closed or locked the doors 5-10 minutes before they are scheduled to close for that day.  They recently changed their hours to where they are not even open on Sunday's anymore, so if Sunday is your only available day, you can forget about it.  About a year ago, they also did away with the rent drop, so now you have to physically take your rent checks up to the office and hand them to an employee during business hours.  This wouldn't be a big deal if I didn't have a roommate where we split the rent and each write a check for rent each month.As for the apartments themselves, they are middle of the road.  I must admit that since I have lived here for three years, I am in one of the non-remodeled apartments, and I understand that they are quite a bit better, but the unit that I am in is nothing special, and definitely not "luxury".  They are pretty over-priced for what you get.There are issues both big and small with this apartment complex, but if you are concerned about being treated with respect and having your issues dealt with in a timely manner, this is not the place for you.
1	We just moved in today! Help!!! I feel as if we have no rights. Filthy unit and no ac all day!  It's 110 degrees out and we have a 6 month old baby. Spoke with Kristen property manager who sent over maintenance. Still not working and what does manager do? Leaves!! Told her I would call the police. She said we are in lease agreement now. Been here for one day. Run! Do not rent here. Any advice would be welcomed for our family.
1	I wouldn't give them any stars at all. The day we moved in the apartment was dirty carpet stained and scratches on the walls. We reported that to the office and they said that maintenance was going to come in to take care of that but they never showed up.  A week ago our neighbor caught his town home on fire, and ours suffered a lot of water and smoke damages. We didn't heard from the property manager until we contacted them to see what was the plan and when the out house was going to be ready for us to move back. So far it's been a week and our house is a complete disaster. we really like the home and the location but they lack customer service skills. We moved from Texas and we were not familiar with the area and didn't have a lot of time to find a place since my husbands job needed him here ASAP. I am pretty sure that we can find something much better for the same price... My advise is to look somewhere else!!!
1	If it were possible to give 0 stars I would. I wish there were reviews for me to read before I signed up here. I was kind of in a hurry to find a place and got suckered in here. Management is rude and uncaring about issues. I went went multiple times with complaints about the dog poop all around, it smells like pure urine when I step out of my house, I have bugs and LIZARDS in my apartment, yes lizards get in here, my apartment is filthy and smells like dirt i asked multiple times to have it cleaned, people park whereever they want even so you ant get out of your driveway, the maintenance guy is grossly inappropriate towards women. I have stopped going to the pool because of him. All these concerns were brought to management and pretty much I was told oh youve never complained before or its not their problem. Worst experience ever here.
