5	Lisa is the best!My boyfriend and I had to go out of town for a wedding and we had no idea what to do with our 4 furry kids (cats). We'd never used a pet sitter before, so we spent a lot of time researching who to use. After several phone calls and checking each pet sitter's website we decided to go with Lisa.The first time Lisa came over for her initial meeting we knew that we'd made the right choice. She was so sweet with the kids. She was also very professional, finding out all of the details for our feeding regimen and supplement/medication needs.While we were out of town she sent us daily emails with reports and pictures. It gave us peace of mind and we looked forward to each one. When we got home the kids looked great they had been brushed out (so they weren't shedding everywhere haha) and the litter box was clean and tidy.We're really glad we found LIsa and now we don't have to worry about what do to whenever we go out of town! Thanks Lisa!
5	Coco and Gigi absolutely loooove Lisa! They are so picky and only close to a few people so it is really hard to find some one to take care of them when I take a trip.Our dogs, which are chihuahuas and pretty much hate everyone else by nature, treated Lisa the same as everyone else. Lisa was very patient and took the time to allow the doggies to calm down and approach her on their own. Within half an hour they were eating out of her hand, tails wagging their entire little bodies!While we are away Lisa sends us text and picture updates of our doggies eating, sleeping or playing, making us feel very comfortable.Lisa was very sweet and professional and gives that vibe that lets you know you've made the right decision. We know our dogs love her!
5	Had to go out of town again in July (this review is a little late) for about 2.5 weeks.  Lisa is still amazing!  The kids were well taken care of when we were gone.  She even left a toy for them when we got back!  She updated us with emails and pictures every day to give us peace of mind.  The house was exactly how we left it and mail was picked up.  We no longer have to worry about the kids when on vacation as we know they (and the house) will be well taken care of.  Def give her a call on your next trip out of town.  You can pm me with any other questions.
5	I tend to only do a review if I was wowed (or the extreme opposite). And I was wowwed. I HIGHLY recommend Lisa's Pet Care Services (which I do even less than I leave reviews).Lisa is AWESOME!!!!!!Her prices seem more than fair. I would have happily paid more if she asked. She is very accommodating, trust worthy and thorough. Extremely thorough and she documents everything (written, texts & pictures).I can't exactly ask my dog what she thought but if she could, her review would be A+++++++ all the away around.Thank you so much Lisa.
5	Lisa has been amazing! I have a four month old puppy who I needed someone to check on and play with when I have longer days at work. I found Lisa via Yelp. I met with her and automatically knew she would be the perfect, most trustworthy, dog-loving person to help out w my pup. She sends photos, videos, texts, and does a detailed report at the end of her visit. She is constantly updating me. Cooper has the best time with her. He loves her sooo much! It is fantastic to know, that when I am away, she is able to take such good care of him. Very reliable as well! Thank you, Lisa!
5	I am so at ease when Lisa watches my two cats. I can tell from her updates each visit that she give them as much love and attention as I do. Per my request, she always sends lots of photos, which makes it easier being away from home. Her initial visit, she asks all the right questions and takes notes. Her rates are very competitive, and if she's already booked up, she'll recommend back-up sitters for you. I cannot imagine a better catsitter for my fur-babies!
5	This woman is nothing short of a saint. I went across the world for 10 days and she took such incredible care of my 2 kitties! She made me feel like she loved them just as much as I do!! She sent me the sweetest emails everyday along with videos and pictures. When I came back, my house was clean and my kittens were so happy! She is the only person I trust to take care of my babies when I'm away!!!!!
