5	This place is a great place to make a mess and do crafts with the kids or on your own! All the Pinterest DIY ideas I love can be done here with some help from the friendly staff. The kids can play while us mom's make something awesome. Love this place very unique concept :)
5	This place is AWESOME!  This past sunday I took my daughter and her friend for something to do besides pottery.  Pottery really is expensive so I decided I would bring them here.  For a $12 studio fee you get a canvas or little bag to create a masterpiece and then you can create additional items.  The prices are so reasonable.  I loved  that there was so many choices of items for use from decorative papers, paint, pens, ribbon, fabric, stencils, wine corks, buttons etc.  I was inspired by an Owl picture on Pinterest and that I painted.  My daughter and her friend painted an owl but used fabric for the leaves, paper for the wings and buttons for the eyes.  They each made another project:  one made a pumpkin and one made a bag.  We arrived right when they opened and stayed 4 hours.  The owner goes around and helps everyone and gives tips or suggestions and really encourages the kids.  She has a monthly calendar of classes and has recently added adult classes on top of already offering kids classes.
5	So much fun!  Kendrah is an amazing seamstress.  She is patient and can answer lots of questions  :)  Her crafts are fun, entertaining and very age appropriate.  She has an interactive play area where the kids cant wait to finish their project so they can run free.  Create is a hometown, small business that offers affordable creativity and imagination to our kids!  We love her and her sweet family!
5	This drop is craft studio is spectacular! So many fun things for both kids and moms to do. The owner is very sweet and helpful. And so imaginative. I love to craft but I'm not very creative, she has such great ideas and a beautiful space to work it. It's just a great experience! You have to check it out
