5	For the last seven years that I've lived here, Morningside has become a more and more desolate neighborhood for amenities, especially when it comes to food, and a pleasant atmosphere for eating it, other than your own home. The neighborhood was pretty much limited to a bank (closed in June of 2013) a Rite Aid, a third world mini-mart specializing in lottery tickets, sodas and smokes, as well as some dusty packaged goods, a yinzer pizza shop with a MAJOR trailer park attitude...and six beauty salons that apparently specialize in 'suburban haus frau'. We had a Stagnos that closed several years ago, and a coffee shop that was way to uppity for the neighborhood, which also closed.Oh...and the nuisance bar. That haven for yinzer drunks and drug addicts that made 'working class' look like royalty.Well, that nuisance bar was bought and renovated into a shiny and new Bulldog's Grille, and I have to say, although on opening, they were extremely limited in their offerings, it grew to become a terrific welcomed oasis in the neighborhood.We decided to give it a try a Friday shortly after they'd opened, and were not disappointed on any real level, although once they got their chef up to speed it got even better.On opening, aside from a full bar, they only had four items on their menu for opening week. A chicken salad, wings, a fish sandwich, and I can't remember the fourth. It wasn't a burger, which I'd wished it had been, but that would be coming soon, according to the waitress.So my friend and I, in that never ending search for a fine fish sandwich, opted to try Bulldog's, and we were very pleasantly pleased. Although, in the typical style of da burgh, it came on a freakin' hamburger bun, the fish itself was very tasty, large, and the batter had a yummy zing to it. It was no frills though...just fish and a bun, with tartar sauce, and no inquiry if we'd maybe wanted cheese or lettuce and tomato. But, it was a very decent and filling flavorful sandwich, and the price was very reasonable. It came with fries, which were...well...fries. Nothing special, but not bad. Time went on, and Bulldog's found their chops, and now, a year or so later, that fish sandwich is something to seriously rival ANY of the so-called 'famous' fish sandwiches around town - YES, that means YOU Armand's and Neid's!Once the burgers came into play - impressive again. Ok, they're never going to hit the level of Winghart's. BUT, for a bar burger? These are a step above the norm. Several varieties to choose from, cooked the way you like, and yum.It's a very family owned business, with the owner, his wife, his in-laws, and even a mama running around helping out with the customers, and the place was FULL. At one point, mama even walked around with a tray of pepperoni rolls that she was handing out to anyone who wanted one. That was a very yummy homespun touch. The staff evolved into a knowing and helpful group of friendly faces that really do make you feel at home.And the crowd definitely brought Morningside up a level from what used to spew out of that building on any given day. A lot of family types (of course, it is Morningside) but there were also a lot of young and frankly good looking guys there that never seem to be visible at any other time in the neighborhood. Do they live here? One Kinsey Six could only hope.Terry Golden and his family have brought an oasis into the neighborhood. More upscale than one would expect for the neighborhood, yet, totally unpretentious. Excellent and consistent food, extremely reasonable prices, and just a generally VERY comfortable 'vibe'.On the next visit, I tried the wings. Another winner. Plump, juicy, and creative sauces. Kudos, Bulldog's, for bringing some modern style to an otherwise deprived neighborhood.Addendum: Had to re-write a few things and up it to a full five stars - they've truly earned it.
4	After a year of living in Morningside without a place to grab a drink, we finally have a our own bar and grill. Petrilli's old bar has been beautifully renovated into the Bulldog Pub and Grill. Drink prices were average and the food we tried (wings and steak salad) were good. I will return - and not simply because it is the ONLY bar/restaurant I can walk to!
5	Given the good review content the previous raters wrote, I am missing a star. This place is GREAT!! Average prices for beer? I rarely see Sam Adams seasonals on draft for 4 bucks - good pour too! Owners and girls behind the bar are friendly. Nice atmosphere& look, they kept the old bar but redid everything else so it looks fresh. Yes, the food selection WAS limited when they just opened, but its very decent now. And it tastes f***-ing great!! We ordered burgers last time and they were absolutely fantastic. Like gourmet-style-huge-with-a side-of-fresh-cut-fries-or-chips fantastic. Perk for me and for the cows: they use grass-fed, free range meat!! I usually don't eat meat outside the house bc of animal welfare concerns - but free range works for me!! My husband is quite the burger lover and he agrees that these burgers are, well, fantastic. We went back 5 days later for more burger-and-beer bliss.  So: Have your burger and feel good about it too!!! And don't forget your beer (that always makes you feel good).
5	Just had a fantastic burger at the Bulldog Pub. If you are a fan of the "best" Tessaro burger, you need to give the Bulldog burger a try! AND they have a Monday night special of $5.00 burgers!
5	A much needed pub and restaurant in a fantastic neighborhood. Nice beer selection with great food.
4	I'm really sad that my fiance and I had to move away from Morningside only a few months after the Bulldog Pub opened. It was so convenient to just walk there to grab a drink or dinner on nights we didn't feel like cooking. The bar has a great atmosphere! Everyone is super friendly, especially the owner. All the food I have tried there has been really delicious, especially the wings! Prices are pretty typical for any restaurant/bar.The only complaint I would have is the service, although super friends, was sometimes a little slow, but I totally understand that since it's an up-and-coming place. If you are ever in Morningside you should go here.
4	Had a great time here with my house-mates. Craft Beer night had great free samples, free swag, and I've never been one to complain about $1 off drafts.  We also got wings (of course). Their specialty flavor (Franks and Ranch) were delicious, the garlic parm weren't the best I've ever had, but still good-and cheap!My only complaint is that they don't have enough seating-- it'd be great if they could set up some tables in the front area on the sidewalk (I'm not sure if that requires a special permit?) But other than that we had a fun experience-the employees were GREAT!Glad to have a bar in walking distance!
5	I just moved to morningside a few months ago and fell in love with this little pub. The staff is friendly, the owner is accommodating, the beer/wine/ booze selection is great, and the food is yummy. (Try the burgers, they're fab!) What more could you ask from a neighborhood bar?!
5	Service was fast & friendly. The burgers are delicious.I love that they have cider on tap, and it is surprisingly inexpensive!  Nice atmosphere...it's fun for a night out, but also subdued enough on a weeknight to have a casual business meeting.  Glad to have such a great pub in my neighborhood!
5	Great neighborhood hang out.   Last night I stopped in for a beer and a bite with the wife.   Folks could not have been nicer.   Place had a nice beer selection and a great local vibe.   I had a steak wrap and sweet potato fries that was excellent.    Everything was very reasonably priced.   The place has a roll up door in the front so I am assuming when the weather warms up there will be some outdoor seating.  If you need a bite in Morningside or Highland Park, it's a good choice.
5	Great little place! Good food, good craft beer selection, friendly and attentive service, great music on the juke box, sports on the big screens for those who care about sports - but not overwhelming for those who don't care about a game. Consistent quality over several visits. Close to where I live, but not at all pretentious like some places in nearby Highland Park or Lawrenceville. Very reasonable prices. Only thing I wish for is improved public transit service to this part of Morningside, but that's not something the Bulldog's owner can address.
5	This local pub in morningside is simply fantastic. They have such a comfortable, laid back yet clean ambiance that matches the neighborhood.  The food is fantastic. The fish sandwich is a huge piece of Icelandic cod which could not be better prepared.  The awesome sweet potato fries come with an even better brown sugar butter dip to complement the fries. The smokehouse barbecue chicken sandwich was also fantastic.  Selection of beers is also good and reasonably priced with most beers at around $4. They have east end beers on draft and some nice ciders on draft and bottled including Mackenzie's black cheery cider. I. Short, there is nothing that is short of great in this wonderful neighborhood pub. Will definitely be back.
5	Comfortable atmosphere, fantastic service, terrific prices, wonderful food, and a great beer selection - my only two wishes are a) more vegetarian options on the menu and b) that there was more of what Bulldog is doing around the neighborhood. I don't mean that in the sense that I want some schmuck-ish over-priced gastropub taking up space - I mean, more places that create a real local neighborhood atmosphere, a sense of community, with truly great food. Come on Morningside, if this is what you're capable of, let's get another business into one of those For Rent spaces!!
5	Local neighborhood pub with excellent food, friendly service, and a great beer selection. I recommend the Steel Town wrap, Buffalo Chicken salad, or a burger - yum! Don't miss out on the outdoor seating in their side yard.
4	It's a great place to enjoy with your friends, watch sports, drink some beer and eat some wings. 2nd floor is exciting since people are always playing beer pong. Definitely not a place to dance so don't come here if you're in the "dancing mood"!
4	I liked BULLDOG PUB a lot. It's a cute, nondescript local bar and grill with a very friendly staff and solid menu. They serve standard pub fare, but what I've had so far was really good. Most reviewers here have touted the burgers, but I also highly recommend the chicken Caesar salad. That was yummy, without being overly salty.Of special note was our server Sam, who was bright, attentive, and all kinds of pleasant. She instantly made us feel at home in the pub, and was extremely helpful in suggesting what to pick from the menu. I hope she's there for a while -- she definitely added to the warm atmosphere.Speaking of which, there was a definite feeling that BULLDOG PUB is very much a place of neighborhood congregation. The other patrons during our visit there were obviously all locals and/or regulars. There was a nice easygoing vibe that was contagious.If I lived in Morningside, I would definitely go here more often. (I live in Lawrenceville, and the place that most reminds me of BULLDOG PUB is HAMBONE'S, which is bigger and can accommodate performances.) As it is, I'll still make an effort to get out here whenever possible.Now, let's see that great logo of theirs displayed a little bit more prominently and we'll have ourselves a complete winner! ;)
5	Great local bar and pub! The food is great. The staff is friendly. And we love having a neighborhood bar. My husband loves the wings and I'm a big fan of the sweet potato fries and turkey burger. I would highly recommend.
5	My favorite bar, and right around the corner. I like that their staff is personable and will actually talk to you. The drinks are well priced, and the food is yummy. This perfect small bar.
5	Smokin hot waitresses, awesome food and a great selection of Beer.  What more do you need in a Pub?? - A Pub Crawl would not be complete without a Visit to the Bulldog    AND - it's seconds from Butler Street.
4	How did we not know about this place??  Food was totally awesome, our server was great, and it has a cool vibe.  We visited on a Thursday night around 9pm and it was busy but we managed to score a table with a waitress!  Great Lakes bottles were on special for $3.50 (awesome!) and the food prices are comparable to other bars we frequent. We loved the atmosphere. It felt like there was a higher education level in the room... all from a visual assessment, but there was an academic feel for some reason. That said, the pretentious level was low. We actually had a discussion about how it felt like being in Shadyside, if Shadyside was cool. It was a mix of young and old, locals and the more hip crowd juxtaposed against photos and neighborhood memorabilia on the walls. There is a great list of micros - both on tap and bottled. They also have all the usual domestics. For a bar of its size, the wine list is extensive and with much better selections than the usual Yellow Tail choices at other bars. We ordered medium wings as an app, and I would have preferred they be a little spicier - the sauce was more like a garlic butter than a medium. We ate them and weren't disappointed! Our dinners consisted of a burger/fries and chicken sandwich/fries, which were all great.  My burger was ordered medium and came cooked MEDIUM. YEAH! I also had it topped with pepper jack, lettuce, tomato, and roasted red peppers, which were all fabulous. The chicken was topped with bacon, BBQ sauce, and a something else I forget, but it was gone before I looked across the table more than twice, and received a double thumbs up. Fries are fresh cut and were a little on the greasy side, but still really good.We reside just over Stanton in the 10th ward of Lawrenceville and will be back to eat our way though the menu!
3	I feel that I am a FAIR Yelp-er.  I can only share my experience as it's had.  That said, a friend hosted her own "new job" happy hour at this local Morningside pub in Pittsburgh, PA.  Upon arrival, the bar was pretty much empty around 5:30.  Business picked up as we got closer the 8 PM scheduled Penguin game (hockey).  The bartender can make a mean vodka and soda.  I had a turkey melt that was out of this world.  a definite neighborhood bar, the interior is updated (trendy garage door that I assume opens in the warm months).  I was told there is outdoor seating as well.  A good time had by all, I recommend this place for great beer selections and quality bar food.  Cheers!
5	Love this local pub! Environment is friendly and relaxed. GET THE WINGS. Everything I have ever ordered here was great but the wings are especially delicious! Have a good variety of local and other beers.
5	I live in the area and was delighted to see a pub in walking distance. We sat at the bar and had a few drinks one evening while walking around the neighborhood, and the staff were all really friendly (many of them are teachers and the owner is a former teacher/principal). I didn't try any food, but everything looked good. I'll definitely go again, though I wish they'd start opening up on Sunday for football!
