1	$19.95 + mileage NO deposit required for LOCAL moves. That's what they told me over the phone when I gave them my credit card # to reserve the truck.HOWEVERwhen I showed up Saturday morning to get my truck..AN ENTIRELY DIFFERENT STORY!!1st they wanted to charge a $75 deposit to my credit card, then they said a $100 CASH Deposit & leave my car, then it was a $500 deposit/no car.WTF!?!I walked out without spending a dime because I felt if that much had changed what OTHER suprises was I in for?BUYER BEWARE!
5	Best in the business
5	.
5	When my movers screwed me over at the last minute, I called U-Haul. It was 7:30 on a Friday night, and I was able to rent a 17-ft truck immediately. Marshall was very helpful and friendly. In fact, when I returned the truck the next day, he remembered me and said that he hoped my move went well. The pricing is standard for truck rental, and it's convenient to have your final receipt e-mailed to you. I'll definitely go with this location/company again if I need to rent a truck.
2	This uhaul place was clean and for the most part organized. When you walk in the entrance, they have ALL their merchandise and boxes and moving supplies all organized and layed out and stuff however, the counter/register areas are all BEHIND all the supplies and the supplies block the counter area.  So you don't necessarily see the counter/employees when you walk in the door, you have to walk past the boxes/supplies.Processing my paperwork/payment was fairly quick and easy.  When I went outside to get my truck, the gas tank was EMPTY. I wasn't pissed but I was very annoyed that it didn't match the paperwork and they left it empty. So I had to wait 10 min or so for them to go fill it up.  When the guy gets back and I look at it, it's only 1/4 full. I was like what the freakin hell??? I go back inside to let her know so she can match up the paperwork again and I question this and ask why it's not filled up? She said 1/4 of a tank is the minimum they have to fill it.  I said what If I have to do some real moving and stuff around town??? Am I supposed to keep filling it to only a 1/4 of a tank since I know you don't reimburse/give credit back to the customer if it's OVER the amount given to us?? She apologized and just simply said that 1/4 is all they have to fill it to.  Luckily I was only picking up something at walmart that was too big for my car and that's all I needed the uhaul for, so I didn't use much gas or mileage but it's still ridiculous.#2,  I had originally planned to pick up the uhaul pickup truck closest to the walmart that had my item and then drop it off at the location closest to my house (only making a 1 way trip)  and they tell me I have to drop it back off at the location I picked it up at.  JUST FYI!!!!!!  It CLEARLY says on their main page on their website and I quote..."Because U-Haul has over 15,000 locations across the U.S. and Canada, you'll be able to pick up equipment close to your origin and drop it off close to your destination."It does not show an asterick or a note or stipulations or says only in town moves or ANYTHING restricting of any type.  and I WILL be fighting this. and I want 1/2 my mileage at 59 cents per mile reimbursed to me.
4	I only came here for boxes.. So i'm not sure about ordering a truck or anything. I ordered the boxes online, and selected this location to pick them up.  I ordered them at about 1 or 2 -- and when I got there at about 3:30 they hadn't set my boxes aside saying that the order or the payment had just went through.  Found that odd-- but they recovered quickly and picked out all my boxes and got me some help out. The store is clean- and they were all very polite.  All in all it was a good experience! Boxes are excellent quality and prices are the best I've seen during my search.
1	Will never come here again. I'm a marine, my car won't start and need to rent a vehicle and tow trailer. Made a reservation and walked in and they are asking for a 500 dollar deposits when I wasn't notified on the phone and I also rent with uhaul before and never had this problem or been notified of it before. They would not help me in anyway shape or form. Seemed like I was just a pain in the ass. Went to Penske got a truck, which was ALOT cheaper to rent and mileage but had no tow trailers. Came back and told me I couldn't rent a trailer because it's Penske! Seriously?!?! They said it there policy! Never again will I deal with this stupid company and there dumbass policies
3	Recently moved to LV in a car. Managed to find some good furniture deals, but many were not able to deliver- so Yelp advised us to try UHaul.Called around 12:45 and reserved a 10' truck for 1:30, quoted a rate of $20/day with a .69-cent per mile local rate. Gave card over phone to reserve and it was ready when we went in at 1:30 as promised.Staff was thorough at explaining policies and going over vehicle to document damage- seemed a little extensive for a few hours rental but I guess they use the same process for every rental.Borrowed for a total of about 3 hours, did about 25 miles of damage picking up furniture at two places in Henderson then dropping off at our home. Added fuel prior to returning and they weren't too strict about it- received with 7/8ths tank, refilled to between 6/8 and 7/8ths and the guy originally brought it up and said there'd be a charge but quickly backed off and said he'd take care of it when I whipped out a receipt.Turning in the vehicle was just as easy as renting it was in the first place. Total came to $52 and change, not bad for what we did. I'd rather find a friend with a pick up truck next time instead though- driving the truck was easier than expected but still pretty stressful. Don't know how people drive them at a snail's pace across the country.
2	It started when I tried to drive on the lot only to have 2 men jump in front of my truck asking if I needed help. Then to a service rep that definitely had no clue about customer service and to top it off, just because I am a woman don't treat me like an idiot.  Definitely won't be using this location again
1	Oh really U-haul. You guys have been charging my money from my bank everyday. It has been two weeks already. It's my hard make money too. But when I called, a lady said they couldn't help me about it. If you couldn't, who would help me about it?Terrible terrible. People should consider well before starting a business with them.
