1	What the hell happened to Cafe Roma?  I used to LOVE this place.  Well, love is kind of a strong word but I sure as hell ate there a lot.They used to have the best lunch special around.  A slice of pizza and a salad for $3 and some change.  It was awesome.  Was the pizza great?  Of course not.  How about the "salad" (and I use that term loosely because it looked more like the chopped up lettuce and tomatoes you'd find at a taco bar)?  Well, I think my brief description pretty much answers that.  But it was $3 and I didn't care.  The broker I got, the more I ate there.  It was a wonderful relationship.  And then I walked in around 2:15 yesterday to grab a bite there for the first time in 2009 and everything changed.  I ordered my lunch special of a slice and salad like always, and went up to the register to pay, and the guy working the counter looked at me and goes "$6.49 please."I almost passed out.  I thought it was a joke.  Who does Cafe Roma think they are??  I understand that times are tough and maybe they have to raise prices a bit to stay afloat, but almost doubling their prices??? No no no my friend, not cool.  For a shitty reheated slice of pizza that had been sitting out for 3 hours and some taco dressings.I looked up at the guy and asked him when they raised their prices, and he ignored me!!!  He heard me ask the question, looked at me square in the eyes, and turned around and walked away.  Anyone who has met me knows that I do not take being ignored very well.I went to sit down at my table fuming mad and started eating, thinking about all the things I was going to write in my Yelp review, looked down, and saw a gnat crawl out of my salad.  Swear to God!!! I almost threw up, stood up, and walked out.Downgrade!!!
1	The pizza: total bullocks. Tasteless, crust is gross, toppings are suspect. Pasta: not great, tastes like it is all from a can. WAY too pricey; baked zitti will cost $7.50 for a pretty small amount. Give me a break. Sandwiches: CRAP! I mean really bad.... Bread is nasty, and the meats are sub-par. Veggies are nasty as well...Breakfast burritos: actually really good.
5	So good and the staff is awesome! I like the pizza and salad.
2	Tired it for lunch... It was ok.  It is pizza.  The crust was doughy.  Never can beat NY pizza in NYC strrets.
3	All right, here is the deal with this place.The food here is sub par.  I would even have to say that the pizza here, well, it's shit.  The slices I have gotten there have probably been sitting out for at least an hour or more, and are "warmed" up in the oven when you order it.  usually, all this does is burn the top of the cheese and toppings but still leaves the middle as cold as the heart of Chucky, the good guys doll from the movie "Child's Play"  I'm not sure what the difference between this Cafe Roma and the one about a mile or two south has,but their pizza is much better.  It seems that this location really cheaps the fuck out on the amount of cheese on their pizza.  I'm also sure the sauce is just Ragu or Prego.  Seriously, times aren't that tough.Same for a lot of the dishes they have in the warming trays.  That food all tastes like it has been sitting there for hours before it is served.  Pasta dishes seem to be better then the pizza, but I've had more than one person tell me I'm fucking nuts for saying that.  The garlic knots would be pretty decent if they weren't so goddamn stale.  I think I almost chipped a tooth off of them.Now that awfulness is behind us, I do have to give them credit for their service.  Even with a long line, they get through the customers pretty quick, always seem to go a bit of an extra mile to make sure you are having a good day and that they get your food out to you as quick as possible.  Seems like they honestly care about your experience there.  I just wish they would ask me that after I have eaten there.Cafe Roma of Priest and Washington, I urge you to get the food platform of your southern Cafe Roma, and transfer it to this location.  Then, good sirs, you will receive more stars.  Until then, the heartburn and runs your establishment typically gives me will only merit 3 start from me.  Your service is what has saved you for now.  Go forth and be the mecca of fast italian eatery you can be.
2	Nothing really impressive about this place.I've tried the pizza, which I suppose wasn't terrible, but definitely not something I'd recommend. They do the fully cooked but pre-prepared pizzas, and re-heat for a minute in the oven. There are places that can do this right, like NYPD, but these guys didn't really deliver a high quality slice.Today I went with the chicken parmesan, which included a garlic knot and baked ziti. The pasta was pretty bland, and the meat didn't have much substance to it. The garlic knot was decent, but not good enough to turn the meal around.
4	Great service. Good pizza and salad.
4	Breakfast burritos are amazing!  Includes potatoes, eggs, cheese, and meat for only about $3.  Really great!  Better than Filiberto's which is next door.Pizza is okay, but I usually opt for either the baked ziti or the meatball parmesan sub.  The ziti portion is huge, with parmesan and extra marinara on top.  The meatball sub is the best one I've had at any sub places around.  Delicious!  Almost better the next day if you pop it under the broiler for a couple minutes to get the bread toasty and crunchy.Staff is great, helpful, and service is fast!
1	Stick to the salads....Asian Chicken Salad is pretty tasty!
4	Fresh, hand made dough and high quality toppings make for excellent pizza, and these guys serve it up every day. I usually get a slice and salad combo which end up at about $7-8 depending on toppings. The owners are good people, they provide a high quality meal and good service too.
3	Tale of a pie...What makes a good pizza?  I mean, we can all admit to eating some pretty horrible pizza right? Yet, we still eat it...I mean "even bad pizza is good pizza".  Especially at 2am after a night out...but this visit to Cafe Roma was for lunch.In my opinion...it's all in the crust.  I am not a fan of a very thick crust.  Like at all.  This crust...thin, crispy, flavorful and just all around  yummy!  Large thin slices and plenty of toppings!  Hopefully I can go back and try that summer salad...looks amazing!
5	Perfect hand tossed crust, great service, fresh every time. What else do you need at a lunch place? Perfect!
4	Excellent customer service and delicious food.  Their pizza crust is amazing and service is efficient and friendly for my 30 minute lunch break.  They try y o be environmentally conscious too.  I love supporting awesome local businesses.
4	When I worked over in this area, I frequented Cafe Roma often. The service is always friendly, the food is spot on and the restaurant is clean. Recommendations: - Breakfast:    French Toast Special (2 french toast, 2 bacon & 2 eggs)    Breakfast Burrito (eggs, cheese, potatoes and bacon is my fav.)- Lunch:    Grilled Chicken, bacon & avocado sandwich is *AWESOME!*   Philly Steak salad is good (add avocado too it to make it even better)   Meatballs and Garlic Knots (both are sides but sometimes a couple meatballs and a couple knots for dipping is a great meal.) The pizza is good too, but honestly the items listed above are what i got 90% of the time. Give them a try if you are in the area.
4	I work acrossed the street from this restaurant & decided today was my day to try them. I am very glad I did, because the service is top-notch and their employees are very friendly! I was in a salad kind of mood, so I ordered their House Salad, sans the cucumbers & croutons, Bleu Cheese dressing, & a drink to go. They gave me extra dressings, seeing the size of the salad was big. I went with ice cold Green Tea to drink. This restaurant is decked out with University of Arizona decor & stuffed Wilburs. I LOVE that!This place was packed when I went, being it was lunchtime, but what keeps it from getting all 5 stars? The size of the place. Tables too close together & I felt claustrophobic due to so many people in there & so limited space.
1	DISAPPOINTING...Go next door to have better food and better service.I stopped by for a slice of pizza for a quick lunch. The pizza was only terrible. The seasoning was way too peppery and it tasted like it had been sitting out all day, even though it was only 11:30 a.m. It also was greasy and I actually had to dab it with a napkin to make it edible. When I did take a bite, it tasted like cardboard. It definitely was a disappointment. The server seemed rushed and she was very abrupt. She did not try to make a connection with her patrons at all. She was border-line rude and never thanked me. They were not busy at all.I had been to the Downtown Phoenix location in the past and always enjoyed it. This location has a lot to be desired. Had the food been better for the $5 price, or had the service been nicer, I might have considered going back there. Don't waste your time and money.Next time, I will skip Cafe Roma and patronize the great eateries next door: Ladybug Cafe, Filiberto's, Port of Subs, Haiku Grill, or Starbuck's.
4	Had Cafe Roma for lunch.  I had the California Turkey wrap... ermahgah! that thing was huge. It kept me full most of the day... really good turkey and the avocado was fresh. It was a good time. I would totally do it again.
2	The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars instead of one is because I was able to eat the food without getting sick. The restaurant is about 80 degrees, not ideal in Arizona in June. That sets the mood for the place right away. I ordered the Friday special...pepperoni calzone. It was more like a pepperoni roll because it had no ricotta. Up your game fellas, ricotta in a calzone is a must. I also had a bite of a garlic knot, but that was just a waste of time. Some other things that added to the experience were that the water button on the soda machine didn't work and they have a picture with a big beer, but don't serve alcohol.
5	Awesome food, great daily specials - friendly staff - Thankful they're so close to my work. Highly recommended.
1	All the food here is reheated right in front of you. However, I would be able to overlook that if the food tasted decent. I love pasta and don't know how you can go wrong with baked ziti, but somehow they did. It was bland and the noodles were overcooked. Terrible.
4	Bottom Line - Great tasting sandwiches and salads served in an East Coast Deli style with thorough U of A decor.Service - 4/5 Friendly and engaged staff made everyone in the long but fast moving line feel welcome.Personality - 4/5 Serving style straight from the East Coast combined with U of A sports memorabilia everywhere.  There was a great energy and buzz about the place.Quality - 5/5 I ordered the hot pastrami and provolone sandwich which was served with fresh (cold) salad as the sandwich garnish.  The meat was seasoned perfectly and the crunch from the cold vegetables was a great combination.  One of my fellow diners had the daily sandwich special and said it was delicious as well.  Recommendation - 4/5 If I worked in this area on a regular basis this would be a one or two times a week spot.  Definitely worth the visit if you can make it.
5	Love the Wednesday special, the cilantro lime chicken sandwich!  It is close to work and the perfect time of year to walk over and enjoy the sandwich. They are quick and the owners and staff are great. On non-Wednesdays we get the chicken avocado sandwich or the pizza and a side salad. Quick friendly service, doesn't get much better!
5	The pizza is GOOD. The prices are GOOD. The people who run the place are friendly, and it's locally owned. If you don't like this place, you're probably spoiled and used to going to lame places to eat. Never disappointed here. You get your food fast and it tastes great.
