5	"Mimi's is a chain and they are all the same - however, some have better service than others.  That said, out of the two dozen times I have patronized them in over 8 locations, the service has been above average.  The food is great, the portions are very large, and very reasonably priced. My only complaint is that they have updated the menu and it doesn't list everything you can order now.  Favorite items include Blackened Chicken Tacos (not on the menu), Parmesan chicken, and Cobb salad (I recommend the mini unless you want a salad large enough for two).  They bring complimentary fresh bread (raisin walnut and sour dough) with your drinks.  They have the best muffins which are included with some meals.  (Their blueberry is incredible.)They understand that toddlers grow hungry quickly.  Depending on the server they will bring out crackers and cheerios with your drinks too (you can always ask if it isn't offered).  The kid's meals include gummy worms in chocolate pudding with Oreo crumbs - a hit with my kids.I frequently do meet at Mimi's for business lunches all over the valley and they are the best.  Mimi's has something for everyone.  Although they appear to be French, they have all cuisines so don't be fooled by the name.  My only complaint is that it is very busy and you can be stuck sitting next to a large group which can be loud.  One of my favorite values.  Very large portions, great bread, and reasonable prices.  (Reasonable in my opinion is $7 - 10 for an entree.)"
4	After 12 hours of hard labor in the Arizona heat, all I (and my boss) wanted to do was eat and sleep. It was 10pm and EVERYTHING was closed. After Chili's didn't give in to our begging and pleading to feed us, we stumbled across Mimi's Cafe. The place looked like a Mexican restaurant, but I was too hungry and tired to care. It's actually American diner food (obviously right? tired + hungry = my excuse). Our ancient, but friendly waitress served us some French bread and oh-so tasty sweet bread. I had what the waitress recommended, pot roast, while my boss ordered a 12 ounce steak. The portions are HUGE for the price. Overall a good experience and would highly recommend it if you're in the area. Why go to Chili's/Applebee's/Ruby Tuesdays when you can get better service, food, and giant portions for the same price? Oh, and their open late too.
4	When Mom and Dad are in town, we always go to Mimi's Cafe for breakfast. Mimi's Cafe is a real treat. Decorated in a French Quarter/Jazz motif, Mimi's serves breakfast, lunch and dinner in large servings at reasonable prices. The breakfast menu is the usual fare (pancakes, french toast, 3 Egg Omelettes) but they offer a few suprises (Eggs Benedict, Oatmeal). Interestingly, some entrees include a free glass of OJ.  The real highlight are the muffins (Pumpkin Spice, Honey Oat Bran, Carrot Raisin, Buttermilk Spice and Blueberry). They are delicious. TELL YOUR WAITER THAT IT IS YOUR 1ST VISIT AND HE/SHE WILL PACKAGE SOME TO GO FOR YOU, ABSOLUTELY FREE. The lunch/dinner menu is more of the same... I recommend the Turkey Pesto Ciabatta. Like everything else at Mimi's, it is huge and delicious.Serves expresso, beer, and wine. The wait staff is exceptional.
4	The new just enough menu is just enough but could even be a little smaller.  In looking over the new lunch menu there was a variety of salad and sandwich choices.  For a little extra one could add one of the soups including my favorite French onion.  I narrowed it down to the chicken, fruit and baby greens salad with the choice of a muffin or the parmesan crusted chicken breast sandwich.  I chose the salad with the obligatory carrot muffin and added the French onion soup.  The soup was good and hot and not something I would ever fix at home.  I have tried microwaving TJ's French onion but Mimi's tasted a lot better with the freshly melted cheese.  I have never tried to make French onion soup nor have had the inclination to make soup since it appears to be a lot of work plus there would be a lot left over.  The fresh salad with balsamic vinaigrette met my taste bud expectations but I had hoped the muffin would have been half the usual size.  Instead, the muffin ended up going home in a plastic box for later in the day while watching the Summer Olympics.
4	It was 5 O'Clock somewhere but 10:45 AM on Mimi's patio. No one was sitting at the other four tables in the shade and slight breeze on warm day.   It was relatively quiet with some road noise from Shea and a view of Red Robin across the parking lot.I started with Sam Adams and "bread" plate (zucchini bread, french roll) and finished with a very large pan seared scallop on four tasty raviolis with sauce.  Overall a good choice for a light lunch.
3	Ya know how much I despise chains so I had very low expectations of this place.. while I still don't care for cookie cutter consistency (ccc), I was surprised that my lunch was alright. I let the server order for me who's name ironically enough was Alex. She ordered me the turkey salad sandwich on raisin bread and a side salad with balsamic dressing. The salad was crisp and fresh as well as perfectly dressed. The sandwich was pretty tasty.. huge tender pieces of turkey breast dressed in a light mayo sauce with walnuts and celery. The bread was warmly toasted and slightly sweet, a perfect compliment to the savory turkey salad. In all, not to bad.. while I would still never go back I would have to say that Mimi's was a-okay!
3	Good Breakfast delivered with Great service.
3	When I was visiting, my friend took me here it has many french and creole new orleans style dishes to choose from during lunch and dinner.  It is nice for a light lunch with sandwiches, pastas, seafood and salads to choose from.  I didn't try breakfast but, next time I visit Az., I would definitely stop in
2	Food was OK, but the reason for the low rating was the service. My waiter was obviously overworked. It took 15 minutes for him to even come over to greet me, then another 10 just to get a salad. He never came over during the meal to check on me, then dropped off the check. I filled out one of those online surveys and put my contact info, but here i am two weeks later and no one has contacted me.
3	This place can get a little hectic, if your not ready to hustle and buslte. But when considering the food alone its great. I have only had their breakfast, and both times it has been good. My friend had a Salmon and Egg salad (don't remember the name,m sorry!) and that was pretty good. All in all, i do not expect to go to a diner and have a Wolfgang Puck meal, it was just enough. The decor kind of makes the place set apart form other diners but the food is all in all pretty good. i'll return for a coffee thou, oh and their muffins are great too!
3	Thought Saturday night would be busy at 6:00 PM, but to our surprise it was just getting started. We don't like to go there too often because it seems that a lot of older folks go there, not that I'm a "spring chicken".The waiter was efficient, he never told us his name but memorized our order. He made sure we had our drink glasses filled at all times.When he brought out the bread, it was only three pieces of different types: roll, carrot bread and another type. We had to ask for another order.My daughter had the Chicken Pot Pie which had chunks of chicken but the sad part, the crust was only on the top, which was golden brown. To her it was OKAY. My wife had the petite sirloin steak which came with a salad and asparagus. She ordered it medium rare and it was a little too pink, but still eatable. My order was the Lamb Shank on top of mashed potatoes and asparagus. Love asparagus!! The lamb was okay and portion was just right. The sauce that was poured over the lamb was like beef stew gravy with carrots and celery. The sauce was a bit salty for me but bearable. If you looked at the lamb shank you would mistaken it for a turkey drumstick.
2	I don't know about this place. It seemed like an upscale Bob's Big Boy restaurant. The waitress was aloof. The place flipped me out to say the least. Super weird time in there.
2	Good for a breakfast with little kids, but otherwise not worth going to.
3	Mimi's is an interesting little place, well chain restaurant. The are known for their humongous scrumptious muffins.  The one that I visited in Scottsdale on Shea was decked out in Mardi Gras decor, but I don't know if that was just because it was during the month of February or if it is normal for this locations to have a New Orleans vibe all of them time. Happy hour drinks are great at half price to check them out during their happy hour.  I ordered the pasta with shrimp and my husband had the fish and chips. The food is good but it is not stand on your head and do cartwheels great. The service was nice but painfully s-l-o-w. I wanted to run outta there after I paid my bill cause I waited 20 mins for it to be delivered to the table.  All of this and they were not even swamped with customers all I can say is that Thursday night may not be the night to go to Mimi's.
2	First of all i don't like to wait longer than 20 minutes from the time i order my food to the time i receive it. This is what happened at this Mimi's that me and my wife went to on a Thursday night during our first month here in Arizona. It had a New Orleans vibe to it...and happy hour was taking place when we arrived...but the food and service was just average. I can't even remember what i had at the time because they took so long to bring it to me. I am not saying that all Mimi's are like this one but be aware my fellow yelpers when you go so you won't be disappointed as well. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
3	I came here with my boyfriend and some other friends while I was visiting Arizona. The place isn't that bad during lunch since I've never came here for lunch before. My boyfriend is always saying how they have delicious muffins, but I didn't believe him until we went and I ordered their blueberry muffin. He knew I loved blueberry muffins... And Mimi's truly had one of the better blueberry muffins! =D I was very pleased that they were able to appease my craving for BB muffins!Although the other foods were all right... After I ate it, I literally had the biggest food coma of my life. T___T But all the same, the food was good (I had the chipotle chicken sandwich with fries), very typical of a chain restaurant. But I really enjoyed their quiet atmosphere and their pleasant services. Our waiter was really polite and he always had smile on his face when he came to check on us. He even took our comments on the food to the chef and made sure we were compensated for it (though we told him it was alright). Overall, the visit to Mimi's was somewhat of an eyeopener for me in the service department and I really enjoyed having lunch there. =D
4	Very good... Like the all day breakfast menu.  Just had a light meal - bacon Mac n cheese.  My wife had an omelette.  Good food and service, incredibly diverse menu.
2	I've always been a fan of Mimis but it had been about three years since my last visit. My mother and grandpa decided they wanted to do lunch there and I was happy about it. I remembered the location in Mesa being better but since I used to live in Scottsdale, that was the one I frequented. The menu was basically the exact same as it was three years ago. That could be good or bad. Take it as you will. It was SO crowded. Apparently every single person over 65 decided to go to lunch that Friday afternoon. The food was good but kind of expensive. My mother and I shared a sandwich since we're both small eaters and my grandpa ordered his own. The bill was still about forty bucks for two meals and three iced teas. Even if the food was good that was still YIKES!But the service was what made me decide to stick to the Mesa location if I ever go again. The waiter took our orders, brought us our drinks once and then vanished off the face of the earth. Maybe he's Superman, IDK!A busboy brought us our food and we had to ask another busboy for our bill. Our waiter made his final appearance just as we'd paid to thank us for coming in. It was awful nice of him to return after being absent for thirty minutes and making the busboy do his job.
2	My daughter and I ate at Mimis today. It is not a restaurant that we frequent, but we were lured in by their "small plates" advertising. We actually didn't care for any of their small plates and I ended up ordering their Broccoli and Cheddar quiche. I am a near vegetarian and was looking for something that didn't have meat in it. The quiche was good and was accompanied by fresh fruit. I thought great, this is a healthy meal. Wrong. Turns out the quiche has 699 calories in it. I was mortified to learn this. Will never ever order this again. My daughter ordered some sort of salad with walnuts and strawberries in it. The calorie count was under 400. So, just be aware that the majority of their dishes are on the high side calorie-wise (other than the dishes that have the calories listed). Service was efficient. We were seated in a booth opposite their take-out area. All in all, not a memorable experience and not worth the money.
3	This is my second review of Mimi's. Not sure why I continue to eat there other than I have a friend who likes to go there. Anyway, ate lunch there today. Ordered the petite salmon salad. It was good, but definitely not worth the $9.49 price tag. There couldn't have been more than 2 oz. of salmon. That and a small amount of salad. Frankly, it's daylight robbery and I wouldn't order it again. With this particular meal, you don't even get a muffin! Also, the service is never stellar. It wouldn't take a whole lot on their part to improve things. Oh, well, live and learn.
4	I enjoy eating at mimi's cafe. I try to go there at least 1 or 2 times monthly. Breakfast, lunch or dinner you can always count on great food, service and atmosphere while dining with friends, family or even by yourself.
2	Tried a new place for breakfast, Mimi's in Scottsdale. Won't go there again.  Food took forever to arrive. I asked waitress for extra butter, she gave me a reason why i didn't need extra butter, i said i wanted it anyways.  She brought the butter after 1/2 my pancakes were gone. Waitress never checked back to see how everything was, which should be done 1/3 of the way through the meal, i was a restaurant manager and chef for 32 years.  Then, i had to ask for my check, and was detained another 5-7 minutes before i received that. Once was enough for me, obviously poor managment and training.
2	Was there just before the remodel and thought the food just okay. It was 7:00 pm and we were the only ones in the front dining area. The waiter was nice but not as attentive as we would have expected since there was no one else there. Not somewhere I would choose to go to again.
3	I've eaten at Mimi's Cafe in Utah and this branch is just about the same quality.  The food is good...if you like comfort food.  :)  This visit I ordered only a cupcake and that was mediocre, but satisfying for the sugartermite.  :)The help is very friendly and there is a general happy feeling that overcomes you upon entering the establishment.
1	Excellent place to eat for lunch and dinner, The food is average, the staff is friendly
1	We have visited this location 3 times. Generally, the service is not good however the food is not bad. However, on our most recent visit we had ordered the Chicken Fettuccine dish. To our surprise the chicken pieces were not fully cooked. We had showed the waiter a piece of chicken that was taken from this dish and it was mushy and pink. Definitely, not cooked. The manager came over and removed the dish from our bill. However, that was the least of my worries. My husband unfortunately now has food poisoning from the chicken. The good news is that the manager gave us a coupon for a complimentary appetizer. How kind...
1	Terrible service.  The food is typically good, but not consistant.  My experience today was bad enough that i'm certain i'll never go back.
3	Yes, its part of a chain.Yes, its better than TGIF or CHILI'S.No, its not a 5 star expierence.Expect average food and service.They have a wonderful bread basket.
4	I was here saturday afternoon. my waitress, kaci was exceptionally friendly. I got the hibiscus to drink which was quite refreshing. the crab fritters and crab cakes were delicious. Their chocolate mousse and apple pie was everything my taste buds were looking for. all around very pleased.
3	I've been here a few times and the food has always been good and their bakery goods....so yummy! This last time I was here though, was a big party foul. The waitress was, um, interesting. She spent most of the time flirting with my brother. One of my favorite lines from her was when she convinced him to try the brie artichoke dip instead of the original, ready, "trust me, I'll dance on the table for you if you don't like it". REALLY? Listen homeslice, not only are you flirting with my brother in front of my parents whom are across the table from him, but his wife is sitting right next to him! How do you not see the giant rock on her finger? But, I will say, it was really entertaining for me cause everyone else was super uncomfortable with it.  Haha, I laugh at awkwardness. This waitress is also one of those that thinks she is too good to write down orders, well this time she should have because she wasn't paying attention. My mother orders, then I order the petite filet-medium, but the healthy one that skips the mashed potatoes and adds a salad. Simple enough right? Well, then my Dad orders and for his side gets muffin and I think to myself "well, crap, they have yummy baked goods and its fall so they probably have their pumpkin muffin" so then I say to her, "oh and can I have a pumpkin muffin" and she responds, "is that all?" and I say, "yes". With me so far? Okay so then my sister-in-law orders and then my brother orders and has to listen to her witty response. Boom food comes out. Guess what I get? Just my pumpkin muffin. Apparently homeslice thought I just wanted a pumpkin muffin instead of my petite filet. Yep, that happened. We all had a good laugh when the waitress walked away to put in my real order that we all reminded her about. So eventually it comes out, but its not the healthy one, I get the potatoes and instead of it being cooked medium, its well-done. Listen, I don't send food back, cause I feel bad, but what an interesting experience I had here. If this was my first visit there is absolutely no way I would venture back. Alas, I enjoy Mimi's, but don't care for this particular waitress. This experience is one for the books!
4	I'm going for a 4, but I really feel this is more of a 3.5.....better to over-state than under in fairness. My first visit was a to-go order. The phone call seemed to go almost too smoothly. That should have been my first clue. One order had chopped sausage inside the omelette, instead of links ON THE SIDE. The second order had shell pieces in the fried egg. The third order was for fresh fruit (I asked specifically if there were berries) and instead was fresh melon and orange wedges! I will say the muffins were amazing as always and totally worth going off my gluten-free restriction for! Second visit was because the manager was quick to want to resolve the first debacle - nice job, Fernando! Very professional in his approach and made it easy for me, at my convenience, to come by for a do-over :) HOWEVER, although the food was exactly as we ordered for this breakfast, we got to hear the waitress calling out that her customers said their food was to be comped.....calling out across the whole dining room! WTH?! Not so professional on that level :( All said, my impression is that the manager knows he has a kitchen and wait staff that might be rough around the edges and also understands customer loyalty is critical to a good business model.  I'll return for lunch and see if we can't make this a solid 4 stars or even 5 :)
4	Decent ........Always Decent .......... Predictably DecentMimi's is not pretentious ...... What a rarity ....... ...... and you can hear your Table-mates, nice decibel levels .... NO FOOLING !!!Our Sunday Morning Breakfast, came off, without a hitch.Great Food .....Great Service ....My Ethics .... My Standards:Every business starts with one star ...... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
1	Embarrasingly bad Beef Bourguignon! I just had dinner there and felt inspired to write a review (warning?!) for others.  I steer clear of fresh fish and steaks at places like this, opting for the safer dishes that you shouldn't be able to mess up.  But did they mess it up! My 'Bourguignon' was a giant single hunk of beef (like a pot roast) with a bit of sauce poured over it.  There were a miniscule number of mushrooms in the sauce, and the onions - red sliced onions - were raw and bitter (as in a salad).  The carrots were served on the side along with brocolli, like a steamed vegetable accompaniment. Now, a bourguignon should have cubed beef, and the onions, carrots, and such should be cooked in the broth for over an hour, infusing them with the flavors of the sauce. They do have a 'pot roast' on the menu - "Slowly braised chuck roast with mashed potatoes and fresh vegetables" - I think that's what they served me. This is the description for their bourguignon: "Tender chuck roast simmered in a flavorful vegetable stew with mushrooms, carrots, red onions and seasonal vegetables. Served with mashed potoates" - I wonder if the 'chef' knows the difference?!Edited to add: I also got off to a bad start here; our waiter started out with 'have you dined with us before?' - this has become a trigger to me and immediately puts me on the defensive (the first thing I want to hear is, 'can I start you out with a drink or appetizer?').  So if I say no, does that mean I'm going to have to listen to him rave on about how good their food is, and help me read their laminated, over-produced menu?  Or is he going to sell me on their 'signature desserts', or their 'buy 5 get one free' program?  If I say yes, is he going to ask me what my favorite is ... It seems such a pointless question ... (like the current fad of "did you find everything OK?" at the grocery checkout ... what are they going to say if you are honest and couldn't find half the stuff you wanted ....?)
4	This place is amazing.  The food is french inspired without being pretentious.  During a vacation, I visited on both my first and last day.  1st day was the crab cake bendict and the 2nd time was the broche french toast. Both delicious.  You get a lot without paying a lot.  They also offer a bar and to go services.  I really wish they had this chain out east.
3	The food was ok, nothing great. We ordered the wedge salad, clam chowder soup and each had the top serloin. I asked for mine to be MW and it came out extra well done. It was tough and dry. For this price I think Fridays has much better steak. Service was not fantastic. Our waiter had a ton of tables which is understandable why service was slow. He tried to be friendly I think but wasn't stellar. On our $50 check my boyfriend gave him a whopping $16 tip. I don't know why he did that but the waiter actually came outside after us and thanked us. That's cool in my book! So, nothing special here. Maybe other dishes are better but it wasn't good enough for us to come back again.
1	100+ reviews and this is my worst.Dinner at Mimi's Cafe is an experience -- a very dull disappointing experience, at least at this branch.  I hope other locations are better, but I am beginning to think that the brain trust at Mimi's corporate central has a disdain for salt, pepper, or any other spice.  For example, my pot roast dinner, including a mixture of carrots and broccoli and a scoop of mashed potatoes, all heaped on one half of the plate, contained not a jot of taste.  The gelatenous brown "gravy" that was slobbered wholesale on the mashed potatoes and pot roast was a miracle -- how could they have managed to take the salt OUT of canned gravy?  Or did they actually make it themselves ... on purpose???  My wife's meal (chicken crepes) was just as bad.  The corn chowder did, I admit, have a little seasoning, but it was the thickness of school paste and tasted much the same.  The pork sliders had a sweet BBQ sauce, but the pork itself was mush.The restaurant was clean and comfortable, and the service proper but distant and not very attentive.  But the food is the big problem here.I hope the cook staff at this Mimis is just ignorant, uncaring, or hungover, because otherwise there is no hope whatsoever for this chain.Note:  I have also eaten at Mimi's for breakfast several times.  Although better than dinner, Mimi's breakfasts are pretty ordinary.  The bakery items are, in general, better than the egg dishes, pancakes and waffles -- all of which are bland.  The muffins that accompany most meals are a cut above average.
4	I am a member of Mimi's "email club"... and they frequently send out BOGO (Buy One Get One) deals. Hilary and I used one last night and had a nice meal. I had for the very first time the beef bourguignon... and I now have a new favorite!!! I have nothing to compare it to (in terms of if its truly "French" or not), but I really liked my dish. The chuck roast they used was super tender and falling apart with mushrooms. There is a side of mash potatoes, carrots and broccoli. I added the corn chowder as an appetizer... also yummy. My wife has a favorite salad she has there... and she was happy with it as well. I usually play it safe here at Mimi's and almost always get the "turkey dinner", but took a chance last night... and glad I did. As many reviewers have said... Mimi's is always "decent". If you have not done it yet... sign up for the email freebies! If you use them, it works out to close to $300 in free meals in a year.
2	Got less than a handful of fries with my sandwich.  Slow, indifferent service.  A manager who was the gate keeper at the door.  Really underwhelmed.  I had not eaten at a Mimi's in 10 years (I left AZ for 7 years), I probably wont be going back.
4	This has been a tradition for a couple of years now.  A few of the twin moms get together for breakfast around  10am after shopping or volunteering at the big consignment semi-annual sale we have each april and october.  This year, I did not volunteer or shopped, however I couldn't pass up this tradition.  I love to hang out with my girlfriends at any opportunity I get.  This year the group was a little smaller, however we always have a great time.  Of course, I had to have the mimosa flight.  Mimi's is always consistent and very accommodating.  Yes, it is a chain, but service is always friendly and the food is food, although always too much.  This branch is a little farther for me, so I will see you back in October.
2	It took over an hour to get our food. Don't go on a Sunday after church.
2	A nice restaurant, but I only go here with the parents.We've been coming here sometimes for the last 12 years.Well, June 8th, 2012 was the last time we eat there.Absent-minded service -- our server seemed busy, but we had to ask for our bread basket (waited 15 mins for that) and opening course salad, which looked fine. I had something small, the crab fritters, which came with a little bit of fries in a tasteful metal cone and paper.We waited FOREVER for our meals and we spent 90 minutes at our table. Mom's steak was gristly. My fritters were kinda hollow.Dessert course for the current $9.99 three course steak special was ice cream choice. Bland soft-serve flavored scoop crap, no vanilla flavor at all! Come on, how about serving some REAL vanilla ice cream? With the vanilla bean spreckles in it? No chance, huh?At least mom had her meal comped, that steak was uncuttable from every angle. The steak looked stringy.We waited AGAIN for the check.We won't be back.
4	Mimi's Cafe takes a bit here and there from Puccini's La Boheme, at least thematically. In the opera, everyone is starving until Mimi and her rich, older boyfriend show up and pay the bill at a restaurant. That theme goes a long way here because while Mimi's offers good food, it's not cheap and there is some trickery involved. However, Mimi does not die of tuberculosis in the end. Yeah, sometimes they should see the whole opera before pegging a restaurant to the theme. When I walked in, I smelled a non-descript, yummy aroma of generic food that had a bit of baked bread, roasted apples, etc. I looked around this modern, air-conditioned building and saw that we were far from the kitchen. Then I looked up. I saw a small aroma atomizer near the ceiling running at full tilt. These devices emit chemical odorants and can be used to make a hotel lobby smell less like a locker room or in this case, to make people feel hungrier as soon as they hit the door. Really? You need to reach that low? At least it was out in the open and not hidden in the ductwork. That disappointment out of the way, I have to say the food is good and it's creative. You can have a meal for very little or a lot if you use some self control. The aroma box is designed to skew one away from the simple and cheap toward the heartier fare. But again, the menu is extensive, the food is fresh and it is creative. For a chain restaurant it is different and dishes offer extra touches one just would not expect at an IHOP or similar place. Breakfasts are way more than eggs and gristle tubes (sausages) others serve. The breakfast menu is really good. Lunch is equally creative and very good. So apart from the gimmickry of the theme and the aroma box at the door, this is a solid place to eat, converse, relax and get predictably good food at fair prices. I like it. It's not Paris on Anystreet, USA but it's a refreshing theme which works. They don't hit the customer over the head with the theme in decor or on the menu but it's a pleasant change and I will certainly be back.
1	Ordered the Chicken Piccata which is supposed to come with the chicken, potatoes and fresh veggies. The veggies never made the plate. In addition, they don't have Jack Daniels - apparently corporate decided not to carry it and to go with Jim Beam. Seriously, who doesn't have jack? The food is poor quality. It reminds me of a cracker barrel.
1	I used to really enjoy Mimi's but then they changed the menu.  No more Albacore and Avacado sandwich..  :(  Had the streak salad instead and it was a disaster.  Who puts deep fried cheese balls on a salad?  They do now.  Service was also one step behind Denny's.  Another restraunt who switched from good food to cheap food and kept the prices high.
3	The 3 star average for this place is spot on. Unlike other reviewers, I just checked this place out for the first time recently, twice in one week. First time was to pick up two quarts of their soup, for about 11 bucks. That's a great deal compared to Safeway or Basha's. Then, ate lunch there yesterday. The joint was jam packed with people 80+!!!! What's the deal there? Guess super old people just love Mimi's! Seems like the senior center dropped off a busload of folks. Anyway, burger was pretty good to OK, nothing special. Salad was pretty good, nothing special. Onion rings... 2 thumbs down, very greasy. And, my Wife's grilled cheese sandwich was exceptional. It was also very surprising to me that there is a full bar there! This would be the last place in the universe I'd go to sit and have a scotch on the rocks, but then again, I don't drink scotch. So, I may or may not go back here, as this place didn't strike me as standing out one way or another.
5	Awesome! Just what my wife and I were looking for. We were in the mood for good old comfort food. Good size portions and fresh . Hostess very friendly and Anthony the waiter was great.
2	Mimi's is one of those restaurants that you want to like more.I say that because the execution is somewhat lacking.  We have been coming here, on and off, for five years now.  It's the coupons in the Sunday paper, or the email club that draw us in.  The pictures of the food look really good. But it's just, okay.  One piece of advice for management would be to ease up on the salt.  Neither of us have sodium issues, but we would suspect that after coming here enough we would.  The gravy or sauce on our last visit was so bad, we were scrapping it off the food.Also, time moves more slowing at Mimi's.  Maybe it's the lack of exterior windows, but it feels like I'm in a casino buffet room.  It's could also be the somewhat older crowd, who just sits, chats and just drinks coffee.   I do not believe it's the staff's fault, they seem to hustle around the place refilling drinks, etc. But, it would be hard to tell what time of day it is here.Sorry!
1	Yuck! I ordered Chicken Piccata (which comes with mashed potatoes and vegetables). It tasted like a microwavable dinner removed from the box and put on a plate. The vegetables were a joke. My friend ordered a Chopped Cobb salad, which was clearly pre-made since the bowl and fork that came with it was ice-cold. A pre-made salad would typically be fine, except the iceberg lettuce was brown-ish and the fresh tomatoes were so mushy it looked like salsa. Sadly, the only thing that was good here was the carrot cake they provided in the bread basket. This is a place I will definitely not re-visit.
4	I am so surprised by the number of negative reviews.  Mimi's has always been one of our favorite restaurants since we started living in AZ.  On two occasions I was offered the meal free when asked how everything was.  I wasn't disappointed in the  food but they forgot the artichokes once in the pasta and the manager came over and apologized profusely.  they have a huge variety and you can have breakfast at night and their cobb salad and chicken pie are to die for.  Oh did I mention their muffins?I know they must have a thousand calories but they are worth it.  And the desserts are yum too if anyone had room.  Okay it's not a gourmet paradise, but Scottsdale  has those too, you have to know what Mimis is and come and enjoy it, because the staff really wants you to.
1	I won't ever go back. The food wasn't very good, nor was the service. But, the worst part about my experience was how dirty the place is! I had to ask my server to remove the sugar packets holder from the table because of how dirty it was. The salt & pepper shakers, same thing. Totally gross! The floors haven't been cleaned in some time as well. I'm not usually skeeved out too easily, but ICK!!! Shame on them!
4	Three words:  Chicken Pot Pie!It was amazingly good.  That alone was worth the trip.  Hubby had white fish with caper sauce and veggies.  Very good as well, but the chicken pot pie was the star of the show.Had apple crisp with ice cream for dessert which was way too much sweet.  I couldn't finish it (although it was small) because of the overly sweet taste.The chocolate mousse had by hubby was absolutely delicious. Came with strawberries and was the perfect sweetness.  The waitress (I forgot her name), was great as she always is. (Thin blonde lady--please thank her for us! ) BTW, we used a coupon which came in the mail for $10.  So all this yumminess cost us $23.00.  Nice!.  Thank you Mimi's and could you mail us more coupons?
3	Not a fan.  They seated my party of 5 adults in a booth that shouldn't hold more than 4 so we were cramped eating lunch but there were no open tables that could accommodate us. Refills on water were sparse.
5	So glad to write this review as I'm picky when it comes to huge, good salads!After mediocre take out from other places where they consider 4 leaves of lettuce a salad, Mimi's off of the 101 and Shea is awesome! I get the same thing, to-go everytime: cobb salad - big sissy style (extra lettuce ;-). They're amazing. Always so nice and give me enough so that I'm not starving after...and I can eat.Thanks so much for giving customers what they want: quality with quantity and a smile!
4	The minute my coffee was halfway, it was filled up...the service here was great.  I had a business breakfast and I'll certainly be back to do it again.
2	It has been awhile since I've been to a Mimi's Cafe. I think it's going to be a long time before I come back. Service was good but the portions, menu, and prices have taken a turn for the worst. Very small OJ to go along with the removal of muffins from the breakfast entrees mean way less for my money. They previously brought a pot for coffee I believe. It's just generally not as good as I remember. Don't waste your time.
2	While this place serves savory beef dishes, rich mashed potatoes, and creamy corn chowder,  the thing I can't get past is that not only are the side dishes equal to the size of the entree, the side is either a heaping pile of steamed vegetable that comes without sauce or seasoning, or  it's a salad that's been tainted with a cheap-o vinagrette.  If I do decide to go back to Mimi's it will only be because I'm craving meatloaf and I'm low on options.
1	The new French menu has left out some of our favorites and has replaced them with unispired so-called French items. Not a good idea. This is not a French restaurant! Where is the Santa Fe omelette???
3	Good salmon on greens salad with hard boiled egg slices, and potatoes and green beans. As crazy as this salad sounds, it was very good. Salmon was grilled perfectly!
3	I don't really get this place. I used to go to Mimi's for breakfast every now & then (not just this one) and always found it to be solid. Nothing spectacular, but a not notch above Denny's & IHOP. And frankly, that's always the impression I thought they were going for...a solid, but not spectacular casual dining spot. I came to this location recently & realized Mimi's has changed quite a bit from last time I stopped in one (honestly, this review could probably be for any Mimi's, not just this one). I always remember there being a slight French theme to this place, but it seems like they've gone even further now, and have made this even more apparent. I just don't think casual dining like this really lends itself to French (I always think of French restaurants being more quaint...and not chain). That being said, the breakfast I had was fine. Granted I only had oatmeal & pumpkin muffin (which was quite good). My mom has some sort of mini waffles topped w/apples & bacon, This is where the whole French meets casual dining just seems a little off. She liked them & thought they were tasty, but seeing these little waffles served all "fancy" at a causal dining spot just seemed off. I'd come back though (our service was fine), and next time I guess maybe the initial shock of the "new" atmosphere will probably wear off...
1	We have had dinner here in the past few years...Tonight 12/9/2013?Disappointed....PLEASE READ:1) Our server never introduced herself, kind of tacky when the server won't say their name and the place wasn't busy at all when we arrived.2) We have been to other Mimi's Cafe locations and was expecting to order from their array of dishes that we loved! I said to my wife, there is something different about the MENU given to us. It's NEW and limited options and the texture is what raised a red flag for me being the very observant one!She said I was crazy...My wife asked the server were we given lunch menus? She said that is our normal menu and walked away. I questioned a SECOND time after my wife & friend agreed with me that there WAS something different. We got the attention of our server and she said, yes we have a new ownership and this is the selection they are going with.3) Gone are the Meatloaf, Chicken dishes! It's all geared toward FRENCH style food!Even the names of the NEW dishes have a FRENCH flavor ring to them.EX: La Granduer Burger etc...4) Since I was limited what I REALLY wanted, I settled for the $8.99 Burger with fries.I ADMIT it was a very good burger but NOT what I wanted at Mimi's. I asked for light on the Thousand Island sauce...it came dripping down the sides of the burger..within minutes was a soggy mess! I had to go thru several napkins and finished half of it using a fork & knife! Btw, was never asked HOW I wanted my burger cooked.,..5) The place wasn't busy at all when we arrived....We waited 20 minutes just to get our bread options, another 10 minutes after that to get our (3) entrees and ONE was a Large Salad. We questioned the server why it was taking so long? She said our dinners would be next out,waiting on french fries....(30 Minutes) to provide ONE LARGE SALAD, ONE Turkey Dinner & One La Grandeuer style burger in a non-busy location. I JOKING said they must have had to go kill & hunt down my burger!Luckily, it all arrived HOT and the salad was perfectly prepared for our friend  enjoyed it very much.6) Server gave us plenty of refills and was pleasant during our early dinner service.7) I NOTICED why the place was empty, due to the limited menu in my opinion.I also noticed quite a few seniors did arrive after us, but hardly any younger people having dinner & it was 6pm-630!8) Would I recommend? ER, Noooooooo... STAY away when there are other choices for quality food nearby....I cannot give it a TWO rating. maybe 1.5 is a better barometer for judgement...
4	We had breakfast on Sunday, 12/8/13, and were very impressed with the new menu. Both of us tried new items and found them very good.  A few weeks ago we had dinner and, again, we thought the new menu was a step up from the old one.  They kept some of their more popular items but the new items are special.  We have always enjoyed Mimi's, but we believe the new menu is an improvement.    Compared to other restaurants in the same mid-range category, I think Mimi's is a good value.
4	I had the strawberry salad and it was very fresh. The service was very good also. My wife and I ate here several times during our visit to Scottsdale, AZ and we were always pleased with the food, service and prices.
2	Mimi's Cafe is one of those mid-priced restaurants, that could be considered a "Nice Night out..." or Exciting "Brunch Experience" --- but they're lacking, and I can't quite put my finger on where. I love their muffins. Whatever bakery they ship those bad boys from, I wish I could buy whole sale. They are spectacular. That being said, the rest of their menu comes with Fancy French names, Fancy French Prices, and American diner quality. My Grandmother is a big fan of this place, so I do spend a lot of nights here with her. It seems to be a happening place for the 65+ crowd. Even as late as 7pm! Every once in a while they celebrate by lowering certain menu prices to their price in the 70s which is great (59 cent muffins! I bought a dozen!) I'm by no means a food snob, but please Mimis... if you're going to charge 12 dollars for a omelet, I shouldn't be tasting imitation cheddar.
2	They updated their menu and now have very very limited choices.  We had a group of six of us the other day.  The waitress a heavy set lady acted like we were doing her a favor by being there rather than the other way around.  She never smiled and seemed not to care.  We had to asked her numerous times for things and she even left things off menu items we ordered more than once.  The tomato bisque has cayenne pepper in it and is very spicy, tastes and has the thickness of a tomato paste rather than a soup/bisque.  The children's meals are very very small geared more for a 2-6 year old rather than a 10 yr old. The salad are very small compared to the price and only feed one person  who is not very hungry.  Like I said previously new menu with limited offerings which are not worth the price.  no longer a good option for anything except maybe pancakes.
2	I've been patronizing Mimi's for over 30 years and I am sad to report that they have finally reached their lowest point, at least at this location.  I have always been a BIG fan of Mimi's but this latest visit for a late breakfast on a Sunday morning was the most disappointing visit ever.  After almost a 20 minute wait we were finally seated even though the restaurant did not appear to be full.  The young girls who were taking names and seating customers didn't seem to know what they were doing.  Despite giving us one of those ridiculous vibrating devices with flashing red lights, they came outside at least twice looking for someone they could not find.  The biggest disappointment was the cost of our breakfast dishes for what we received.  We each ordered a mimosa with a low end sparkling wine which cost almost $8 each.  My wife ordered their bacon apple waffles which were very good and tasty but there were only 3 tiny waffles about the diameter of a tennis ball . . . completely bare and accompanied by the tiny cup of syrup with chopped apples and bacon bits.  I have a French variation of eggs Benedict which was also pretty tasty but pricey for two small poached eggs on some seasoned mashed potatoes and spinach.Our server was efficient but somewhat intense and not very personable.  Even the carpet in the dining area appeared dirty and unkempt.  Just not a great experience.  Probably won't return to ANY Mimi's for some time because they have definitely lost their edge and reputation as an upscale value chain restaurant.Although I am a budding senior citizen (my wife is NOT) I'm beginning to feel out of place at Mimi's which is often populated by a sea of white hairs and snow birds who don't seem to mind their mediocre, high priced fare set in a sort of Disneyesque French atmosphere.  It just doesn't resonate with me anymore and it doesn't feel at all upscale middle of the road like it used when they first opened restaurants in So Cal where I used to live.
1	Didn't want to cook on Valentine's Day and didn't want to go to a fancy pants restaurant either.  So we went local to Mimi's on Shea Boulevard.   I ordered my old standby Chicken Pot Pie which was on the menu for the longest except now it is "Nouveau Pot Pie". Nouveau meaning "new".  (Yes, I speak French. ) Unfortunately the old chicken pot pie recipe (which was delicious) does not translate to the Nouveau pot pie.  What happened to the veggies that were in the old version?  The prior recipe was damned delicious!  The new version has more dairy (probably cream and /or milk) but the only veggies my eyes could see were carrots and a few peas.  The flavor of this combination was not a winning one. The herbs de province which were in the creamy mixture do not go well with  pot pie flavors--yes, even in a "french version".  The better choice is celery which is more traditional, and of course pearl or regular onions.  Hubby had the sole with potatoes and spinach---sole is sole.  But when I heard him ask the waitress for Tabasco sauce., I knew that he was not enjoying his meal much. He doused the entire plate with hot sauce.   But this is not the end of this story.  We ordered our favorite dessert:  the chocolate mouse.  We had the "flight" of chocolate mousse, meaning we asked that the trio dessert plate be only comprised of chocolate mousse.  We asked our waitress that the raspberry jelly and strawberries that come with it be served separately and she did do that for us.  All was well with the dessert until I came upon something brown and squiggly on one of the sliced strawberries.  I didn't say anything to hubby right away because he would have spit out whatever was in his mouth at that moment and it might be hurled  right at me.  Instead, I chose not to need a change of clothes so I slowly picked up the little bowl that housed the strawberries and brought it closer and closer to me.  It was a brown grub.  Absolutely--definitely.  I then told hubby to look at the bowl to which he answered "Oh, no".  We asked the waitress to call the manager. The manager, a short, Latino fellow--don't know his name, barely looked at it before he made his "conclusion".   "It's just the bottom of the strawberry.....  it's part of the chocolate.... it's .... it's...."  and he quickly whisked the strawberries away and said "Sorry".   If i had not asked that the strawberries be served separately, I might be digesting a brown grub right about now.  The manager stuck to his corporate training script saying there was nothing wrong and it's this or it's that....And so it ends, my years and years of eating at Mimi's has now come to an end.  Unhappy about the food, unhappy about the grub and unhappy about how it was handled.   I am grateful, however, that my eyesight is still good enough to avoid eating the grub that lay sleepily on the bright red strawberry.
4	Had a satisfying breakfast here with a friend. The French toast was perfectly cooked, and my friend's strawberry waffles were excellent. Service was friendly, and we had a coupon for BOGO, which made our meal very reasonable. The clientele here does seem to be quite a bit older though. The combined age of both me and my friend was still younger than most of the patrons here!
4	We hadn't been to Mimi's in some time and due to a negative experience in a restaurant across the lot we decided to give Mimi's a try again. We were greeted as we walked in and seated right away. Our server, Cheyene arrived soon after we were seated and was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She took our drink order and and returned quickly with the drinks. We placed our food order and they arrived quickly. I had a burger with an egg on it that was juicy and tasty. It was prepared just as I had requested. Having heard that it was my wife's birthday, our server made sure to provide a dessert for her. The little bistro feel of the place added to the experience. We will definitely go back again.
4	Ordered the Eggs Benedict for brunch, it's very good and filling. You order breakfast almost all day on Sunday's.
4	Something is definitely right about this place. I had the white fish with capers in a great sauce, potatoes and spinach. Very satisfying. Some people had the turkey which is always delicious. The servers and manager were so anxious to please. $5 wine all the time is great! Mimis always has coupons emailed to us for extra savings. Mimis tries harder!
1	Just walked out after waiting 15 minutes for a server to approach our table.Apparently service is not a priority. Won't be back.
5	My friend convinced me to go here for breakfast because it was her father's favorite place.  Having read the Yelp reviews I was unsure but figured why not give it a try.  We were greeted by friendly staff, seated immediately and our waiter was with us within a minute to offer coffee and drinks.  They have a great mimosa menu.  I had the grapefruit and my friend had strawberry lemonade.  AMAZING!  I ordered the croissant benedict  and my friend had the original waffles.  The meal was out of this world amazing!  I'm so glad I ignored Yelp as this is now one of my favorite breakfast establishments.  Next time I'm back in Arizona I will be visiting Mimis Cafe.  Great food and great service!
3	I love Mimi's Cafe.  the food is yummy and it's always been a great place to go!  however, lately the service has been awful!  The past 3 times i have gone have been disappointing.  It makes me NOT want to go back again. :(  management needs to step in and take care of their customers!
5	We had a great meal tonight. Safe, standard fare but the service was awesome.  Melissa was our server.  Friendly, perky and very nice. First time a server has ever come back to the table just to thank us for the tip. I hope the restaurant management is aware of what a gem she is. Thank you Melissa!
5	I have lived in Phoenix for a few months now and overall, have not been to a restaurant where I was fully satisfied. I almost lost hope for the city until I went to Mimi's Cafe tonight. To be honest, I don't remember what I ordered. I don't remember the name of any of the dishes I ordered except for the salad and fries. But, the food was delicious.Along with great food came great service. My waitress was not only courteous and fast paced, she was also very knowledgeable about the food and the restaurant. So overall, for my first visit to this establishment, I was very impressed and plan on coming back in the future. Great food, great service, great restaurant.
2	Our group decided to come here for Sunday brunch. Prices range from 7.95 to 10.95 for breakfast or lunch. Some of us ordered the eggs benedict which was actually good. The turkey lunch was all right, the mash potatoes tasted like it was boxed and the stuffing was too salty. Someone also ordered eggs, fruit and croissant which was fine. The reason I'm giving two stars was the POOR SERVICE. Entering, the host didn't acknowledge us. No greeting at all. Not even a BON JOUR! The waiter never introduced himself. He seemed annoyed half the time. He didn't smile and was not friendly. Maybe the attitude is supposed to represent being in France (the total French experience) or he hated his job and he didn't want to be there. This company needs to revisit customer service 101 to their employees. I think we would of received better service at Denny's or Village Inn.
2	It's sad to say that I wasn't very impressed.  While the meal my wife had, grilled chicken, was moist and very tasty, my meal, a 28 day aged New York Strip had a lot to be desired.  First it was over cooked, I ordered Medium, it came out Medium Well.  The second time it was only 2 steps past Rare.  I didn't send it back a second time due to wanting to get home and put an end to this bad experience.  The other issue I had was seasoning, as there was none, no salt, no pepper, nothing.  Although my food was less than desirable, the server was very pleasant.  I'm not sure I'll be back but if I do return, steak will not be on my most desired list.
1	THE TEN COMMANDMENTS OF DINING AT Mimi's Cafe & Bistro:1.  Thou shall not get upset when the restaurant is half empty on a Saturday night but they take your name in the front of the restaurant and have you wait 9 minutes while you are staring at empty tables.  2.  Thou shalt not expect to be given a lipstick-free beer glass. Thou shalt expect the waitress to tell you these are water spots and not lipstick. (Are there red water spots?)3.  Thou shalt not expect to be given small dishes to put your bread on. Thou shalt expect the waitress to slam them down when she finally brings them to you two at a time so you can do her job and pass the dish to the other diner.4.  Thou shalt expect the waitress to be shocked when you ask her  if your "steak & frites" comes with a peppercorn sauce.  "A SAUCE ON STEAK?????" (Yes, just like in Paris. Isn't this a French-themed restaurant?)5.  Thou shalt not expect your "frites" to be fried extra crispy as you requested and instead you receive them "al dente".  6.  Thou shalt not expect your waitress to be available for an extended period of time.  When you finally get another staffer to get your waitress, you could hear her from the kitchen asking: DO YOU KNOW WHAT THEY WANT? 7.  Thou shalt not expect to be given a choice when you order tea.  Thou shalt expect the waitress to make the decision for you.8. Thou shalt expect to be given a teapot with a broken top so that the steam coming out of the hole can keep you alert and on your toes.9.Thou shalt not expect to receive a ballpoint pen with ink in it to indicate a tip and sign your bill.  10.  Thou shalt not be lured by BOGO (with purchase of two beverages) coupons to get a "FREE" meal at Mimi"s.  FREE IS NOT FREE when you can't enjoy a night out because of mediocre food and Abysmal service.   Au revoir pour toujours!!!!
1	Just tried some breakfast here for the first time and it was terrible. How do you mess up eggs!? The eggs were gross and so were the strawberry cream waffles. For being a big chain I really hope they fix their food.
2	Usually I'm a pretty big Mimi's Cafe fan. Usually... However, last night was a disappointment.Our server was friendly and attentive, however, my mom's calamari came out like 10 minutes before my dad's and my meal. That was her main meal. We encouraged her to start stabbing those rings, but she sat and waited for us. My dad ordered a side salad. Didn't come. Had to ask for it and then came, but after steak/fries arrival. I ordered Mediterranean salad w/Clam Chowder. I had to remind the server about my soup. Five minutes later, she came back empty-handed and announced they were out. That's fine - it wasn't meant to be.My salad included their WONDERFUL muffins. Again, had to remind server about this crucial part, as I'm infatuated w/the Honey Bran muffins. I took it home and violated it.About 15-20 minutes upon departure, I had sharp stabbing pains in my chest area. I took 2 Tums and it took the edge off. Took 2 more. Finally gone. They must have tossed battery acid w/their vinaigrette?!? SmmhhhSorry, Mimi's - not gonna be back anytime soon.
2	My grandparents love this place!!  I am originally from Minnesota and we had a place called Perkins. This feels like Perkins ran away with a French man and had a baby. The food is standard to what you would see at an average American restaurant but with a French flair. I've had a few different things since it's one of my grandparents favorite places to eat. The pot pie is massive so be sure you go hungry. It's good but you really need to be ready for a large meal. They have decent sandwiches but nothing I've had has really blown me away yet. I really enjoy it because my grandparents enjoy it. If you need somewhere to take your parents or grandparents this is the spot!!
