5	Infinity's End is VERY rad. That may sound corny and cliche-but seriously-the clothing, jewelry, incense and sunglasses are very cool, and if you are a smoker (or old enough to smoke...any substance) this is a good place to get all of your smoking accessories...they cater to this actually. The quality has gone down-but I don't blame them, they've survived the Independence Blvd. widening project (unlike a majority of the stores) and thats no small accomplishment. The bumper sticker collection pretty much doesn't exist anymore-which really stinks because I have no clue where to get the bumper stickers that they had anymore. I bought some sterling silver peace earrings and some aviator glasses and they hold up well and they were very affordable. Very cool (in the right way) and uber-alternative...great place to go!
1	My experience is probably not normal, but should be stated.  I walked in and then a masked man walked in behind me a held me hostage.  When he said I'll shoot if you don't open the regester, this fat redneck chick said go ahead and shoot.  He shot twice, neither hit me, then he beat the crap out of me and stole my wallet.  I had 500 cash in there, found out later there was less than 100 in the register.  I tried to call the owner and ask to be compensated and he said he was the victim, because of all the bad publicity.  SCREW THESE GUYS!!!!!!!!!!  If you want hippie clothing/glass/whatever.  Go to a show and buy it on lot.
4	Such a vast collection of unique and quality smoking tools and accessories! Some are rather pricey which is why I give 4 stars and not five but all in all Infinity's End is the best place in the area to pick up your smoking essentials. Beautiful glass tools and a plethora of papers in which to roll what ever delights you and let's not forget to mention the tee shirts and ladies apparel as well. Very fine!I would also like to add the staff is extremely friendly, helpful and knowledgable.Fin!
2	I love this place,especially when it was at its original location on independence,by Albermarle rd.Anyway,ill come here  to buy pipes for my smoking friends,or incense,they have a great selection.Its seems that maybe they have new workers?There was one guy who was a little over weight and extremely rude.No help what so ever whenever i do go there...I had a return to make on an unused pipe the day after Christmas,and i drove a little ways to make this return,and all i got was a,"uh we cant make returns the day after Christmas..." I asked politely," why not? " All that could be said was that there was a sale going on and a return simply could not be accepted. I asked to speak to a manager and he was some "dude" that couldn't give me any better of an explanation. Nothing was said on the receipt or nothing. I went out of my way,and there was nothing said about this "day after no returns" policy,with the staff being very unhelpful,i do not care to go here anymore.Funny though, because my little bro went here the other day and was handed a skateboard with the bearings,and the guy says,"have a nice day", my bro just left with it and was saying , "hey that's on them!"...these guys are a little on the slow side,but even my brother agreed that they were rude to him on that day also! Haha
