3	I stopped into Sally Beauty Supply today on my lunch break to pick up a few items. Thankfully I had a pretty good idea of what I wanted, as there was only one person working... and boy, was she ever working!Between the electricians that were doing something or other in back that kept asking the sales associate questions, to the customer that was doing a return, to the multiple other customers asking technical questions about how to mix hair dye and apply acrylic nails.. My head was spinning just watching everything go down. But the sales associate never skipped a beat, even when two grumpy ladies dropped their basket of merchandise on the floor and huffed out because of the wait at the register. I wish all busy sales associates had such a great, upbeat attitude! I ended up signing up for the Sally Beauty Club, which costs $5 per year. Doing so saved me $5.62 off the items I was buying today, and I walked out with another $5 off coupon for the next time I am shopping. Score one for me!
2	I love Sally because of the cool professional-type items that any Joe Blow off the street can walk in and buy, from professional hair curlers to specialty clips and shampoos. For that I give them 2 stars. I'd rate this location higher but the RUDE employees here really bother me! I swear they are so condescending and can be downright nasty if you are not a salon professional. I've never had a pleasant experience at this store location; it's the kind of situation where you get the feeling the employees are staring at you and can't wait for you to leave so they can begin making fun of you. In fact, I've heard several workers here do just that to other customers. Very unprofessional and very unwelcoming. I love Sally but don't go to this location. I know I won't go back here any time soon!
3	I came here because I had to pick up some lashes for my bridal party.  This store has a lot to choose from, but I'm glad my make up artist told me what exactly to get.  First off, let me say that I went in on a Sunday.  I tried to look up the time that they closed today so when I called, I politely asked what time they closed.  I think the person on the line answered so quick, to me crickets passed, I said, "Hello? Did you say something"  then I got a quick response of "6".  Alrighty then.  Gathered up my things to head over there.  Just my luck, I walked in and the eyelashes were right by the door.  They have a whole lot of professional products, which I'm not all that familiar with, but I did walk out not only with lashes, but I picked up an exfoliating papaya enzyme treatment and serum.  I have yet to try it, but my skin needs some home facial treatment before my big day.  Thankfully on yelp reviews I took the advice on signing up for the club.  I didn't get offered to sign up, I actually had to ask.  I got $10 worth of coupons to use for another day, so the $5 fee makes up for it.  I was prepared not to have top notch customer service.  It takes a lot to push my buttons (Jesse N would disagree).  I do want to share that I was waiting in line for awhile because the person ahead of me was chatting up the associate.  Then someone jumped ahead of me and needed help.  Eeeeh, I don't mind I got no place to go.  Then associate 2 came in said, "I can help you".  Then she looked at the clock said, "OMG, never mind, I still have 10 min of my break.  She will ring you when she's done" and she went back to the back.  I wasn't offended, but had it been another customer, I could almost hear and picture someone that could have taken offense to that.  When I finally was able to make my purchase, I did get a few thank you's in a very monotone voice, it was more of a reaction of me saying thank you myself.  Did I mention she had made a comment on the last customer? LOL, I'm laughing at it all, but it's worth sharing to my fellow yelpers so you can expect the expected here in CS.  Still a great shop to get your professional needs.
1	Person told me to hold on the phone for about 20 mins when I clearly just had ONE QUESTION cause she said she was doing something on the computer. No please no thank you. Go to arroyo plaza, theyre more educated and theyre nicer!!
5	Came in looking for hair coloring products but wasn't too familiar with all of the professional products and I guess the sales associate could tell and offered some advice. She was extremely friendly and helpful in explaining the different hair color products to me :) I guess I came on a good day!
1	I bought 6 boxes of Ion hair dye, all of which were old. When I went to return, the cashier was really rude about it and told me they didn't look old to him (he checked all 6 boxes while I stood there) I buy the stuff all the time and last time I checked it's not supposed to be all chunky when you mix it. He did let me exchange them for new at least. To bad the new ones are also old. Lucky me, I get to go back to Sally's again.
5	I like this sallys workers there are very friendly and always helpful when u have a question or can't find something.
