5	The food is pricey, but out of this world. Try their Beef Tenderloin ala Blue, topped with gorgonzola dolce and sweet onion marmalade, and served with pancetta and spring pea risotto. It melts in your mouth. My friend also enjoyed the Wild Boar - sounds crazy, but delicious.
2	After hearing good things about Blue Restaurant and Bar, Denise and I were happy to try it out last night.  To be fair, we knew it was pricey.  So we were happy to give it a go, considering that someone else was picking up the tab!In any case, wanting to try something unusual that I can't get anywhere else, I chose the Wild Boar.  Four slices of tenderloin and a small chunk of shoulder, served atop a bed of spinach, which in turn was on top of some sort of risotto (rice-like) mixture, and the whole shebang was highlighted with berries (huckleberries, I think).The tenderloin was average.  Good, but a smallish portion, and nothing really special about it.  The shoulder was excellent, and rivaled a tender pot roast.  The risotto was good, as was the berry that highlighted the plate.  The spinach just looked nasty (and I _like_ spinach), so I didn't try it.Beverage service was excellent.  Rarely did I drink more than a bit from my water glass before it was refilled to the top.  Same with my ginger ale.  Bar service appeared to be pretty speedy as well.  But food service was horrid.  Slow, slow, slow.Several of the people in our party ordered a chocolate cake dessert at the time they ordered dinner - apparently it takes a while to prepare.  Well, our server didn't really seem to notice that other people at the table might want some dessert, and was almost shocked when two of us asked for dessert menus when the cakes started arriving.An order of ice cream and another of berries went completely unserved, though we waited twenty minutes or so for them.  I understand if one of the little cakes was ordered, it might take a while to cook.  But how long does it take to scoop some ice cream and throw some berries on a plate?I doubt we'll be back, but it isn't completely about the service.  The food just wasn't that great, and it was a bit pricey.  Nothing wrong with paying up for great food, but Blue wasn't it.
4	Blue features mediterranean style food and offers some unique options that I've not had before. The menu is pricey. Beautiful decor with a nice bar and jazz band playing. The dining room is very nice and feels like it should be pricey.We've had great service every time we've been. The wait staff is helpful, knows the menu very well and has had some solid recommendations. The downside to Blue is that the food doesn't necessarily live up to the surroundings and the prices. I had the kobe beef on one occasion, which was very pricey, and found it to be absolutely awful. I've tried other more unique dishes like their Lamb Tagine which is slow cooked from 5am in the morning until served. I expected lots of great flavors and it was simply okay. My friend enjoyed the wild boar very much. My wife was very happy with the salmon. So the place can be great, it just depends on if you hit the right entree. We'll keep it on the list and hopefully they'll be more consistent.
4	This place was really nice, for the money it should be.  I had a good time, but I don't feel like it was a 5-star experience.  I guess you could say i just wasn't blown away.  But all the food I ate was great- I have a feeling the fact that someone else in my party was allowed to choose our appetizers and dessert may have dimmed the experience slightly.  I really wanted that trio of custards!
4	Got to eat here for free so have no idea how much the food costs. But it was good. Had the...honestly I don't remember what I had to eat here. By the time I had gotten my entree, we had been drinking a lot of wonderful red wine. They wine selection was pretty good for the South. Sorry that's the California wine snob in me talking. The appetizers were wonderful, some kind of mini pizza bread, hummus plate, calamari, etc. Yummy. The service was good. Even the manager pitched in to help us. We were a very large party. Probably around 30. They had live music which was really good and the crowd was cool. If I end up in Charlotte again, I'd go here for more.
5	Quite a number of the best meals in my life came courtesy of the fantastic chef and extremely cordial waitstaff at Blue. Whether for birthdays, work meetings, or just a desire for a nice night out Blue never disappointed, and they often outperformed even themselves on many occasions.The staff here is without a doubt one of the best trained in the city, from the waiters to the hostess to the managers and owners, everyone treats you with a high level of respect, and makes you feel like you are the most important person in the restaurant when you're there. After a few visits I found one waiter I liked even more than the others, and I would always request his table when I came, with no problem from the scheduler. Don't forget, if you bring your own wine (which I do quite frequently) make sure to pour some for your waiter! Not that you NEED to bring wine to Blue, because they have a wine list that is second to none (well, maybe Bonterra) in Charlotte.It's hard to recommend specific dishes at Blue, because I've had so many fantastic ones and they change very frequently with the seasons. It's a Mediterranean style of cuisine, so expect heavily herbed flavors on whatever you get, and an emphasis on great sauces. Perhaps my favorite meal here was a whole shank of Osso Bucco, served over fava beans and mashed sweet potatoes, with a crab and lobster risotto on the side. Pure decadence. If you see this dish on the menu it is the one thing I would suggest getting over anything else, as the meat is so fall-off-the-bone delicious it is nearly impossible to surpass. The duo of bison cuts is another one I would highly recommend.The cheese selection at Blue is also top-notch. There are usually 15-20 to choose from, including several expensive bleu cheeses, which are fortunately all the same price here. It comes with honeycomb and pecans on the side, and unlike many other restaurants doesn't cost extra. Another one of my favorite elements about this restaurant is the very first thing you get when you sit down, hearty bread and the most wonderful spread I've ever tasted. It's a kalamata olive based butter that looks a bit funky at first, but once you eat your first piece the bowl gets quickly emptied.Be sure to save plenty of room for desert as well (Blue's dinner portions can be quite dramatically large) because they whip up some of the fanciest creations you can find in the Charlotte area. And for those of you that don't go for overly sweet temptations there is also a huge fresh berry desert with homemade ice cream, one of my favorites!
2	I'd heard great things about Blue, especially in the drinks department (I stuck with beer, this time though).  I visited on a weeknight, and enjoyed the darker, upscale ambiance.  However, based on previous reviews, the food is hit or miss.  My dinner there was a substantial miss for a pretty substantial price. I ordered the mixed green salad and it was nothing special -- the dressing was blah and it was just regular goat cheese -- no crust, no heat, etc.  I ordered the NY Strip because the waiter said it was amazing, as did another member of my group.  Side note: the service was phenomenal, no problems in that department.  When it arrived, we both found the steak to be EXTREMELY tough.  I know it's not a filet, but you're supposed to be able to get your knife through it without breaking a sweat.  I didn't try my friend's steak, but he actually sent his back for being virtually inedible.  He swapped out for a filet with blue cheese and was quite pleased that he did.  Maybe I should have done the same....I don't know, but if you have to send your food back in order to get a decent meal, it's a pretty bad sign, especially at an expensive establishment.  In Blue's defense, I believe they were pretty upset about my friend's meal -- we basically got an entire desert tray for free.  Those were luckily delicious, as they made up a substantial part of my otherwise sub-par meal. Bottom line, I will not go here again except for cocktails, some appetizers, and some jazz.  Or if someone else is picking up the tab.
3	Disclaimers:1) I'm not from Charlotte and live in San Francisco2) I was in town on business (and so not paying)Group of 6 close business associates at Blue for dinner. Drinks: Had a guy who grew up in Napa picking wines so we had a few very wonderful bottles. He was impressed with the restaurant's selection and we were with his. I also had a microbrew amber ale on draft that was wonderful.Service: Was not over or underdone. Had the flair and attention of a nice establishment without being too snobby/formal. One bottle of wine we particularly liked ran out so the manager came over to talk about similar choices. Nice touch.Appetizers: Choosing cheese and then pairing them with membrio, walnuts and bread was lovely. The house bread with butter mixed with kalamata olives was a wonderful touch.  The calamari rivaled your favorite sports bar (I expected better). The Flavors of the Mediterranean plate was good but not extraordinary. It was a nice option from standard fare for certain though.Main meal: For the price we each agreed we didn't get anything special. Certainly the seasonal Jumbo Scallops on Risotto was good, but it wasn't lovely. Almost too salty and there was nothing tying the seafood with the grain. And I adore both items. The Bolognese was described as 'eh' and 'standard' and the two who got the pork roasts were equally so-so in review and description.Atmosphere: A jazz trio started up as we ate and it added a light and fun atmosphere to the experience. Tables around us were in good spirits, the lighting was set just right and there was enough space to move between tables (very uncommon in SF). It was nice.Conclusion: This was a good experience but not great. I don't want to think because this is a smaller town then I'm used to, "nice" local places  = lower standards. I tend more to think there were good ideas here not executed to their fullest. 3 stars is all about the food which is ultimately why we pay these prices and go to these places. I think if the ingredients were fresher and the temperatures and spices were watched closer then this could be a 5 star no matter in what city it's located.
4	Wonderful restaurant and very friendly wait staff.  I made reservations and was seated promptly.  The grilled salmon was made to perfection and the flirtini's were great.  I actually met a quality guy there as well.  ;)  Overall, the experience was awesome.  Very nice restaurant, good food, friendly staff, valet was a bit slow, but overall a good time and worth the money.
4	Thanks to the Omni hotel for recommending Blue.  We had a fab dinner experience, which was a great start to a long work trip last January.  We had a beautiful bottle of Caymus Cab, delishious wild boar and I believe a nice steak or other red meat.  Finished with a yummy Sauturnes (sp??) and cheese plate. Service was top notch.
3	Good but too pricey for what you get.
5	The atmosphere and the service made my evening with friends so much more pleasant that I will definitely be back. The food was good, the Mediterranean salad was amazing, that dressing was tasty and not overbearing, the orange chicken was well cooked but not as special as I hoped for, then again, I can't expect miracles from chicken. The desert (tres leches) was great, super sweet so not for everyone but tasty.
4	We returned to Blue over the weekend to give them another try after a disappointing experience almost a year ago.  I made reservations on www.OpenTable.com and we were seated right away upon arrival.  I had requested that we be seated in the main dining area (instead of the back area near the restrooms that looks like it should be reserved only for large parties).  The main room had a LOT more atmosphere to it, and we were thankful to be a part of it this time.  Our server was fantastic.  He was very friendly and the opposite of snobby (unlike our server during last year's visit).  We ordered martinis and he shook them in individual shakers right at our table before pouring them.  They were very delicious.  Nightly, they have a martini special, so be sure to ask what it is!   Because they were so affordable, we ordered two each!For appetizers, we ordered the (1) calamari and (2) scallops.  Our server informed us that there were two scallops in the appetizer and asked if we wanted three so each person in our party could have one.  We readily agreed and the small upcharge was worth it.  The jumbo scallops had SO much flavor to them and were cooked to perfection.  The calamari was tasty, too!   The kitchen put both appetizers on one large serving platter, so it wouldn't take up a lot of space on our table.  Very smart!  For entrees, I opted for the sea bass.  Our server "warned" me that the sea bass is brought out whole.  I was hesitant at first because I didn't want to have to pick through the skin and have the head hanging off one side of my plate and the tail off the other.  He then advised me that he brings it whole and then filets it at the table for me, taking away the skin, head, and tail.  So I agreed, figuing it would be entertaining as well, which it was.  He earns bonus points for all that work.  He nicely fileted the fish, leaving only the head attached to the spine and bones.   Yes, there were a couple of small bones in my sea bass, but all in all, he did a fantastic job.  And it was very tasty.  We left Blue with a much more favorable impression, so we were glad we returned.  The pricing is a little more than we care to spend on a regular basis, though, so repeat visits will have to be for special occasions only.
2	Pricey and just mediocre in service, food quality and atmosphere. Went on Sunday, January 31, the last evening of the Dining Out Charlotte special event, dinner for $30.  Two couples, we brought our own wine, and bill still came to $100 per couple. And the three others with me all had the Ragout dish and ALL three were sick to their stomachs throughout that night into the next evening. There are way better restaurants in Charlotte for the price.  Footnote -- the restaurant was nearly empty due to the weather.  You would think the manager would have come by the table to ask us about our dining experience.  He or she never appeared...do they even care?
4	I just want to start by saying that these 4 stars are alot deserved mostly due to that amazing complimentary cheese bread and bacon butter. Best way to start a meal.'APPS:Jumbo Sea Scallops - GET IT. DEEEELlicious. Best appetizer of the night. Huge scallop wrapped in crispy proscuitto bacon and cooked just for the right amount of time. Comes with 2 pieces, but you can order a third.Crab Cakes - Didn't even think I liked crab, and this was good. Comes with 2, but you can order a third.Mediterranean Platter - Just ok, and the pita seemed stale and like they were just microwaved. Comes with a variety of hummus, olive tapenade, etc..ENTREES:Osso Bucco: The veal was so delicious. Sometimes restaurants who serve veal find the crappiest veal meat - how that is possible I don't even know. The sauce was a little too thick for my taste, but very good. My favorite entree of the night.Beef Tenderloin: The filet mignon here was not bad for a non-steak house. Topped with a strong cheese, with a side of risotto. Recommended.Lamb: Too gamey, don't get it.DESSERTS:Apple Tartin: Too mushyChocolate Lava Cake: Not lava-y enough.Dolce Pineapple Cake: Too mushy.They had live music playing on a Wednesday night, but the most entertaining part of the night was probably the fact that my 40 year-old waiter was hitting on my 2 male coworkers. Good entrees, good service, and really not as expensive as I thought it would be.
4	I can definitely see why this place gets busy after 6pm. After a hard day of work, Blue will make all stress take a back seat. I really liked the use of the space and the different seating areas. They created a nice atmosphere and colorful mini floor tiles.The hostess and servers were very welcoming and friendly throughout the entire experience. The wine and appetizers were great! I didn't stay for dinner, but one day I will be back (with some cash to burn).
3	Overall, nothing special here. We went for RESTAURANT WEEK on a busy Saturday night. I had the NY Strip, which did not look like a high quality cut. My wife had the "Jumbo" scallops... 3 small scallops for $25. You don't get much for what you pay, and the quality of the food just meets your expecations.The best thing we had was the Baklava. Fantastic. Free valet parking is another plus. The waiters seemed attentive.The decor was okay. I was expecting more of a loungy, hip atmosphere. The most suprising thing were how many diners were complimenting the food after their meals. Charlotte-- time to raise your standards??
4	Terrific atmosphere and excellent service.  The appetizers are very small, so be forewarned, but the quality was very good.  I enjoyed my dinner (Moroccan Lamb), but my wife's Veal Osso Bucco was too salty and had to be exchanged for the Mushroom Bolognese.  The waiter took care of this very quickly and I was impressed overall.  Good experience!
3	I must have been in a good mood (translated to champagne haze) as every place I went to on this snowy night in Charlotte seemed more fun than the last.  But know we only drank here and didn't eat.Oh well- it's my review and my night and I was having a blast! We stopped in here to grab a drink (or two or three) to listen to some music after dinner at a nearby restaurant. We sat at the bar and immediately found ourselves in the middle of a Catholic high school reunion complete with the football jock, the crazy girls and some pretty bad chocolate cake that the bartender set down in front of us. Fun is where you make it- so we stayed to listen to the band play (my only wish is that the stage area had been a few steps further away) but the band was quite good and we enjoyed the range of music. The place has a contemporary feel with the restaurant on one side and the bar area over to the right. Several drinks later and it was either join into the catholic school reunion or push on to the next place. So push on we did- but not before thinking that this place was OK and might even be better than that on a night where squealing women were not reliving their high school fantasies!
2	Dining out is like dating. You can go out once and have no desire to ever go out again. Or you can fall in love and find reason to be back daily. Although I found the menu to offer a nice variety, and the food was well presented, I can't say I was overly blown away by my dinner experience. While Lamar was extremely knowledgeable, and selected a nice wine within our price range, I wasn't particularly tickled by the overall meal. Kind of like a good looking guy that dresses well and says the right things, but is just... blah. My filet was cooked to perfection, and the bite sized nibbles of my friends meals proved to be tasty. The hummus platter offered a nice variety, and Lamar immediately replenished the warm pita bread upon seeing our empty basket. Everything was done properly, up to expectation, with no hassle or complaint to give, yet I walked away with a very average feel. Just like the guy that you have so much in common with, your mom likes, your friends approve, but you're really not that into him. I think there are better fish out in the sea for me than Blue.
2	Very RUDE management- we had to wait over an HOUR to get our car out of valet while we watched people leave left and right...we mentioned this to several people - we were offered many excuses to find out in the end that they completely misplaced our CAR! I would have been satisfied if they had offered us a drink- our table spent over $200 on our dinner- we didn't even get an apology...I wrote a letter and everything!The waitstaff was friendly- the meal was ok - nothing special considering Charlotte has plenty of great restaurants . Restaurants have a lot to do with relationships- and they killed mine with this one.  Bottom line the food wasn't THAT good to warrant my return...
4	I like this place. All of my experiences here have been warm and fuzzy.Service is good. Ambiance is nice. Jazz on Thursdays - Sat I believe? Their filets are decent. If I remember correctly, they were char grilled and not broiled. Their oso buco is to die for. Rich, tender and cooked to perfection.No complaints and I would definately return. At least until a bad experience. =)
1	Very curteous service but could not make up for a compltely lackluster dinner. Ordered the rib eye special with herbed gnocci and broccoli rabe. Steak was bland, gnocci was dry and lacked any flavor while broccoli rabe was over salted. Sticky toffee pudding for dessert was too sweet. This was my third and last meal there - three strikes and you are OUT! This CA girl knows better.
2	I loved this place the first time, but I went back for Restaurant Week, and was incredibly disappointed.Fisherman's Daughter Wild Shrimp and Cucumber Salad - NOTE: This is NOT a salad. It's 4 cocktail shrimp with sweetened tomato sauce and a shreds of cucumbers. Bleh.Prosciutto Flat Bread - Had a really stinky fontina cheese and I felt the sage was too pungent. Also, I didn't like the quality of the flatbread.Alaskan Halibut with a Lobster Succotash - Most flavorless halibut I have ever had. Lobster cream sauce should never be flavorless! I added a boatload of salt, so it was somewhat bearable. The Cake di Chocolate is standard lava cake (takes forever to make).The Pecan Pie was HUGE. The Sticky Toffee Pudding was very butterscotchy. Overall? Not a fan.Maybe if I come back next time I'll have better luck?
4	Blue, oh Blue, you didn't leave me blue during Restaurant Week. Thanks for that! Blue was the only of my three Restaurant Week stops that was successful. Why, you ask? Well, one of the main reasons is because Blue offered a nice variety of their standard menu items on the Restaurant Week menu. No subtractions, no reduced portions no half-assed attempts at bringing back customers. Normal portions and great food. Four of my girlfriends and I made a reservation at Blue before heading to a show at the Stage Door theater. Here's how it went down.Ambiance: Blue is just pretty inside. They have a lovely bar, spacious tables and an overall upscale "chill" atmosphere. Service: Our server was great. Dealing with a table of five women is probably not the easiest task of the night but he did well. He was friendly, polite and offered great suggestions. Strawberry Cheesecake Martini: Meh, I've had much better martinis from Blue. It was a little too strong and had bit of a burning aftertaste. This is all on me though, as I made the choice to order a martini with cream in it. Next time it's back to dirty. Tega Hills Mixed Green Salad: Delicious. Organic mixed greens (according to our waiter grown in Tega Cay especially for Blue), chunks of goat cheese boursin, roasted tomatoes and a tasty vinaigrette. This was all topped with a pistachio tuile, which looked like a cookie and tasted like a crouton. Alaskan Halibut with a Lobster Succotash: I'm copying exactly what was in this dish straight from their menu "pan-seared, potato-crusted halibut over lobster, corn, fava beans and tomatoes in a creamy lobster broth." It was delectable, friends. The halibut was moist, perfectly encrusted and perfectly balanced with the succotash. I would have loved a bit more lobster, but who wouldn't?Sticky Toffee Pudding w/Salted Caramel Ice Cream: Our waiter mentioned to me that he hasn't seen anyone actually finish the "cake" part in this dessert. Now I know why. While the salted caramel ice cream was beautiful with the sticky toffee pudding, there just wasn't enough to go around and cut the sweetness of the cake part. The dessert was generous and tasty, but I needed more 'scream. And by the way, if they offered to sell this salted caramel ice cream, I would buy it in a heartbeat. *Note to Blue, your food was great but please don't tease us with a list of desserts on the Charlotte Restaurant Week website that you aren't going to serve. While the desserts were great, I and some of my fellow diners had our hearts set on a few of the desserts listed online but were not served that evening. Sad face.Overall, this was a very, very good meal and a great deal for Restaurant Week. Adding up all of the components, this meal (post tax, pre-tip) would have normally retailed for roughly $60 and I paid $41. Would I pay retail for this full menu, sure, I probably would. I just wouldn't order all three courses in one sitting. See ya soon, Blue. I'll likely be the girl in the corner hoarding the chocolate martini and two desserts.
4	This restaurant was recommended to us and we were not disappointed!  We were visiting the Charlotte area and had dinner here last Saturday night.The ambiance was good - the live jazz was at a nice volume.  Our server was engaging, with a lot of personality.  It did take a while sometimes for him to get back around to us, but we weren't in a hurry.We had the scallop appetizer - it was very very good - one large scallop for each of us, which would have been pricey at $11 but we had a free appetizer coupon given to us by our downtown hotel.  I also had the cheese plate and chose 2 selections - too much for just one person, as I needed to save room for the main course, although both cheeses were excellent!We both had the 'duo of wild boar' - really great!  The tenderloin portion could have been beef - the flavor was wonderful, and the black currant sauce was perfect with it.  The shoulder portion was more like pulled pork and was also quite good.Although I was STUFFED, my husband still wanted dessert and our waiter recommended a chocolate mousse with a peanut butter sauce - it tasted fantastic, like the best Reece's cup ever, and was light enough that I was able to eat quite a bit of it myself, too.  :-)An excellent experience and if we lived in Charlotte, this would definitely be on our list of special occasion restaurants!
4	I like Blue ... the food has been great every time i have been there.  It is a tad on the pricey side but the service has been good every time i have gone.  It can sometimes feel a bit pretentious - the hostess/maitre'd can at times have an attitude.  Overall this is a very solid restaurant.  If you get a chance to hang out in the bar towards the later hours of the evening you can be treated to some good jazz/blues.  The quality of this will vary based on the performer but overall it is pleasant.
2	it was ok.  mussels were good.  service ok.  ambiance seemed dated.  worth a trip, but not sure i would go back.
1	This Mickey Mouse operation has been relentlessly spamming me for months.  I AM IN BOSTON, not Charlotte.  I would never patronize a place like this.  If you do, be cautious -- DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR EMAIL.
5	I have been here twice, both times with a large group & we had a private room.  Service was excellent as was the food.  I always recommend this place to anyone visiting Charlotte & they always tell me how much they loved it.
4	Thumbs up, great wine selection and atmosphere.  Must try the Scallops. Went during Charlotte Restaurant Week.  They accommodated a group of ten.
4	This place is solid. Just moved here from New York and this place really has an NYC type feel. Modern decor, nice bar and their own spin on dishes. Calamari is some of the best ive ever had, no joke. Lobster crab cakes are small but also top notch. The filet is tasty, not steakhouse quality but they put there own spin on it and it has a lot of flavor. Chocolate moose was very tasty too. Would definetly go back.
3	Food is good but management and service is aloof. Katie at the bar was the exception.
4	I went there during the restaurant week. It was way too crowded. But the best calamari I had for a long long time. The food I ordered was not superb. But I'll come back for their appetizers for sure. Great ambiance and love the jazz.
1	It pains me to say after Blue was my favorite restaurant for yeeeeears but spending 12 hours sick as a dog without  them doing a thing about it has forced me too.On Dec 18 2010 we sprang for an overnight sitter, got a room at the Omni, and a reservation at Blue (our favorite restaurant)  By the time dinner was over I needed to use the restroom and after that barely made it back to the Omni where I spent the rest of the night on the toilet.  I have eaten food from street vendors in Asia, Africa, and Mexico and have NEVER had a problem; yes I have intestines of steel.I called Blue the next day to warn them if nothing else and was told "the chef is off but I will let him know"  I never heard another thing.  I wasn't looking for a million dollars, but I spent $400 for a romantic evening on the john.  Mistakes happen, I am just disappointed in Blues lack of response or concern for a loyal customer.
5	I like Blue, not sure why I don't get here too often (the price may be a big weigher).Last time I was here is for a friend's birthday celebration. I ordered the sea bass and yum... I almost lick my plate if only my momma didn't teach me well. My companions got Moroccan chicken and some part of pig on a bone. Yes, they both are also yummy (I'm a forker and good at it!) But definitely glad I didn't lick my plate because then I had room for dessert. They were nice enough to put all three desserts (chocolate moose, lemon bar and chocolate molten cake) on a beautiful plate with candle on it. We unanimously agreed, we will claw each other for the lemon bar. Waitress was really nice and attentive. So... definitely come and visit blue, get some wine and lemon bar while listening to jazz.
4	Saw some mixed reviews on Yelp, but I wanted nice food and live music.  I don't know if we just hit them on a good day, but everything was just about perfect for us.The calamari with fried grapes and olives was super.  The scallop appetizer was even better.I adored my tenderloin entree, ad the desert was the best part of the evening.
4	My boyfriend and I have eaten here a few times, and so far, we have been very pleased with the service and quality of food.  They have a great wine selection as well.   It is not a place to go on the cheap though, so be prepared to spend a little cash.  We stopped in on Friday evening to meet a friend for beverages and there was a blues band playing.  Alex Myrick (the owner) actually got up and sang with the band and played harmonica. He was great! I would definitely recommend Blue for a nice dinner or as a cool place to stop in for bevvies and appetizers.
5	Great setting. Big restaurant but great service. Mediterranean. Halibut was killer - in a soup.  Major dipping action.  A gem!
4	I was staying at the City Center Marriott for a conference, and asked the Concierge at the hotel for a few recommendations. Chose her favorite, blue. Couldn't have been more pleased with the recommendation I had the prosciutto wrapped scallops for an appetizer.Yummy...Then I had the wild boar entree..Yummy to eat as well.. Service was excellent also.
5	My wife and I goto Blue several times a year (mostly for special occasions and what not.)They've never put a foot wrong.The service is impeccable, the wine list is extensive, the martinis delicious, the food delectable.My absolute favorite has to be the summer seasonal Pork Milanese.  Had the Tenderloin last time and was suitably sated.
5	So I have eaten here a hand full of times and the food and service has always been out of this world. This is actually one of my favorite places to get fillet Mignon. Although, I have tried many other things on the menu though; like the wild boar - which will blow your mind. Regardless, I think you would be hard pressed to find bad food here. The only disappointment I have ever experienced with this place is that they serve Foie Gras. I am sure they make what is considered "good foie gras" but I just think it is cruel in terms of what they have to do to the poor duck/goose to make this dish. As far as the feel of the place, although it is upscale, I find it to be a bit more casual than formal. With low light and deep tranquil colors, it is relaxing; setting a good stage for conversation. Another great date place in my book!
1	So I just rushed home from Blue because I couldn't wait to get on here and give them this review.  Ok, I'm lying.  I made one stop on the way home - Barnes and Noble -  to buy a dictionary so I could find the words to explain just how bad this place was for me.  If not for it being restaurant week, thus having reduced pricing, I might have 'made a scene.'So I'll start with a service review since I can sum it up with one simple fact: 2 hours and 15 minutes into dinner (restaurant week I remind you - simplified menu, 3 courses) we were still waiting on stuff to be brought to the table.  The service was atrocious and incredibly slow.  At the 2 hour and 15 minute mark, we finally just flagged down the waitress, told her to box up the food, box up the desserts that hadn't arrived yet, just so we could finally get the heck out of there.  Initially I thought this was part of the "Blue experience," but its not.  The waitress came by every 30 minutes, took the order for the next course, and it took an hour for each course to come out.  So the food is boxed and i come home, nightmare over, right?  Wrong! they boxed up my friends food and gave it to me, boxed his up an gave it to the 3rd couple that was with us, etc, etc, etc.  So NOBODY went home with their own food.  I love my friends, but I'm not nibbling at their food scraps.  So, food, how was the the food?  Not quite horrible, but not quite good either.  Edible is a better word for it.  I got the "Grilled Niman Ranch Pork Rack Chop - with a Tuscan white gigante bean and kale ragout finished with a sweet Italian saba."  sounds fancy, eh?  Well, it was basically lukewarm vegetable soup, with a hint of chef boyardee, and a dinky pork chop dropped right in the middle.  It was so boring and bland, i question the chef's competence and would openly challenge him to a cook-off if this is as good as he could do.  I could walk into a grocery store blindfolded, randomly grab something, bring it home and microwave it for 3 minutes, and I would still like my chances.  Nobody at the table was impressed with anything they ordered.So let's circle back for a second, and return to service.  The waitress was very nice and knowledgeable I have to say.  Maybe she was just over capacity?  I don't know.  But she recognized our frustration and had the manager bring our to-go boxes to us and apologize for the delays and long waits between courses (I think).  This is how that conversation went:Manager: "hey guys, sorry things took a little long, you know uh, restaurant week and the kitchen got backed up.  But how was everything?"Me: "Well, it was ok.  some things were pretty good i suppose, some better than others."Manager: (blank stare)Me:  (awkward moment)Manager; "well sorry again, and uh i mean, you know ehhhh...." (blank stare).Me: (still awkward so I'm just going to stand up now and leave).Manager: (blank stare and walks away).needless to say, I will never come back here again.  If it were free, I would probably still pass.  If asked what could they do to make it right, i would respond with a full refund of the entire dinner, plus compensation for the 2 hours and 30 minutes of my life that I'll never get back.
4	Can only review the bar and bar staff this go round as we didn't eat here. We did however have a great time in the bar listening to the live, mostly bluesy band play. The only negative was our server who disappeared for long stretches but it was easy enough to walk the five feet to the bar for another G&T so no biggie, at least this time. Many kudos to another server who took care of this rather toasted couple at the end of the evening and made sure we got safely into a cab back to The Blake. She was an angel.
4	Blue.  Your Friday night just got a lot more exciting! The restaurant was busy, but not jam packed on an impromptu Friday night dinner date.  While we weren't dressed to the nines, they were ok with letting us in!  There is a lot to choose from on the menu, but the way it is divided makes it much more navigable. It is divided into appetizers, mid courses, salads, cheese courses, entrees, and specials.  We began with the Tega Hills bibb lettuce salad with warm duck confit, as well as the Moroccan Kefta meatballs.  The salad was scrumptious.  It was really working that whole sweet and salty thing.  Meatballs were not my pick, but WOW they were good.  Served with a charmoula sauce which is heavy on the garlic, parsley and cumin, in a very good way.Per our waitress' recommendation (who was GREAT by the way), I had the pan seared Australian sea bass.  It was served on top of a diced butternut squash with ginger brown butter.  It was light  yet decadent at the same time.  Our waitress gave great recommendations and was totally enthusiastic about the menu.  I love it when people get as excited about food as me. We really enjoyed our experience and would be back in a flash.
4	Invited another couple to join us for dinner and a play on a Friday night. The owner took us to our table and was clairvoyant as he asked if we were on our way to the play.  When we responded yes, he looked at his watch and said we has plenty of time, but he would assure our waiter new we had a hard stop at 7:45pm.Well, the service was impeccable and the food was very good.  The crowd was a diverse group of couples and small groups and everyone seemed to be enjoying the food and the ambience.The calamari was excellent, very light and not greasy.  My wife and I shared the greens salad and the Mediterranean mixer plate and both were very good.  I had the Sea Bass with squash.  It was larger and a tad heavier than I expected and would have appreciated a smaller portion, but the dish was very good nonetheless.  My wife had the flank steak and it was delicious (she shared a bite).Wine selection was more than adequate and the dessert (cafe la coq) was very good.I don't give 5 stars easily, so 4 stars from me is very good!
4	If someone rates this less than a 4 then they probably should not be grading a fine dining restaurant.  Blue has an excellent atmosphere that is light and whimsical.  It is formal but not what I would call over the the top.  Do dress nice though!Staff is obviously experienced and they know how to describe a meal properly.  They are also very friendly and make you feel at home.  The variety of food was the ONLY thing keeping me from rating a 5.  Granted, everything sounded very nice and when it came out it was the absolute best quality of that dish that one could expect BUT nothing was out of the box. If you are looking for dishes done the right way with a clean taste and not too much doctoring up, then come to Blue.   Great for a date, business meeting......just not the place you want to go if your pallet is feeling extremely adventurous!
4	Great place and great atmosphere! I ordered the wild boar dish and it was amazing. So fresh and not gamey at all. I am an avid hunter so I was interested to see their take on this dish. I was very delightfully surprised. I had a great experience there and can not wait for my next excuse to go back. Make sure you call ahead because it gets very busy and it is worth it! They have great live music and the service was great.
4	I went here for my birthday and it was a very lovely dinner. There was a jazz band playing which gave the place a good atmosphere. It's classy and a perfect celebration or romantic dinner spot. It is pricey though so plan to spend a pretty penny. My husband and I shared the Flatbread and the Scallops and for dinner i had the Beef Tenderloin and he got the Duo of Wild Boar. The food was fabulous! Juicy and very flavorful. Every dish was presented beautifully and tasted as good as it looked. I was very happy and reallllly full by the end of the night. If you have the money or a special occasion to celebrate do it at Blue, you won't be disappointed!
5	I've been to Blue twice to entertain clients for dinner and both times, the restaurant exceeded my expectations!  First, they are extremely accomodating to large groups and easy to make reservations with.  The staff is top notch with impeccable service and I was very pleased to see that they knew the extensive wine list and every detail of the menu to a tee, which should be a given at a restaurant of this caliber but I'm always surprised at how many places this doesn't hold true.  Onto the food, we started with the arancini (sp?) balls - YUM, they are a must have and our table enjoyed the calamari and scallops as well.  For dinner, several people at our table had the Wild Boar (two ways), which I got to taste, and it was amazing, definitely one of the best things on the menu.  I opted for the Duck Bolognese the first time and was not disappointed; the sauce, pasta, duck and even the fried egg on top were all cooked perfectly with flavors that blended exceptionally well.  During my most recent visit, I had the Lamb Tagine, which was not only spectacular in presentation but also in flavor.  It's a hefty portioncooked over cous cous with fruits and veggies - it was so tender is just slid off the bone.  To finish, all the desserts were great and I highly recommend Blue for just about anything - a date, business dinner, special occasion or just a drink at the bar.  Enjoy!
5	I took my husband to Blue last week to celebrate his birthday and we both loved it!  The waiter we had was very helpful and proceeded to give us a list of his favorite menu items as soon as we sat down.  His input deemed extremely useful since my husband loved the dish he recommended.We decided to order the cheese platter and were very pleased with it.  Although the cheese that the waiter described as "stinky cheese" was pretty mild, it was still pretty flavorful.  The lamb shank that I ordered was cooked perfectly. In fact, it was so perfect that the meat was falling off the bone!  As a disclaimer, I will start by saying that I don't eat pork (I know, I know) but the pork shoulder that my husband ordered was phenomenal!  The risotto that comes with the dish was also fantastic.  It was simple yet very flavorful.The only complaint that I have about this restaurant is its dessert.  We ordered the cake di chocolate and were terribly disappointed by it.  This chocolate cake just falls short.  If you decide to try a dessert at this restaurant, I would definitely recommend that you try something else (especially is you love chocolate).
4	Highly accommodating for allergies and food preferences. Good service, quality food and robust drink/wine menu. Would definitely go again.
4	A group of us went for dinner on Friday night. We drove in and were very pleased with the valet parking. The atmosphere was lovely. The group that arrived before we did was greeted very warmly - they must be regulars. We were treated professionally if not warmly. Our fav appetizers were the lobster crab cake and the scallops. I really liked the wild boar entree. Three of the group had filets that were huge, one had the branzino (yum! a whole fish filleted tableside) and one had a delicious pasta dish. Of course we enjoyed wine with our meal and they have an extensive selection. The service was very good. We were too full for dessert, but we really had a great time and would def go back again.
4	We went here for New Year Eve. This was our second time at Blue and it was just as good as the first time. Impeccable service. Energetic and Chic Ambiance. The Lemon Drop Martini was so good that I had two and I have been known to send it back to the bar if it is not made right.My Butternut Squash was rich, perfectly spices with the right amount of creamy taste. My Pan Roasted Grouper was cooked just right and very fresh but I wasn't overly crazy about how it was spiced. We capped the night by sharing a piece of Chocolate cake and it was delicious..
4	Restaurant Week is a double-edged sword.  Restaurants either go all out, trying to impress you enough that you'll come back, or they just kind of schlep through it... and in that case, one must wonder why they even bother participating?Blue definitely falls into the going-all-out category.  I had been there once before for a non-Restaurant-Week meal, and I remember being impressed more by the ambiance than the food.  It's not that the food wasn't good: it just didn't stick in my memory like the swanky interior and live jazz did.When we returned for restaurant week, things were more equalized.  The interior remained swanky, and the jazz remained live, but I certainly remember the food this time.  Instead of making diners choose from a different menu, Blue merely marked certain regular offerings as eligible for RW.  Everything we ordered was delicious, especially the Scottish salmon.  To wash it all down, they make a mean martini.  Mmm mmm.  When you add in a fantastic waitress, what else can you ask for?The only bit that keeps Blue from getting 5 stars is that we had to wait, even though we had a reservation.  I understand with was Restaurant Week and all, so even that is just a minor blip.
4	My husband and I went to Blue because we heard it was nice.  Parking and the crowd wasn't bad for Valentine's Day.  We were surprised.  We went for happy hour and appetizers since we weren't very hungry.  The bartender was very nice and helpful.  We ordered drinks and appetizers from their happy hour menu.   So we chose kamikaze's, pepperoni pizza and calamari.  I hogged all the calamari  completely up from my hubby.  I guess I liked it :-). For the price $6 drinks and 2 for $10 appetizers we were full and full.  Drinks tasty and food tasty.  We put this on the must return list for sure.  Can't wait to have dinner here.  Menu looked inviting.
4	I liked my meal here.  Good solid food, but not really anything earth shattering or innovative.  We had the crab cakes, scallops (which were EXCELLENT)  and striped bass which was good.  They really shine in the dessert area though, the bread pudding Brioche was absolutely fabulous.  Service was very attentive.  The crowd was a little weird, there were super casual people and very dressed up people.  The cocktails were excellent, overall it was good but not anything that I am dying to go back for.
4	This was a surprisingly great find - the menu had plent of options, the service was outstanding with wonderful recommendations (definitely trust the waitress), and from appetizer to dessert, just a wonderful experience.
3	Food was really good! The tenderloin ala Blue was so good with their risotto. DO NOT Valet your car though. Took us 45 min to get it back.
3	I contacted the restaurant to inquire about the Jazz.  I was it was available from 7pm-10pm.  However, when we arrived I was advised it began at 10pm.  I was disappointed we left our location in South Park to get there.  I may give this place one more opportunity to redeem thereselves.  Right now I am not impressed with the customer service.
5	Possibly one of the best restaurants in the world.  No joke.As someone who travels extensively and entertains clients regularly, I have been blessed with the opportunity to eat at some of the best restaurants in the country.   Blue is the best of the best.The service is top notch.  The servers know the food and the wines and invariably make excellent recommendations.The food is the best I have had anywhere.  Specifically the scallop appetizer, and the gorgonzola filet.  My wife and I go here as often as our budget allows (which, sadly,  is not that often...) and order two of each... every time.Chef Briggs is a mastermind.  We are lucky to have him in Charlotte.
5	Cool atmosphere, awesome food, great service, interesting menu - very impressed, and certain to return again!The interior of Blue is aesthetically pleasing - dim lights, interesting floor set up, art on the walls, and live jazz. It feels fancy, but isn't overly intimidating. The menu is decent sized, offering many options for appetizers, salads, and both seasonal entrees as well as year-round favorites. The beer list included some great options. The table started off Flavors of the Mediterranean - a hummus, baba ghanoush, olive tapenade, and white bean salad plate. There were also some stuffed grapeleaves (non-veggie) and a few goat-cheese stuffed peppadews served with pita bread - everything was delicious - very different flavors in each, amazing. I could have eaten the app as a meal. I think the olive tapenade was my favorite - just a very crisp and not over-salty flavor. I gave my grapeleaves away - but was told they were flavorful. The others ordered the Mussels with Chorizo and Piperade - and what a HUGE amount of mussels there were. I was told they were really good. They also served bread, a cranberry walnut and a cheese focaccia with an olive butter - this was also amazing. For an entree I ordered the seasonal Alaskan Halibut. It was amazing. The fish was cooked perfectly (slight crisp to the outside, and tender inside) over crab, sweet fresh corn, red thumb potatoes, fava beans, and cherry tomatoes in a creamy corn broth - the flavors went very well together for an interesting dish. Dessert was an amaretto dark chocolate cheesecake - it was good, not amazing. The consistency was a little drier than a cheesecake, and i wish it was a bit more chocolatey - but with the salted caramel the flavors slightly reminded me of a german chocolate cake. I will be back.
2	We were excited to dine at Blue as part of Restaurant Week.  The restaurant is visually stunning, creating a wonderful ambiance for dining.... Unless you are seated at the back corner of the adjacent back room staring at a utility door.  Nobody puts Baby in the corner!  I should have spoken up and asked for a new table (there seemed to be plenty even though it was Restaurant Week), but we had already ordered drinks by the time we realized just how bad our table was.The food was very good, if not a little heavy.  I had the risotto balls appetizer and the hangar steak.  The hangar steak, while flavorful on the inside, had a layer of char on the exterior.  I couldn't get the taste of char out of my mouth.  My wife opted for the swordfish which was light, flavorful, and excellent.  Our server was decent and provided good recommendations for dessert.  However, we had trouble finding her when we trying to ask for the check.  Upon leaving, I was surprised to see that there was live jazz - something I couldn't see or hear because we were stuck in the CORNER.Was the food good?  For the most part - yes.  Would I go back? Um, probably not.
4	Gorgeous restaurant...the ambiance is great...very unique and tasty cuisine, and there was (at least when we were there) a trio of custards dessert that was IN-SANE!  A great meal...but it is DEFINITELY pricey...go for a special occasion, but DO go!
1	The food was literally inedible. We had calimari as our app & it was very yummy. We were excited about our entrees based on this course. My husband ordered the shrimp gnocchi dish. It tasted like orange peels-even the shrimp. There was a pesto sauce & orange rinds in the dish, which we thought was an interesting combo. I never tasted such an overwhelming orange dish in my life. Nothing had any other taste except orange zest. I had the duck, which was okay. Nothing to write home about. The duck was really rough & fatty. Came with a side of asparagus & rice. The veggies & rice were okay. I preferred them over the duck. For dessert, we ordered the cheesecake to split. We didn't even finish it. Would definitely NEVER go back
5	I was very impressed by this restaurant! I read about it prior to coming to Charlotte for a business trip in an article by a magazine and was not at all disappointed.My coworker and I were impressed by the ambiance and attentive service. The waitstaff was knowledgeable about the menu and made great recommendations for both wine and our meals. We left full and more than satisfied by our meal.Although this was expensive, the quality of food and service made it worth every cent!
5	Came here for a DNC-sponsored event... Open bar. Carving station. Yes, it was free. But Blue spared no expense. Excellent food. The service was pretty damn good considering there was hardly room to maneuver. Still bummed they tried to seat us in plastic chairs in terrible location when I first came here for restaurant week as earlier posted
5	Had dinner at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Colleen the bartender advised me on the meal and Mike the bartender talked soccer and hoops.  First they served me home baked bread with a delicious spread that was a meal by itself, then I had the poached pear gorgonzola salad which was light, tasty and satisfying.  Then Colleen advised the wild Boar.  What a treat!! delicious and came with a risotto that was amazing.  Topped off with a wild blueberry sauce.  Portion was huge and I could not finish it but I wish I could have.  I ended with the molten chocoloate cake with vanilla ice cream.  15 minutes to prepare Colleen had warned me, but 3 minutes to eat.  Super meal, wont forget it.  If you have a face and a mouth and can chew food, you will surely love Blue!!
4	My wife and I went here in September to celebrate my birthday, and will definitely be coming back. The atmosphere was soft and romantic, the service outstanding, and the eclectic menu items something to be savored. I LOVED the Moroccan-spiced Chicken Tangine my wife ordered, which almost made me regret the outstanding Chilean Sea Bass on my own plate. Just a short drive away in the heart of Uptown, Blue is one of Charlotte's best dining experiences.
4	Had a great dinner at Blue last week.  A friend wanted to take me out, and picked the place.  The night began with complimentary valet- always a plus in uptown.  We had a reservation and were seated in a comfy booth on Friday night.  We began with the flat bread appetizer- nothing out of the ordinary,  but tasty nonetheless!  Then the bread arrived- the cranberry wheat is delicious.  My entree was the beef tenderloin.  Very good.  My friend went out of the box with the Wild Boar.  I tasted it- first time that I ever had it...it was interesting- but delicious!  I tried 2 of the martinis off the list- both were well mixed.  If you want a nice night out, check out Blue.  There was a soloist playing and it is a nice, intimate date spot.
3	My wife and I came for an appetizer after a show around 9:30 pm. The ambience with the live music is nice. We sat in the bar area and ordered a pepperoni pizza and arrancini as appetizers. Food was decent but service was pretty shoddy. The small plates they gave us with the silverware literally had crumbs from another meal on it. Hadn't been touched. Smh.
3	We went to Blue with several friends for Restaurant Week and ordered a couple bottles of wine and the RW menu.  Everyone at the table ordered the Flatbread as an appetizer which was wonderful and flavorful.  I ordered the calamari which was good, but nothing extraordinary. I preferred the flatbread.  Entree was delicious--- I ordered the short ribs and they were absolutely amazing. Everyone else ordered the bison which in my opinion was somewhat blan and again, ordinary.  The short ribs were phenomenal!!!  Dessert was good- not grand. Overall, a nice experience for RW but probably not a frequent one.  Our server, Fergas, was awesome. He was Irish born with a delightful accent and great wine recommendations.  Five stars for service!!!
5	In a town that I feel really under-delivers when it comes to restaurants (why I will never know, but so many other cities in the South have better restaurants), but Blue is one of a rare collection that has stood the test of time.  I almost feel like it should be renamed to "Blue Chip" because that is how I feel about this place... its like the IBM of CLT restaurants... solid, never disappoints and its stock keeps going up, even if the Facebook (e.g., 5Church) gets all the hype.When a restaurant really performs well, it generally comes down to attention to detail, and this is where I feel Blue really shines.  You need to make sure that the quality ingredients are there every day - no shortcuts, no skimping on costs even when times are tight - you always make sure quality is #1 and you can tell that Blue is all over this.  Then the wine list - you put thought and care in making sure there are selections that go with the menu and wines that people will want to order and Blue has one of the best lists in town.  Finally, service - you've gotta get this one right, and I feel like Blue puts a lot of effort in training an excellent staff.  Not to mention that the owner Alex is almost always on hand to make sure your dining experience is top notch.  That's what it takes to get 5 stars in my book.  Very few in this town, but Blue is among the best.So what to order... the scallop app is possibly the best in the city, the wild boar is delicious, and the desserts are superb!  Can't wait to go back.
5	I surprised my wife with a visit to Blue the other night and as usual we were impressed. We only live a mile or two away and we try to keep Blue in our rotation and get there every few months. I am always impressed with the quality and presentation of the food and beverages. We started with the Pineapple Upside Down Martini, what an amazing cocktail. As an appetizer we each had the Scallops, I could have eaten five orders as they were perfectly cooked and beautifully presented. We also shared a nice selection of cheeses as well and all were absolutely wonderful.For dinner my wife had the scallop, even though we had it as an appetizer she wanted more and the dish did not disappoint. I went with the tenderloin, topped with blue cheese and served atop a sweet pea risotto. What an outstanding dish and it was also perfectly cooked. Our server Juan was awesome, very accommodating, efficient and gave great suggestions. Juan is an extremely nice server. He made us feel like we were the most important people in the restaurant. Great Job BLUE.
4	The fried calamari is tender and delicious. The entrees are large, flavorful portions with plenty of creative touches to satisfy the cautious eater and foodie alike. The sticky toffee pudding is what a Heath bar aspires to be. Our waitress was funny, friendly, attentive and highly knowledgable about the menu. A wonderful date spot!
4	We decided to check out Blue during the Dine Out Charlotte weekend since the menu looked pretty darn appetizing. We dressed for a night out on the town, and despite her dress and my shirt and snazzy dress jeans we still felt slightly under-dressed. Blue has the looks of a fancy smancy place and dishes out food that exceeds expectations.We arrived on a Saturday evening at 6 and were blown away the second we walked in the door. The place simply screams "swanky" with a sharp, classy interior and interesting dining room layout. The host and servers were extremely formal and proper, which only made us feel like we were somewhere we didn't belong. But enough about the ambiance...on to the food!After taking our drink orders (the wine list is like gigantic!) the waitress brought over some complimentary bread and butter. The bread consisted of a cheese focaccia which was warm and cheesy, and there was also a dark cranberry walnut that was equally tasty. The bread is served with a dish of kalamata olive butter which I'm always a fan of. I can't explain it...I hate olives but I love it when they are infused in butter!For an appetizer I ordered the caesar salad with pork belly croutons. The salad is served a la wedge and lightly drizzled with a caesar dressing. Alongside the lettuce was some roasted tomatoes (not a fan of tomaters, but the missus loved them) and carmelized red onion, which went good with the lettuce. But the real kicker was the pork belly croutons. Don't let the name fool you...these are not dried, hard chunks of pork. There was at least six decent sized balls of pork belly on top of the plate. Each one was deep fried to perfection, giving it a hot, crunchy outside yet retaining the juicy, succulent pork belly inside. It was like eating a deep fried ball of the white fatty part of bacon...it was just that damn good. This pork belly is not for everyone, but if you're proud to be a bacon fat kind of person, this little tasting of heaven is something you can't miss.The missus ordered the calamari as her appetizer. The calamari was kind of "meh", and the batter was way too heavy and just wasn't good. The plate also comes with some fried olives and hot peppers which she devoured in a heart beat. I wouldn't recommend the calamari since I've had better quality stuff at lesser restaurants.For dinner I ordered the bison osso buco, and it was nothing short of tastetacular. Six huge hunks of slow-cooked bison meat sat upon a bed of roasted root veggies. The bison was awesome, and I love getting it when it's on a menu. It was also refreshing to see bison as an actual dish and not just a burger. The meat was lean yet still moist from whatever magic the cook worked on it. The bison juices all mingled with the root veggies which consisted of carrots, potatoes and some others. Oh, and I almost forgot the spetzel! There's spetzel mixed in with the veggies and it was crispy yet chewy, and simply perfect. This was one heck of a dish and a great alternative for the steak lover who wants to try something new.The missus got the pan seared scallops, and these things were massive! The sea scallops were cooked to perfection and served with a great seasoning and sauce. The dish came with broccolini and other veggies that were SMOKED (awesome!) and a potatoe puree that was pretty darn good. Now the portions here are huge...you're getting a full meal, not a small fancy tasting. We both ate half our entrees and took the leftovers home for dinner the following night (still tasted awesome reheated!) We weren't fully stuffed yet, but we had to save room for dessert. I ordered the sticky toffee pudding, and if you have a sweet tooth this is the dessert for you. The toffee "pudding" is actually baked so it's more cake-like, and its served upon a sea of melty caramel sauce. There are some hard toffee chips sprinkled about to give some texture, and on top of the pudding is a heaping scoop of dulche de leche gelato that was awesome. The toffee, caramel and dulche flavors were all great on their own, but when combined into one mighty spoonful I achieved dessert nirvana. This is one of the best desserts I've had in the area, and there is no way I would go back here and not order it.The missus had the baklava for dessert and gobbled it all up. There was pistachio and pear stuffed inside this huge Greek pastry, and it was served with a side of marscapone cheese. Bakalava isn't normally my thing but I won't deny the tastiness of this dessert, though it was definitely second to the sheer power of the toffee pudding.Blue is a swanky place, and you will pay for the ambiance through your food, which isn't exactly on the cheap side. We would not want to pay full price for a meal here (simply because it's a bit out of our price range) but it would make for a tempting Restaurant Week visit.
5	i have been to blue about 4 times, i think, and i've never been disappointed. everything i've eaten here has been wonderful. hummus: delicious. red peppers stuffed with goat cheese: to die for. filet a la blue: done gone to heaven. i recently came here with a big party and we had a little room off to the side which was just us after the other tables finished up. every person there was pleased with their meals and almost everyone ordered something different. to start we got a couple of appetizer trays. we had calamari, arancini di riso (risotto balls), maybe some kind of fried ravioli or something else? i'm not sure. we had a lot of food. one person ordered the moroccan chicken, another the salmon, another the duo of wild boar, two of us had filet a la blue, there was another steak and another fish too. everything was perfectly presented. the waiter was friendly but not intrusive. he even hooked us up with a special event dessert platter. pumpkin cheesecake, lava cake, and something else. my only complaint this time around was my "extra dirty" martini was not really dirty at all. but they did me a solid and sent out a cup of olive juice so i could make it as dirty as i pleased. :) can't wait to go back again!
4	Blue is a goodplace to take friends and family from out of town, also great for a romantic date. The decor and interior is swanky, and the staff are super friendly. It's a little pricey, but they have food options that are interesting enough to justify the price. When I was there, I had a dish that consisted of two different cuts of wild boar in a currant and wine sauce. It was incredible. nom nom nom.
5	Wonderful!  The service and food were spot on.  Try the scallops appetizer and save room for dessert.
5	Took quite awhile between my review of the bar and live music part of Blue and the restaurant side but, here I am and boy am I glad.  Went for dinner with my wife and a couple friends from work ahead of a Charlotte Squawks show and every bit of the meal was fabulous.In terms of service, I have to say that I believe this was as professional as I've ever experienced in Charlotte.  From tableside manner to knowledge of the menu, past and present to attentiveness.  Just spot on.  Thank you Scott.Suffice it to say that everyone was very pleased with what they ordered but I'll stick with what I ate.  Started with the seared Hudson Valley foie gras and it was the perfect, fatty, savory bit of heaven with which to start the meal.  For my entree, I got the whole Branzino which was served with some risotto.  The fish was perfectly moist, simply seasoned and filleted tableside by the aforementioned awesome server.My only regret is that I was not able to order my first runner up on the menu, the duo of wild boar and I can only hope that it's still on the menu when we visit next.
5	This might be my new favorite date spot in charlotte. We went on a Wednesday night and as expected, we didn't need reservations. The decor was on point, dimly lit (dark enough to be inviting, and bright enough to read the menu). Our server was very knowledgeable and had wonderful suggestions for wines, appetizers, salads, cheeses and entrees. For the appetizer, try the arrancini (breadcrumb coated risotto balls filled with mozzerella and panccetta and fried) and the scallops are apparently incredible.The cheese selection is in my opinion the best part of the menu, but my beef tenderloin ala blue was the clear winner of the night. I want to go back again just writing this review! My date tried the Pork Milanese with Heirloom Tomatoes, which was very tasty, but very rich. It defintely won points for creativity, but not for eatability (if that makes sense). He ended up not being able to eat most of it, but luckly for him, I was able to share my steak and risotto
2	Went there while visiting Charlotte.  Found the place cold, thermally and ambiance.  Waiter tried, but a bit too chatty and played up the food preparations a little too much.  Not impressed.  Sorry we picked it after reading rave reviews online.  Wouldn't go back.
3	I was rather disappointed with Blue. Excited for my last and final meal of restaurant week in Charlotte I couldn't wait to get in and order. The waiter, who'd name I cannot recall, was a little more persistent than I would've liked about getting me food that was wheat / dairy free. Given my allergies are anything but life threatening, I wanted to enjoy restaurant week as much as I could without worrying about the affects of it later. While on the one hand I can appreciate his encouragement to fix things according to my allergies, on the other hand once I've said my peace about how I felt about it, he needed to let it go. Beyond that annoyance, here's what I thought of the food:For the appetizer, I had the Hummus Plate made with vegetables rather than pita bread. The Hummus... Well I've had better. But the peppers with the goat cheese!!  Delicious!Main course: Pan Roasted Scottish Salmon with a Shrimp and Baby Artichoke Barigoule - with a stew of shrimp, artichokes, carrots, onions and bacon - I was more impressed with the broth the Salmon was cooked in then I was with the dish itself. However, desert was amazing! I had the Strawberry Bavarois and Moroccan Orange Cake - a creamy Bavarian cream with macerated strawberries and rich orange cake and it was to die for.  The cake was moist and delicious and overall the entire thing was full of flavor. I was tempted to order another.
4	***DISCLAIMER: THIS REVIEW IS ABOUT THE BAR AND LIVE MUSIC SIDE OF BLUE***Whenever I am downtown (mainly Friday or Saturday night) I will end my night at Blue Restaurant & Bar and make my way to their bar and live music area. I love coming here mainly because of the live music, the mellow scene/ambiance, and the drinks. Each time I have been the jazz bands that have performed have been awesome! On my first visit, there was a Spanish jazz band which was a first for my ears and my ears greatly appreciated the sound. Every time I have gone there has been a different band and that is a plus for me so I can be exposed to varying sounds and types of music.The mellow and laid back nature of Blue is very calming and soothing after a wild night downtown and gets me in a calming and peaceful mood before ending the night. I love how the restaurant is very intimate and that the lights are dim throughout the bar. Now, I can't sit in the bar area and not have a drink or two or three haha! They have drink specials that definitely should be taken advantage of and even if your favorite drink isn't on special, you should still try them out. The bartenders are great and every drink I've had has been tasty and made perfectly! Regarding their food, I have only had their pizza and French fries, so can't really speak on that aspect of the restaurant. I WILL BE BACK TO TRY THE FOOD AND RESTAURANT PIECE OF BLUE , but in the meantime before I write that review, go check out the bar and live music!
4	I came here for dinner when we were out of town for my girlfriends bachelorette party and it was delicious. We had several bottles of wine and champagne and each tried to order something different on the menu for everyone to try. I ordered filet with risotto which was heavenly. I also was able to try the duck which was equally delicious. I will say we were all wearing dresses preparing to go out for the night but I did feel a bit out of place, this place is very 'swanky'.
2	I didnt see anything spectacular about this place.   All I kept hearing about this place is the food, ambiance, and how its rank among the best in the country.   I'm more interested in the quality of the food than with all the glossy adjectives when describing the menu and service.  The bottom line is that I felt I donated $100 just to say "I been there" for food that was average.
3	Was the only place open late close to our hotel...the waitress was slow but it seemed she was the waitress, bar tender and maybe bus person...got the lamb app was too greasy for me..
4	This is almost a five star review ... I am really on the fence. A large group of us went out to celebrate a friend's birthday. We all ordered drinks at the bar and waited for all of our friends to arrive. After having a cocktail, we were quickly seated and met by a very nice waitress who not only eloquently described the specials but also made some excellent suggestions for first time visitors. Because there were so many of us, we were able to order quite an assortment of food - salads, apps, and shared entrees. Everything was delicious. Blue even has a gluten-free menu - one of the reasons I love this restaurant so much is that their gluten-free menu is almost identical to their regular menu because they have such a focus on making amazing ingredients simply delicious without a lot of extras added in... I was impressed by everything and I will definitely be back to enjoy dinner here again.
2	I usually do not take the time to review restaurants, and actually this is my first review ever. However, my experience at this restaurant was so bad, I had to share it.  First off, I work at a restaurant and have for 4 years, so I try not to be too hard on other restaurants when I dine out because I know the struggle.  My mother and I chose to try this restaurant before attending a concert at the arena, which is very close by.  We had never eaten here but knew it was upscale and were looking forward to enjoying good food and even better service.  We had a reservation, but it still took a while for us to get seated.  No big deal, because we did not have to wait long.  Once we got seated, it took our waiter a long time(about 10 min) to start us out with drinks.  They were fairly busy, but I noticed our waiter only had 2 other tables, who were already done with their meal.  Once he brought our waters out, we could not get him to our table again, even after attempting to wave him down.  It seemed like he was avoiding eye contact with us.  Once we finally did get him back to our table, it seemed like he was rushing us to order, and was actually quite rude about it .  As we were ordering our cocktails and appetizers, he then pressured us to order our main course, although we had not decided what we wanted yet.  When we expressed that we wanted to wait to order, he seemed to give us attitude, and stated that the kitchen was chaotic and "up in flames" and if we didn't order at this time, we wouldn't make it in time for our concert. However, we were dining at a time that was gave us plenty of time to make our concert, and we were trying to enjoy our drinks and appetizers before ordering our main courses, and did not appreciate being rushed.  When he brought our appetizers out, he rushed off before asking us if we would like another cocktail (both our glasses were empty at this point.) This whole time, I'm noticing he is giving his other two tables adequate attention and engaging in conversation with them, which led me to wonder why we were not receiving the same amount of attention.  When he finally came to our table again, we ordered more cocktails, and were again urged to place our order even though we weren't quite ready.  But seeing as we did not know when we would see our waiter again, we did go ahead and order our entrees.  My mom is on a gluten-free diet, and on the menu, the items that can be made gluten-free are clearly marked with a star.  She ordered the swordfish and mentioned that she was on this diet and to be sure it was made gluten-free.  Upon her expressing this request, our waiter said that the next time we need to request a gluten-free menu to make it easier on him next time.  Well there will be no next time, and we did not make our order complicated at all, she just mentioned that her meal needed to be made gluten-free, as the swordfish is an option on the menu that can be made this way.  Overall, we spent a lot of money at this restaurant, and for the amount of money we spent, I would have expected to get the best service I've ever experienced, instead of the worst.  Not only was it bad service, our waiter had a outright attitude, and was extremely rude.  I will never waste my money coming to this restaurant again, even though the food was very well-prepared and good.  Service is an essential part of dining out, and this restaurant is seriously lacking in that.  Along with the food being pretty good (and I will add it came out in less than 30 minutes, even though our waiter expressed differently), the valet was very helpful, and it is complimentary.  That was nice since we left our car there during the concert, and it is located very close to the arena.  For that service, as well as the food, I gave this restaurant 2 stars, even though based on service, it deserves none.
4	My wife and I planned to eat here for our anniversary. We were very excited to check out this restaurant that neither or us had tried, but had both heard about. When we entered we loved the atmosphere of the restaurant. We sat in a booth on the upper level. It felt quite intimate and romantic on our special night. We were greeted by our waiter who was quite energetic and very knowledgable about their menu. My wife ordered a malbac to drink and i ordered the Three Philosophers beer that they had on the menu (at $15 for the bottle of the beer this is actually a great deal at a restaurant). Our drinks were fantastic.FOr starters we ordered the Arrancini. Although this is pretty much just fried cheese balls we both thought that they were very well executed. They were not overly greasy and had a great taste. For out main course my wife ordered the Beef Tenderloin, medium rare, and I ordered the Grilled Rack of Australian Lamb, rare. They both tasted exquisite with amazing flavor.This would be a 5 star review except we both felt like Blue was overly pricey for what the food was. Although both dishes were amazing as was the appetizer, we both though we could eat similar dishes for a better price at other restaurants.
3	Great food, however, the reason I give it 3 stars is service. The bar, with 3 people working and no crowd, just seemed swamped. 15 min for our first drink/acknowledgement from bar. Not a friendly welcome with the hostess stand at all, too busy chatting it up about their social affairs from the night before. Again, amazing food, service.... Meh... Not so much.
5	We went to Blue last night - haven't been in years. I had the BEST grouper I have ever had in 46 years. The fish was cooked perfectly. It was in a picatta sauce with caper berries. The fish was placed upon two Italian crepes filled with ricotta cheese and spinach. The dish was amazing!! Our waitress was Carrie and she recommended a full-bodied Pinot that was lovely.Julie Shaw
4	I was given a gift card for my birthday from my boss to this restaurant... he said it was his favorite, and I (at that time) had never heard of it...  I held on to this gift card for nearly a YEAR... Last Saturday night, my husband and I FINALLY made a reservation and tried it out...We started with the calamari, and both ordered the wild boar duo.  The food was absolutely fresh and deliciously prepared!  Our waitstaff was beyond phenomenal, and the service was exactly what you'd expect at such an establishment.  We loved that a jazz band with a singer started up while we were finishing our meal!  We were WAY too stuffed for dessert.The ONLY reason that I give 4 stars instead of 5?  Pricing.  The prices on this menu were out of control.  Yes, I understand the location and type of establishment, but I would not have come here and paid $35/plate for the wild boar.  It was good... but not THAT good.  And the Cigar Box Malbec?  A PERFECT wine... SO delicious... HOWEVER, I can buy a bottle at Harris Teeter for the price of a moderately poured glass at Blue.  We MIGHT be back for a VERY special occasion, but we wouldn't make a habit of it.PS - there were a couple of tables in the restaurant with large families... WHILE I understand that people have the right to bring their children out in public, this was a very nice establishment, and the table next to us was letting their 2 or 3 year old (who was fussy because of the late hour) run around the restaurant to "blow off steam" while we were eating... come on, people... employ a TAD of common sense and courtesy, please!
3	We went to Blue for restaurant week and expected great things. We love downtown and this is one of the only restaurants we haven't visited. First I want to say that customer service was fantastic. We had a great waiter who took his time and never rushed us. He gave us wonderful ideas and we would visit again for this alone. However; we were disappointed in the meal itself. For the price you pay we were expecting some bold flavors. I got the chicken expecting it to be seasoned wonderfully. I didn't finish my meal because it was bland. Presentation was beautiful, but I'm not sure I would spend the money we did for the lack of seasoning we got.
4	A friend of mine from my hometown in Michigan found out I moved to Charlotte for a bit and told me I must check out Blue- so after a month and a half here, I finally did. We made an Open Table reservation thanks to Yelp (recognizing my boyfriend under his first-name-last-name-initial Yelp alias when we arrived at the host stand) and discussed where they would seat us amongst themselves for what seemed to be a solid 5 minutes. The host finally walked us to a table, realized the table wasn't available, and walked us across the very large restaurant to a little two-top nook. Not a bad table, but it always makes me laugh when hosts/hostesses are confused about where to take the table. I mean, I know how it is from my college days as a hostess in fine dining, having servers whine about not having equal tables and blah blah.So we're seated and we look over the menus. It's supposedly Mediterranean but there are dishes from all over the world, with the origin of the dish and suggested wine pairing accompanying the description. We were torn between the crab/lobster cakes and the hummus, but opted for the cakes because LOBSTER. Always go for lobster. We ordered our main courses (venison for him, scallops/pork medallions/pasta for me) off of the "seasonal" menu section... shortly after, our appetizer arrived. Absolutely delicious cakes, however there were two and very small. I suppose for something so rich you only need a bite. My pasta dish was good and not cream-based- it mostly got its flavor from  the scallops and pork. Very good, a lot of pasta which I didn't finish. We always share bits of our meals whenever we go out, though this time I didn't try the venison- maybe it's the "I grew up in Michigan and I protest against deer hunters" thing, maybe it's because venison is just too gamey. He liked it though.That said, we go out several times a week and haven't been totally blown away with any Charlotte dinners until this weekend- 2/2 nights out this weekend were solid- and I'm glad my friend recommended Blue to us. For the food, we'll definitely be back.
4	At the LAST min on a Saturday night 6 of us needed a table for dining downtown. Through Open table we were able to get a reservation in 15 min to blue. The table all started off with a beverage my husband and I shared a bottle of meiomi pinot noir which was so good ( one of our friends suggested it). We also had crab cakes, scallops, and a cheese plate for appetizers- all great! I had the wild boar for dinner it was also served with the pork short ribs, I would have preferred if I could have just gotten more of the wild boar, a very tender meat that resembles more of a beef than pork. For dessert we had creme brule, which pretty much no one can mess that up and also a blueberry port that was outstanding! We went well over our budget and be aware that a party of 6 is already charged gratuity. You can eat here for around $35 per person if you want to but you can quickly start adding things up with drinks and other add ons. The wait staff was very helpful and the live music was good when they were playing, it seems the band that night decided they would play 2 songs then go on a 15 min break. Overall a good place to check out.
5	Delicious dinner of scallops and trout. The appetizer of calamari was fabulous and the service at the bar with Tommi as our server was perfect. Awaiting music.
2	Came here about 4:30pm looking for a happy hour and some appetizers at the bar. There were people at the bar so of course we sat down at the bar.   Someone could have told us when we first walked in they were not serving food yet.  So we left and then came back because of all the great reviews.  Sat at the bar again and shared some appetizers.  All 3 over prices and all 3 just okay.   Living close to MD i guess it as a mistake on my part to think the crab cake would be anything medicore but saw it was crab and lobster so we gave it shot.   And still disappointed.  This is what we had-Provence style lobster and crab cakes finished with basil oil and a citrus beurre blanc. Provence style lobster and crab cakes finished with basil oil and a citrus beurre blanc. and their were 2 the size of quarters.   Pop and they were down the hatch!   And they were 13.00!  1 star.Next Arrancini-Risotto balls stuffed with pancetta, onions and motz with tomato sauce.  These were bigger and their were 3.   These get 2 stars.  Then last we had the jumbo diver scallops.  Again-2 for 12.95.  And they were just okay.  2 stars.   Lemondrop martini was great!  And serivce was a little slow for an empty bar.   something tells me there is better seafood out there in Charlotte.
3	My first time here was for the Queen's Feast a few weeks back. We try to go somewhere new every time this event rolls around to see if we find any little unexpected gems. Food was pretty good, service was absolutely disappointing, & prices matched the quality of food for the most part. Nothing earth shattering here but it is certainly a decent place to eat on the high end.We started with the Arrancini and the Hummus & Dolmada. Both of which were excellent. The Arrancini was really excellent. Could sit around and get fat on that one. Mmmm. Next we ordered Trout a la Navarra and Chicken Tagine. The menu description of the Chicken Tagine says "a fiery harrisa sauce". Yes. It. Is. My husband likes things that set my face on fire and he mentioned it was nearly too fiery for him! This dish, IMO, is over priced by about 5-7 dollars. Other than the price though, he had no complaint (it was Queen's Feast so everything was a flat rate from the offering menu so no bigs). The Trout a la Navarra was very well prepared. The trout cooked, skin on, perfectly. This is a plate I would absolutely order again. There wasn't a trace of it left on my plate when I was done. We finished off the meal with Sticky Toffee Pudding and Amaretto Cheesecake. The sticky toffee pudding was absolutely delicious. Nectar of the sugar addicted gods. I can't speak toward the cheesecake because, well, yuck. But the hubs said it was pretty good. He's the cheesecake man, not I.The service? Was seriously lacking and well below par for a place of this sort. Yes, it was very busy. Since when did that become and excuse for poor service IN a service based industry?? Our waitress was inattentive, slow, and we clearly had just half of her already fractured attention. Also.......a personality to be rivaled only by moldy driftwood. I get that it was Queen's Feast and there are alot of "po folk" out living the good life for half the price so tips are going to be lacking. However, I tip extremely generously when you have earned it, regardless. Do your job, do it well or go home. All in all, would eat there again for a special occasion. Some of the dishes are a bit over priced, the food was good, the place itself had a nice vibe, but service left alot to be desired.
5	The best service ever!!! Warm inviting atmosphere... The music was great and the lobster crab cakes were spectacular!!! A great place to have dinner.  Definitely will be back again!
3	I'm not terribly impressed with Blue. Here's why:Service is generally good, so you can count on getting what you need when you want it. It might not always be delivered with a smile, but it will get done promptly.Ambiance is pretty good. Manages to achieve a flashy, modern-ish look while still remaining understated.It's in the food and drink where this place falls short. Neither of these is really anything special; Blue strikes me as "just another pricey eclectic American restaurant." And that's a problem, especially here in Charlotte. Having places like Blue slinging par-for-the-course means that the restaurant scene here in town can't be innovative. I don't mean to be so hard on Blue... but it is a cornerstone of Uptown restaurants, so I think it should shoulder a larger share of the responsibility.Looking through the menu, it's the same-old, same-old: calamari with olives and sundried tomatoes, scallops wrapped in prosciutto, steaks and seafood, blah blah blah. For dessert, molten chocolate cake. Well, no shit, Charlie. Hey, Blue, the 90's called; they want their fucking dessert back. Also, last I checked you could get the same dessert at any number of sub-par chain restaurants. Sure, Blue does it better, but it's simply not inspiring.I do applaud Blue for having a seasonal menu, on which there is a Venison Loin and American Red Snapper. They also list gluten free options, which shows that someone is paying attention to both current trends and dietary needs. Nevertheless, the menu as a whole is tired and generally boring. Drinks were okay, with the wine list being the highlight. The by-the-glass selection was both high quality and comprehensive. Mixed drinks looked promising, but unfortunately did not live up to the quality that the descriptions seemed to indicate. I ordered a Fig Sidecar, which was very poorly mixed, while a friend was not impressed with the New Fashioned.Sometimes, it's cool to have a place that serves classic drinks and entrees, but I don't think Blue fits that bill. I strongly believe that it can greatly improve the Uptown restaurant scene if it pushes the envelope in its food and drink selection.
1	I am sorry to be writing this review.  My first visit to Blue a few years ago was fabulous.  The service was very good!  But, this time not only was the food not impressive, but it was totally boring! The calamari appetizer was good, but not worth $11.00.  The hummus appetizer was 2 golf ball sized clumps with almost no flavor.  Not even arranged to be appealing to the eye.  My tenderloin was nothing to write home about and the risotto was a mushy, tasteless ,  glob with Carmelized onions on it that looked reheated...also not  flavorful.  The baked in house bread were blah, and butter was not offered.  It could have used it to help the taste.  Dessert was the same...an amaretto cheesecake that tasted like it was left in the oven way too long....dry.   I love good food.  But, this evening was an utter disappointment.  It was a birthday celebration, and I did not want to spoil it with complaints about the food.  I also think my guest did not want me to feel bad for bringing them to this place I raved about prior to going. Service was great, but the server talked me out of a couple of things I considered getting.  Made me think whomever was doing the cooking that night...A Saturday was not good at certain things.  Extremely overpriced.  Btw...coffee was $6.50.  C'mon now!  Good but not that much!  Sorry, but I will not go back.  I was sooo looking forward to this special evening,  and it was an utter disappointment.
4	We had to rush in and rush out. So we got what we wanted. Great service, great menu, and accommodating. Having only been here once so far, we'll go again.
4	Elegant downtown, or is it uptown, restaurant that let us in without reservations on a Thursday night. The expensive food was good with an even distribution between fish and meat to choose from. We started with a combination of diver scallops and calamari that they quickly put together for us. Two of us had the grouper served on crepes stuffed with crab meat. A little fussy for my tastes but the fish was done just right. The filets that the other two folks at the table had looked good as well. The setting was lovely and the jazz combo that was playing in the bar set just the right tone. I'll have to say that our waiter was one of the best I have ever encountered. No bullshit just a cordial, professional greeting, good advice on the menu and our meal served unobtrusively. Expensive but for a special occasion or on an expense account it's a good choice in Charlotte.
2	Mother's Dy Brunch- 3 adults and 1 child - 180.00 - only drinks were 2 waters and 2 teas-  gratuity was included in bill - so service was barely passable.  Food was okay - but not worth the price charged.  However - the crepes were awesome - the saving grace.  The entertainment was good and the atmosphere fine.  Probably would NOT go back.  Don't see a good value.  Do not recommend.
4	My wife and I always enjoy our meals at Blue. We had one of her birthday dinners, a new year's eve dinner, some get-together with colleagues, and it was a good experience every time. The food is great and so is the service.
2	Came here with the boyfriend and his parents who had a gift certificate for dinner on a Saturday night. There was a high school jazz band raising money for a cancer patient, which included a silent auction. We spoke with the student who had organized the event (a cancer survivor) and were immediately touched by his words and the effort he put into a wonderful event. It makes me extremely happy knowing Blue welcomed the group to put this on. The ambience is upscale, sophisticated and cosmopolitan. Dress is formal. It was a very busy night given the jazz fundraiser but luckily we were seated further away from the band.We ordered a bottle of wine from the menu, the waiter admitted he didn't know anything about it and sounded confused when we ordered it. A few minutes later we were told that they didn't have it in stock (so why was it on the menu?). He came back out with a different wine that he was offering for a discount and we obliged.To be honest with you nothing really jumped off the menu to me. Usually I find myself toying between a few options but there was nothing that really excited me. I settled for the beef tenderloin and fried calamari appetizer.The bread (and butter!) was delicious! There were two kinds and I can't remember was in either but they were tremendous. The calamari was so so. The sauce tasted like a ranch aioli out of the jar and was not the lemon-harissa sauce as advertised on the website. Portion was also very small for the price.The entrees came out and both myself and another that ordered the beef tenderloin had to send it back. I ordered medium-rare and it was purple, barely cooked in the middle. The best part of the meal was the creamy gorgonzola dolce on top of the cut. The pea risotto that it was served on was unexciting.On top of this all one of the raffle items was a bundle of wine valued for about the same as the one bottle that we were presented in place of our original request. A very unprofessional oversight for such a "sophisticated" place.I left wishing that I had ordered the grouper special which received rave reviews from others at the table and I would not come back here without a gift certificate...what a coincidence we left that night with a winning auction for gift certificate to Blue. I guess I'll be returning after all. Simply put, it is overpriced and not worth your money.
2	Went for a girls night for restaurant week. I was feeling crazy so let the waiter pick my meal from the options. He was blah.. All the staff seemed overworked and very tired. The jazz band was the only thing buzzing. He picked the risotto balls they were okay, kinda bland. Then he picked the hanger steak since most everyone at the table got the swordfish. It was cooked rare in he middle which I normally love. I love a good steak. This was not a good steak. Very tough and minimal flavor. Veg casserole was good. The dessert was okay. Had the lemon and blueberry thing. The cookie was TERRIBLE! Like a unflavored overlooked piece of cornbread. What were they thinking. Even our weighted laughed and said yeah it's more for decoration than taste. It was gross.  Don't think I will be back. Disappointed in my queens feast choice. Wish I could go back and choose again. I'm a foodie and disappointed.
2	We decided on Blue Restaurant for Charlotte Restaurant week as I had heard from several friends and colleagues how excellent the food was.  I have to say, the best part was the complimentary valet parking!  We arrived on a Saturday night at 7pm, thinking the restaurant would be packed, only to find it about a quarter full.  Did we go to the right place?  From what I had heard, I expected there to be a line out the door like there was both times we went to Chima for past Restaurant Weeks.  It's a nice looking place, very open yet cozy, and it has a great bar area.  The server, John, was great and took good care of us, so no complaints there.  It was the food that was lackluster, and for the money, I wish we had gone elsewhere.  The bread was fresh and a good start (2 kinds, and a spread with olives as well as an oil and balsamic vinaigrette to wet it down). The Fattouch salads were good, though I question the use of iceberg lettuce for presentation as it looked like a low end salad with some red peppers, olives and a nasty tomato thrown in.  My partner had a Flat Iron Steak which he ordered medium well and got medium rare.  The first few bites were good, but it toughened as it cooled, and he had some difficulty cutting it as well as the asian broccoli (which he gave up on).  Being a vegan, I wasn't sure I would find anything to eat, but i did see a Mushroom Bolognese pasta dish that I ended up ordering.  It had a great taste, but the homemade pasta was a bit al dente and stuck together.  More like the wide rice noodles in some asian dishes.  Still, I enjoyed mine.  No vegan desert option for me (fresh fruit option, please?), but my partner ordered the chocolate cake and said it was good but very rich.  It all seemed to disappear, though, so that says something!  Overall, a decent dining experience, if we were spending maybe $40-50 max, tip included.  $30 each plus 2 iced teas ($6.98) and tip came to just under $90.  At least I felt like I got my one's worth with the valet at $5 for a tip, it saved me $1 off parking myself and then walking a block!  Still, I'm not sure we will be back anytime soon.  With all the great dining our city has, I think there are better choices for the money...Ilios Noche comes to mind for great atmosphere, service and menu selection at about $20-25 less, and then we could still catch a movie!
3	They're trying so hard for swank. They really are. But they're failing. And it leaves me feeling blue. The bar is understaffed, they don't have a great selection, the decor is predictable (although they do have a nice set of high tables) and the lighting is a bit weird. It is a good place to have a good conversation though - just be warned, it might leave you feeling blue too.
2	I wish I'd read the recent reviews before venturing here on a Saturday evening. I should've known something was up when we were one of only four parties in the restaurant on a Saturday evening at 7:00 p.m.After being seated, it took our waiter forever to come to our table. The fella and I both had a really hard time understanding him because of his heavy accent, so that clouded some of our evening. He was nice enough when he was at the table, but it took him FOREVER to ask us for our drink order, bring us our drinks, ask us for our food order, etc. He also addressed us as "lady" and "gentleman," which was odd.The food was fine. I got the pork, and the fella got the halibut. Fine. The end.We went to the bar after dinner to have a drink, and the bartender disappeared into the back just as we sat down. We waited 5-10 minutes for her to come back, and when she didn't, we walked over to BLT Steak where we got much better bar service.When I think about the other "fine dining" restaurants in Charlotte, Blue really doesn't hold a candle to their service or atmosphere. What a bummer to spend that much money and be that underwhelmed.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing! We had our rehearsal dinner here and everything was perfect beyond words. Ashley did and incredible job making us feel so welcome and special. The cocktail and dinner menus were customized with our photos. The food was delicious and the wines with paired with dinner were just right. I have the   mushroom bolognese, my husband has the salmon. Every single person loved the apps, their salads, entrees, and their desserts. It was such a pleasant experience with fantastic service. I could not have asked for a more perfect rehearsal dinner!
2	Reservation for 2 on a Saturday made with ease.  Maybe a warning sign. Valet parking was easy, as there was a basketball game, so Charlotte was busy.  The jazz ensemble was playing when we walked in.  Pretty cool - so far.  It took me a while, but I realized after a while that the inside of this place reminds me of a restaurant you would find inside of a Radisson in a medium sized city.  A restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner - and mostly from a buffet (not that there's a buffet, here) - I'm speaking about the (lack of) atmosphere.  It was also very loud.  I couldn't really hear the jazz band, just a large amount of noise.  Oh, yeah, the food.  I ordered the Antipasti, and my wife ordered the Pumpkin She Crab Soup.  Those were both pretty good.  My wife ordered a glass of wine, and the pour was pretty minimal.  Look - we get it, we're not going to make the restaurants night on liquor.  I didn't order alcohol, and my wife only ordered a glass - but it was below the 1/4 full mark.  Pretty lame.  For the main course, I had the lamb, which is a specialty, and my wife ordered the chicken stuffed with mushrooms and mascarpone.  We would never normally order chicken at a restaurant, but glad we did.  It saved the meal.  It was really good.  The lamb, however, was a stew, with veggies and such in a large pot.  It is as advertised.  It lacked a lot in the flavor department.  One word of warning.  If you get the sea bass, it is filleted table side.  The couple (right) next to us ordered it, and it smelled, and looked kind of gross.  It kind of set me off for the rest of the meal.  Desserts were good.  I ordered the brownie topped with raspberry semifreddo, and she ordered the salted carmel pudding.  Both were OK - but not awesome.  We also had to wait for coffee.  The service was ok, but not great.  Our waters weren't refilled but once.  I waffle between 2 stars and 3.  I think the best way to describe it is, we wouldn't go back unless some good friends really wanted to go there.
5	The Wild Boar entree was a winner.Service was great and waiter was very attentive.
3	Came here for my friend Melanie's 50th birthday, so it was a real celebration! Whenever there is seared Fois Gras on the menu, I get it. Tonite was no exception and it came out perfectly. 5 stars on the Fois Gras!When I was awaiting my friends at the bar, the Bartender suggested the Lamb Tagine, and he said it "fell off the bone" ala Osso Bucco style. So I got it. The first thing I noticed were the incredible aromas. This smelled sublime!The dish was obviously a big lamb shank in the middle, with lots of veggies and starches (aka potatoes) surrounding the meat. What was somewhat disappointing was that the meat was NOT as "fall off the bone" tender as was described to me. It was good no doubt, but not as tender as prescribed. In fact some of it was so chewy that I couldn't eat it all. So I'd say this dish was a "miss" in many phases of the game.The service was good, but they did add some things to my check that I didn't order. Thankfully our table's waiter didn't fuss at us and immediately took off the charge when we protested. Now THAT's a great waiter!At the end of the evening, I got it all straightened out. This was a FAR cry from when I first visted here 3 years ago when I go their amazing Wild Boar. Look this still really good food....just didn't fully live up to its potential.I'll come back for the tie-breaking Yelp Rating's match in the near future!
