3	When the US Airways rep informed us our flight was delayed by 4 hours and that they were going to put us up overnight in our connecting city (Charlotte), I immediately began hallucinating about bed bugs and gross showers.  Imagine my surprise when we were put up at this Econo Lodge, and it ended up being a pretty nice place.We got there at about 1 AM, and a line of all the people on our flight quickly grew behind us.  Check in took FOREVER, and the outdoor entrances to the room are sketchy (no indoor hallway).  However, while the room was teeny tiny, it was immaculate, and the bed was outstandingly comfortable.  Granted, we had just been sitting in an airport for 7 hours and then a plane for 4 hours, so I probably could have fallen asleep on a bed of bricks, but I slept great.  For 3 hours, anyway, till we had to get up.I don't expect to be in Charlotte again (delayed flights notwithstanding), but if you have business or pleasure in Charlotte that will keep you out of the tiny room most of the day and would like to be near the airport, I would recommend this place with no hesitation.  Free continental breakfast, free shuttle to and from the airport, and free in-room internet.  There's also a business center in the lobby with 2 computers for guest use with internet access.
4	Great price for an overnight stay.  Clean room, friendly shuttle service from airport.  Great breakfast the next morning included in the price. They offered the usual, pastries, cereal, etc but also had waffles.  Nice staff and room was what you would expect with a budget hotel.
4	Great Hotel, Nice simple place with ease of access to highway, restaurants and clean. Friendly staff. Even though there were many choices at this price point and location I feel that my choice of Econo Lodge was a good one here in Charlotte.Look forward to my next stay in early 2013. Keep up the good work.
3	Really nice people working here from the shuttle bus to the lobby and breakfast service.  The rates are fantastic and they're close to the airport.
3	Have stayed at this hotel numerous times. This is your basic overnight hotel with all the amenities. Price is right. There are many hotels around this neighborhood for the airport is close by. The reason I picked this hotel is that they have a free shuttle from the airport directly to the hotel. Friendly staff and they will assist you. On one stay the car rental battery passed out on us and one of the staff members gave us a boost.Nice breakfast area. Fresh bagels, yogurt, and make your own waffle. All the coffee you can drink.Rooms are basically clean with fridge and a coffee maker. On another stay there was a plumbing issues and staff brought a plunger and had to use it myself. Luckily it worked out.
2	Nice room though outside seemed dank and dirty. Pool was out and front desk was not inviting. Overall just ok for the price.
1	I placed a reservation through the website Priceline for a stay at your hotel. My reservation was 8/14-17,2014. Upon my arrival 8/15/14, from a long drive from New Jersey, I walked in to your hotel to check in at approximately 7:30-8:30a. At the front desk was Dee. When I walked up to the desk to check in, with reservation information in hand, I was refused the courtesy of check-in. Unceremoniously I was cut off and asked if I was checking in early. I again told Dee that I had a reservation. I was then told that the hotel was booked throughout the weekend. I was also told that I would have to return after 3pm to check-in. Dee never once checked my information. Never once let me know that my room was ready the evening prior. She brushed me off to just go along until after 3pm today. Once I returned, Danielle, let me that my room was available the evening prior. Can you imagine my anger? I am extremely upset, and plan on sending not only this email, but also a formal letter to the Queen City Management Group and then further on to the Econo Lodge franchisee organization. I don't want anyone else to have to deal with that type of behavior again.
