5	I found Faith through a Groupon for a deep condition and haircut. My ends were looking pretty bad, and my hair was feeling very dry. The condition left my hair feeling so soft and Faith did a great job cutting my hair and giving it back some shape. We chatted about all the different ways to keep my hair healthy and strong. She was very knowledgeable and dispelled some myths for me too. Her prices are great and I will be returning soon!
5	I purchased a deal through Groupon for a full highlight, haircut and deep conditioning treatment. Faith did a great job on my highlights! I am really happy with the way they turned out.The Beauty Venue is in a great location, great pricing and Faith has flexible hours. I'll definitely be going back for another highlight.
5	I bought i groupon and I'm soo glad i did i love faith and i will never go to anyone else she did an amazing job in my hair cut and color.
5	I recently moved here and needed to find someone to replace "my girl" from New Mexico.  I rolled the dice with The Beauty Venue because she offered a great deal on groupon.  I will definitely return! Great job with highlights and new style.
5	I found Faith through an Instagram post a friend had shared and decided to take the risk and let someone new do my extensions  (bad experience at another salon)Seeing what a fabulous job she did on the pictures reassured me she would do a good job but I was blown away at how PERFECT they turned out!! She definitely knows her stuff when it comes to extensions and her prices are unbeatable! She took her time to make sure I was happy with the way they looked and the fullness and that they were not uncomfortable.  The color match was spot on ( I have  blonde hair with tons of different low light and my hair was just barely past my shoulders) I could not say enough great things about my expiernce! Faith is wonderful at what she does! I would definitely reccomend her services to anyone!
5	Just like all the previous reviews, I found Faith from a Groupon.  Since I am on a super tight budget and had 1 work trip and my first real vacation coming up, I had to get my highlights touched up since they were rediculous.  I really enjoyed the private salon suite atmosphere that Faith had.  I had managed upscale salons for years and was a little worried about not being in a big fancy salon but I learned my lesson.  It was a very refreshing atmosphere since it was quite, no other people talking or chit chatting or other blowdryers being heard.  It was just Faith and I so she put all of her attention on me 100% of the time!  She didn't disappear when I was processing and didn't make me feel rushed at all.  Now the actual hair color... let me say that my roots were rediculous.  I was really preparing to not have the color blend too well since the roots were so outgrown.  I was also worried she would have to make me too blonde to make it match.  She not only matched my color perfectly, she also didn't make it too blonde.  I'm not joking when I say it was the BEST color job I have ever gotten!  I spent over $300 on my last highlights/haircut/conditioning treatment and although I liked it, I like Faith's color way better!It was also really cool that Faith followed up with me the week after to make sure I was happy.  Such a cool bonus!  I will be back to Faith without a doubt and I am referring everyone I know to her.  Thanks Faith, you rock!!
5	What can I say, I also found Faith (the beauty venue) through groupon.  I never expected to find my "new stylist" through a deal website but WOW! I was a strict Toni & Guy client for years and I can say hand on heart that faiths expertise, honesty and politeness, along with the smile which is ALWAYS on her face makes this one of the best places I have ever set foot into.  If you are looking for someone who listens, understands what you want and gets GREAT results.... Then try The Beauty Venue out!  I now have beautiful hair extensions (one of Faiths many fortes) and I love them!
5	I just moved here and had always gone to the same person for years, I'm afraid of changing stylists so I put off my hair for as long as I could until I needed to get it done and had no choice. I first called Faith based on her location, and her ratings and reviews that she received. I was hesitant as I figured the prices would probably be expensive and would take forever to get in. But I called and she answered right away, and got me right in while working around my schedule, there was no issue. Not only was the price very reasonable, but Faith was very nice, had lots of great advice and reassured me several times I was in good hands. Though still a bit hesitant the end result was wonderful, I love my hair and the tips she gave me were very useful. I would definitely recommend her she knows what she is doing, has great prices and I will definitely be going back
5	Faith did my hair last night and I LOOOOOVE it! She is super nice and did exactly what I wanted. She took the time with me and really knows that she is doing. She is extremely knowledgeable and keeps up with the latest trends. She took the time to teach me different style techniques and things to do with my hair. I felt very comfortable with her and I have HUGE issues with trusting hair stylist because of incidents in the past. I will most definitely be returning! Thank you, Faith!!!
5	I am SO happy with my hair after Faith did it last week. I had a partial foil done and she did a great job. I've had a terrible time finding stylists who consistently do what I want and do NOT mess it up. For some reason, that's been impossible to find here in AZ. But Faith was awesome. She also shared some great tips for hair care. And I love the shampoo, conditioner and heat protectant spray that I bought from her. I don't usually buy products from stylists b/c I feel like they're just pushing whatever the salon tells them to sell. But Faith seemed so knowledgable and she didn't try to hard-sell me on the stuff, so I tried it. They all work great. I'm very happy with my experience. I will definitely go back and I've already recommended her to friends.
5	Faith does amazing work!  When I came to Faith my hair was in need to help.....She has recommended products to strengthen my hair and in 3 months there is a noticeable difference!  Yesterday I had hair extensions put in, they look amazing!  I guarantee you won't be disappointed with her work!
