4	Very nice place. We were here for the better part of a week. Rosemary at the front desk was super accommodating, just a peach. The rooms were very nice. the only trouble we had was the pocket door in the bathroom. The lock mechanism was broken and fixed twice while we were staying there. After that, we gave up when it came off track. A Minor annoyance, but an annoyance none the less. The breakfast that come with the room was excellent. The room was a bit tight as everyone shows up at 7:00, but so be it, there's plenty of seating in the lobby, veranda and around the pool. The pool was great, as was the jacuzzi. Our kids played for hours and had a ball. The Windmill is located near a zillion restaurants, all of which are kid friendly. This area is 99% retired folks, so kids are not only welcome, but so many of the older folks are happy to see them. For good restaurants you really need to head east, to Glendale at least. While we were there, the Texas Rangers MLB team uses the hotel as a base for Spring Training. Kinda neat and adds a little excitement to the place. My kids loved talking to them, with exception of the Spanish speaking dominican/central and s. american players who couldn't be bothered to move a muscle from lazing on the lobby couches like they owned the place. For a family, the Windmill Inn is an excellent choice and we will stay there whenever we can.
5	We needed a place near Sun City West and this is across from the main entrance on RH Johnson Blvd. Nice room (210), really a suite, not just a pretend suite like in some "suite" properties, and larger than we had expected, very quiet. Nice free optional room service breakfast, though it's only muffins, juice, and coffee/tea. Very nice price, too, and the desk people were extremely helpful and fun. Highly recommended.
5	AWESOME! Excellent in every way.We are resident managers for a loa local cal RV storage facility and about a month ago our A/C broke. Well, June in Arizona is not a place you want to exist in without A/C for even a little while. We needed a place close to us that would accomodate us as well as our 3 dogs until it could be fixed. We called a couple of places that were "dog friendly" but most had outrageous deposits and weight restrictions. Grrr!!! We called Windmill and not only did they not require a deposit for the pooches but they didn't care that they were also quite big. Best of all they were reasonably priced.This story got even better when we arrived. The front desk staff was super friendly and helpful. The rooms were great. They are actual suites as the bedroom is a separate room that can be closed off. The beds were SUPER comfy! King sized beds with white down comforters and it came complete wiht extra down pillows right from the get go! To boot the bed was clean, you hear horror stories. They have room service for breakfast, which is really just muffins and the like but still, its enough to get you up and going in the morning. We enjoyed the place so much we are going back just to get away from the house for a night.
5	The stellar reviews are justified:  I stayed here for four nights with my mother who unfortunately snores like freight train.  We booked a suite as it's impossible for me to get any shut-eye if I stay in the same room as her. The plan was for my mom to take the bedroom, while I would tough it out on the fold out couch.  After arriving at the hotel we discovered that the sliding doors that divide the bedroom from the living area were wonky and that the doors wouldn't close all the way.  I was pretty sure that they were not up to the herculean task of keeping out mom's nocturnal rumbles and went to talk to Brianna at the front desk about changing our room.  Brianna was totally awesome:  With the approval of her supervisor she upgraded us to an executive suite and waived the extra 30 dollars a day.  The suite was enormous and equipped with a kitchen, walk in closet, and two TVs.  My fold out bed was decent and my mom's bed was exceptionally comfortable, if absurdely high:  We're both tiny people and actually needed a step stool to clamber onto it!  I loved the little touches at the Windmill:  The fresh baked chocolate chip cookies that are put out each afternoon; the surplus of fresh fluffy towels; the waffle maker at breakfast.....For 100 dollars a night, you can't do much better than this!
5	Our kind of place! Totally reasonably-priced, for starters. Not only that, while we were standing at the front desk checking in to the hotel, I checked myself in on the Yelp app (it's a social media thing if you aren't familiar with it) and was offered a check in special of 10% off our entire stay, which they applied to our bill right then and there!Our first night in we heard some pretty repetitive knocking sounds in the walls. I called the front desk to bring it to their attention. The next day we received a call from the GM, who told me they had flushed the pipes, and indeed, it was much better for the remainder of our stay. These guys offer great customer service--the CEOs direct phone number is posted in every room, for God's sakes. How great is that! I have never been in a comfier bed. Sheets were crisp and pristine, countless pillows, and we wanted to take the mattress home it was wonderful--we slept great! Pretty quiet overall. Love, love, love the suite set-up, so much room it's luxurious. Nice touch, the granite counter tops in the mini-kitchen! The kitchen kit is very thoughtful, real dishes, silverware, salt and pepper shakers and dish soap and even a sponge. Enjoyed the eggs and crispy bacon at breakfast every morning. Coffee & hot water with real cream available all day. Did I mention immaculately clean? Free WiFi! Pool got a little noisy here and there, but in a good way--families, people having a good time. We were not bothered by the enormous tube TVs or the kinda dated decor. I have paid ludicrous prices for tiny noisy rooms at extremely updated hotels plenty of times and I don't need it. This is the kind of place I would stay at all the time if I could. Highly recommend!
5	When I first contacted the Windmill Inn, the receptionist was friendly and helpful at getting me a great room at a reasonable rate. As someone who always travels with my pets, I LOVE when hotels are pet friendly and offer complimentary pet accommodations. At the Windmill in, they also have a designated pet friendly section of the hotel, so all of your hotel neighbors are pet people too! No anxiety about your dog barking or bothering other pet-free guests, and quick access to the outdoors as the pet rooms are on the first floor. They even gave us a cute bag of dog treats along with our chocolate-chip cookies at check-in. :)There is also a beautiful, grassy courtyard, with a pond that is full of koi, turtles, and cute ducks! The pool is in the center of this courtyard and is warm, well maintained, and handicap accessible. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, and will definitely return the next time I'm in the area.
4	Great value! Comfortable & clean rooms & bed. Did not like that thermostat is set to go no lower than 70, room still felt stuffy even with fan on. Breakfast buffet is very good, even included waffle irons to pour your own!It IS an older hotel and by no means luxurious, but overall a pleasant stay.
5	This was a great place to stay when I was in town for my grandmother's birthday. The whole family stayed there. The pool was amazing and the free breakfast they served was really good.The rooms were huge and the bed was very comfortable.
1	I would Never stay here again.  Had an early morning so I turned in at 10:30PM.  At 1:30AM I was still awake as a Korean baseball team was wide awake and were singing and having a good time.  I switched rooms at 1:45AM and got to sleep at 2:30 and was up at. 6:30AM.  The Manager offered me a $13 credit.......   Really....$13 dollars.   Another example of Penny Smart and Pound Foolish.  BTW, the Manager is obviously a joke as I was told he would follow up with me, but that never happened.
5	I was recently here for an extended weekend for my sisters wedding. We decided on staying at the Windmill because it was some what close to the wedding venue but also it had really great reviews and people seemed to enjoy this place. We drove at night so it was a little tough seeing the hotel off the road. They have an itty bitty sign that is barely lit up. Upon walking in you kind of get that dated elderly home feeling but whatever, it was 1 am and all I wanted to do is check in and sleep.Our room was very spacious with a living area, a small tiny kitchen like area with a mini sink, microwave and coffee maker. The bathroom was decent size with very good water pressure. We had two sinks. One in the inside of the bathroom and one on the outside vanity area. The bedroom was closed off from the living area for added privacy. The bed was incredibly soft and comfortable. I slept like a baby the entire time I was here.The hotel provided breakfast every morning in the lobby which consisted of scrambled eggs or omelets, bacon and sausage. waffles, cereal, pastries, biscuits, gravy, toast, egg muffins, fruit, juice, milk, water, coffee, tea. It was very good and nice to have a decent breakfast as opposed to going out to eat. Every evening they would also put out warm cookies! I never turn down a cookie......or two.The overall comfort of the hotel was excellent. I did not care about anything else except the comfort and this hotel met my expectations. I was happy with the room and I was happy with the service and I was happy with the breakfast. I did not care for the dated decor and elderly feel because if I did I would have stayed at the Clarendon.If I am ever in this area again I would definitely stay at the Windmill because the 5 days I was there I was very happy.
4	I wanted to give this place a 5 stars but I will need to knock off a star for the front desk. My husband and I arrived last Thursday for a USTA tennis tournament so basically this place was our home away from home until we left on Sunday. We were not impressed with the front desk when we arrived. Whatever happened to a nice friendly and welcome greeting and smile. The young lady who checked us in was not what I would call a friendly person. She was just business as usual and referred to me as mam and everyone knows that Californians does not like to be called mam or sir. I think my disappointment with the front desk was due to our reception at the Best Western in California city a few days earlier where we were greeted with the most friendliest staff.  As our days progressed at the Windmill, the front desk folks got a lot better. Sorry I don't know the names but there was a guy and an older lady who were very nice and I almost changed my rating  to a 5 stars but I figured first impression was the key. Enough about the front desk so let's see what we really liked about this hotel. It was a fairly huge hotel with plenty of rooms which were nice and clean. They had televisions in the living room and in the bedroom. One other thing this hotel needs to do is ditch those old Television  sets and replaced with flat screen and HD tv's. There were no guides on the tv so it was difficult for us to see what was on. Since we were not there to watch tv I decided to let it slide. The elevator came pretty quickly even though we did not use it that often. The morning breakfast was ok. The hot tub was nice and so was the swimming pool. Would I stay at this hotel again? I probably would but not 100 % sure.
4	I was moved into this hotel when we had problems with another hotel owned by the same company.  Although this is an older hotel, it was great.  The room has a separate bedroom and kitchen area which was nice.  The desk clerk was very nice as she had all my paperwork and keys ready when my family arrived.  The included breakfast is always a plus and there was plenty of parking near our room.  The pool was nice for the kids, but the best part for them was the large lake in front of the hotel.  We went to feed the ducks and ended up feeding the huge fish that would literally come out of the water and eat out of my kids' hands.  We were in the area for a Cardinals game and this hotel was a short 10 minute drive from the stadium.  If I'm in the area again, I would stay here again.
5	Had a private sleeping room with a very comfy bed, and a kitchen area. Even a continental breakfast.  staff was wonderful.  Couldn't be happier with our stay here!
4	This property is quaint and friendly. I've always had an enjoyable stay at this hotel. On one occasion it must have been a full house and lots of young sport teams were staying there. However this property manages the guests well and noise ceased at a reasonable hour.The rooms are all suites. I like the mini fridge, microwave and bar sink + counter with stools. Each suite has two TV's, one in the living room and one in the bedroom that closes behind pocket french doors. The bed was fine and the linens fantastic. Looks like the bedding has been updated but not the living room furniture & drapes. Regular suite rooms also have a small desk and chair,Free breakfast is included, although not too fancy. They have a nice sparkling pool near a pond with ducks and a fountain. If you're in one of the rooms facing the pool, you'll be treated to some awesome sunsets.Nice location, close to shops, spring training for baseball pro teams. Early in the evening, they have freshly baked cookies! And apples in a basket for guests. Of course you can read local newspapers in the lobby and tourist information.The lobby of the hotel has a spanish theme, tile floor and wrought iron. Also, dining tables are located just outside the breakfast room in the back of the lobby.
