4	I have tried 3 other sushi places and have always been greatly disappointed. A friend recommended this one and I decided to give it a chance before I gave up looking for affordable, tasty sushi in this city. I must say this place is good quality for the price. First off, you can't really expect the best sushi when it's "all you can eat" but this place had a good variety, it wasn't just crab and shrimp. The food was fresh, we were treated well by the employees, it's BYOB and truly all you can eat, including deserts :) not bad for $25 a person! Not the best sushi, but the best without breaking your wallet that I've found in the plateau.
5	Ordered take-out from this place. They sent one wrong item, and when I called they offered to bring me the right item, but told them it was alright. I ordered shrimp salad sushi, sashimi and shrimp dumplings. Instead of the shrimp dumplings they brought me fish cake skewers, which were actually good. The service at this place is awesome, and their prices are fair. I would never order take-out sushi from any other place. The quality, service and price is unbeatable. My only issue is that their minimum order amount for delivery is $25. Would order from them more frequently if they lowered it to $18
4	Great service and very friendly.  A happening young crowd.   The all you can eat special is amazing and great valuefor less than $25.   Try the sushi 999 roll.
2	I came to Sushi 999 with high expectations, based on the reviews here (hoping that the one negative review was due to that person arriving before the restaurant was in "prime time", as that reviewer generously noted).  However, I did come at prime time (a little after 6pm on a Wed night) and was disappointed. The tempura was really greasy, not crispy. The sushi rolls had lots and lots of mayo on them, and tasted more like mayo than anything else. The ice roll was probably the highlight from the night, as it used a mango sauce instead of straight-up mayo, and the rice paper wrapping was unusual and good.  I also tried to order the green dragon (though they brought me the red dragon, and it wasn't worth attempting to fix the confusion), the spider roll (which was fine, but a little greasy), and the tamago (which tasted like it had been made earlier in the week; spongy and flavorless).  My friends did have good things to say about the sweet potato roll, but were not particularly impressed by any of the other things they ordered (vegetarian dumpling; spring roll; salmon donburi; sweet tofu sushi; veggie tempura; a noodle dish; chicken teriyaki; beef-wrapped asparagus).  We ordered mango ice cream for dessert, and while it was orange, it didn't taste of mango at all and was really icy in consistency.One funny thing about this restaurant is it's hard to predict the size of the items you order: for example, the beef-wrapped asparagus and the spring roll come as one tiny piece each (comically tiny, it was impressive!), but if you order the vegetarian tempura you get a whole basket full (and the same is true of the noodle dishes or donburi). When we left, we felt like we'd just eaten a lot of grease---not what I look for when I go out for sushi and drop $25.  For all-you-can-eat, Crescent Sushi is more impressive.
3	I have eaten here a few times. The sushi is not bad. The pricing is set up to make the all you can eat option the far and away best choice.The service here is not great, in keeping with most every all-you-can-eat sushi place you have ever been to.The shrimp tempura, green dragon roll, and tuna sushi options are my favourite.If you are not looking to gorge on sushi, you might want to skip this. Otherwise, it is not bad, and they do allow you to bring your own wine.
2	Sushi 999 is one of the few all-you-can-eat sushi places in the area. I went there for lunch out of sushi craving (and with low expectations), but I was very disappointed by both the food and the poor service.The food tasted stale because of the ingredients were terrible. The fish they used were obviously kept in the freezer for way too long, and I wouldn't be surprised if it's expired. The service was also very poor. The waitress ignored the entire section for 15 minutes, and I had to walk up to her to get service. It wasn't like she was busy serving other customers, she just chose to prep the tables in the other empty section instead. The manager/cashier also just sat there and didn't bother filling in for her. The only reason I gave this place a 2-star rating instead of 1 is because I know how few all-you-can-eat sushi places there are in Montreal, and so I'm being extra generous when it comes to scoring the food.
3	It was a lunch all you can eat special kinda day. The day menu excludes few items only served in the evening. So  3 stars for now until i experience the full menu
1	If I could give a negative review I would. I went in to get all you can eat. Food isn't half bad, but the service is horribly slow. And honestly, for ayce, speed is of the essence. I sat there waiting for about 10 minutes for a few rolls of my first round. I've been waiting over 25 freaking minutes and some rolls still haven't come. What gives?Edit: they finally came. 30 minutes later. Really? For salmon rolls?
4	I heard a lot about this place, and I tried it last month, and what people say about it is true, it is the best sushi all you can eat in the city. And I have been going more often recently as a susholic... Only one negative remark is that they are changing there menu a lot, and it is getting harder and harder to get the sashimi as a weekday dinner or lunch choice.But all in all i recommend it, and dont forget to bring your own wine....white wine works best.
5	Probably the best bring your own wine (BYOW) all you can eat (AYCE) sushi in town.I love how they actually make the sushi per order, which can take some time though. Get ready for a 20min wait for your sushi. In the meantime, order the seaweed salad and soup they are really great. I only write this review because many people seem to complain about the time it takes to get orders. If you want industrial AYCE, go to sushi st-denis or kanda, you can even order sushi by the piece there (never a good sign imho).It's definitely not the best sushi in town, but it's an all you can eat. I find it coming second only to Ginza which is my #1! But Sushi 999 is just amazing for the value (bring your own wine!:) AND you get sashimi for lunch time aswell!!! Very few others do it (Kanda=crap, Sushi palace = decent).But what I really love above all is how friendly they are. I don't like mayo, and they never complained about me asking to leave it out. They ever came back to me regarding a tempura something that may have some on it.I would recommend this place to someone who's on a budget, wants pretty good sushi, likes sashimi (decent sized, fresh, and it seems more juicy than other AYCE), and especially if you want to bring your own wine! :)
3	Had a lovely night out with a group of Yelpers here. Having been warned that Montreal is not a sushi town, and that all-you-can-eat sushi buffets here can be kind of dicey, I was going in with low expectations. However, I really enjoyed the meal (and not just the excellent company!).Rice and fish were decent, on par with some of the more expensive places around town and much better than, say, Sushi Shop. Salmon and white tuna sashimi were available at weekday supper (not at lunch except on weekends) and red tuna was available in a roll only.Lots of cooked food options (including dim sum) for those, like my husband, who would rather avoid seaweed and raw fish.Service was fast despite being in a large group, and food came out just as soon as we had finished the last plateful. The hot dishes were served piping hot. We were offered a bucket of ice for our wine as well as little cups for our sake. There were a few little glitches with our orders but we certainly all had more than enough to eat.Special thanks to Mark G. for the introduction to beef sashimi. As a fan of rare roast beef, I can't believe I had never tried this before.My favourite part was when the waiter encouraged us to order a second round of dessert! So sad that I was too full for mango ice cream.
4	All you can eat sushi is perfect for a bigger group of people who'd love to try as much as possible from the menu. At first the things normally start slowly, but as the dinner goes we bravely order more and more. The staff of Sushi 999 understood the motion of our table and they took well care of us, making sure we have always some food around while making the tough life decision what to order next. They were funny insisting our sake has to be consumed warm, which I appreciate during the winter, but not during the hot summer months and even funnier when some of the guests from our group were called the inside of the table.I loved the fact the food is coming quite fast, the sashimi was fresh, although the red tuna was not to be found on the sashimi list. Sushi rolls were of good quality, but I can't say any of them was outstanding except for the honey roll that I loved. My crush that night were the coconut dumplings, wonderful dessert, can be combined well with eel roll as a fine finale of the dinner. I would say the food quality is around 3.5 stars, but the good company of the yelping friends made the sushi time enjoyable and in the end this place deserves its four stars for what it is. I would definitely recommend Sushi 999 to all you can eat sushi addicts!
3	Hey hey it's A-Ok! For All You Can Eat sushi in Montreal this spot on St Denis and Sherbrooke meets your needs. The fish is fresh and service is fast and friendly. The room feels nice, unpretentious, lots of windows. The menu numbers and the numbers on the order sheet seem a bit different so just double check what you're ordering. Personally I'd avoid anything except the sushi - there's a lot of other stuff on the menu, some of which we tried, none of which seemed notable to me. Simple fresh rolls in large quantities to accompany the beer and sake you byo makes for a really fun meal with friends.
1	Sushi was awful.  It's not run or made by real Japanese.  They are Chinese and know nothing about making sushi or sashimi.  Staff was rude.  We couldn't eat the awful sushi so we threw it away and they wanted to charge us extra because we didn't finish it.  How are we supposed to eat something that taste like crap?  They told us if we couldn't finish it, that we couldn't just thrash it.  What are they going to do with it?  Give it to the next customer?  Service was horrible.  They all run around with an attitude on their faces.  We sat by where they made the sushi and it just looked awful the way they were making it.  If you've ever sat and watched a real sushi chef, you would know how awful these guys were.  They barely gave us any wasabi or ginger.  We keep having to ask several time. They only have water and they didn't even want to give us more water when we finished ours glass.  The food was salty to make you drink and get bloated. You also have to bring your own drinks/alcohol.   I will never go back to this place again!
