1	One pita bread for two orders of hummus? What a joke. Slow service too. I'm not one to give bad reviews but this place reeked of slow service and sucky portion control. Step your game up, guy.
5	waiting for my order was worth the wait.the food is awesome.we tried almost every sandwich they had on the menu.the sliders,the gyro,the kebobs.I mean the food is heaven.
5	Just ate at this truck at the courthouse. I would absolutely recommend this place. A tad pricey, however for the quality of food it seems to be worth it. I just can't go everyday. I ordered the Greek Burger. Grass fed beef with spinach, feta cheese and a spicy sweet sauce. It was incredible. Will definitely go back... on payday.
3	I ate here because our club was volunteering for an elementary school's carnival event. Walking around the trucks, I decided to choose this truck. This caught my interest because of the emphasis for the food's "freshness". The workers were really nice and helpful. I got the Factory Burger. It was made fast, but the only thing that could be better was the sauce. The burger had a lot of sauce that made the bun soggy. The burger itself is pretty cheap, considering the serving size but overall the burger was okay. I'm not really a fan but I haven't tried the other burger (Greek Burger), which I should have gotten because it looks so much better.
5	Tony and crew were very nice and helpful with the menu. I got the Chicken Kabobs with Mediterranean Rice, Factory Burger, Factory Fries, and Eggplant Fries. Me and my girlfriend killed that delicious food in 3 minutes flat!! Oh man, it was so bomb. Thanks Tony, I was very impressed by the quality and flavor of everything.
1	Went to Downtown Summerlin and was excited to try out this truck since I enjoy Mediterranean style food. As my friend and I were looking through the menu, the first impression I get from the young server is a rude complaint to the cook. Okay, whatever that's fine, I guess. As I am ordering my food, she is still busy complaint/fighting with the cook that she had me wait a bit for her to finish and get back to me. As we get our order, our fries were the biggest disappointment. It was over cooked, drenched in oil and it was cold as if it has been sitting out long. It tasted and looked disgusting. When I spoke to a gentlemen that was working there about my fries, he looked annoyed and offended & also made a comment to me saying "it's fries, it's cooked in oil" and when I looked at him with shock of the comment he had said, he tried to save himself by saying "it's cooked in Mediterranean oil". Yeah...okay. After wanting a new batch of fries, he agreed and within mins I was given new fries. It was better but I've tasted better. Overall, I was disappointed with service and the lack of flavor.
1	I don't often post a review unless something is exceptional or awful.  Wife and I decided to try the food truck at the downtown Summerlin opening.  We were excited about the food trucks and chose this from the enticing menu though pricey at $10 a gyro.  It was a bit later...around 9ish and little to no line.  It took close to 40 minutes to receive two gyros.  I hoped that, with the wait, these would be incredible.  Wrong!  Truly the absolute worst garbage I have ever eaten.  Pita was crunchy and stale.  Meat was dry and tasteless.  The only thing they didn't screw up were the onions.  Stay far away...I would give negative stars if I could.
