5	I came in for a cut, condition and highlights and could not possibly be happier with the results. Sammy was my hair stylist and an absolute PRO at what she did!! Also, the aesthetics of the salon is fantastic, they did an incredible job. Beautiful place, wonderful people... Job well done!! I'm a permanent customer for life :-)
1	Though I am not prone to posting reviews and am sad to do this to a relatively new business, I feel it is important to notify others of the damaging experience I had at D. Antonio's. I left this salon bleeding on both hands from my manicure and in need of a new haircut as soon as my hair grows longer.The nail technician, Kristine, filed completely through the top of two nails on one hand  and vigorously filed a fingertip raw on the other, leaving me bleeding on both hands. To note, I had not had a manicure in three months and thus did not already have thin nails from repeated buffing. Without any apology, she then proceeded to rush through the manicure, which has led to plenty of bubbles. Within an hour of leaving the salon, I also found that my nails were starting to fold upwards because they had been filed so thin! Never have I seen a nail technician file away a nail until the client is bleeding. I understand that small cuts happen occasionally when trimming cuticles, but repeated filing open of skin and nails is easily avoidable. I additionally received a haircut at D.Antonio's. It has unevenly distributed layers that do not fall smoothly together. The layers initially were so choppy that even the stylist said it looked like I had two "shelves" on my head, with a long layer at the bottom and a blunt and obvious short layer at the top. She asked another stylist to help fix it. However, my hair cannot be fully fixed until it has grown out again.I purchased a haircut and manicure with a Groupon and regret having been enticed by the discount. It seems others have had better hair experiences here. For the sake of your fingers, do not get a manicure at this salon.
1	I am beyond upset with this company. I recently got a tattoo in February from this place, and now I am getting screwed over. I payed over $250 for my tattoo with the artist name Jason. Well turns out, before I could get my free touch up ( as told by the front desk and waiver I signed ), this company fired the artist. So now, this owner is not honoring the free touch up because that artist is no longer there. What a joke. Tattoo looks terrible, and this business couldn't care less. I am in shock that an owner would allow a garbage tattoo out on the streets that represents his place.  Idk if its my fault for trusting a salon to do my tattoo?? Please take my advice, never step foot in this place. They are trying to get over on people and for something as serious as a tattoo. What a joke!!!
5	I have mixed feelings about Yelp. My biggest issue is that it allows people to post anything they want, even if it is exaggerated or untrue! I need to take time to post a review because a previous post about my nail guru Kris is inaccurate. Kristine "Kris" is an amazing, professional and ridiculously talented nail technician. I get my nails done with her every 10-14 days and just yesterday also had an amazing pedicure! I am a very busy woman and I live all the way out in Surprise. Kris always makes time for me and I wouldn't drive over 50 miles for just anyone! I always look forward to my appointments because I feel like I am hanging out with one of my friends that just happens to perform rock star work. I feel pampered every visit and EVERYONE treats me like family (i.e., the front desk, the owners, even other stylists that don't even work with me). I receive so many compliments on my nails. Kris is very meticulous. She is worth the money and the drive!
5	Probably one of the best experience I have ever had  I have been going to see Alicia forever I have followed her around  from a couple of salons and she is by far the best hairdresser I have ever had. I wouldn't follow someone around if I didn't like them. She makes you feel like family talk to you if you want all through the service or just let you relax. She is great at highlights and color. I always get a full highlight and cut and it is wonderful she gives a great massage at the end that  you just want to sink into the chair and not get up. I hope this place can keep her because if you can she will do great things for you. I also loved this salon great vibe and everyone is so nice  and the receptionists are so sweet and they cater to your every need. This place gets a five star review from me I am so happy ... If you want a local salon that has everything even a glass of wine ,beer, or mimosa come here best money I ever spent!!!!!
1	So I posted a picture of what I wanted and what I got... I understand realistically that it will not look exactly like the picture but I would think that when I am paying $170 it should at least resemble what I want! But what I got was a horrific ombre gone bad and fried hair! When i let them know that I did not like it they offered to tone down the blonde for me but if I wanted it dyed back to my original color it would be $65!!!! Are you kidding me I just spent $170 for something that looks nothing like I wanted let alone barley resembles a decent ombre job and now you telling me I have to pay more for your mistake!! My hair is ruined and now I have to spend more money to get it fixed elsewhere.  I would not recommend D' Antonios  for your hair care!
5	I can't say enough about the amazing energy and service here!  Shayla (the manager)  is by far one of the most professional hair stylists I've ever been to.  I am a cosmetologist myself and now out of the business and would not trust my hair to anyone else.  I had been ignoring my hair and busy with other things and was in need of some TLC.  Within an hour and a half, I was a new person!!!  Thanks again D.Antonio's!  Can't wait for next time!!! I will try to figure out how to put my before and after on!!! :
