5	I didn't really have expectations going in to this spa.  I was given a gift card to use from a friend of mine and was just excited to have $50 off my service.  I was extremely impressed; here's why:1 - I love that they have a private parking lot and the entire building is just The Lamar Everyday Spa facility (not a strip mall or huge hotel like most spas are in this state).2 - Front desk staff was all smiles and they were professional also.  Casey was working when I walked in and could not have been sweeter or more efficient when giving me a tour.  (Make sure to arrive at least 10 minutes early so you are not rushed when you go).3 - Amenities!  Not only did the relaxation area have plenty of magazines, water, tea, fruit, cookies, etc... but the bathroom had razors, toothpaste, shower caps, and more.  (I realize that most spas do have these things, but I just didn't expect it for some reason).  They also have a pool, jacuzzi, sauna, and steam.  4 - I've had several facials in my life and never really enjoyed them too much; I usually prefer massages no question.  However, this facial was awesome!  My estetician was Ellen - she was fantastic!  I loved that the facial included a hand massage as well as face massage - she even got my chest, neck, and shoulders too.  Plus, the bed was really comfortable - just the right temperature!  It was extremely relaxing and I feel like my skin was glowing when I left!There are plenty of details that I'm sure I'm forgetting, but you get the point - this was a really great spa!  ***One thing to note:  the locker-room area, waiting room, pool, etc... actually everything is CO-ED!  Make sure you bring a bathing suit and keep your robe on :)  Come to think of it, if you can get your guy to accompany you, I bet this could be a fun couple activity too!****I am told that the first Wednesday of every month is 2 for 1 night.  I believe it's from 6-9 and if you bring a friend, you get both treatments for the price of one.  They may even have appetizers and music as well.  (Ellen told me about this during my facial, so I could've been dreaming but I'm pretty sure this is what she told me... call for details!).  Any volunteers to be my first guest one of these months?  Let me know!  I'll be back for sure!
4	This should really be 3.5 stars but didn't want the 3 star rating to throw off their average... I got a massage while we were on vacation, here's what I liked:-Good pre-natal massage therapist -Professional staff-Great pool area where you could sit and relax before or after your service-Tea, water, coffee, etc. bar that included fruit and cookiesHere's what I didn't like:-Communal "locker room" they have separate dressing rooms, but the areas where you enter and exit the showers and bathrooms are communal. -Bathroom issues... I think they were having an off day here (I hope so) it seemed only one of the three (or four I can't remember) bathrooms were not clean/working. One was stopped up, one the top was off and sitting on the toilet seat, another lock was broken. -Quality of products - this may sound snobby, but I was expecting some either nicer products or more upscale packaging for the shampoo, conditioner, body wash, etc. The products were store-bought and I think White Rain or Suave. Not that these are bad products, it's just at a spa, where you just paid the going rate for a massage, you'd think they'd try to present a more upscale perception. But just to repeat, the massage was good and the facility has some nice things about it.
2	We have been to this place couple times. My wife felt is was a great place for a massage and other treatments. Unfortunately, I had the worst massage ever. This was a young man who was so weak I could not even feel barely any pressure..I said please a little harder..It as like a lite rub on oil on my back... The ..owner did email me and said it was his first day...but he had NFL football players that raved about him...but we had 3 massages & not inexpensive either. The owner did offer a $25 coupon for the next time...I may go back...but doubt it. Make sure you ask for a "seasoned" masseist
4	I did go back and they were very nice and made up for the other massage that was not so good. Excellent massage..I will return..now.They are priced...so so.
5	I went here for the UYE tonight and realized I had been here about 1.5 years ago. I had a great time when I paid for a day spa for my BFF/Bride-to-be and myself.  I thought that the location was well organized, relaxing and complete.  I felt very well taken care of both during the services we received and the down time between services.Tonight I was priveleged to see the outcome of the renovations they had been doing at the time I was here last.  The area doubled in size and a few new services were added such as a hair salon.  The staff was super friendly, so gracious, and many of them were very curious about Yelp.  Heidi Lamar, the owner, was there to make sure that our every need and question was answered.Our spa tasting included: hand paraffin dip, eyebrow waxing, chair massage, and makeup application.  Each one of the employees is very skilled in their trade as well as friendly and social.  I will definitely go back for these and other services.  The prices are a little expensive, but well worth it and not outrageous.  For example, a 55-minute massage will run about $100.  I've seen cheaper elsewhere, but you get what you pay for.
5	Just a quick update since I was at the UYE Spa Tasting Event tonight... once again, The Lamar Spa took good care of me and the rest of those that attended tonight's event.As Jennifer noted in her review, Heidi Lamar was there herself to make sure everyone was satisfied.  The services were wonderful and just enough to get a feel for what a full service would be like.  I enjoyed a chair massage from Shirley, make-up application from Danton (who did a spectacular job and in just a few minutes, I felt "pretty, oh so pretty") and paraffin hand wax treatment from Jane - all of  this paired with some food and Sake2Me made for a fantastic evening!  The best part about tonight?  Other than getting to hang with some fabulous yelpers and see Bonnie G's man get his eyebrows waxed, my BF came and treated himself to a facial and then surprised me with a gift card so I can return to get pampered again soon... Now the tough question is what should I use my gift card for?  A facial?  Pedicure?  Massage?  I'm sure I can't go wrong but PM me with your suggestions, please!  Can't wait to go back for more!
5	OMG!!!!This dude Dan who runs their salon, cuts hair, does makeupHE DID STEVIE NICKS' MAKEUP AND HAIR FOR YEARS!!!AGHHHH!!!!I love love love love Stevie!!Aside from my crazed Stevie obsession, I found this spa to be top notch.  Very environmentally aware.  Very down to earth.  Moderately priced.I love this place.LOVE.
4	I attended the UYE that Gabi organized and boy am I glad that I did! I was coming off of a horrible, stressful Monday in Corporate America. I was greeted by a friendly receptionist and also the owner of the spa, Heidi Lamar. It's nice to see someone have a dream and pursue it with passion and excitement. Heidi Lamar is doing just that. The interior of the spa is nice and clean. It has a natural feel with all of the hardwood floors throughout the building. I was invited to start ridding myself of stress by doing a paraffin dip on my hands. That was heavenly and I felt my cares melting away slowly. I then was taken on a tour of the entire facility. The place is HUGE and very nice! I went back into the common area and was invited to have a chair massage... ahhhh this evening is getting better and better! After my massage, I had my gnarly brows waxed. It's amazing what a little hair removal can do for your face. I highly recommend getting your brows done here to guys and girls! The aesthetician that did my brows was not only good, but she was educational about my skin and brows. After all that, I sat down to get my makeup touched up. This is where I wasn't as pleased. Bless the guy's heart, the artist had NO clue on what colors to use on my skin. He was SO excited to do my makeup, so I let him just go to town! I looked like a really dark Barbie with really BRIGHT lipstick... can you say radioactive tangerine lips? If you want something done right... do it yourself. Ahh well, my makeup is a mystery to many artists. It wasn't his fault. He tried.Is it the Phoenician? No. It's an "Everyday Spa" that is comfortable and clean with super friendly and professional staff. I hope to visit Lamar Spa again, to spend the day and be pampered! For now... I'll just dream of my return....while I sit in my Corporate American Cubie....
4	What's girl to do when she turns 30?  Have a spa day and live it up!   I decided to start my third decade off in style with my favorite things; wine chocolate and the spa.  I called a few days ahead and booked the relaxation massage along with the spa pedicure.  I also convinced a girlfriend to take the day off with me to relax and unwind.  We arrived and were greeted by smiling faces with menus for us to choose our spa lunch.  We were then given the tour of the large facilities and were on our way to being pampered.  I kept thinking why I had not taken advantage of this place sooner.  I do live in the area and it seems a shame to not frequent this spa.  The relaxation massage was just what I needed to loosen up after a busy work week.  As soon as I was able to get replenished my lunch arrived; salad, bread, fruit and cookie.  The portion was so surprisingly large that I could not finish it!  Up next; we decided to experience the steam room.  My skin felt about 10 years younger!  I am convinced I need a steam shower in my bathroom.After lounging around for a few hours we ended the day with pedicures.  The staff is so professional and they use great products.  I can't go to cheap $20 nail salons b/c their crappy lotions give me a rash so it's nice when you can have the entire experience; ambiance, nice products and great price.I will sure check out the first Wed of the month special!
5	I had a very nice time here. I went for a massage, facial, and pedicure. The massage was good, not the best I've ever had but really good all the same. The facial was amazing. But I'm not a facial girl and my skin was super dry a week later - I think I don't know how to do all the follow up facial work. But I don't know that I could blame the spa for that! Pedicure was great and the women working there were highly entertaining and personable.Pricey but not above what you would expect for a nice salon. And when I was pricing spas in Phoenix and Scottsdale it was basically at or below all of the other establishments.It was a really great environment. There is a small pool, hot tub, and really great lounge for reading.  Highly recommend this to folks looking to drive just a little ways and escape!
5	After taking a half-day hike into the McDowells with Take A Hike Arizona, I booked a massage at Spa Lamar.  I would definently recommend Jose.  He was pleasant, professional and had great hands!  The owner, Heidi, was very attentive to the guests and staff.  A great place to spend an afternoon but not spend a fortune.  This was truely a perfect day!  I had a great hike in the morning and then indulged myself with some much neeeded pampering.
5	I absolutely love this place!  The price is just right and the service was spectacular.  It was my first massage by a male masseuse and Jimmy rocked! His hands were so soft and well-padded, which felt great on my body. I'm definitely going back to Jimmy next time I'm in town.
4	Our group of seven women visited this past weekend as part of our annual high school reunion - it was a great experience. We all had services at the same time - we were mpressed that all of us completely enjoyed our services. Usually at a group spa event at other places, one person is disappointed in their services. We were all thrilled. Check in and check out was great - friendly staff. Clean environment. Fun gift shop. Decor could be updated - but services outweighed everything.
3	Me and my girlfriends went there a couple of weekends ago as a part of our girls' spa trip.the place itself is very calming with music playing in the background. the staff were very nice and helpful. i loved the seating area and how they had refreshments out.  the only thing i have to complain about is their pool. it was more like a cheap motel pool than a pool at a nice spa.The prices for services were like any other, about $100+ for facial, about the same for body stuff like scrub and wrap, and I think I little more for massages. I ended up getting the tropical body wrap and it was awesome! left my skin soft for the next few days until i decided to get baked by the pool. Over all it was an good experience. Oh yeah, one little incident in the steam room. They might want to fix the control so people wont feel like they are all of a sudden in a gas chamber and run out like me and my friends did. hahBut, definitly a good place to go relax with your friends!
4	Nice little spa with reasonable prices. The food was tasty the atmosphere comfortable and the services good. My best friend and I spent the day there a couple of years ago and enjoyed ourselves. I am an aesthetician so am a bit fussy about spas, this was a nice experience for me.
5	This place is amazing. I came here with 4 girlfriends and we all ordered the "a Perfect Day Spa" package which included the oasis facial, body scrub, swedish massage and lunch. It also includes lignt snacks and beverages and use of their steam room, sauna, jacuzzi and swimming pool. I'd never done the spa thing and this was a fabulous first time for me!You begin by getting a tour of the place and they set you up with your own locker.  Each of the services that I got were about an hour long so in between them I chilled in the pool, sauna or steam room. They also have a gift shop and gallery of paintings done by one of their estheticians Natalie. Natalie actually did my facial and it was ahh-mazing. I have super sensitive, acne-prone skin and my face was glowing after she did the pore extracting facial. Felicity did my massage.  She asked me where my problem areas were and so she concentrated mainly on my shoulders and lower back. She worked wonders and put me to sleep. Finally, Sami did my body scrub. This was really great, too. My skin is still super soft. All-in-all our package came out to be $290 before gratuity which after this full day of pampering (we were there from 8:30 to almost 4) seemed like quite the deal. I highly recommend this place and the staff was very friendly which made for an even more pleasant experience.
5	I've lived in Phoenix for two years, and Spa Lamar is now one of my very favorite places.I just went there for the first time today and got a 50 minute Swedish massage, done by Christina. She is magnificent! I was uber-stressed when I went in, after weeks and weeks of stressful stuff I've had to deal with. She adjusts her pressure to make sure you're getting the most out of your massage, and she just plain knows what she's doing. I've had massages that were bafflingly sub-par. Not this one!Afterward, I laid on a blow-up raft in the swimming pool, and was hypnotized by the sound of the little waterfall. I'm surprised someone else on here thought the pool was like a cheap motel pool. It's small, but I thought it was beautiful. Kind of a Tuscany feel.The people were nice, the gift shop was very interesting. Lots of cool books and jewelry and T-shirts. Oh, and the complimentary gourmet granola bars were yummy.I plan to go back and highly recommend Spa Lamar! After a rough few weeks I left there feeling like a human again, and my neck had released the boulders that were there before!
4	Having never been to a spa before I didn't know what to expect coming into Spa Lamar especially since the prices were so much more reasonable than any other spa in Scottsdale.We arrived early and were given a tour of the place and then shown our lockers and changing rooms and given robes and sandals and taken to the waiting area where our therapists would call our names.The atmosphere is very relaxing and they have plenty of water and tea for you to drink as well as some fruit.My friend and I chose the Mid Day Break package as it was moderately priced and offered the services I was looking for in a spa day.The massage was very nice. The therapist adjusted the pressure to my liking and helped me feel loose.Next was the facial, which I've never experienced before but the facialist helped me feel very serene and peaceful. And last, my friend and I were able to have our manicures together.Afterwards we experimented with the sauna and steam room before using the pool and jacuzzi and showering and leaving.No one ever pressured us to leave and we paid when we felt ready to leave and put the gratuity on our tab.This is definitely a place where the service exceeds the prices. If you're looking for great services at a great price, come check this place out.
5	I love love love the Spa Lamar!!!!I go whenever I get a chance! They have a great deal! The first Wednesday of every month you take a friend and get HALF OFF both of your services! thats a deal if you ask me! The staff is always amazing and professional! I never want to leave. Every person I have taken there has gone back and loves it.
4	1/19/10Went in for my first salon coloring!  (2009 was the first time I had my hair lightened.)  Parking lot was empty, but it was raining hard, so I wasn't surprised... Besides me, I think there may have been only one other client, back in the coffee/tea room.  Again, not a big deal, since I don't like crowds.  After checking in for my appointment, I was invited to sit down in the waiting area.  I found the wait pleasant- the area was tidy and cozy, and the music peaceful.  If you like to rummage through books and magazines, or look at hair and body products (and whatever else you may find for sale at salons), you won't have to look very hard here!  You'll find something to keep your mind busy, but I like to take the time to de-stress.  The receptionist offered something to drink, which is always nice!After meeting up w/ my hairstylist/colorist, she showed me where to dress down to my comfort level and put on a robe.  Yes, it wasn't a plush robe, and it made me feel uncomfortable, as it wasn't very flattering, but no one was around to see me, anyway, so I didn't care :)  After finding my way back to my colorist, we discussed about the results I wanted to see and feel, and she then told me what procedures she would take me through and how long each phase would take.  I found her a good listener and felt comfortable that she knew what she was doing.  I'm not much for talking while at salons, and I sensed that she knew this, but when I would speak up and ask her questions, professionally and personally, she was open to talking, as well.   I found this refreshing, bec. I've met quite a few stylists throughout the years that act slighted or mad when I'd rather not talk... The results were fantastic!  My stylist didn't lie- the products she used made my hair very shiny and silky to the touch (some things that were lost due to the color-stripping), and the fact that it took awhile (from a few hours to a few days!) for others to realize that I had colored my hair back to brunette (I had caramel, blonde, and red high- and low- lights) is testimony that the coloring looks natural!  (Actually, the color she gave me is the darkest I've ever had my hair- darker than my natural haircolor.)  Many people did comment on how much weight I've lost, which isn't fact, so I attribute all the compliments to my darker hair :)Easier to access than Tempe's Moodswings (free parking!) and none of the snobbery one can find at other salons.  Less expensive than comparative salons, too!!  Friendly and knowledgeable staff, comforting and welcoming ambience... Give Spa Lamar a try!BTW, every first Wednesday of the month, Spa Lamar holds "Live at Lamar," a "happy hour" of sorts, from 6p to 9p there's live music, light apps (nothing fancy, just something from the grocery, I'm told), and perhaps cocktails.  MOST SIGNIFICANTLY, if you bring a friend who's never been to Spa Lamar, services are BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE!  That's right, you read correctly!  What are you doing this coming First Wednesday?  Hmm... I'm not sure, but I think something quite special is on the calendar...  Guess I'll catch this Spa Lamar special NEXT month!
4	true to form, i never plan but we were lucky enough to get reservations at spa lamar on short notice! upon entering, it wasn't my typical spa experience. it felt a bit small and cramped. we were promptly and warmly greeted by heidi (owner?). she was extremely nice and took us on a tour of the establishment before leading us to the dressing rooms. we quickly got into our robes and realized that we had a about an hour before our first treatment. we spent the the time by the pool-it was quite small, it made me feel like i was in a backyard pool at a friends house but it was still nice and relaxing. the sitting room was well equipped with lots of cushy chairs and ottomans-perfect to put your feet up and just veg out before a treatment. they have both a hot sauna and a steam room, both being extremely relaxing-with fresh chilled towels waiting for you after a sit. i got a swedish massage from rachel and she was personable and nice. she was really in tune with making sure i not only enjoyed the massage but she was able to work out some trouble spots. having another hour before my facial, i spent some more time at the pool. being a seattle girl, i relished in having clear blue skies and blazing sun. the facial was excellent and left my face soft and clean. my only gripe came when i got my manicure, it was my very last treatment of the day. not only did my mani feel rushed but it was poorly executed. the manicurist was unsure of how to clean and properly trim my cuticles and i had to do it myself. pretty disappointing. otherwise, it was a good experience and some cute eye candy from the front desk guy and jimmy the masseuse. i will come again and check out their first wed special the next time i'm back in scottsdale.
2	06/02/10Sorry, Spa Lamar, but today's visit wasn't so pleasurable.  Finally had the chance to check this once-a-month feature SL holds every first Wednesday (where an established customer takes along someone who's never been to take advantage of the BOGO offering (buy one, get one).  I was told that this feature applies only towards spa services, but that I'd be able to take Mom in so that we'd both be able to get a shampoo/cut and color.Now, first I have to say that my first coloring (Feb.) didn't last very long- I noticed fading within the first two weeks!  I thought perhaps using another color-enhancing shampoo/conditioner set after one week of religious use of Aveda products may have been the culprit (perhaps chemicals in the second set caused color to fade), but after discussing it with Rachael, I decided I'd use more expensive color-safe products, shampoo less (I normally wash my hair twice a day on the days I work, and at least once-a-day on my days off), AND rinse with cold water after every shower to ensure that the hair cuticles properly close, but no... Mom and I BOTH noticed significant color fading WITHIN the FIRST week of the treatment.Other disappointments include Mom's complaint of uneven shearing of her hair; my slight disappointment in the way my hair "moves" with the new haircut; the very small pool area out back, and the lack of privacy we encountered compared to the other spas we've experienced while accessing the pool, sauna, and steam rooms, to name a few.  To add insult to injury, the receptionist decided to skip me and take care of the group of older women behind me when it came time to pay.  After a few minutes, when she was ready to direct her attention to me, the receptionist first tried to charge double for the services- basically negating the BOGO offer, but I reminded her that we were there for "Live at Lamar," so she then tried to do a "buy one, get 50% off the second" deal, to which I again balked at.  I also added a couple of hair products to my bill, and after I had given her enough spafinder gift certificates to cover the salon services, the products, and Rachael's tip (20% of what TWO sets of cut and color would regularly cost), she tried to tell me that I still had a balance that needed to go on a credit card, citing that the tip could not be paid with the certificates!?!?  I asked how she arrived at this conclusion after I ran down the bill and the certificate amounts I'd given her, writing everything on paper.  She apologized and said she had not realized I'd already included Rachael's tip (!?!?).  Whatever great experiences I could've relayed to friends, relatives, coworkers, and clients about SL's "Live at Lamar" flew out the window within those closing minutes.  And then, not even a week later, Mom and I noticed the significant color loss...I'd hate to have to find another spa and hair stylist/colorist, since Rachael seems to be a genuinely friendly and sincere person, but if I can't come away feeling blissful and know I got great color/value for the money, how can I recommend this spa to others?  How can I go back and pay for haircolor that doesn't even last a week?  Mom still complains every now and then (and it's only been 19 days, for goodness' sake!), and our only consolation is that I can't take her back for another "Live at Lamar" experience since it's a feature only good for those clients' friends who've never been.  Hmm... kind of ironic, when you think about it...p.s.  Rachael, did you get your $48 tip, as well as commission from product sales?  BTW, the two-star review isn't a reflection on Rachael's abilities as a colorist, but the treatment Mom and I received from the receptionist, as well as the lack of color fastness of Redken coloring products.  A colorist can only do so much w/ the products on hand, yes?  A coworker told me Goldwell products work well.  Anyone agree?
4	They did the best color I've ever had and they were able to take me the same day I called in. The prices are very reasonable considering how good the service is. I'd reccomend anyone to this spa!
4	When you go to a spa of any sort, you expect professionalism, knowledge of what they're doing, and a relaxing time without (hopefully) breaking the bank.Case in point: Spa Lamar in Scottsdale. I have been a regular for quite some time and have been slow to review it, but it's definitely worth a visit. I've had my hair cut and styled (they do great "wedding" hair), I've had a facial, mani/pedi, and most often, body waxing.I always see Ellen for my facials & body waxing.  She does such a great job and I always feel relaxed during, and pretty after! Every staff member there is very friendly and professional, which stems from the fact everyone knows what they're doing. I like visiting this place as often as I can, but even if you're not super-rich, Spa Lamar is one of the rare affordable spas in the area. Go in, treat yourself, I don't think you'll be disappointed :)
5	They were recommended by our hotel, Doubletree Paradise Valley just down the road. I called for a massage in the morning and got an appoinment for both my husband and myself for later that afternoon. We just got in from a long drive and really needed the massage. I mean, we REALLY needed it. I have to say, if I could have a swedish massage like that every day, I would take Jimmy home with me. I've had massages at some pretty great spas -Mandara Spa in Honolulu, Red Door Spas everywhere - but I think Jimmy is the best ever. He knew exactly what I needed, got all the right spots and everything was perfect. My husband was also quite pleased with his massage. He had a deep tissue neuromuscular massage which lasted about 95 mins and for him, it was the perfect massage to ease his back problems. Sharon was outstanding and knew exactly what he needed. It's a small spa but it's much more personable and friendly than some of the larger ones. The pool is small but that's part of the charm. There's a relaxation area with water, tea & fruit available and relaxing music is piped in everywhere. We didn't use the steam room or sauna (too hot already in Scottsdale) but we plan to next time. Prices were reasonable, certainly more so than other places in town. The only downside I found during our visit (and it's minor) were a few loud women who were apparently there for a celebration and were using the relaxation room to exchange gifts and talk and gossip, instead of relaxing. At times, it got too noisy and it's the only room we could sit and relax. I suggest that Spa Lamar lower the lighting in that room and make it dimmer to give that feeling of rest. They might also want to put up signs to turn off cell phones and keep the noise down for the benefit of other guests. I've seen these signs in other spas. We're definitely planning on coming back whenever we're in town.
2	I was excited to go here because of all of the great things I have heard about Lamar...but I was disappointed :(  It all started with a pushy tour of the place and I wasn't impressed because it felt a bit dirty and old.  Then the next scary thing was a very crooked eyebrow wax that looked really strange...followed by an even worse massage.  I would be willing to try it again because so many people love this place but I just haven't been brave enough!
3	The massage was good.  But if you're looking for a "full service" feeling this is mediocre at best.  The perfect word to describe it, is "decent."  I'm on the phone with my sister talking about our experiences here (we both went at different times) and we're talking about how it's not bad, but when you want to spend money to relax and feel good about yourself, this doesn't accomplish the goal.  So... if you want a good/decent priced massage go.  If you want a "spa day" keep looking.  I know I have to do better research and pay a whole lot extra for Camelback Inn or something like that.  They really need to clean it up, make it not look so old/dirty.  :( I hate saying that, but it's the truth.  Too much competition to look like that these days.
4	I have to be honest, I never look forward to getting waxed, but at least when I do, I can enjoy the Lamar while I'm at it.  This place is great, it's exactly what a spa should be: clean, comfortable, and calming.  All the staff are super friendly and good at what they do...Ellen in particular, I always leave happy and satisfied when I get a wax or facial from her.  They frequently run specials too, which is nice, you just have to get on their mailing list.  If you're in the scottsdale area, be sure to book an appointment here.
5	This spa has set the standard by which all other spas are judged. So far no other spa has met that standard.When you walk in, you are greeted and welcomed into the dressing rooms. A comfy robe and less comfy rubber sandals are waiting for you. Come an hour or so early so you can enjoy the hottub, sauna and relaxing waiting room. They usually have cucumber water, nuts, etc. out for nibbling. I've had massages and facials here, and both were amazing. The aesthetician was a little odd, telling me she wanted to paint my face because I looked Victorian, but other than that the facial was great.Check out their website, because they have monthly deals. For example, buy a $100 gift card, get a $25 card free.Tips: bring a swimsuit and ponytail holder, arrive at least an hour early
5	This is my favorite spa in Scottsdale.  My mom, aunts, cousins, and grandma visit every March and everyone schedules a day in just to spend the day at Lamar.  It has the most relaxing environment you could wish for.  The snack bar is perfectly stocked with fresh fruits, tea, coffee, filtered water, and cookies.  Out of all of the massages that I have received in my life, Lamar definitely has the best.  Competitive pricing for an excellent massage.  I can't even count how many times I have gone back.  The pedicures and manicures are also top of the line.  I always plan to come early or stay late and use the steam room/sauna/hot tub/pool area.  The staff is extremely friendly as well.  I highly recommend this spa!!
5	Have I mentioned I wish I could go here every day? The hubs, Mother in law and I all headed over to the Lamar on Saturday afternoon for some massages. Even though the place was wayyyy busier then I have ever seen it, we did not have to wait for our appointments. Everyone enjoyed their massages and we hung around and took advantage of the steam room afterwards. Love the Lamar!
1	Horrible experience. Bridal make-up run-thru was not cleanly. Artist, Tracy, did the application in 15 mins looked noticeably  uneven.  They tried to reschedule the up-do run-thru for another day after having the appointment a month in advance. Unacceptable treatment with forced opinions onto the bride. Blatant attempt at promoting other services at the spa after it was made clear they weren't desired. Nail technician who did shellac pedicure was the only positive, she did a wonderful job.  We were forced to pay for the horrible make-up application which was a poor decision reflective of the management.
2	I would not pay to hang out at this spa again... Its old & outdated.We got our nails polished and the nail polish job was inconsistent, while I got a great nail polish job, my girlfriend experienced something awful.There is a yoga studio in the spa and while the yoga class was *nice*, it was nothing extraordinary.Oh, and the private spa pool was dirty and unkempt...
5	Had my hair cut by Rachael!  She is an amazing hair desinger.  Wonderful experience everytime I go to this salon.   I will be back.
4	I went to Spa Lamar today for the first time and it was awsome!!! I had a hot stone massage and an algae wrap, The Wrap was great and so was Natalie the spa had a very charming feel and staff was super friendly,Clean comfortable and prfessional . I definatly will be returning very soon.
3	Spa Lamar advertises itself as an everyday spa.  Go in here expecting just that, and you won't be disappointed.  While the amenities are a bit older than other spas, and a bit more basic, if you get a service such as a massage, it includes use of the facilities for the whole day.  We had a couple's massage here, and the massage therapist did a pretty good job with working out the omnipresent knots in my back and shoulders.  It was a good mix of relaxation and therapeutic massage.  At $210 for both of us, it seemed a bit pricey to me, although since it is a spa environment in Scottsdale, higher prices are to be expected.  They also have a harsh cancellation policy that I wish I could get away with at my own business and still stay afloat!  If you cancel within 24 hours of your appointment time, they will charge you the full amount of your service.  To be charged $210 if an emergency or something happened within 24 hours and I couldn't make the appointment made me feel a bit uneasy- good thing it was a normal day for me!We were excited to try out the facilities, but there are a few things that need to be updated or fixed.  For instance, the steam room was lukewarm and it seemed like the controls were broken.  The steam room itself is very basic, with blue tile, and just steam, no other therapeutic scents.  There is a pool and jacuzzi outside, which we used for a bit.  There were a lot of leaves in the pool, and there was some dirt both in the pool and the jacuzzi accumulating.  They have flotation noodles and pool rafts for you to use to float in the pool with, but the pool rafts were very dirty and caked with sand, even after trying to rinse off all the dirt with water.  The whirlpool itself is a nice hot temperature, but the knob to activate the "whirlpool" feature was missing so we sat in hot, calm water rather than whirlpool type water.  Another option that I found missing was a "cold" room so that you can alternate between a hot environment and a cold to invigorate the senses.They have a bar with fresh fruit, iced water, iced tea, coffee, and a nice selection of hot teas to choose from when you are relaxing in the atrium.  In general, while Spa Lamar is a decent place to get a spa service from, it isn't the most posh.  So far I'd say the best experience I've had in Arizona would be at Joya, but prices here are more reasonable than Joya, so it is true that you get what you pay for.
4	The staff is wonderful and very accommodating and friendly. The 85 min. massage is worth the extra $$! All services are very reasonably priced for the Scottsdale area. Jacuzzi was down when we were there but the pool area is very comfortable and relaxing. They were able to take a last minute shampoo and blow-out with a smile. Be sure to check out their jewelry and gifts too. Highly recommended day spa if you are staying in the area!! P.S. Bring your own champagne if desired!!
5	I just finished my Head to toe Glow package and I feel like i have added 10 years to my life :0)  Spa Lamar is a wonderful retreat.  I cant wait to bring my mother in for a spa day when she comes to visit.  Kudos!
4	I recently spent my second day in as many years at Spa Lamar, but this time for extended services.  All tolled, I was there for 6 hours: from an early yoga session masterfully led by Lisa Valle, who wove mind/body/spirit into the one hour and 15 minute practice, to a chocolate-peppermint body scrub, then an added-on facial (as I was happy to remain in the company and expert hands of Natalie, the asethetician), to lunch and the finaly service of the day - a pedicure that included extensive defolliation and leg/foot massage. The staff members I encountered were all professional and extremely courteous.  I felt welcome and pampered.  The services were simultaneously relaxing and invigorating.  Peaceful. The facility is conveniently located on Scottsdale Rd. with ample parking by the entrance, which is behind the main thoroughfare making for easy access.  However, the interior looks ready for an rejuvination of its own - the painting and furnishings are dated, the towels worn and frayed.  Same for the small poolside area.  There are many selections one can chose for lunch upon checking in. My choice was a salad, which was set out for me in the main dining/lounging area after my tacked-on  facial request (I do have to commend the staff for being so accommodating) and was sent in a plastic container from a local, well-established take-out deli.  The fresh-baked cookie dessert was served to me warm on a plate during my pedicure, making for a nice touch to the otherwise standard fare. Living in Scottsdale, I've had the pleasure and opportunity to sample many of the amazing spas in the local resorts.  The ambiance at such establishments certainly out-shines that of the Spa Lamar, but in terms of services provided I would definitely say they're on par, at a cost that is somewhat less than the finer establishments.
5	I can't say enough good things about this locally owned and operated independent spa. They are a stand-alone operation offering all manner of personal pampering. This place is well worth a visit and a great bargain for Scottsdale. Just north of Fashion Square mall on Scottsdale road.
2	My friends and I called this spa the ghetto fabulous Lamar Odem... 2 stars - because the facials and massages are good, everything is not so good. It is not a place to hang out at for very long.The building is very old and run down.  The pool is tiny tiny...Jacuzzi was green...No sun, no place to lay out, not very relaxing. The sauna and steam room can fit 2 people, not much privacy in general. Men and women share all common space. The waiting area had tea and fruit, but was busy and semi-loud. We ordered food delivered from a deli, $15 for a basic salad.The help at the spa was unorganized and spaztic. They didn't call in our food when we ordered it at 12:30pm, got to eat by 3:00!!! It is supposed to take an hour, not 2.5 hours. :( Done. I would not go back.
5	I planned my friend's bachelorette party in Scottsdale and wanted to have a spa day.  I found Spa Lamar on Yelp and emailed Jeannie.  She was so accommodating and really made our spa day special!Don't let the outside of Spa Lamar fool you, either.  It is huge - but feels cozy at the same time.  We spent the day lounging around the pool, jacuzzi, sauna and steam room with mimosas we brought, and had great Swedish massages.  We were all so happy with the excellent customer service we received.  I would highly, highly recommend this establishment!
5	I planned a bachelorette party and took a group of girlfriends here. I was 50/50 about the choice, because some of the mixed reviews. I can tell you now, the nay-sayers couldn't be more wrong about Spa Lamar!Walking in, we were greeted with a super friendly staff who were willing to take pictures for us and take our bottles of wine/champagne to be served to us chilled. Then we got a tour of the place and I was very impressed. Some of the reviews I read said this place was outdated and I didn't get that at all. The decor is incredibly well done and very warm inside. Every room we went to was gorgeous and relaxing.We spent time relaxing by the pool while each of us were escorted one by one to our separate services. In our group, we had swedish massages, full head of highlights, and the manicure. Everyone left satisfied and raved about Spa Lamar.I would definitely come back here when I'm in Scottsdale and recommend this to my pickiest/snobbiest of friends from CA.Oh and a tip: If you like your massages hard, ask for Jules. I never complain about a massage being too hard, but man did she put it to me!!
5	What can I say... Spa Lamar is great! On a recent trip to Arizona to golf and enjoy some R&R, a friend and I spent some quality time at Spa Lamar. We read all the reviews from multiple sites and decided to give it a try. From the first time we walked in, until the last time we visited,(3 days in a row) we were treated like royalty! Heidi Lamar joined us at the hot tub and explained all they had to offer and made us feel at home on our first visit. I'm going back for the same trip next year and the only thing I'm sure of is that Spa Lamar is at he top of the planning list!
3	Massage was great, but only 3 stars because the common area is not seperate from the men.  We share a sauna, steam room, hot tub, etc.  I wasn't thrilled about having to wear my swimsuit and having men stare at me.
5	What a great place to unwind from a hectic day. Galina the Nail Tech was amazing, By far the best pedicure I have ever experienced! What a delightful, funny, beautiful woman! Truly inspiring. Look forward to my next visit.Julie
5	The staff is friendly and the cost is the best in town. I get the oxygen facial and they have the best price by $100.00.  Smaller, clean, quiet spa. Best pedicures- overall a great experience every time I go there!
5	We were having a girls weekend in Scottsdale, and had hoped to spend it by the pool, but on Sunday morning we realized it was going to be a rainy day so went into frantic spa planning mode to try to accommodate 3 girls for 2 treatments each on last minutes notice.Spa Lamar was not only able to accommodate us last minute, but they also turned out to be one of the most affordable spa's that we had called that morning. We had a great day at the spa - the customer service throughout the day was incredible, everyone was so friendly and fun. And, the best part...at the end of the day, we were going to call a cab to take us to the mall, and the woman behind the counter offered to just drive us since it wasn't too far! So, we accepted the ride, and at the end of the ride, we were thanking her and asking her name, and it turns out it was the owner!I would definitely go back, we had a great day and really enjoyed ourselves!
4	Long time planned girls weekend with last minute spa services found at Spa Lamar. Jeanie at the front desk helped book us and was nothing short of flawless in in interactions, grace and insights. We only walked a couple blocks to get there and loved the ambiance and joy that exudes from the staff and surroundings. It wasn't the fanciest place but it had all the ammenities and really hit the key things just right. I was mischarged for my service which I just realized as I reviewed my weekend spend and will call to request an adjustment which should go smooth as I'm sure it was just an oversight. Go and enjoy yourself! I will go back and will have more services done.
5	Fantastic quality and customer service. I have nothing but great things to say about Spa Lamar, and it's my "go-to" place for massages. I fully recommend them for a quality and well-valued massage. It's worth it. Great location just north of Fashion Square. The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating. They will explain everything, especially if it is your first massage.
3	I really struggled with how many stars I should give this review. I went here with my mom for a spa day a couple weeks ago. We enjoyed our day but the facilities are just ok. The reason I gave it three stars is because the girl who did my facial was great. I think her name was Leah?? Hopefully I am right. She was lovely.The steam room was just ok. The steam is preset to go off at regular intervals but for my taste the intervals were just way to far apart. Towards the end of the cycle I felt more like I was in a hot yoga studio, not a steam room. And I love steam rooms so I was a little disappointed. But even the quality of the steam room needs some updating. Several tiles are cracked. One side of the steam room is a constant puddle due to the inconsistency in the floor. I tired not to step over there because water that never drains just seems like an invitation for bacteria. There was also some white substance in spots on the wall that I am not sure what it is. Leftover soap not rinsed off, growth, I don't know? The pool and hot tub area are basic. They have some big trees overhead so I try to give some benefit of the doubt with all the leaves in the pool. However, it is much harder to overlook the edges of the pool and hot tub that just seemed grimy. I think the pool service might need to scrub the edges a little more often. I won't go in to extensive detail on everything because I don't want to feel like I am beating them up. It is a nice place. It just maybe needs a little more attention to detail, cleanliness and some updating.I would recommend getting a facial here. However, I would recommend going with realistic expectations. This is not going to be as nice as one of our local spas but it is a nice way to spend the day.
5	Me and one of my besties had such a relaxing day here. Such a cute place and the pool is a nice touch!!
5	I love Spa Lamar! The service is amazng, the packages are incredibly reasonable.
4	My mom and I went back recently and I have to give them kudos for turning up the steam room. It was great this time. Just the right amout of steam!And the staff is so very friendly. It is still not the same as a resort spa, but that is ok so long as that is not what you are expecting.
3	Torn.1-2 stars for the grounds & amenities.3-4 stars for prices, staff & the service I got.I'll go with 3.In general, Spa Lamar feels very run down. Very sad. It is not like larger hotel spas in the area so don't come in with that expectation.All spa areas are co-ed, so you gotta keep your clothes on.No food on-site, but they ordered Jason's Deli for us and had it delivered. No booze either, and we didn't bring our own. Shucks.Pool wasn't working and it was 105 out. No lounge chairs, just wooden chairs, so do not come here to lay out until that problem is fixed. Massage was good - can't believe how quick 85 minutes go. The prices are higher than a chain like Massage Envy, but much more reasonable than a big hotel spa for instance.In summary: Don't come here to take advantage of the amenties (there are few). Come for the treatments and bounce.
5	I love that I found my go-to scottsdale spa!  Racheal does my hair (cut and highlights) and she is amazing, I wouldn't go anywhere or to anyone else.  I love that they have a ton of amenities (including a small pool!) so everytime I go, I can spend as much time as I want there.  They offer small snacks and tea/water and the staff is just so friendly and inviting.  Definitely would recommend Spa Lamar to anyone looking for a relaxing, enjoyable  spa day. Two thumbs up!!
2	My bf and I were in Scottsdale for the weekend and I found Spa Lamar on yelp. After reading the positive reviews I really talked it up to him and we decided to try it.I also read about the special on travelzoo where you can buy $130 of spa service for $65 (half off) The ad reads "$65 - 'Best Spas in Arizona': Half Off Massage & Pool Day" I called Spa Lamar, spoke with Taylor and asked about a couple massage and whether we can use the vouchers. Since the price of the couples massage was over the price of 2 vouchers, I asked if I can buy 3 and use the leftover money for other services. She said YES.I went on travelzoo to buy the vouchers, the fine print said one voucher per customer so I called Spa Lamar and spoke with Taylor again. She said she would find out for sure and put me on hold. She came back on the phone and apologized and said we can only use one per person. No problem! It was still a good deal. I bought 2 vouchers, made the appointment for the following day at 1:00 (I had a early evening flight home.) She said 1:00 wasn't available, but she can get us in at 1:30. No problem again.The next morning, Taylor called, she said they booked a couple's facial in our room, so we can't come in until 2:00. No problem again!! We got there about 1:50 and were shown to the locker rooms then "relaxation room." There were 4 women in the room drinking champagne and talking very loudly about their children, therapy, etc. You couldn't even hear the music! Now, mind you, I love a girls' day out and do it often. But, couldn't they put a party in room other than the "relaxation room" so everyone trying to relax don't have to listen to their conversation?The lady (I believe the owner) came to us and told us they pride themselves on being on time, but it was 4 minutes after 2 and it would be another 5 minutes before they were ready for us. No problem!! At 2:15, she walked by us, looked at the clock and frowned. A couple of minutes later, we were called into our room.My therapist, Karen was wonderful. She gave me one of the best massages and asked me frequently if the pressure was ok. She was the only positive thing about the place. Unfortunately, my bf felt like his deep tissue massage was just a inconsistent light rubdown. After our massages, we went into the steam room. It smelled musty and mildewy with about an inch of water on the floor that wasn't draining. We left and tried the jacuzzi. The pool and jacuzzi did not look very clean either.Overall, I agree with Kimberly T. Spa Lamar feels very run down and not very clean. I was extremely disappointed. We gathered our things and went into the showers. Guess what?!?!? There was no hot water!!!!!!! I had to take a freezing cold shower. I mentioned it to the lady at the front desk when I came out and she said they had a lot of guest today and the hot water probably needed to cycle through. I told her my bf took a shower in the one next to me and his was hot!To add insult to injury of a horrible experience, when we checked out, they couldn't figure out how to discount the travelzoo vouchers so they tried with a calculator and told us we owed an amount a lot more than we were expecting. When I tried to explain to just minus $260 (2 vouchers) from the amount owed, they said the vouchers were only good for $110 each, not $130!!! The other $20 was for yoga classes. I explained the ad said 50% off $130 value and they insisted it was not all towards massages and the voucher was only good for a one hour massage which is $110. They said it would be the last time they advertised through travelzoo. I told them of my experience starting with misinformation about the voucher the day before to the appointment time, then the cold shower and they asked what I thought was right. I told them to simply honor the voucher as it is advertised!All in all, it was a horrible and costly experience at a run down place. I will never go back again.
4	This place is a little old school..aka out dated. The pool was on the ghetto side. I wanted to lay out after my massage but no lay down lounge chairs were available nor could fit in the 3 foot perimeter surrounding the pool. I gave it 4 stars because the yoga class and massage were one of the best I've ever had. Services A+, actual salon and amenities C-.
3	First spa i have treated myself to here in the valley and overall i had a pretty good experience. I got the hot stone massage and it was sensational. The other amenities were just so so. It's not very big but it is still very nice and kept together. Small co-ed sauna and steam room. I love the idea of being able to go in with my boyfriend but they are really tiny. We booked in advance so i had to hold it on my CC, which is not a prob. SO MAKE SURE if you are not going to show up, you cancel or else they will charge you full price and it is not cheap.I know its only 3 stars but its because i cause i was just expecting more xtras on top of the massage. I left feeling fantastic though-the massage was def worth the money.
4	I love this location. The only thing that I wish is that they used better lunch services and keep it consistant.
5	My boyfriend and I aren't your typical Scottsdale Spa-goers.  We can't really budget for such luxuries currently and we don' really fit the image of spa-goer either, what with the tattoos, etc.  That certainly doesn't mean we don't need these luxuries!  We received a gift card for a couples' massage for Christmas.  It is now the end of May and we finally had a day we could devote to "us".  Our entire day at the spa was such a treat.  We enjoyed yoga, lunch, the pool, jacuzzi, steam room, sauna, and deep tissue massages.  I have been known to have some sort of preconceived ideas that I may be treated differently based on our appearances and/or socioeconomic status.  I should note that these ideas never made it from my brain to my mouth.  They are based solely on my past supporting an idea that just don't fit in in Scottsdale (I don't really want to either).  This is all on me, and wrongly so.  The staff were all so very genuine.  Everyone made sure we were enjoying ourselves every step of the way.  We were treated respectfully and with kindness constantly.  Thank you for proving my inner insecurities wrong!  It was greatly appreciated and made for an even more fantastic experience.Specifics:Yoga- We were lead by a very supportive David.  He listened to where we were, what our needs were, and guided us through a challenging practice.  We both left feeling challenged, relaxed, strong, and clear minded.  A great start to a spa day!Lunch- There is a small menu (which makes sense) and not too many vegetarian/vegan options.  We were able to make 2 of the salads vegan and they were delicious!  They serve a soda and a cookie with the meal, but after yoga I didn't feel much like having all that sugar.  I chose a prickly pear soda (when in Rome...) and drank a bit of it.  It was tasty, but I really just needed water.And now the massage!-When these ladies say deep tissue, they don't mess around.  I carry the stresses of being a single mom, a middle school math teacher, and local union vice presidency on my shoulders... and they weren't afraid to dig and and get some real work done!  My boyfriend is a mechanic and was equally impressed with the progress in loosening his neck and shoulders.  Like I said, we really can't budget for these luxuries, but we neeeeeed them!  And our experience at Spa Lamar really helped loosen up the stresses.We are truly grateful for our relaxing day.  Thanks Spa Lamar for giving us a wonderful day of togetherness, relaxation, and mostly for treating us so genuinely.  You run a great business and I hope to save up for another visit!
5	Absolutely wonderful!!  Went to AZ for a weekend vacation.  I wanted a nice massage before I jumped on a plane back to California.  The staff was very helpful and the massage was very relaxing!
3	Very relaxing facial and massage. Affable staff. Reasonable pricing compared to other spas in the area.
3	The overall experience was nice. There could be more privacy. Did not like the waiting area and it being so close to everything. We did a couples massage which was very relaxing; deep tissue and Swedish. Both were great. The place could be bigger. Seems like too much is going on in one building.
3	My massage was amazing, the girl did an awesome job.  However, I arrived 15 minutes early like they told me to but my massage started 10 minutes late and ended right on time.  I can understand cutting my massage short if I was late but I was early. I was patiently waiting for my $110 massage which was cut short.  I was really excited about the amenities but I felt a bit cramped out by the pool, there weren't any lounge chairs just chairs to sit in and no one else was out there.  It was kind of lonely.  I also couldn't figure out how to turn on the jets in the hot tub.  When I sat inside I also felt a bit uncomfortable.  There were two guys having a little meeting in the corner and a couple people sitting quietly waiting for their massage.  I just didn't feel that there was any place to kick your feet up and relax.  It felt more like a comfortable waiting room where your sitting directly across from other people who also had nothing to do.   Overall my experience was nice, I guess I was just expecting more.
1	I had recieved a gift card to Spa Lamar and decided to take advantage of the 85 minute therapeutic massage.  When I called, they encouraged me to come early so that I could use the jacuzzi, steam and sauna. They mentioned it was coed so I should bring a suit. From the way they were describing the place, and by the looks of their brochure, I was expecting a top notch, luxurious spa.. WRONG!.. For starters, the sauna was cold and the steam wasn't "steaming".. when I finally found someone to question about it, she said it goes on every 15 minutes, but she would check... Well, 20 more minutes later (total of 35 minutes waiting for the steam), there was no steam and the employee never came back to see if it was working.  The waiting area isn't your typical "mellow", relaxing "holding" area... First, there are men and women, which can be uncomfortable when you are walking around in a robe.. then, there are the employees banging things around and talking on their cell phones.  Not exactly relaxing. When I went to take a shower after my massage, there was nothing but cold water... just what I want after a relaxing massage.. an ice cold shower!... Needless to say, I found the overall experience very disappointing.  I will say, however,  that the massage was, in fact good. Would havve been nice, however, if instead of the upbeat piano music they had piped into the room, there was some mellow, relaxing music... I mean, my intention in going there was to relax!If you are looking for a high end, relaxing spa, avoid Spa Lamar.
3	I would say 3.5 stars.  Got a massage when visiting from out of town.  The staff was so friendly but nobody told us to get there early for the massage to fill out paperwork and change.  So my "60 min" massage ended up being closer to 50 min.  The massage was a swedish massage and was pretty good.  Facilities looked nice but we didn't get a chance to use them.
4	I spent an afternoon with a girlfriend here, catching up and relaxing.  There was a very relaxing vibe and atmosphere for the most part.  The facility is co-ed and there were men here.  The individual showers and changing rooms are also co-ed.  As we were waiting to be called back for our treatments a man came out after a massage and sat next to us grunting and moaning in delight. Kinda killed the vibe.The treatment I received was the tropical body scrub. It was an average treatment, I didn't find the products they used to be extraordinary in anyway, but I still enjoyed it.I love that you can bring in your own alcohol and they will serve it to you. When we walked out of our treatments they had our champagne in an ice bucket and mimosas ready to go. We enjoyed the outdoor spa and pool, and had a wonderful afternoon.Overall we had a very positive experience and enjoyed our time. Thank you Spa lamar.
4	Went to Spa Lamar for massage. My massage therapist was Aubrey L, she was excellent. Did an incredible job for me. I would highly recommend her.  On the other hand the facility has seen better days.  Dated and very busy with lots of decorations all over, walls table tops.  Clean but older and dated.
5	My experience was fabulous! I went in with 7 other girls for a bachelorette party not knowing how large and accommodating this place would be. When we got there they had a banquet room open and ready, and ice bucket for our wine (you can bring your own wine, awesome right?) and a bottle opener for the wine (thank goodness because we had forgotten one). We had each were going to purchase a travel zoo voucher for an hour massage and 35 minute facial but they said we could just pay as we came in rather than hoping there were enough vouchers available. That was super convenient for everyone. Even with some of us extending our services we were out of there in 4 hours. I wasn't aware that they had such a large staff! It was a wonderful experience. My massage was fabulous and the therapist took the time to let me know some stretches I can do that will prevent my back from getting tight. The facial was amazing too! The only thing I can complain about is that when we went to check out the gratuity was automatically 20% of the original cost of the services (not the travelzoo rate) so everyone's bill ended up being twice as much as they were expecting to pay. I just wish they would have been upfront with us when scheduling the appointment or when we arrived so that we didn't end such a relaxing session with the shock of an unexpected cost. That part was probably on the voucher but because we hadn't purchased one I wasn't aware. Either way it was a fabulous deal and my bridesmaid were so impressed with the whole day and intend on setting up follow up appointments with the massage therapist for themselves and their husbands.
4	This spa is very nice. It's not a high-end, dim-light, marble stone, over-priced spa. Functionally, it has everything you need (hot tub, small shaded pool, very nice waiting area with different seating areas, with refreshments, different sections for different treatments/activities), but nicer than just "functional," very, very pleasant. I got a package deal for yoga (which I couldn't make), lunch, massage and facial. Lunch was a sandwich, salad, drink and cookie, delivered in a pretty wicker basket. I had a facial from Deanne and a massage from Meri. The massage was excellent (I like a deep massage, and Meri was excellent; I'm guessing from her sensitivity and experience she can do a "relaxing" massage equally well). The facial was OK. It's very accessible with good parking and very friendly people.
5	Spa Lamar has become our home spa. My husband and I have been enjoying their services for almost ten years. We have even taken our tween daughter and my mother for some pampering. From nails, to massage, to facials, and waxing, Lamar does a great job. If you aren't happy, tell them before you leave and they will male things right. Their private dressing rooms, showers are great. Their sauna and pool etc are nice benefits to a day at the spa. We have even had lunch brought in to the spa, which they arranged, that added to our experience. They even have a gift shop for trinkets and bathing suits. I look forward to my birthday visit every February and several other special occasions throughout the year. See you soon, Lamar!
5	My husband and I have been visiting this unique spa for more than 3 years and love the ease to get in for services.  The front staff (Shirley and gals) are always top-notch at making you feel welcomed. Heidi and Jeannie create a relaxing environment and always give a kind word. Most recently, they called some of their staff members who were on call that day to attend to us because we LOVE super DEEP tissue massages. Everyone is genuinely friendly and you will enjoy this spa if you're looking for a casual, not over-the-top experience. As a local who likes to get away from the corporate spa scene this is the perfect place for me! Thanks again for going above and beyond to give us a wonderful experience.
1	My boyfriend has been going here for the last few years to get his body waxing - as they seem to have some sort of men's day on Wednesdays.  He went this week to get his back waxed prior to going on vacation.Every person he knew who worked here is GONEThe girl who waxed him had him sit in a chair??? Not on a table!He paid for a half back wax and she only did the top 1/4 - so half way through his should blades, she stopped. Really! He came home with a 1/4 back wax and she didn't even make it look "normal". She did such a bad job - there was no defined line and then he was super hairy underneath. She didn't ask AT ALL about doing more of his back and sent him home with hair in the only place he could NEVER reach on his own!She used no coolant/lotion after the wax and was clearly not into doing it.It is my guess that she hasn't even been trained on this.She did however, have no problem asking him to pay for this crap
4	Low key day spa with excellent yoga classes! I haven't used the actual spa, so I can't comment on that.  The overall facility is clean, well staffed, with a relaxing atmosphere.  There is a small assortment of yoga and spa gear in the lobby to shop or kill time while waiting for a class. The yoga classroom is just the right size for a small-medium sized class.  It can get a little crowded for the more popular classes, but it still feels welcoming.  The room is not kept in the usual air conditioned deep freeze (which I appreciate), so your muscles can remain warm and loose.  I don't really enjoy the extreme heat of Bikram, so this is a nice compromise.  I don't know how this will fair during the Phoenician summers, but for now I am enjoying.Check it out!
4	Today was my first time here. I loved it. It was just like a spa at a resort. I spent the day there. Sat by the pool, had lunch and got a facial. The pool was clean and a perfect temperature. The only thing I would say negativeis that they need more deck space. What is different about this place is that you get to bring your own wine and they serve it to you when you are ready. My facial was awsome. The atmosphere was very relaxing and the staff was very friendly. I plan on going back.
5	Went here for a girls trip, there were 5 of us. All but one of us got the mid day package. It was perfect.....hanging by the pool, in the hot tub while waiting for our next services. We even got to bring our own drinks! Had a blast. Thanks lamar spa
4	This is a bit of a different setting, but competitive pricing to go along with my cucumber water, VERY thorough pedicure, and good massage offset the decor. The staff is friendly and professional and I don't think I've ever had a better pedi.
5	visited Spa Lamar in March while in Scottsdale for Spring Training - I think this is going to be an annual tradition.  me and my friend wanted to have a spa day after a week of baseball and when we saw that Spa Lamar also had yoga classes we thought "this is perfect!."  the yoga class was the best yoga class I've been to - truly built for people of all levels and skillsets.  I recommend getting there a little early to get a spot.  the massages were wonderful.  the facility was also really nice and I wish we could have stayed longer but we had flights to catch.  next time we'll probably make a full day of it and order lunch.
3	The steam room is especially nice but the pool, spa, and sauna could use some improvement.  Although the facilities are not quite as posh or maintained as I would have hoped they are serviceable and clean.  I'm sortof reminded of a mid-grade fitness center locker room/pool but with a relaxing waiting room/lounge.  You get what you pay for and unlimited use of the above listed areas with spa service is a nice perk if your going for a spa service and have time between appointments.
4	Took my sister for her birthday, enjoyed a yoga class and massage.  Yoga instructor was a sub and was great. She described every pose and was fun too.  Massage was pleasant although the room was chilly.  We ordered lunch which was 45 minutes late, no biggie gave us a chance to enjoy the pool.  Overall it was a pleasant experience, only downside is the front desk staff I would not say they are the friendliest.
5	Today we went to Spa Lamar as part of a bachelorette weekend. From asking tons of questions to booking the appointments, the ladies at Spa Lamar were so helpful. I asked if we could bring alcohol and good instead of buying lunch there and they said no problem. We showed up today with bud light, sandwiches, and fruit. They took it all from us and put it in the fridge.We all had amazing services. I got a facial and my skin is glowing and feels amazing. The others got massages and they said they were great.When we got out of out sessions they had put out out sandwiches and fruit for us. The beer was displayed in a serving tray with I've!We spend about four hours drinking and lounging by the pool. If you are looking for a relaxing afternoon with incredible service and estheticians, Spa Lamar is the place to go.
4	Great place for an event!
4	Friendly staff and clean facility!
4	I have visited so many up-scale massage places (from LA, Vegas, Hawaii, Colorado), and I think they can come up to my top 3. The rooms are super cute and spacey. The receptionist was very nice.  I love that they have a mist and a sauna room as well as a swimming pool and a jaccuzzi.  It is pricey, but not as much as how much a typical Vegas spa would charge. My massage therapist was great too. The reason for 4 star, not 5 is because I hit my thumb nail and cracked it pretty bad as I was trying to open the mist room. The door was so hard to open and my thumb nail still hurts. Other than that, I was very pleased with the service I received.
4	It's a lovely experience. This reminds me of a spa here in Atlanta. A one stop shop  BUT don't  assume that means the service may be lacking. While there on business I wanted to treat myself to a massage after a long day. I did a quick yelp search and found this gem had an opening..  The price and location was RIGHT!  There was actually a yelp special at the time. I was originally  booked with a guy ( I prefer men because in my experience tend to be stronger ) .  When I arrived I was warmly greeted. Thrilled that it was quiet.. I was given a quick tour. ( yoga and a pool are offered here with your service - yay). The masseuse when I was told would be serving me  was gone.. I didn't  like that.  The booker should know the staff schedule.. Or call me back if a mistake was made.  I did request a man. Anyway, I was given a rob and locker to keep my things secure. I was then led to a relaxing sunroom. My masseuse Marilyn was wonderful. She asked if there were any areas that needed more attention and what type of touch I preferred.  All in all - I was relaxed and slept wonderfully hat night. Marilyn was informative about  home relaxing techniques. She made me feel welcomed and  " well taken care of".  It's been 3 weeks and I am still speaking of the Experience. Though I was leaving the next day. I could not take advantage of the yoga classes, the pool or sauna they offered... But when I'm back in Scottsdale  I WILL BE  scheduling another appointment. Thank you Marilyn.
5	I had time before my flight and wanted to treat myself before the long travels back to NYC so I decided to get a massage. After finding out so many other places were closed on Sunday's (very strange to me) I came across Spa Lamar. The receptionist on the phone was very friendly and helpful and let me know the amenities were included with the massage (pool, jacuzzi, steam room and sauna) I came 2 hours early so I could hang out and relax. The pool was a little disappointing because it was very shady and there were a lot of leaves in the pool but that's my only complaint. My massage therapists name was Tiffany and she was AMAZING! I'm not kidding, it was the best massage I've ever had (and I get massages pretty regularly) ... Highly recommend Tiffany. She had great energy and made me feel very comfortable. To top it off, Shirley, the friendly woman at the front desk offered me a ride back to old town since the location was out of bounds for the golf carts from The Sagauro since she was heading home that way. So sweet!!
4	We had an evening flight back to Seattle and decided to treat ourselves to a full day of relaxation at Spa Lamar, and what a treat it was. My bf and I love sauna/steam-rooms but often can't find co-ed ones where we can enjoy them together...so that was a major selling point for us ending up here. We arrived and hour earlier than our scheduled massages to heat up using the facilities. The sauna/steam room/hot tub and pool were all cozy, clean, and more than functional (unclear where the bad reviews are coming from). We often visit the Russian spa in Seattle and are fans of the cold plunge which they didn't have, however it had been chilly out so I hopped in the pool as a substitute. :)We opted for a couples therapeutic massage and were both VERY pleased with our therapists. Pressure was definitely intense enough for both of us, and I actually really liked that they started you on your back first as I'm a big fan on ending face down on the table. I asked for most of the work to focus on my shoulders and forearms, which he did, but didn't neglect my legs and feet which was great! Afterward we spent another 3 hours lounging which seemed to completely fly by. We brought snacks and champagne in which was an awesome touch (and excellent money saver) and even received dinner recommendations from the employees.Such a great experience. If I'm ever back in the neighborhood I would DEFINITELY return.
4	OMGOSH, I treated my best friend to a girls day a Spa Lamar back in August. We enjoyed a massage, facial and mani. The spa and facial were pure bliss. The mani...well lets just say the manicurist did NOT remove all of the gel from my fingernails before giving me my mani. HUH? That did not make since to me and it ruined the look of the nails but I was on such a high from my massage and facial that I didn't notice till after. I was just having fun talking to my bestie while she went to work. She had to have noticed the existing polish and I told her it was gel. The place is beautiful and relaxing. It was a little warm in the waiting area. Too warm. I will definitely go again. Would have been 5 stars if the manicurist would have done a decent job.
5	I've been here twice. The first time, I went with a couple friends. I had a great experience. We all got massages and made use of the saunas and pool, enjoyed the complimentary snacks. It was so nice I decided to make an appointment for just myself. It's easy to book an appointment online and they'll call you to confirm. Everyone is very friendly and the place just has really good energy :)
