2	This motel was one of my only options as it was right off of the highway and allowed dogs. This was the week of the monster Nov storm that hit the east coast and I was exhausted from driving slow in the rain.  It was late and not being a NC native, I had no idea that I wasn't in the most favorable part of town.  Check in was smooth, though the front desk guys were not very friendly, but just doing their job.  Oddly, the room was nicer than I was expecting and the bed was decent too.  I wasn't expecting this as I was jaded by my earlier experience at a filthy Quality Inn in TN.  After seeing some of the interesting people hanging around the neighboring rooms and driving in and out, I decided to empty my car completely.  I know, I sound like a snob don't I....well I checked out the crime blotter for the area on my phone and read that there had been a robbery in the neighboring parking lot which resulted in a shooting, a few days earlier.  So I made sure the door was locked.  Luckily it was pouring, and I think this disabled some of the regular activity that happens at this motel at night.  The TV kept timing out every hour, but other than that the room was decent for a motel.In the morning as I was leaving, I was trying to pack up my car while holding my dog's leash.  I put him in the front seat with the door cracked, and proceeded to try and shove my guitar back in my trunk.  I was having some issues fitting it back in despite it fitting fine the day before.  In my frustration, I didn't notice the 2 meth-head looking guys walking towards me, babbling fastly about what kind of guitar I had, did I need help, "Let me see it", and about ready to grab it, as my new rescued swamp dog knocked the front door open with his nose and barked like a crazy dog at them.  They walked off pretty fast as their toothless hobo friends looked down from the balcony.  If it had not been for my dog, I would have knocked the guy in the mouth with the guitar case. I had also read that a few days earlier, up the street, a pregnant teenager was shot while sitting at a bus stop and died while her baby struggled for life in an incubator.  I didn't realize that Charlotte was such a shit hole, and I'll never go back. No wonder their basketball team moved to New Orleans......If you ever get off at the Sugar Creek Exit, it better be just to go through the "Cook Out" drive through, and nothing more.
1	This is an email I received from what seems to be the Manager.  Very rude.  He doesn't seem to understand that when there is a shooting and lots of other crime in or near his motel, that this will steer people AWAY from his motel.   He seems to think I shouldn't be allowed to state the crime I either read about or observed. about your stayFrom: daysinn28262i think you should mind your own business crime in neghibourhood nothing to do about your stay at hotel if you have concern ask the security then post a negative review . any body bother you at hotel you should report to the management not come up conclusion and make decision at your own look the both side of pictures. thanks but no thanks
1	My wife and I stayed here last year around July. We searched around to find a nice hotel for a few nights that would fit our budget. When we got to the hotel, we notice a lot of police in the area and it looked to be in a bad neighborhood. The room and bed was fine and the hotel did not look run down. We only stayed one night and went back home. Next we will find something better and in a better location.
1	Not clean, room sure could use a coat of paint and updating.
1	Do not trust this days in. Note on wall saying no refund after 15 mins but out of site so you don't see and takes that long to drive around to room walk up stairs and see the state of the room. No refund given. Rude and unprofessional. They take your money.  You don't get to see the room. I asked for non smoking. All I got was a smoking room. Went back and changed and got another smokers room. Came back and got shown a sign on the wall to the sideOUT OF SITE TILL THEY SHOW YOU NO REFUND AFTER 15 mins.  Do not trust this days in. They stole my money. The room is not worth 58 bucks. It's not worth 30 bucks. Ramada hotel Charlotte airport and conference center and for 10 bucks more it's like going from a dumpster to a royal palace. Take my word. Don't waste your time or money.  And if you don't believing me ask if you can see a room before paying. And I bet they will refuse cause the photos look nothing like the rooms.  Trust and go elsewhere. I lost money. No refund and I have to wait till the money hits my bank and then I get it back but as I am leaving the USA. Well that will take time.  So don't take my word. If they don't let you see. Go else where. Why would they say 15 mins lose refund. Simple. It's that bad!!!!!!!!!! Unprofessional when owner says go to hell to a customer asking for refund!!  I won't even give it one star if I could but I have to
5	I was in the charlotte area looking for a motel which would be a great price and be comfortable at the same time, so i stumbled upon this one and thenAs i soon as i entered the reception areaThere was very nice person to welcome me.Very kindly guided me to my room The room was neat and clean, not noisy at all.I did call for help and in about 2 min service arrived, Over all i had a great experience, and i would recommend it anyone trying to look for stay in the Charlotte areaThanks for the great service
1	Also note they lie when you fight it with your bank.  Sadly I left the country to move back to England so communicating with the bank is so slow this company days in lied to steal money from me when I never stayed there. I actually booked with a better place that was not a **** hole of a place. Trust me. Same price by the airport and your in a luxury.  Don't trust this pace. Unfair 15 mins refund before you even see a room. Rooms are disgusting. Cheap and not worth 25 to 30 dollars including tax and that's being fair.  Owner is well full of him self and cares not about his customers. That's why they hide the 15 mins warning out of plan site. Any hotel or motel will and should let you see a room before you commit. So don't trust this place and if you want bed bugs. I can bet this place does. Sheets looked old. Be very careful. Go to better places. Check airport hotels. Same price and so much better.
5	I give this place 5 stars. My boyfriend and I drive straight through the night to Charlotte and arrived at 9am. We were seeing a concert that night. We explained that we just needed to sleep and would be checking out by midnight. Instead if making us pay for 2 nights (which is what every other place I called wanted) they accommodated us with a smile. :) really means a lot! They even gave us a room on the third floor in the back corner where it was quieter so we could sleep. Convenient location. The room was clean, the bed was comfy, the price was right and the staff was friendly. If I'm ever back in Charlotte I will for sure stay here.
