3	Although some of the patrons can be a little tactless, (such as an old man standing up and yelling things to people at random)  this place is really nice to come to early in the morning.. Its not too crowded and the service is very prompt and sufficient... However, there were not many veg options (I would have been more than happy to give 5 stars, had there been).. I did find the fruit bowl to be delightful..  The hash-browns were very good too!! I will most likely be returning.. Thanks for the great service!!
3	Much like any other IHop. The waitress was nice with the kids.
3	The food is usually good, especially pancakes and omelets. It's usually busy, the booths are not that comfortable, but the service is friendly and it's a cozy place. I come here about once a month.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE!! No matter how busy they are they always give great service!
4	I had the Philly Cheese steak with onion rings...it was pretty filling and good.  The service so so and the waiters must have been new or really forgetful.  Over pretty good.  I did notice the blueberry pancakes just had them on top, not in them, kind of disappointing.
3	Average food with an average menu
1	After going to this location over 100 times over 8 years they finally did it. Made a bad enough experience for us to never go back.Service was good, but it did take a long time to get our food(25mins) for not having every seat filled. Only waited that long for food here once before.Iced tea was old and tasted bad. Correction: I was told they were gonna make more. They didn't and I drank water. Must have served the rest of it to customers that didn't say anything.Stuffed french toast was made with stale breadCorrection: Manager that rang us up told us that they sometimes put stale bread in by accident. No comp, just "I'm sorry" 5 times.Bacon was a joke, thin and fatty. Didn't complain because thats just the crap they serve everyone.Should have just went to Bill Johnsons across the street. Bacon is better and of all things, the pancakes are better.See ya IHOP
3	I'm not the biggest IHOP fan but each week after our weekly meeting someone picks a restaurant and this week they wanted IHOP. There was 10 of us in our party for dinner.  Our servers name was Denise got everyone's drink orders and took our dinner orders.Denise seemed to disappear for long periods of time instead of being attentive to our beverage refills. All  in all I guess her service was OK. If the place was busy I would be more forgiving but it wasn't. All in all Denise was very sweet and friendly.On a good note I ordered the Tilapia Florentine ( two delicately seasoned tilapia filets, resting on a bed of spinach tossed in creamy Alfredo sauce and served with creamy mashed potatoes) I asked for a vegetable instead of the mashed potatoes). When my dish arrived I did not see the menu said my Tilapia came in a  Alfredo sauce. I asked what the sauce was and Denise told me ad asked "Why didn't I want the Alfredo sauce  " I replied I didn't see it was in a sauce", She asked if I'd like it without the sauce and brought me a new Tilapia dish with no problems or attitude. What can I say? It's IHOP. Need I say more? Everyone else in my group enjoyed their meals. Sometimes you are in the mood for IHOP like food we were. Our expectations were met and IHOP didn't disappoint us.FOOD: I don't expect much from these types of restaurants so it's a hard to let me down when I eat there. The food is OK nothing special but It hit the spot. SERVICE: We liked the service that was given to us. The restaurant accommodated our party of  10 no problem.  Our waitress was friendly, attentive and efficient. CONCLUSION: The food was  good, typical IHOP food. No complaints on that at all. You get exactly what you expect. IHOP is IHOP, Its laid back, casual dining. The experience is better when you're with friends. The menu is the same everywhere. RETURN FACTOR: 100%]************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
1	Normally when I come here the service is ok. This time I received the worst service. The restaurant was not too busy but our server was very inattentive. After waiting for ten minutes we had to ask someone to get our server. Once our food came we had to hunt someone down to bring us jelly for our bread. We were never asked during the meal if we needed anything. Then when my drink ran out, not only did I ask our server for water we asked someone else and never received it.  Not a very good experience at all.
1	Service here was awful!  Waited 15-20 mins for our drinks.  Ordered our food and waited 50 minutes for our food.  I almost walked out as we got too tired of waiting.  Food was cold, stale, and tasted like crap and they messed up on my order too.  They had some shady characters there too.  One kept drinking his coffee and kept staring at us.  He would talk to himself and would all of a sudden start laughing at us for no reason.  It made our experience VERY uncomfortable as the place was not crowded at all.  We were just hungry and wanted some night time breakfast!  In the end, the manager gave us our meals for free.  Will I come back? Definitely not.
4	Quick service, quick food.  Marina was a great server! She was friendly and efficient!
4	We normally get good service and the quality of food is what is expected at an iHop.
1	My partner and I were hesitant to go to another IHOP after receiving such horrible customer service at the location on Northern Ave near I-17, but decided to give this location a try with hopes that the experience would be a positive one. Well, we were wrong. We showed up at noon today(4/13/14) and there's was one small family ahead of us. The hostess was not at her station and the cashier didn't even acknowledge us with a hello or "the hostess will be right with you." The hostess came back and didn't acknowledge us or ask if we had been taken care of. Two families walked in and she immediately said hello and took down their names despite my partner and I standing right there waiting to she if she was ready to start taking down names. My partner and I were so appalled, that we just looked at each other and walked out. I will never eat at an IHOP again.
3	Would be a better if the new servers would pay more attention to their tables. I sat at my table for 15 before we were offered to order drinks. The food was served fast and was good as always but was not impressed with the service. Had to ask twice for silverware and the sides we had ordered.
2	.Horrible service. It was  if they were doing us a favorDon't  they understand we are paying their salary.
