5	My partner and I were both in serious need of new specs.  While in P.V. mall last week, we walked past Eyestop and decided to check it out.  Very glad we did, because not only was the customer service top notch, but the prices were unbeatable! We bought three pairs of glasses, each with the special non-glare coating, one eye exam + eye dilation and it cost $400.  I consider that a very good deal, since I usually have to spend several hundred for one pair.  Even though they are in the mall, they are independently owned, and that is always a plus!  Oh, and our glasses were done in, wait for it...30 minutes!!! How awesome is that?Louis was super nice and helpful, ask for him if you go!
5	Great Experience.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  They helped me pick out a great pair of glasses and the new lens that I received is incredible.   I will go back again!
5	Great service and great selection of glasses! I did the living social deal and it was SO worth it! Paid some extra fees, but all in all I got a great deal! Everyone is very friendly and the dr is very personable and made the entire experience fun and easy. The front desk people help you choose your glasses by giving you their truthful opinion! I definitely recommend this place, even if you don't get a special deal, the service and selection alone makes it worth it! :)
5	Great service, fantastic prices, will shop there again.
1	This was one of the most confusing and frustrating shopping experiences I have ever had.  I found out about them from a coupon they had which I missed so I called to see what their regular deals were since I needed a new pair of glasses to give my eyes a break from my contacts.They said the special was over, but their regular deal was  $69 for 2 pair and an exam and then there were a few higher priced categories up to I think $199 or $250.  I figured I would end up in the higher ones since I'm pretty picky, but it still seemed like a good deal and pretty straightforward. He also gave me the price for the added contact prescription which is what I really needed, so I booked the appointment.  He was very friendly and clear.When I arrived I was greeted by Louis, although I don't know that I would categorize it as "greeted" in a friendly way.  I didn't get the feeling that he enjoyed his job or customers in general.  After I filled out the paperwork I started looking at the glasses.  First, unless you want to look like Mrs. Claus, your great grandmother, or like you're going to a disco, you won't be at the $69 price point.  I was confused about the pricing on the glasses and asked Louis.  The rattled off the dot system, blue this, yellow that, etc. which I quickly forgot.  I asked him if he had a chart that had all of the colors and prices at which point he rattled them off again.  I figured that I would just pick what I liked and find out the damage after my exam.  Dr. Yerramilli was great.  I would definitely go back to him for my next exam if I didn't think any of my money was going to Eyestop.  Unfortunately, I'm sure this isn't the case.  Suzanne was super.  She actually gave me a card to navigate through the prices of the glasses that Louis didn't think was necessary the first time I asked.  Despite all of the color and pricing combinations, I found a pair that I liked.  I really didn't need 2, but was told that if I didn't pick a second that I would be charged more. As I was ready to just go with the disco ones without a prescription for fun, I found another pair.  Finally, 2 pair with the same color dot, although there were many prices for choosing a combination of dots too.  It was exhausting!  I finally sat down to order and pay and Suzanne informed me that it would be $5/eye more per pair, so $20 because my prescription was just over whatever their price point was.  Really?  I was not told this and it wasn't on the blue, yellow, red, green, if this then that, navigational flow chart I was given on the glasses and pricing.  Suzanne went to ask the Dr. something and came back to say she apologized that someone should have told me.  I then asked her how much for just the exam without the glasses so I could go refill my contacts and it was $84.  Done.  I want just that and I will buy my glasses somewhere else.  I told her thank you, it wasn't personal, as she was lovely, but I was DONE.  I knew that I would end up spending another $250 or more on one pair somewhere else, but at that point I didn't care.  I wasn't going to give them a dime more than I needed to than for the services I had received.  If you like riddles, this is the place for you.  When the wind is blowing west and you're travelling on a train at 80 mph and have a pair of their glasses with a blue dot on your face and a pair with a red dot on your head, what will the price be?  Keep in mind that if you get one it's more than if you get 2 and the prices of each are different.  No wonder I wasn't told about the up-charge.  The employees have enough trouble remembering and teaching customers the dot system to remember to tell them about additional charges.
4	I was gifted a visit to eye stop for myself and my daughter and was able to get eye exams as well as 2 pairs of glasses each.  I had read the previous YELP reviews and was a bit apprehensive when I was setting the appointments.  Suzanne answered the phone and was really personable.  She was just like the review had said, a positive in the experience.  She was able to set us appointments right away that worked for our schedule.The following day we went to the location and were greeted by a gentleman and instructed how to fill out paperwork.  We had plenty of time to look over frames and although the selection wasn't my particular taste, there were plenty of current styles  to choose from.  The eye exam went off without a hitch, the dr was friendly and efficient and it was done quickly.  After the exam we were given more time to look at frames and Suzanne made suggestions.  We settled on our choices and were offered the option of extras but happily, I didnt feel pressured.All in all, it was a very nice experience and I would definitely recommend this location.
2	I picked up this deal on Living Social, which was $39 for an exam and glasses, which sounds like a fantastic deal, but it appears that their normal deal is essentially the same, so it was disappointing that I could have walked in and not wasted my time with Living Social.  I'll keep that in mind before I buy another deal from them.  The good:  I really like the Dr. who gave me the exam, and considering this is a franchise, perhaps it belongs to him?  The lady who helped me was nice, but kept trying to push me into more expensive things.  My glasses came back looking nice and polished, and the lenses seem fine.The bad:  because of the deal the place was pretty packed and they have a goofy system in which you write your info down on a plastic-covered piece of paper with an impermanent marker, which they then erase and reuse for the next customer.  What is this, Soviet Russia?  I was scared to use their bathroom for fear I would only get one square of toilet paper.  I'm all about conservation, but that's ridiculous.  Either get iPads for people to use for this purpose, or use old-fashioned paper!!!  It was silly and hard to use. Their selection of frames is a confusing mess.  They are all color coded in, I think, four different colors, which match four price points.  They are all cheap, as eyeglass frames go, but the selection was really abominable, especially the frames that went with the $39 deal.  I'm not sure what bargain bin they picked through in 1981, but there are some real gems if you are headed to a costume party and need something to match your leisure suit.  The higher priced frames weren't much better, and I ended up using my old frames because I literally couldn't find one pair I liked at any price point.  Their Dakota line would look great with your Ed Hardy t-shirt collection.They, of course (like every eyeglass shop), try to push you into getting the non-reflective coating.  I really hate the green cast of the coating, and so I was pretty adamant and they finally relented.  So I really didn't get glasses for $40, and I ended up paying an extra $85 for polycarbonate lenses for my old frames.  Not a bad deal, but not a great deal, but such is the Groupon/Living Social game.So the verdict is: if you want cheap glasses this is the place for you, especially if you can get away from all the extras (plastic lenses are more scratch resistant than even polycarbonate with a scratch-coating).  I think they must get their frames when other companies go out of business or last year's models, so you might get lucky and get a cool pair, but go and check before getting roped into buying any or getting an exam.If price is no issue and you want cool glasses, then go to Sassy Glasses on 16th st. and Glendale.  Awesome place that's more like visiting a shop in London or New York.  Eye Stop is right at home in the PV mall.One more thing: steer clear of this place on a Saturday afternoon since it's when the no-talent show is held right outside their door.  I want to punch all reality show hosts for convincing America's youth that they might have talent.
5	I bought my friend Elizabeth a gift cert to go here and get an eye exam and a pair of glasses. She asked me to post the following. "Eyestop in the Paradise Valley Mall offers a dazzling spectrum of world class designer frames. The staff welcomes you and makes you feel comfortable. The chief optometrist, Dr. Durqa Verramilli is highly competent, charming, and considerate. The entire experience is a pleasure & visually enhancing."I bought the gift for her because her insurance buys her one pair a year and she said the place that made her glasses did not do a good job and she could not see through them as clearly as she should and they refused to correct them.  Eyestop did a great job of making her a perfectly prescribed pair of glasses she can see clearly through. We are both very happy with the whole deal.
2	Went to this location on a Groupon for $59 for eye exam and 2 frames so I figured I would give it a try.  The location is in PV mall and the 2 times I had called to ask was only given cross streets and not the fact that they were in the mall.  This may have changed my mind on the purchasing of the Groupon as my experience with mall eye locations have always been lackluster, and EyeStop was sadly not any better. The selection was, well, not a selection at all.  The service was very unorganized and unprofessional.  The exam took a whopping 10 minutes total so I definitely feel like my money would have been better spent elsewhere.
3	I really don't see how anyone who has purchased the living social deal for $39 (includes a pair of glasses and eye exam) could rate this experience any more than 3 stars. I arrived and was shown the yellow dot glasses that come with the deal. All except maybe two or three pairs of glasses were wire framed with the nose guards. I wanted plastic without the nose guard. I couldn't find ANY frames I liked, and I am NOT picky. I finally found a pair of plastic Vera Wang sunglasses that were acceptable (of course, they had two blue dots- the most expensive in the whole store!!). Louis said he could easily make them into glasses by adding a clear lens.After my eye exam (which went smoothly... the Dr. is very professional) and paying extra to have my eyes dialated, I was asked to sit down to complete the deal. I had forgotten my reading glasses at home and couldn't see anything. Plus my eyes were completely blurred from the dilation. That's ridiculous to ask the client to take care of everything AFTER having their eyes dialated. I reluctantly, and blindly, ended up paying over $400 for a new pair of glasses plus the eye exam. So much for a "living social" deal!!I waited 17 days for my new glasses. I tried them on and they kept falling off my face. I HATED the way they looked on me.I felt like I had ski goggles on my face! Louis said the lenses make the frames wider so that might be why they kept falling off. He tried several times to make them tighter, but all he was doing was bending the tips in so they pressed into my head and hurt. I was so unhappy!!Now, two weeks later, I am still trying to get used to my new glasses. I love the prescription, but can't get over how nerdy the glasses make me look.
4	My experience was a good one. I received a Living Social voucher for 2 single-vision glasses for $59. The staff were professional and helpful. When I went, the selection of frames was good. I did end up paying about $200 for both pair (one was sunglasses) because I wanted more than the plastic lens the voucher stated. I knew (from wearing glasses all my life) that there would be "add-ons". It's like that at every optical place I've been. This was one of the best optical experiences I had.
2	I've been duped by LivingSocial. While I'm usually quite pleased with my "scores", this was not a deal. In fact, it probably would have been cheaper full price elsewhere with all the upcharges and fees. The glasses included in the deal were suitable for the likes of Sarah Palin and Jeffrey Dahmer, but I like to consider myself pretty fashionable and there was only ONE pair in the whole store I would even wear. My deal included 2 pairs, so I got something decent that I'll only wear on the couch. They were also a day late and then the girl was late to open the store on Sunday morning so my husband was sitting in the mall waiting for her. Pretty sure 11am is a little late in the day to not be to work on time. Rude. I will say that the eye doctor doing the exam was very professional and nice. That's the only plus. He should take his expertise elsewhere. This place sucked.
5	I used livingsocial deal and loved my experience. They were so nice and the Doctor is the best.
1	Worst service ever. Went for an eye inspection for contacts and found out a month later that my contacts were never ordered. So disappointing and now I'm out of contacts
