3	If you're into beading like I am, this is probably one of the best places in Las Vegas for beads and all of your jewelry making supplies. I was a huge fan of Discount Beads on Durango and Flamingo until I discovered this place. They have a whole wall of semiprecious stones, and the other wall is stocked with the cheaper glass and plastic beads. They had a ton of seed beads, tools, spacers, clasps, and anything else you would need to make jewelry.  The selection of crystals wasn't as good as Discount Beads.  Discount Beads has the best selection and lowest prices on crystals hands down.
3	I like to think I'm "crafty" - not like a fox but like Martha Stewart. Sadly, I'm not. I have these whims where I try really hard for a span of a week on mastering an art and then forget about it for the rest of my life. Beading is one of those projects I took on thanks to some goading by Sheila B. So that's how I made my way to this bead store that happened to be conveniently located for us.This place is very big and has literally every different type of bead imaginable. They have a large selection of semi-precious stones (jade, onyx, coral, tiger eye etc) in multiple sizes. Note that most of these stones have to be purchased by the string. They also have some plastic beads as well as all the accouterments a "beader" might need. (clasps etc). You could spend a long time here looking through all their items and making your choice picks. The entire place had about 3 people there perusing the aisles and 2 people manning the store on a Saturday afternoon. A very peaceful and quiet shopping session. Prices are also pretty reasonable. For example, a string of small jade beads was about $10. I have not really researched prices of beads so I'm no guru on these matters but I found the beads affordable. I do believe that this is one of the best places to get your "beading" on if that's the craft you fancy. Large, quiet, unobtrusive and reasonable...you would be hard pressed to find something better here in Las Vegas. As for my entrance into the world of making my own accessories...that venture has sadly ended. On to the next endeavor!
4	I can spend hours hanging out in a bead store.  There is always something new to see.  Sometimes, I want to come in to just to pick up something I don't already have, or I need to finish a project.  But I usually find new items that only adds to my growing list of things to finish.  Today, it's earring hoops.I find what I am looking for and the price is decent.  I think there is so many choices, it's best to come prepared.  Even though I find what I want, I still do a walk around.  I have a limited amount of time to spend here, since I have someone waiting.  They have some very comfortable couches and magazines lying around, so if you bring someone with you, but they aren't actually interested in looking around, they can just hang out on the couch.  I look up to see my husband came inside, and is now sitting and waiting for me.  I have more time to look around!  I guess the heat of the day was too much to wait in the car!I love the crystals and the czech glass beads, they catch the light and the reflections are beautiful.  They have plenty of this type of bead, sold by the string, as well as big bends of the larger, individual pieces for those unique projects.  They also have a large selection of books, beading magazines and tools.  They do offer a member ship, for a fee, paid once a year, you are given discounts.  I do buy a lot of beads, but my favorite store is in Phoenix, so I don't usually buy local, unless I need something, so the membership fee is a little more than what I would buy here in a year, but it's a good deal for those that might shop here  more regularly.
5	Weather you live in Las Vegas or just visiting the Gem and Bead Mall is a great place to browse thousands of gorgeous beads and bead paraphernalia.  You'll always find something there you can't live without and that you won't see anywhere else.  The selection is Vegas Style.  The girls are extremely helpful and very knowledgeable.  The classes they offer are very informative and you can really learn how to make some beautiful and interesting jewelry.
3	A little disappointed. First of all, no air-conditioning! Towards the back of the store I thought I would suffer heat stroke! I think they have an entirely insufficient swamp cooler. Lots of beads but poor selection of seed beads. No leather as far as I could tell but I might have missed it in my run back to the air conditioned comfort of my car. Don't care for the membership requirement to get the best prices either...
5	Uh wow.How could I have not visited this place sooner?????First off, it's located right across from the airport. Pretty easy location to get in and out of. Not hard to miss, thankfully....I hate looking for little hole in the wall spots, where I usually end up missing the turn in, and finding a place to make a Uturn, fighting traffic....you get the idea.This place is HUGE.As soon as you walk in, it's like.......heaven shines down it's light and makes everything sparkle. HOT DAMN!My family and I spent an hour in this warehouse. There is such a selection, it blows my mind. The walls are lined and filled with beads... Gemstones, irregular and carved, to Czech sparklers...you name it.Then, in between, there are tables filled with wire, string, yarn, all that can be sold by the yard. I believe some were .99 cents a yard...make sure that this is what you want...because once it is cut, it has to be bought!!!This place is the cheapest I have ever seen with 22 gauge wire. $1.99 for a decent sized spool. Wire and like things are not returnable. The tables are also filled with different packets of beads (30 grams for $2), strings of beads and gemstones that are on sale.... and pendants. The membership here is around $40-50. I don't remember if the kind woman working said if it was a one time thing, or if it was yearly. She told me that I would have saved around $10 if I was a member today....that's a decent amount of savings, and I'm pretty sure that the next time I go in there (because there will be MULTIPLE next times) I will be purchasing a membership....I think she said you get a credit towards your first purchase as a member as well .Yes, it is a tad warm in there....but it was not unbearable. It was over 100 when we went this afternoon, and we weren't that uncomfortable.******7/5/14******Okay, so today I became a member. For $45 I got the basic membership, which includes a $30 credit with your first purchase, awesome. Because when you think about it, it's like I got 9 strands of beads and 4 spools of wire for $15.The VIP membership is the same $45, you do get more % off, but it didn't come with the $30 credit.It is a yearly fee but, if you want to renew your membership, it's only $15 when it expires.... Holla.
4	Awesome Sauce! How have I driven past this place like a million times and not noticed it? Right across from the airport, this store is nestled into a somewhat desolate strip mall. But I was stoked to find this "Gem" where they carry a HUGE array of crystals, beads and accessories. The gal at the counter was very hospitable and really helped me score my purchases.We ended up signing up for their Membership which gave us an instant $30 off our purchases and future discounts, definitely look into that when you check this place out. I will say though, for the novice beader, I would have liked to buy a smaller quantity. But for the professional, you're in luck!I will definitely go back! I had a great time :D
4	WOW, what a huge find...Right across from the airport, this store is tucked away into a somewhat delapitated strip mall. But without choice I had to go in, I broke my bracelet that someone made for me and with no knowledge of making jewlery myself, I asked the sweet girl behind the desk if she could fix it for me. Without hesitation, she said yes and it was done! BUT, I couldn't help looking around at all the amazing beads, crystals and all the fixins they had hanging for sale, I just felt them calling to me...SO...lots of $ later I walked out with beads, wire and super stoked because I was going to start making some fun things.I did sign up for their Membership which gave me an instant $30 off my purchase and future discounts, which made me even more excited. Can't wait to go back for more!!!
4	This was a pretty big and nice gem and bead store. The lady was very friendly and helpful but the only thing that made me leave 4 stars instead of 5 is that they didn't have any very small and thin chains or clasps. They had everything 12mm and bigger but none of the smaller options which is what the typical necklace or bracelet size is. Overall not bad.
