5	This place is such a nice change of pace from the crappy, corporate tanning places that are pretty much the monopoly in town.  They actually offer shorter packages and don't require your first born and all your banking info just to flipping tan!The owner and employees are really chill, not high pressure sales people trying to shove $80 bottles of lotion down your throat.  They also have a cool assortment of unique purses and clothing.Very cool to see a biz woman making it instead of a corporation:)
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! The Tan Tan Lounge offers great prices along with clean beds and clean rooms.  I appreciate the kind and welcoming staff each and every time I visit.  The lotion prices are very reasonable and they don't try to persuade you to buy crap you don't need.  They also offer a few boutique items such as bags, jewelry and clothing and rotate their inventory often.  No pressure sales and it doesn't cost you a small fortune! I would definitely recommend The Tan Tan Lounge to all of my friends!
5	I love Tan Tan!  I've been going there about 6 months and it's by far, the best tanning salon I've ever been.  The owner and staff are never short with a greeting or smile!  Tan Tan takes very seriously cleaning and disinfecting beds before considering a bed "ready."  Everyone is always friendly and knowledgeable about all bed options.  There are several reasonably priced tanning packages and various other products offered at Tan Tan.   I highly recommend becoming a client!
5	Best tanning salon I've been to. Professional & friendly staff. They DO changege their bulbs.   You get what you pay for at Tan Tan. Highly recomed.
5	Love this salon. I have been going here for over a year. Everyone is so so friendly, the girls know your name ( or try to learn it ) when you walk in and are always chipper. I was able to put my account on hold last summer due to the hot months and not wanting to come tan, then pick right back up in october when it cooled down. No extra charge, no problem. They appreciate your business and it shows. Great prices, great options, great lotions. I don't have one negative thing to say. I would recommend it if you are looking for a low key, professional and friendly place to tan!
1	The service here that I experienced was terrible. The front desk people were rude and offered little assistance. One time, I went into the store and could barely get the attention of a worker because she was watching a movie on a portable DVD player. The worst part about this place is my recurrent charges. I signed up for one month back in April, and am STILL getting charged on my account now in August even though I've asked for a cancellation on three different occasions.
5	Such a great tanning salon!! The staff is very friendly and very knowledgable!! The have beds that work great and their packages are not expensive. I would recommend this place to everyone! And a plus they have a little boutique to shop at before and after your tan!
