3	After numerous bids from other window companies, we decided to go with Energy 1st, even though their cost was higher. We liked the Amerimax and Thermador products and that Energy 1st is local and employ their own installers. We replaced all the windows in our home, replaced a sliding door, turned a window into a sliding door, and converted one slider into a french door. It was a big job. The install was prompt, fast, and clean.The subcontractors who cut the new door were professional, too. However, the finish work and attention to detail was less than desirable. We've been working hard  to have them remedy some crooked/leaking issues on both doors and windows, and though they're willing, the scheduling takes a long time. The trim, sealent, and caulking around the windows and doors seems shoddy, to be honest. But the product is high quality, and the company is professional.
1	This company would not give me a quote for either radiant barrier or  cool wall paint  because my husband would not be there for the appointment! And then I was promptly hung up on. Seems a bit sexiest and old fashioned as I, a female, do all  of the hiring for projects in the home. Not to mention rude, inconsiderate, and unprofessional.
1	I contracted Energy 1st Exteriors to replace the windows and screens in my house in 2011.  They were very quick to get the work started, but one of the windows arrived cracked and some of the screens were damaged.  It took weeks and weeks for them to come back and replace the cracked window and screens, which frustrated me greatly.Here it is spring of 2014 and every single one of the plastic tabs on the screens have broken off and crumbled to pieces when I tried to remove them to clean the glass.  I called and contacted Energy 1st at least FIVE distinct and separate times and they continually ignore me or give me the run around.  Now they're claiming that the company which manufactured the windows is out of business, and my warranty is entirely void.Do.  Not.  Trust.  These.  People.
1	Yep. That thing Erin said.  Don't trust these people. I was sold French doors two years ago with screened side doors.  Even when I bought them I had expressed concerns about having dogs who could damage the screens and was reassured that with a lifetime warranty that there would be no problem replacing them under warranty. After months of back-and-forth calling, even having a representative come out and evaluate and reassure me that the parts would be ordered and installed, I'm now back to square one being told that I would be charged for a visit to evaluate and charged for any work and materials to be done. Finally I'm being referred to the original manufacturer so I guess I'm a lot luckier than Erin and that my manufacturer is still in business!
1	We were confused about how the decrease in our order only discounted a small fraction of the total. Their pricing seemed arbitrary. Then when the windows were installed, one of them was the wrong style!  They stated that we signed the order slip, but the styles of windows were never detailed on the slip- just a window number which we had no access to referring. They practice deception, charge what they want without pricing sheets, and won't honor their service.
3	I decided it was time to replace the entrance to my 1964 townhome.  I wanted to get a number of quotes and called Energy 1st in early-April 2014 for an initial quote.  The sales representative came to my home the evening of 04-09-2014.  He was very friendly/personable, showed me construction samples from the trunk of his vehicle, and explained why I should consider ThermaTru doors. When I told him I wanted a door with a window(s) to brighten that area, he really only recommended one (1) door in particular.  Of course, he wanted to make a sale that evening, and although personable, it was an experience of nothing but high pressure sales.  The cost came in very high, but he chipped away at the bottom line until we both reach a comfortable sale price.  Afterwards, I regretted not shopping around.  Since I was paying a high-end price, I really wanted a door with larger windows (rather than two one-panel windows).  I went to the showroom on 04-14-14 to discuss the order, looked at other doors, and changed my order to a door I preferred.  I was initially told the order would take about two (2) weeks to complete since ThermaTru is located in Phoenix.  The order change cost an additional $67 upgrade.  Fine!  After five (5) weeks, the door was installed on 05-28.  The crew of two (2) was very professional and helpful, BUT, the trim around one of the windows is warped on all four corners (bowed out) on both the interior and exterior.  Needs to be repaired/replaced.  Customer Service acted immediately.  I was informed the manufacturer stated it was a common issue, and we scheduled the repair for 06-05.  The Energy 1st serviceman was unable to repair the warped window framing (as I suspected), and a new window kit was needed.  I was assured that since the manufacturer is in Phoenix, it would only take a week, or so, to complete the job.  I already had a painter scheduled for the finish who had to be rescheduled.  Interesting:  high end costs for a fiberglass door and no finishing included in the price.  I rescheduled the painter to stain/finish the door for two weeks later, and I was just informed the replacement window kit will not be available until 07/11, possibly sooner.  At this point, it will be ANOTHER MONTH for the installation of this new door to be completed with no guarantee the replacement window package will resolve the issue.  Considering the overall costs and inconvenience involved, there is no compensation, of course.  I'm sure the matter is frustrating for Energy 1st Customer Service as well.  So, if you are considering the installation of a new door (or whatever), my recommendation is not to be in a hurry.  This project began with a call to Energy 1st in early April, and I'm hoping the installation will be completed by July 11th in order for my painter to then complete the project when his schedule -- hopefully before dirt and the monsoon affect the final finish. Energy 1st has been very professional/helpful, but it sure takes a long time for a project to get properly completed.  Don't rely on any assurances of timeliness due to the manufacturer being located in Phoenix.  A manufacturer located in China might probably be more efficient!
