2	This place has gotten a new name, a paint job and some giant cards on the wall in the last year. Welcome to Aces! Yeah I know what an original name for a giant food court at the Las Vegas Convention Center. Can you feel my sarcasm?I've been eating at this place since the South Hall has opened up but I will review the new location. Not much has changed! There is still a giant salad bar in the middle at lunch time and fresh fruit, yogurt, oatmeal, cereal at breakfast time. Fruit costs $1.50 per piece. I know but remember were at a convention center. Salads come in large and small and you only pay for what you cram in there. A good bonus for those who know how to pack really well! The only thing the new management added is a giant rope around the whole thing which makes it even more confusing. I really hate it. There is no room to pass, so I have to wait behind indecisive people with there large bags full of literature (they will never read) on there shoulders. I really love that! Again more sarcasm!!!The food is okay...runny eggs in the morning and overcooked burgers in the afternoon. The sandwich shop is good. There is also an Asian option and a pizza option too. The pizza slices are pretty large and greasy. I've noticed that there seems to be a new refrigerated case with some grab and go items. I think that is a great idea because the lines at lunch time are out of control.Once you get into Aces, there is a line for every food station, so be prepared to wait. Oh yeah more ropes too. In fact they set up a switchback that was so tight I could hardly make it down. In fact, I gave up and went around and entered from the front. The people in line were laughing so hard because I made some funny comment about it. They all said that I made the right choice by going that way and they wished they had chosen my route prior to my arrival.The food here is not great. I really try to stick to the fresh salads and fruit, at least I know I wont be bloating on 10,000+ milligrams of sodium. FYI there are not many options around. I've gone over to the hotel and the quality is a little better. Sometimes I just hop on the monorail and head towards the strip and get off at the first stop to find a better option. This place is here as a convience and you would never eat here by choice.My rating is for the quality and choice of food. I do like the employees they always seem really good. They just keep working away trying to get you in and out but they are fighting a losing battle. So my review rating is not for them, in fact I would give the workers here 5 stars.Also the room is really big, so you you can always find a place. I usually always end up sharing a table with others. I call European rules here...so sit with new people, share a table and make friends!!!
2	Like the old saying goes, you can put lipstick on a pig, but in the end you are still making out with a pig! Since the last time I was here at this food court at the convention center they slapped a coat of paint on the place and redecorated a bit. Renamed it "Aces". Woo-Hoo! How appropriate for Vegas. Too bad the food comes up far from aces.The problem is that you are still being served up mediocre food offerings at a high price point for convention center slop. Think bland burgers, rubbery grilled chicken, fake Asian food, and greasy pizza. At least there is a salad option here but that is about it, along with some pre-packaged stuff to grab and run.The one thing that didn't change are the long ass lines that makes you want to kill someone when trying to get a bite to eat here during lunch hours. At least there are a lot of tables here so when it's crowded you can do the hover and grab a seat when someone moves.God, I really hate convention center food.
3	If you accept what you're getting - and considering the tradeshow atmosphere - this place is decent. Extra star for being a decent place to eat. The following cuisine types were notedAmerican Grilled MeatsAmerican ChineseAmerican ItalianRabbit foodI'm a fan of the rabbit food, even though it can be a 15-30 minute wait during peak lunch hour to start building my bowl of bagged mixed greens, artichokes, canned olives, onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, and croutons and garbanzo beans, it's a faster line than the other food stations. Cashier stations are efficient as possible (considering the chaos) - it most of the cashiers are retirees making an extra income. But I normally wait in a cashier line for about 3-7 minutes - pretty typical wait time for here. There are typical tradeshow prices - which is about 30-40% higher than what you can find in say a regular grocery store, or a strip mall, but that is life in Vegas.Normally, the mess hall is filled with every single seat taken when I stop for lunch. What I usually do during lunch is take my food outside and take one of the benches along the perimeter of the building and enjoy the sun. If there's no benches, there's always the grass to sit on. :-)Tip: Please - don't be a prick in while in line. It's a tradeshow - everyone is wired and stressed. People need to lighten up and take it in stride.
