3	Dr. Fechtel is a wonderful Optometrist and I am glad that I stumbled onto his office totally by random selection - he is in my insurance network and his office is closest to my house plus I was interested in selecting Oakley frames and they do carry that brand.  So there you have it, fate.On the negative side; from the time you order your glasses till the date you actually get them is a bit of a LONG wait.  I ordered my glasses on Oct 26th and it is now Nov 6th and still no glasses although I was given the impression that I would have time by last Friday.  I was contacted today and the office rep informed me that it now may be another week to 10 days before they are ready due to some screw up at the lab.  That means that I will have to wait about 3 weeks for a new pair of glasses.  Now that's not that big of a deal for me because I am still using my 5 year old glasses which work reasonably well for me but if you are someone that had maybe lost their glasses and needed them right away, well, based on my experience, good luck.Now let me repeat, Active Eye Care claims that the reason my glasses are taking exceptionally long to deliver is due to a screw-up at the lab and AEC does claim that a "rush" has been requested on filling my Rx.  We'll see.
2	My STAR rating has gone down one STAR.  In my previous post; my chief complaint about this eye care provider was the long wait to receive my new glasses.  Well, I would like to report that my glasses are now here but NOPE, 20 days later and still no word from the Active Eye Care office if and when I may expect delivery and this being after a "rush" was put on the new specs.  Wonder how long it would take without the so called "rush"?
5	Purchased a set of okley's with transition lenses. Angie was very helpful, making sure the frames fit my giant face. Thank you!
5	Recently purchased my third pair of glasses from Active Eye Care. Customer service has always been excellent. I appreciate the good selection of eye wear.
2	The doctor was very nice, got in in a good amount of time and feel like the visit was acceptable. After seeing the doctor I selected my glasses, I was told about this great way they are ordered right from Oakley and how everything was done right at Oakley. I asked them if they could do a rush even said I would pay more. See explained it usually takes 5-7 business days. I was in on July 3 2014 and today July 23 2014 just got them. The lenses ARE NOT Oakley quality the tint is not even to the edge of the lens. I contacted Oakley to find out the aren't even Oakley lenses. Why did I order these and not even get what I ordered. Not happy at all would not recommended buying for brand from this company!!!
4	I contacted them after being very disappointed in the product. I spoke to Kathy the manager and she was very help. They reordered my glasses, I got exactly what I expected on the second visit I am pleased with the out come and happy they stand behind what I was told on initial visit! Thanks
5	Loved this little doctors office. Didn't  have to wait long for my appointment at all and the staff was super friendly and helpful. I came in before and they adjusted my glasses for me no problem. My appointment went over well and felt very comfortable talking to the doctor. Definitely look forward to getting some new specs and shades.
1	Dr. Fechtel is a wonderful Optometrist but I still have trouble with this office.  I went back after 2 years for my exam and as it turned out, I needed new glasses.  Long story short, I now have new gla$$e$ that I can't wear.  I don't blame Dr. Fechtel but I do fault the lens maker / lab.  So now I have to wait another 2 years for new glasses because my insurance allows for an exam once every 2 years.  And one other thing.  My glasses from 2 years ago had Crizal added to the Rx and I loved it so I had it added to my new (useless) glasses for an extra $90 or so.  I have no way to know for sure but I really don't think the new glasses have the Crizal because driving at night produces extraordinary headlight glare and glare from street lights and traffic lights.
