5	4 stars for $90 a night on the weekend & a mini kitchen in my room . The 5th star is for a friend that paid for my room . He doesn't need it. So, I'll add it on to this place. I don't know TMI about the deposit fee's . Give them a ring :)
1	disgusting! Don't stay here stay away! Me and my family were supposed to stay for 3 nights and we ended up staying 1. We read the bad reviews and thought maybe ppl are exaggerating and being picky so we got it but no it's as bad or worse than the reviews! If only we listened. Carpet was filthy as soon as you stepped on it your feet would turn black, even the bathroom floor was dirty right after your shower you could see the dirt marks every where! The mattress was literally ripped and black! There were dust bunnies everywhere with hair and hair pins! It was a non smoking room and it smelled like smoke! The control did not work either unless you were turning down the volume. The refrigerator was filthy! It was just a bad experience I have a 6 month old & she didn't want to stay there either she did not sleep the night and since she was born she would sleep through the night so we ended up staying @ another hotel the best western plus in Henderson! Amazing! It smells so clean & it is! & my daughter sleeps through the night :)
3	In town for work so being away from the "action" was fine.  Booked using Hotwire ($45 a night!) so I felt like I got what I paid for.  The exterior of the hotel and common areas are fine.  The room was a little worn: the carpet could use a good cleaning and a few updates would go a long way.  Bathroom, bedding and kitchen were clean.  I would recommend asking for the third floor .  Overall the hotel was quiet and for the price I paid, perfectly fine.  The hotel is well off The Strip and you can't walk too many places, but if you've got a car or don't mind a cab, the location is not an issue.  There are a few restaurants nearby and you are close to the mall and hospital.The staff was courteous and helpful. I did not partake in the free breakfast however it looked like a decent spread.  If you don't like the selection, Denny's is next door. :)
1	overpriced with NOTHING to show for it. Hall carpetsworn and stained...cheap plastic lights hung hung in disarray.. Room: pubic hair in tub and bath floor..coffee stains on counters...towels as rough as sand paper..bed stunk like an old man.  should be called the Motel 5 because it does not even compare to Motel 6....NEVER AGAIN!!!
1	Horrible experience! Got there at 1 am and the front desk worker wasn't there. The lights were turned off so I called with the after hours phone. After 10 minutes, someone let us in and we stood at the counter and he finally walked up, then told us we couldn't check in for an hour because the computer was down. Finally got to our room 2 hours later! Horrible experience!
1	I have never given a review to anyplace let alone a negative one, however this place made me so upset I felt the need to write one. First off, when we arrived to the hotel they gave us a room that smelled really bad, I don't have allergies but for some reason my nose started itching then I started sneezing so I have no idea what that was. My husband ended up asking for another room, the other room was much better regarding the smell however the furniture was really old with stains, the mirror door on the closet had tape on it so it won't fall apart, one of the lights wasn't working, the pillows has strands of hair. It was just a lot of little things that could of been prevented if maintenance would've taken care of it. With that being said, this is the first and LAST time I'll be staying at any extended stay hotel. I feel so bad for doing this but then again they don't feel bad if their customers aren't satisfied.
