5	I went in to find a frame, and ended up looking at their used Canon lenses. I did some research that night, found a lower price online, and made a deal the next day--they matched my price.In short, the service was excellent and the print quality and prices were a good value (with online ordering).This location seems to have more used equipment and has more printing services than the location on East Washington.
5	I had no knowledge of cameras, I just needed something better than the one we currently had.  I left Best Buy with too many questions than they could answer and a friend recommended this business.  The sales associate took alot of time with us to find the right camera and equipment.  Skip the big boxes and go here.
1	Today I stopped in by the East Towne store for some advice on which camera to buy (Canon T2i vs Nikon D90). I spoke with an older gentleman around in his 50's with grey hair who appeared to be the manager. After consulting with him for about 10 minutes, I asked him if they offered financing. He replied no and I responded back saying that it was unfortunate because now I would have to buy it at BestBuy.  He then  suddenly he lost all interest in helping me, looked directly his watch and said, "Look at the time" and placed the camera back on the shelf and locked the glass window while his back was turned to me. I was stunned to see such poor and disrespectful customer service! In my effort to desperately correct the awkward situation, I asked him about their camera bags.  Without an apology or an explanation as to why he's leaving, he said he'll find someone else to assist me. I was the only customer in the store. As he went to the back room to find the other worker, I left the store. To be fair to him, the man was very knowledgeable about cameras and lenses. However, once he knew I would not be able to purchase the camera, I was ignored. Would I go back? ABSOLUTELY NOT because no one deserves to be treated like that.  The west Camera Co. store has more staff working up front and their customer service is much more friendly, so check out that store instead.
3	So I go here a lot to simply look around and feel out cameras. I don't generally buy things here because you can get most of their products for a lot cheaper on places like Amazon, which I sort of feel guilty about.The selection is good, and there are usually plenty of employees so that each customer is taken care of by one employee during their entire visit. They are really patient about letting you play with the cameras and feel them out. I definitely think buying a camera is comparable to Harry Potter's wand buying experience. Just as the wand chooses the wizard, the camera definitely chooses the photographer in my experience, and the Camera Company gives you time to figure out what works best for you, which you obviously don't get if you are shopping online.More often than not, I have found that although all of the employees are very friendly, most of them are not able to talk to a novice photographer in ways that they will be able to understand. There is one exception: a man named Ray who works there. He was so incredibly friendly and helpful, he dumbed things down to my level without making me feel like an idiot. He was very honest with me about what to not waste extra money on and the differences between similar products. If my only experience at this store was with Ray, I would have given the store 5 stars. With him, I felt very confident that if I had any issues with my camera, or just needed some general help understanding it, I could stop in and get some hands-on help from him.
4	I went in to The Camera Co to buy a camera for a photography glass. I've always wanted a Canon Rebel, so I found a knowledgeable person, David, to answer all my questions. He is an experienced photographer and was very helpful in the buying decision, offering lots of info on the features of the cameras, lenses and camera bags. I could have bought this camera for cheaper from Amazon but I like to support our local businesses. And I like knowing I can go back with questions and take advantage of their classes. Feeling great about my decision, so no buyers remorse!I have also have large photos printed here and framed. Excellent staff, service and pricing!
5	The Camera Company is my go to source for camera equipment. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Dave is fantastic! He will never lead you the wrong way and is very helpful when it comes to buying what you really need. He's honest and doesn't try to make you purchase unnecessary equipment.
2	I need a new camera and wanted to give my business to someone local rather than shopping online or at one of the big box stores.  I went in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday and there appeared to be three people working.  Each was helping a customer when I came in.  Cool.  I'll just take a look at the specs of the cameras while I wait to see if I can narrow it down.  Hmmm....only a handful of the cameras in the case had a spec card on them and they weren't the type I was looking for.  With nothing to look at, I just hung out at the counter, trying not to feel like a tool.  Then I realized that no one had so much as nodded at me since I had come into the store.  I didn't expect them to come running to help me; they were busy.  But no one likes to feel ignored.It was obvious that I wasn't just browsing for fun.  It was clear I was there to look at something in the case and was waiting to be helped.  It would take 2 seconds for one of the employees to glance at me, possibly give a half-a$$ed smile, and say something to the effect of "I'll be right with you."  Yay! I'd at least know that someone was aware that I was in the store!I don't want to jump to conclusions, because the employees were maybe just poorly trained or all having a bad day, but was it possible I was being ignored because of my appearance?  I couldn't help but wonder as I finally gave up and left.  Maybe I'll try the East side store.
3	I bought a camera strap here. One of the sales guys showed me how to use it. I like it, it seems to work well. I am a little disappointed that this company doesn't stock any Olympus products (what I use). I had hoped to pick up a new lens here, but they only carry used Olympus lenses, and their stock constantly changes. I hoped to support a local business, but was unable.
5	After being extremely disappointed with another company that couldn't fulfill my Christmas order I thought all hope of getting the items I needed was gone. They were sold out everywhere.  I found the camera company online and they advertised that they still had what I wanted in stock. I emailed three employees to verify that that did indeed have them in stock. Within minutes all of them emailed me back to let me know that they had them and would happily put them on hold for me. I placed my order and they had it ready when UPS came to pick up 30 minutes later. Not only did they save the day, but I had my order in 48hrs and I live across the country. Their customer service is unbeatable and I would recommend them to anyone.  Thanks again for saving our Christmas!
