4	I got caught at the wrong end of the Las Vegas strip way too late at night to go anywhere nice. Staff at Denny's was attentive for the late hour. Food was typical of a Denny's though.
1	The 3 of us got there at 10:40 am and told it would be only about 30 min of waiting. We didn't not get seated until11:26 am.  Luckily there were a ABC store next door to kill sometime.  We sat for another 10 min before we were greeted by the waitress, she took our order and it took them about 25 min for our food to arrived.  Service was bad and management team was unfriendly.  So disappointed.
1	WARNING!!! FOOD POISONING!!! On 4/24/2013 my hubby got violently sick from their bacons. We ate exactly the same thing till the night before, he went to this Denny's for breakfast alone on that morning, ate nothing else, and came back to the hotel sick, so we know for sure it's from this Denny's. He burped and threw up the bacon taste all day. Also he said the waitress lied they had no wifi, then said the manager told her not to tell the passcode.
3	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Sometimes you need the basics for cheap and this is where this falls into place. Every time I do Denny's I just need a good cheap breakfast, the simple things. Compared to the other buffets and stuff it isn't the greatest but it works with my needs. I don't drink, therefore, this is great for people watching and observing all the idiots with their hang overs clinging to their coffees for dear life.
2	The place is packed when you walk in.... and it is probably because you have to wait fifteen minutes to get the most important part of your order coffee! !! And another twenty to thirty minutes for your food felt bad for the server's he was apologizing over and over stating that the kitchen was backed up.. but the omelet was good and we were not in a hurry... and our meals and drink was under twenty bucks..
5	We just had a wonderful experience at this Denny's. The host was very kind, as was our waitress, Mandy. They took the Fried Cheese Melt off the menu but the waitress was able to have it made. There was some gum stuck to the booth and it got on the back of my pants. I mentioned it to the waitress and she brought over some ice so I could attempt to get the gum off.  She even offered to get it off for me. I was cleaning it off and the manager came over and apologized. He took 20% off our meal and gave us two more 20% off coupons. He said if I had to get the pants dry cleaned then they would cover the bill. It really wasn't a big deal but they were very nice about the whole thing. Anyway, the food was very good and the service was great. I will definitely be returning to this location.
