3	Nice stores. Huge dollar store, convenient state store and a large Giant Eagle.   HORRIBLE parking lot. So tight and confusing!  I hate parking here....especially around the holidays.
4	This is a decent enough spot to do "some" shopping.  I put some in quotations for a reason.  This is definitely not your spot for one stop shopping.  But it does have a decent spread of stores to choose from.Like the name says, this is a town square.  Complete with a post office and tax service center.  Other stores that dot the area range from sports ware to grocery.  There are also some chain stores that pop up in every shopping destination that you stop at.I really love the layout they have here as it makes you feel like you are in a close knit community.  I'm sure if I would have stopped here during a warmer month I would have probably just sat there and people watch.  It's actually beautiful, all red brick, a nice walkway in the center.  Maybe I will stop back here when it is warmer, there will be more people around by then and I won't be blown across the parking lot by the gusts of bone chilling air.
3	I live fairly close to these shops, so I visit here frequently. I am overall not impressed. The food shops are mediocre , and therefore I would not come here expecting to eat. The giant eagle is large and convenient. Definitely you has become my favorite sports wear store in Pittsburgh (even better than the strip in my opinion), Sally's beauty is located here- it's quite small, but convenient as well. The wines and spirits has an awesome selection of products that I often can't find in other wines and spirits, like Carrick's for example. The dollar tree is huge and is my favorite dollar tree in the area. What is horrible about this shopping center is the parking. No matter when you go, it's atrocious. Especially weekends and holidays. It's always crowded and hectic... Therefore I avoid these shoppes when I can and at all costs on weekends and holidays. If you need to stop a few places Monday- Thursday, I would recommend these shoppes, otherwise save yourself from the hassle of their parking.
1	This would be a cute little town center but the parking lot is an absolute disaster. It is super congested all the time unless you go at like 9:00 at night. Besides the Giant Eagle and liquor store there really is not a huge diversity of shops. There are: two banks, a dollar store, a post office, radio shack,  Sally's, a steelers apparral store, credit union, Aspen dental, and some offices. It has somewhat of a dilapidated feel.  It doesn't even compare to other shopping centers like bridgeville or bethel. There is nowhere to eat so if you are thinking of doing lunch and grocery shopping forget it.It used to at least have a Caribou Coffee in the upper level but then that turned into a Peet's Coffee and closed shortly after. What a bummer. Also, the area in general has just gone down hill, it isn't as safe as it used to be. There are always teenagers hanging out in the center of the parking lot at night, I guess because they have nothing better to do. I wouldn't feel comfortable being there alone at night.
