3	There are many bigger and better Harris Teeter locations in Charlotte, but if you live in Plaza Midwood or NoDa, this one is your best option. Unfortunately, the produce there isn't great. And the location is pretty small. It's packed and frustrating around 6 pm, when everyone is getting off work and stopping there to buy groceries. I will say, the VIC card rewards are pretty good. You get good deals, and I got free luggage once through the program.
3	This Harris Teeter is one of my least favorites in town. It's often crowded, and they have less selection than many of the other locations around this area. There's no salad bar or olive bar, and the prices are pretty high. It's the only grocery store in the area if you live around here, so you kind of get shorted on choice if you want to pick something up quickly.They do have a decent little organic section, and they carry a lot of vegetarian options. I've had good luck with picking up my Tofu Pups from here for backyard barbeques, which is kind of a lifesaver. The Red Box is an excellent asset as well, but again, sometimes the lines get out of hand.
2	I'm starting to really resent this Harris Teeter, but it's the closest grocery store to my house and I end up going back there for convenience.   I take home produce and cut into it to find it's spoiled.  Last week I got a package of hamburger that they'd cleverly packed so that it was pink and fresh-looking on the outside and then when I picked it up it was slimy and grey on the inside (how do they DO that?)  And you know, I don't have a lot of spare time to go hang around the customer service counter with my brown mealy peaches or my stinky meat and beg for my money back.
3	Dear Harris-Teeter,The Plaza-Midwood HT doesn't reflect the caliber of grocery shopping that you have always set.  You can do better and I can prove it!  Your stores have above-average customer service, selection, and are consitently stocked.  As a loyal shopper, let me suggest one of two options: expand the store or make it a niche store.  This location is particularly cramped; shoppers like me have to offer akward "excuse me, I'm trying to get to those blessed Twinkies" to other shoppers.  It's hard to tell if someone is waiting in the check-out line or lingering around those endcap toilet paper specials.  I know you guys want to have it all, buts it ain't happening here.  If you can't expand, maybe you could make this a niche HT store- focusing on hot sellers, like 'beverages' or olives n' cheeses.I'm hoping that you'll consider revamping this store.  It's in a busy location, so don't dissapoint the multitudes that visit this store.Sincerely,A Concerned Shopper
2	This is the worst Teeter around, no questions.First of all, whos bright idea was it to put the Redbox in the already narrow  entrance way? Not to mention most of the morons who use it will stand in a straight line back from the machine totally blocking the door, instead of curling to the side to let those of us who are there to actually try to buy food, do so.And thats even before you get in the door, its all been said before me though. Over-crowded, stuffy, poor produce, ok meat selection. The basic layout of the store is moronic (ie. the deli counter area). If I have the time I will drive up to the 24 hour in University, but most of the time get stuck here due to lack of choices. Damn you Teeter!
1	This Harris Teeter has Food Lion on Eastway looking almost like Whole Foods, and that is just sad.First of all, the parking is just unsafe. With awkward entrances and a poorly lit lot to the side of the store, I make it a point not to go after 8pm alone just because of the lack of light and recent incidents involving young women and violent men hiding in/around their cars in this parking lot at night. And don't just think it's me being "scared of the neighborhood". I live in Plaza Midwood, find it a great, safe place as a whole but you can't expect me to walk out to my car, away from the street, with no lights around!The actual store itself is just a holy mess. The vegetable/fruit area is missing items right and left, but the deli counter is the ultimate nightmare, placed facing the ever crowded bread aisle and stuffed with center aisle displays (Krispy Kreme, etc) that just make it flat out impossible to A: figure out who is in line for ordering sliced meat, B: get out without someone hitting you with their cart (blame the aisle size, not the drivers) and C: finding Boar's Head meats. Sadly, this place only carries D&W and let's face it - there's a BIG difference in quality. I'm not sure why Harris Teeter hasn't converted this store to Boar's Head, but it needs to hurry up - the area has changed it's demographic over the past few years and it's not adapting at all.Other gripes include the confusing checkout area as another Yelper noted, as well as the crowded entry way in and out of the store. The only upside? The location!Despite the closeness to my house,  I'm now doing my shopping at Trader Joe's (love love love the place, hate the parking @ The Met!) and Food Lion (largest meat selection and great sales on white meat). So here's my message to Harris Teeter: Step it up in my 'hood! I understand what you THOUGHT Plaza Midwood was - a neighborhood no one cared about, that you could give poor service and selection to and no one would speak up - but it ain't so either change it up or lose the neighborhood to Trader Joe's forever....
2	Hey Harris Teeter, you need to step up your game!Your produce section lacks adequate selection and is ridiculously priced. I do not ever, under any circumstances want to pay $2 for a green bell pepper. Frankly, all your prices are a bit steep and there is no department in which you have the selection to make it seem worthwhile. You do occasionally have mighty fine sales on pork, but woman cannot live on pork alone! Your deli and beer sections are pretty solid, too. But, Harris Teeter, I feel like you could do so much better. You are coasting on the fact that that you are smack dab in the middle of the neighborhood. Someday all the other PM folks are going to figure out what I have: unless I need something ASAP I'm better off going to Bloom, Target and Costco.
2	I usually don't see the point in reviewing big chain stores, but since I'm always at this Teeter and feel pretty strongly about its shortcomings, I figured I'd break my typical silence on this type of business.I will first acknowledge that this Teeter is conveniently located in the heart of Plaza-Midwood. Sometimes I even walk there if I have only a few items to pick-up.  And walking is preferable because the parking lot here is terrible--way too small for the number of people who shop here.  In general, the building is cramped and outdated, especially compared to all the other Taj MaTeeters that exist throughout Charlotte.  Here, the store doesn't even have room for all its products, which often results in displays awkwardly placed in the middle of its already narrow aisles.  In other words, navigating through the store is a real pain.  It just isn't a nice place to shop, and, considering the high prices of Harris Teeter, that's a bummer.  Lately, I've been visiting Food Lion more b/c if I'm going to be in a sketch grocery store, I'd at least like low prices and room to navigate my cart.  I've heard rumors that this facility is one of the "original" Harris Teeters, and that's the reason it hasn't been renovated. Here's hoping that's just urban legend crazy-talk because there is nothing quaint or historic about this store--it's just a mess, and I'm hoping HT is smart and builds a bigger store for this ever-growing area soon.
3	OK - I have always liked Harris Teeter but as others have mentioned, this one is cramped, but hey, it is right in the middle of PlazaMidwood and you can't beat the location.  The fruit/veggie selection seemed above average to me but the protein section was missing some things.  Overall this place is A-OK with me.  I'll go back.
2	Word on the street is that a new super-fancy Taj-MahTeeter is coming to Plaza Midwood...in 2013!  From the blueprints, it looks like it will be quite awesome.  But, until it's arrival, I will continue to hate coming to this one.  Sorry, Teeter.
2	Curse you Harris Teeter on Central for being the only sizable grocery store within walking distance of home! If wikipedia is to be believed (if!) this store is the first Harris Super Market built in 1936 (this is before the great Harris-Teeter merge of 1960, of course).This probably explains not only its fantastic location (which is rather awesome), but its numerous ailments: - Dingy look: yah, I'd say it looks about 75 years old! I never understood the impact of environment on my shopping experience until coming here.- Cramped conditions and narrow walking space: It is hard to get around, particularly if there is someone standing ahead of you. It may be that the original designers may not have considered the wheeled shopping cart (which was also invented in 1936). Perhaps one-way lanes in the store could remedy this?- Sub-par selection: this is the worst. If I have to go to other grocery stores just to get what I need... why bother coming here? Overall, in another 25 years this store would qualify as a history building (I think). Please get a move on that renovation else Plaza-Midwood will be stuck with you for a long time.I give two stars because the location rocks and because you do actually sell food. You are lucky that your slogan, "Your Neighborhood Food Market", makes no claims about being a Supermarket, otherwise we'd have some problems.
3	I know others have bashed this store and it pains me to read their reviews. Also to mostly agree with them.However, since I don't buy the majority of our groceries at this location, my complaints are mostly whispers.First, we hardly shop here, mostly incidental purchases, incidental to our going on a Friday for the $4.99 foot long subs. Which my daughter happens to love.We don't go every Friday (we would if the mini-me had her way) because I like to do my REAL grocery shopping on Fridays. Once a month is more like it.Not only is this location restrictive in what it offers, but the prices are high as compared to where I buy the bulk of my groceries. And yes the aisles are a bit narrow but I don't find it bothersome. We moved here from a big city and I find this location quaint.Alas, the above-average customer service we have come to expect from Harris Teeter employees is spotty at this location but there are some I can count on here to provide a pleasant shopping experience. One is the guy we see most often. Chris is the man who makes our subs. Not only does he make the best subs, he also seems very sincere when he greets you, as he asks how you want your sub prepared, as he wishes you a good day when you're leaving the sandwich counter. Thank you Chris!Unless we are down to bare cupboards or in dire need of sustenance on the way home from the store, I only buy a few sale items at this location (in addition to our Friday subs).
2	This HT has a very strange layout and is cramped worse than an old grocery "wholesale-outlet" cash&carry kind of place (do those even exist anymore?).  As much as I prefer to shop at the East Blvd location, I thought I'd run over to this one to pick up less than 10 items...since it was closer to where I lived at the time.  It took me almost as long to pick up those 10 items as a full trip to East would've taken.  For the love of people's sanity who frequent this location as their "home" HT, I really hope this location is next in line for a major facelift/expansion.  East Blvd is getting one and it looks brand-new compared to this dive-y location.Be warned that the parking layout is next to ridiculous, and actually changed since the last time I went (handicapped spaces on the fence line normally then on the front row the last time).  You may find yourself circling the parking lot inadvertently trying to figure out where you are and where you need to be.
2	if you didn't have to bag yourown groceries and the smell of rotting meat didn't greet you atthe door I might be inclined to givethisHT a better rating! wait, no I wouldn't I wish lowe's foods would build a store on topof this HT!
3	I tend to agree with others that this HT is small and cramped compared to others.  It doesn't have the greatest selection of item; it's missing some of the wonderful items some of the other stores have.  The decor isn't as new, the store not as "shiny" looking as some of the others.  But if you live in the Plaza Midwood neighborhood, this store is pretty convenient.They have the same basic staples as the other stores - a plentiful deli, a decent-sized produce section, a decent meat selection, and a selection of other convenience items (like cleaning supplies and toiletries).  However, they do lack quite a few of their other wonderful quick menu items (like the take-and-bake type meats and side items) and a much smaller selection of frozen items.  Still, it's better than a gas station or other convenience store.I have found most of the staff here to be friendly and helpful.  The prices do seem a little higher than some of the other HT locations, but not unreasonably so.In conclusion, this is probably not the best store for your everyday shopping.  But it is convenient, has a decent selection of items, and has decent customer service.  Oh, and a Redbox both inside and outside, if you're cruising for a movie as well.
2	I love the Teet but not so much this location. While it is the closest one to me I often find myself driving to Cotswold or East because this place is in a word- disappointing.I swear they are out of everything! Almost every time I go I encounter a bare shelf ...especially if its on the e-vic or on sale ( cue visions of the apocalypse :) ) . I already have to go to Trader Joe's first, but now add in another stop at a different Harris Teeter and it just gets crazy....I now dread grocery shopping. They don't really have much in the pre-made section as they are quite small. No fresh sushi or Pasta Station or olive bar. Think of this more as a HT Express and you'll get a better idea of what you'll find here. Parking is atrocious and kind of confusing too. On the bright side, I think they are suppose to make this a bigger location so hopefully they will get their act together and give the good citizens of Plaza Midwood/Elizabeth a nice sparkly location complete with shelves that are full!
2	Maybe I'm used to the Taj Ma Teeter near my house, or simply the bigger ones but this one just doesn't cut it for me. The parking lot is small and crowded, driving circles around for a parking space and then entering is a small hassle though not that bad.The real problem with this location is that it's way too small. There are not enough things stocked on the shelves due to space issues and thus popular and sale items are inevitably sold out. Also the selection is very limited for whatever things they do stock. How sad, variety is the spice of life HT Central!If you're desperate on time and need something really fast then by all means go ahead. But you might be better served spending the 4-5 minutes you might be cruising around the parking lot here to drive down to one of the more well endowed locations if you know what I mean. Yes let us commence corny jokes about size, because really that's all this HT has going for it.
3	The shiny new Teeter is definitely a vast improvement over the old, scruffy Teeter. It's oddly bigger than it looks from the outside, and the occasional surprise diagonal aisles make it possible to lose track of where you are in the store, but really, it's a pretty good-looking store. They aren't breaking any new ground here, but if you need Teeter stuff, all your favorite Teeter stuff is available at the Maximum Yuppie level. I was able to buy the cheap lamb chops and canned tomatoes I wanted, so -- win. I'm glad it's back so I don't have to drive over to East Blvd anymore. The big problem (how did they not predict this?) is the tiny parking lot. It was a cluster at 2:00 on Saturday afternoon, with passengers roaming the parking lot on foot hunting for spaces and staking them out for their drivers. This location is probably not going to be very useful for a quick stop-in after work. Even the scant few bike racks I saw were quite packed.
4	When I think of this "new" Taj MaTeeter, or Super Teeter two words comes to mind - anticipation, and hype.  There has been so much hype and anticipation for this Super Teeter to open for more than a year now.  There has been a slight but noticeable inconvenience to the residents in and around the Plaza Midwood Area that are looking for a decent local grocery store in the area.  In addition, pedestrians, runners, bikers, walkers, crawlers, etc have had to navigate a messy construction site at the corner of Central and the Plaza for over a year now.As far as the actual Taj MaTeeter is concerned....let's just say though impressive, I left expecting far more.  I had heard so much about this roof top area and how you would be able to sit up on the roof, etc, etc, etc.  Upon actually getting up top, there was nothing more than a few chairs and couches.  In addition there was also an outdoor/patio area where you can enjoy a majastic view of the city.  Nonetheless, I expected more.  I expected an large green-way, grass, maybe a cafe, benches, chairs, possibly even a track.  Otherwise, this highly anticipated Teeter has everything you could possibly desire at a grocery store.  The isles are wide.  The beer and wine selection is extensive.  There are plenty of check out isles open, as well as plenty of self check-out lanes.  I'm not going to downgrade them for being out of stock of a new open during their grand opening weekend; I mean its understandable.  Its new, its shiny, and if nothing else, I don't have to resort to Food Lion or Super Walmart if looking for a decent grocery store.
5	Good job Harris Teeter! The new Central Avenue store is really nice. The employees are putting out a lot of effort during the grand opening.
3	Eagerly anticipating this store opening and am very happy with the store itself, the space and the selection. However, the parking is HORRIBLE. The old lot was a bit of a cluster before and I really thought this one was going to be a vast improvement. I don't know if its under-sized or the opening rush has overwhelmed it but parking was harder here than SouthPark mall during the holidays.Regardless, happy to have them back in the hood!
2	Well this is a brand new store, with all the amenities. Hot bars, salad bars, sandwich line, Starbucks. While they did a great job with the remodel, there is no parking still. I couldn't even go the first time because there was nowhere to park. People with out handicap tags or stickers where parked in the handicap spaces. Also being with out a Harris Teeter for a year, I realized just how expensive it is. Honestly, I can't pay $3.00 for a pepper. Yes it is a nice store, and I'm not saying I will never shop there, but it will not be for my full grocery list.
4	4 stars for a Harris Teeter? Well, when you're as close as you can be to looking like a higher end grocery store, you earn it, I guess. I won't bother with the "I remember when....." stories about this location. Sure, it was a great location for PM residents before and (guess what) it still is. They've made some massive improvements, though. The parking situation is hilariously better than what it was. It was awful before. It isn't great now, but it's light years better than what it was. Also, it's clean. Really clean. Coolers, aisles run in both directions, tons of space in the back for the deli/seafood counter(s), and even outdoor/upstairs dining/lounge areas. The aesthetic alone from the exterior makes it stand out. They kind of went with the "old timey" appeal with some of the signage/decor. I dig it. It gives Plaza a nicer, more neighborhood-y feel, in my opinion. End of the day, it's still just a Harris Teeter. However, it's definitely one of the more unique locations in Crown Town.
4	I'm happy to report that Harris Teeter is now up to snuff with the rest of their locations. The store is MUCH larger, well -stocked, fits in nicely with the feel of the neighborhood, and is even eco-friendly. I can actually shop in summer-wear  and not freeze my bum off now, which I am very happy about! There is now a dining area, Starbucks, a much larger pre-made meal area,  and actually way more of a selection than other competitive stores in the area across all aisles. It is a bit pricier than some of the other options (e.g Food Lion/Walmart) and the parking lot is still way too small (which blows my mind as this was an issue before the renovation as well). Overall though I think they did a nice job and I am happy to have Harris Teeter back in the neighborhood.
4	I think it's hilarious that as of today (6/22/13), the photo on Yelp of this Harris Teeter shows the old building.  That place was a wreck.  Or so everyone said.  Having spent most of my life shopping in Jewel, Dominick's, Gristedes, Key Food, Safeway, etc., the old HT never really struck me as that decrepit.  Chalk it up to monkey house syndrome.But now after going without a big grocery store in the heart of Plaza Midwood for months, we have a new HT, and it's radically different than the old one.  Now that the staff have had a chance to acclimate, things are running smooth.  The place looks great, and seems to be firing on all cylinders, or at least most.The down sides are really the same as before.  Their prices, for example, are just a bit too high on many items.But there are a lot of things to be excited about.  Here are a few:1. The outdoor seating at Central and the Plaza is great.  It really establishes the store as a community fixture; a place where people can meet and hang out.  I never thought I'd think this, but HT has become a destination.2. the indoor seating on the upper floor is ingenious.  Especially when you can get all kinds of ready-made hot foods at the coffee shop, asian bar, and pizza bar downstairs.3. Better (later) hours.  Night owls rejoice.4. Great cut-out curb parking.5. Two registers near the Central/the Plaza intersection.  Really great for pedestrians coming in from the neighborhood to shop.6. Great seafood.  Since the new location opened I've been to the seafood counter three times.  I got some wild salmon, scallops, and east coast shrimp.  All were fantastic.  There's a guy working the counter who was not working at the old HT, and he's extremely helpful about telling you what just came in and cutting filets to order.7. Bright, clean aisles.Overall, this is a great thing for Plaza Midwood.  Very happy about it.
3	So, as a Plaza-Midwood resident, I had been anticipating the opening of our store with much excitement.  The futuristic meets Art Deco exterior is eye catching and draws one inside.  But, that is where the charm stops.  The interior looks like another big box store.  For its size, I am not noting an increase in selection compared to the old store.  The parking is terrible, but I do understand that they only have so much space available.  There is an upstairs which I have not seen, but have been led to believe that it is a dining area.  The staff appear to be radiant and welcoming for the most part.  Aside from one cashier, who carded me when I was buying wine and then said, "just kidding," the workers have been polite and helpful.  However, I do believe that the new store s a boon to our neighborhood.  And hopefully with time, I will begin to make fond memories the way I did with the original HT.
4	From the outside and from across the street at Rita's, this looks like it's going to be a smaller footprint Teeter. Once inside, we saw that it's a full size one with all the proper departments including their excellent produce, personal care, meat, frozen and the like. I don't like near here, so it's not going to be my "go to" Teeter, but when I was here and needed to do a shop, it worked out pretty well.
4	Seriously, I could not wait for this HT to finish.  Don't get me wrong - I was glad for the expansion, but I hated driving to the Cotswold store in the meantime.  I avoided this place like the plague the first week (it was insane-o busy), but I finally got a chance to stop out after the initially traffic here died down.  This location is definitely an improvement over the other one.I really love some of the conveniences here.  I like that they have a Starbucks, places to sit, a nice salad bar, and the little hot bar too.  It definitely includes a larger selection of produce and higher-end food, not to mention a kick-ass beer and wine selection (especially since they have a cooler where you can get beer singles).  So far, they still have plenty of cashiers working and a lot of friendly people there.However, parking is still an issue here.  The parking lot is awkward and might have even fewer spaces than before.  Some of the aisles are weird.  The product section is broken up a little due to the shape of the store.  Still, these little quirks are minor compared to the benefits of having a real grocery store in the area again.
3	The new store is obviously an improvement over the old one, but it is still a bit wonky. The parking lot is tight, the store layout is confusing, and the prices are higher than other HT stores. Although, the service was quite friendly and I didn't have to wait in line ... on a weekend.
2	Remember when we were SO EXCITED about the new Harris Teeter? We had high expectations. Perhaps too high?My issues:1. The inside is just confusing. The layout doesn't make sense. It feels like they spent their whole time focusing on some retro design on the outside and ignoring the inside.2. I am convinced that they spent too much money on this HT and that is why THIS IS SUCH AN EXPENSIVE HT. Seriously- the prices are not all the same at every HT.3. So- we were really stoked about this HT because of the balcony. It looks so inviting from outside! However, it is not comfortable. I'm so confused why HT didn't make the upstairs area a little area where you can buy wine/beer. It seems perfect for a HT sub, a beer, wine and some cheeses on the balcony. That is not allowed though. I get wanting to keep "rift raft" out and not wanting it to be a "bar"- but you can still work with people 4. Have you seen those leaf parking spaces? I even drive a Prius and I couldn't figure it out. Apparently it is for high efficiency cars. THIS IS NOT A THING. No one follows it and it doesn't even make sense. It is awkward.5. The Starbucks. It is located right by the stairs. If you do decide to go upstairs to drink your coffee on the balcony it can be awkward pushing people aside from the starbucks line (the building just doesn't flow right at all)
5	I usually come here for a quick lunch. They have a pretty large salad bar, Asian bar, fresh pizza and sushi. I always grab a sub so I don't have anything to say about the other food. But the reason they get 5 stars is because of the variety of food you can get for lunch, which I haven't seen in a grocery store. Granted, Publix subs are better, but since there isn't one nearby, this will do. They also have a decent sized eating area upstairs and I feel like they cater towards the business people who work in the area like myself. Today I went to lunch at 11am. There was no line, and nobody even behind the counter. I think I waited 5 minutes before, maybe the deli manager? came up and made my sandwich for me. He put it in the daily special bag because I had been waiting. 5 minutes wasn't a big deal to me, but I did appreciate the discount.
1	Just went in to get a Sub from this store.  For the third time in a row, the sandwich maker was horrible.  He seemed miserable, incredibly unhappy to be at work.  This can only speak to the management above him.  I believe that they should be aware of their employees' lack of motivation.  All I can say is I look forward to Publix taking over.
4	Clean and Modern Harris Teeter with a large hot food area.They have great made to order sandwiches... the only problem is the line can get really long and moves slowly.  I try to go an hour or so after lunch.  I work in the area so I stop by here a lot for lunch and snacks.The Harris Teeter Brand Bite-Size Cookies are awesome and cheap.What up with the "SECURITY Section A".... "SECURITY Section 9".  I assume there must be a lot of shop lifting but I've never noticed.Also, they have a GREAT Pharmacy.  All the staff is very friendly; I've mostly dealt with Sarah and she is by far the best Pharmacist I've had here in Charlotte (very friendly and informative).  If you live in the neighborhood I highly recommend using them over CVS, Walgreens, Rite Aid.
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  the produce must not be local and seems like it is frozen because it is often not ripe and rapidly rots (the product of freezing produce).  The produce selection is also limited.  There is no bulk section...nowhere in Charlotte, what the heck is wrong with this city?  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
4	I was only in town for a few days but since we were renting a house through AirBnB we needed some basics to keep us going.This Harris Teeter had everything I needed to whip together some decent meals during the week.  The Great:+  The Strip Steaks we got were great.+  Amazing beer selection+  Staff was super nice and funny at the checkout and meat counter.+  Impressive selection of dried goods.The Average:o  Deli took forever to get a scoop of potato salad.The Poor:-  The organic veggies were pretty picked over, and what was left wasn't very fresh looking.Overall a pretty cool place to get groceries and alcohol.
3	Harris Teeter... more like Club Teeter. Am I right?!The good: This is probably the cleanest grocery store that I have ever stepped foot inside of... seriously, you could probably eat off the floor. But, please don't. Okay? -The salad bar is great. All Teeters should have a salad bar. -Sometimes there is wine sampling. And sometimes... they ask for your ID. Let me tell you, getting ID'd can just make your entire day.-Like all Teeters, great meat department. Good, fresh produce selection.-There's a Starbucks. Starbucks makes everything better.-Better selection than the uptown Teet.The not so good: The parking lot here is terrible. Granted, it's way better than the parking situation that was here for the old Teeter. However, I think anything would be better than that.-The layout of this store is incredibly awkward. It doesn't really make sense.-Like all Teeters, some things are overpriced. And, somehow even pricier than other HTs. Cost of the new store? Pay attention to the sale ads. You can get some great deals with your VIC card.
4	I love this Teeter. Great location in the neighborhood, great job with the remodel, multiple entrances, & a Starbucks to boot! Check out the outdoor seating area upstairs for a quiet spot with a view of the Charlotte skyline.
3	I have always loved this Teeter more than most.  The parking is sort of limited, but totally worth it!  The store is kept very well stocked and fresh samples are available in the fruit section daily.  The lines at the cash registers are typically long, but they do offer a self-checkout section.  The produce is always fresh and the wines/beers are always exciting to browse.  You an even buy a case of beer and mix and match the case depending on which local beers you may want to try.  One thing I did NOT like to see at my last visit was a bottle of cleaning solution dripping into the olive case.  I understand they need to clean everything, but the food needs to be removed prior to cleaning.  I am not a fan of drinking cleaning solutions.   Overall, I'd revisit this store time and time again.  Well, maybe except for the olive bar (and I LOVE olives).
