4	I'm training for my first marathon and needed to get fitted for new running shoes. A family member highly recommended Red Rock Running Company. Their fitting process is amazing. They're very attentive and the process itself -- using video of the customer running on the treadmill -- ensures the best possible shoe choice and fit.  I've run a number of half marathons and I've been fitted for shoes several times before.  I admit I've been guilty of buying shoes based on color, style or price alone in the past -- and blisters and pain were the unfortunate result. This fitting, by Brent, was by far the most thorough.  He really spent time with me to be sure I was getting the right shoe for my feet and my running style.
5	My husband went yesterday and was so impressed by the service especially their fitting process!! He is running the marathon again this December and heard about this store and came home with a pair of shoes that he was pretty excited about!    Although I am not a runner anymore I needed a new pair of workout shoes and have been searching in the larger chain athletic stores for the past 2 weeks and have come home disappointed and empty-handed.  I wear a 10.5 in most of the women's shoes so selections are usually spare and I was hoping to find a shoe similar to my ASICs.  I was helped by Juliet. I gave her  my current shoes and after asking me a few questions she brought out 3 pairs of shoes for me to start off with.  All three pairs were better then the dozens I tried on in the chain stores!  I left with an awesome pair of Brooks that has me excited to work out in the morning.  They offer a 10% military discount as well.  We will be buying all of our running shoes from here on out!
4	I've been having trouble with my Achilles while running. RRRC was recommended to me because they specialize in these problems. I found Juliet took the time to size and fit me to the correct shoe. They even put you in the treadmill to view your running stride. As I get older the more help I need. Thanks RRRC!!
4	Great customer service! I went here to get fitted for new running shoes, and I was very impressed with their fitting process. They filmed me running to determine what kind of shoe I would need, then I tried on many shoes running outside in them to see how they felt. Once I found a pair they video taped me running again, and I went home with a pair of shoes that fit great, and I had a week to run indoors with them to see I liked them.The person who was helping me did a great job of fitting me and another customer at the same time.
5	Very impressed!  Learned a lot about how I run and which type of shoes will help my feet stay happy.  Very friendly and great customer service, also priced well!  Nice couple who are runners own the store, so go there and support a local small business!
5	Went to Red Rock Running Co. with my wife, after my sister was telling me about getting fitted for running shoes there.  All I can say is wow!  Josh really knows his stuff!  I think everyone should go there and get fitted so that they are in the right shoe based on their running style.  I probably tried on 7-10 pair of shoes until I found the ones!  Brooks!  I am amazed how great my shoes feel!!  Thanks again to everyone at RRRC!!!!
4	Okay so my boyfriend and I came in here at 3 on a Saturday. The store was closing but the sales associate let us in. Long story short, we did not get the service expected and had read reviews about. We left pretty upset and without a pair of shoes. I couldn't believe it.  We decided to give this place another chance, seeing as how they are the closest to our house and are the few on our side of town that carry the running shoes we were looking for.  So round two was a completely differenct experience. The sales person was extremely helpful, watched and recorded my boyfriends running style and paired him with a couple of different options for shoes. The service the second time around was exactly what I had been hoping for the first time.  I hope in the future that if you are going to let your customer in at closing time, that you give them the same service as you would give a person who comes in mid day.
5	After reading the reviews about this place, I decided to go here on 4/21/2012. I am a new runner and I didn't want to go to a sporting goods store where you don't get much advice on what shoes to get.There were already several people getting shoes fitted when I came in, but I didn't have to wait long. I found out what type of pronation I had after watching a video of me running on a treadmill. I was then given 3 shoes to try on. The sales associate was very nice. I had trouble putting on the shoes, before she realized I was wearing cotton socks. I was given a pair of microfiber socks to use in the meantime.I tried on about 4-5 shoes and was allowed to run outside to try each of them out. There were some shoes that were still difficult to put on, but I learned I needed wide sizes for them. I couldn't decide between two pairs of Asics, so I decided to order a wide size for one of them and have the other put on hold. I'll be back next week to compare the two. All in all, it was a good experience. I would definitely recommend this store to others!
5	I have bought shoes here for 3 years. Service is excellent and they patiently answer your questions. Go here if you want a professional fitting and the best shoes available.
4	This is the first time I went to a professional running store and the service i received there was awesome, the staff analyzed my running pattern and fitted me in a correctly sized running shoe that felt great, I've become a pretty serious runner and I thought it was time to get the correct gear and not "for the masses" type of running shoes i.e. Nike.  I've logged a 100 miles or so on my new shoes and they fit and feel great. If you need running shoes look no further.
5	I've never had a bad experience here; the staff are very approachable, knowledgeable, and helpful. Their running analysis was very helpful in figuring out what was wrong with my running form and what sort of shoes I needed to correct/compensate. Even though the GV location is closer, I will always go out of my way for the Cheyenne location since their staff is so great.
5	It was great!
4	Great service from experienced staff.  The selection of shoes made it easy to choose the perfect shoe for me!
5	Great customer service.  Very helpful.  Made the process of being fitted and analyzed less intimidating for me.  I will definitely recommend to anyone who's looking for a good experience in finding the right running shoe for them.
5	Another pair of shoes, another awesome experience!
5	The only way to buy running/walking shoes!Red Rock Running Company is an awesome shoe store.  When you walk in, you know everyone in the store knows their stuff.  Everyone is way into running too.  I am not really a runner (unless something big and ugly is chasing me), but I like having really good running/walking shoes because it helps my back feel better during my daily activities.  If something eases my back pain, I am all over it!What really sets RRRC apart from the other athletic shoe stores is that they put you on a treadmill and record a video to see how your feet and ankles are working.  You then watch the video with your sales person and they review it with you.  From the info, they then decide what type of shoe you need to correct/enhance what your feet are doing.  The sales person even shows you how each pair of shoes are different and what the shoes are doing for your feet.  When the sales person start bringing out shoes, they will have you try a different one on each foot to see which one you like.   It is like when you are getting your eyes checked, "Do you like option #1 or #2? What about #2 or #3?"  What a great concept!  They don't just have you walk in the store either, they have you go outside and test them around the building, so you can really test them out.I don't know why other athletic shoe stores don't do these types of shoe testings.  I think it is simply brilliant!  I will always buy my running/walking shoes here from now on.  If you need some new sneakers, go try out Red Rock Running Company and find a super comfy pair of shoes for your feet!
5	I highly recommend this place. I hate shopping and I was in and out in probably 15 minutes with the perfect shoes (like running on clouds). The staff is very helpful, nice, patient and there is no pressure whatsoever. I will definitely be coming back.
5	This place is the real deal.  - Friendly, check.  - Great stock of brands and accessories, check. - Knowledgeable staff, check. Did I mention friendly, like go above and beyond to normal customer service to find you what you need? Excellent service. The day I went Sam helped me and not only did she get me into THE perfect pair of shoes, but she also took the time to review my running form.  Since they record you running on the treadmill to check out how your feet hit the ground, she also took the camera to the side and from the front to see what my hips and upper body were doing.  So, not only did I walk away with a new pair of shoes I also walked away with some pointers on how to become a better runner.  Sam also followed up with an e-mail including links to videos/workouts to help me build my core.  Just a wonderful experience altogether!!
5	I had an amazing experience!Sam was great, it didn't matter how busy she was she made sure to take time for every person in the store. The fitting process was exceptional, taking a short video of my form and fitting me in a shoe that would work best for my stride. Even after I picked a shoe the great customer service continued by giving me tips on my form and really making sure the shoes worked for me.I would highly recommend Red Rock Running Company for all of your running needs.
2	I found a shoe that I liked but that is where my positive review stops. The lady that helped me was a girl with short blonde hair. She was not friendly at all. She made me feel like I was inconveniencing her with my questions. I easily would have paid $150+ for the shoes but she showed no care in the world for me as a customer. Needless to say I will never go back to this place because of that woman!
4	I really liked this place. Very attentive employees. Knowledgable and active employees. Shoe fitting was nice. Yes, shoes a a bit more expensive than most box stores but service makes up for it.
5	AMAZING! Mabel helped me find the perfect shoe and was sooooo knowledgable and helpful. I'm a beginner so it was great they knew what to suggest. We will be back!
5	Josh was amazing! He put me and my daughter on the treadmill for our fittings and we discovered we've been in the totally wrong shoe and size! We used our 10% military discount! Love that. Josh took his time and we had fun. Thanks, Josh!
5	Superior customer service. Immense knowledge. Thanks so much for the awesome shoes. And peoples for supporting your troops. MILITARY DISCOUNT!
5	Great store for anyone who runs. They carry brands that specialize in running shoes (instead of Nike, Reebok, etc). The sales associate Bethany was very friendly, knowledgable and helpful. She watched me run and made shoe recommendations.  I am very happy with the pair I bought. Bonus, they keep track of your purchases and for every five pairs you buy, you get one free.
5	I went here this after a friend of mine suggested it to me. I am a complete novice to running as I used to play sports that required cross-trainers and with all the new technology out there I felt intimidated. The staff here was great and very accommodating. I was a little unprepared for running on a tread mill but they made me feel comfortable. Thank you for your service, I will be back!
5	Red Rock Running is the best! Josh was sooooo helpful in helping me find the perfect shoe. Mabel was also amazing -so courteous, polite, and helpful! You really get a sense that  these people care about you and the business. Its so nice to get real help from professionals who care instead of the typical shoe buying experience at a major store like big 5.I love the videoed treadmill - seeing how I run was great because now I know how much I needed a good pair of shoes. Ill be a customer for life! Thanks so much!
5	Mabel was amazing.. She was so patient and so helpful especially since I'm buying my running shoes so late (my very first ever half marathon is on August 31st).. Ran on the treadmill and never realized how I ran. It was a little weird, but cool.. Then she had me try on a few pair of shoes and even had me run outside.. I found the perfect pair.. I will definitely come here again if I ever need running shoes or anything marathon related..
5	I've always loved this store for getting a great running shoe and they keep delivering on my expectations. Mabel was great for helping find myself and my boyfriend shoes at the same time. I went through 6 or 7 shoes before we were satisfied with the ones I liked. Then when Mabel brought out ones I liked she made extra sure of the fit and comfort level. She was super attentive and customer focused and would have kept bringing out different shoes until we found some. My boyfriend went through about 5 shoes and ended up buying the second pair but she was sure to bring out comparisons and make 100% sure he loved that second pair. Fantastic store, if you are looking for exceptional customer service and to spend a little time and care on finding a new running shoe this is the place to go!
2	Why would someone go to Red Rock running and pay more for a pair of running shoes than they would online or at a big chain? Maybe because they're looking for quality service and personalized help in picking the right shoe. At least that's why I usually choose a mom and pop shop to buy my shoes but apparently Red Rock Running only offers the higher price tag, not the quality service. I have terrible feet but I love to run. I'm forever in search of a great pair of shoes and was hoping to maybe find a pair with some help from an associate at this place. However after a two second evaluation and getting a handful of shoe brands shoved in my arms with the explanation that "they're all the same" it became clear I wouldn't have any help on that end. They have a wide variety of shoes so maybe if they figure out how to provide customer service they will be worth a second visit.
5	I had to get some new running shoes as my old ones were causing pain in my calves.  not knowing too much about the mechanics of how my shoe and my specific gait really need to work hand in hand, I was amazed at the set up they have here and how that helps the sales person,  Josh, was able to get me in the best shoe possible for my style. his knowledge was very impressive, he was patient, and informative and gave me options.  He had me on the treadmill at the store and was recording my run to show me how "I Run"... and then gave me the best options that fit me needs. I would recommend Red rock Running to anyone!   for sure go and see Josh!
5	Awesome store! Josh looked at the shoes I had on and provided a solid match with the first pair he had me try on. Fast! Friendly! A solid local small business! I will definitely be going back in the future!
