5	Reliable Banner was fast and very helpful with my printing needs.  Their experience and customer service helped me choose the right sign for my needs.  And I kept getting compliments on the sign!!!  Thanks guys!!!
5	Mike at Reliable Banner came through for me when I needed some last minute graphics and banners made for a trade show that I had in Las Vegas.  The quality of their work was top notch and I would recommend them to anyone with printing needs!  I will definitely use them again!
5	I have been a customer of Reliable Banner for a few years now, and I always receive fast and friendly service that results in good quality banners.  They truly do stand behind their name and I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	I needed a banner for my friends birthday party and had little time to get it done. I called Reliable Banner and their service was phenomenal! Chris gave me a reasonable quote over the phone and I received an art proof the same day from Desirae. I was able to pick up the banner ready to go the very next day and everyone loved the design! I was very impressed with their customer service and couldn't believe how fast they were able to make my banner happen! I would recommend them to anyone and know that you will get great service and quick turn around time. I know who I will call next time I need a banner or sign.
5	My company uses reliable banner for a majority of its printing needs. I have had large banners made, flip signs, mission statement boards etc done by them. I love their work always high quality and fast service, I can reach them by e-mail or phone the majority of the time and I get a quick response.  prices are comparable depending on what you want done. I made a mistake and did not proof read once and ended up with some spelling errors but that was my own fault. The location is central very easy to get to. Its a small business not a chain so I get that added care touch. I recommend them to all my family, customers and friends.
5	Everybody at Reliable Banner has been great to work with! Their professional and get the job done quick. We have used them for our company's business cards, signs, postcard mailers, & company logo design. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	Desirae and the team did a great job of our signage and guides for a small Vegas conference.  They accommodated our deadlines and budget, and even reprinted two signs that had errors on the day of delivery.  I would definitely use them for any of my future printing needs in the Vegas area.  Thanks!
