5	Caramel EXPERTS! !! !!!  Hawaiian Salted Caramel!  Before eating the Caramels here I never knew how good Caramel could be! How about a Bottle of Wine Dipped in Chocolate! !! !!!Chocolate in Ballantyne!  As I was walking in I saw Greeting Cards and for a second wondered if I was in the right place!  Then I see the cases of Chocolates and Cookies and cake bites covered in Chocolate and now they have Wine Bottles cover Chocolate!  That is a real bottle of Wine wrapped, dipped in Chocolate and wrapped again. My first visit I had a Chai Tea Truffle! This one was very good!  Dark Chocolate Truffle with a Super Dark (bitter maybe 85%) shell and a "Yes I would get it again" delicious filling!  I did not get the names of all of these, though could tell many seasonal flavors like "Spiked Egg Nog" and "Gingerbread".  They will continue to add flavors for different seasons.  Hot Pepper infused Chocolate Truffles, last week was Hot Tamale, this week Habenero, both Fantastic!The Staff are very friendly, a pleasure to talk with.  They are serious about Chocolates and service and very open to ideas.  The Owner works here and is committed to making everything as excellent as they can!  Cookies dipped in Chocolate, Cake Bites (one called Wedding Cake), Coffee, Hot Chocolate includes House made Marshmallows, Coffee, and Truffles all made in House!  The Greeting Cards are the more unique variety and made locally!Though this is not a coffee shop the Owner has some great ideas for a unique cup of coffee!2-14-2013Best Red Velvet Cake!!!  Cake Bite wrapped in White "Chocolate" and the Macaroon Version!!!  Until now I never knew how Fantastic Red Velvet could taste!
5	I recently discovered Think Chocolate and I have been a regular ever since. Their assortment of small, heavenly, hand made chocolates are the perfect pick me up. The staff is always so friendly and helpful. On my last visit, I had the Hot Chocolate with homemade marshmallows - it is truly one of the most delicious things you will ever have.This Charlotte treasure is a must for any chocolate fan. If you're not yet a fan, try Think Chocolate and you soon will be one!
4	Simply decadent. Their artisan chocolates don't come cheap, but they shouldn't. I've had the habenero, bourbon, raspberry, and spiked coffee varieties and they were all eyes-roll-back-in-your-head-good. I can't wait to go back to try some of their chocolate dipped cakes and brownies. They also sell some prepackaged chocolates from the Quintessential Chocolate Company which through some magical chocolatiering alchemy produce liquid filled chocolates. And by liquid I mean, liquid, not syrup or any other kind of filling. And by liquid I also mean, red wine or bourbon or scotch or tequila or champagne or... well. Just go look. If you're lucky, they might have a sample or two available.
5	Fantastic chocolates, they melt in your mouth.  Very happy with the assortment.  The owner has a wealth of information when it comes to the subject of chocolate.
4	Think Chocolate is owned by some great people. Very nice and helpful. Love what they're doing and that everything is being made in house. Got a chance to try a small box of their small morsels. Homemade marshmallows were great. Bad thing is, you can never remember what everything is in an assorted box of chocolates! Good thing is, I can't remember disliking any of them. All is well in the world of homemade chocolate. The chocolate they use is great quality. Can't go wrong when it's paired with a little love in the kitchen. The coffee machine they have there is ridiculous! Looks like something from NASA. Makes a damn good cup, too. Give it a try. Lots of postcards and other nicknacks available for purchase here as well. Kind of odd, but cool. Stick to the chocolate in my opinion. Great little spot. Strike up a conversation with the owner. She's great!Definitely worth a visit or the occasional needed box of chocolates.
2	I'm a picky dessert eater and I had high hopes for this place. The guy working there didn't come across as passionate for chocolate. The store is full of strange nic-naks like cards and accessories. The chocolates I ordered were delicious but they were presented to me on a teeny-tiny napkin... not even a nice napkin. I was offered a drink with it and when he mentioned "hot chocolate" I asked how it was made since I used to barista at a coffee shop. I can't recall exactly what he told me but it wasn't appetizing. I think it was just hot water and a packet... awkward. I would suggest steaming some milk and using a homemade sugar, cocoa combination... something a little more authentic feeling. The interior needs a facelift I think. It just wasn't appealing to me as a woman. I may come back for a little treat but its not for certain.
5	In the mood for chocolate?  or Caramel?  then jump in your car, and do not stop until you find Think Chocolate.This is a cute little boutique chocolate place where you can find super yummy chocolates, caramels, and a few baked goods.  I'm a huge fan of chocolate and caramel and for me, this is the best you can find in charlotte, heck, anywhere i've been thus far.  She had a coconut caramel macaron that she suggested we try, and boy am i glad she did.  These were exactly the way macarons (not to be confused with macaroons) should be.  Crunchy outside with a chewy inside, and the flavor is like a little party on your tongue.The owner was super nice and gave great descriptions of the different chocolates and goodies that were there.  I can't wait to go back!
4	Will keep this one quick as I have only tried 2 chocolates.  The brownie covered in chocolate is a 5 out of 5 no doubt.  Crunchy on the outside, moist and tasty on the inside.  I also tried the marshmallow one, not really my cup of tea per say.  I get the idea, kind of like a smore, but I need my marshmallow to be liquid and browned for that to work out.  JMHO.
4	Think Chocolate, a sweet spot located in Ballantyne offers handmade chocolate, baked goods, coffee and gifts.The chocolate lover's dream shop is a labor of love of owner Ruth Faure and features homemade treats ranging from cookies to macaroons to cake bites, croissants and more. The chocolate list is vast and delicious and other items not to be missed include the caramels and crumb cake. You can even grab a frozen hot chocolate drink or homemade marshmallows, if you'd like. And if coffee is all you need, you can grab a cup of joe brewed in house with beans from a local coffee roaster in Charlotte. In addition to the sweet treats, Think Chocolate offers gifts that range from cute mugs, chocolate dipped wine bottles, journals and a variety of items with a Charlotte flair created by local artisans. Think Chocolate also does custom catering for all types of events.
5	Couture chocolates, fun gifts - Think Chocolate!Can't speak too much to their delicious treats since I've only had their custom chocolate covered marshmallows (which will make any other marshmallow be inferior for the rest of your life, it's that good), but they've got everything from home made oreos to truffles to peanut butter cups and more. Anyone would love a little box from here!What I go to Think Chocolate most for is their great selection of cards and gifts. Humorous, intelligent, local, variety - all cards here are quality and unique. I've also purchased little gifts for loved ones here and they've all been great quality. With a limited wine selection, Think Chocolate is an awesome shop tucked in Ballantyne and definitely worth a stop for a sweet treat or gift!
