5	yiolanda is the best estetician.  her expertise in brazilian waxing is of the highest regard.  she makes it very pleasant, comfortable and easy for you if you're nervous about having it done.  i highly recommend her and have been seeing her for the last 5 years,
1	I have always gone to Ulta salon to get my hair cut. I will never go there again! I had made an appointment to get my hair cut a couple of weeks ago. I went into the place and said why I was there. The  lady at the receptionist desks tells me " the hairstylist could not make it  and could we change my appointment for either a later time or date." I said, " well I would really like to get it done today." I had other plans the following days, so the only other day I could do it would be Monday. I then said "there is no way you can fit me in now." She flat out said "no" when I walked  in she was just standing there lookng on the computer, not really doing anything. Needless to say I was livid. I had never been trerated that way at a place of business. I walked of and put my hand in the air to wave her off and said "ok, cancel it!" I know other people heard me because their heads turned. I did how ever go to Super Cutts in the same shopping center and got my hair cut by their manager who was wonderful and met every ounce of my needs plus, I saved ten dollars. Lesson learned, sometimes the higher style salons are not what they are  cracked up to be.
5	Lizzie is an AMAZING stylist. Service is good, and I like the variety of products offered. Great rewards program too!I recommend making an appointment for services. They offer a variety of services for hair, nails, and waxing.
4	I've loved Ulta for years. The Ulta brand is great for the money. I have nail polish, eye shadow, gel eye liner, blush, and tinted lip balm from them and I love it all.They're good for guys too. My boyfriend has purchased cologne and hair products before.For beauty needs they'll usually have you covered. I say usually because sometimes they can be low in stock.Sign up for the rewards program. It's worth it!
4	Super helpful staff and it was not super crowded on a Saturday morning!
5	I've been to the Arrowhead location a few times, I decided to try this one because of a less than stellar experience I had with the staff at the other location. I will now be going to this one, the store is either larger than the Arrowhead location or just set up better but it's brighter and more organized, and it's way easier to find stuff.
1	I have been here many, many, many times and they seriously never have ANYTHING in stock! It's getting annoying and old! This one and the one on Camelback are always sold out of their popular products (Anastasia Beverly Hills, Too Faced, etc). HOW ANNOYING!!! Get your ish together Ulta!!!!! It's a waste of my drive and time to come to your store! UGH!
