4	One of the finer hotels in Madison, this place is located on the shores of Lake Mendota.  If you're traveling here on business, you can do a lot worse.  Though to be honest, I've never seen the inside of one of their rooms. The draw for me is the dockside bar.  Nice beer on tap.  Tasty snacks.  Ideal setting.  Waitstaff could be a bit more friendly but it takes a lot to sour me when I'm sipping Lake Louie while the sun sets over the lake.
5	I also know nothing of their accommodations, but what I can say is that this place has one of the most classic lakeside decks anywhere.  You can sit out playing cards and drinking cocktails under the umbrellas all day on Lake Mendota.  Of course, being one of the classier hotels in Madison, that would cost you a pretty penny.  They also have a very elegant dining room designed to maximize the views of Lake Mendota with huge floor to ceiling windows.  Mom and I had Thanksgiving dinner here one year, very nice.
5	Truly a Madison classic, this lovely hotel is its own local icon.  Having gone to school at UW, I'd always walked past it and heard people talking about its charm and amazing lakeside views, but living on campus I never really had occasion to stay there.Fast forward a few years, when my boyfriend whisked me home for what I thought was my incredibly generous birthday weekend, with a night at the Edgewater & dinner on the town.  Despite the fact that it was a mildy chilly 0 degrees out (literally) and therefore not stellar for sitting outside on the lakeside terrace enjoying a drink; nonetheless, our experience there was fantastic.  For reasons still unknown (maybe because it was the off season and they weren't extremely busy?) we were randomly upgraded to the "Royal Suite."  Royal indeed... a giantic living room with windows overlooking the lake, a separate bedroom with a dressing vanity, a large bathroom with a jacuzzi bath and separate glass shower... I coudln't help but size things up and laugh when I realized this room is bigger than our (cozy) SF apartment.  The decor definitely isn't ultra modern, but fits the theme of the historic hotel perfectly(an actual painting graced the walls of the living room - not just those cheesy posters they nail into the plaster).  The staff were all very friendly and helpful, and it seemed like the hotel's facilities for meetings and receptions were beautiful.Later that night after dinner at Le Chardonnay, my boyfriend asked me to MARRY HIM.  Eeee!  So, needless to say, my stay at the Edgewater was exceptionally memorable.  With my amazing fiance by my side & a rock on my hand, I most definitely felt right at home in the Royal Suite.  =)
4	The first time I visited Madison was for a job interview and my employer put me up in the Edgewater.  Unfortunately, I can't recall my room having a lake view, but the accommodations were pleasant and front staff helpful.  After getting picked up at MSN in the Edgewater limo (how pimp is that?), I ducked into the bar for some late eats and to see what was going on.  Strangely enough, there were a gaggle of dentists in semi-formal wear celebrating the end of a dentist convention.  I didn't stick around too long.  Food and drinks--good.  Hotel--good.  4 stars.
3	Did the Christmas buffet, $110 for two adults and a child.  Food was excellent but the service was not so great.  Our waiter took over ten minutes to return with our drinks and was very slow to show at our table afterward.  When I asked for a refill it never arrived.  We may try the restaurant again... Maybe
3	Went here on a pretty snowy night from Milwaukee with the future in-laws.  We didn't have great directions, but after texting GOOGL and getting the number, they gave very simple (and accurate) directions.We sit down, and there is kinda a lake view except for the snow and the dark.  It cleared up later so we could see some distant lights and that was nice.  The dessert menu is out at the beginning, because if you want Bananas Foster or Cherries Jubilee or Pches Louis or other flambed dessert you need to order it at the beginning of the meal.  They all looked like they had vegan potential (minus the ice cream, and in the Bananas Foster, butter as well), but the kind waiter said that they would be too concentrated with just the sauce.  Oh well.The food here is French, but this being Madison they did have one vegetarian item on the menu (pasta with a creme sauce).  They made it vegan with coconut milk for us and it was pretty good.The service was pretty good, atleast from the main server.  The other attendants seemed to mix things up a bit sometimes.  It was a slow meal, but that is how they do things here intentionally.So, high marks for service and for trying for veg, and for the show of making the food, but I didn't really leave too satisfied, so low marks for that.
5	Everything I like in a hotel even if it's not a Hilton - ridiculously friendly staff, comfortable (if dated) and clean rooms (yes - you can still get a smoking room!), 24 hour room service, very good restaurants and, what kicks this place into 5 star category, beautiful views of Lake Mendota upon which the Edgewater sits.Very retro - I'm not sure this place has been updated in the last 40 years, it looks like the kind of place my grandparents would have loved.  That's a good thing in my book, this elegant old lady wears it well.  High speed internet in all the rooms, spacious suites, coffee makers, mini-bars, all the basics.  These rooms are impeccably clean, something I'm fussy about with all the time I spend in hotels.  Get a suite overlooking the lake - the views are astonishing! Staff is great - I got loaded the last time I was there and got lost trying to get to the lake (with a full bottle of wine, no less) and then back to my room and they pretended like I wasn't hideously in the bag. Muy old school!  Be sure to have dinner at their upscale dining room, the Admiralty, where they often have local game on the menu.  I had the best venison dish I've ever eaten there a few years ago. The Cove Lounge is a pretty decent bar/snack type place as well, and the Pier looks as though it would be lovely if I ever stayed there in the summer.A bit faded? Sure. Are there nicer hotels in Madison? Yup.  Can you get the same experience anywhere else in town?  Hell no ~ for service, location & comfort, The Edgewater can't be beat.
2	I have no idea how this place stays as popular as it is....Location...location...location.I have never experienced such bad administrative staff or lack of concern and I've stayed in plenty of Super 8s in my time. The restaurant (Admiralty Club) is actually quite good.
4	Great hotel - nice staff, very clean, lots of stuff to do here and nearby
5	I never stayed in the hotel here, I just visit the bar RIGHT on the lake. It's like you're on vacation when you visit Edgewater's bar. There is no better place (beside the terrace at the student union) to enjoy a cold one in Madison. Service is quick and friendly and they have Spotted Cow on tap :) Their food is pretty decent and the prices are just right. Try a bloody Mary, they give you Spotted Cow as a chaser and the mix is nice and spicy.
4	Went to the bar before a nice party. Has everything I love about Wisconsin: Great view, friendly people, strong drinks.  Upscale dining or appetizers at the bar are options, but we just drank. Definitely coming back here to eat a full dinner with my boyfriend sometime because of the lovely atmosphere.  Not sure about the hotel part, but I imagine the views from those rooms must also be breath-taking.
2	As a business traveler I've stayed in many hotels and know what to expect.  The Edgewater is a privately owned hotel built in the late 50's with an addition in the 70's.  I very clearly shows its age and from what I can tell the hotel is actually trying to go for that "vintage" feel.  Which is okay but could be done better.I have learned the the Hotel is trying to renovate and expand in the future but is meeting some resistance from the local neighborhood and "historical" society so that may explain the lack of renovation.The Rooms:  The view is lovely, the rooms are clean.  The decor is dated, they use standard 20" CRT Televisions, they do have free high-speed internet (DSL), their bathrooms are most certainly dated with old plumbing.  Beware if you are over 5'6" and intend to take a shower, the shower head will come to your forehead or below. (It's at my chin on me and I'm 5'10")The Dining:  They have 2 bars and 1 restaurant.  The Patio Cafe is down at the lake shore and has a floating dock on which to dine.  The fare is standard "americana" and the drinks are too.  Nothing special here but the prices are a bit high in my opinion for what is offered.  (Drinks $5 - $10, Food $8 - $15)I have not yet dined at The Cove Lounge (bar) so I can not comment on the service thereThe Admiralty is the main restaurant of the hotel.  It overlooks the lake with large floor to ceiling windows.  It is fine dining but its fare is nothing special.  Food quality is good but don't expect to get anything you haven't had before.  Breakfast cost about $8 (including tip) to have an English Muffin, Orange Juice, Coffee, and a glass of water. The Staff:  So far I have found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable for their tasks.  Most of the staff is college aged or recent college graduates.  It does appear to me that maintenance is an area where they could use to focus more time and energy.  I find many "sloppy" fixes throughout the hotel, windows that need to be cleaned, walls damaged, etc.  (For example, while dining for breakfast at The Admiralty I had a lovely lake view but was a little put off when the outside of the window was "covered" with spider webs and spiders actively crawling along their webs, not exactly an appetizing sight.Overall:  It's a good hotel that is trying to be a luxury hotel but not quite making it.  Hopefully they will be able to perform their expansion and upgrade and I will be happy to try them again.  Until then I probably wouldn't stay or dine here again after their renovations.
4	I came here about a year ago for a friends wedding dinner and it was a great place to grab a feel of Madison's upscale food scene and i can say that honestly i am a big fan of venison and the cheese is amazing!  the local cheese is the best, taste it all if you can. the local beer is also a great taste the "spot of cow" was my favorite.............. i would have never thought that i would have fallen in love with a city so fast and i wish i could have stayed longer.
3	Stayed here with my wife for a weekend in Madison.  The Edgewater hasn't changed much in the 15 years since I graduated UW and my parents would stay there on visits.  This, I would say, is both a good and a bad thing.The Good:- Phenomenal location- Fairly priced, considering the location- Easy walk to Capitol and the NE end of State Street- The view from lakeside rooms is unparalleled; you literally have to press your face against the window to see the ground, you are so close to the waterThe Bad:- Two frat houses right outside our window made for a few unpleasant wake-ups in the middle of the night- Thin walls had our neighbor knocking on our door because the television was "too loud"- The rooms were blisteringly hot, and the in-room air conditioners don't seem to be terribly effective, despite their immense size- Cracked windows and peeling wallpaper in the rooms- Only two towels in the room?- Few amenities- Nightly "turn down" service that seems to be a bit of an unnecessary  holdover from an earlier era
3	My husband and I took a short road trip to Madison for Memorial Day weekend. I found a decent price online for the Edgewater and was thrilled to have a lakeview room. The hotel is old, not the nicest I've been in, but its history was not lost on us. The common areas smacked of old school glamour. We loved having drinks on the Pier, overlooking Lake Mendota on a nice night. Rooms were very clean, but I have a weird thing about ugly bedspreads and lawdy, those bedspreads could've used a facelift. Sorry, just me. I would stay again, though. Location really can't be beat.
2	The service and view are great. We found the food to be mediocre at best. Way overpriced for the food quality.
2	Trundled down to the old spot in search of some kind of elegance for a Thanksgiving out. Wasn't what we found.First clue is the mural of 8x10s signed by stars of yesterday and...even farther back. Look, there's someone from Petticoat Junction! Hey, remember that band from the 80s? The bar looked like a fun place to hang out and drink watered down Old Fashioneds while looking out at the (dimming) view of the lake, but I was there for the buffet. Would have preferred to be seated in the nicer seats or the banquette sections, but got slotted into the "private function" room - about as far back into the maze of the restaurant as you could go. Ah well, someone had to do it. However, I was a bit shocked to discover folding tables and chairs set up with tablecloth and silverware. Nothing says "trying to wring out every penny" like fake glamour. Anyway, on to the food!The buffet consisted of a warm food station (a large U shape with a multitude of chafing dishes), a kind of garde manger station of salads and cold foods, merged with a small selection of warm appetizers, a "juice bar" and a large table of pies. The meats were mostly well prepared. Commendations to whoever in the kitchen had the job of doing the meat right! Carving stations for turkey breast and ham, plus dark turkey meat and beef in Chasseur. Previously frozen cod in lobster sauce and a chard-stuffed ravioli weren't as successful as they could have been. Couple of flavors for gravy, plus rice pilaf, stuffing, sweet potatoes, mash, green beans and corn. Reasonably happy with this, though a bit underwhelmed with the vegetable selection. No brussel sprouts? Winter asparagus? The salad station was rather sad. A short list of the usual suspects - spinach and a grean/romaine mix, plus bland raw vegetables cut. A bowl of croutons. A quinoa salad and a trainwreck of slivered carrots with raisins and some kind of watered cream style dressing. On the flip side, fried mozzarella sticks along with breaded and fried mushrooms - probably straight from the food suppliers freezer to frier! - and a rather nice dish of artichoke hearts wrapped in exceedingly well prepared bacon. A sordid large salmon - whole and overbaked to the point of dry flakiness - presented its carcass as a reminder of what had passed before our arrival. And lastly, a sad selection of machine made pies, coupled with an ambitious "chocolate mousse" in a glass. Except it was more like chocolate pudding mix swirled around a whipped cream style topping and piped into a wine glass. All this extravagance for just under $40 per person! And I had to serve myself. Really, it was more like Sheraton prices for Holiday Inn food. Denny's would have been a safer bet.Ah well, I can check it off the list of local institutions I "must" visit.
2	So disappointing...it is supposed to be one of the top luxury hotels in Madison but seems to lack luxury. Good - Entrance, Bar, Restaurant all seem welcoming and very snazzy - beautiful lake views.  Bad - Rooms (Jr Suite is where we stayed).  Reminds me of a days inn or something sub-par.  Fridge was warmer than ambient air temperature.  TV's are still tubes.  Couch/furnishings are completely worn out.  For $200+ per night you'd expect luxury not motel.  If all the rooms are similar to this - please put a little money into your rooms.  If you are wanting a luxury hotel experience, please look elsewhere.  I understand that this hotel is from an "era", but I would expect it to keep up with the luxury hotel market as well.  My recommendation  - stay somewhere else.
4	Decent place. The Beef Wellington was flawless. The drinks were well done as was the ribeye. The flaming desserts (Bananas Foster) were tasty and the presentation makes for good theater. The bar looks like a great singles spot for the over-40 crowd. Unfortunately, eating at night means you'll miss the great lake view. The ambience is a little off--the wallpaper is faded and water-damaged in spots, but still a nice place.
4	Stayed here for a wedding last weekend. Was around $190 for a 2 bed room.Nice location at the end of Langdon. For those not familiar, it's easily walkable to campus, the capitol, the lake, State Street...)Beds are smaller than typical queensDecor and building itself is older but kept clean and niceNice large bar and restaurant areaOur room was right on the lake (see photo)TV and other amenities were pretty outdated but shouldn't matter too much unless you're planning on hanging out in the roomFood and service for the reception (~110 people) were good (salad, vegetables, sweet potato fries, salmon, chicken, beef, etc.) as were the desserts. Also had a brunch the morning after in the Rigadoon Room. Beautiful view of the lake but had a very odd (bathroom like) smell in the room. Coffee was less than luke warm and I wasn't super impressed with the food selection (pastries, fruit, cheese topped baked potatoes, quiche...) but I'm sure there are other options.
