5	This is not where the games are played, they are at the stadium about 15 miles south of Charlotte (exit 88 from I-77 in South Carolina).The stadium is a nice 10,000 seat ballpark, no seats are bad seats. There's grass areas along the outfield foul areas for picknics, or for the kids to play around at when they get bored of the game. I went for a night game, and when the game ended after 12 innings, we were treated to free tickets to future games and loaves of bread.This was my first minor league game, and I have to say I enjoyed it much more than "The Show." The lack of hype reminds me of baseball back in the 80's. I guess I'll have to try a Sacramento RiverCats game when I get back home.
4	OK, the place I'm actually trying to review is the Charlotte Knights Stadium at 2280 Deerfield Dr., Fort Mill, SC.  The website is being strange and won't let me input any places it doesn't already have on file.  But website problems aside, this is really a fun place to take the whole family.  The whole baseball experience is something I had never been through before, and I'm glad I went and did it.  I had a fun and relaxing time with my friends, and even got to go up to the Home Run Cafe.  The cafe has a perfect view of the field so you can have a drink, or bite to eat in the air conditioning without missing any of the game.  Can life get any better?
4	This is a great stadium to watch a game. No matter where yout ticket is to you will have a good seat, and if you go with a group you will have a great time. Thirsty Thursdays is a worthwile event, even if you are not into baseball. Just go and hang out and have a few beers, and you will have a great time.
3	Knights Stadium is located in Fort Mill, SC, so expect a decent drive from the city of Charlotte to see Triple A baseball. Aside from that, it's a pretty inexpensive activity, & its great as a group or family trip. Pretty much any night you go, there won't be any huge crowds here, so you'll get great seats. Always buy the general admission tickets, because the lower level is never even half full so you can just sit there to watch. I guess the only reason to not get the cheapest tickets is to sit as close as possible to the field, but I don't think that's worth the extra dollars.Another neat thing to do is grab dinner in the Home Run Cafe. They have a decent menu & the cafe is in the upper level behind the plate so you overlook the field during the game. If you can get some tables up close to the large windows, you have a very good view of the action.The concession areas aren't overly impressive, but they do have some grills that cooks up fresh hamburgers, hot dogs, & sausages. Everything is expensive compared to normal prices, but cheaper than normal concession fare. They also have a large picnic area that charges ~$10 for an all you can eat meal before games. But I'd suggest bringing food with you & eating it in the parking lot before the game. Knights Stadium is nothing fancy & really needs to move into uptown Charlotte soon. The crowds are getting smaller & smaller so before long the change has to be made. You'll enjoy an outing with a bunch of friends or family, as you can take in the game while enjoying the surroundings.
4	I'm not a sports fan at all, but I had a great time earlier this year when I checked out a baseball game at Knights Stadium. It's a little ways out of town, but it was worth the trip. I went with a large group of work associates, and we had fun even though I didn't watch the game at all. It's a great night out for children and families or large groups, and if you pay attention, there are usually good deals where you can get cheap or free tickets. Even if you're not into sports, it's a great alternative to another (freakin') night in a bar.
4	Attending a Knight's game is a fun little experience. You can usually find tickets for very reasonably priced (or even free), and everyone working at the Stadium is incredibly sweet and friendly. Perfect for any age group.
3	Pick the most random place in the world, and I promise you still won't find this stadium. This is home to the Charlotte-Not quite Charlotte Knights.It's a nice place to watch a game. You can go and be the lone idiot sitting behind homeplate mocking the pitcher. I really appreciated the primitivity of the parking situation- "You see that huge patch of grass, pick a spot." Overall, I went to go see the other team play (sorry the white sox aren't my favorite) and had a decent time. The food there is actually pretty good. They had a Moe's stand, which gave me the much needed runs :( My advice: If you live in Charlotte, get a DD because you will have wayyyyy to many $1 beers.
3	I have never been a big baseball fan, but with yesterday's perfect weather and a double header scheduled it was kind of hard to say no. On the weekends, general admission puts you in the upper deck. Apparently, (unlike at a Checkers game) even when the lower levels are pretty empty they like to check tickets and really like making you move. Not really wanting to be stuck in the shade we opted for the three-tiered picnic table seating by the grills (as did many other people). Concession wise: $8 tallboys, $3.50 waters, and each stand seemed to have its own set of food from fried pickles and frito pie, to mexidogs and nachos, to grilled chicken or steak kabobs($8) and hot dogs($3). OMB had two taps there, but I found them too late. Everything seemed to close whenever they felt like it, the real cut off being the 5th inning (of 7, so I'm guessing that would shift later for normal games?). Luckily we got hungry as the grill stand was starting to pack up and we got a nice deal on the last bit of food. Not too bad of a drive, fairly cheap tickets, good (relatively family friendly) fun, all around a pretty clean stadium, and who doesn't like fireworks?
3	The Charlotte Knights play in what is becoming an office park just south of the state line in York County, SC.  Hey, only 6 regular season NFL games are played in New York State, none with a team bearing the moniker "New York", and the team that does play its six games there is named the Buffalo Bills, yet they play in Orchard Park.  So the Charlotte Knights can play their home games 2 miles south of the city.The stadium was built in the late 80s but is one of Charlotte's many sports missteps.  The old stadium in Dilworth burned, so they built this not so centrally-located stadium.  The stadium feels older than it actually is, but the owners of the land (York County) has forced them to make some improvements.  The experience is no frills, and it's baseball, so it's slow and fairly boring.  They have all kinds of promos (2 for 1 tickets on Tuesday and Wednesday), and food/drink specials.  They do a good fireworks show after every Saturday game, and a wicked one on the 4th of July (too crowded for my liking but I can see it from a few secret locations in Fort Mill).The normal food and drink prices are okay and they have finally started to accept plastic.  OMB sponsors the beer garden, but it's $7 for an OMB.  (By comparison it's only a dollar and change more at TWC Arena). What I hate most is the parking.  For weekend games or the 4th of July, it takes over an hour to get home even though I live 10 minutes away.  I'm home from uptown in less than an hour whether I drive or take the rail.So the Knights can be fair-priced family entertainment, but the stadium isn't convenient to everyone, and could use a few more upgrades.  I'd say go, but don't expect much.  At least now there is another entrance - you can actually get to it by getting off at exit 90 (Carowinds) instead of going to exit 88.  That helps for people coming in from Charlotte proper.
3	Back when I was a radio announcer, in the late 1970's, I had to babysit Braves games and play the local commercials during the breaks. That's when I learned to appreciate faster moving sports... But if you can take baseball or leave it, as I do, it's still worth an occasional visit to a real ballpark. Baseball is much more watchable live than on TV. And forget radio. Only rabid baseball fans will resort to listening to that!The Knights played the Toledo Mud Hens Friday night, 5/20/11, and we got there early so my wife could donate blood (Red Cross Bloodmobile was giving free tickets to donors). We were meeting some old friends there, for a mostly social evening. Our kids go to school with one of theirs, so they would have fun together.Parking was $4.00. Remember to park as close to the entrance road as you can, and to face out of the parking space, because it takes a loooooong time to get out of this ball park! We bought tickets for the cheap seats for the other three in our family, because we've noticed that the concession prices have crept way up over the last few years. Snacks (a fried pickle tray and bag of peanuts), dinner (three burritos and a hot dog tray), drinks (two lemonades and two waters), a bag of tennis balls for the end of game contest, a couple of chances on the kids' roulette wheel, and game tickets set me back $94.50, and my wife threw another $20.00 on snacks for the twins (Dip-n-dots ice cream and candied nuts).Here are my impressions of the Knights package: The tickets *are* still relatively cheap ($8 upper deck, $12 for the lower, and more for a few choice locations). I'm not a serious baseball fan, so $8.00 seems plenty high enough. The baseball is, well, baseball. It's minor league, so it's not spectacular, but it is played by professionals, so you get to see a game well-played (well, usually!). The stadium is vintage late 1980's, built after Jim Crockett Park burned in Dilworth in 1985. It could use a fresh coat of anti-rust paint here and there, and some new toilet seats and fixtures.The concessions are average, somewhat overpriced, mostly unhealthy American fare... with limited selections on a Friday night when only a third of the seats were sold. They close really early, too, so get what you want well before the 8th inning.We found a Moe's stand and got some half-way decent burritos. Other choices include hot dogs, chicken fingers and sandwiches (fried), pizza, and french fries. One stand offered "fried pickles", but what you really get are about five battered strips of pickle on a bed of limp french fries coated in way too much salt.Of course, they sell bags of salt-saturated peanuts in the shell, and there's the German candied nut guy with his cart of addictive cashews, walnuts, and almonds. There is $6 lemonade, and beer is almost as expensive there as it is in the cable box (Time Warner Arena) uptown. Selection is limited, but Mecklenburg Brewery does have a couple of taps there.My advice? Eat before you come, to avoid high prices for indigestion. Save your money for beer and maybe a snack. Water is $3.50, and you can't bring in your own.When the team plays at home on a Saturday night, and on the 4th of July, they have fireworks after the game. That usually makes the evening worthwhile, regardless of the outcome of the game. On the 4th, WBT and other sponsors gang up to launch a HUGE fireworks display. The last one I saw there was unbelievably cool. That 4th of July show sells out way in advance, and with good reason. If your kids are baseball fanatics, the Knights probably get an extra star rating here. They do a great job with kids' promotions, and they go an extra mile to keep the entertainment family-oriented.There has been much talk over the years of moving the Knights to Uptown Charlotte. I can't really get excited about that. I'm sure the ticket prices and parking and concession prices would be much, much higher there. As it is, the Fort Mill, SC location is not a bad drive away from Uptown, and the surrounding countryside and fresh air are just as enjoyable as the game and other entertainment.
4	I was here the other night for Thirsty Thursday.  You can't beat a cold 14oz beer for $1 and their hot dogs are pretty good too!We had great seats right down on the field.  It's been a couple of years since I've been to a game here and I have to say the field looked great but the complex itself needs a little TLC.  Just about everything there that's metal needs to be painted.  Already looking forward to my next visit...
5	Awesome family fun.
4	First off, being a Charlotte native I've always loved coming to the O's/Knights, whatever you want to call them, games.  It's cheap as can be for great seats and of course if you do it right and come out on Thursday's you get to enjoy all the glory that is "Thirsty Thursday".  Beers for $1 each? Sign me up!  Beware though, they are like 6 oz. cups so you'll likely have to double or quadruple up but that's still a solid 50% discount off the regular prices.  The fireworks every Saturday night home game are actually pretty legit!  And they put on a great 4th of July celebration here as well.I can't wait to see an uptown stadium built!
4	Why seeing the knights is great:- You get to travel to South Carolina- Tickets are cheap- Parking is ample (and there are no crowds if you come 10 min after start)- Concessions are really cheap- Baseball!- FireworksSure they aren't that great and I didn't watch most of the game, but I had a great time socializing and enjoying the outdoors around one of the great American pastime.
3	What a great place to spend a summer night!!  Spacious stadium, beer, hot dogs.....so fun!  Always great people watching here - mix of local yocals and yuppies.  Get your hot dog at the far end where the grill is because they have a cold stand set up for extra things you may want on your dog like onions and pickles etc.  Go for the Thirsty Thursdays and the beers are only a buck!  Yes it is crappy domestics but hey a buck is a buck!  :-D
4	Went for Thirsty Thursday a few weeks ago thanks to Living Social.  They have $1 beers, including Yuengling, which was nice.  The cups are 10 ounces (not 6 as someone mentioned), so you get 20 ounces of beer for $2.  I can't even get a 22 that cheap in the store for anything halfway decent.  Went again for fireworks the other night and that was also enjoyable.  Nice to see the video scoreboard has finally been updated.  Was a bit of a pain getting out since it was a big crowd but thankfully there are 2 access points now (and one is off of exit 90).
4	Let me start by saying, I cannot wait until this is Uptown Charlotte!  I'm a Cubs fan at heart but since we are states away, this is the best baseball in the area and it draws a great crowd!  We went on Thursday where draft beers are only $1.  Photos posted!
3	It's minor league baseball, so what's not to love? The stadium seemed kind of empty the night our party visited, perhaps because it was during the dog days of summer (even though the weather was mild, in the 70s).The place didn't seem to be up-to-date, especially with regard to technology. The food list was basic baseball fare (dogs, cracker jack, nachos), but it wasn't very inventive, nor was it extensive.The Knights got smoked by the Yankees farm team from Scranton. All in all it was a fun time, but there are certainly minor league club stadiums that are more rockin.
4	Even though it was very humid outside the crowd still seemed like they were having a great time! I'm not really a big baseball fan so the game was ok...all I really know is that the Knights lost, but hey the music got the crowd involved and after the game there were fireworks...which for me totally made the night worth it. Parking was $4 and the food was reasonable (for ball park food)...would I go again....sure becuase it makes for a fun night out!
4	I always love going to baseball parks, they are my home away from home.  They allow me to sit back, relax and take in a good game.  The Charlotte Knights stadium rate right up there with the rest of them.  It's a great minor league park, my only wish is that it was actually in Charlotte, or even better... actually in North Carolina.  I know the plan is to move them to Charlotte and I hope that happens because I know I would definitely come to more games if it was just a little bit closer.
4	It's not the sexiest place to watch a game but you know what, I like it that way. It's great to take your other, a group of buddies or the family.  Parking lot is easy to navigate and enter, ticket prices are reasonable and there is not a bad seat in the house.  The food leaves something to be desired, though. Thirsty Thursdays = $1 beers.  Heck, yes! While I think that the Knights moving Uptown Charlotte is a good thing overall, I think it will take away from the nostalgia of Knights Stadium but we will see.  In the meantime, frequent Knights Stadium until the Uptown stadium opens and show some well-deserved respect!
4	I've visited this ballpark many, many times over the years.  While it's not an up to date facility, they try to do the best they can with what they have.  This is the last year they'll be at this location as they're building a new stadium in downtown Charlotte that will open in 2014.No matter where you sit, it's a great seat!  Prices are in line with other Minor league ballparks for seating and food.  Pretty good selelction of food too and nice that they even have a stand offering hot off the BBQ grill burgers and sausages.The staff here is always very friendly and helpful.  I know that spankin' new ballpark will be nice next year, but I hope they have as friendly a staff and can find a way to create a new kind of charm that this location has.
5	Hello friends,I brought me & mine out on 4/13 for the home game vs Durham. This was my 1st time in a long time. Prices were NOT as advertised online. We got the Field Seats (No age discounts, for 15 bucks.... NOT 13.00. Section 103 rights behind the home team dugout. Parking is easy (5 bucks)Food prices were great 3-7 bucks. Beer prices??? I don't know, but from what I've heard from the foul mouth, drunk guys seated below they are more expensive than years past. As I said, I'm here with the kids... No drinky drinky for meeEEeee!!The facilities were clean. The seats worked. And the best part.. We WON 5-4. After the game they had fireworks. It was my sons 12 birthday on that day. I told em the fireworks were for him. Lol. He mighta believed me for 4.20 seconds. Haaa haaaaaI'll be back on a Thursday. $1 brewskies!!Drink responsibly and don't D&D, it may be me on the street and I don't want to be killed, thanks. TTFN
4	A triple-A affiliate of the Chicago White Sox, the Charlotte Knights offer an exciting summer night filled with beer, dogs and fireworks.  What's not to like...unless you're not a White Sox fan...like this guy, but it's still a great time!The park is a bit dated...but that will be changing next season when the Knights officially move to Charlotte.  Yes, you did hear that correctly, they currently play in Fort Mill, SC.Knight stadium has tons of different promotions that will give you great deals on food and drinks or give you free promotional items as you enter.  The selection of food and drinks is also plentiful for a smaller stadium.  They do a great job by setting up the funnel cake  vendor by the kid's play area.  Sneaky...very sneaky!  The kids will also love the Knight mascot...Homer the Dragon!  Homer makes his way throughout the crowd and finds the kids that want to say hi.If you haven't made your way out to a Knights game, it's about time you did.
5	I wish major league sports would pay attention to minor league baseball, at least the Charlotte Knights.  Regardless of the product on the field, the entire stadium experience has once again been fantastic.I had a daddy/daughter date night at the game this past Saturday night for an early Father's Day celebration.  We both had a blast.  The staff and entire organization do such a good job of integrating the game with their fans.  Giveaways, fireworks, promotions, accessible mascots, jump houses, rock walls, etc.Parking is easy, the view from any seat is a good one, and prices are reasonable.  As I type this I can't figure out why I don't own season tickets.
4	If you're like me there are a few places where you can find good, wholesome family fun that is both cost effective and fun for the whole family.  My daughter just recently discovered how much she likes watching fireworks so we got online, and booked 3 tickets to the Knights game last night.$14.00 per ticket online and we walked right in oh, $5.00 to park.  There are plenty of open seats so you can pretty much sit anywhere.  They have a little play area for the kids which was pretty sparse with one small bouncehouse, a slide inflatable, rock climbing wall and an out of order Merry Go Round.  Typical ball park fare included Papa Johns, burgers, dogs, funnel cakes, ice cream, cotton candy etc...Prices were reasonable and considering you generally spend more at other venues it was all fine with me.  I bought 2 small cups of Ben & Jerry's for the kids and they were $4.50 each but all in all it didn't break the bank.I used to come to these games when I was in high school which seems like eons ago so the stadium does have some wear on it which shows, but it was comfortable place to sit and watch a game.  The Knights do a decent job of keeping the crowd engaged with games and the mascots in between innings.Here's where I was a bit disappointed, Homer.  Oh Homer you used to be freakin awesome.  Riding around on the ATV doing wacky stunts and making fun of the players and getting the crowd involved.  Homer last night was pretty boring and wasn't all that fun.  Maybe it was the heat cause Lord knows I couldn't run around in that suit without passing out.  I don't know it could have been much more.On the good side, the fireworks were awesome.  They do a great job with the music accompaniments, they even played some RUN DMC (I met this little girlie, her hair was kind of curly) sorry.  The fireworks show lasted a good 20 - 25 minutes and were very entertaining.I am not a proponent of moving the Knights uptown and here's why.....last night for me, 2 kids and Sweetie was about $65.00 all in.  Move it to Charlotte and the price goes up to $100.00 which turns it into an expensive "knight" out IMO and of the crowd I saw last night most of the fans that go every weekend or whatever won't make the drive uptown and you'll be left with a 75% empty stadium with nice luxury boxes and sushi at the concession stands going bad.  I just don't think that for all the games these guys play you're going to get the draw the crowd you get in Fort Mill.  I hope they prove me wrong.
3	I'm sure the experience here is far better on a weekend than on a Monday night.  But I was there on a Monday night.  And on Monday night, there wasn't too much worth Yelping about.  I'm a baseball fan, and I'll tell you that I appreciated the classic look of the place.  I loved the fact that I could get a game used baseball in the shop for 6 bucks.  i loved seeing the autographing going on from the players to the fans.  There's nothing wrong with the experience here.  But I've been to better minor league parks.  I have a feeling the experience will be that much better next year in the new stadium.  Plus, I had one of the dollar hot dogs they serve here, and it wasn't great.  Part of the problem is that since there were barely a thousand people in the stands, the good food options were closed.  So there was nothing to write home about at all. I'll come back to see a game if I'm ever in town, but I'll wait until you get the new park.
4	So, I attended one of the final games at the Ft Mill stadium before the end of their season.  I must admit, I enjoyed my visits here. The parking was cheap & easy to get a good spot.  The tickets were cheap and they had great beer specials on Thirsty Thursdays.  It was a great place to come out with the family for some cheap entertainment.
4	Great firework show for the military appreciation game. The venue was clean and people were friendly and helpful.
