1	Warning - Window World:In my case this company didn't install all windows as promised because they made a mistake measuring them. Still, the entire invoice amount was billed to my Credit Card.I didn't get any reaction to four emails and two phone calls. Only after the 7th try I was promised a partial refund. In regard of the remaining work at the unfinished windows: it was supposed to happen within two weeks, it took them five. Windows World does not offer any discount and refers to their fine print that allows them 180 days to react. They also refuse to provide you with a written answer so they can't be held accountable. I would be very careful doing business with them.
1	At first I was very impressed with Window World. The sales guy was very friendly and gave us a $200 discount off of our 5 windows and sliding door. Plus their lifetime warranty was great! We ended up going with them. We were told it would take 6 weeks for the windows to come in and it did. The day after they came in we got a call to schedule an appt. We explained to them originally that my husband would be cutting a hole in our wall for the sliding door so we wanted a Monday appt. We scheduled the appointment two weeks after the windows came in on a Monday and my husband cut the hole and put up a couple sheets of plywood to cover it temporarily until the next day when we thought our windows would be installed. They were supposed to be here between 8-9. At 8:30am a rep from their company calls and tells me that the installer can't come out today and they need to reschedule to Wednesday!!!!!!! When I asked why he wouldn't be out they said car trouble. I get it stuff happens. However, I told her that Wednesday is absolutely not ok because I have a huge hole in my wall and my house is not secure! She responded with, "Ya they told me that." Are you kidding me?! So instead of switching someone else's appointment to get me in due to this being a little more urgent their attitude was pretty much tough luck. I told them I needed to get my windows in the next day which they did.The installer who came was great. I have no complaints about the person who installed my windows. However, the next thing that happens is not only my sliding glass door 3 inches too small but my living room window is also the wrong size! He explained how sorry he was and that the person who measured was obviously wrong. He finished installing the other windows and explained to me that he would put a rush on the order for the door and window and that it would take 2 weeks and not worry about paying the remaining balance until the job is finished. Which is also what my contract says.When I call the office about the windows they wanted me to pay more money. Not just that but they tell me that the person who measured my windows isn't trained to do that. Really?! Then why was he allowed to measure them. I argued back and forth with them for a bit and tell them that what I have already paid completely covers the installation and all the windows that were installed and that my contract states I don't have to pay in full until ALL of my windows are installed properly. It took my husband getting on the phone and requesting to speak with the manager that they finally said not to worry about it until all windows are installed.So I call on a Thursday to see if my windows have come in (which they did) because it has been three weeks and they say that they can't schedule an appointment yet because their general manager handles the scheduling. So at the end of the next day when I still have not heard anything I call back and she tells me the person who schedules isn't in. I didn't get a call back from them until Wednesday the following week so there's almost a whole week my windows were sitting there! They finally got installed after about 4 weeks! Totaling 12 weeks from the first order! I would not recommend this place to anyone. Their customer service is terrible and they have an I don't care attitude when they are the ones that make the mistake! If I could give them 0 stars I would have. Again I will say that the person who was contracted through window world to physically install my windows was great! He did a good job.
5	We just got 7 windows and a sliding door pit in from WW. Everything went perfect! Measurements were precise. They came at 7:30 as promised and did not leave till late in the afternoon, once everything was done perfectly! Thanks Window World!
