3	Ok first off I am thrilled that a brewery finally opened in the west valley. So congrats to the freakin' crew for setting a milestone. I know with a few others on the way, the westside will start getting recognized like it should.Ok, first impression at pulling into the big commercial warehouse area was ok, took a minute to find the suite they were located, just keep looking left and you'll see it. Walked right in and was greeted by a really friendly bartender, and a vibe of local people wanting to try good craft beer. The setting was ok, some high top tables, barstools, and few chairs. A little cramped so if you're rolling 4 or more somebody might have to stand. Overall a moderately sized tasting room.Sat down and ordered a 6 beer taster, had very interesting brews from a creme ale to some sort of chocolate stout to something like a hefeweizen.  Not bad, remember folks they're just starting out so I'm sure the have more to come as time rolls on. I'll be sure to stop in here and there to see what new brews they'll make.
3	I was so jazzed and excited to finally have a brewery in the west side! I've been following Freak'N Brew for a long time. They were supposed to open a while ago, I think they had a lot if red tape to go through to finally open. Well my friends and I made the trip to come here this past Saturday night. Finding it can be a little hard. It's in an industrial warehouse complex just west of the 101.  After passing many buildings I saw a truck with the Freak'N Brew logo and knew I was there.  There was a small sign on the door and a paper tapped to the door that said open. Coming inside I was a little put off. First off the tasting room is super small. That's why it's called a tasting room, but what I didn't like was that it felt like an office complex waiting room. At least there is one TV and there was room at the bar for us to sit. I would have preferred they knock down the walls so we can see the tanks from the tasting room. Give it a real brewery feel. Oh well, to each is own just my two cents. We ordered the taster flight. It was $10 for 6 different beers. They had. 3 versions if their Belgium pale ale. Each with different hops. That was my favorite if the bunch but I thought it was a little weak, at under 5% alcohol. I'm more of a IPA fan and I like them in the 6-7 % range. After trying all the beers I really wasn't impressed. But that a personal preference. I'll totally give them more chances because I know they do brew IPAs, they just didn't have any today. As with most new breweries it takes a while to get everything working and to get more beers. If anyone reads my reviews I'm a huge fan of breweries and huge supporter if local AZ beer. So for that reason I will come back and support Freak. I doubt they will knock down walls, but the service was great, people in the tasting room seemed happy, and the owners came out and thanked us for coming by. For those reason I will be back!
4	Stopped by this place on a whim whilst in the northwest valley. It was challenging to find in the warehouse location. I agree with the other reviewers that the tasting room is very small and needs some re-work. There are 3 high top tables with uncomfortable (no back) stools and a few counters to stand by. I would rather have some smaller 2-tops that could be combined or pulled apart.Beer was a bit pricey, but not out of the norm for other breweries or pubs. The IPAs have some decent flavor and aren't the hop biting type. There's a nice mellow saison that's great for summer. Place doesn't serve any food, but I'm sure they'd be fine with bringing some of your own. Patrons were all very nice and friendly. Wait staff and management went out of their way to be helpful and welcoming.I'll come back when I'm nearby. It should be a planned stop for anyone who likes to support local beer.
2	The staff is really friendly and the girl working the counter was knowledgeable.  Unfortunately, all but 2 of the beers had really off flavors. I did not taste the brown or the regular hef. As a homebrewer, I have made better beer. I would give them another chance, but if they want to succeed, they are going to need to get rid of those off flavors. Some of them were not drinkable. I had:Raspberry WheatCream AleRed aleIPAImperial RedChipotle IPA
