5	For a buck every Saturday from 11am-3pm you can make your own from scratch card. Nicki (I think she's the owner) creates a new card every Saturday, she sets out the supplies and coaches you while you make your own.Nicki was really friendly and helpful.
5	5 stars isn't enough for my favorite Rubber Stamp store!  Nic is so creative and knowledgeable and helpful and caring and has the most beautiful stamps and her samples hanging all over the walls are gorgeous and inspiring!  I have made the most beautiful cards in her classes also.  I can't speak highly enough.  She's worth the drive from San Diego to Arizona !  And while you're there visit either of the deli's on each side of her for more friendly atmosphere and wonderful food!  I miss you guys!
5	When I stop in here after months of being away, I always feel like I'm visiting family or old friends instead of just a store..  And I love seeing what merchandise she's gotten in that's new and different.  I even signed up for a class on Mon 4/20 since I was still in town. We made the most beautiful cards.  It took us nearly 4 hours and we had a lot of fun.  I love cardmaking! (4/14/09)
4	This is really an awesome store.  Though I am not what you would call "crafty" and I have never made a card myself, I had a great time wandering around and looking at everything.  They had a lot of very impressive finished projects on display around the store and on the shelves right below were all the supplies you would need to create them yourself.  I thought that was really cool.  The only reason I even came in here was because my husband and I had breakfast that morning at Yoli's Cafe.  Gazing out the window, we had a discussion about what a cool idea it was that someone had converted a collection of old houses into a plaza of shops and restaurants.  So cute conceptually but the place was in serious disrepair and it looked like most of the stores had closed.  So sad, we said, looks like this place won't make it thru the recession.  Then, as we watched about half a dozen women came walking from the parking lot into one of the shops.  At that point one of the ladies at the table next to us asked for the check and told her dining companion to "hurry up".  So, we followed them into the store to see what the fuss was about and there they all were in the stamping class making cards.  They looked like they were having a ball!  I did end up purchasing a stamp for my sister since she enjoys this hobby.  But after seeing how much fun they were all having, maybe I will give it a try myself sometime...
