5	I was having problems with my heater. I called my home warranty company and they had Cross Mechanical Services come out and take a look. Tony came to my house and was very nice and professional. He was very knowledgable and quickly found out that my glow igniter was blown. He called in to have one ordered and will be back tomorrow to install it. Great service so far.
1	Run as fast as you can from this company.  Our AC went out 2 years ago.  Our home warranty company sent out these people.  After waiting 3 weeks (in July!), we finally had our AC installed.  Unfortunately, it was installed improperly.  After fighting with them it was finally reinstalled 2 weeks later.  Here we are two years later and we are still having major issues with this unit.  Don't let them touch anything in your home.  They are clueless!
5	My hero when it came to fixing my A/C unit!  My home warranty had a different company come out and supposedly they had to order a part that would take weeks to come in and couldn't give me an ETA.  Cross Mechanical had the part I needed ready and available, they came the very next day and saved me from the heat!  I paid them directly, however was also able to get my home warranty to reimburse me so it all worked out and Cross Mechanical saved the day.
1	I have used this company twice.  The first time they were great. We spent over 5,000 for installation of a new AC unit on a rental property. Since  they did an excellent job, we had them do a redesign of AC system in our home to improve the cooling in our house. It was one of the most frustrating customer service experience I've had with a contractor in the 25 years I have lived in Phoenix. They didn't  complete the job in the time frame they promised.They damaged the faux ceiling in the kitchen,  they drilled holes and didn't repair them in the bedroom. They left marks on the ceiling in the living room, where they marked to cut a hole and then didn't. Which told me they installers were not skilled or professional.After waiting for 2 months for them to repair the mistake in the kitchen, we gave up and paid to have it repaired. I heard a lot of promises, no solution. I would never use this contractor again,
