2	I must say I've always LOVED Maurices, been shopping there since I was 12-13 years old! Clothes are reasonably priced and will last MANY washes and wears!! Even worked for the company for a short time.I still go in to this store to buy necessary 'staple' items because they fit so well and are great on the budget. However, the service I receive at this store is not only snotty and short but it's not the same service delivered to everyone. I've witnessed on more than one occasion these girls be hateful behind customers back... you never know when someone will hear you. And they are blatantly bit**y to me. If I based my shopping in this store strictly on SERVICE I would NEVER go back. Lucky for them, the price is right! It's funny that a company founded off a small town feel and friendliness allows a store manager and her assistants to behave in a manner far from... The leader creates the culture of the environment, so its no surprise to me that each of the associates behaves this way!
3	This place has great sales so I check frequently. They also carry a small selection of plus size clothes, which is seldom found in juniors stores. However, I echo the previous comment when it comes to service. I've often walked into the store and have had no assistance when two people are behind the counter helping a single customer. I've also noticed a pretty high turnover; it seems like they're always training someone new when I visit. It's still worth the visit if you're in the neighborhood.
4	I saw this place one day while I was running errands and made mental note to come back seeing as how it was a clothing store in the southwest.  I finally made my way back and was pleasantly surprised with the store.  First off, the girls in there were very friendly- which is always nice.  I enjoy being greeted and offered help but then I like to shop on my own without being bothered every 5 minutes.  These ladies let you do your own thing- which I like.  The clothing there is really quite cute and affordable.  They even have a plus size section which I thought was cool to have sizes for all girls in one store.  They have a variety of clothing ranging from casual tank tops, jeans, cute night on the town tops, dresses, even nice work slacks.  They also offer tall sizes- BONUS.  Being a tall girl- I keep a look out for these things.  They also have some type of promotion going on there at all times and you get 20% off coupons in the mail if you give them your address and they also have a punch card for $10 off when you fill it up.  Overall, it's a nice little store that is worth a visit!
4	I came here to buy a nice black cardigan for work and luckily I found one that fit my style. Usually when I pay by my Maurice credit card, I get 20% off my purchase. I forgot my card at home and asked if I was to use it would I get any discount and the sales associate told me no, it's just a way to make a payment. I said.. well in that case forget it and charged by my own credit card.That same night I went home and found an email that stated from a few weeks back until now that I can get that 20% off from using my Maurice card. I called the store manager to confirm this promo that was going on and I told her what happened to me today. She told me to come on in and they will adjust the difference from not honoring that promo to me when I was at the store. Luckily, the sales associate that remembered talking to me on the phone, was the one that helped me when I went back two days later. She tried to track the sales transaction from my membership account, but again the other sales associate never even entered my account number to verify my purchase. She asked me if I remembered who helped me and if I had the receipt. I threw the receipt away with the bag and I looked around the store, but couldn't recognize her face that helped me. I told her.. are you telling me she didn't even enter my membership number to get any points or credit? No she didn't. She brought another sales associate to figure out how they can track my purchase and finally just gave me the difference from the promo deal. They have regular, petite, and plus sizes here. I do like their dress suits and vests. If you're looking for a business, office secretary attire or something to wear for an interview... this is a nice place to look around. Casual clothes like jeans and sweaters are popular here. Also accessories and shoes, which is in the mid back part of the store. I usually find a good pair of black dress slacks for work and a fitted dress shirt. Good selection and many different styles and colors to choose from. I liked the prompt service and not the crazy hassle in adjusting the price for what I should have received the first time. I almost reviewed this place as a one star for the lack of service and not wanting to look up my credit card, by telling me there isn't any benefit from using the card, but since they took care of it in a professional, quick manner. I walked out of there without any heated arguments or discretion on how service is suppose to be. This store is located by Ulta and Tillys. There so many other places to check out when you're around this shopping center. Since I'm a petite, this store fits me well in the vests and pants. If you ever have trouble looking for your size, check this place out and you might find the perfect fit!
5	I seriously LOVE this place. Sassy, well-fitting and flattering clothes with a range of sizes. I didn't find the previous reviews to be the case when I went in. Service was top notch - they got me a dressing room started and helped take the clothes in there because I had a baby with me. The manager even made an exception for me and let me use the bathroom because I had the baby with me, and all my stuff including diaper bag and car seat was already in the dressing room, so I didn't have to leave the store to search for a bathroom. The sales racks are nothing to sneeze at either! Fantastic deals for sure.
4	I love this place. Its pricey but I normally go when there is a sale. The people that work there are all nice and willing to help you find the clothes that look good on you =)The dressing rooms are very cute. They have an old fashion but modern look if that makes any sense. They also have the mirrors that allow you to look at yourself from three different angles. The clothes I buy from them seem to last longer than the ones you get at H & M or those other lower end stores. The quality is better if you ask me.
5	I love shopping here!  I love their $29 Taylor cut jeans!  I always find great deals here too.  This is the only location in Las Vegas.  I wish they had another in Henderson.  This is the only store credit card I carry to get the coupons.  The great thing is that you can pay the card off at the register.  Most of my closet is Maruices clothing.  They carry sizes 0-26 so a wide range of offerings plus shoes and accessories too.  They also help you start a fitting room and bring you different sizes if you need them.
5	LOVE this store.Customer service is hands down the BEST customer service at any clothing/retail store I have ever consistently experienced.Return policy is unbeatable- they will take anything back, hassle free.I love their clothes- I am a professional in my late 20s and I like that the clothes are hip but the skirts are a little longer, tops are a little longer, straps are a little wider... the details are a little more age appropriate.They always have coupons and specials.GREAT quality, also. Nothing I have owned has ever ripped or faded. Love Love LOVE this store!
5	I was super excited when I saw this Maurices go into the Arroyo shopping center a few years ago.  Maurices has been a staple in my casual wardrobe since I was in junior high in Kentucky.  They have really affordable tees, sweaters, and cardigans.  I'm also a big fan of their shoes and accessories and they carry my favorite line of denim, Silver.  Some items are better quality than others.  I've noticed with a lot of the cotton shirts, they don't seem to last as long.  But when you are getting such a good price (comparable to Forever 21), it's hard to complain.  Also, as many have mentioned, the customer service at this store is over the top.  They are always helpful and friendly.  Love this store!
5	Great store....and great return policies! The sales associates are all friendly and sweet...even when speaking to them on the phone!!!! Though I do not shop here that often, I love the fact that they associates are personable and do not act like most department and shopping mall associates, who act like they  are doing you a favouri....keep up the good work, Maurice's!!!!!!!!!!
