2	They do a really good job grooming our Welsh Terrier! They are timely & really do like the dogs!! Highly recommend!11/20/12: Must update my review. As Armando stated, we noted razor burns on her & thought maybe just an isolated experience but it was not. Just yesterday more razor burns & cut under her neck. Will be going elsewhere.
4	They do a nice job on all my Pommies! It took a couple visits for them to get all my particular wants down but they did! Nice people and close to home.
1	50 dollars for a 3 pound poodle puppy cut, kinda excessive...
1	I've taken my 3 poms here for almost 2 years and they change the price all the time without telling me. I asked Pam "why is the bath and brush $40 now when it was $25 in the beginning" we went over the extras that they were charging me for that I wasn't aware of and I told her I want the basic bath and brush no extras from now on. The cost was $29 the next two times, which was ok because they had a price increase and on the third visit it was $41! I had brought $40 in cash with me since they charge 5% more if you write a check or pay with debit so you can imagine my surprise when she said I didn't give her enough. Here I had planned on giving the groomer an $11 tip and then had this sprung on me ONCE again! I was less than pleased and reminded her of our past conversation about the ever fluctuating prices and how it was unacceptable. Since there was another customer there she wanted to hush me up quickly and honored the correct price but I'm sure it was only to not embarrass the shop. Too bad they are super close to my house and did an ok job but WOW what poor business practices! Needless to say we won't be going back and we've already found a great groomer that doesn't price gouge.
1	This place has the WORST customer service.. complete a HOLES!They cut my dog.. gave him razor burn and then denied it.. so months later we said ehh we will give another chance and called to make an appt. and they said we cant come back.. HAHAH wow .. you messed up!! PRICES ARE SOOO CRAZY HIGH ITS INSANE!try.. best friend groomers on grand /dysart
