5	This place has the healing touch.By far the best treatments I have ever had, and I've had many, mostly more expensive too. Dr. Borsa (Robin) did an acupuncture first on my sister and then on me. We were both experiencing chronic sciatica and arthritis pain for the last year or longer. I am happy to report that in one treatment we both felt pain relief, almost pain free.I also had a facial with microdermabrasion from Tomiko (sp) an it left my face in much better condition. Unfortunately for me, it was so relaxing I think I may have dosed off.There are many special "goodies" during and after the treatments.If it is your first visit, do not miss out on the consultation process. It is very informative and thorough plus it helps determine what treatments are best for you.Although I live in southern Colorado I'm going back to the Phoenix area in the spring and will be sure to schedule my appointments before I go. I LOVE this place.
5	I love this spa!  Dr. Robin is fantastic and gave me an excellent education before my treatment, which is something I had not experienced with my previous provider.  I defintely recommend Robin and her staff for any procedures that you are considering.
5	I would not normally spend time in a spa while on vacation; although a regular spa go-er in my hometown, resort spas are not worth the money & time. But on the advise of a friend I tried Ageless Mi a few months ago & loved it so much I went again last week. The owner, Robin, is an accredited naturopathic doctor and that is a very good thing. Her spa is well comfortable, spic & span, & the services are spot on and reasonably priced. On your first visit you are entitled to a free 30 minute consultation & it's well worth it. On both visits I had acupuncture with foot massage and a microdermabrasion with head massage & this visit I had the Vitamin B complex/fat burner injection. For $10, that alone was worth it for the extra energy it gave me during my vacation for lots of desert hikes & offset the extra calorie intake. The small but select products are of excellent high quality and not overpriced. I was given good advise to go here and am passing that advise on.
5	If I didn't live a days drive away I would be here every week. Owner Robin Borsa is an accredited doctor of naturopathy and an excellent one at that. Services & products are reasonably priced and very, very good. I've been to all kinds of spas in all kinds of places and this is the first one I wish was in my hometown. Not a fancy shmancy expensive spa, just a darned good one.
5	Timyko is very knowledgable and the products they use are wonderful.  I had a dermaplane treatment followed by a facial which was very relaxing.  Services are very reasonably priced.  I had a peel, and Timyko contacted me a few days later to make sure everything was going well & if I had any questions (no other spa has done this)I will come back again & again.
5	Amazing therapist ! Facial and massage are amazing ! Buy a groupon ! They will honor that price in the future !
5	Amazing therapist ! Facial and massage are amazing ! Buy a groupon ! They will honor that price in the future !!!
