4	It sucks to have jury duty but the jury center at the Phoenix Municipal Court was really nice and helped turn around what I thought was going to be an even crappier day. The staff were really nice and helpful. The place is built almost like a movie theater. There are about 250 seats all facing a bunch of flat panel LCDs. The facility was clean and felt brand new.  On one of the flat panel TVs they display the status of the cases. So you know how many cases they have left that may need jurors. As soon as that number hits zero they say it is time to go home. It was VERY helpful to have some kind of a status indication because it lets me know something is happening. They played 3-4 movies on the other TVs. And the movies were all fairly recent. I thought the movies were going to be old ones or boring, but these were all good and a couple I hadn't seen before. I would recommend bringing a laptop or smart phone to help keep you connected to your world while you are waiting on someone else's. They have 4 computers there that you can use. It would be nice if they have more outlets in the general seating area. Along the wall they have seats that have plugs near them, but most of the time they are full. It would be nice if they had a hand out that provided a list of nearby restaurants. All they had was a binder and it is kinda hard to go through it when somebody else is.On your jury summons they have a map of where to park. Be sure to bring in your parking stub to have it validated.
4	Well, I was called for jury duty and expected an experience like in the movies Runaway Jury or 12 Angry Men.  On the other hand, I didn't make it to a jury since all of the cases that day ended up being settled before going to trial (which could be seen as a good thing!).  Rather, that meant that a good chunk of my day was spent in the jury center.  With that in mind, I was anticipating that the potential jurors would be sitting around bored in a big room all day.  That was definitely not the case!  Despite what another Yelp review stated, there was parking just across the street that was fully validated.  The staff were very personable and friendly.  There was a large room with movies on a big screen and computers to use (plus, free wifi), a quiet reading room with magazines and puzzles, and a kitchen with vending machines and complimentary coffee, tea, and hot chocolate.  Another nice convenience was that we could tell how many cases were left before we would be released.  I don't remember this from the last time I was on jury duty.  So the next time you're called for jury duty, pack some snacks, bring a laptop, and look forward to a small vacation from work (unless you're like me and sent work e-mails from the court house).
