5	Renee is the best! I've been getting my eyelash extensions done by Renee for several months now, and I am so happy to have found such a perfectionist to do my eyelashes. She takes her time and makes sure I'm happy before I go. I've tried several other places, and can honestly say that she is the most talented and patient. I'll never go anywhere else. I love my eyelashes and get compliments on them all the time. I hope I never see my own naked eyelashes again!
5	Seriously LOVE Classylash! The ladies are awesome and my lashes have never looked so good! This is far from my first time getting extensions so I have something to compare to and Classylash is the best! I get tons of complimets and your lashes will be customized to your liking. I'm completely addicted!
5	I purchased a groupon to try lash extensions.  Never had them done before.  Heard so many iffy things about it. I decided to jump in and do it.  First off Renee was great when I called and set up my appointment.  Then on the day of my appointment Jessica did such an awesome job that I am thrilled with them! She took her time with me and I was so relaxed that I actually fell asleep during my appointment.  I am so happy that I will keep coming back even though it is across town from where I live...but so worth it.
3	I have had my lashes done numerous times. And if you know me personally..... you know i LOVEEEEE my lashes! I took a bit of a break from them when I caught the stomach flu back in February and found Classylash on Groupon about two months ago. it was such a great deal... and the reviews were good. So i figured, "Why not?" I had Jessica as my lash technician and she was sweet. I couldnt remember what measurements I use to get... so she eyeballed and used the 12mm, with the D curl. (I found out later that I use to get 9, 10, 11mm with D curl). She was good, but I have to say that I have had better results. I know that full sets are incredibly time consuming, but I would expect really full lashes if I see a 5 star rating.  And my eyes were really tearing (which is a sign to me that my eye ducts were getting the fumes). The lashes are the normal type (as opposed to the mink lashes I use to get). I do not believe they gave me options of the type of lashes they offered. When I came back for my fill (3 weeks later), I had the other technician. Within the one hr, she filled the gaps... but I still did not feel that they were as full as I really wanted. I like the facility, but it feels quite sterile. And I know everyone has their own opinion as to how they would want their lash esthetician's room to be... but I like more comfortable/ welcoming. It reminds me of a dental office. The ladies though are really great. And I feel that this is a great place to go if you are new to the lash extension world. Renee is great and responsive to booking and canceling appts. I have heard stories about other lash places being incredibly poor about rescheduling. Renee isnt one of those people!
4	I had purchased a groupon for a full set and a fill for incredibly cheap! I believe I saved $110. They have a small spa room inside the Body Spa which is this huge two story building almost like a mall for everything hair, skin, and nails :) This was my first experience with eyelash extensions. Jessica was my technician. She was very friendly, and her eyelashes still looked great after not having a fill for 4 weeks. She was VERY informative and answered any questions I may have had. During the procedure I unfortunately had a lot of tearing in just my left eye, which made the experience a little uncomfortable for me. There was also this one time I swear I had an eyelash plucked just cause there was this quick sharp pain, I said ouch, and she apologized. However, when my eyes would start watering she was very quick to fan them for me which was very relieving. After the 2 hours was done, and I was handed the mirror I LOVED my new lashes so much! They looked so  beautiful!  My eyes also instantly stopped watering. If anything I think I just might want my lashes fuller. Also at times (2 weeks later) I lost way to many lashes at one time, and I felt like I was being very gentle brushing them, but once again this was my first experience.  I would like to try another place just to have something to compare it to and see if I can achieve a more glamorous look, but I would still recommend this place. The look is very natural and you cant tell they are extensions at all. Also, had an issue with scheduling with my fill and it was an inconvenience for me. I had a noon appt scheduled, and the day before Renee will send texts to confirm your appointment, but she said 1pm in the text. I replied back with, "I had noon written but 1pm is still fine." She replied with just "tomorrow". I arrived at 1pm the following day and Jessica was busy with another client when I walked in and looked confused. She was very polite about the situation and tried to accommodate for me the following hour but I had so much to do that day (had a surgery the following day to prep for). So ya mixed feelings, but they are still a nice place for some Gorgeous New Lashes ;)
5	This is my new thing!  The amazing way I feel when I leave this place is addicting!  I rarely get my hair done, never manis, pedis, or massages, but if there's one thing I must do to treat myself... this is it!  I love all the ladies here, no one has been unpleasant in the least bit.  Every time has gone well; very relaxing and they make sure you are comfortable.  I've never left with feeling that my lashes weren't full enough.  However, I had a 3 week period where so many fell out (normal lash cycle) that I had to opt for the extra 30 min session.  SO worth the extra $20!  If you've never gotten extensions, try it!  You'll feel super glamorous!  I get daily compliments on my eyes because of these gals :)
2	I love the quality of work these ladies do, but their ability to schedule leaves much to be desired.  On more than one occasion I showed for my appointment and was told it was the wrong day, even though I had a text confirmation to show I was correct.  This was always down played.  The last straw was a confirmation for an early morning appointment that I received at 10pm the night before.  I didn't read it until the next morning, honestly because a text a 10pm is RUDE to me unless you are a family member or a close friend.  I texted in the morning to reschedule and I was told 'I was being inconvenient'  Really?  A long standing customer (over 8 months) rescheduling ONCE, when you have rescheduled on me a number of times is inconvenient?  I told them not to bother I would find another facility.  They are great at what they do, but honestly unless you can work around them and their schedule, don't bother.
1	My daughter has been going to classy lash for about 5 months.  Fills were ok but last fill was terrible.  It was done by owner Reni.  I called and asked why they looked terrible and she said my daughter needed a full set but she didn't have time to put on a full set so she charged her for a fill and did a fill.  They came out within 3 days.  I called back and Reni offered to credit the fill and have my daughter come in for a full set at the promo price of 89.  She did, but the tech had no idea of the agreement  and again only did a fill.  I called Reni again and she denied agreeing to credit the fill and have her pay for a full set.I have never taken the time to write a review of any establishment but am so duisgustednwith the service by Classy Lash that I am making the time.
5	I've been getting my lashes done here for 1 1/2 years now and I will never go anywhere else.  Reni and Kayo are both amazing.  I visit them about every 3 weeks and have never had a bad experience.  Scheduling is always easy and Renee is very flexible.  After going to them for so long for my lashes, I finally decided to get microdermabrasion done as well.  Love it!!  The pumpkin mask they use smells yummy and my face feels so fresh.
5	just had my lashes done by reni all i can say is perfect  perfect perfect
5	Reni makes me look amazing every two weeks. She is very careful with my lashes and does great work. Highly recommend!
