5	I found out about Elba from Groupon, and it has become one of the most fortunate Groupon finds ever! Her salon is worth the travel from the Strip because her world class service and prices are a jackpot for sure (cheeseeeeey). On Halloween, I got a blow out and wax from Elba. Her genuine and fun nature feels like you are hanging out with a long time friend, plus you're getting awesome beauty results. She is a talent!!!!! Go see her for everything!! I wish I needed a haircut/highlights at the time because I definitely would have gotten them too!
5	I purchased a groupon with my friend for a Keratin worth $68.. The salon owner was able to accommodate us with an appointment time outside of the regular salon hours due to our time constraints. Her availability was open (unlike other salons on groupon that never have an open appointment for the next 5 months..) When we arrived the salon was warm and inviting. She treated us as she would treat guests at her own home. She was able to meet our specific needs based on our individual hair types (I ave thin bleached blonde hair and my friend has multi-colored thin curly hair) The keratin was one of the best keratins I've had at the cheapest price I've ever seen. She is friendly, fun, and obviously has talent! WE WILL BE BACK :)
5	I WISH THERE WAS MORE THAN A 5 STAR I COULD GIVE ELBA!I  recently moved to Vegas from Miami and been dying to get a keratin done. Ever since I have moved I have not found the right salon or pricing till now. I was able to purchase a Groupon for $68. SUPER AFORDABLE! Elba was an amazing stylist she catered to my every hair need. to think my hair is probably beyond damaged! (PINK AND PURPLE AIR SHORT BROKEN CURLY) but she was able to pretty much do a miracle! As well to say I'm a picky person with my hair not everyone can touch it. When I called to make an appointment she listened to my every need and question. As soon as we walked into the salon I felt like I was back home. Holiday music playing Christmas tree up for the holidays (ITS PURPLE MY FAVORITE COLOR). Once again this place is beyond amazing Funny Talented and I recommend everyone in the city of Las Vegas to go and try her out! WE WILL BE BACK!
5	Love my hair for NYE! Close to my hotel and the cutest salon! Amazing blowout, Elba is the sweetest and the best! I will come back!
