5	FINALLY! I have been waiting for this restaurant to open close to my part of town for a while. This is a brand new El Pollo Loco and as far as fast food Chicken places go this place is great. I was greeted right when I walked through the door and the person taking my order was super friendly. There was no lack of friendly service and you could tell by the full tip bin that lots of other people agree. I love the fact that you can see the grill and prep area. The sound of that meat sizzling makes my mouth water like a Pavlov experiment. The condiment station was clean and so was the dining area.It could be the cooks or it may just be because its new, but the chicken just tasted better than any of the other El Pollo Locos I have eaten at. I even managed to convert someone who was not into El Pollo Loco food into a fan.Good food, good service, good prices and a clean restaurant. That's more than enough for me. I'll be back here frequently to see how things progress but based on this first experience I am a very happy camper.
4	I am very happy to report that I no longer hold a grudge against El Pollo Loco.  The chicken is great, the sides are great, and the service is excellent.
4	This is a relatively new addition to the area and it is quite welcome. We stopped by on a Saturday evening for a quick bite and the place was popping. The drive thru line was extremely busy, but I could not be deterred. I wanted healthy food on the cheap. The line went pretty quickly and they gave me no troubles when I used a coupon I had. The service was fast and efficient and they were very courteous and apologetic about the line. I'll be back. So glad we have another fast food option around the area that isn't fried food oriented.
3	Friendly service but the chicken was burnt...
1	I liked this place until I ordered a spicy chipotle burrito and found out that there was literally a raw piece of chicken in it; which is totally unsatisfactory.I'm Never coming back here again.
2	Went back for round 2 and again chicken was burnt.
4	I think I'm addicted!  Their chicken is bomb and made fresh to order!  This place is like my go-to place for a healthy dinner after a good workout.  I like to order a 2 pc. leg and thigh meal with corn tortilla, a corn on the cob side, and some pinto or black beans.  Everything is good, including their hot sides. Everything tastes fresh and they have all kinds of sauces. But my favorites are the pico di gallo, and the avocado green sauce.  Yum!
4	Shredded beef quesadilla...not your average, chain restaurant quesadilla.  If you're looking for bland, this is not for you.  Grab some tissue 'cause the spices in this are going to make your nose run!  You can just feel the weight of the beef they pack into this when they hand you the tinfoil package.  Amazing!
4	Fast drive through and chicken is great for a fast food place.
4	When I don't know what to do for dinner and want something quick, but healthy, this is where I go. I usually get a salad (all are great) or the skinless chicken breast combo with veggies and a side salad. The chicken is always delicious and the service is great. Every time I've gone, the cashier is suuuper friendly. The drive thru is always packed when I go, so I just pop inside, which is usually faster. Either way though, it's served up fast!
4	el pollo loco has really good chicken for the price and quality. my dad had some 12 pieces of chicken for 12 bucks and got some kind of chicken pocket pita with avocado and other stuff. really good value.the chicken isnt all salty and greasy. baked with a seasoning marinade. considering they have to cook it for a while it was still juicy. their spicy guacamole sauce is really good. i didnt like their pico.after i finish eating im pretty grubby and have food all over my hands a face and scream "VIVA EL CHUPACABRA!"
4	I LIKE IT!!! If you order your food there, they even give you a little number and they bring your food out to you. Not bad for a fast food joint! They have healthy options too without outrageous calories. Always a plus. Nom nom! I particularily LOVE the little salsa bar they have inside with several different salsa's and spicy peppers! Nom nom!!!
5	Love their food! Their salads are great & their tacos are fantastic!!! A little pricey but for healthier fast food it's going to be.
4	Never let down by EPL!  Reliable for a quick, affordable, tasty, and potentially healthy (depending what you get) meal.  I always go with the 3 piece white meat combo: 2 whole breast, a wing, 2 sides, and a drink for less than 10 bones.  Can't beat it!  Why get a greasy fake burger at Icky Mickey's when you can have whole white meat that isn't cooked behind an iron curtain.  Love that they're grilling whole chickens in plain view!  We live nearby so they're our GoTo family spot when we need something quick and cheap.
4	One of the few "fastfood" restaurants that I can walk away without feeling terribly guilty. Their food is fresh, and they have great service. Okay, it's nothing fancy...just a little Taco Bell type spot but on higher level. El pollo loco serves real chicken. You can see the giant grill behind the counter with  dozens of delectable roasting chickens.  It's like every day is a Mexican family reunion and you're invited! Don't skip out on dessert if you're a fan of flan^*^The drive-thru is fast. The food might be a few dollars more than say taco bell... but you're getting much better food.
5	CLEAN,GREAT customer service Best fast food place,  Love coming here,
2	I ordered their new Avocado Burrito with a small soda, they corrected me "you mean the number nine" (a chicken avocado burrito)... Um ok, they'd know their menu better right?  WRONG... The chicken avocado burrito is DOUBLE in calories and fat (I couldn't even finish eating it, it was so gross)... Be careful when ordering, you may end up with more than you bargain for.
4	I don't even remember when was the last time I had El Pollo Loco so on my way back from Cali I decided to stop by and get something. I was starving so I ended up getting the 12 piece meal with a side of Mac n cheese, cole slaw and mashed potatoes, ALL to myself . The drive thru was fast, efficient and super friendly. My only complaint is that they are not very generous on their condiments.
4	friendly greeting when entering, no line.  went because we got a coupon mailer.  my wife took about 5 minutes to decide, server was patient & friendly and answered 3 or 5 questions my wife had.  when paying, unprompted, the server said we could use up to 3 coupons.  very cool, got one more taco.  the free taco was huge & all food was very good.  left full & with a box of chicken for tomorrow.  price was fantastic with coupons.  only complaint was the dining area could have been cleaner.  very nice.
1	el pollo loco lo que tiene de loco son las cochinas locas que trabajan la foto esta muy linda pero todo es mentira pagas por un pollo y te dan 4 patas ni que fuera un caballo y 2 entremuslos y un hueso y la pechuga  se la qudan y los platos dan asco lo tiran todo como puercas  harriba de la ensalada y el nacho es lo mas asqueroso que e mirado en mi vida la foto tinene 3 pedasos de aguacate y te dan un pedasito por la mitad y eso es todo de lo frijoles lo mas con agua que e comido las tortillas cuando la calente en mi casa por 1milla que me fui estaban  firas se pusieron dura como palo menos mal que mis dientes son naturales o los pierdo y comi sin mirar porque tenia hambre y al final me tome un sal de fruta  para los gases porque antes que llegara al stomago ya estaba  dando buelta  $21. dolares + tax y era asquerosamente servido soyy una prfesional de lasescuala culinary de las vegas 1ro aunque la comida no tenga sabor la presentaction es lo mas importante ellos se quedaron atras 1ro como asquersos los boy a reportar a l canal  13 el miercoles a las 11:am para una impection  los mejicanos son unos cochinos '''''NO''''  FUE EL  Restaurante del Pollo Loco de Raimbow fue  EL RESTAURANT EL  POLLO LOCO AN Warm Spring y Eastern . ELLAS SON LOS PIG NADA  ES IGUAL QUE LA FOTOFALS NOT' TRUE.
3	The food smells a lot better that it tastes. This is my first time here maybe they were having a bad night. I will try them again in the future.
4	The main reason I come to EPL is for cheap and quick meals. Their chicken is on point! The Avocado Salsa and Creamy Cilantro Dressing are also noteworthy. They're unique to El Pollo Loco. Good chicken needs good sauce too!
5	El Pollo Loco serves real chicken. You can see the giant grill behind the counter with  dozens of roasting chickens. The food and salsa there are very fresh .They can get very busy at this store. They need more registers and counter people there. Be sure to ring the bell when you leave!
4	Ordered the 3piece combo for take out. Got the two sides and the fluor tortilla. Food was hot when arrived at home because the container kept it from getting cold. The taste of chicken was good. I personally prefer El pollo loco instead of KFC Chicken.
4	For a quick healthy meal for $5 bucks you can't beat the three chicken tacos al carbon.  If you want to splurge add a side of sliced avocado.  This is not super clean eating but in a pinch, for those working out, this definitely gets you out of a jam.
3	I used to love this place until today. I just got off work and was craving a delicious meal. And I thought I would grab some El Pollo Loco. I also had some coupons that I received in the mail. However, I waited in the drive thru line forever, to come to find I got corn on the cobb instead of corn in a cup(which I was craving so badly). The lady asked me what sauces and salsa I wanted and had nothing inside the bag when I checked. But did not want the hassle of going in to grab some sauces. I was not satisfied with my food.I usually never complain about fast food, but really horrible job
3	Price is good but compared to other stores this location is just okay. They tend to under cook my quesadillas and they sometimes forget things so check your order before you drive away.
1	I'm sorry but El Pollo Loco sucks. Every commercial and sign they have makes their food appear to be so delicious with hearty, fresh avacados and nice portion sizes. However, I am regretful every time I go spend my money there. When I ordered a taco salad once, I could barely even find an avacado with the little tiny slivers of them that were in my salad and it's funny how the commercials show the salad as having all these fresh slices of avacados and a large portion size. I am always disappointed when I eat there...and the food is never nearly as good as the signs and commercials make it look. I don't know how they get such great business and customer reviews.
