5	I love this Target!  Has an amazing dollar section for teachers!
3	This is a pretty busy Target location.  The store is well kept for having a lot of traffic come through it.  It is Stonecrest afterall....The one thing that prevented me from giving more stars is the actual Stonecrest Parking lot.  It can be a nightmare coming out of there most times.  It's probably due to all the Charlotte transplanted people from different parts of the country (resulting in different driving styles)... but I swear 4-way stop intersections are pretty much everywhere... people are either too nice and just sit there or way too aggressive and you see your life flash before your eyes after braving the Target crowd.They have gotten better about keeping registers open so that the lines aren't ridiculous.
3	I am such a big fan of Target & I love living between the two Targets on Rea rd.  Between the two, I like the Target Far South better.  For most people coming into this Target, you will encounter a four way stop sign.  I am perfectly capable of handling a four-way stop, but 85% of people are not.  When I do my shopping and I am trying to decide which Target to go to, I will come to this one to be quick, but it I am really looking for something I head to Blakeney.  The selection here appears to smaller or picked over.  Still a great Target, but when there is less than two miles separating the two... the choice is easy.
4	My closest neighborhood Tar-jay has recently added a full grocery section even though this store is not large enough to be a Super-Target. In any case, I am pleased because now if I happen to be at Target, I can also pick up a few necessary grocery items without having to make another stop at HT or Trader Joes on the way home.  Plus, when I am looking for a quick microwave meal to take to the office, they have Kashi frozen meals at much better prices than I would pay at other stores.   As a nice bonus, if this Target happens to be out of something I wan, I can drive about a mile or so down Rea Road and check out the Blakeney Target!
4	Good store. Always has what I need.
4	Disclosure: I'm a former Wal-Mart "associate" (that's what employees are called) at the home office in Bentonville. So out of some sense of loyalty, I generally shop at Wal-Marts when I need stuff. But I've started to notice that the stores just aren't as nice as they used to be. And they certainly aren't as nice when you're not in the Bentonville area. So here in Charlotte, I've been sampling the area Target stores and I'm pleased.This shop is well lit and very clean. Smooth tiling, the carts are plentiful at the door and the one I took didn't have that one whacky wheel. Very wide aisles make it a very pleasant shopping experience.Most Targets are laid out about the same and this one was no different. The personal care and cosmetic sections are well shelved and stocked and prices are very easy to find. Clothing, home, office, auto, sports, furnishings, bedroom, bathroom, all just fab! Perhaps a little more expensive than Wal-Mart prices, but I think the difference is worth it for a better shopping experience.One of my favorite things that they do at Target is that the associates (do they call them that?) all have a walkie-talkie. So instead of the incessant mumbled overhead pages at some stores ("Manager to the front!"), it makes for a much more pleasant experience.I really liked this Target and I'll shop here again.
4	OK, I'm an Icee addict and this is one of the few places I can go for a fix in the Ballantyne area.  (Marathon Gas on JJDelaney has them too, but their machines are hit-and-miss.)I know, it's a hassle getting in and out of the StoneCrest parking lot; but, what are you going to do?  I'm a middle-aged Slurpee fan.  (If you don't know what that, a Slurpee, is, you're likely under 40 and have never been to an 7-11).  I frequently slip by on the sly for a cherry / coke blend.  We get most of our prescriptions filled there too and I've always found the Rx Staff to be very nice, if not a bit overworked.  It's not unusual for somewhat of a wait, which I've always wondered whether that is an intentional marketing technique.  I somehow end up buying something I don't need from the home & garden center.  Wish they had an automated blood pressure machine nearby, as that's always fun and a good way to burn some time.  Nice staff.  They have a LOT of checkouts; but, at times it would help to open up more of them to speed up the process.  Decent place also for the back-to-school items.  GREAT place to go if you have to buy an 8yr old boy a present, especially ones whom dig baseball or PokeMon cards. . .or whatever is popular now.  (Ask your kid, they'll know).  TarJee:  Walmart with collared shirt.
4	What I love most about this location is the variety!I'm a huge fan of shopping for fun and different clothes at Target and this location always offers a wide variety of sizes and selections for me to choose from! They seem to flawlessly transition different styles in without making the options seem cluttered or unorganized. The shoe selection is great too...I can often find my size which is really hard to do at other locations. And I must say that have an amazing clearance section. The same is true for the rest of the store, great choices and plenty of it! Another thing I really like about this location are the associates! They really make sure they are available if you need something! Often, I'll just be strolling up and down the aisles and associates will ask me if I need any help finding anything! That is great customer service!  Love this location! I'll be back often!
4	This location, at Stonecrest Shopping Center off of Rea Rd, it my go-to for my Target needs.  This is a popular shopping center, with an odd 4-way stop right at main entrance, but don't let that slow you down (well, do stop, but don't give up and go away!).  This large Target has anything and everything you need.   I find that prices are usually well marked, and if not there are several electronic price checkers throughout the store.  At the entrance, you will find customer service, which when returning things I have never had much of a wait at all.  Just past customer service is a small Target cafe - drinks, snacks and the like.  And just past that is a small Starbucks - YAY!  The pumpkin spice lattes certainly help during the Christmas shopping season.  I find the store to be well laid out and well stocked.  I can get almost all of my household needs here, along with clothing and now they have an expanded grocery section thanks to a remodel a few years ago.  The employees are helpful, checkout is relatively painless (all things considered) and it's always a clean store.  Great job, Target!
4	This Target is at a good location, inside Stonecrest. It has a Starbucks and it's little food court as well. They also have a place to print pictures, so really it's a one stop shop. Not technically a Super Target, it has a grocery section. This store is normally clean in all aspects including the bathrooms. Sometimes finding an option at the checkout can be difficult. A very popular location, they can never seem to have enough cashiers and there is always a line. They also have no clear way of blocking off a lane when the cashier is trying to go on break. On Sunday morning this place was really hopping. There were a lot of families with small children, who were upset to be awake. The parking was very limited, and it was a little difficult to get in and out.
4	My favorite target in the area. Just gotta deal with that parking lot.  Avoid during holidays...but that's all stores.
