3	Why it is good:-Drive ThruThe Bad:-Lots of traffic in an extremely small parking lot- They dont know how to make a Vanilla Tea Latte... technically this is all starbucks, but it makes me angry that the one by my house cant try to figure out how to make one. - Kills Ma and Pop coffee shops (as a company)
2	The line for this drive thru wrapped around the building and took FOREVER to move.  I realized why when I finally got to the window to pick up my grande coffee.  I wasn't even acknowledged to pay for at least 2 minutes and then it took another minute to get my coffee.  I can't imagine how much longer I would have waited for a soy latte.Normally I would run in and get my coffee but it was an early Saturday morning after a late night.  I wasn't willing to get out of the car.  In any case, next time I'm heading up to the drive thru at Glendale and 16th for a cup at McDonald's.
4	It's not local. It's not new. It's not subverting the dominant paradigm.It is, however, the only coffee drive through for a significant radius in this part of town. I live north and west, and work south and east of this particular location. Every time I stop by my drive-thru clerk is cheerful, introduces his- or herself, suggests a signature drink, and very often compliments my haircut when I get to the window. All of these things I appreciate, especially when coupled with consistently tasty beverages - right now I'm loving the short peppermint latte - served in the comfort of my own automobile (say that like you're in Sixteen Candles). It's always highly populated, make sure that you enter the parking lot from 16th Street - it's easier to get into the line from that direction. If you only have 5 minutes and you can't make a u-turn on a residential street, this location might not be for you. Please, keep your patient hats on! However, a suburban is able to negotiate the drive-thru and parking lot without a problem.
5	If you like coconut, then you have to try the new coconut frappacino's. They taste like a Samoa girl scout cookie blended in a cup. I'm usually an iced coffee kind-of-girl but when I sampled this wonder drink, I changed my order and enjoyed a little sip of paradise instead.
1	I thought I was going to die without my caffeine fix.  The drive thru line took forever and the parking lot was full.  I don't understand why after the service I got.
5	This Starbucks is awesome. They're always so good at what they do. It's clean, they're friendly. The bathrooms are always up to par. The partners are awesome and they're good at what they do. Very rarely, I've had to send a drink back and they fix it with no complaint.
