5	Most personable service with amazing prices!  I have been taking my Isuzu Rodeo  (140k miles) and my husband's S-10 (230k miles)  to Howard for years, and boy has he seen us through some dooseys (like when I broke my timing belt this summer... good times).  He has always treated me with respect and he stands behind his work.  I know this is insane for anyone to say.... but I really think he undercharges.  But he assures me that those are his prices.   He just recently opened his own business (Howard's Garage) and we are so happy to see him doing what he love, helping other people.  Thank you for your honesty and integrity Howard, and the low prices don't hurt either ; )
5	We were referred to Howard by a friend and have been so impressed. Each time I bring my car in, he tells me the minimum I need to have done (as opposed to the maximum at other places).  The price is always lower than I imagine.Last time, the steering wheel was shaking, I thought there were a lot of problems. Howard test drove my car, drained and refilled the power steering fluid, then told me the real problem was my tires.  He sent me to a tire place and DIDN'T CHARGE ME A A DIME. He is a great guy. (I love that his shirt says "Howard," it's awesome.)
5	I have been taking my vehicles to Howard for several years now.  He is always honest and so happy he opened his own business.  He is personable and honest and I highly recommend his services.  He is honest about what he will charge and if something doesn't need fixing, he won't go ahead and fix something unnecessary and then charge you for it.  It's so nice to feel confident when something happens with my vehicles that Howard will be able to fix the problem.  Highly recommend!!!
5	I was referred to Howard by my brother in law after receiving a $1800 quote from another mechanic. I took my car to Howard without informing him of this astronomical quote that I had received for my a/c compressor. He found the problem, which was the ac compressor bearing and replaced that, not the ENTIRE ac compressor! Which ended up saving me $1400!!  As a woman I always feel that I am being taken advantage of when I take my car to a mechanic. This is not the case with Howard! He is honest and fair and upon meeting him you instantly know he is a good person. In addition to receiving honest work at and honest price you will also be greeted by his adorable dog! Who could ask for more, right?
5	I have been taking my car to Howard since he was at another business. He is fair and honest and won't take advantage. He only fixes what is wrong. I will only trust my car with him.
