3	The BRGR truck is now parked at the parking lot across from the courthouse(Forbes & Grant) M-F, 11a-3p. This is a nice addition to the downtown lunch scene, especially in light of Winghart's closing for renovations. The truck has a pared-down menu consisting of about 5 beef/veggie/turkey burgers(All around $8), 3 sides($3), basic shakes($4), and a few daily specials. Interestingly, the truck has brought back BRGR's old 'Add Foie Gras to anything' policy - $12 extra gets you a slice of guilty decadence. The service on the truck is pretty quick, our burgers were ready in under 10 minutes from ordering, served to us in paper boat trays wrapped in tin foil. There isn't really anywhere to sit in the parking lot of the truck, so you'll need to have somewhere else to eat, especially in the cold. Additionally, we went around 1pm and there was a short line of about 3 people. For more about the burgers you can read any one of the numerous reviews at the restaurant. The food here is identical, definitely not my favorite burgers in town. My burger tasted like it got an excessive salt rub - big crunchy hunks of salt were charred to the bottom of my burger, and while I like salty food, it was way too much, and overpowered the tiny bit of chipotle mayo. Moreso than its food though, the BRGR TRCK(ha) is important politically. Pittsburgh's laws on food trucks are arcane and are inhibiting a lot of great businesses that are now operating only at events. You can read more about the effort to get Pittsburgh's laws changed here: http://pghmobilefood.com/ . In the meantime though, BRGR's truck is getting the word out that trucks can provide quick, affordable lunches, and increase the diversity of available food to downtown workers that would be otherwise unaware of these issues.So, go out and grab a burger and help Pittsburgh catch up to other cities with great and vibrant food truck communities. Additional note: You can get the truck at your event/business for a minimum food purchase of $500 for the first 2 hours. More info on the website. Cards accepted, too.
3	Was excited to see a food truck downtown.  I parked in the strip, and walked about 15 minutes to get to it.  The pricing was a little high in my opinion.  $8 for a burger.  It was pretty meaty, but still $8 is a lot.  That being said, I don't like massive meat patties on burgers.  All I could taste was the beef, and not the toppings.  I know some people like that, but it's not for me.  I always order a little burger at 5 guys too, because I like to taste toppings in addition to the burger.  Like I said, some people will like that, but it's not for me.  They have interesting burgers of the day.  Mine had pot roast and onion rings on it.  I thought it was pretty unique, and had a good taste.  Overall, I'd say if you like the kind of burgers they serve, it's definitely worth a try.
4	It was nice to see a food truck on the streets (ok, a parking lot) of Pittsburgh. I got an Average Joe and chips, which came out to $10.70. This was more than my normal lunch but it was nice to have something hot, fresh, and most importantly tasty.The chips were to die for. The dip that comes with it is spicy but well rounded.The burger was amazing. Juicy and fresh its much better than the other burger places downtown and even in Pittsburgh.
5	MOBILE BRGR TRUCK! Good to know. If it's anything like the restaurant, and it comes to me... well it's gotta be good.
3	So I finally got to visit the BRGR truck. I walked outside at work downtown and followed my nose to right outside of the Oxford Center Building where the truck resides. They offer a slimmed down version of their restaurant menu which includes beef, veggie or turkey burgers(your choice) and various sides. The burgers are $7 and the sides are typically $3. I got the steak burger very pink and it was delicious. It's not as good as the competition's steak house burger(Burgatory) but it still satisfied. The staff are friendly and very quick. I waited less than 5 minutes for my burger. It was as I ordered it, very pink and and presented well with a wooden holder to hold it together. They also offer shakes as well, just like the competition. I still say if you want just a plain cheeseburger that Tessaro's has the best tasting beef in Pittsburgh. But, if you work downtown and you want a delicious burger with multiple options, then this truck is for you. I will be going back again soon as it was pretty good for a food truck.
2	This is my first time eating a burger that came off of a food truck and this will probably be my last time.I got the Average Joe and it was just okay.   I've definitely had better burgers.     It wasn't an awful tasting burger but it was incredibly mediocre and boring.The reason why I will never eat here again is because I got violently sick immediately after eating this burger.    It has been hours since I've eaten this devil and it is still wreaking havoc on my digestive tract.    Taste - just okayCleanliness / sanitation - very poor - stay away
