1	Please go elsewhere!!!I was the first one in at 7:30 am to replace my tires and get an oil change.  The shady service writer tried to sell me his own tires from his personal vehicle that he stored in the back. That should have been the first sign to get out. Since he said it was going to be 2 hours, I decided to wait in the lounge. Two hours later, the mechanics were just chit chatting in the shop, taking their time and my car was still on the lift.  After 4 hours of waiting, I was pissed and they knew it so I was offered a ride home.  To my surprised, after the service was finally done (8 hours later), they delivered my car to my house.  So, I thanked and tipped them.  Well, 2 months later, I traded my car in and the dealership advised me that my oil dip stick handle broke off completely. Those MFer's at Goodyear broke it off knowing full well I would not be looking under the hood for sometime! Who knows what else they did to my car?!!I'll tell everyone I know about my experience so it doesn't happen to them. KARMA.
1	Forget this place. Bought tires here3 and a half year ago, and they would not honor my 4 year warranty. Weather cracks were covered by the manufacturer warranty but the manager insisted that I would have had to buy the road hazard insurance. Shady and evil. Avoid. Their warranties mean nothing.
1	They seem to tell everyone it would take 2 hrs to do anything.  We got our breaks fixed and tires rotated here a couple of months back.  Now we have problems with the breaks - the steering wheel vibrates we try to break. and whenever we press on the break it makes weird noises.What a half-assed job they did.Now we're sitting in the lounge waiting for them to fix the problems they created.  It's been more than 2 hrs and the car is still sitting there.HORRIBLE SERVICE.  THESE PEOPLE HAVE NO ETHICS.
1	Hell NO!, do not go here i repeat..do not go there, i don't even know where to begin..People make a honest living, but these guys are dirty
2	Took my car here to have an oil change and brake inspection... After 3 hours I drove by and my car was in the parking lot... Called to check on the status and they couldn't remember who I was by my name or my car type... He then said "oh yeah, it's ready" I double checked and ask what the result of the inspection was, he put me on hold and came back and said he was mistaken they were still checking the brakes... Liar!! They totally forgot to check considering the tire rotation was included with my oil change, so at some point my tires were already off my car.Come to find out I needed a whole new front brake system... $500 and 30 minutes later my car was ready to go... I felt the experience was a little shady and odd that the guy at the counter didn't try to upsell me at all... Now I hope my new brakes hold up :/
1	Dishonest and incompetente employees. Manager Tom did us a "discount" and "payment plan". However, he never gave us receipts of our payments because he was not allow to do payments but he was violating this rule as a favor to us. I went there to repair the car air conditioner and he found other things wrong with the car, that's when he offer us the discount and payment plan. After they supposedly repaired everything I found myself going back to repair the air conditioner twice. I realize that they had no clue of what they were doing, they were just ripping me off. Obviously because I didn't have any receipt I couldn't do anything.
5	They have twice been the cheapest and given the CORRECT service. I have an older spare car, a 93 Buick LeSabre, which 3 other "mechanics" messed with wasting my time and money- only to have the problem still occur. These guys FIXED the real problem, an electrical issue, and even worked with me allowing me to keep it in the parking lot till I could find a garage to store it in. They took the time to explain the issue, were honest, an provided a good value. The other service I received here was a break job on my '06 grand Cherokee. Nearly $200 LESS than everywhere else I got a quote from. This place will be my new local shop. Being from out of town, it feels good to have a mechanic shop I can actually trust! Edward - thanks for your flexibility and service!! :-)
1	NEVER NEVER NEVER AGAIN will I step foot into this place.  The customer service is so rude. I have never been treated like that before. I had walked in and no one helped me, I stood there for about 5 minutes until they finally came to the counter.  He  told me that it was going to be a 90 minutes wait, I said, "wow, I don't know if I can wait that long" and then he walked away......UHH, I am still going to get it sir.  Well,  I had a coupon for $16.44 but when I tried to use it the man said that it was for card holders only, he wanted to me to sign up for a credit card with them and then gave me the $29 bill.  I said, no thanks and walked out! Not a friendly place!
