3	Small boutique shop near Southpark. Helpful staff. Small, but interesting selection. This is the kind of place where you can find a cool, one-of-a-kind piece of clothing for a casual night out. Jewelry, jeans, and other accessories.
5	Great boutiques are few and far between, but Scout & Molly's is one of, if not my favorite, boutiques in Charlotte. To be completely upfront, there was a short span of four months or so when I worked an occasional weekend day here...but let's be honest...I didn't really make any money...I "reinvested" it all back into the store...for good reason!Megan, the owner, plucks some of the most chic and creative clothes and jewelry to showcase. You'll find brands like T Los Angeles, BB Dakota, Greylin, Seven For All Mankind, Alice & Trixie, Joy Joy, Joe's Jeans, etc. Plus, this is the only boutique in Charlotte that carries Rebecca Taylor. Sweet! Clothing prices can range considerably because the lines appeal to different markets. Make sure you check out the sale section, too - they are always deals to be had. This shop certainly appeals to a variety of women - different ages, price points, styles, which I personally find really great. And...I always walk out of here with something (much to husband's dismay). The jewelery is all made my local or regional designers and is definitely on the affordable front. Expect *most* necklaces to run in the $30-$60 range, earrings $15-$35, cuffs and bracelets $20-$40. This is a general price range, folks, so I'm sure if you dig you will find a $15 pair of earrings or a $75 necklace. Jewelry brands include Murphy, Sylvia Benson, Lush, Towne & Reese & more. The employees here (even outside of my short stint of reinvestment) are some of the nicest around. They will give you their honest opinion (if asked) and are happy to help you find whatever you need. Whether you're looking for a cocktail dress for a gala, a new top for a bachelorette party or a gift for your best friend, they will have you covered. I'll definitely be back here soon...happy shopping!
5	Full disclosure - my friend owns the store. BUT, we didn't become friends until after I started shopping at Scout & Molly's and that really says something about the shopping experience.Sure, they want you to buy clothing but building relationships and making customers feel welcome is what they are all about. I've often found myself lounging in the sitting area, reading fashion magazines and talking with Megan, the owner, and other customers.The general price range is $100-$250. I personally like to hit them up for Rebecca Taylor, Alex & Ani and J Brands. In the fall and winter, be on the lookout for Love Quotes scarves and Autumn Cashmere.I'd also like to give Scout & Molly's and big KUDOS for being a fur-free Charlotte boutique.
4	Love the jewelry. Need I say more? Well, the jewelry was the main draw to get me in the door. They sell jewelry by local artists, such as Murphy, Towne & Reese, and also a few other lines...which I really love Sylvia Benson (as evidenced by my holiday wish list)!! I'll need to spend a bit more time in here making my way through the clothes. However, from a glance, the clothes are stylish, visually appealing, and seem to range from trendy to classic. The store itself is well organized, clean, and spacious. There are even cushy couches when your shopping partner needs to rest.
5	Really love this shop! Megan, the owner, is always helpful and friendly. She makes you feel at home and not out of place- no matter what you have on! Some boutiques judge you based on what you come in wearing, but not here.I can always find great jewelry here or a cute top.
2	I really do love the clothing at Scout & Molly's. Have purchased a few items over the years. The prices are high for what you get though. The quality isn't the best either. I find loose buttons and random thread sticking out of clothes all the time. Their denim prices are laughable. A skimpy, ripped up pair of short shorts will be priced over $100. They should feel embarrassed about this. I can get the exact replica for $20 at Banana Republic, Gap, or J. Crew.
