2	This place rates as a decent "place to park your carcass," but outside of that, it doesn't have many redeeming qualities.  It is an older hotel located behind a strip club.  The card readers in the door locks barely work.  It took me a dozen tries just to get into my room.  The breakfast is mediocre at best.  But thankfully there's a Waffle House next door, so don't even bother with the stale pastries and cereal.  If I had to spend more than eight hours in this hotel (and seven of those sleeping) I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  But as a place simply to spend the night, it'll suffice.
2	NEVER AGAIN!  Decor very dated. Towels were dingy. Outdoor corridors needed a good hosing. Pool area disgusting (dirty). Cigarette butts everywhere. Ignored to use pol at the Arizona Grand...tried to save a few bucks, but was thoroughly disappointed.  Wi-Fi worked intermittently. Small tv, dis not swivel. Phone cord TAPED with scotch tape.
1	This has to rate one of the worst motels I've stayed at.  I stayed here with my daughters' for a gymnastics meet in January 2012.  Upon entering our room, I was immediately disappointed.  After my daughter took a shower I had to call the front desk to get more "towels".  The guy told me I had to come and get them myself!  What?  He handed me two "towels" and I looked at him and laughed.  I think he was getting them from the car wash pile.  Seriously, they were like small, used, hard, scratchy towels.  I had to get a few more to do the job.  There was a party going on upstairs and they didn't quiet down until after midnight.  The place was dingy and dirty.  I was afraid to touch anything and I couldn't wait to leave.  I booked it for the free wifi.  Unfortunately, the wifi couldn't reach us at the back side of the hotel.  I even tried the "porch" and stairs.  I ended up needing to stay an additional night and was not about to stay there again!  It's on my list of "never agains".
3	My wife and I stayed here during our Spring Training trip.This place is a little run down but good enough for spending  a few days. Close to Diablo stadium.The reason this is 3 instead of 4 stars is housekeeping. Our room wasn't ready until after 4 pm and each day housekeeping left a little to be desired.
3	Okay so lets clear one thing up.. this place is a dump. But for under $20 a night it is a-okay for me. With all the money we saved I've got some extra cash to hit the strip club that sits directly in front. All kidding aside this place has impeccable location and is pretty much only a couple miles away from anything you can think to do. Of course the rooms are a little outdated and boring but its only a place to rest your head. And you can do that in peace. This has to be one of the quietest hotels I've been too. Almost seems like everyone is scared away from Christie's out front..
1	I reserved this hotel for a short stay and I am very disappointed with everything around here. I booked it 5 days before and when I came here to check in , the front desk guy said my room is already occupied. After a  angry conversation I end up in handicapped room.
5	Absolutely awesome. They just went through a renovation. Completely gutted everything. The check in was effortless. The easiest check in I have ever experienced. The room was gorgeous. Brand new everything. Granite countertops in the bathroom. The most wonderful bed. I wanted to take it home with me! This is the best motel find we have found to date. You will not be disappointed when you stay here.
4	The negative reviews posted on here are out of date.  I stayed at this Ramada last week and it was absolutely beautiful.  The room was modern and clean, the staff was friendly, and the continental breakfast was delicious.  I would happily stay here again.  The only negative-ish comment I have is that it's directly behind a "gentlemen's club"  but, truthfully, once I got into the room I couldn't care less about what was next door, the hotel room was a nice retreat after a long day of driving.
4	I am here now. With balankets I brought from home thinking the blankets aren't that clean but I am taking it back to the car trunk.  This place is very clean, very cheap, and very very cool when the outside temperature it's over 110+f. I don't understand about negative comments. Maybe things have changed a little. One negative star is for the access to the inn from east bound. I have to make a U turn. Other than that everything is just right.
5	I booked online in the summer direct on their website and got an excellent rate (under $50) for one of the cleanest and nicest hotels I have stayed at in a long time.I highly recommend this as a luxury stay for a reasonable/cheap price, next to AZ Mills Mall, golf courses, excellent restaurants, and lots of other sights. Not far from ASU, easy access to I-10, Rt. 60, and the 101. Great stay, next time I'll stay here longer!
4	Cheap hotel but you get a nice clean room the rooms are updated and very nice for what you pay, nice pool area and breakfast!
2	Not the worst hotel. Comfortable bed with a decent TV. The staff are rude and nosy. We were given a ridiculous fine because we didn't read what we signed carefully. Watch out. Location is great right by the mall and highways. Although, at night it can be noisy and creepy because it is literally RIGHT BEHIND a strip club. We stayed 7 nights and every day the housekeeping came at a different time..got woke up as early 9:am which is rough if you plan on going out all night. Housekeeping does not clean the floors or toilets they pretty much do the bare minimum...The hotel itself isn't bad at all....the staff is just bad.
4	Ok stayed here on a last minutes notice and was impressed. Yes it has a strip club next door that I'm upset I did not have time to attend. For those that complained, maybe you should loosen up and next time go inside Christie's and see if you have a blast. Ok back to ramada. Lol. The room was very nice for I think 100 bucks. Very clean nice fixtures. The bed was comfortable and enough towels for a party of 4. Did not try the continental breakfast but thats for the free loaders. So Waffle House up front is the best since non in Cali.
4	Stayed for spring training. Did really have problems with employees except cleaning crew.  Did 1 out of 2 beds besides that great time.  Had a waffle house n a strip club in front, and a mall across the street. That was a plus.
5	Great Service, we were offered water as soon as we got to the hotel. Such a nice touch. Modern decor, very nice hotel for the price. Beds were comfortable, rooms were very nice. Pool was great especially for the weather. Breakfast was good, came with bacon, sausage, eggs, waffles, cereal, etc. (buffet style) Overall I would definitely reccomend this hotel to anyone. Everything went smoothly.
2	I booked this hotel based on Yelp positive reviews, but I was very disappointed. My room was modern with a large bathroom and flat screen tv, but the carpet and bedding felt incredibly damp and yucky, the bathroom mirror had splatter all over it (poor housekeeping), and the bed was lumpy. By far my biggest complaint was the loud/disruptive sound of people constantly rolling their luggage outside my room - even late at night. I had a corner room so I heard footsteps up and down the walkway all night.
1	Visa gift card, free night stay, discount!?Wondering if that's what the management is handing out for good reviews. The area is odd to say the least. A lot of transients walking through the open parking lot 0.o at all hours.Room is clean but it has an awful stench and it's supposed to be smoke free. It doesn't smell like smoke it smells like mold or mildew. I tried spraying the room with body spray thinking it was temporary but that's not the case. The entrance is just one way! How inconvenient on such a busy street, lets hope you're not in hurry to get out or come back to your smelly room. I'm to stay another night but that's NOT going to happen. Book at your own risk!
