4	Cute clothes + good prices = a happy me.    Like XI, the quality isn't great but handwashing helps extend the life.
3	Cute, trendy clothes. The quality is much better than xi. Always sales going on.
1	Tuesday night I walked into the store at approximately 8:20 pm, looking to get a black skirt. I did not receive one greeting from the employees working, after a few minutes one finally said "what can I help you find?" I responded that "I was just browsing". I felt very rushed being glared at by employees that were clearly in a rush to get off work. After being asked a second time if I need any help, I quickly picked up a black skirt and walked to the check out. I did not try the skirt on because the employees continued to make me feel as though my being there was an inconvenience to them. The next morning I put the skirt on and carefully took off the tag. I noticed there was a hole in the back, and the tag sewn in to the back was ripped off. Thursday evening I returned back to the Desert Ridge location to try and simply exchange it for a skirt without a hole. I spoke with the merchandise manager that was on duty, she informed me despite the fact that I had a receipt and my tag she could not exchange the skirt because the price tag was not attached. I informed her that when I was in on Tuesday I just picked one off the rack and checked out. She said to me "that skirt should have been on the damaged rack." And she "didn't know how I got a damaged skirt with no tag." She told me there was still nothing she could do for me. The fact that she did not do her job to put a hole-y skirt on the damaged rack, is not my problem. It became my problem when I now have an unwearable skirt that I cannot even exchange because your 16 year old employees are so pathetically lazy. Call me crazy, but I did not even ask for my money back after this horrible experience, all I wanted was another skirt without any holes.
5	Great place to shop at Desert Ridge.  My husband and I spotted a really cute outfit in the window for our daughter but she was at AMC.  The clerk said to send our daughter back in after the movie and they will hold her stuff for her until I could get back to pay for what she had picked out.  Now that is great service.  They always have great prices.
3	I've experienced that lack of greeting (major pet peeve) at this store, but the last couple of times we have been greeted with warm smiles and welcoming words. The store is always clean and organized, even midday. Cute & trendy clothes for teens and young adults. If you are petite, this is definitely your store. If you are more of an average size or above (think size 7/8 & above), stick with the tops, shoes, and accessories; the bottoms run way too small. The clothing is cheap in quality, so unless you're going to be very delicate with the care process, it's not worth paying full price for anything here, IMO. (Sale. Sale. Sale!)Customer service:DD found some cute pants that she really liked and wanted, but they only had a large or an xtra small. She needed either small or medium. One of the workers (may have been a manager), came over and offered to help me find the needed size. When we couldn't find it she offered a different print/color. I advised her that DD wanted the other print. She said that the larger sizes go first, and that was the end of that. I don't expect Lamborghini service at a Yugo shop, but I thought it was pretty standard customer service to offer to check and see if another store has the item for which your customer is searching.  Read the fine print. Before you hand over that cash or credit card, be sure to read their return policy, which is posted at the cash register. Some items are non-refundable &/or non-exchangeable, so be sure it's what you want before you pay for it.
