4	I went to Calistro for its opening weeked and I have to say everything was fresh and delicious. The staff was motivated and excited about not only the restaurants opening, but its concept. As we learned, the restaurant's owner has thought out each essential detail of the restaurant. He is also determined to make as many facets of Calistro locally influenced, all the way down to the pecan wood trimmings from a local Arizona retailer.Now, to the food! Each food item is noticeably prepared with the freshest ingredients. Therefore, if you are used to eating foods with more processed ingredients, the food may seem to lack that belly busting punch. We ate appetizers, main course and desert. I left feeling satisfied, but not ill. I highly recommend the chicken, flatbread and creme brulee (butterscotch, not butterscotchy, but just a hint). Also, they offer their deserts for $5 and are a reasonable portion - I often thought restaurants should do cheaper and smaller deserts and patrons would be more likely to get that final course. They have a great Happy Hour menu, 7 days a week, which features $5 glasses of wine, a list of appetizers that are about 1/2 off, as well as other great deals. I can't wait to try their lunch menu!
5	My husband and I had dinner here last night and we were truly thrilled with our experience.While it has only been open about a week now you would think they have been there forever....the service was flawless.I was especially intrigued when I viewed their website which stated that the Chef does not use mayonnaise, heavy butter sauces and heavy cream sauces and that he can create meals just as tasty without the fat.....and I must say this is not a lie! The food was amazing. My husband was extremely happy with his meal of Chicken Sausage Flatbread and Lamb Meatballs (made with Moroccan spices, Feta, Almonds, Carrot salad and pomegranate BBQ sauce)...he kept saying "you have to yelp this place!" lol I tried everything my husband ordered plus the Organic Vegetarian Plate which was also delicious. For drinks I had the Calistro Classic Martini made with organic vodka...yes organic vodka!...and very tasty calistro marinated olives. They also have an amazing wine list which I will have to start trying next time : ) Our waiter Adam was awesome.....helpful, friendly and efficient and seemed to have a great passion for food and wine.The ambience is also especially beautiful around sunset as the restaurant has lots of glass to allow lots of beautiful natural light : )Cannot recommend this restaurant enough. My husband and I will be back many times. We are  very happy to have such a great restaurant in our neighborhood! : )
3	Love the farm fresh concept, like the service, food varied from great down to alright and value was, eh... ok.First, I want to applaud the "Farm to Table" concept - using local and organic is a nice selling point.  And the seafood did seem fresh, so they are doing something right!  Presentation is clearly a priority - both the food and the staff - they have been well trained and the ONLY staff in Phoenix to always follows the "lower left, raise right" service protocol!So I -wanted- to give this place 4 stars.  But while I liked it, I'm just not going to add it to my heavy rotation. It's the value part of the equation - When I got the bill, I just felt like it was a bit too much to pay for what I got.The Good:* Chicken Sausage Flatbread: great app! Fresh veggies, thin, crisp bread and the hint-of-sweet pomegranate BBQ the perfect foil for the sausage.* Pork Tenderloin: This was the best of the four dishes we ordered - tender, medium rare, laid atop the cornbread (a delicious sauce-delivery-mechanism) - very savory, well-rounded flavor.The OK:* Falafel Bites: good flavor, good presentation sitting on a slice of cucumber, but very tiny. For the four of us, the five small bites made us think "amuse-bouche".* Prawn Pasta: three huge, gorgeous, tasty prawns amid an average pesto pasta.* Tazmanian King Salmon: tender, flaky and with a good miso flavor.* Chef's Special: It was fish, freshly flown from the Pacific, wrapped around crab, teetering atop the embellishments.  The dish was pleasant, tender, but lacked anything other than the presentation to make it remarkable.All in all, I'd come here again if the prices were a bit lower - but while I'm watching my budget, there are other places in the valley that give as good food for less.
2	I wanted to love this place based on the food hype, but...alas...I was underwhelmed. Inside decor is pleasant with soothing contemporary colors and woods. If you sit at a window table your view is that of the parking lot,  so this restaurant should be about the food, music, and inward-directed ambiance.  The music I can't remember. The food was good, but not special. First courses are expensive and ordinary. Fish dishes are nicely done. I did not need the waiter harping on the fact the food is all organic, etc. I expected that.  A few interesting wines by the glass. Beware that soft drinks like lemonade and iced tea come in glasses with a hundred ice cubes and refills are an extra $. That's a rip-off, especially when you are out with your AA friends or your under-aged kids!  They said they'd take off the charge for the refills, but my point was: don't nickel and dime customers with such charges. Maybe in a few months the raison d'etre of this nice place will gel.  I hope it will develop a friendly, easy to love menu, a gastronomic (?) level just above The Herb Box (only a mile away)--so us locals can swing by more often for meals.
3	This is a pretty nice place for sure. Modern decor. You can go in formally dressed or relaxed because, hey, it's a "Bistro". The food ingredients are locally grown organics, a lot like Cafepino at the 101 mall.Don't let the 3 star rating fool you though...The flat bread appetizer is incredible coming from a stone cook oven. It easily feeds two as a meal and for a party of four it will definitely take the edge off so a long pause between main course is welcome.The chef is a seafood chef and has explored the red meat side of things to give the menu a broader selection and of the 4 of us they hit a 50/50 shot with the main courses.Here's why only 3 stars...I had a fantastic short rib meal nicely seasoned, meat came apart like a roast cooked to perfection and placed on mashed potatoes in a delectable dark sauce it was magnificent! My wife's Filet at 30 bones had the potential to be something along a fine steak house since my meal was so fantastic, but they cooked the outside it looked like on a pan and left the interior too rare and all it did was make the meat tough and under cooked. Maestros still has any steakhouse beat head to head so they have a high standard to measure up to.Out friends had the Chicken Sausage and noodles, a major thumbs down and the other the Alaskan scallops which were brilliantly prepared and presented.It appears from a guests point of view that they should stay with what they know. I think I got lucky with my dish because they can prepare the meat and cook it properly. A steak however has to me made on the spot and that takes a steak expert to get it right. This chef is not a steak expert, he's a seafood cook.My advice, stay with the flat bread for an appetizer and try the fish :-)All The Best!~Stew~
4	Our experience at Calistro started out a little shaky, when the server first informed us that the fish of the day was sold out (at 8pm on a slow Tuesday night) and then, after we asked how the Alaskan scallop entree was prepared, informed us that the chef couldn't get the scallops from Alaska that day and had instead gotten them from Japan (not a big deal, but still, it seems like they have some issues with supply). However, the rest of the experience was totally delightful.The hummus starter was great - what really makes the dish is their flatbread, cooked in their wood oven with some oil and garlic. The summer roll starter was equally great, a mix of very strong flavors that almost overpowered the tuna a little too much, but it was so tasty I didn't care.The salmon entree was everything you can ask from this kind of California cuisine. The fish was incredibly fresh, perfectly cooked, and lightly seasoned, sitting on a bed of vegetables and a delicious lemon sauce. I also had a side of the wood roasted seasonal vegetables, which would compliment any entree nicely.When it comes to dessert, I often like to pick the most unique dish, one I've never or rarely seen elsewhere, and Calistro's dairy-free rice pudding certainly fit that bill. It was the ideal refreshing dessert to end a nice meal with.I really like what they have going here, with a "farm-to-table" approach that focuses on the ingredients and bringing out the best in them. It's no Chez Panisse, but it's nice to see some Valley restaurants heading more in that direction. Prices are reasonable (no entrees over $30;  sides and desserts around $5-6), service is terrific, and the subtle decor keeps the focus on the food. They're located in a new, half-empty DC Ranch strip center that many people probably don't even know exists. In addition, the space is huge and their rent probably matches. Given those factors, I wouldn't be surprised if they're not around long, but that would be a shame. Hopefully, Valley diners will seek Calistro out to give it a try!
1	I live right up the street and eagerly awaited the opening of Calistro last year.  Blech.  Been there three times, three times too many.  Food is not good, ridiculously overpriced, service is confused.  I really wanted to love Calistro, but I don't.
4	For some unknown reason, I wasn't that motivated to get in to try Calistro. It has the elements I like: fresh, rotating menu with food sourced from local and regional places. Not sure why I hesitated. My parents were in town last month and wanted to stay in the area for dinner, so we chose Calistro. I'm so glad I finally took the plunge! It was a very pleasant dining experience - excellent service and nice ambiance. The tables were a bit close together causing my mom to do a lot of that "I-have-no-idea-what-you're-saying" nodding and smiling since the table behind her was rather loud. But that's more of the patrons - can't blame the restaurant. They had an excellent wine selection. I chose to stay local with an AZ wine that was great (wish I could remember the name). The food was also very good. I tried the butternut squash soup which had a wonderful cinnamon-sweet flavor. For my main course, I got the beef brisket, which ended up being the envy of several people at the table. The beef had excellent flavor and were accompanied by a great pairing of vegetables (not the steamed usual suspects). I will definitely be visiting Calistro again! I want to go for a wine/appetizer/dessert night to be able to sample even more of their food. It is in a new development that doesn't have a lot traffic yet, so I really hope word spreads and Calistro can build up a loyal clientel.
3	I am with Michelle L. and Kathleen K. on Calistro. It sounds like a lot of you have tried this place for happy hour, and I think maybe that is their real specialty. It is ridiculously over priced for dinner, and it is disappointing like Kathleen K. said that they nickle and dime you with everything. I thought the ambiance and decor was terrific but the meal was nothing out of this world. I had the falafel bites, and the falafel was way over done and tasted a bit burnt. I had Chicken Meatball Putenesca and my husband had the BBQ burger. Already these plates are 17-18 and do not come with  salad or fries, any extras are a la carte. This is my philosophy, I do not want a big portion, it is a waste of food and I am not going to finish it. So at least if these restaurants could add veggies and sides to the entree, make it worth my while. Forget dessert, we already spent 92.00 + a tip. I do not think they had much on the menu at all. But I think the other Yelper's out there had the right idea and went for happy hour. Maybe if there is a next time that is what we will do.
3	Nice little north Scottsdale restaurant. I wasn't really feeling the 'farm fresh' concept that seems to be the basis of the restaurant though. I was expecting a much younger feel but the decor and vibe was more 40+ Scottsdale socialite than 20+ urban organic hipster.They have a reverse happy hour from 9:30 to close. We arrived at 9pm and it was pretty empty, adding more to the sterile vibe. Sat in the bar and ordered a couple of apps for the table to share and a bottle of wine, then ordered one of everything from the happy hour menu at 9:30 and another bottle. The best things about Calistro are the presentation and the service, both 5 stars. Outstanding on both counts. The food was really good and I think the sweet spot here is for the happy hour on the way home from a movie or something. A 7pm dinner would feel a little bland to me.Dishes of note: Falafel, Flatbread, short rib sliders, lamb meatballs were all excellent. I wasn't a huge fan of the fish taco or the ravioli (it was really dry and flavorless to me, my companions loved them)I don't know if I'd plan a dinner here, but I'd definitely go back for happy hour. If the weather was a bit warmer they had some great fires and couches on the outside patio overlooking the city. Other than to sit out there, I wouldn't come with a group of more than 4.Cliffs- meh atmosphere- great service/presentation- pretty good food- meh value, good value during happy hour- one of the best restaurants for sure in the Pima corridor location
5	Can't believe it took us 7 months to return here.....better late than never. I am happy to say the food and service are just as great as we remembered.We had a lovely lunch here today. I tried the chicken wrap....all natural chicken, avocado, vegetable slaw, organic romaine, ceasar dressing and perfectly toasted....very tasty.My husband had the Daily Fish which I think was Sea Bass....it was served on a beautiful selection of fresh vegetables with a preserved lemon emulsion. He loved it.For dessert I had to try the Chocolate Souffle Cake after the waiter said it was his favorite and described it. Wow! It is truly decadent and delicious! Another wonderful experience : )
2	First off, the place is beautiful and has a great looking bar. The rest, was one big meh. Our server was disinterested and the food we had just looked flat out lazy. My wife had the Caprese salad and it was awful. The cheese was certainly not fresh and the tomatoes (which were in season btw) were very tired. Ive had great Caprese numerous times so Im not just talkin out my arse. My dish was also sub par. I had the short ribs, which is one of my favorite dishes. The beef was cooked well, but the flavor was lacking and the rest of the dish including the vegetables looked terrible and the presentation of the dish just looked sloppy. Heres the deal, if your gonna charge $12 for caprese and $26 for short ribs, they better be damn good. These werent and the service was equally over priced. Its a shame cause the place looks great.
5	Wow!  This place is pretty awesome.  Food is A++ I must say.  I'm not a big fan of Americana food, but this place definitely impressed me.  I just had their BBQ Burger and it was popping.  I love the layout of the place; high ceilings and very open.  Their patio is pretty narrow but still awesome.  However only one small fire pit...then again we live in PHX.  Service was good...nothing to rave about, but our waiter was cool.  I was there during happy hour/dinner and it wasn't too busy so if you just want a good drink or two with a friend ... you know where to go ;)
4	we had a coupon for dinner here so we decided to leave our sanctuary and venture to north scottsdale for this dining experience. beautiful setting and the menu wasn't too overwhelming. the happy hour looked like a great deal, so maybe we'll head back for that. we only got shared plates because all the entree dishes were ridiculously overpriced. the fish of the day? cod. and 28 bucks for THAT? cod? thats just crazy....28 bucks for cod. if you want more people to eat organic and local, you gotta cut the cost. why on earth would a middle class family of four eat somewhere that serves organic and fresh but it costs a month salary when they can just go to freaking california pizza kitchen or cheese cake factory for half the price? anyway, so although we can luckily afford a few organic pleasures every now and then, i'll cook my own wild caught fish for a fraction of the cost. so all our shared plates were good...the tuna, the falafel, the ravioli, and the beet salad. but our server was so "miss". not that it was his fault, i don't know. he said it was the kitchen. in any case, we had to wait over 30 minutes for our first appetizer. they slowly came out on time after that. and then we indulged in the p-butter mousse and apple crisp and both were delectable. and as a show of gratitude, we were comp'd the dessert due to our long food wait! now that's good business in my book. so we'll probably go back and try the happy hour menu. don't get me wrong, the food is tasty and probably very healthy, just a wee on the pricey side for what you get.
5	We dined here this evening for an early birthday dinner.  The fish special - Cod was absolutely AMAZING!  One of the most flavorful dishes I have ever eaten.   If you haven't been to this Bistro - you are missing out on a really good place to dine.
3	LOCATION: Northeast Scotsdale in a shopping center containing Lush Burger, an organic food grocery store, dentist office, etc. near middle of nowhere with vast areas of desert and mountain views 360. ATMOSPHERE: Simple, sleek, trendy, modern. Casual attire appropriate. Nice patio area with views of the mountains.FOOD: They tout all organics and farm-to-table dishes. They serve some of non-dairy creamy dishes (mushroom soup, ceasar dressing) which would be great for those vegans out there. Many interesting and classic dishes. We ordered:1. Lamb meatballs - comes with lettuce (Boston I believe), which was super fresh and carrot slaw type of concoction. The veggies were great BUT the meatballs (6-8 pieces) themselves were odd tasting..... I can't pinpoint why..... Different type of lamb?? The fellow frequent lamb eater also corroborated that finding so it wasn't just me. Not a fan of this one.2. Falafel (6-8 pieces) - pretty presentation! Came in lollipop style with cucumber slice, falafel, hummus, cumin mustard, topped with pickled onion. These were yummy but I've had better falafel. 3. Chicken wrap with side salad - I usually order something more interesting at these types of places but I was in the mood. Yummy! Had avocado, chicken, romaine, shredded carrots, some other sauce which was light wrapped in a grilled tortilla. Also came with choice of field greens with lemon vinaigrette or fries. I took the salad which was light and refreshing.4. Bread pudding - the flavor was good and I could tell they use homemade bread. The orange caramel sauce was awesome. However. The dessert was not heated all the way through and was cold in the middle :( Sad... Such a simple mistake. Came with some brittle which was very nice and not too hard.SERVICE: Okay.... Some issues here. We were greeted promptly. Once we were seated and looked at the menu for 15 minutes and finally decided they tell us they gave us the dinner menu instead .... So we got the lunch menus and refigured our orders. My lunch buddy ordered the fish of the day which was cod BUT was brought back salmon instead.... Waiter offered to change order but we didn't want to bother with that so they brought is dessert on the house instead. Otherwise the waiter was very good.    PERKS: Happy hour from 3-7 daily but I'm not sure what that entails exactly since they didn't really advertise it. We used a groupon deal - $20 for $50 worth of food. They accepted the iPhone electronic version of the certificate via the Groupon app.PARKING: Large shopping center lot. Plenty of space.CONCLUSION: So much potential but does not carry out smoothly... Food was good but not amazing. Overall not a bad place.
3	The place has a great modern look w Rothko-ish paintings in the walls.  Met 2 friends for dinner here (one had a Groupon for $50)... We missed happy hour (until 7) which sounds like a great deal (on their website). We split 3 items:  the hummus appetizer with amazing flatbread from the brick oven, the Mediterranean sausage flatbread/pizza (ditto) and the chicken sausage puttanesca. The hummus was terrific and we asked for more of that flatbread to finish it off.  The pizza was also very good, e.  I liked the puttanesca...but it was not spicy as I would have expected and the portion was small for the price (we told the manager and he brought us more noodles and sauce).  My friends thought the noodles were too al dente...but as I said, I liked it.   Limited, but interesting beer selection (though glasses seemed small).  We didn't really check out the wine list. The staff is friendly and fun.  We enjoyed our visit and would come back (me for the beet salad).  It was a bit pricey (except the hummus)  - but the Groupon helped.  I think I'd try happy hour next time.It's not a sports bar by any stretch - but the BB playoffs were on and the 2 flat screens are way too small unless you are right at the bar.
2	I had grand expectations for Calistro Bistro! I love farm-to-table. I love the fresh, local food movement. Sadly, it just didn't measure up. A nod to our server, as service was excellent and the "that spicy mango thingy" drink (a Serrano pepper & mango infused tequila margarita) is unique and will please those of you who like cocktails with a bite. But, that's about as good as it got. "Farm-to-table" inspires visions of entrees with crisp, fresh, complex and discernible flavors. Our food reminded me of standard hotel fare. We started with the crab cake and while the crab was very good there was way too much filler. To the extent that I would get whole bites of filler, disappointing my palate with a mealy bready effect. Next, one of each of the street tacos. Both were terribly -- like disgustingly -- greasy. Beware: hold these puppies right over your plate because as you angle them for a bite, a river of taco-seasoning -infused oil will stream out the back. And, the chili-powder flavor didn't do it for me. Finally, the Arctic Char entree: the vegetables and the fish were each overcooked. Though, there was some potential as the cut of fish seemed quality and the veggie selection showed good choices. Besides being overcooked, there was no flavor. None. Nada. :( So, all of this disappointment and $95 later (not including tip), I think it's safe to say I won't be making the trek to Calistro Bistro again.
4	Great dinner.  The crab cake appetizer were probably the best I've ever had.  Ordered their short rib plate.  It was good and tasty but not great.  The mashed potatoes that it came with were really good though. Also, we had great service.  Might go again, except that it's pricey.  GF had their duck flatbread. I didn't like it much, but she really liked it.
3	Service was excellent.  Wonderful glass of organic bubbly.  The ginger carrot soup was amazing-made with a cauliflower base.  Crab cake appetizers were light with a lot of crab.  Fillet mignon was good, although not sure covering in cheese was good idea.  Artic char was nicely done, but the citrus on the veg and crab hash was overwhelming.  Cheesecake was very rich, but a little odd without a crust-on the other hand, the raspberry sauce was so fresh.  Cappuccino was good, but extremely expensive $6!  This place is overpriced with a bit of an identity crisis.  It isn't sure if it is a semi-casual bar restaurant or a "fancy" special night place.  I'd go there for appetizers and a glass of wine if only it weren't so, so far away.
2	I, like other Yelpers out there are into the whole organic "farm to table" concept, so big ups there.I won't tell you much different than other reviews about the decor or service, both were very nice.  The food on the other hand seems to be getting very mixed reviews, which is the focus of this review.For starters we had the chicken meatballs and the caprese.  The meatballs were tasty, although my friend thought they tasted off.  Flavors were simple and fresh, so that was a better part of my meal.The caprese on the other hand was not as good.  Personal preference (and perhaps because I'm a traditionalist) is the tomatoes and mozzarella are sliced so that the can be eaten together - the salad was more of the "cubed" variety, with large chunks of tomato and mozzarella tossed with the shallot and dressing and presented on a plate but not really in an orderly fashion.  Granted, anybody can take pieces and cut them up and stack on a fork to get the medley of flavors together, but that seemed to be a little bit of a miss for me.  More importantly though, were the ingredients.  The mozzarella, while housemade, was good, it was no where near "creamy", rather it tasted almost too firm/dry.  Also, the heirloom tomatoes did not have as much flavor as I expect from heirlooms and were disappointing.  Could have certainly been a bad tomato, but I was hoping for something riper, sweeter, and overall tastier.  Entrees were the short ribs and the duck confit flatbread.  The short ribs have gotten generally good reviews so I was eager to try them, and unfortunately they were average.  While the flavors were good, they were a touch overcooked, because while the meat was soft, there were parts that were dry and a little stringy.  Granted, it was late that we dined and they were probably would have been much better if we got them 1-2 hours prior.  The overall flavor was good (not great).  Finally, the duck confit flatbread was very average.  The duck and portabello mushroom were a good combo and everything (including the Medjool date bbq sauce) tasted very "umami", but the flavors really didn't meld as much as they should have.Overall, the idea is great, but menu and prep need to be refined a little bit for me to go back.  I'm always dumbfounded by 5 star reviews Yelpers give out like Cheerios to toddlers, which means either: a) I'm reviewing the wrong restaurant, b) the experience I had was just an off night (unlikely), or c) the reviewers really don't know what a 5 star restaurant should be.  Who knows.  This place has great potential, just missed the mark in my dining experience.
2	I really wanted to like this place. We live in the neighborhood and our choices of non- chain resturaunts is very limited. Suffice to say I would not recommend this resturaunt. The staff and service was great but I was very dissapointed in the flavors and the freshness of our meal. We started with the Lamb Meatballs. These were mushy and tasted off. These are served with lettuce cups and the lettuce was wilted and not crisp. . We then had the house salad with the lemon dressing. Again, the salad was wilted and not fresh tasting. I'm a HUGE lover of lemon but the dressing was so bitter we couldn't take another bite. My meal was actually pretty good. The salmon over veggie hash. The salmon didn't taste fresh and it was a tad dry but the hash made up for it. Hash was yummy. Like I said, I wish the food was better as I like the concept and the staff of this place. I just couldn't get past the fact that the majority of the meal tasted off or wasn't fresh.
5	Calistro is currently celebrating their 1 year anniversary. You can get any small salad, entree and dessert for $30 per person.My husband and I took advantage of this and were very glad we did.I tried the Beet Salad - organic beet's, farmer's cheese, almonds, fresh orange and fennel pollen. It was delicious....the farmer's cheese was amazingly creamy and tasty and worked very well with the beets. My husband had the soup of the day which he said was very tasty.For the entree I tried the crab cakes - red crab meat, wood roasted organic vegetables, baby greens, preserved lemon, tarragon.....this was unbelievably good! Highly recommend.My husband had the filet mignon - all natural local beef, fingerling potatoes, roasted cauliflower, caramelized onions and tamarind bearnaise......he devoured it and loved it!As usual the staff were wonderful....very helpful and knowledgeable. Don't miss this special : )
3	Stopped by tonight for dinner. On Tuesday's they have 3 dollar tacos. My wife had the tacos and dug 'em. That's a lot to say as we are pretty critical of our tacos. I took advantage of the $30 anniversary deal: ceprese salad, filet, chocolate  souffle. The steak was good, came on some potatoes and vegetable and topped with a bearnaise sauce. Overall, not too bad. We may eat there again, but it's kind of a drive and probably not good enough to pull us across town again.
3	I was conflicted on giving 2 or 3 stars here for a few reasons.  I'm a glass half-empty kind of gal, so I'll start with the negatives:1) Service was dog crap.  Pure dog poop.  Our waitress was snotty and slow and not very helpful. 2) Food was either REALLY good or REALLY bad depending on what you ordered.3) Price was too pricey for what you got.4) Drinks were meh.  Positives:1) The manager on duty was great and very helpful.2) The duck confit flatbread was AMAZING.  I'm not sure I've enjoyed a flat bread dish like that...well, ever.  Flat bread is usually one of the last things I'd order.3) The hummus is quite possibly the smoothest, most delicious hummus I've had around Phoenix.4) AMAZINGLY good tacos - I had the fish, but tasted the pork and I'd order them again...very good food.Overall summary: It's in DC Ranch, the environment is pretty nice.  I went with 2 other people (one person had a Groupon) and we all agreed it wasn't overly easy finding something on the menu we were dying to have.  I ordered the chicken schniztel (too lazy to Google how to spell that correctly) and a fish taco (b/c they were $3 that night) and the fish taco was amazing (even though I had to send it back originally b/c she gave me a salmon taco, not tilapia.  I love salmon, but not in a taco...step it up people).  One of the other people I went with ordered a shrimp pasta dish and he didn't like it...that's saying a lot b/c this person would eat anything and be happy with it.  So - overall, unless you have a coupon or some huge reason to go there, I wouldn't waste my time.  I know they promote the "farm to plate" mentality, but whatever, I'm not really a bleeding heart like that so that means zero to me.  If you do go, order the Route 29 Martini (made with a Reisling wine) and the hummus for sure.  And good luck with the service.
3	We went for a late lunch. Upon arrival, the atmosphere seemed to be nice enough.  We weren't sure how to dress for the restaurant, because there were no hints on the website, so we stuck with business casual and we were fine.Our appetizer, the bruschetta, was delicious, and so was the fresh-squeezed lemonade, though I felt the lemonade was quite overpriced for a single glass, no refills at $4.My husband ordered an entree and I ordered a panini.  Neither one of us really liked the food.  The dishes were within the spectrum of food that we usually enjoy.  My Caprese Panini was overpowered with the lettuce that was on it.  My husband's pork wasn't anything special.   The presentation was wonderful, and the service was adequate, but we will definitely not make the 80-mile round trip again.
1	This restaurant was recommended by a friend yesterday for their happy hour and fish tacos.  One of the most expensive happy hours I have ever attended in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and I have lived here 10 years!!  The house martini was $8.00 for happy hour, Svedka, and you can buy a big bottle at Total Wine for 16.99----wine was about $8.00/glass happy hour price--geez---go to Morton's. Fleming's--anywhere, my fish taco was fine for $3.00, although the bartender told me it would be salmon, it was some type of white fish, Bill ordered the shrimp taco---blackened, so very salty, we could not eat it!!!  The fries were also very spicey and you could only eat the top layer so as not to get all the spice.  All in all one of the very worst dining/happy hour experiences we have had in the 10 years we have lived here.  Do the owners have any idea of their competition and the market out there?!!  I would suggest do not even try this place!
5	Absolutely. Amazing. Name a liquor and they infuse it here in house and they are delicious. Roasted pork is delicious, crab cakes are amazing and they have a great beet salad. The staff was extremely helpful and allowed us to try everything  Come here often.
2	Very nice place, the food is Unique and Ok, the only problem there is no selections on the beer, they are all draft to the taste of the owner according to the staff. hope stay open!!!!!!  Nice happy hour , the menu is just ok.
2	I really liked Calistro the handful of times I'd gone since opening, but my last experience was not a good one. I thought it might have been an off night for them, but friends have had the same experience. I REALLY want to like Calistro. They have a local, sustainable approach to their food and I've always enjoyed my meal and the service in the past, but I have a feeling things are starting to fall apart there. The last time I went, the restaurant was nearly empty, but our food took almost an hour. Once I received my dinner (the pulled pork panini with a side salad), I was so dissapointed! The pork was extremely salty, so much that I couldn't even finish it (I was so hungry by that time I did manage to eat half of the panini). I've had their salad with their preserved lemon vinaigrette before and liked it. This side salad (which I paid extra for), was a small pile of mixed greens on the side of my plate drenched in dressing. I hope they can turn things around!!
2	Restaurant has a city view and a romantic ambience. Staff is friendly and attentive. However, the dinner menu is just decent at best as pricey as it was. I just can't really throw out anything worth noting about the dinner considering the price of $100+ for two.
4	It was the tail end of the in-laws visit for the holidays, and after a trip up to Sedona, and a long day at work, the 4 of us had no interest in cooking dinner.  So out we went.  Chose Calistro due to a decent prior experience there, and from what sweetie and I could remember of the menu, there seemed to be something for everyone there.  And let me tell you, there could not be a more diverse group of eating tastes (the foodie- me... and I hate that term, the pescatarian, the meat and potatoes guy, and the nothing spicy lady).  Well, this place delivered.  I had the duck confit pasta and it was deliciously nuanced and so satisfying  I ate every bite.  The house salad and appetizer shrimp were excellent, so was the special fish taco, and on the burger, the BBQ sauce was amazingly flavored, and unique to boot!  We all enjoyed ourselves in the nice atmosphere, and I can definitely say I will be coming back for their happy hour and specials!  p.s. 4 stars is as high as I go unless the place is truly one in a lifetime, so consider this a very strong review.
1	Been to this place twice,First time was for happy hour. A dozen seats at the bar and only a few tables. Unless you can get there by 4:30 forget it.Second time was for lunch. Disappointed when the waiter told us they didn't have one of the salads available due to their not having any tenderloin. Really?? A.J.'s is next door....be resourceful and go buy a freakin tenderloin for God's sake!Nonetheless, the meal was ok, the waiter filled my diet sprite with water, and the bill for 2 lunch salads with tip was 50 bucks.If I'm going to pay this much for two salad, I dont need all the accompanying grief,.Wont repeat.
3	Stopped in for lunch after a hike, b/c we were in the neighborhood.  I love this type of food.  The pumpkin dumplings needed a little more texture and they had beets on them which I love, wish I  would have know that from the menu description so I wouldn't have ordered the beet salad.  Duck confit flatbread was delish.  However, when the bill arrived I was pretty BEAT again.  $27 with tax and tip but a friend and I split the app, salad, and meal.  My part was $27.  I was not wowed for the price of the stuff.   Overall, I just thought there would be a lot of places I would prefer to go before this one again.
4	After receiving a kind note from the owner of Calistro about my "2-star experience", I had to give Calistro another chance. The owner explained that he had stepped away from the business and shouldn't have. He assured me that he is hands-on again and Calistro is back to his original conception. My boyfriend and I decided to visit for happy hour last week and had such a pleasant experience! Everyone was very attentive and helpful and the food was excellent. We created a tapas experience for ourselves, ordering a variety of appetizers. I'll sum up my thoughts on our order:Hummus - I find most restaurant hummus is generally good. This falls into that category. A nice creamy consistency and fresh flat bread resulted in a cleaned plate. Lamb meatballs - These were interesting. They were served with pickled julienned vegetables and gorgeous bright green large leaves of lettuce. Our server said they're meant to be eaten lettuce wrap style and I'm not one to break rules.... I enjoyed them and only wished for more meatballs. Fire Roasted Shrimp - YUM! This had excellent flavor. I loved the roasted vegetables and the seasoning. Will definitely be having this one again. Crab Cakes - I had these the first time I went to Calistro and remembered liking them. My memory didn't fail me. Two small crab cakes are served with a small mixed green salad. Great combo of flavors. Braised Pork Taco a la carte - I was a little nervous about this one because on my last visit the pork was vastly over-salted, but my boyfriend insisted. I'm so glad we tried them! The pork was delicious... tender and very well seasoned. It was topped with pickled vegetables and had a cream sauce served on the side. Excellent!I also ordered "That Spicy Mango Thingy" off the drink menu. It's basically a margarita made with serrano chile and mango infused tequila. I couldn't really taste the mango but the serrano gave it a very interesting bite. If you like a little spice in your life, give it a try! After typing all of this out, I'm realizing how much we ate (slighly embarrassed!) It was worth it. Calistro, you have most definitely redeemed yourself. Thank you!
2	Limited atmosphere, exceedingly slow, bland food, and poor service.
3	We had a very nice but not perfect lunch here. We both liked the unique menu with lots of not every day choices.My waiter was very pleasant and nice but not well trained on the menu and got mixed up during the ordering process .We asked our waiter about the pumpkin dumplings and he was so enthusiastic and said they were one of his favorites so we decided to give them a try. The dumplings soon came out and the plate was so pretty with braised red cabbage and fresh greens over the 3 dumplings . I tasted one and discovered it was extremely gummy, my husband tasted one and finished it also saying this was very gummy . We only had one and 1/2 dumplings left so I didn't feel I had enough to send back or make a complaint . The execution of this dish was off but the flavors worked well and maybe this dish is better most times. I liked the small lemony salads that came with the lunch plates.My waiter noticed upon it's arrival by the manager that my lunch fish of the day came out as a different selection than what I was expecting and I declined the offer from the waiter and manager to make a new plate since it is a fish I eat and it was hot and fresh and together with my husbands meal . I received salmon that I think was prepared very good for farm raised and the high light was the roasted NOT EVERY DAY vegetables of root vegetables , peppers , variety squashes and potatoes , the vegetables were very nice .My husband had the  baked chicken/prosciutto meatballs . He said they were hard and dry but did have good flavor .We would come back again.
1	Stuck up personnel and carefully measured miniature portions. Overpriced meals swimming in grease. Can't say this was even mediocre quality food. The crab cakes consisted mostly of bread crumbs and the bolognese sauce tastes better at home. Will definitely not recommend, there are lots of better, friendlier places in the area.
1	I have to use one star?I used to be a regular customer at Calistro California Bistro. We discovered this place one day because we wanted a new happy hour place. I love flatbreads and this place had (key word had) awesome flatbread.  Things have recently changed here and the flatbread is no longer made in house and it's not very good. It is plain and not nearly as flavorful as the previous version. The service used to be awesome but now it isn't.  Maybe they just didn't want me to be a regular customer anymore. Who knows?One night I ordered a burger that was not prepared to my liking. Simple fix = make a new one. Instead they cooked the existing one more and over cooked it. Any chef knows this will happen. Laziness always prevails. The best part is the manager passively aggressively said "My burger was prepared the right way" (as if I was the problem).  So I passively aggressively posted this review. Then the manager offers to make another one. I have already waited about 45 minutes at this point - why not continue to wait? Clearly I have nothing better to do. So I reluctantly agreed because I actually liked coming there. So after another 30 minutes I am presented with a burger.  It was the way I asked for it to be, the FIRST two times.  But I'm still not happy and since I had waited so long I wasn't even hungry anymore.  I could have gone to another restaurant, ordered and eaten by this point. My question is who accommodates me for all of the time wasted waiting for food that should have been prepared the right way the first 2 times I asked? Calistro actually charged me for my burger, never once gave me a reason to come back, no apology for their gross inadequacies and laziness in the kitchen. Nothing.  Every other successful restaurant tries to make immediate amends while the customer is there. There should never be an instance where management should indicate to someone - that they are the problem, not the food preparation.   When that customer leaves and you do nothing this is what you end up with. Bad reviews. Take advice from the marketing gurus at Starbucks. You have a bad experience and the next drink is on them. Coupon in hand when you leave. No choice but to come back and how quickly do we forget the bad time.The restaurant is in a tough location, they aren't very busy whenever I'm there. I would think they would want to keep regular customers (2-3 times a week) happy.  But I guess they really don't want me dining there anyway. I take service like this personally.
3	My wife and I ate there first time, last night.  Crab cake appetizer- quite bready, no chunks of crab. Duck confit w/ pasta entree- very good.  Crispy skin, moist meat, good pasta sauce.  Roast pork- very ordinary, no special flavor to make you remember it. All in all a very average meal for a lot of money.
2	In all fairness, I'm reviewing our experience for New Year's Eve pre-fixe meal...I brought a party of 8 out tonight to enjoy a new experience.  Thankfully, the company was great.To start, the service was good, but not exceptional.  The menu selections were fair, but not overly exciting.  However, what we did eat was quite tasty.  But there was so little of it on our plates I had to laugh.  For $50, I got about 12 spoonfuls of soup, 2 vegaterian raviolis, and 1 of 2 desserts they had left off the menu.  Since they didn't have the one we wanted, we asked for a little ice cream with the choice left.  Not a big request, since there was a table of 8, but the server came out stating the chef wanted to charge us for the extra ice cream.  We were shocked to say the least...What gall they had to ask for us to pay for a scoop of ice cream after the puny servings we were given for $50.  To their credit, they didn't charge us for the ice cream after we refused... but I'd have to say we were given, not surprisingly, about a teaspoon of ice cream.Again, while I didn't expect an all you can eat buffet... this place wasn't advertised as haute cuisine.  As such, I expected at least enough food to not leave hungry.  Bottom line...Very good food, nice presentation... but the servings were literally a joke.  Too bad, because I would love to go back and sample their normal menu.. but I have a feeling I'd leave hungry again.I don't understand how a chef could be so full of himself that he believes his creations and presentation will overcome failing to serve his guests enough food.  When I've seen this in the past, the chef is usually delusional... they think they can get by on just a "cool" factor or their "talent."  Well, as they say... you're only as good as your last meal.Remember, if you're creating a dining experience, its not just about entertainment, it's about feeding people.  And buddy, I left hungry tonight...
2	We used our first ever Groupon here.  It offered a three course meal, up to $100 food for two, for $49  + +.Our conclusion is that it was good value, but really only worth $49.  Had we paid the full menu price for want we got, it would have been ABV  - appallingly bad value.The major flaw in the meal was that the appetizer three cheese/ flatbread plate Was served with ice cold cheese.  Any brain dead idiot knows that chilling cheese virtually eliminates its flavor; the flavor blooms at room temperature, the  temperature at which cheese is made.  We couldn't believe it.  Our two salads (house and Greek) were adequate but very small.  The entrees were quite good - pasta bolognese and pappardelle with duck confit - although the duck leg was a bit overlooked.  The wines, a chardonnay and Pinot noir, included in the deal and on the regular menu at $8 each, are excellent.
4	Although this place has been around for a while, I just made it in last week.  I like the sleek and contemporary decor a lot.  The modern artwork is very interesting.I split a caesar salad and had the pasta bolognese.  I really liked the meatiness and flavor of bolognese.  My client raved about her crab cakes.This is a nice place for a meal in the DC Ranch area.
3	The food was ok, but the service was not as good.  Had the goat cheese app, duck confiet pasta, and short ribs and creamy polenta.  Everything was pretty good, but aside from being one of only 3 tables in the restaurant on a Friday night, the service was brutally slow.  If I'm going to go out and drop $120-$150, on some random meal, I want it to at least be as good as Olive Garden.  Sadly, this wasn't, and I think the empty dining room in such a nice area on a Friday night, should speak volumes to whoever is running this place.  I think that this is the perfect example of absentee management, and not paying attention and executing little things.  Maybe I'm being harsh, but I really think that from the outside, this place looks great.  Firepits on the patio, swanky modern decor, all the makings of a great evening.  As far as follow through, and making my dining experience a truly good time, it could use some work.
2	Went here last night on a localdines.com coupon.The waitress was great!  Very friendly and prompt (the place was virtually empty).  We found the food to be very over priced and very plain/bland.  I had the chicken picotta which was served over grilled asparagus and hot potato salad.  Small portion, the chicken was overcooked and overall, it was very bland.My husband had  a pasta dish that barely filled the bowl and was bland as well as sparse.We had to hunt for a yogurt place afterwords to fill up after dinner!Appearance wise it is okay.  Nothing special, kind of boring.We will not be going back.Save your $$ and go somewhere else!
1	Service was attentive and friendly. Five stars for smiling, happy-chick waiter.The food however was shit. No wait, let me rephrase that.The food was as if a huge pile 'o shit walked into their kitchen, took a shit on the floor and one of the kitchen staff came hurriedly rushing over, scooped it up and plopped it into five serving dishes, loudly announcing to the servers;          "ORDER-UP, TABLE TWELVE!"We were table twelve.Corn and asparagus succotash was dry, with no semblance of anything asparagus, not even the flavor. it was orange. ORANGE for christ's sakes!The creole soup was as if someone in the same kitchen where shit just took a dump, emptied a can of tomato paste into a bowl, threw in some uncooked okra and for effect, one little tiny bay shrimp. Curious.A burger ordered medium arrived table side, drier than a nun's hoo-ha.The house salad dressing so odiferous, it reminded me of my armoire after my dirty boxers have steeped in it for a few days.And the hummus. Before tasting it, my wife said something cute and upbeat, something like;"This has mango in it, it should be delicious."It wasn't. I never tasted mango or any hint of mango.Instead, I felt like Napoleon Dynamite where he tastes onion in the cow's milk.The hummus was overpowered by onion and had a strongly acidic bite. Completely inedible unless you're a hobo or something.Basically, that's five for five, making me long for the use of Yelp pentagrams with which to rate this place instead of stars.Three beers, five appy's, a fruity cocktail of some sort, a friendly server, flat screens mounted so high you'll crane your neck to watch them, and a drunk couple next to us PDA-ing themselves into the record books with the world's longest and sloppiest tongue kiss ever.The couple was pretty entertaining however, as he groped the back-meat sausage-ing out from her way-too-tight sundress.And all this for fifty bucks. I'm never going back.Not unless I die and come back as shit, in which case, I'll use their kitchen to take a dump.
4	I had a wonderful meal at Calistro. I had the tilapia with goat cheese stuffed tomatoes and it was delicious. My server was knowledgeable of the menu and made great suggestions for a starter and entree. I will definitely be back.
2	Very average food, especially for what they charge. There were very few tables yet the service was very slow. My cocktail took 20 minutes to get to us but at least it was tasty.  My wife ordered a drink made with OJ and the waitress came back 15 minutes later to announce they didn't have any!  Wierd.  We had the crab cakes and the goat cheese for apps; tasted like it came out of the Safeway freezer section.  For the main course, I had the Pasta Bolognese which was OK, not much flavor but not unpleasant.  My wife had the duck; again OK but not nearly worth the price. It came with a large slice of bread that was mostly burned.  The service was friendly but not nearly professional enough when you charge $22 and up for main courses.  We skipped dessert; just wanted to leave.
3	While this place had been around for a while, we only made it in a few months ago before they closed. Honestly, I'm not surprised they closed. The location had very low traffic and the day we stopped in, there was no one else in the restaurant. Our waitress was nice and attentive. She also kept our water glasses full, which is great. For lunch, my husband ordered the soup of the day (something with rice and duck) while I ordered the House Burger. The burger came with a house BBQ sauce, which had a funny taste. Too much sugar maybe? It wasn't anything special.We only ate lunch here once, kept thinking we should go back and give it another try, but now that decision has been made for us.
