5	We just moved to Phoenix and our mini-dachshund got really sick.  Took her to McDowell Mountain Animal hospital and really like it there.  It is very clean, the staff is extremely courteous and Dr. Casey is great.  You can get in and out without a huge delay and they really care about pets.
5	Dr. Casey is the best vet I've ever had to deal with.I had gotten my puppy from the pound and they had botched her surgery, causing her stomach to tear open and leaving her intestines visible. I brought her in to MMAH and they were able to get her cleaned and treated right away, not only that but I was able to come in the next three days on about an hours notice because of complications with my puppy.All of the other vets I've had to deal with weren't as considerate or accommodating as Dr. Casey was. I'll stick with her, even if it is an hour drive.
5	Dr. Casey and her office staff here are top notch!I'm very picky about vets...as I feel that some are really sketchy and just try to rip you off, selling you treatments, products, and medications.  I also am very picky about their office and its cleanliness.  McDowell Mtn Animal Hospital is perfect in those regards.  You can see how Dr Casey truly cares about the well being of her furry patients.  She takes a personal interest in each animal as if they were her own.  I even asked her once if she thought my dog needed her teeth cleaned, and she said "to be honest, if it was my dog, I wouldn't spend the money to get them cleaned at this point."  So many other vets would simply see dollar signs and say "yea you should definitely get her teeth cleaned."After my Shiba Inu was spayed, she personally called to check in on her after a day or so.  Her office staff is the same way, they truly care about how your pets are doing and making sure they receive the best care.  And they all are sooooo friendly and accommodating!If you live in NoSco and need a vet, look no further.  Heck even if you don't live in North Scottsdale and need a vet, she's worth the drive.
1	I was a nw potential client that called to make an initial visit. My appointment for my pet was at 1030 so I arrived about 8 min early to fill out paperwork etc. As soon as I walked in I was greeted promptly and was put in an exam room. The lady asked me to fill out a form and apologized that they haven't cleaned the room yet as they were busy. (she sprayed something on the counter and wiped it off but did not spray or clean the exam/weigh scale) After 30 minutes of waiting and not having anyone come into the exam room I walked to the receptionist station and told her that I would have to make another appointment as I don't have time to just wait around since my appointment was over 30 min ago and no one had come in to see us. The receptionists attitude was very nonchalant and said ok bye. Really??? if there was something not right apologize for the wait and get the office manager immediately to resolve the issue. But hey thanks for wasting my time and making me feel like you really want my business. Maybe this was an off day for them but with the way things are these days I relish excellent customer service. Maybe they have enough customers that they don't need my business.  This is just my opinion and my experience with this place and to have a first impression like this is absolutely terrible. In all fairness though the office manager did call me but unfortunately it was on my way home. She did apologize but really what does that do for me and the time I spent waiting for bad customer service? How does a vet clinic make up for that? I would have rated them a "0" but you have to rate them at least a 1......
5	If you want a classy, clean, dependable, highly trained vet - this is your place.  Dr. Casey is SUPER SUPER friendly.  She and her staff absolutely love animals and will go the extra mile to make sure your pet is cared for.  It is a beautiful office with brand new equipment.  VERY clean and sanitary.  They take the best care of my dogs.  Wonderful.
5	Dr. Casey and Dr. Emerson do a great job with my 2 dogs.I have a diabetic 10 year old husky with hypothyroidism... so let's just say I've seen some vets. McDowell Mountain did an excellent job stabilizing my dog's insulin and finding the right dosage. Two other vets in the area were unable to get it right.The staff is friendly and the service is thorough. I'd highly recommend MMAH.
5	Dr Casey and her staff went above and beyond to help me with a foster dog named Lucky.  Unfortunately, Lucky has not been so lucky in life.  He needed extensive dental work and his very infected back dew claws needed to be removed.  Dr. Casey, Krystal and everyone at the office helped pitch in to give Lucky the care he needed to find a forever home!  I highly recommend them as one of the best vets in the valley!
5	A couple of years ago my Jack Russell got extremely sick.  We hadn't found a vet yet since neither of the dogs had been sick since we moved to Arizona and they weren't due for vaccines yet.  MMAH was the closest vet to us.  It's less than a mile away.  As soon as I woke up I ran over to their office and they told me I could bring her right in.  They called her old vet and got medical records for both of my dogs and treated her right away.   The entire staff was extremely nice. A couple of months ago I thought my Lab might have a UTI so I brought him in.  He was fine but the vet wanted to do a second urine test on him to make sure.  She was so nice about it and didn't charge me for the second test.  While we were there I asked if the groomer was in because he needed his nails cut really badly.  Cutting his nails is a nightmare.  He hates it; he squirms and cries the whole time I do it.  Their groomer is amazing.  He is seriously a dog whisperer.  It took him less than 5 minutes to cut his nails and they were so short I couldn't believe it.  He said my big cry baby was a perfect gentleman and didn't cry once.The staff at MMAH is really amazing.  I would recommend them to anyone that was looking for a vet or groomer!
5	The entire staff from front desk to techs to vets are fabulous.  They genuinely care about every "patient" and family.  They are competent, fun and wonderful to be with.  I've taken my new Maltipoo there twice.  First visit was a well-dog checkup and chip implant.  We were treated well and promptly and not rushed at all.  Second visit was because of what turned out to be a slipped disc.  Dr. "Casey" spent lots of time explaining what was going on and setting out a treatment plan.  She went over the ex rays in detail and explained everything we needed to know.  24 hours later Emmie is feeling much better and is starting to get back to normal.It's hard to imagine how much better care and service could be for my dog than at McDowell Mountain Animal Hospital.  What a great sense of security knowing that an excellent vet team is close by when they're needed.
5	I took my 23 y.o. cat to the McDowell Mountain Animal Hospital today hoping to euthanize her. Being 23, she far surpassed her life expectancy and was showing signs of complications due to old age. Dr. Candice Emerson and her staff could not have been gentler and more compassionate to my cat and to me.  Naturally, I was upset but Dr. Emerson handled the situation with great care and respect for my frail cat. She allowed me to be with my cat through the whole process. The total charges were reasonable. I strongly recommend this animal hospital, Dr. Emerson and her staff.
