1	Run away and don't go here.  Stinks, fishy business going on here.  If no other place to stay sleep in your car.It made me give a star rating, this really should have 0 stars.
1	First impression: needs paint & maintenance outside. The cherry vanilla candle at the front desk stunk and air inside was not circulated.  No elevator. Smoking rooms not segregated so smoke drifted in. Chair was stained, carpet didnt look clean. Fridge was unplugged and mildewed.I booked 2 but only stayed 1 night. Pushpa Patel kindly confirmed via email a refund for second night, backed up by Amex dispute service if necessary. Book using Amex only if you want to be sure of getting a refundWould not stay again until this place is remodeled..
1	This is one of the worst hotel experiences I've had. Our room smelled of drugs, the hallways smelled of drugs, there were other patrons screaming and yelling in their rooms that the hotel did nothing about (and you could hear it from the lobby). The only slightly redeeming factor of this hotel is that a few select staff did seem to actually care about your stay. If you just need a place to sleep for the night, at least you have a clean bed. If you're planning on a longer stay, find a different hotel.
1	A few highlights from my 3 day stay here:-The faucet leaks.-The towels are small, thin, threadbare, and horrible scratchy.-The shower is weak.-The air conditioner works, but it extremely noisy.-The free breakfast is inedible (and I'm not a picky eater).-The TV is an old tube-type.-The key card to enter the room only works half the time.-The hotel lobby and stairs are not air conditioned, and are extremely hot  to walk through.-No elevator -- only stairs.-The bed was quite uncomfortable.-The free WiFi is insanely slow.  It feels like dial up.  You certainly cannot stream Netflix or any video here.  And forget about downloading large files for work.-The walls are paper thin and you can hear the TV and conversations in the rooms adjacent to you.-Far too expensive for such a crappy hotel.I've been traveling for 30 years, and I've never stayed in a worse hotel than this.  Ever.If you are unlucky enough to find yourself having to go to Phoenix (a city so horrid I imagine one doesn't go there by choice), seek another hotel.Apparently, hotels are in demand in this mistake-in-the-desert city, so they can get away charging $135+ a night here.  For what you get, it should be $30/night.Of course, the best solution is to avoid Phoenix altogether.  It's full of old people and young white trash from the south.  And everyone fucking smokes around here.  With their babies in their arms.  Ugh.  Horrible people.  Horrible city.  Unless you're white trash, then you'll feel right at home.
4	I don't understand the bad reviews. Unless this hotel has done a major turn over since then.I had an overall great experience.Everything was clean and smelled clean. The room came with a tv, microwave, fridge, and hair dryer. Bonus, free wifi!The beds are certainly comfortable after walking around all day at the ren faire.I had no problems with the staff, my reservation went through perfectly which I booked in January.Some minor downsides to my visit are few.The free breakfast is just eggs, toast, and cereal with assorted drinks. It's not much but it held us over enough to walk to the Waffle House that's right next door and you should already know that place is cheap and delicious.The air condition does not reach all of the room, just the bed closest to it. Getting ready in the bathroom in the morning was super hot!You can hear other people's tvs but lucky enough for us we didn't have rude neighbors.One neighbor forgot to turn off their morning alarm after they checked out which went off at 4:30am. But a quick call to the front desk and the attendant came and turned it off.All in all it could be a little cheaper but not by much. We paid 209 for 2 nights with military discount. They usually hike up the prices for the weekend too.I feel it was a nice stay and would stay there again.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!.... So I show up to check into my room, confirmation number in hand that the room was reserved, the hotel person tells me... We had you as confirmed for check-in for today but your named was crossed off the list, I ask how that happened and I get a blank stare, 15 minutes later and phone call to manager and they can't give me my room; so to keep the story short, in the end I ended up leaving to find another hotel that will VALUE MY BUSINESS and provide me with a room because as far as I'm concerned incompetency does not deserve my business... It seems there are plenty of bad reviews about this place.. Add mine to the list...
