5	I have been to other places for Physical Therapy and although they have been good, I totally enjoy this place. The workers are so personable and their therapy techniques are usually right on. I was here four years ago and when I returned, one of the employees (Barbara) remembered me right away. She makes something that you don't look forward to, a fun experience. My therapist, Sara, does the same. I hope I don't have to return for therapy anytime soon (if ever), but if I do, it will always be this location.
1	Worst place ever. 1)Walk into room 2)Get handed sheet of paper of exercises and be left alone to complete them 3)Finish them and leaveDon't waste your time. Just go somewhere where your therapist actually sees you every time and does manual therapy as well.
1	Absolutely the worst service Ive ever experienced in my life!!  I can not believe my unsurance paid for these "visits"! Tina was my therapist or at least should of been.  She was only present for my initial evaluation and the first visit, from then on out she didnt even come to my table anymore but instead a tech/assistant came to work on me and "streached me", if thats what u want to call it! I have also been forgotten about on two different visits, for half an hour (thats have my visit) and when they relized they forgot to start the heat treatment at the beginning of my treatment....instead of getting the heat they just skipped me right through the time as if I had heat therapy and had done 20mins for streachin! Ms. Tina didnt seem to have a care about my injury and/or recovery!  Well, at least not until she found out that I have an attorney in injury case! Then she wouldnt leave me table...to bad my treatment was up!! I wish i was able to disclose so much more information but at this time, I cant.I now have a prescription requesting PT for two other body part. I had no choice but to request another facility or decline treatment doctor said she was sending me to Matt Smith. Its sad that I was only a number and its even worse that my "number" wasnt important enough until i disclosed that I have a lawyer!!  Their job is to help me fix and teach me to fix and streach out my injury and just because someone does or doent have an attorney doent make their injury or recover any more or less significant than the other!!
