4	Every time I've come here I have no clue where to look. I know my way around an auto store like I know my way around a vagina. So a big shout out to the helpful and friendly staff here. Most recently, Ricardo, came out outside in the 158 degree heat to put freon in our car. The bf Rickie observed outside while I, nestled in my leather bucket seat, felt the car grow cooler and cooler while listening to The Pussycat Dolls. I know. Ironic isn't it?
4	open late when i needed them to be open late... caught in a rainstorm (!) with non-functioning windshield wipers, they gave great advice and were helpful for employees talking to a soaking-wet customer so close to closing time. on one other occasion, i came in to get a 19mm socket for my oil pan.
4	This is a busy Auto Zone, and I half expected to have to strangle someone in order to get some help. I have been here thrice in the past month, and all three times the employees were busy, but helpful and efficient! I changed the battery in two separate cars, and replaced the coil pack in my Jetta. The staff came out to make sure the batteries were actually dead before I purchased new ones. In both battery cases they were. No mystery, just a reading on their handy computer! Another time, I couldn't find what I was looking for, and instead of pointing, the nice man walked down the aisle and got it for me.  All the while the store was busy as hell.  They really have their shit together as employees!  I like that, and this is where I go when I need auto parts because of it.Thanks Thomas Road Auto Zone, you rock!
4	The people working at this store are awesome- they remembered me the both times I went in.  I will drive to this Autozone over the others because they are so friendly.  There was a line both times, but with the summer heat in AZ, a lot of people needed new batteries.  Bottom line- great Autozone!
2	Busy store. Slow service. They need more people working.Yes they honored my warranty on my car battery. It took less than 5 minutes to find everything. But it took another 30 minutes to simply replace it because there weren't enough people.
1	being as i have never changed a battery in my life-them throwing the tools at me and saying change it yourself doesn't show good customer service.
5	This AutoZone location is amazing compared to the terrible AutoZone on 24th St. and McDowell. The staff is very friendly here, the store is clean, and the manager Robert M. was very friendly and helpful! Excellent service.
