5	Sooooooooooo good!!!
4	I just had to be an Indian foodie today.  Lunch buffet at India Palace, now dinner at Jai Ho.-Chicken corn soup:  Was very creamy and flavorful.  The sweetness of the corn paired with chunks of chicken made this bowl of soup so good.  Because we like it a  bit hot, we asked for some soy sauce and hot sauce.  This took the soup to a whole different level. -Goat Karahi:  yep yep, love my goat.  The first bite I had, it was a bit tough.  I was a  bit disappointed.  But nope, I didn't stop there, I can't give up on it yet.  I took another bite, it was more tender.  So what did I do...I was on a hunt for the more tender pieces in the pot.  I wish they were ALL tender.  It's ok.  I might not order this again though.-Chicken Tikka:  I am used to more flavorful chicken tikka (I am from Houston where there are many indo-pak restaurants...)-Keema Naan:  It was decent-Garlic Naan:  lots of garlic on this naan.  Very good.-Kulfi Faluda:  I have been on a hunt for a Faluda ever since I came to Las Vegas.  This has been the only place that have something similar.  The icecream that was given to me was the pistachio icecream (hence the kulfi in the name).  I am used to the vanilla icecream.  It changes the flavor by alot.  Don't get me wrong, it's still good, but just not as good as I remembered it.The server actually gave us a free order of chicken boti because he did not mention to us that the chicken tikka may take 25 mins since they made to order.  This free order was actually my favorite.  The chicken was nice and tender.  I place this on a garlic naan, some onion, a squeeze of lime, then dunk this bad boy in the tamarind chutney sauce and WALLA!  Made my night!Service: 5 stars!Food: super close to 4 stars!Results:  Definitely recommend and I will come back Fo SHo!
5	I live in Vegas and have tried out all Indian restaurants, was pleasantly surprised by the indian Chinese fusion food that I so missed from Bombay. Best Indian food around and a very friendly staff... 5 Star
5	Being a huge fan of the song, I can now say I am a huge fan of the restaurant which shares its namesake.  JaiHo reminded me of my first experience with Indian food and all the reasons I fell in love with it.  The Chicken Saag (large chunks of chicken mixed with a spinach cream sauce)  was absolutely delectable and the spice level was well suited to my needs.  The plain naan was thick, perfect for dipping.  The basmati rice complemented the meal perfectly.  The meat samosas had a thick outer shell accompanied by flavorful insides.  The service was timely and the waitress serving us was very polite and accommodating.  The surroundings were quaint, which I actually prefer when I go out to restaurants.  JaiHo also features Indo-Chinese food, though on this outing I was not adventurous enough to try it.  I highly recommend JaiHo for your Indian food fix.
2	Place was empty at 7:30 PM which should have been a sign.I had an Indochinese dish with Chillis.  It was spicy, but the shrimps were small and over cooked.  It was served in a small metal dish and cost $14.95 and then they charged $1.95 extra for rice.My friend ordered a Malai Kofta and it gave him heartburn and he's from Mumbai.The Naan bread was good, but the Roti could have been softer.Kingfisher Beer was $6 per bottle and that was very good, but again, kind of pricey.For the money spent, we would have been much better off going to Origin India Restaurant across from Hard Rock Cafe on Paradise Road or even Tamba Indian on Las Vegas Blvd between MGM and Planet Hollywood.  We've been to both those places while in Vegas and both have been consistently excellent and have value for money spent.
1	I went to this restaurant after seeing some really nice reviews here at yelp. We ordered chicken manchow soup, chicken lollypop and veg noodles.It was very disappointing. Hope they improve in future.
1	I read these great reviews and decided to give this place a shot. We went on a saturday afternoon and I was dissapointed to learn that buffet was the only option at lunch. Though there weren't too many vegetarian options, we decided to stay.I started with the bhel puri. I love bhel puri which is a tangy indian starter made with puffed rice and tamarind and coriander/chilli sauce, nuts and onions/coriander leaves. The tamarind sauce had a strange color and tasted even worse. I had a bite and left this.The kadhi pakora was ok...didn't have much flavor and the white rice was dry.I also tried the mixed vegetables, black dal and didn't like either.The only positive was that the server left hot naan at our table when we went to serve our food and got us a second helping of naan on request! My friend tried chicken curry and biryani which he did not like either..Given the fact that we were hungry and atleast for me everything tastes good when I am hungry, this was such a letdown.For desert they had 2 choices-rice kheer and seviyan in milk, which are both made from similar ingredients. That's not too creative huh:)I tried the rice kheer and felt a funny taste..one bite is all I had!The server was nice but another thing I found strange was that he brought the bill at the beginning of our meal and left it on the table!Overall, a very dissapointing experience.
5	Well, this place was great! I just wish it was closer to the west side. But besides the location, the food and service were impeccable and I'll be back to try more of their extensive menu. The papadums were crazy-addictive. The two samosas were huge - ordered the meat option and was glad my girlfriend wanted one, too because I couldn't have eaten them both. GF loved her Mango Lassi (it disappeared quickly). I ordered my ol' standby Chicken Tikka Masala and it was fantastic (especially with the papadaums). I wasn't feeling the Naan, but I'm not a bready person. Noticed quite a few to-go orders being picked up while we were there. Did I mention their menu is HUGE? I am curious to try new items now that my test-run ChikTikMasala was all thumbs up.
2	This place is rather blah. My chicken tandoori tasted rather bland, and the atmosphere was just depressing. Also, they messed up on my bill and charged me $90 on my debit card, when it was supposed to be $25. I took my 5 days to get my money back, and they offerd nothing at all for their mistake when I called them out on it. Would not go here again.
5	This place is so nice. We have been all over the city from one place to another in search of good Indian Food and we kept having bad experiences, or ok experiences at best. With great relief we found this place! They have all of our favorites and a few interesting items we want to try in the future. Nice selection of everything from soup to rice, and the korma I ordered was amazing! The Lassi comes in a large glass not some teenie tiny wine glass like other places do. Fresh Naan, the meat samosas were huge! We went on Valentines day and pulled out all the stops leaving full to the brim. ( will have to diet this week). This is truly a restaurant that considers quality & service. You get what you pay for or more.. this retaurant does NOT rip people off or serve slop. Everything is fresh, the portions are generous and decidely quite the deal. They treat the customers with respect and have very good service. Seating is comfortable, the buffet is a steal for the price and has interesting items to choose from.  Plenty of parking, easy to get to by highway, they have great daily specials too. I recommend this place very highly! If I coulod afford it I would be here at least 3 times a week. :)
1	All slumdog, no millionaires.I read the reviews on here and I wonder if we went in on an off-day. Maybe the Bay Area (where Indian and Asian dining had become a twice-weekly ritual) has spoilt me. I know my Indian food and I've had Indian-Chinese fusion in India. Sorry, this is just not it. I've had better food from the ready-to-eat mixes sold at Vons.Some comments:1) The food didn't not taste fresh at all. Our rice was clearly stale (it gets hard when it's been sitting for a while).2) Excessive use of food coloring - I have never seen bloody red butter chicken. Now I have.3) Disorganized - They didn't seem to have a staff when we went in. The mom took our oder, the dad microwaved our food and brought it out and the son sold over-priced Indian trinkets by the door. I wasn't a a great fan of Tava (the Indian restaurant that occupied the premises before Jai Ho) but in retrospect I miss it. Jai Ho simply doesn't stand up to better Indian alternatives further north. I give it less than 6 months before this cursed location switches management again. Go to the Thai restaurant next door instead.
3	Before Jaiho I had never had Indian food and I must say it was not bad. This is not a put down to the restaurant, I just have no previous experiences to judge this against. This place is a self described Indian/Chinese fusion joint and it is that, from the food to the decor of the restaurant. It is a nice mix of both cultures. The food: I had the Garlic Paneer Chicken and it was not too bad. The sauce was a little too thick for my taste and I asked for hot (spicy) and expected my face to be on fire. But there was hardly any heat. A little disappointed.My wife had chicken curry which was just average. We had an order of Samosas for an appetizer which was good and tasty. If we are in need of Indian food right away and in the area we will stop in again.
1	Alas, another fatality in this strip mall graveyard. Showed up there last night to find a small, hand-written sign on the locked door to the effect "Sorry for the inconvenience.". There was an indication that they expect to re-open, but then most restaurants do.  And since this was already the second incarnation at this location, it's hard to imagine someone taking a third roll of the dice. Pity. This area could definitely use an Indian restaurant. Now if only people would actually eat there.
