3	Okay so I am not going to use some fancy intro or some catchy first few sentences to draw you in. This is a park, and being from Northern California there are many many parks and they are normally pretty nice. Now, don't get me wrong I think that every park has one or two creepers that you try to stay away from when you are there but for some reason this park had no shortage of those the night I was there.Let me put that into perspective real quick. I was there for a kids softball game and nothing else. I know some of you may have had a bad image when I mentioned being in a park at night.  walking into the park was interesting as they have it picnic areas and some of them happened to be occupied with large groups that seemed to be like something out of a movie. But the kicker was the smurf blue van with no windows except the one that looked like it was cut out of the side of the van. When I walked by I noticed that a few people were sitting in the back and when kids or groups of people walked by they would honk a bicycle horn out the window which was puzzling to me until I watched what was going on and it looked like they had been selling food out of the van. I'm all for food trucks, but not Guadalupe's unmarked food van. In a sense it reminded me of my time spent living in LA and venturing out into Santa Monica and Long Beach at night. The park itself seems okay for sports but I don't know that I would plan any family reunions or anything out there.
3	One if the smaller parks I've seen here in Vegas, but it packs a lot of punch in a small package. There are a few covered bench areas to reserve, there's also a covered playground, tennis courts, basketball courts and a baseball field. Not one the nicest parks and not one of the worst just a solid, middle of the road park in a pretty busy part of town.
2	This park offers a lot in such a small space. Tennis courts, baseball fields, skate park, and picnic areas. It's so great that it holds 100% occupancy as every single bench is occupied by a passed-out homeless man. But can I blame them? It's late August, 100+ degrees, and the grass is still beautifully green. Trees are also big and green with plenty of shade. Sorry Mother Nature, but I (and apparently the homeless community) really appreciate the water wasted to keep this place green.
