4	How long it took to find a decent Mexican restaurant in Montreal. Not "party" Mexican or  Tex-Mex garbage but a real Mexican establishment. Guadalupe, located in a stretch of no man's land on Ontario (not quite Hochelaga-Maisonneuve but not quite anything else either - must just be generic Centre Sud) is that place. No chimichangas or burritos on the menu but mole and chilaquiles.  The food is good. The portions are large. And the cocktails are fantastic.A caveat: Some restaurants you need to excuse the glacial pace of the service. This is one of them. It's a family run place that's pretty understaffed. Both times I've gone there have only been two people on the tables (and it's a pretty large place that tends to have big groups). Both times we waited an exorbitant amount of time.  If that bothers you, don't go. It might ruin your meal. Probably not a good place for a first date unless you want to risk long, awkward silences when the conversations run dry.  So it's also not a great place to go if you're famished. The obligatory batch of nachos that greet you aren't refilled and won't last long. But at least by the time the food arrives, you've built up enough of an appetite to take down the large portions.
3	Is this what Mexican food really tastes like?!?! La Guadalupe was suggested to me by a friend of mine from Mexico city, I kept asking him when he was going to make me real Mexican food and i guess one day he got tired of me asking so he recommended this place, saying it was the best Mexican restaurant in Montreal.Let me start by saying that if you're in a hurry you should go to Taco Bell. This isn't a fast food kind of place, it's a meal with friends kind of place. Everyone who works here seems to be family and if not family they have been working there for long enough to considered family. All this to say the service at Guadalupe's isn't fast but it's still good service.Now the reason why the service is a little slow as well as why the food here is so good. Nothing at this restaurant is pre-made, everything is freshly made with fresh ingredients. I've taken a few people to this place and everyone leaves raving about the food.The decor has a Mexican flavor to it, I guess? I'm not sure what Mexican decor is supposed to look like since every Mexican restaurant I've ever been to looks the same, even in Mexico. You aren't here for the look at the decor anyway, it's about the food. So grab some friend and head down for a great night.
4	A wonderful family owned business with great Mexican food. What a great find for a Saturday dinner. The place was nice and traditional, very welcoming. We were greeted at the door and seated quite fast. Lots of families and larger groups. We started off with nachos with Guacamole. The best re-fried beans ever and I have had my share of Mexican food. My friend ordered the Burrito, she said was great, but really spicy. I had the chicken enchilada which was wonderful. The check was a total of 60 dollars including tip - forgot to mentioned that we order drinks a Tecate beer and a Strawberry Daiquiri.  This is definitely not a typical Tex-Mex restaurant, if this is what you are looking, then hit 3 Amigos, for you will be disappointed. The restaurant is located in a shady neighborhood but if you are craving a little of Mexico, then this place is a treasure. Next time I'll try the Chiles Rellenos. :)
4	Best Mexican food in Montreal! I've been there a couple years ago. Authentic and fresh Mexican meals. The restaurant is own by a family. Expect the service to be long (and very long) but the wait is worth it!
5	Tres bonne cuisine 100% Mex.
3	I was born and raised in Arizona and I've been searching for a really authentic Mexican food restaurant since I moved here from San Francisco.  I just came across this little place when I moved to my new apartment and thought I would check it out.  The service was a little slow but not bad, and the decor was nice and typical of authentic Mexican food restaurants I'd been to elsewhere.  I ordered the vegetable enchiladas and they came in a really large portion that filled me up and could have been split between two people if they weren't that hungry.  My meal with a Pepsi ended up costing about $27 with tip.The quality of food was OK and I would say it was authentic but the sauce was a little too tomato tasting, almost like tomato soup.  The red salsa was especially tomato soup tasting and not what I look for in a good authentic salsa.  The green salsa (salsa verde) was good but not the best I have ever had.  In my experience the quality of salsa is usually a good indicator of the quality of the restaurant.All in all it had a somewhat authentic feel but a little overpriced for what I got.  Still probably one of the best examples of authentic Mexican I have experienced in Montreal.  If this restaurant were in Arizona or San Francisco though, I wouldn't eat there again because of all the better tasting and cheaper options.
