5	I made a promise to myself in 2011, I was going to have more time for myself, my family. One thing that took away a lot of my weekends and evenings, was cleaning my house. I know, pick up after yourself and this wouldn't be an issue! But, its more than that and that is where Marie stepped in. She is incredible, she gets done in 2 hours what it takes 6 hours for me to do. She mops, vaccumns, picks up, dusts the tops of my bookcase and cleans my windows. My house has never looked so good and I've never been so thrilled to show it off. Best money I've ever spent! 2011 is looking great for me!
5	I wish I had before and after pictures!  Marie did a cleanup on our empty rental - the toilets and showers never looked so good.  The rest of the house was spectacular as well.  She's thorough and very hard working.  Well worth the money.  We will use her again.
5	I am so happy I found Marie !! I was so overwhelmed with work and kids that when it came to the cleaning project I had at home I didn't know where to start so the mess just got bigger. I started to have anxiety that I was going to end up on that TV show hoarders. That's when Marie came in she cleaned my whole house top to bottom. I felt like Whitney Houston in waiting to exhale I felt so relieved  a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders. Marie left my house sparkling clean
5	Marie and her crew had their work cut out for them when I hired them to do a deep clean of my house.   She charged a super reasonable price.  They did an excellent job!
5	Marie and her team are fantastic! Flexible with schedule and always go above and beyond. Great with all of our pets and working around the boys' lego creations that are usually out on a desk or table when she arrives.
5	I have 6 dogs in my house, yes 6.  Which means my house gets a lot of dirt tracked in from outside.  I've always done everything myself, fixing things, cleaning, etc.  Well, I decided I've had enough I need help with my house, it's a lot of work to keep up with everything myself.  So I hired Marie to come out and clean the house.  As I worked, she was cleaning the house.  She did such a great job, and I was even able to hold a conference call with her cleaning.  Nothing was overlooked, it is immaculate.  So immaculate, I want to have her come every month and do the same thing.Thanks Marie, I really appreciate it, wonderful job.  I'm spreading your name like wildfire among the dog community right now, hopefully it gets you more business!
5	SPARKLING clean.My home cleaning had lagged far behind and caring for other things in life has left me feeling stretched thin right now. Calling marie was a big relief! She was friendly and worked HARD for her money. My house was dazzling when she left. Well done, Marie.
5	Maria is fantastic. Arranged for a deep clean of our house, a house that we have been remodeling, and she did an amazing job. All the fine dust from the work we've been doing was cleaned off even the most stubborn places. Maria kept me informed of the timing and costs along the way. It was so awesome to walk into the house and have it looking great and feeling fresh. Thank you!
5	What can I say? All the positive reviews are true! Marie and her team are awesome and I would never contact anyone else. The deep clean they did on my 2400 sq. ft. home was incredible! Call her now!
5	Marie and her team came to clean our home for the first time and it was amazing.  I have never had another company pay such attention to detail.  We recently had construction taking place in the home and there was dust and grime everywhere.  She was very thorough and when her team was done our home was spotless and looked new again.  She also only uses natural products - no dangerous chemicals!Thank you Marie...Eric
5	Marie is definitely the best. We had her team come home for a deep clean and they did an excellent job. my house is sparkling clean now. I would definitely have Marie and her team clean my apartment in future too. Thank you Marie..!!
5	They just came and cleaned my apartment. I have 4 other roommates and we each have our own room. Our place is spotless and smells amazing. They even cleaned all the dishes in our sink, as well as our washer and dryer that were disgusting. When we moved in the place was not deep cleaned and it finally is!
5	Here it is 2014, rolling into 2015 and Marie and I are going strong! I first hired Marie in 2010 and she is still my go to house cleaning service. She has kept my house spotless, regardless of my refusal to clean up after myself and my incessant need to add more pets and friends to my house. She always stays up with me and keeps my house looking like I care about where I live. I originally thought I would just use her services for a few months till I could get my job under control but you know what, I like my weekends for just that, being weekends and not for cleaning my house. Also, Marie cleans in ways that never occurred to me, she goes over the carpets with a vacuum cleaner multiple times where as I simply drag it across the room on its way to the closet. Or she mops my tile multiple times...where as I still wonder where she got this thing called a "mop"..Everything is clean when she leaves. I can't get that done in 2 days without killing myself, Marie is my sanity saver. Thanks Marie for making my home such a comfortable place to live...I owe you!
