5	Mark Breyer and his firm are fantastic!!  I had a slip & fall 3 & 1/2 years ago, they stuck with me thru thick & thin.  We experienced several unusual twist & turns during the coarse of our case.  Mark and his wonderful team stuck with us, kept us well informed, gave us advice & asked for our opinion thru the whole process.I would (and have) recommend  Breyer Law Offices to anyone in need of legal services.While several people are at Breyer Law Offices, I usually dealt with Lou, Alexis & Mark.  I felt cared about as a person, not only professionally but personally - I wasn't just another case.  I also very much appreciate the fact that when I was told, I would get a call back, I was told when to expect it, and they followed thru!!
5	Breyer Law Offices are about as good as it gets when it comes to law offices. They are attentive to their clients from the get go. You speak to either Mark or Alexis directly from day one. You have your own paralegal to answer questions and they are so readily available to do so. If you have to leave a message, you get a prompt response. They work hard to get you what you deserve on your case and to get it completed in a timely manner. You are not only their client, you're family. I highly recommend Mark and Alexis and Breyer Law Offices. 2 thumbs up!
5	On August 6 2012, I was in a motorcycle wreck involving another car and suffered a traumatic brain injury and was hospitalized for amonth. After getting out of the hospital, between the insurance companies and hospital bills, my wife and I had no idea what to do. So we called Breyer Law Offices. We were both hesitant to hire an attorney after some of the horror stories we had heard, but after the first meeting Mark encouraged us to take our time and think about it. After a weekend we decided to hire Mark to represent us. One of the best decisions we ever made. Mark, Alexis and Lou, his paralegal, are an amazing team. They answered all our questions, were aggressive with the insurance companies and put us first. Because of Mark and his team, I was able to focus on my recovery and get back to work while they handled business. Lou and Mark called on a regular basis to keep us up to date with the status of the case and ask us questions about how we wanted to proceed with the case.  I would highly recommend Breyer Law Offices to anyone. They are amazing. A++++++++++++++++++++++.
5	What a great Law Firm. They were willing to help and answered all my questions. I had legal questions and didn't know who to call. When I started looking for a lawyer and called other offices, I couldn't get one on the phone. When I called this law firm, I got all my questions answered and this team really cares. I highly recommend them!
5	Just as all the reviews before me, I am so happy with Mark and his team. I cannot say enough about how awesome these people have been to work with. I had the sense right from the beginning that Mark was a very down to earth guy and easy to talk to. I had a bad experience with a law firm a few years back and without going into too much detail, that accident was significantly worse and after two years and no real contact with that law firm, I settled for next to nothing. Mark let me know from the start that he was going to fight for me and he did, his whole team did. It was an uphill battle but I came out on top because of this amazing firm. I was constantly "in the loop" in regards to the status of my case. follow-up phone calls and even a personal call from Mark because he knew i was going through some medical issues, who else is gonna do that?!? You get a very genuine feeling from everyone you encounter at his offices. I firmly 100% believe that there is NO WAY I would of had the outcome I did if I went someplace else. I absolutely recommend Breyer Law!!
