5	Finally, one of my favorite clothing lines has a store here in Las Vegas and all I can say is that is about damn time! No longer do I have to venture to closest location which is in Dallas, TX  nor do I have to wish that I lived in their home base of London. Chloe, Chloe....you make me want to name my first born daughter after you!  How much do I love thee...let me count the ways:1) Your store is a mecca of clothes that I love to wear. Sleek, modern and street chic. Dresses, skirts and tops in all designs I love to wear!2) Shoes shoes shoes...what girl doesn't love them and you have the best! Great selection of heels, boots in every color and style that could make any woman cry and make any gay man want to become your new best friend.3) Purses...Yes, I own two and walking into this store made me want to purchase at least 4 more! Leather chic purses galore...small, medium and large...its all here!4) Staff...very friendly...it might have been the fact that I had a Chloe purse over my shoulder when I walked in that turned their radar on me but no matter what the case might have been, they were very pleasant and helpful.If you love Chloe like I do (and if you aren't familiar with this line don't worry...you will instantly fall in love like I did), this is a must stop shop for you.
4	Walked in just to see what was new. Had my back to the sales girl and guy, and as they were asking if they could help me, I turned around, revealing to them my gorgeous purple Paddington bag, which I got for 50% off in Paris! I have never been fawned over quite so much! I was escorted about, being shown the newest stuff, complete with matching shoes (who does that? no one needs shoes to exactly match their bags imho...). I think the service would've been great anyhow, but walking in with a bag certainly helps. =)
2	Picked up my 'marcie' cross-body bag here.  Got great customer service but was not informed of their guarantee or no return policy til after purchase...?  I expect more from this alleged high quality vendor!Next time I will purchase from Nordstroms or Niemans!
3	Bought a Paraty bag here a while ago on vacation with my family kind as a birthday present. Customer service was good, I forget her name but she had no problem finding the different color options I wanted out of my bag. I had kind of a feeling though that she didn't think I was really going to make a purchase and was just messing around and seemed really surprised when I decided to go for it. I guess it's not the biggest crime in the customer service field but I felt kind of embarrassed, because what, you looked at me and thought to yourself that I was going to just be wasting your time? A few weeks later I did get a hand-written note from the store though, which was a really nice, personal touch, so A+ for that!
4	I visited this store during  my Vegas trip this past summer and the lady working there is the sweetest.  The store was large and there is a regular price and sale section filled with beautiful leather handbags.  The lady encouraged me to try things on and was happy to show me similar styles.  If you want to buy a Chloe handbag, definitely check out this store.
4	Love the new season collections displayed in Venetian grand channel shop area. cant show a picture here. Definitely, the orange and violet colored Sally collection looks fantastic.  A chinese saleslady was so sweet to me. Disappointed the sale section does not have too many options of nice handbags. Give up the over 1000 grand orange Sally handbag. I'll visit the store again.
4	Bought a Marcie large satchel from David A. in May last year. Just revisited last week - has gorgeous S/S 2012 tropical colors on display. Marcie, Paraty continue to reign as top-sellers, but the mini Ethel is so fetch.Customer service is excellent - not pretentious, thoughtful and well-versed in Chloe's story. Carries one of the largest (if not the largest) selections in the US, given the international clientele. Clients receive invites to seasonal private sales. Gorgeous bags always, love Chloe!
4	Typically, I stay far, far away from high-end boutiques.  Even if I have money to burn, they always make me feel like a grungy 12-year-old girl.Luckily, Chloe at the Palazzo is an exception.  I looked all over town for a black Marcie satchel for work without luck.  With hesitation, and after a shot of vodka, I decided to check out the Chloe boutique.Yeah, apparently, I should just suck it up in the future because I found the bag immediately. In a million different colors --something you will not find anywhere, ANYWHERE else in town. Also, my salesperson (can't remember her name) was really friendly, helpful and not pushy.  She also made me feel comfortable.  This, in my experience, is not the norm in LV boutiques. Points off though for their return policy.  No refunds, 7 days to exchange.  Ouch.The hand-written thank you card was a nice touch.
4	Wow... their flats are the BEST... really?!Since the ortho and the PT banned me from wearing any heels for this epic trip... I had to sport flats for our token night out... and thankfully my sis bought me a pair... orange and it matched my dress for the evening! Friendly staff... again because we were shopping... expensive as hell but really well worth it!
4	Chloe I love you! I love my Chloe bag, I love the soft suppleness of the beautiful leather, I do not love the hefty price tag but very worth it for the quality.
