1	Beware! If you don't know anything about cars at all, do not use him. He will try and cheat you. I was in from AZ and I thought I blew a hose on my charger 2006. He comes to look at it, can't find a bad hose. To make a long story short. He went under the hood and shorted out my coolant temp sensor, with this probe he used. The car shut off. When it re-fires the Temp gauge doesn't work any more. Proceeds to tell me my head gaskets are blown. This car has 56,000 miles on it. Anyway I knew enough about cars to know, that wasn't it and he had damaged something.I made it back to AZ with no problems, HEAD GASKETS ARE FINE.Turns out he shorted out the temp sensor and that's why the gauge didn't work, witch I replaced and everything is fine on the car. I had dealer double check it. It had over headed because the radiator car failed and leaked coolant.So this guy was willing to let me have to fly my fiance home so she good be back with the kids and strand me in Vegas for a week. While he did a 1800$ head gasket job that didn't need to be done. He saw out of state plates, Sunday afternoon with no other mechanics readily available and a guy who appeared to no nothing about cars at all and tried to rip me offDo not use him.He will if he thinks he can, rip you off.ALSO HE IS DIRTY AND HIS TRUCK IS A PILE OF SH*T. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL. THE CASINO I WAS AT WOULDN'T EVEN LET HIM NEAR THE CAR ON THERE LOT.
1	Horrible....this man is a complete fraud....he asked for money up front for the cost of part and never ordered them after calling for over a week he finally shows up at my office to ask for more money for another part so I went to check out the vehicle and nothing was done....never touched and refused to refund me my money or give me the parts at least.....beware use a real shop he works out of his ghetto garage and claims to have an office.
1	DO NOT USE THIS MAN!!! Dan Nunn will completly rip you off. According the The Better Business Bureau he has recieved numerous complaints agaisnt him and has recieved an F rating. According the DMV Of Enforcement he does not have a license. They also have many complaints agaisnt him and are currently looking for him. He provides a fake address. He will come look at your car. Tell you what he thinks is wrong, charge you up the ass. (Not including tax which is illegal) and then he will tell you he needs a part. Take off with your money only never been to seen again. But,he will call you or text everyday that he will be there tomorrow and then never shows up. Took my car for a second opinion on the a/c he was fixing and they said he ripped me off and diddnt do the right work. He is a fraud and a scam artist. I pray every day that karma will catch up to him. It looks like that may be in action. Save your money and time and go to accredited, liscensed shop. He is not a good person at all!
1	THIS COMPANY IS A FRAUD!I paid Dan Nun for several car parts for a job. That was almost a year ago. He never answers the phone and has never showed up with my parts. He stole my money. Period. State biz license revoked in 2006!!! Not licensed with NV DMV as required!!!
1	I wish there was a button for no stars.... This man is a fraud, liar and all around horrible business man.Many of you are refering to a man named Dan, but the payments I made were for a John Pamo....My company paid a deposit for work to be done on an engine in December. After weeks of calling to try and schedule a time for him to come and fix the truck we were unsuccessful. We needed to get the truck fixed (this is a business truck and were spending $5,000 a month for a rental) after waiting 2 months for him to fix it we finally hired another company (someone reliable) to actually fix the problem. We filed a claim through PAYPAL and American Express but this man lied about work done and not being paid... We paid him to look at the truck the first time and decided to give him the rest of the job.It is now almost March and we still have not been able to get our money back. Guess it's time for small claims. BEWARE!!!! Do not give this man any money!!!
1	My review was mysteriously removed... So I will repost it...I wish there was a button for no stars.... This man is a fraud, liar and all around horrible business man.Many of you are referring to a man named Dan, but the payments I made were for a John Pamo....My company paid a deposit for work to be done on an engine in December. After weeks of calling to try and schedule a time for him to come and fix the truck we were unsuccessful. We needed to get the truck fixed (this is a business truck and were spending $5,000 a month for a rental) after waiting 2 months for him to fix it we finally hired another company (someone reliable) to actually fix the problem. We filed a claim through PAYPAL and American Express but this man lied about work done and not being paid... We paid him to look at the truck the first time and decided to give him the rest of the job.It is now almost March and we still have not been able to get our money back. Guess it s time for small claims. BEWARE!!!! Do not give this man any money!!!
1	Horrible!!!!!!!!! This man cheated me beyond belief! He pretended like he called someone from BMW to check on a recall (which I had no idea about till he said something) he said no recall had been issued and charged me over 300$!  I went home to California a week later and I had a recall letter from BMW(that had been there for 2 months!) I finally just took it to the dealer and they informed me he installed it all wrong and it's good I came in.....He also did something to my thermostat so now it's reading as if it's overheating but I just put coolant in it, so I'm still trying to fix that too! He also offers to come to you... But don't be fooled! He only does this because he runs this bs shop out of his house! I felt like because it was a father and son they would be honest and good but I was wrong..... Don't make the same mistake I did!
