3	I went to O'Brien's Saturday night after hanging out at the Rogue West for a bit. We were more than curious because there was live music coming from the place all night. We caught the last band of the night and it was so much fun. $1 Pabst and friendly bartenders. the crowd was a mixture of younger hipsters to older regulars and everyone there was friendly. It's nice when you can walk into a place and feel welcomed! I would check it out again.
4	OKie dokie... so who's has ever been to a bar that served shitty food?? ME!!! But not this place.... I've been here twice... and had their take out a few... I've never really been much of a wing eater.. but their mild wings are SO good!! I've also had the chicken strips and fries... and today the Cheeseburger and Fries... Wow SO good... i can never finish it all.... the beef patty was really thick and tasted like i grilled it myself... There is an open patio that is nice and private from the traffic on 35th ave... and is completely shaded so your not burned in our summer sun ... if i were a smoker... i would love it! The Bartender Amy is amazing... she is like a bumble bee going going all the time... and always has a smile : ) The Bathroom is small... but its clean, doesn't smell and its has all the proper essentials... Ive only been here during the day so i cant say anything on how they are during the evening.... but if your around the neighborhood on your lunch, i would highly recommend this place : )
4	Went for a few drinks... in the evening this time ;) lol it was really relaxing and fun... there was a trash can fire... that was entertaining... the bartender was sweet and cool.. she kept coming over and hung out throughout the night... I only stayed till about 930 on a Tuesday... and it was pretty full for a Tuesday I'd say :) i cant wait to go back for the Halloween party :)
4	A friend of mine told me that his best friend played in a band (Disaster Services was the name) and that they were going to be at this bar. I was a little leery at first as the neighborhood isn't exactly the best, but by no means bad.So I dropped down there, which was a bit of a drive from Avondale. I pulled in behind the bar, where all of the parking was. The parking lot is laid out in a somewhat confusing manner that leads me to believe that those who end up driving with a few too many in them may see headlights in front of their car as they try to navigate the layout. I wouldn't consider it discouraging though, as long as you pay attention to the arrows on the ground. Pretty self-explanatory.So I went inside, and the builders seemed to have a nice floor plan in mind, save for the bathrooms being in the same hall as the front entryway. The bar is in a sort of tophat shape and past that are a series of high-top tables. The seating on the patio was a sort of bar-like countertop on one side and some shorter but wider tables as well as tables suitable for 2-4 people.I remember seeing three pool tables and a jukebox (which was not in use for the band's sake) and the ever common but never boring video game screens on the bartop. Just as with most bars these days they had multiple LCD TVs showing sports and poker games.The service was great. I sat at a hightop thinking I'd be sitting there for a little while until I met the server, but one of the bartenders came by almost immediately. She was one of three there that night and all of them were quick to take my order and as friendly as could be. They claim "No one under 21, and we card!" and they weren't lying.They have lots of beer on tap and also claim to have the best wings in Phoenix. I can't say if they were THE best in Phoenix, as I haven't tried many wings out here, but the wings were excellent and complemented my Kilt Lifter rather well.Overall, I can certainly see myself heading to O'Brien's many more times again. Oh, and that band, Disaster Services, played a great show! I don't know if they play there often, but if you like Classic Rock, 80's Rock, 80's Pop, Motown, and really interesting medleys of the genres, it might be well worth an evening to check out the bar and the band (should they be playing).
5	I have lived in Phoenix most of my life but had never lived in 'Dirty Phoenix' (West PHX east Glendale) as I call it and in the last year bought a house literally down the street from the place. So my first month in the house I am driving around finding where all the grocery stores are and such and drive right by this place called O'Brien's. It looked like a cool little dive bar which is my kind of place. O'Brien's is my hang out now. I love the place, the bartenders are all very cool and very quick with my favorite drink..Capt-n-Coke and the food is really good. Its not too big and not too small and you get all kinds inside. its not just a biker bar, or gay bar or metal bar..its just a good bar. Justine, Kat, Hope and Tara are awesome.
4	Calling this an "Irish Pub" or "Sports Bar"  might be a stretch... But I will let it slide due to the awesome diviness of this joint. They do have a HUGE selection of cheap tap beers, all kinds of various liquor, and basic wine.It's a "park in the back" run down looking bar that gives you a slight feel of uncertainty when getting ready to open the door. I'm sure glad we did, though! A dive for sure and mainly male patrons. Lots of seating, dim lights, and some good country music playing on the jukebox. They have a massive "outdoor" patio, but it felt like we were still inside. Reminded me of an Arizona room. Spoke to a couple nice, layed back fellows and felt safe and comfortable. The drinks were cheap and cold. The bartender's here kick ass! They are funny, sassy, fast and efficient chicks. Impressive for sure. They seemed to know everyone by name, their drink of choice, and what happenings were going on in their lives.Onto the food...Yum!!! I had a stellar double decker grilled cheese that was hot and cooked to perfection. The hub had wings and loved them. Our tab was cheap, we heard some hilarious stories, and will definitely be back! I honestly didn't want to leave due to having such an unexpected blast. Don't let the neighborhood or outside exterior intimidate you. Well worth taking that deep breath and walking in the back door for a fun night.
4	Though I am not such a fan of Irish pubs this bar is pretty cool.  Pool tables, lots of beer choices and a laid back crowd. I do wish they played better music.  The wings there are good. That is about all I have eaten.. well that is all I remember what is tastes like. Mostly we would show up there after we had already been drinking. Yep.. this bar is ok.. more men than ladies so be prepared for that!
4	I always had a bias against O'Brien's as the *other* bar on 35th & Northern. Now that it's the only one, and some buddies of mine were playing a show, I finally caved and checked it out. Did not regret.It's a pretty roomy bar that fits tons of people. I liked the enclosed smoking patio, since my friends didn't have to leave to light up. The drink specials are groovy. $1 lands you some cheap beer (PBR, I believe) and for $3.50 you'd get a frosty mug of Leinenkugel's Berry Weiss. I can drink that for days! There are tons of cheap shots listed above the bar, and I'll get around to trying them all.The only downsides were slow service (this place seemed understaffed) and no stage for bands. They just clear some stuff out of the way, and people there to listen to music find themselves bumping into people sitting down watching the game. Feels awkward and disorganized.But if you get drunk enough, will that really matter?
4	Definitely the BEST wings in Phoenix.  Huge selection of flavors too.  The other food is also good, but I go out of my way to come in the for the wings.  Its a dive bar for sure, but very comfortable and safe.  Lots of regulars.  Sometimes the staff is stretched a little thin, but other than that - Awesome.My husband loves it so much, he's on their pool league.
4	All-around great bar.  It may seem a bit dive-y at first, but that's what gives it character right?  Cheap beer, awesome food (especially the wings), hot bartenders, pool, darts, nice patio, live music, Buck Hunter, Golden Tee...this place has it all.  For the most part the girls there are all pretty average, nothing a few beers can't fix.  Depending on what night you go, there's usually a pretty good spread...great place to pull cougars.
4	Nice and low key. Good food but they don't book very good bands. Mainly metal or cover bands. Their Thursday ladies night is great. It's top-notch as far as dives go. And I love my dive bars.
1	I have been a patron of this establishment for many many years and have watched it steadily decline.  It has declined so much to the point that I will no longer come here.  The good: And the only reason I gave it one star is the wings.  Otherwise it would get zero stars from me.The bad:  Where do I begin?  There is honestly nothing 'Irish' about this place.  The sign in front of the bar on 35th Ave says Obriens Irish.  The bar is located in a sketchy area without a doubt.  The place is worn and old looking inside and out.  Parking is horrible!  Trying to get in and out is a constant challenge.  One time my vehicle was a hit and run victim while parked in their parking lot. Of course no one would own up to it or leave a note with contact info.  Very little women ever come in this place which is not suprising considering the unwelcoming aura.  I have steadily watched the clientelle go downhill over the years.  This place now seems to attract a large majority of low lifes.  Graffiti in the bathrooms, people smoking inside the bar when the bar has a patio for smoking, not enough staff to handle the flow of customers or to correct problems effectively, a cook/waiter/bouncer/jack of all trades named Matt that seriously needs to work on his people skills, a pregnant bartender that you feel bad for who is overworked because of the short staff, one of the owners Al is another one that needs to seriously work on his people skills.... I could go on and on but I am sure you get the point.Gone are the days of bartenders like Dawnelle and Jill.  Gone are the days where you could go in and recognize people you have seen there before who know your name and you know theirs.  Gone are the days of a variety of food specials.  Gone are the days of this bar having the feeling of you honestly being able to say to yourself  "this is my bar or I LOVE THIS BAR!"  Gone are the days of you being able to tell your friends and family what a great place it is.  Now this place is just a serious dive with little to no redeeming qualities.  I honestly think that even Jon Taffer could not rescue this bar.
4	An unusual place ... BUT A LOT OF FUN Pool Tables, Darts, 2 Megatouch, and Touchtunes, and Buzztime.Food is good, TUES is Wing day 50cent min 6 dine-in only. Several different beers on tap and in bottles. Bartenders are cute and friendly.  Place is always busy.This place has a smoking patio that is completely covered and is very near the bar.  A roll-up garage door is usually open. I always have a good time, even though it's Irish in name only
4	Food is shockingly good for the place it is. It isn't Irish though, more like regular bar. It isn't exactly a friendly place to eat, it's really a bar, but that's fine. It's delish food. The people are a bit sketchy at times.
2	Whose **** do I need to suck to get a drink around here ?Oh joy. The owner's.The tired bartenders are over worked and under staffed. When they aren't being molested by their boss they may have time to service you.This is too painful a scene, which could very well lead to more drinking..Fortunately, I have money to purchase a drink, so Ill be at Hideaway West.
3	I like this place because I always have fun when I go.  But there service is terrible.  It takes forever to get a drink, but the prices are pretty reasonable.  There's always interesting people hanging out.  The music is really loud and there's always an interesting playlist.  You'll hear metal, hip hop, dubstep, classic rock, and indie music all in the first hour of sitting there.  The outer part of the bar is technically a patio so no one has to go outside to smoke which helps when hanging out with friends.
5	Fun Irish pub smoking section where you can drink,,., great drink specials. . Good food
4	This place is awesome. My only complaint is the slow service at times, but it doesn't stop us from going. The food is delicious. Everything we've ever ordered has been damn good. Overall, It's a great dive bar with a good beer selection that's worth the slow service at times.
3	Came for a drink after work before I went home to surprise and was told that if was going to pay by debit that I would have to spend $10 minimum. Why can't you pay for what you order regardless of what type of payment you use. Normally I would drink more than $10 worth but today happened to be a day that I can't stay long. And to top it off I asked if I could pay with cash for my one drink with cash, which you can but, the ATM was out of service... Normally I don't care but that I did...
3	Their wings are really good, maybe the only good thing left about this place, they could really use more staffs because not enough to service you and they are over worked. And I always find the ATM is out of service. This place use to be different and better. But will come back once in awhile to check back on them.
4	I love this place. This bar ends up being my husband and I's date night favorite. It's close to our home, there is an inside-ish air conditioned patio where we can smoke, the beers are big and ice cold and they even have shuffle board.  The juke box is loud and always on point.Sure it's a little "dive" that truly is not in any way an authentic Irish pub but they don't shove the fact that they're an Irish bar in your face.It's a great place to grab a few ice cold beers, eat some of the CRAZY AMAZING wings, and relax.
5	This is a great dive bar that is very laid back and easy going. The staff is great and the people are super friendly. The bar food is awesome and is priced really good. There are a couple of pool tables, video machines and dart boards. The music is at a level that is just right.
1	Run of the mill neighborhood bar. Not sure about the food since I've only had the wings, which are okay. They lose a lot of points because of bad service. I understand management wants to watch labor costs and bartenders/servers want to have as many customers for the tips. This place is always understaffed. Two different times I was here to watch a game with a cold drink and dinner. Both times the bartender was too busy to take my dinner order. This last time I was waving the menu to get her attention and that didn't work. Paid for my beer and left. Went to another nearby bar that had good food and great service.I was looking for a new neighborhood bar. Ya know...one you would go to several times a week for happy hours and late night fun. Won't be this place.
