1	One of the biggest scams in LV, you are better off at Mac Donald's and taking the difference to the table; loosing there would be more enjoyable.  The dcor is breath taking from the bar to the main restaurant salon, with ceiling draped curtains and the overly attentive staff doesn't nearly make for BAD FOOD.  Basic Chinese cuisines such as Dim Sum dishes and prettied up traditional dishes stopped there.  You are better off at Panda Express or better yet the frozen section of your grocery store.  However, the food is not the worst of it, the bill came out to $1800 for 8 people...this was my most embarrassing business dinner of my career.6/30/07 - Recently revisited due to a business dinner.  We were invited  for a client dinner for a group of 20.  The service and decor remains impeccable, but it still leaves me short with the poor quality of food.  I was still very disappointed in even the most basic of dishes.  The only unfortunate positive is that I did not have to pick up the tab, Lilly would have Shanghai me for the second time.  With so many choice not in LV alone, but in the Mandalay Bay, SL would be the last place I would consider.  One thing for sure, it LV price, LV glitz and glamour, and just like LV; you would always leave a little empty, hollowed, shallow, and perhaps slighted.
4	Well, I had a great business dinner experience here. I got a private room, and I ordered in advance what I wanted. The food was very good, the service impeccable, and the ambiance was unsurpassed. This approach really helped to make the business meeting/dinner focused on the relationship between new business partners enhanced by good food and conversation, instead of worrying about what to order and how much it cost. Don't take your family there, unless it is someone's 100 birthday and you are honoring them. Even then, try my approach.
3	I Love it here!  I've been here around 3-4 times... Great Chinese Food! Service is Great!  Quite, Elegant Ambience... Beautiful Asian Decor.  Love the Blond Bartender! She knows her wines!
3	We came here on an off night, an evening just to rest and relax after an all day affair at one of Mandalay Bay's beach cabana's. We both were in the mood for seafood; she chose the Sea Bass, I went with the Halibut.Started w the Gyoza, which was the highlight.  The fish was good, with a nice, clean presentation (see pics) but have had better, both in texture and taste...it wasn't bad per se, but just not knock your socks off good (that would be what the food was at Sensi, two night later! Wow!!)
2	This was the restaurant that we held a small wedding banquet after my cousin's wedding.  The food was definitely the kind of Chinese food that is made for Americans.  There were a few dishes that I couldn't eat due to being allergic to crustaceans, so I didn't try any of the shrimp dishes, but the other food was OK, but nothing great.The decor and ambiance was fine, and, in trying to keep up with the rest of the restaurants in that part of Mandalay, it was going for chi-chi look.  There were these long white things dangling from the ceiling, and then at the bottom of them, was a small red lantern-like thing, but they didn't have any lights in them, and some of them were missing, in fact.  The waitstaff was pretty much what you would expect.  Nothing too spectacular except the hostess was wearing a chipau (sp?) with a really long slit on the side.
4	Been coming here since they opened in 99!  Great Chinese food!!  Cool interior, great service and fabulous food!!  Little pricey, but worth it..
4	We went to this place for dinner.  It was well lit.  It is supposed to be kid unfriendly but my rambunctious kids were so well behaved, it was like they weren't even there.  Either it was the long drive or the peacful atmosphere in the restaurant.  Here's what we ordered: For the kids:  The chef made a special accomodation for the kids by adding chicken to the noodles.  Their noodles are normally vegetarian.  Also they weren't like the ramen noodles you see in Chinese restaurants.  Kids scarfed it up.For us:  Combo appetizer platter:  Nothing grand about it.  StandardLamb with ginger, onion basil and chili:  WOW.  Very unique!Singapore style prawns:  Very niceEggplant and tofu:  This was very nice too!The waiter was very cordial and accomodating too.  We'll definately go back.
3	Went here on a Sun. night.  Got a table with no problem.  If you are looking for authentic Chinese, this is probably not the best place.  It's sort of like upscale PF Chang's.  Although I must say, the food was pretty tasty.  The seafood was really high quality.  Being at a nice casino on the strip, I expect to pay premium prices.  However, for this price-point the service was disappointing.  They seated us in the corner of an empty restaurant and completely forgot about us.  It took 3 requests and 20 mins to get our check.      Chinese restaurants are notorious for bad service and this is just another example.
2	I just got Shanghai'ed for an extra star!  The inside was immaculate and dare I say pretty?That's about it.  It's basically an upper scale PF Chang's with Panda Express food.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy me some Panda Express from time to time, but I pay Panda Express money.  If I'm forking this amount cash in this place, the food better have been dummy-waitered from the city of Shanghai.  I want to be able to taste the sweat that dripped off the cooks forehead from Shanghai in my dish.  Not really, but you know what I mean.  I don't think I was even full after the meal.
1	I did not enjoy this restaurant at all. We only decided to patronize this place because we've been staying at the Mandalay Bay and THEhotel when at Vegas.It gets one star because of the elegant interior. It's pretty much Chinese fine dining Vegas-style.We went here with family with a reservation and we still had to wait for them to prepare the table. For a restaurant that only opens for dinner for 5 hours at a time and only 5 days of the week, it sounds too pretentious and feels like a fly-by-night operation. You get the experience, they get your money and then they close until the next 5-hour service.In terms of food, you do get the works for ingredients like Peking duck, Lobster lettuce wraps, Seabass, shrimps. But there's really nothing that stands out and grabs hold of you. It all tastes like ordinary, clean, non-greasy cooking in presentable plates over fine table cloth and polished silverware.The pricing and portions is a deal-breaker. Unlike Chinese cuisine where you know you've definitely over-ordered for your table, this is the opposite. The dishes are in small portions and the waiter will advise you it may not be enough despite having a dozen on his list already.Complete with drinks, you won't leave satisfied from the restaurant but from the great company at your table that you just had.Being Vegas, there are a lot of authentic places and then there are a lot of pretentious places - you'll know where this belongs. Skip.
3	This is a find for Las Vegas strip dining at reasonable prices (if you order the shabu shabu).  The space is very modern with the right amount of Asian  flavor to make it a good fit with the Mandalay Bay clientele.  I do not understand why so many people have complained about the service.  We had the restaurant manager help us with the preparation and service of the food.  The wait staff was very attentive.  We were never without water, plates were changed as the meal progressed, our needs were always addressed.The quality of the food is the most important in any restaurant.  As far as shabu shabu goes, this is OK.  The beef is not USDA Prime but the seafood is very fresh (they should reconsider some of the seafood choices such as the cod since it breaks up into tiny flakes as it cooks).  The cooking broth is very simple and benefits greatly from cooking all of the ingredients.  Enjoy the noodles at the very end of your meal and you will not be disappointed.This place is worth a try.
3	Small portions and over priced.  You are paying for Panda Express style food in a fine dinning atmosphere.  You can spend about half the price at PF Changs, for better food.  The restaurant was only half full, yet they made us wait at the bar as a way to force people to spend more money before they even get a table.  Once our table was "ready", the hostess met us at the bar to escort us to our table.  They would not let us transfer our bar tab to our table, so we had to settle our tab there on the spot.  Not very classy.  And the hostess never offered to carry my wife's drink from the bar to the table.  Again not very classy.  At a place like this you would expect the finer details like these to be taken care of.The server could not seem any less interested in our table.  After a couple of questions about the menu, that the server could not answer, the only recomendations he could offer were the most expensive dishes on the menu.  It was clear the server only cared about his guest check average.
2	Excellent service (especially for Mandarin only speakers) but the food was very disappointing. Basically if you live like I do near San Gabriel Valley or overseas than there is no reason for you to come here. The food is expensive, though of very good quality, however there really isn't any type of specialty here that you can't get elsewhere for cheaper. This place is mainly for the show and decor rather than the food. Keep in mind I am very critical of Chinese food as I am use to home-cooked meals and cheap but good in SGV. Also as a caveat, there isn't any real Shanghai speciality food here even though the restaurant is named Shangahi Lilly. 0_o
3	Ate her for the 3rd time on sunday and it wasnt as good as the last time we ate here! Maybe everything tasted a lot better the last time because it was off the menu? My live shrimp was OVER COOKED... 6 of them for $74! :(I enjoyed my egg whites with scallop fried rice though... the scallops were cooked perfectly! As for the drunken chicken, ehh my girlfriend's mom made it way better!Next time, have the HOST order!
2	2.0 Stars(+)Great service. (-)Expensive and mediocre food.When you walk into Shanghai Lilly you'll notice it has a very elegant interior. From the high ceilings to the long draping curtains, this is one of the fanciest Chinese restaurants I have stepped into.If only the food could match the delight of the inside decor.  I went into this restaurant expecting this, but I was craving something different after eating mostly American dishes during my stay at THEhotel in Vegas.I wanted to try their Shabu Shabu after seeing it advertised outside of their restaurant.  Be forewarned that you will need to cook all of your own food with this type of meal. They even listed all the different items that came with the Shabu Shabu meal.  For $39 you get unlimited meat, vegetables, and rice/noodles including:BeefChickenPorkMeatballs: Beef, Pork, Fish, ShrimpSausageSeabassSalmonScallopsShrimpMusselsFried Fish TofuLettuceNapa CabbageFried TofuBok Choy ShootsRoot TaroDaikonRomaine LettuceCabbageVermicelli NoodlesLo Mein NoodlesSteamed RiceBrown RiceThe $39 base option includes Chicken broth to cook all the items, but if you want to add another type of broth like the Szechwan Spicy broth you have to add an additional $10/pot. DO NOT GET THIS. It is a really not worth it and it doesn't add too much more of a spicy flavor to your cooked items.  Just ask for the red chili sauce if you like things spicy. The overall quality of the meats was pretty poor. For instance, the pieces of beef and pork were really fatty. I was sad to see they offered lamb on the menu for an additional charge. The seafood was pretty decent. I ordered mostly shrimp because I saw the fish breaking apart really fast in the pot.  The vegetables were mostly pretty fresh and I definitely enjoyed that.I ended my meal with an almond cookie that was crispy, but had a chewy center.All in all, the food was sub-par, but the service was great. My server was very attentive, friendly, and would consistently check-in with me to see if I needed any additional items. I probably won't be back to try the other items on the menu mainly because the food here is way overpriced.
4	This review is only for Shabu Shabu...Unique and different. We scored a $50 restaurant.com g/c on sale ($4 with the 80% off code). I called the restaurant to verify that we could use it for the AYCE shabu shabu as the g/c said you must purchase 2 prix fixe meals. She said as long as you spend the $100 - no problem. And there was no problem at all...Made a reservation just in case the place was busy. Upon arrival, we were promptly greeted and seated immediately in a nice comfy booth against a mirrored/windowed wall.We order the shabu shabu (2 adults, 1 child - 50% off); which just totaled under $100, plus a drink - perfect! Service - amazing! attentive, respectful and detail oriented.Food - OMG- too much food! At first we were like "oh we'll get through this and hit round 2".. no go.. - epic fail! We cooked and cooked and cooked and could not seem to eat all the food they brought. The server kept asking if we wanted more, but we couldn't. Tastes were simply and clean. The only drawback was the sauce - not typical shabu shabu accompaniments. Understanding we were in a Chinese restaurant, ok fine, but a black bean/5-spice flavor wasn't what I was exactly looking for. The meats and seafood were abundant and fresh. Bill - when the bill arrived, the server added the gratuity as outlined on the g/c, but what I found amazing was that when he ran my card, he crossed out the gratuity line and made it crystal clear that gratuity was included. I have never seen a server be so consumer-oriented, which was refreshing! Will definitely go back, but only with the g/c as it is a bit pricey. Great find in the sea of restaurants in MB.
4	Went there last weekend.  Despite seeing the so-so reviews, my mom wanted to check it out.  We had a large party of 18 people, so we decided to order a bunch of stuff (double orders) for each table (there were 2 tables).  We got mongolian beef, pan fried noodles with seafood, sweet and sour pork, honey walnut shrimp, some kind of chicken.  I thought the food was pretty tasty, the service was good, and it came out to about $45 per person.  It was just the right amount of food - no leftovers, but everyone was full.  It was pricy, but this is Las Vegas, and nothing is cheap.  The panfried noodles were especially good - they were those really thin yellow noodles, with all kinds of seafood on top.  Delicious!
3	I once organized a banquet from around 24 people at Shanghai Lily- I booked both their VIP rooms and had the partition removed.  The decor throughout the restaurant was spectacular and the service was flawless.There are two things about Asian service.  It's either very laid back and unaccustomed to American standards of service, or EXTREMELY hospitable, like the traditional Japanese restaurants.  Shanghai Lily's lack in food awesome-ness is made up by their balance in service.As I worked with the manager to do the banquet, everyone was very welcoming.  We had the most amazing hostess and a prompt waitstaff that served our table.Only thing is, the food was just alright.  It was overpriced for what it tasted like.  Not that it was bad, but for a restaurant on the strip that prices itself be up to par with other strip restaurants, their food did not deliver that caliber.  It had a couple unique ingredients used in general Chinese dishes, and that was about it.Portions were not family size.  This is typical of any Asian restaurant on the strip though.Ever been to Wing Lei?  Imagine something a notch less formal with a menu that has somewhat more familiar dishes, and you've got Shanghai Lily.If you'd like to go on a date for a simple eat, this place will do.  But if you're looking to wow someone, skip it.
3	Overpriced standard chinese fare but it was decent and if you are looking for chinese on the strip it is ok.
2	This place totally sucks.  We ordered this lobster lettuce wrap but turned out to be a pancake thing.  It was cold and lobster wasn't even in it.  It was craw fish that they played off as lobster.  We also ordered Lamb with Ginger, Onion, Basil & Chili.  It ws just ok.  There was no flavor and the fried rice was really bad and mushy.  Besides the horrible food, the service was great and I think the drinks made up for the bad food. I don't know how they are still open.
4	Place was pretty good. We ordered about 8 dishes among 8 people and all were pretty delicious. Each dish was unique in flavor and appearance. The fish dishes were all very good. The food is definitely a 5 star. As far as service goes, that's a different story. Servers here really don't care if your paying $25-$35 a dish and ordering multiple bottles of wine. They'll treat you similar to someone at dim sum restaurant. For a high end restaurant at Mandalay Bay, you would think service would be a little better. Overall, I would come back. The rude service actually mad me laugh. The food was definitely as good as it gets.
3	My husband and I came here for Valentine's Day as a walk in, even though we tried calling a couple days prior to make reservations. On our way to China Grill we decided to stop at the hostess stand to see if they had any cancelations. It was about 10 minutes before they opened for dinner and the hostess said she could accommodate us if we came back right at 5:30pm. So we did, and we were the first ones in the restaurant...and for the next 30 minutes, we were still the only ones in the restaurant. LOLThe food was good, nothing to write home about, but good nonetheless. We ordered the pork fried rice, Mongolian beef and Dragon shrimp (I think that's what it was called) and everything came out relatively quickly (again, probably because we were the only table there for the first 30 minutes of service). The servers were attentive and kept my husband's drinks coming. A bit over priced, but hey, this is Vegas and the Strip so what do you expect?
1	Horrible service, mediocre food.  The first sign of a problem should've been only a few tables full on a Friday night at 9 p.m.  At first, our waiter was attentive.  We ordered appetizers, soup, entree and dessert.  Our waiter disappeared right after the appetizer.  A busser filled our empty water glasses after we were finished with our entrees but literally, there was no server for at least 45 minutes!  We both wanted more cocktails and wine but there was no one to place an order with.  Only the person who brought out the food.  No checking in, zilch, nonexistant service!  This has never happened to us, whether it's at a Chile's level restaurant and certainly not at a finer dining place!!!The hot and sour soup was the highlight of the meal.  The entree flavors were bland and the dessert was a joke - prefrozen pastry puffs with ice cream in the middle - served hard as a rock, you'd be better off with a $3 dessert from Trader Joe's feezer aisle.
4	The wonderful ambiance and service invites you to slow down and enjoy every bite at this restaurant. The food splits the difference between traditional cantonese and modern asian cuisine. Excellent!!
3	Had a group dinner here with around 12 folks and overall it was a decent meal.  The spot has good ambiance and the help was great.  The food was well done in some aspects but others failed miserably.  Hot and sour soup was poor, fried rice was not flavorful, lamb dish was pretty decent and the kung pao chicken was pretty good.  It's pricey so it's challenging to give it a 4 star rating for the food quality but overall if you're at Mandalay and want a nice sit down Chinese meal it's worth a shot for sure.
5	Stayed at Mandalay Bay and went to this restaurant for dinner.   It was not very crowded and we got right in.   The decor is beautiful, the food was even better.   I had the Dragon Shrimp and the Cantonese sweet and sour pork and both were great.   The service was impeccable.   I had a specialty drink, Tang Dynasty and I asked for the recipe it was so good.  I highly recommend.
5	I found this place on Restaurant.com and decided to try them out.  We were very impressed.Food is very good. Ambiance is excellent. Service is Five Stars!
2	Lot's of atmosphere but just average food. I need to face the fact that the only place to find good Chinese is in NYC and San Francisco. I went for a business dinner. I was sooo looking forward to having some really great Chinese. It was just average. I've tasted better at PF Changs. You're basically paying for all the fancy decor. I'd skip Chinese anywhere outside of NY. Really what's the point. What was amazingly great were the drinks. WOW! I had a rum drink off the drink menu that I swear tasted like a grape jolly rancher. DELICIOUS!! Oh and if you like Boc Choy my colleagues were raving. I had the lemon chicken and the general tso's and it was dry and flavorless. The noodles were sticky and blah. The meal for me was no way worth the price (I didn't pay thank GOD). So many other better places in Vegas to dine.
4	Two years since my original review and a half dozen additional visits and the restaurant continues to deliver a good, reasonably priced dining experience for the Strip bound.The problems with service that once plagued the restaurant are gone.  Service is very efficient and friendly, even more so if you're not Asian (or someone in your group is not Asian).  Servers work to put shabu shabu noobs at ease, assisting with cooking and providing friendly tips.The overall quality of the ingredients remains excellent.  The cooking broth is well seasoned and absolutely benefits from the addition of all the ingredients.  The price ($39 AYCE) definitely not bad for the Strip.I have still not tried their Chinese dishes.  From reading the menu alone, most seem standard and for that, I have my favorites elsewhere.There are undoubtedly better shabu shabu places off the strip but for the uninitiated or Vegas visitor who can't be more than an hour away from the tables, Shanghai Lilly is an excellent choice.Recommended.
4	Their noodles were amazing!  Restaurant is not too big, was able to have a cozy meal.
2	My husband and I went there with another couple.  We had a $100 pre-paid discount and had to spend a minimum of an additional $100.  The atmosphere was lovely . . .  very clean looking, uncluttered and comtemporary.  The staff was attentive and cordial.  However, when I am dining in an upscale restaurant, I expect that plates will not be removed until all diners have finished.  Furthermore, my friend was the last one to finish and not only had they already removed all our plates but they served the dessert while she was just finishing her entree.Our tab (each couple) was approximately $85.00 each.  So with our $100 discount, the total was actually $270.00.  The quality of the food was fine, the presentation was good, but there is nowhere in the world that this was as superb as the price would indicate.  The food was just "okay" and the only part that was above average were the two desserts that came as part of the fixed-price menu selection (@ $58 each) that my husband and I ordered.We all were very disappointed.  We commented how we have better tasting take-out food from our neighborhood Chinese restaurant, but of course, no atmosphere!By the way, we all are local residents, not tourists.  If you're going to Shanghai Lilly and get comped  --  fine!  But  . . .  you need your head examined to be a paying customer.
2	Good service, but fast food quality food. For the price you expect a LOT more.
