4	it's a wee place with a couple of tables inside and benches to sit up to around the edge looking out. on dry days, there are plenty of tables outside at which to sit and watch the world go by.  you order at the counter with the friendly staff. the coffee is excellent.
3	I usually attempt to have breakfast at home, but on those rushed mornings Razzo coffee is my saviour. The location is very convenient as I work on St. Andrews Square. My last visit was a couple of weeks ago, and I went for a cappuccino and a fruit scone. The very polite waiter asked if I wanted butter and jam with my scone, of course I did :) Nice breakfast. I have also had a soup and bread for lunch, which was quite satisfying. They have a nice selection of sandwiches and delicious looking cakes. In the summer time this place is always packed and on a sunny day you're lucky to get a table and chair outside.
4	I don't know why I only gave 3 stars on my previous review, but I suppose I had only then discovered the place. The fact is that Razzo deserves 4 stars at least. Razzo has saved me on many occasions. For example this morning, on my way to work I was feeling slightly weary and in desperate need of breakfast. A cappuccino and a bacon bun did the job. The coffee is a lot better than in many other places. They do soups as well, and I noticed that they get them from Union of Genius. On my previous visit, I was really needing a chamomile tea - don't ask me why but this is what I needed. I asked for it, and ta-dah - they had that too and I felt a lot better afterwards/ On a visit before that, I needed a sugar rush. Razzo helped me again - I had an apple and oats flapjack which was the best I have ever had! So good that I spent the next few hours trawling the internet trying to find a similar recipe.. Go to Razzo (and get a loyalty card whilst you're at it) - you won't be disappointed!
5	I'm always impressed by the consistency this place manages to maintain (as someone who has worked as a barista for the last 6 years I can understand how difficult that can be). Never seen them put out a bad coffee, and today when I was in asking about the coffee they use the guy there was very helpful, taking time during a busy lunch to tell me about the different coffees they have available. If you're in the area you simply must check it out, there are so many mediocre places out there that you forget just how good coffee can (and should) be. The panini I had was excellent too.
