3	Recently (they mentioned this was their 3rd day) opened in the shell of Quips Cafe, Cafe Fiesta is now doing its thing... and I'm not sure where the old cafe ends and the party begins... or when it will begin.I never made it into Quips, but you can tell it was here before. Many of the old quotes are still plastered on the walls, the menus are posted on a large quote bubbles that were most likely home to old menu, the tables and chairs look the same... It seems like the space was vacant less than a month, so not a ton of time to do a total revamp, but I'd be surprised to hear they did more than remove the Quips name and put up their new tri-colored sign. The menu is mostly sandwiches - BLTs, cubans, clubs, roasted turkey, tuna and chicken salads, they didn't have the ingredients in for three of the sandwiches (which of course were the most appealing ones) but they should be in soon. A half or a whole could be made on croissant, pretzel, wheat, kaiser, white, a wrap, and a few other options. Then you can add the normal veggies/condiments. There's also a breakfast menu, but I didn't look too hard at it. They also offer salads and soups. For sides they offer fruit salads, sliced mango, yogurt, and chips. They also had a dessert case with pre-sliced pies and cakes. Large selection of fountain and canned sodas, sports drinks, etc. A half of a turkey on wheat (6" sub size) cost me about $4.50.I think if I hadn't gone in expecting something a bit more spanish/mexican influenced I would have been more content with the outcome. (The only hint that this was more than your average sandwich shop was the chili con carne and the mexican tortilla soup on the menu.) I think I'll give them some time to get into the swing of things before I make it back in, but hopefully they can find a way to stand out with einsteins, laurel, and sub station so close.
4	Cafe Fiesta is basically a mom & pop sandwich shop inside of an old Quiznos.  I wouldn't call them organized, efficient, or all that interested in the appearance of their restaurant.  What they are interested in, however, is making a good sandwich and selling it for a reasonable rate.  For a businessman wanting a quick lunch during the week that fills me up and won't break the bank, this place is perfect.I ordered a chicken salad sandwich and a coke - I believe the total was less than $5.  They served it on huge slices of fresh bread with multiple mounds of chicken salad.  In case you are as picky as I am when it comes to chicken/tuna/egg salad, I'll warn you theirs has grapes, maybe cranberries, and nuts of some sort with just the right ratio of mayo to chicken.  I loved it.Only two people behind the counter, so I am told there will often be a line at lunch during the week, but I only experienced one person in front of me.  I guess there is a training salon of some sort nearby (Aveda???), so many students frequent this establishment.Cafe Fiesta is in the rotation.
4	In the mood for a sandwich and at a loss after discovering Laurel Market's closing - I decided it was time to give Cafe Fiesta another shot. Though (as noted by others) they are lacking in speed and efficiency, they do have a few things setting them apart these days.1) their own menu boards: bfast, sandwiches, salads, soups, coffees, iced coffees. and 2) smoothies and juices, a fairly extensive list that can be blended with water, milk, yogurt, or other flavors. 3) blue bell ice cream.4) their "half" sandwich is really a whole. (is a whole double stuffed? double decker? I have no idea)5) the bread of my turkey club was toasted perfectly, my turkey warmed just enough, and my bacon was reheated like it should have been. (sometimes that level of crisp perfection is not the easiest to achieve) still lots of desserts and fresh fruit, and although they had mostly repainted they had left one quip up from the previous tenant. As far as the "fiesta" part goes - their daily specials seems to be one of the few reminders (quesadillas, fajitas), but the women behind the counter were extremely kind and I may be more inclined to return now with all the juice options (including guava, tamarind, mango) - even though it looked like they no longer carried pretzel bread.
5	Cute little wrap & smoothie shop right around the corner from me. It is also my FAVORITE place to walk to in my neighborhood. The wraps are made well with great flavors and the smoothies are excellent and completely natural. The lady who runs the place is a sweetheart and cares about the customer experience.
