4	Best pizza in Lasalle / Verdun!!!  Punto.
5	I heard from a few people that this was one of the best pizza places in Montreal. Obviously, when you hear that, you expect there would be lots of reviews. I got the chance to try this well established, family owned and operated restaurant recently. I will have to say I am still shocked at the lack of reviews. Their small All Dressed Pizza (if not from around Quebec that's pepperoni, green peppers and mushrooms) is a healthy meal for two. ie 2 pieces and your not hungry anymore. The pie has very fresh tasting ingredients, quality cheese, a tasty rich sauce, excellent pepperoni (which adds to the liquid) and some of the best tasting dough in the Montreal style pizza realm. I'll double thumbs up the crust being of reasonable gauge to boot. Some places give you what seems like a dinner roll thickness around edges. A good pizza needs the right blend of component; these guys seem to have that one down pat. Friendly service upon ordering and wishes of thanks on the way out, even for a take out order - that's class. I believe they bake their pizza(s) in a wood fired oven which adds another layer of respect to their craft (not saying great pizza can't be had from a hot-as-hell pizza oven. Frites (fries) and their BBQ sauce (rotisserie style) on the side were a nice addition to the late night dinner. So, who else likes this place? Write some reviews. The two people I heard about this place from can't be alone, since they've been around for decades - I believe I over heard them say, serving for 30 years. Full colour boxes too!
5	Hands down my favourite restaurant in Lasalle.  I rarely eat there. I mostly get delivery which is very fast, they have never made a mistake with my order, phone service is very friendly and the food is never disappointing!  You will have to go back a few times because the chicken pita, cheeseburger (boyfriends fav), chicken platter ( the potatoes are outstanding) and poutine are excellent!  And it is priced right.
5	They make a pretty unique and filling meatball sub, (not full round meatballs - more like crumbled seasoned meat). The cooked fresh mushrooms were requested on the side. They were a nice addition to the tomato based sauce. I love mushrooms. Since there is only a $1 difference between the large 14" and small 10" sub - still sizable (the small comes with fries), make sure you specify the size. The delivery order arrived with the small size plus and extra fry which was a mistake as again the large comes with fries. Upon calling to the owner to let them know they were attentive to the error and seemed to care. Due to this, I have kept the 5 star rating, as this old school establishment deserves the benefit of the doubt. It turns out they opened in 1984, so it's not 30 yet.
5	Grew up (1994) with the same Greek man making Lasalle's (possibly Montreal's) best poutine and pizza. Left Canada and returned in 2009 to find Danis still there with the same man making great fast food!  Their pizza is layered with cut up pepperoni., the sauce and crust is like no other fast food place I've been to. They also must be the place that had (possible stil has) a tomato flavoured sauce for their poutine (Italian style). It tastes awsome.
5	Been going there for over twenty five years. Awesome service and great people. You must try their pizza, best in lasalle and chef salad (choice of dressing : liquid). Delivery is quick and you cannot be diss appointed!
3	This used to be a solid 5-star pizza. Quality of ingredients and pizza in general has slipped of late.
