1	It wasn't the best Sally's I've been to. When I walked in, the cashier said hi, then I went ahead to do my shopping and she followed me everywhere. Way to make a customer feel welcomed? What, are you afraid I'm going to shoplift? Every time i went from one isle to another, she followed, and then pretends like shes just organizing merchandise. Get some cameras or something if you're so concerned with people shoplifting... stalking people down the isle and pretending its just a coincidence is just a way to make costumers feel unwelcome, and trust me... you're gonna lose costumers that way.
1	DO NOT SHOP HERE!  My wife bought hair for my daughter, and the size was not what was indicated on the package.  They refuse to allow a return or even an exchange because they have a no return policy.  We are out over $100.
2	I shop at Sally's quite often but HATE this location.  The employes always look like they would be someplace else and rarely is there more than one cashier working.  My last visit I waited in line for over 10 minutes while one cashier rang while another closed her till and another employee chatted on her cell in the back room loud enough for me to hear.  Go to another location and avoid this one!
2	First off, I love Sally's. They have high quality salon products at affordable prices; this store makes my life a lot more affordable and I'm thankful that there are so many in Vegas.HOWEVER, this one isn't that great. The stock is the same, but the employees aren't as helpful or concerned with your shopping experience. Nobody ever asks to help you find anything in particular, they don't always have available stock out on the shelves, they don't recommend other products you need to use whatever you bought..I came in this day looking for a waxing kit. I've used the microwavable kits, but my sweetie finally agreed to let me wax his chest and so I wanted the good stuff. They had an awesome sale on what I was looking for ($30 for a warmer, all purpose honey wax, and muslin strips!- all Gigi brand), and I also renewed my Sally's card. I had to come in the next day to pick up waxing sticks. I went to pay, gave the cashier my phone number to look up my Sally's card but it didn't take the first time so she just charged my full price. I was a little turned off, but it was only $0.15 so it wasn't anything to get angry about. PROS:Good selectionQuality ProductsCONS:Staff with no customer service skills
1	I usually go to this store every 3 months for hair supplies, I had encounter one of their associates, she's the older lady, I'm not sure if she is white but she's light skinned. Short hair. She had horrible customer service. I brushed it off. Then last night there she is again, I am waiting to be checked out while she is standing there looking at another employee show another customer some merchandise. In my head I'm like should I tell her to check me out, I don't want to sound rude. Then she looks at me and tells me, "do you need help?" I answered "yes I am waiting to be checked out" then she says "that means you haven't been helped therefore the answer would be yes" but she said this in a very sarcastic way. Omg after that I was so upset, I am a customer not your friend daughter etc. you don't talk like that to customers. Then I had a coupon for renewing my membership, I gave her the code, she looked at me and told me "that's not it", I gave it to her again and again the same thing. I told her " I have it right here that is the number" she just acted like she didn't care then another employee comes and shows here what she was doing wrong and she didn't even apologize for acting like I was stupid. Honestly I'm totally disappointed, they won't be seeing me there anymore.
1	I am usually not inspired to write a review about a business unless its positive.  I typically think it's not worth my time to post a negative one.  My recent experience with this particular Sally's was a whole different ballgame.  I am like most people in that I adore excellent customer service and abhor poor service skills. I needed something that I would have gone to another store closer to my husband's job to look for, but I had a few basic questions, was in this area and in a hurry. I phoned ahead to make sure they had what I needed for my sixteen-year-old daughter.Instead, I received a rude associate who answered the phone without any idea about what I was talking about and acted inconvenienced by my call, period.  Subsequently, it caused me to hang-up feeling confused and frustrated.  I ended up finding another AWESOME beauty supply store very close to this Sally's, thank GOODNESS.  I found great customer service there and was helped personally by an owner who understood the meaning of customer appreciation.  I was moved to write the good review for their store and thought, "You know, you should let others know about your negative experience so that they aren't subjected to it."You're welcome. LOL
