5	this chanel is located in the bellagio and it's huge. so huge that it makes one's wallet quiver. there are different sections to house their fine jewlery, make up, bags and bobbles, and their rtw (ready to wear). being the huge chanel fanatic that i am, i HAD to visit their little shop when i was in town. at exactly 10am, when their doors opened, i stepped in to browse...tee (yup, that's her name) was the SA that helped me and helped me she did. i walked away with an itty bitty chanel to add to my collection.one of the best things about chanel shops in vegas are the random chances of finding past season chanel items that did not get sold out like other chanel boutiques in l.a. i assume the chanel customer base in vegas are made mostly of tourists which means a transient clientele that don't always buy everything up like l.a. does. anyways, i was able to find what i was looking for.chanel arm candy is soooooo delicious!
5	This boutique is way better than the Chanel @ The Wynn Hotel. So much selection and its huge! I ended up purchasing my black Chanel from here. I love their merchandise and now im eying on their bracelets.
4	Located in the Bellagio Hotel on the strip. Location where I purchased my first chanel handbag which I absolutely adore and treasure. I don't take it out much but it's tucked away safely in my closet and is seen only on special occasions. A lot of guys have a hard time understanding why girls buy so many different bags and at ridiculously inflated prices. Well for one, its comprable to guys and electronics. In any case, the level of service here was top notch, perhaps it was because i was dropping some serious dough, but regardless the sales person was really infomative, super nice and wasn't pushy to make her monthly quota. The service was over the top and not what I'd expected. I highly recommend going to this location for your next huge purchase.
4	for my 23rd birthday, i came to vegas with high hopes and a fat wallet. i left vegas with a drunken stupor and a thin wallet.i bought my first chanel. i wanted to treat myself to something extravagant and i did just that. after looking around for the perfect bag, i settled for something that was large enough for me to fit m wallet, phone, and whatever else i could get into it. i wanted something classic and not too bold. i like the understated things but to stand out. i bought the caviar grand shopper with gold chain. i would have liked the silver chain but this one was fine. they didn't have this purse on hand but managed to find it in another store and had it sent to my home. now 2 years later, my purse looks as good a new since i like to keep my purses looking pristine. i get compliments on my purse too, which is great. every now and then i get the person who strokes my purse like i'm' a pregnant mother with a child inside my uterus. do those women like people doing that to them? i think not. so please do not stroke my purse. after all, it is JUST a purse.
5	Chanel was the only reason I put my drink down for longer than 14 minutes.  Needed to take a looksie to see what I must have.... pretty much the entire store. I love the Bellagio, I love Vegas and I love Chanel.  Staff was really friendly.
5	By far, one of my favorite Chanel Stores! It has much better selection and inventory than the one in the Wynn Hotel.. I bought my first Chanel bag, the Cambon Reporter Bag, at this store back quite a few years, I believe it was in 2004 and have been a valued customer of theirs ever since. The service was phenomenal, especially because the bag at the time was nearly impossible to attain, but somehow through my powers of persuasion I managed to get them to sell me the bag ahead of everyone else on the waiting list. Woohoo! I still have this bag and it still turns heads everytime I use it! But this store has a GREAT staff and I will continue to shop here everytime I am in Vegas!
5	i love the chanel at bellagio.my sales person here is freakin great and takes care of me to the fullest. whatever i need she gets it for me, even if she has to call the damn chanel in new york on madison avenue to get it!!!!!!!they have a really good selection here, i think better than the one at the wynn... i've had multiple purchases here and never been disapointed!!!!sometimes they have stuff that goes on sale too... chanel sale? bet you never heard of that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I heart the customer service at Chanel. I always get a hand written thank you card and I am a sucker for exceptional customer service :-) I went to the store on this day as I was looking for some new blush but I walked out with not only new blush but also a compact powder (THE BEST!) moisturizer, lip gloss and some really cool samples! I love the make up here, it lasts long and for a high end boutique the prices are the same if not much more than your average Estee Lauder or Lancome. My sales lady was very nice and knowledgeable and when I need to re-order I will definitely contact her. Her name is Rochelle Simmler and she is awesome! So if you are ever in Vegas at the Bellagio for some shopping ask for her there :-) I am reserving giving 5 stars for now until I place an order with her again and see if that goes just as great as the first time.
5	I absolutely LOVE Chanel, however my pocket book may not always agree it's a good idea.  Anyway, the sales people are really friendly here and not at all pushy.  They have a great selection, much more than at the Wynn or Encore.  I've gotten make up, sunglasses, perfume, wallet/bag, earrings, cellphone charms from this store.  I think the fact that the sales people are so friendly makes me want to shop here more than at other Chanel boutiques.  PLUS, a really nice sales person from the Ala Moana store in Oahu remembered me from a couple of years ago...now that's what I call customer service.  She's on the top of my list for sure when I want to get anything Chanel.
1	I love Chanel but this 1 star is for the old lady with an accent. Probably European? I came in trying to buy a black jumbo bag and  she was extremely rude. Probably judging me and my bf because we were dressed down. She said "It is sold out in all of USA" i said "okay can you check your computer to see if anyone has it"she checked and said no one has it. Then she brings out a burgundy one.. uhh no thanks.Then she brings out another a limited edition one and says, " do you know this bag? its very popular.. actually you probably don't know what bag this is" and puts it back. seriously bitch? I left upset cause she gave me the worst service ever in Chanel and sad cause I really thought that it was sold out everywhere. The next day I went to Wynn's Chanel and they had my bag and told me that SF (where i am from) had a few in stock. Which proves to me that she was a lying bitch. I hope you got fired!
2	So I was looking for a jumbo and the sales associates are not helpful at all! There was a blond girl associate that was on a personal phone call and she just looked at me and not acknowledge I needed help.  So instead I bought from the Wynn boutique! I would never buy from belagio Chanel
3	Small boutique, decent selection. The same goes for the customer service. Limited and just decent.Walked into the store around noon last week, wasn't greeted nor even smiled at for about 4-5 minutes. After one of the salespeople finally looked us over and checking out my moms Maxi Flap, he then pranced his way over and asked us how we were doing... And pretending to care. All in all, you receive better service elsewhere, especially from larger stores with better selections. Like everyone says, go to the Chanel at Wynn.Nothing compares to the customer service at Nordstrom!
4	Caution: Do not go inside if you're weak and a shopaholic...because it's basically bagporn in there.So I've been searching for the Sevruga Wallet on a Chain in black for like forever. I've reached out to my SA at Saks in NYC like a bazillion times with no luck. Basically I gave up on my search...until fate brought me to this Chanel.Valerie G. and I have been on a shopping ban since late October because we realized we've spent approx the amount of a down payment on a house this year and it really isn't okay. While walking down the strip I was just telling my friend Regina how good I've been since my ban and how I was so proud of myself....then we see the Chanel store and went inside just to window shop....and saw the WOC I wanted!!I literally HAD to buy it. It has been sold out in all the Chanel stores in NYC since it came out and I was so excited to see it staring right at me! They only had the silver version in the store, but the SA helped me find one in black and ship it to me so I wouldn't have to pay tax! Can't WAIT for that package to be delivered!Good service, good selection (especially if you're from NYC)...but bad for my shopping ban and wallet (two Chanel bags in one year..eeps).
5	Yeah, I'm a dude, but I know my fair share of brands, even when it comes to purses.  You can thank my Filipino Mom and Aunties for not cutting themselves short by settling for the knock offs and instead dragging my ass, kicking and screaming to the real stores but the end result of me getting a toy or Happy Meal.  This has been going on for 25+ years and still happens to this day, less the Happy Meal...darn!Anyhow, I was with the cousin during a recent visit and she was set on getting a Chanel purse.  She said that the staff at the stores up in the Bay Area are so snobby, which I will agree.  Little do they know that my little cousin makes just under $200k a year, so proud of her!  We walked in and I am so sorry that I forgot her name but, were were immediately greeted but one of the sales associates, I believe she was Chinese.  She was definitely not either of the two Filipino women associates, who must've been from the Bay because they both looked us up and down as we walked in.  Our associate was very helpful and didn't hound over us or pressure us at all.  She insured that we had a pleasant shopping experience, which we did.  In the end, the cousin ended up with a purse worth more than two of my paychecks but, probably change in the ashtray for the cousin. ;)
1	This overly pretentious store is quite off-putting to all but the most tolerant of individuals.  I visited Chanel Las Vegas (Bellagio location) during my Vegas trip last week and the staff was so snooty it was pathetic.  When I finally grabbed someone's attention to try out some of their fragrances, they just pointed me to the usual crap like Allure Homme and Bleu de Chanel and left me on my own.  Finally when I said I was not interested in those scents and wanted to sample the Exclusifs line, only then did they get someone to help me.  Help is a loose term, because I had to wait for about 10 minutes before the sales rep came.  When she did come, she was of no help whatsoever.  She did not give me any info on the various scents, but rather just sprayed my arm with 6 shots of a couple different scents... *Way* too much!  In any case, she pretty much sent me on my way without even giving me her card or even a first name.  I left and never came back.  Too bad, because Sycomore really is a great scent!  I ended up buying a different men's fragrance from Barney's New York at the Palazzo where the men's rep Joe gave me excellent service.  Sometimes a bit less pretension and some honest to goodness knowledge and caring goes a long way.  Avoid Chanel at the Bellagio unless you like dealing with snobs.
5	Ahh Kimi, Such a gem of a sales person. So bonkers too. Also had a Whitney Houston-esque lady co-serve me too. The boutique looks waaaaay hotter than on my last visit. It's now bigger, mirrors the modern one at the Wynn and has tweed sofa's with posh computer screens attached. Got 'gold fingers' ltd edition nail varnish as was inspired by the stores new look. Love it. Brought a gorg new gold cc necklace here with lots of sparkle. Massive treat to self for bday. Staff, particularly Kimi were amazing. She dressed up it's little box with the signature flower and lots of ribbon. And I got some water while i waited. Happy me. Though one day that Lavender bag will be mine. Mark my words.
5	Some things don't stay in Vegas, like wallets one acquires while drunkenly shopping at CHANEL.  My good friend and I did a weekend Vegas bender trip to watch Phantom of the Opera and obviously drink.  Heavily.  Whilst sluggishly walking the Strip we decided it would be a good idea to hit up CHANEL for some much needed retail therapy.  While my friend was being seduced by quilted leather, and black leather/hot pink leather combo clutches, I strolled around the interior, sneaking in swigs of a cocktail discretely hidden inside a Gatorade bottle.  Looking around, I noticed some VERY nice card cases.  Now, for a while, I was bemoaning my lack of an appropriate wallet, or just wanting a new one, and another friend gave me a metal card case that fit the bill nicely.  UNTIL, out of nowhere, Riko, the best saleswoman ever, starts to woo me with this amazing card case with a subtle interlocking 'CC' stamp embossed on the front.  SOLD - DONE - BOUGHTSee, so there's always those drunk mistakes, but this was a good one.  Well, it was hardly a mistake.
5	If you ever have questions about skincare or want to try some new makeup Kelly is the one to see!! She is always fun and will show you whatever you want! She has excellent makeup artistry skills and I am going to have her do my makeup for my wedding this year!! Whenever I travel to Las Vegas I visit Kelly and you should too  :)
4	zach: do you want to go into chanel?sober nicki: noooo way.-cut to four cocktails later-tipsy nicki: let's go to chanel.long story short:  i bought a new bag and now my future children can't go to college. but in all seriousness, this is a really nice boutique located within the bellagio with all the chanel gear your heart could ever want.  the sales person who helped me was very friendly (no snobby 'tude at all) and didn't pressure me into buying anything or make me feel rushed.  if you're into high end nonsense like i occasionally am, this is a fantastic store to check out.
5	Went shopping at the Chanel boutique and was assisted by Kelly. She was amazing and made my shopping experience wonderful!! Thank you for your excellent service!!
1	So very bad service! There were no 'hallo' or 'can I help you?' even though several of the saleswomen had absolutely nothing to do. When I finally got contact to one of the girls, she responded quickly and then turned her attention to a customer looking at more expensive things than I did. I kind of felt discriminated... Maybe I don't wear expensive clothes and have an expensive bag, but they can at least treat their customers the same. I will never be shopping at that Chanel store again...
5	In the purse and clothing department, ask for Jamie. In the shoe department, ask for Benjamin. Best, smartest, hard working sales people to help and go above and beyond. No attitude whatsoever. Haven't been graced with sales people like this at a high end store in a while. I was extremely pleasantly surprised at the amazing service at the Chanel in Bellagio. Now, the polar opposite, do NOT go to the location at Wynn. Slowest, worst attitude and horrible customer service from the sales woman AND the manager. SO disappointing. I have very low standards for high end stores and expect to be treated like crap unless I dress up a little (sad, but mostly true) but this was pretty bad.I'm still pissed so here's my long story short attempt, only if you want the nitty gritty details:Went crazy shopping with my mother, one purse was not available brand new in the colour she wanted at Bellagio's Chanel. Jamie called the location at Wynn, they said they put the last one aside. Got to Chanel at Wynn at 8pm after more shopping and food to make sure they had enough time to get it ready. Got ignored by everyone, grabbed on to the first unlucky lady to pass us by (some older lady with an accent and bad attitude until my mother started losing it), asked for our bag, she took 20 minutes to come back and say they were still looking. We called the Chanel store back at Bellagio to see if Jamie could help sort things out but she was gone for the day. Luckily, Benjamin picked up the phone and remembered us and said he would see what he could do on their end to help. Finally, the manager came to us and said there was a mistake. They only had black available and THE MANAGER told us NO OTHER LOCATION had a grey version available and that it was simply a, "human error." Extremely annoyed by the useless trip made out to Wynn solely for the purse, my mother asked for a refund. The manager just said, "thank you," and ran away after the transaction was completed.Got a call from Benjamin after leaving the store and getting a full refund. He asked if the Chanel at Wynn checked for the grey purse at another location and we told him what they told us - there were none available ANYWHERE else. He asked for the style number so he could help us double check. Guess what!? ENCORE at Wynn had the last one! Look up how close the two Chanel stores are at Wynn and Encore!!How does the MANAGER at the Wynn location COMPLETELY miss the bag we were looking for in the same building!? Amazing man that he is, Benjamin put the bag on hold for us and told us it would be waiting as soon as we got there. Let me remind you, the man works in the shoe department. He didn't HAVE to jump into this problem but he did the job that the people at Wynn's Chanel SHOULD HAVE done but were too lazy or ignorant to. They probably just wanted us gone before my mother went nuclear.Went to the Chanel at Encore, took a look at the bag to make sure there were no scratches because the girl helping us had very nice, but very sharp and long fingernails. Bag was good, we paid AGAIN and finally got the purse a full hour after we got to Wynn. We should've been in and out in 10 minutes, 15 tops because everything was paid for but no, I repeat, a FULL HOUR later we finally had what we went for and left.After getting back to Caesars so we could pack for our early flight in the morning, we got a surprise call from Jamie. No idea how she heard about what happened but she was apologizing profusely for the mix up - not like it was her fault. Funny, she was apologizing for the people that should've been apologizing in the first place. She couldn't believe the mix up and the fact that it could've been so easily and quickly fixed had the Wynn at Chanel checked PROPERLY and brought the bag over from the Encore location.The end.Point is, go to Bellagio's Chanel and make sure if you have to venture to another location, they have the RIGHT item waiting for you.BIG thank you to Benjamin and thank you for the follow up call from Jamie.
4	Was looking for WOC's and the sales person was really friendly to my surprise. I would def come back here if they have stock.  Better lucky next time for me.
