5	This has to be the friendliest dive bar I've ever entered.The husband HATES Karaoke, and we still had fun here.  We saw no drama, no show-offs, no meanness, just a bunch of people on a Saturday night having a good time.The people here were absolutely gracious and friendly.  I felt completely welcomed and encouraged to have the best time possible during my visit.  I almost never sing Karaoke, because I'm bad, but I sang two songs and received a ton of applause after both songs.  If you're a singing god/goddess, come and have fun, but this isn't a talent showcase.  The patrons were dancing to the songs and having a good time regardless of the ability of the singer.And, I was patiently waiting to use the ladies room when a gentleman asked if I would feel comfortable using the men's room because it was open.  I told him I wouldn't mind if I could lock the door or have someone stand outside to prevent someone from walking in.  He stayed outside and waited for me to finish.  SO NICE!I will be back to this bar.
5	oh phil's, you're my favorite place. after an evening of expensive, weak drinks and george and dragon my friends and i made our way over to phil's where we were welcomed by every single person there. we also had to order 4 drinks to meet the $10 card requirement. it was fabulous.
4	I'm too late! I just found out that the soul food restaurant inside of Phil's (yeah I know..sounds unlikely) has closed!For about six months Bumblebee Soul Food Company was serving fried chicken, catfish, smothered pork chops etc.....and it was great.Christian, the (ex) owner of Bumble Bee is related to Mrs. White of Mrs. White's Golden Rule Cafe. Between Christian's Bumble Bee, Larry White's Lolos, and the Golden Rule Cafe,  this is the royal family of Phoenix soul food. If one of them had a pet that opened a soul food restaurant in Phoenix I would have high expectations upon entering. Back to Phil's. Phil's is the closest bar to my house and I wind up there for happy hour a few times a month. I agree with the other reviewers that it is a great little dive bar with friendly regulars. The only drawback to Phil's is the lack of dive bar beers like PBR and Schlitz.
5	this is our favorite bar in phoenix, we usually come a few times  a week. the bartenders are all awesome and they mix our drinks awesomely strong. also, the drinks are totally cheap. also, the karaoke on friday and saturday usually rules.AND they finally got darts and a pinball machine back, so that's awesome. except, the pinball machine they have is the simpsons, which is super hard to get free games on. they should get addams family or twilight zone. as far as dive bars go, you can't really top this place: divey, cheap, strong drinks, video crack, pool, darts, pinball, jukebox, karaoke, nice people.
4	I read the reviews below and was like ehh maybe I'll stop by.. It was really the friendliest dive. Me and my girl had a great time.
4	I realize that at the time of writing this I'm still relatively new to this whole Yelp thing.  So the question I ask myself when writing this review is do I rate Philthy Phil's based on their ability as a dive bar or their ability to meet the standards of a fine upstanding establishment with all the qualities one would expect?Yes. Dive bar. =)As dive bars go Philthy Phil's accomplishes to both break the status quo and exemplify the title.  How they break the mold: Incredibly friendly staff and regulars. I've never felt so welcome in a dive bar in my life.  From the friendly and attractive ladies behind the bar to the man running the show in his ten gallon hat, I was made to feel right at home. "Three visits and you're a regular!" I was told. Karaoke! There is something cozy about listening to the dregs of humanity belt out the classics.  The crowd at Phil's delivered.I would have liked to see some more beer options. But right now this is my only complaint.  Also i hear there is a food menu on its way.All in all Philthy Phil's is a haven from the rat race.
5	Let me tell you something!There is nothing filthy about Phil. He is one of the greatest guys on the planet. Get drunk and leave your Harley outside, Phil will take care of it for you.The drinks are cheap and strong, the lady bartenders are hot, there are  great signs everywhere and the fucked up clock helps to keep you there. You can see panties with balls hanging from the ceiling and hear never ending stories from the regulars. My favorite part is the list of people who have been 86'd. That's right, caused such a ruckus they are NEVER EVER allowed back in. No I am not on that list (yet).
5	I love this place.  Super awesome dive bar.  With karaoke!
3	I was a little scared...They had no karaoke.The crowd was 10 regulars and one was picking scabs off her face...ni lie. I don't know that I would ever go back or recommend this place, but I am still giving it 3 stars because I am scared...still.
3	On a dive bar tour in search of Karaoke on a Friday night....they DON'T have it!  But they do have a rather shady place that I would probably never go in on my own......After 10 minutes here (we waited for Chris to finish his beer)...we rolled down the road...
1	This is the devils playground, dont go! For real.Dont serve $1.50 PBR to the kind of peps that go to Philthy Phils. I saw 2 bar fights (same people, two separte fights,) before the music even started. I love a good dive bar..i am no snob.This is the devils playground.
2	i go pass the place daily almost since I live along the route. Place always seems empty. So when people gather there is beyond me.  And how it got the 2010 New Times vote for an empty bar but the number one bartender is even a bigger mystery.  True many of the bartenders in the area don't know shit about mixing drinks and were only hired as eye candy but how does an empty bar get this ranking?
4	One of my fave dives!Just keep in mind before you head in...CASH ONLY!The crowd is easy going and everyone who works there is super nice. On Friday nights, they have DJ's, which is always fun! A small dance area and light effects and CHEAP DRINKS! I mean really you can't go wrong.And this is one of 3 bars I know that actually carry my Whipped Cream Vodka! If dancing isn't really your thing they have another side you can go shoot a lil pool at as well.Last but not least, if you're looking for a quick bite after the bar lets everyone out, they generally have chili dogs or tamales to purchase outside. So keep that in mind as well!
4	This, my friends, is pretty close to the real deal. It's a dive.Honestly, if you are looking for a nice place that just seems "dive-y", check out Shady's. This is no place to take a lady. But that's what I love about it. Here, there's a sense of what we used to call "communitas" back in college. It's a sense that boundaries of the normal world don't matter, and everyone can be themselves with impunity.  And can re-create themselves into something new and different.And boy, do some people get into that.Anyway, I've seen people in here who looked like they had nothing to lose and somewhat acted the part. I've also seen people who reminded me that true wealth lies elsewhere than in a lease on a new BMW. Happy, secure people who knew themselves and were just living life one SSI check at a time.And I've also seen women I was sure were streetwalkers do really good karaoke renditions of Eurythmics songs.So know what you are getting into, then go (minus attitude) and enjoy.
