4	Was here for a dance convention over the 4th of July weekend.  So you say, what the heck are you doing in Phoenix, Arizona in July...well, that is how we can afford a 4 star hotel, $300 a night casita for $95 a night.  Love the casitas, have a microwave and fridge in the room, AC works great and plenty of room to entertain friends, we would have 3-6 people visit us and there was still plenty of space, our room was the gossip salon.The spa was nice and of course pricey and Sprouts the restuarant was healthy but good, I had the fruit platter with blueberries, black berries, raspberries, pineapple, cantaloupe, honeydew, grapes and a cored out apple with strawberry yogurt.  Also ordered the hummus with freshly made crackers.  One friend had the chicken ceasar salad with a side of crab cakes, yummy and another friend had the squash soup, loved it, not too much cumin. http://www.yelp.com/biz_share?bizid=655WnFHtnVeC1jj3wsREVA&reviewid=UU2xycKXKeJ6vMJufota3A&flow=reviewpost&fsid=nrFs3kbHpZ4ExtIHIDwtdgHad the dinner buffet Sunday night at the Navajo, I thought reasonable at $30 for the Camelback, the braised sea scallops were done well, loved of all things, the macaroni and cheese, prime rib was rare, like I liked it and the desserts covered 4 tables, everything was fingerling sized and my fave was the creme brulee with carmelized sugar.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/6Jgdmj0PBt2ZwqOPmIf0XQ?hrid=jcZ1h-V8EVMWCONw5ij66QThere are three swimming pools, the Jackrabbit is the largest but during the heat of the day, the water was too warm, I would go in at 3am at night and it was perfect. Tons of pool floaties to use and even clean towels at 3am.Little cry outs Jutney boys/bellmen would take forever to pick you upto drive you around the property, you need it since the heat breaks the 100's and the property is spread out across quite a bit of acreage, walking outside with no shade...not attractive arriving at the ballroom to compete with sweatstains under your arms and sweat dripping down your face and your hair frizzed out.Official check in time is at 4pm, I arrived at 12 noon and they wouldn't let me check in early and said they would call me on my cell when my room was ready, I had to call them.You need a car, there is no grocery store or other eateries within walking distance other then the onsite restuarants.Next year will be staying at the Biltmore, AZ.  The pools are amazing, 5 and some are interconnected with a 95 ft waterslide.  The girls and I are going to rent a cabana over the weekend, at $400 a day, we are going to live in it and run the cabana boys....ragged!  Will report next year on the Biltmore.
4	Well, it is actually on Mummy Mountain, not Camelback, just a minor clarification . . . And the desert landscaping is beautiful.  I love that the resort management realizes that AZ is indeed a desert and has landscaped accordingly!Anyway - I grew up down the street from this place, and I consider it a relaxing daytime getaway.  My mom and I spent the day here today, and I am oh so relaxed - and I feel spoiled, but in a good way.Definitely get to the spa early and work out in the gym - it is a nice gym, and you won't feel so guilty for being pampered later.  Remember your bathing suit!  They have a great pool area to relax in, and I somehow manage to forget my bathing suit 70% of the time.Everyone here offers you water - drink it!  Not only are you in the desert, but massages can be intense for your body, seriously, drink extra water.Try the signature facial - it is pricey ($145) but you get a facial PLUS a hot stone massage for your arms and legs while the goop on your face is sinking in - so it is a facial and a massage in one.  It is by far my favorite treatment here - I think I caught myself snoring at one point.  Plus, my skin looks *amazing* - all dewy and pretty.The hot stone body massage is also fantastic - the full version of the hot stone treatment.  Pure bliss, again, I always fall asleep for this one.  Warm, smooth river stones just about everywhere?  Sign me up!I had the Swedish massage today - I needed it because my shoulders and back have been sore lately, so I really enjoyed it.  My mom much preferred her hot stone treatment, and says she will not get another Swedish massage.  All in all, if you have some deep muscle issues, go Swedish, otherwise, go hot stone.We also had manicures and pedicures - fantastic!  My feet are so pretty!Beware, the cafe closes at 3 pm, so if your treatment is ending after that, you will be grouchy and hungry (ahem, like me).  Try some of the tasty spa food before 3 pm - you will be glad!Is it expensive?  Absolutely.  Is it worth it?  If you are someone who enjoys being pampered and feeling like royalty for a day, absolutely.And boys, if you have a lady in your life, put down the blender/coffee maker/vacuum cleaner you were planning on getting her for a gift and splurge on a spa day gift certificate.  She will definitely give you the benefit of her newly discovered massage techniques later on!Minus one star for the giant disappointment of no food after 3pm without any sort of warning.
5	My rating is more for the spa than the actual hotel.  Don't get me wrong, the hotel is great (especially since they updated), but the spa is just out of this world.  I live in MN now and there is just nothing that compares to the Camelback Spa anywhere up here (or anywhere else I've been).I've been to spas with my wife in Cabo and Laguna Niguel (Ritz) and neither compared to the opulence of this place.  It is a true, all encompassing retreat.  If you don't leave here relaxed there is something really wrong with you! :-)
4	I have been to the spa on multiple occasions and have to say I think its my favorite in phx area. I was just back again for a facial - I tried the perricone's antiaging facial this time and it was to die for! so relaxing, and I definitely had a glow. Try to go when you can stay and enjoy the amenities, as the whole set up is super nice. They did a renovation a couple of years ago, which it really needed, and it's a great get away. I haven't stayed at the resort, but would hit the spa anytime!
3	The location, nestled between Mummy Mountain and Camelback Mountain, is exceptional, especially for a getaway.  The property itself, rooms and facilities, are upscale but dated.  The rooms are large and feature nice ammenities.  The restaurants were so-so, the food was average and sometimes the service was hit-and-miss.
4	any hotel that has a pool & a lazy river with a jamaican employee handling the inner tubes is top notch. the morning sunday brunch had an omelette station, plenty of fruit & great chicken & jalepeno sausages. the staff was beyond friendly from the valet to the bell boys. the kitchen staff makes some of the best food around- including their indian food & desserts (i wanted to make love to their mini chocolate cakes). it is a very gorgeous location & piece of property with great pillows & couches that help relax after a long wedding.
5	Not that I am in a position to treat myself to the Spa here at the moment (or ever, really) but as I am sort of from the Phoenix area (I did graduate H.S. there after all) I do know a thing or two about the town. And let me tell you..this is the BEST spa experience I've ever had.  Beautiful setting, totally serene environment..completely professional staff.  Boy do I wish I were there right this very second...
5	Everyone knows the spa is great, but what about the pool?I'm a bit biased because I don't technically have to crash this pool, I have a key.  My family has a home right next to the resort, so I've had the ability to use their pool since I was born.Personally, I think it's worth it to spring for a spa treatment while your there and take advantage of the adults only pool.  Otherwise, the pools are not much to look at.  The Jackrabbit Pool attracts more kids and poolside service ends at 8pm (sometimes 4pm in the summer), but I believe the pool itself is open 24 hours.  The other pool, the Garden Pool, usually has less kids and also has poolside service. Basically, this is a valley establishment and that is why I like it.  There are probably more exciting pools to crash, but this is an old standby.  Also, it is currently undergoing renovations.Update:  I guess you don't need a key anymore- so, feel free to walk in like you own the place:)
4	I think inside is beautiful....under construction so really no grand lobby to escape to...the casista's kinda annoyed me...it was hot so aside from the pool...you go to your room or the pool....we ate mostly poolside and room service for breakfast....ahhhh....wonderful food...wonderful drinks...I can't quite pinpoint what exactly disappointed me...I was not happy with my spa treatment...but my  friend  really enjoyed hers.
5	My first trip to the Camelback Inn Spa was a few years ago, but the wonderful experience I had has stayed with me and made me dream of the day when I can go back.  (Soon, I keep telling myself, soon!)It was my first time EVER to a spa. So, yes, I was a spa virgin. And, let's not kid ourselves, I was kind of nervous. (Who wouldn't be on their first time?!)  I didn't know what to expect.  Was I suppose to take off all my clothes and have complete strangers see me naked? Yikes! But of course, they're professionals. I was just unsure of the protocol. Not to worry. I went with the flow. Something I usually have a hard time doing. But, hey, it was a spa. I was suppose to be relaxing, right? What made the experience so great were the people. Everyone was very kind, not snooty, as can be the case in some places in the greater Phoenix area (I won't name names). The place was clean, calming and comfortable -- what I like to call the three C's of a great spa experience.The spa treatment I selected was the Aromatherapy Tea Wrap. It was divine! The aesthetician starts by applying a green tea serum all over your body, and then she wraps you up in warm sheets steamed in fresh herbs. For about thirty minutes your as snug as a bug in a rug. You also get a nice scalp massage followed by a cooling cucumber mask.  After I was unmummified, she slathered a luxurious green tea lotion all over me and sent me off to bask in the glow of my first spa experience. And let me tell you, I felt like I was in heaven! I was the most relaxed I have ever been in my entire life! The overall experience was magical, to say the least. This place was able to take a tense, slightly neurotic, workaholic and turn her into a ultra-relaxed, go-with-the-flow, euphoric-feeling spa girl. I'll be back, I promise!
4	This is an in-between 3 star and 4 star rating so I'll tell you...Why 4?Location, location, location.  I could be in a little hut anywhere near Camelback Mountain and feel relaxed and peaceful!  Rooms were impeccable, bedding some of the best I have seen and felt, great downturn service (bedroom slippers, chocolates, soft light, soft music playing and of course the bed down turned).  The whole place is constructed with that great solid brick, therefore you don't hear your neighbors.  Lobby was very warm and inviting (very impressive considering they are going through renovations and had to relocate lobby...can't wait to see what the permanent one is going to be like).  Frozen grapes served by pool concierge while laying out... really hit the spot.  Filtered H20 with fresh lemon slices at your disposal.  AND...they allow you to take your drink into the pool with you, very cool.Why 3?When you are really looking forward to eggs benedict in the morning (especially after a night out on the town), and you get them and the yolk is completely SOLID in the center, well...let's just say the great music that was playing in the background of my brain since I arrived  came to a screeching halt, like a needle over an LP (ok, ok, I'm showing my age...).  My husband's Marriott burger was good though and the food was served fairly fast considering it was room service.  Also, the pool is very small and they don't have enough floaters for everyone.  Kind of a first come first serve thing.  I am anxious to see what is done after their renovations and can't wait to go back which is why I'm giving it a 4 star rating even though there were some disappointments.ps.. there is no lazy river here at this hotel...never had, never will...other reviewer must be talking about JW DESERT RIDGE...hello..
4	I love going to the spa   at Camelback.  This is one of the most relaxing , tranquil, rejuvenating things I can do for myself.  Each time I am there it feels like Bliss. I try not to think , plan, worry or listen to anything. I enjoy the view at the pool and let my cares float away. This visit was  just as good and the massage was fabulous.  My friend 's facial was divine.  I find the professional manner so calming when I  am there. The staff treats you like you are their only concern. Everything in the spa seems well thought out and planned.  You have the benefit of the saunas, Jacuzzis both indoor and out, pool, restaurant, weight room and exercise classes. I literally spend my whole day there.
4	My sisters and I went to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area just to relax and have spa services.  We chose to have facials at the Camelback Inn Spa because they had lots of choices for these services.  Everyone at the spa was very friendly and helpful.  The facials were relaxing and our skin glowed afterward.  However, at this spa, the actual facial was the tip of the iceberg.  It really is about the whole experience.  We loved the cold tea and water, we loved the lounge, and the solarium.  We went in the steam room, not our favorite part, but it felt very therapeutic.  We didn't feel like we needed to hit the sauna, what with the 108 degrees outside.  The pool and the restaurant was absolutely the best part.  I loved the mini-fountains in the pool.  Our poolside server (Stephanie, I think maybe) was patient and friendly and extremely helpful.  My sister left her ipod by the pool, but we were able to call about an hour later and she got it back!The main reason this spa doesn't get 5 stars is because of the robes and slippers.  The robes were not very luxurious, felt a little threadbare, and were pretty plain.  And the spa shoes were supposed to be massage-y, but our feet actually kinda hurt afterward.Overall, definitely worth a visit!  If I ever have reason to be in the area again, I will go to this spa.
5	Just spent Labor Day weekend with my mom at the Camelback Inn, and we absolutely loved it.  We seriously got the deal of the century.  A spa treatment for each of us each day, as well as a very lovely buffet breakfast, were included in our room rate.  We calculated that by the time we would have paid for the spa treatments and the breakfasts, they were basically paying us to stay in the room.Besides the good deal, our stay was just perfect.  The staff is incredibly attentive and respectful, and the spa was completely divine.  Even the fitness room was the best I've ever seen in a hotel.Overall, this was an experience not to be missed, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.
5	Many years ago when we were remodeling one of of our homes we stayed at the Camelback Inn for two months. It was a great place then, nice room with a very private large patio and small kitchen set way back in the resort. I loved it.They have remodeled this resort recently so we decided to go take a look. They were nice enough to take us on a tour and show us a variety of rooms/suites. It has been done very well and geared to complete sensory pleasure. I will be reserving a room here next time my sister is in town just to get a more complete feel for the property. But so far, very nice employees and fantastic grounds.
4	OK, so my cousin is the drummer for the band Pheed and they play here a few nights a week,  so I have been there to watch them play, I also have had a few business meeting here. The atmosphere is amazing with outdoor fire pit to cozy up to with some cold drinks, and the service is impeccable, the food is decent, and even though everything is quite pricey I think it is worth the trip, I wouldn't expect anything less form a top notch resort. They have a Starbucks right there so if you need the caffeine you got it on hand. They have valet, and the ambiance is very good, kind of rugged. Very nice.
4	The Camelback Inn resort is amazzing! However there spa is not worth all the talk!Our stay at this resort was phenomenal, but our few spa visits were completely the opposite. My girlfriend and I planned the perfect spa weekend and unfortunately the women who took our reservation some how complete messed up our perfect plans, we scheduled appointments from manis.pedis, to masssages,ect... and got to our appointments finding out that half of the stuff we requested she had never booked for us. after complaining we finally got all our services done but separately and and I felt very rushed. I spent 95 dollars on a mani and pedi and 2days after  I had already had 4 nails chip. The spa was very unapologetic and I felt they did not handle the situation that well. I will def visit camelback inn again but not the spa!
5	I love what Marriott does...camelback was great.  Bed was comfy, room was huge, amenities are great.  Did not do the entire spa thing, so cannot comment on that...would love to be able to stay here again.  Liked the little adobe style of the rooms and the campus / grounds type arrangements.  After reading the reviews I understand why I did not feel comfortable with the pool as the night I went out to use it I also encountered some dude with a tripod and no one else but a guy floating in the lanes.   They were probably sneak ins too.  Needless to say I did not feel comfortable swimming.
5	We visited the Camelback Inn for my recent birthday. I think we made an excellent choice. This resort is so amazing, I loved the beauty of the resort and the amazing fountain in the arrival courtyard. After we checked in, we were lead to our Casita by a very charming man in a golf cart. Wouldn't you know, it just so happened that he had visited Pittsburgh recently (our home) and it was great hearing about his visit there. Our room was amazing. Our king room was huge, our balcony had a great view of Camelback mountain, plus we were next to the pool and the spa was nearby. The furnishings was beautiful, loved the southwest inspired design. Plus, the bed and linens are super comfy. Everything here is first rate. The grounds here as so beautiful. We had traveled here from the dread of winter. Wow, the weather here was perfect. There are beautiful statues on the grounds, nice water features, beautiful plantings. Also, the grounds are very romantically lit in the evenings. We also loved the ambiance of the outdoor fire pits. My bff spent an afternoon at the golf course. He really enjoyed it, although he said it wasn't one of the best courses he ever played. But it was great playing golf in the February. I visited the spa. I was very surprised how busy they were. The spa is very nice and relaxing. I didn't like that they didn't offer any privacy for changing, I glimpsed more T & A than I ever want to see again. But the robes were very nice and the spa slippers were very comfy. They kinda of had built in bumps to massage your feet as you walk. I loved them. I had the native hot stone massage. It was very, very relaxing. I also had the best facial ever. I had the Dr. Perricone Anti-aging Facial. Desiree, my aesthetician, was amazing. She totally revived my dry and flaky skin and literally made my face feel brand new. And the treatment was so relaxing, I dosed off more than once. She also gave me a relaxing leg, foot, arm and shoulder massage. My body really enjoyed the special treatment. My skin felt completely hydrated. What a great experience. Didn't try Sprouts, the spa restaurant. But we did dine at Rita's and B.L.T. My one regret is that we couldn't stay longer at the Camelback Inn. It's such a wonderful place.
5	This is my favorite spa in the world! Hopefully, I'll make it to others...but if I could only get to the Camelback Inn, I'd be in heaven. Here's the rundown of how I enjoy the place: Early morning appointment for massage - Rose does fantastic hot stone - I like her the best. Then I shower and get into the eucalyptus steam room. Next I head out to the pool and savor the view of Camelback Mountain and the amazing desert landscaping they've procured. I drink some water and as I lounge there, I order a small, healthy and very tasty meal (usually breakfast). I swim a little, lounge a lot - regardless of the time of year.  If I have planned it, I then head back into the showers and clean up for my next treatment. I spend hours there and if I feel like I might be pressed for time, I reschedule.
4	This place is beautiful!!! I recently traveled here for a cousins wedding and my immediate reaction was: I'm moving here! The suite was spacious and comfortable with a lovely little porch. The grounds were immaculate and the pools sparkling. The view of the mountains was breathtaking. The staff were fantastic. Funny, friendly and helpful. Yes, I know that's their job, but they did it well. I got to know the staff well almost immediately by having to call the front desk 3 times upon arriving. No, I'm not high maintenance! There was a light bulb out and I got locked out of the mini bar. Don't ask... Now, I've heard a lot about "the spa" and how wonderful it is. So I thought I'd call to schedule a mani/pedi. I was able to call the evening before to get in the next morning. The next day, when breakfast was taking longer than expected, the staff was more than accommodating to bump my appointment a little bit later. As for the actual mani/pedi, meh, I've had better. Shocking, I know from such an acclaimed spa, but it really wasn't all that great. The woman talked WAY too much, not making it very relaxing. Now, those of you who've read my previous review for a mani/pedi know I don't like a lot of talking. Don't get me wrong, I like a little chatter, but seriously? This woman did not shut up. Anyway, I just smiled and chatted back. Overall, she did an ok job. I just got back to Chicago yesterday and my manicure is already chipping. Not good for an $80 service. Oh, yeah, did I mention it cost $80 for a manicure/pedicure? Again, don't get me wrong, I understand it's going to cost more at an upscale spa, but come on; $96 after tip. Where in the world will I find the perfect place for a manicure/pedicure?! ;-) Anyway, if you are looking a beautiful place to get away to but remain within the contiguous United States, visit Camelback Inn, it is well worth it. (P.S. the only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars was my experience at the spa)
5	This place is rightfully in Paradise Valley. The 125-acre sprawling resort located on Mummy mountain is a little piece of paradise on Earth. Their customer service is stellar and the suites are grander than anything I have experienced before. It is an experience to just hang around the property. Nothing like playing a game of golf, getting a spa treatment in the lap of luxury and eating a light lunch at 'Sprouts'. Since we all know that luxury comes at a price it is advisable to visit this place on a special occasion or get someone to fund your visit. I've been to Camelback Inn on several occasions for business so in a way it is a "free lunch" for me everytime!
5	Despite the fact that it was 118 last week when I was there, this place was great.  The staff was so very helpful, and made sure I knew how to get around, and everyone that passed me greeted me.  That doesn't happen often these days.They put me in a nice room overlooking the pool.  The pool was nice.  Very refreshing, and it helped that the staff came around with ice water often.  The rooms are comfortable. The bath is big and clean.  The patio was nice to sit in the heat at night (I like that kind of thing).  THe food was surprisingly good for a "hotel."  I loved the variety of margaritas and specialty drinks, and I tried many.  The wait staff was pretty helpful and attentive.  The breakfast buffet rocked.  I wish I could have sat there all day and ate.  Room service was quick and friendly, and they always provided a nice little "dessert" with my meals- a cookie, or some chocolate.  Just enough to make me happy.I'm looking forward to my next business trip to AZ.
4	I had a wonderful romantic weekend here at Camelback last weekend, and this place NEARLY has a 5 star rating in my opinion. The staff is incredible, the food is scrumptious (might I recommend that you eat at the bar and get sangria and enchiladas!?), the rooms are clean and very unique, and the parking was convenient and easy to carry in and out.  The pool was nice, but not great. That's the missing star. No fountain to swim under, and not curved enough for little sanctuaries of privacy. I might be picky, but the Kierland is one of my favorite pools - and I have been to some classy pools in Tucson for a "staycation" or two - and this was just average.At the end of the day, it was miraculously cool (110 degree day) and we took a walk around and it was so pretty, and we sat outside and had a drink and enjoyed the patio outside the bar and the live music - such a nice vibe.  The other reviews are all accurate - even the local fued and the crowded pool!  I must say that we did NOT use the spa last weekend, but I did use it last year for a day trip with some girlfriends and it's a HUGE 5 star spa.  The pool is GREAT!
5	I stayed here this past weekend. The resort is beautiful. The scenery is breath taking. Every which way you turn you are surrounded by mountains, and cactus. It was a real treat for me being from MD. This resort is very unique, as it is not like any other resort I have ever stayed in. Meaning all the hotel rooms are separated from the lobby and each other. It is more like a little village than a resort. The only downfall is it can be a bit tricky getting around. The rooms are numbered in a strange way, and everything looks the same. However once inside your room you will not be disappointed. The rooms are private and beautiful. The lobby is beautiful,  and it is very relaxing. They have mist machines and lounge chairs, fire pits, fountains, live music, restaurants and a bar. The atmosphere is top notch. I loved sitting on a lounge chair, sipping my glass of wine, listening to the live acoustic band, and taking in the beautiful scenery. Service is what you would expect out of a Marriott. Friendly and classy. I was not disappointed. The pool was nice too. They have a nice little casual restaurant for lunch located in the pool area, and they have servers who will bring you drinks and even lunch at your lounge chair if you wish. They had complimentary lounging rafts, and swim noodles, perfect since I spent most of my time in the pool due to the heat.All and all this is a beautiful location, and I can now understand why this is one of Bill Marriott's favorite locations.
5	I loved the setting of this place each room is very private, its not your typical tower hotel. the service is great and the stake at the restaurant is superb. i would definitely return.
4	I went back this labor day for another extended spa weekend, and was not disappointed.  I'm downgrading to 4.5 stars only because we had to pay a higher rate this time, and while it was still well worth the money, I didn't have the stars in my eyes that I did when we were paying next to nothing.  Last year's rate was due to the huge renovation going on at the time.  This year we paid $269 a night for our room, a generous buffet breakfast and 2 spa treatments per day.   The tipping required at the spa, the resort fee, and various taxes brought the price up to about $350 a night, but even so, I felt like I certainly got my money's worth in luxury, and felt pampered and well attended to at almost all times.I appreciate the variety of food choices offered, in particular the standard pool food offered at the Jackrabbit pool and the food from Sprouts at the spa pool.  It's really quite nice to be served food while sitting on a lounge chair in your bathing suit, and I liked the difference between the two pools.  At the Jackrabbit pool, I ordered a Pina Colada, a rare ultra-high-calorie treat, and it was just as expected, sweet and luxurious, and we shared a BLT salad which was nothing gourmet, but very enjoyable.  At the spa I had  bowl of sugar snap peas in miso dressing and shared the sliders plate (comes with just 2 small sliders) with my mom, which made for a very well-rounded and still light and healthy meal.A surprising treat this year was a shiatsu massage with Greg (I think that was his name) that used lots of deep pressure to release and heal all kinds of muscle tension.  I felt fantastic after that massage.
5	I have never stayed at the hotel, but I have gone to the spa several times and I LOVE IT!!  I've been to several spas in AZ and I think this is one of the best, if not the best. The facilities are great and you can truly make a day out of it. Love the changing/waiting area as well as the sauna, women pool and outside patio. The food at the spa restaurant is very good.I had gotten the massages and the loofah treatment's....You have to try the loofah treatment!!! Your skin comes out softer than a baby's butt, plus is very relaxing. The warm shower and the lotion afterwards, heaven I'm telling you.To make it even better, the prices are  reasonable, which is a very welcome surprise.
4	Fancy!This was a great place to relax and unwind after an active vacation to the Grand Canyon.It was kid-friendly.  There is a splash area near the pool and a playground on site. The best bargin was breakfast brunch for the kids... $3.95 each!
4	Camelback Inn is now my favorite destination in the U.S. when I need a few days to wind down, and relax in complete contentment.I just got back from my 2nd trip this year; spending 5 days relaxing and sleeping-in every day. It was incredible. The staff at Camelback is fantastic, establishing an customer-centric atmosphere where every need is attended to with a smile.We never left the Inn, spending every moment eating very well, drinking great wine, sitting by the outdoor fire-pits, and lounging at the spa in complete bliss.Seriously, Camelback is awesome!
5	I am a regular visitor at the Camelback Inn Spa.  I have been to a lot of spas and have had many spa treatments and I have to say this is the best I have found in my quest for a place for serenity.  It is on the more expensive side, but well worth your hard earned dollars.  I suggest blocking out a whole day to get the full experience.  Here is my perfect day at there:  Book your appointments for treatments in the late afternoon.  Arrive in the morning, get in a good workout in the fitness center. Then head out to the beautiful spa pool area and sink yourself into one of the comfy lounge chairs.  Next order a healthy lunch and enjoy it poolside while taking in the scenery.  While enjoying the landscape, ask yourself, "can it get better than this?"  Nope, it cannot.  Wait...order their signature Bellini...now you are set! After you get in a few hours relaxing, sunning, eating, drinking and hopefully napping, head to your treatments.   Your stresses will truly melt away after a day like this. I go home feeling rejuvenated and happy.  Ladies, tell your man that you want a gift of a spa day at the Camelback Inn for Christmas or Hanukkah this year!  You will NOT be disappointed.  Take it from a spa brat... heavenly, I am telling you!!!
5	I've been to the Camelback Inn 4 or 5 times now, and have been nothing but satisfied.  The rooms are clean, spacious, cozy and romantic (if you're in to that).The resort is beautiful.The new addition of BLT Steakhouse is great; what a menu and wine list.The spa, one of my favorite locations, has everything one desires at the spa. have always been happy with my service.  Their hot stone massage is amazing...put me in complete relaxation mode.  The pool and treats you can enjoy while here are also pretty great.  On this last trip I had a cut and color; Sheryl did a fantastic job!  To boot she was very friendly and sweet.  Very much recommend...and, I'll be back!
5	Great property in beautiful setting. One of my favorite resorts in America. The staff is just fantastic and the spa is first class.  BLT steakhouse and Rita's Sunday brunch is super. The outdoor spaces and firepits with live music is perfect way to relax.
5	I'm not a high maintenance person but I've decided that if I were ever to receive a freakish inheritance of some kind or marry a rich man I would definitely become one of those boozy spa rats.The Camelback Inn is why. One day last year I decided I needed a massage like nobody's business and decided to go all out and book a day at the spa. I went with the Soother Package, a 60 minute Swedish massage and Loofah treatmentIt was the best day ever.I had never really gotten a professional massage before, but I was psyched to learn that if you book a 60 minute treatment you get all day use of the facilities (besides the fitness center, I believe). I got changed into my robe and waited for my massage in the super serene relaxation lounge where they had fresh lemon water, tea and all the trashy magazines I could read. Lovely. First the loofah rub: a little awkward. Basically you lay spread eagle on what looks like an autopsy table with only a towel to cover your private areas. The masseuse scrubs you down in major tickle areas and you get hosed down with warm water running all over your face. You come out soft and savory but not my favorite. But the massage...SO fantastic. They put you in a private room with scented candles and soft music playing, my masseuse was excellent. She even rubbed my feet and scalp and did this little tappy thing on my head. A glorious 60 minutes.After that I wandered around the spa, sat in the jacuzzi, ate some lunch at the restaurant, went for a swim in the pool, enjoyed the beautiful view....bliss. I felt like I was on VH1's The Fab Life.It cost me a pretty penny but worth every cent. In fact, I feel another spa day coming up very soon. This time, I'm going for a cabana.
5	The Camelback Inn is a classy, upscale resort that ranks in one of my top 10 destinations in the US. I have been coming here for over 20 years and each time I visit, I am reminded of how much I love this place. The resort is spread out at the base of Camelback mountain and the rooms are Pueblo style casitas each with their own patio, and some with their own pools. Each room has a microwave, cofffeemaker, mini fridge, honor bar, coffee maker and clock radio with iPod dock. In the bathroom you'll find all the amenities that you need including some nice body and bath products. The king size bed is covered in a plump duvet and it's a pleasure to slide between the sheets at night. The property has recently gone through a $50 million renovation which has put a fresh face on all the public spaces, guest rooms and the main inn. There is a new huge 20,000 square foot ballroom perfect for those big meetings, a 36 hole golf course that will keep the golfers happy and the Spa whose services are rivaled by none. They re-did the main Inn and turned what used to be the pool area a great bar (R-bar) area complete with a pergola and nightly live entertainment starting at 7. It's the perfect place to curl up around one of the fireplaces, enjoy a bite to eat or a glass of wine and just enjoy what southwest living is all about. There are two pools- one up by the spa and the jackrabbit pool located mid property. Both have food and drink service. And what could be better than sipping a prickly pear margarita in the sun?? The grounds are impeccable. The walks are lined with highly fragrant flowers and plantings, and there are fountains with trickling water everywhere you look. Big plump cushy coaches and chairs abound and if it gets cold at night- there are plenty of fire pits, and outdoor "heaters". The service at this resort is second to none. Everyone is here to take care of the guests. Even the maintenance people say hi and if you get lost wandering the property trying to find your room (trust me- it will happen)- they will happily give you a ride in a golf cart to your room. It doesn't matter if I come here to play or to work. This resort has me smiling from the time I pull into the circular entrance way and see the staff ready to take care of my every need. And that smile only fades on the day that I leave and I see the resort fading in the distance of my rear view mirror, but the beauty is, I know I will be back.
5	The Spa at Camelback Inn is one of my favorite places in Arizona. The resort is beautiful and the spa is amazing. The grounds of the spa are gorgeous and tranquil. The Swedish massage is the best I have ever had. Even the shampoo and hand soap smell delicious - I had to buy them for myself. A day here takes away all my worries. I am addicted!
5	I love the Spa at Camelback Inn. I'm one of those annoying "I wonder if the facilities are modern" types. The spa is great. I've never been to a spa before, probably because I thought spending that much money on a treatment couldn't possibly be justified in any universe. How wrong I was. The fact that I wore a retro bathing suit and a robe all day long was enough. But, then there were the fluffy towels. Ginormous jacuzzi. Steam bath that smelled of eucalyptus. The fluffy towels. The sauna. The fluffy towels. The pool. The patio (I think it was called something else...) where you could lounge or nap or eat apples and drink tea like my friend and I did. The massage. Did I mention the endless supply of tea and fluffy towels? Seriously, I want to pack all of my furniture and move in. Next weekend works for me, I saw a space next to the jacuzzi that looked open.
5	This is my favorite resort  in the US.  I love the history, the grounds, the spa, the food...literally an oasis of everything I love.  I've stayed here several times in the past ten years and have never been disappointed.  The rooms are large casitas with their own patio and all the amenities one would expect in a room at a five-star resort.  The breakfast buffet is the best - without exception - I've ever had and my husband is always referencing it to others - literally 'In all the world, only one.'  I'm a huge fan of spas and theirs is the best in this category as well.   The adobe clay purification wrap is my very favorite treatment at any spa I've ever visited.  Afterwards, laying at the pool reading a novel after having their wonderful spa services is literally a slice of heaven.  Sprouts' food (the spa's restaurant) is pretty tasty as well
5	Once again, I had another outstanding experience here yesterday. I wish I could live there, I really do. All I can say is that Francine made my troubles melt away like lemon drops with a wonderful therapeutic massage. I would highly recommend her if you have those awful stress knots in your back like I have from sitting at a desk all day and staring at a computer screen (who knew that an office job was so taxing on the body, good grief). In between treatments, I sunk into the hot-tub, had some wine, and took a snooze by the pool....ahhhhh pure bliss. I ended my day there with a relaxing pedicure with Fannie, who was excellent as well. She was fun and reminded me of Wanda Sykes, who I think is super cool! After the pedi, I sat in the sauna, then the steam room, and finally a long shower...can you tell I was in no hurry to leave? I practically shut the place down, but all good things must come to an end, so I reluctantly headed home. Oh I will be back soon...you can count on it!!!
5	I went to a spa day at the Camelback Inn Spa for a friend's bachelorette weekend.... what an amazing experience! I've been to a few spas around town and this one was by far the best.The Camelback Inn is in a beautiful location nestled right up to the mountains. It created a feel of being at an exclusive retreat. The spa center's workout room is very clean and has a variety of machines and weights. The spa facilities were also very nice. The steam room had a peppermint-like scent which was a little overwhelming when combined with the fact that I find it hard to breath in steam rooms to begin with. A few minutes was plenty.  I enjoyed a one hour massage - SO relaxing! The massages were so relaxing that everyone in our group ended up part comatose - everyone was all wobbly and we all lost their ability to put together complete sentences... Which meant it was time for lunch and drinks poolside. The waitress recommended the best lemonade/pear vodka/fresh raspberry cocktails! The day put a small dent in my wallet, but I enjoyed almost 5 hours there. Definitely well worth the cost!
5	It's getting warm and that means it's time to crash some pools.  This was long overdue for an update.  My family visited for Spring Break and probably spent almost every day at this pool.  Technically I wasn't crashing, but nobody cares if you do.  Just walk in, grab a lounge, and whip out a card for some drinks... nobody will be the wiser. My cousin, a foreign exchange student named Linda, and I walk into the pool on a Friday afternoon and every lounge chair is reserved.  EVERY SINGLE ONE.  We stood there for a few seconds, our excitement deflated and me wanting to desperately seek shade under an umbrella, when one of the employees offered to help us gather three empty chairs.  I even got an umbrella to protect my pathetically white skin from burning.  The place was packed with families and I wondered just how many kids had peed in the pool that day, but my worries were drowned by the island sounds of a steel drum and the buzz from the Cadillac Margarita.  I think I'll be back next weekend.
4	Been there multiple times for massages.  Absolutely one of the best I have ever had!  Yes you can spend up to $150 for a swedish, but you get to use all the amenities for the entire day which more than makes up for it.  The men's side, which obviously I can't speak for the women;s side, has a steam room, sauna, showers, cold plunge, outdoor sun deck, and lounge room with flat panel TVs.  Totally worth the cash.
5	My Brother had his wedding here in Late-March. It was a spectacular event! The grounds are absolutely immaculate! Every picture we took came out perfectly. We also stayed there for the weekend. The Food for the reception was excellent, the banquet hall we had was perfect in size. Overall the wedding was storybook perfect. The only criticism I have is that the rooms are a bit dated. The bathrooms could be upgraded to reflect the quality of the rest of the resort. Other than that we were very much satisfied with the experience
4	Why fix it if it's not broken? Well because then you'll get a masterpiece face lift like the Camelback Inn! I consider myself a regular at the Camelback Inn and over the years I've enjoyed family vacations here when I visited from California, nightly stops on my way back to college and even the occasional safe haven to stay during bachelorette party weekends. Each time I visit, I wish i could call this my home. The Camelback Inn is perfect for a relaxing weekend away from home with friends, family or a loved one. But, I mostly call myself a Camelback groupie because of their great pool and awesome outdoor restaurant/bar. Pool: Situated on a ledge overlooking the great view of Camelback Mountain, the pool is large and in charge. It has the feel of old Phoenix with the trendiness of a five star resort. I could easily find a lounge chair and plopped myself down with book in-hand. Poolside food was good and the cocktails were yummy. They even have foam floaties and rafts for you to float through the pool with. R Bar: R Bar how I love you. It's the perfect set-up. Comfy outdoor cushiony seating, fire pits, a pretty water fountain and an arrangement of live music. The mojitos were flowing and the fun was a given. Rooms: It's a Marriott so you can expect Marriott style service aka....never-wake-me-up pillows and beds. The rooms have an authentic southwestern feel to them and many of the rooms are casita style with outdoor patios. I never heard my neighbors and I felt like I was privately situated in my own little home away from home. During the sizzlin' summer, Camelback Inn has some smokin' deals so if you are a local burning alive like me, keep an eye open for deals that will make you live through another weekend in the heat.
4	Here for the work, but the Camelback Marriott Inn helped me relax and enjoy the down time.The rooms are only ok. I was not impressed. Tired furnishings and a warn but large. The pool was uninteresting too with the exception of the view of Camelback in the distance. The food is better than average for a hotel but not great for a resort. The real selling point is the outdoor bar area with it's huge seating capacity, fire pits, open cabanas and live music. Every night by the bar helped us forget we were in town to work. Everyone looked relaxed and with the happy hour drink specials, we felt relaxed.The service here is up to resort levels with the staff going out of there way to make my stay special. The concierge worked hard to provide transportation off site for a dinner of twenty with only 3 hours notice. good job!While I would not stay here on vacation, I would book it again and enjoy my stay for work.
5	Spent two days here just before heading over to The Phoenician for 4th of July. If you come, plan to either stay on property or have a car. This is a self-contained resort and there's really nowhere in walking distance to go other than the El Chorro lodge for drinks (though they have a car service that will whisk you over there for $3 if it's 114 degrees as it was the day I went). As you pull into the property, you'll notice all the mature landscaping and the entry sign that says Camelback Inn: In All the World Only One. And there's a legend printed over the lobby as well above a stopped clock: Where Time Stands Still. Both are so true. The lobby has been recently renovated and the front side is mostly taken up by a large, high-ceilinged great room with various seating configurations. The check-in area is small and set off to one side; on the other side is the concierge area. The back side contains the two restaurants (BLT Steak and Rita's Kitchen/R Bar) as well as a small sundries store. Both restaurants are fine. R Bar serves the Rita's menu and is a congenial setting with an outdoor courtyard, a bar with about 9 seats, and floor seating at various-sized tables. The chicken soft tacos are great and come with a variety of salsas and sauces. BLT Steak has a huge bar and offers a pretty nice $35 prix fixe menu in the summer. It's also a good place to use one of the resort fee perks--each room gets a free appetizer each day with an appetizer purchase. I was solo here, so I got two appetizers for the price of one. These along with the giant, delicious gruyere popover they serve make a good-sized meal. Service at both was friendly and efficient. They're not the most creative culinary spots in the world, but there's enough variety to hold you for several days. The rooms are exceedingly comfortable. They're arranged in two-story units of about 16 rooms each; if you have a car you can park it essentially right outside your door. Each block of rooms has its own ice machine. At about 550 square feet plus an outdoor patio, there's a gracious plenty of space. The kitchenette has a mini-bar, an empty mini-fridge for personal use, a microwave, a coffee pot, a sink, and several dishes plus cabinet space for your own food. The beds are comfy and there's also a leather arm chair with ottoman and a sleeper sofa. The desk is smallish, so I don't think it would be very work-friendly, but I pity you if you have to work here. It's worth noting that a lot of care has been taken in design detail in the rooms--there are wood beams set into the ceiling, attractive patterns in the bed accessories, and a leather cornice around the windows. If you can, get a corner room, which has windows on two sides. The bathroom is long and a touch narrow with a separate WC, separate shower, and a tub with opaque glass blocks to let in light. It's smallish for soaking. There are two sinks with plenty of counter space and the closet is adequately-sized. All in all, the accommodations feel more like studio apartments than hotel rooms. If you're an early riser, the outdoor patio is a great place to watch the quail and hummingbirds busily feeding while the sun comes up.The pool has plenty of lounge chairs with sun and shade options. It's free-form and really more for lounging than actual swimming. There's no separate adults-only pool, so it can get crowded with kids, though there's a separate play area for children that takes some of the stress off. The mango-passion fruit daiquiris will relieve any remaining stress. Since there's been a hotel here since 1936, the grounds are wonderfully mature and the resort is positioned to take advantage of views of Camelback Mountain, which is my favorite natural formation. On the back side of the resort, there's an ersatz "ghost town" with building facades and a central area that I presume is used for group gatherings/cookouts. Beyond that are a couple of hiking trails that go a little ways up the base of Mummy Mountain. The Red Trail is shorter and doesn't go quite as high. The Blue Trail takes about fifteen minutes to hike and would be doable for anyone in reasonable shape. At its peak is a log-seat observation area with an amazing view across the resort and Paradise Valley to Camelback Mountain. All in all, this is a complete resort in a wonderful setting. You could spend several days here and never leave the property without feeling you were missing a thing. It's well set-up to be completely relaxing and it's obvious they've given a lot of thought to making it as easy as possible to enjoy the property. Summer packages and specials are outstanding, so if you can stand the heat it's a great time to go.
5	Nostalgic trip down memory lane. We went there early June of last year for 5 days. Beautiful upscale resort with gorgeous landscape. Having a daily view of the Camelback mountain right at your window was just splendid...and prob gave this place an edge over all the others. The resort is so huge it's like its own little suburbia. They  have little "golf carts" to ride members to their room, pool,  lounge areas, the spa or simply the parking lot out front. A car is a definite must!  Not that you can't walk around the compound. We did a nice hiking trail up to Mummy Mountain (see pics). The rooms, more like private units, were incredibly spacious with king size comfy beds. Equipped with regular TV, small fridge and microwave. Honestly, I could have stayed inside our casita all day.Had great dinner at BLT steak restaurant. Side bread consisted of a huge popover Gruyere. Steaks were juicy and full of flavor. Service was top notch. Dining facing  a drop-dead gorgeous mountain view. What more can you ask for from life! Our last morning, also had an amazing breakfast at Rita's Kitchen on the resort. We frequented the famous Spa during our stay. Very calm and serene. We didn't get any fancy massages but we did lounge around the pool. Felt like I was living the life of a celebrity. Will always cherish this resort since we got engaged during our stay there. Lovely memories!
5	Marriott's have their pristine reputation for a reason. I learned this after receiving a facial at their Spa a few months ago. My aesthetician, Melanie, had healing hands. She was very in-tune with my needs as a guest, and made sure to explain in fine detail the procedures of the treatment, and how it was beneficial for my skin. The music was soothing, the lavender aroma sensational, and accommodations from the staff never-ending. I can't wait to visit the Spa again soon. Although the treatments are a little expensive, it is certainly worth it. Make sure to book your appointments with Melanie, she is fantastic!
4	Having just returned from a whirlwind overseas business trip, Condor had to unwind. No place better than the Spa at Camelback Inn. It has been years since Condor visited and, as I expected, they did not recall that on my last visit I mistakenly thought the terrycloth robe and slippers were a gift.  The letters demanding their return stopped after 3 months.Arriving in the lobby I was greeted by the soothing sound of Asian Zen music and the tranquil flow of fountain water. After a quick flashback to the three days in a jungle hut cell due to a jade sale gone bad, I headed to the luxurious locker, donned the fluffy terrycloth robe and settled poolside. My first disappointment of not having a drink in hand almost immediately was soothed when staff opened the bar 2 hours early. Talk about customer service at 7:30 in the morning. Having the secluded pool to myself, literally, I settled in to a literary vacation of the mind. It had been a long time since I read "US Weekly". Engrossed in the torrid life experiences of the hoi polli, I hardly noticed Companion had arrived and asked why I had already consumed six umbrella laden cocktails. "The heat," I responded. "It's 75 degrees," Companion stated with the accuracy of a former weekend weather girl in San Diego. Well, more cocktails ensued, including Companion's Mango Margarita, whose orange color I compared to the stunning, skin tight dress worn by an unknown actress named "Roxie" at a Red Carpet Event in the pages of "US Weekly". The color of the Mango Margarita complimented  the snow white of my robe after it was hurled in my direction. Another drink soothed Companion's ire and it was time for the highlight of the day: our individual Swedish Massages! Escorted by my Massage Therapist, the spitting image of Peta Wilson (Google it.) I was soon transported into a realm of relaxation and bliss. The bad news came when I was awaken from my trance by a knock on the door. It seems my snoring had disturbed the guests next door and my session was cut short. No matter, more poolside time with Companion awaited and more frothy cocktails. Unfortunately, upon return to my chaise lounge, I was greeted with a note. Apparently Companion and her Male Masseur hit it off and were enjoying cocktails at the Valley Ho Hotel down the street. I was definitely not invited. Well, upon reflection, the facility, service, therapist and massage were excellent. Although romance did not blossom, I did add another terrycloth robe to my closet, albeit with a Mango Margarita stain.
4	I just returned from a delightful stay at the Camelback. I am a fan, for sure. The grounds are colorful and well maintained. The room is cozy with a private patio. The spa is well designed and everyone was very friendly. The massage was not the best but the environment was superb. Next time I will make sure I ask for someone who can really work the knots out! I had a fantastic manicure from Olga. Overall, the food was great and I practically had to be forced out of my cozy lounge chair after hours in the R Bar. This was a great vacation getaway.
4	Excellent resort. We stayed here in October for 5 days, moving from the Scottsdale Fairmont Princess due to a company event. Prior to this becoming a JW Marriot, I stayed here about 10 years ago. Since then they made huge changes in adding a spa, enlarging the pool, making all of the rooms casita's and adding a ton of meeting space as well as a world class restaurant. There's an old town in the back of the property in case you have the need for a ghost-town type of event. Jogging the grounds and the nearby PV nearby neighborhoods is also a wonderful experience. The only downside was the check-in experience was horrible. I asked for the manager and it turned out I was talking to him. I'm guessing Marriott didn't train this guy or he just had a bad day. (Service was better at the Fairmont).Otherwise, a great property in a really convenient location.
4	My company held the annual sales meeting at this place, so I stayed there for a week. Due to all day presentations and meetings I didn't test the spa, but could enjoy the conference facilities and food. Everything was very well organized. The food was fine, with a big choice (buffet) and of good quality. The room was large (compared to European standards at least) and the general setting and surroundings just marvelous. If I could afford it, I'd come right back for vacation.
3	A relaxing stay in the dessert. The rooms are spacious and the price is fair.
4	Lodging - 4 Stars:I really enjoyed the historical background of the property and the rooms where each in their own one-story area (I was honestly expecting some high rise thing) and a small patio. Rooms were outfitted very nicely, they were fancy -- but not so outdone that you felt out of place. Went with a friend and the two sinks in the room were an excellent bonus. Each evening spent sitting outside, enjoying a bit of wine and the warm Arizona air. Beds were exquisite, rooms were quiet and just enough luxury to make you feel pampered without being overwhelmed by staff or extra charges for amenities.We got a room close to the pool, and although a bit nippy in the evenings to go swimming -- it was a short shuffle away from the large hot tub which was excellent (except for the drunk couple that decided to turn it into their personal boudoir...)Spa - 3.5 Stars:I have mixed feelings about the spa. First issue was when I was trying to make my appointment and the front desk did not seem very knowledgeable about the services they offered (for skin types, etc.) Then, upon arriving we received a tour of the facilities which was not very personable and seemed so rehearsed. (Also, I think I can find the bathroom and the towels, and I also know how to open up a locker....the tour turned into 15 minutes of me not being able to be in the Jacuzzi.)It seems that they schedule everyone at the same time for their services...because before I knew it the calm waiting room had turned into a packed holding cell for half the women of Scottsdale. One by one, they called the clients into their services...but it just felt a tad awkward. My massage was EXCELLENT. The masseuse was extremely good, probably one of the best I've had and really enjoyed it. I'm not particularly shy, so it's easy for me to relax pretty quickly when getting a massage. Afterwards, had a facial and the Asthetician was also quite good -- my face was glowing for two days afterwards. I REALLY appreciated that she didn't try to sell me on the products she used, which after a relaxing facial -- the last thing I was is you trying to hawk your $50 face cream in a tube the size of lip gloss.
4	My wife and I decided to take a little vaca to celebrate our 13th anniversary and also was the first time that we were traveling with our 5-month old, so you can imagine we were a little apprehensive. The resort is absolutely top-notch, the rooms are very spacious, the staff is very courteous, and the facilities are simply superb.  Our room overlooked the mountain, and in the morning, it was blissful to sit outside and sip on our cups of joe. The rooms have a microwave and a small fridge, something that was invaluable to us to store milk and warm it up for our little one.  The spa is simply one of the best in the valley, and even if you don't stay here, I would recommend the spa to anyone.  The resort is close to at least 20 golf courses, something that might be important to other golf nuts like me. So then why not 5 stars? Simply because they would not extend the check-out time for us by even an hour.  The check-out is 11 am and our flight was delayed to 8 pm, so when I requested, I was told VERY NICELY, but firmly that it wasn't going to happen.  I've traveled some, and have NEVER been turned down for a late check-out request, ever. Still, a great place to stay, the facilities are top-notch, the staff is very nice, and we had a wonderful time.  Would recommend this to anyone wanting a relaxing, fun experience in the Valley of the Sun.  Cheers.
5	This past weekend, I got to live like a queen thanks to my wonderful bf who treated me to an entire spa day at the Camelback Inn! Knowing I had several services, I wanted to wait until it was prime pool weather and I could make it an entire day. So as the weather approached 80, I knew the time had come to book it immediately.  I arrived bright and early in the morning to be greeted by the friendly staff, a great scent lingering throughout the building and a beautiful pool staring at me from below. After a speedy check-in process, they gave me my itinerary and sent me to the woman's locker room. Upon entering, I was greeted by some more friendly staff who gave me a locker room key and took me on a tour. The locker room is complete with razors, lotion, shampoo, conditioner, mouth wash, hair spray, deodorant, full private showers, a jacuzzi, steam room and two private lounges...and the day is only just beginning! Throughout the day, I had a facial, Swedish massage, manicure and blow-out. I scheduled them sporadically so that I was able to enjoy several hours by the pool that overlooks a gorgeous view of Camelback Inn. While lounging by the pool, I munched on a light lunch of a veggie wrap from Sprouts Cafe, the restaurant at the spa. The food was delicious and they list the nutrition next to each item so you have an idea of your intake. Following several hours at the pool, I decided to check out the gym and feel a little productive during the blissful day by working out. The gym is state of the art and each treadmill has a private tv. The staff is constantly cleaning and wiping off the equipment. So now let's go back to the most important part: the services. Each service was spectacular! The facial was relaxing and hydrating and even included a prolonged neck and shoulder massage. The Swedish massage was so heavenly it put me to sleep...in a good way. The blow-out left me feeling like a celebrity (and included a scalp massage) and the manicure made my nails weekend-ready (and included a hand massage). I've never gotten so many massages in one period of time! The thing I like most about this spa is that it's relaxing and if you plan it right, you can make it a complete eight hour day here and make the most of the spa. I could get used to having days where I float on cloud nine like this, but in the meantime, I will just always remember my heavenly day at the Camelback Inn Spa.
4	Although I have stayed in fine hotels on five continents, my favorite hotel except for the Hotel Monasterio, Cusco, Peru, is Camelback Inn set in the Sonoran desert among saguaro and palo verde between Mummy Mountain and Camelback Mountain.When you arrive at the Camelback Inn courtyard, beautiful with desert flowers, fountain and saguaro, friendly staff at the Bell House dressed in khaki shorts and white shirts greet you with smiles and warm welcome, ready to help and drive you in a "golf cart" to your casita.  The courteous staff remember you, show friendly interest, wanting you to enjoy your stay.I love the authentic Southwestern experience and beautiful desert setting of historic Camelback Inn, preferring it to more opulent Scottsdale hotel-resorts.  Built in 1936 on 125 desert acres, the pueblo casita style and the hacienda style entry and lobby containing stunning Western sculptures express early Southwestern and Native American culture.  Gorgeous mountain views of close-by majestic purple-pink Camelback Mountain rise against the lush desert valley.Reason enough to come to Camelback Inn is the beautiful indoor/outdoor patio setting of Rita's Kitchen restaurant set against Mummy Mountain.  Outdoor tables and chairs with mountain views are surrounded by gardens of desert flowers, saguaro and palm trees, flaming fire pit and cool pools.  Mostly friendly servers, one refused to give me an open unreserved table, bring delicious food with a Southwestern flavor or tasty salads with fresh ingredients.  Camelback Inn serves the best, most delicious Sunday brunch in the Scottsdale, Phoenix area.The casita rooms are spacious, comfortable and open to a balcony or small patio.  Lovely linens, billowy pillows and wonderfully comfortable bed enhance your stay.  A call to the Bell House brings a friendly driver in "golf cart" to your casita eager to drive you to the lobby or restaurants, to swimming pool or spa.  More fun is to walk paths lined with bougainvillea and beautiful desert landscaping.As a child, before I moved away, I rode horseback with friends through this desert, seeing the adobe casitas of Camelback Inn in the then still open desert, never imagining I would one day return as a guest.
1	5 star name.....1 star facility.Bathrooms...microscopicPool...not relaxing ....kids everwhere (no adult only pool like most resorts in phoenix)I think you either spend the bucks for the Suites with their own pools, book at the spa so you can use those facilities...or just Go to the intercontinental down the street...
4	We stayed recently in a very nice suite. Beautiful decor -- especially the tile floors in the entry, bathroom & powder room. Really enjoyed the spa and pool here. Standard Marriott level of service.
4	Beautifully landscaped, very well maintained property.  I had a large, clean room with a private patio looking out at Camelback - couldn't have been nicer.  I had an excellent dinner in the outdoor restaurant.  Didn't use the pool, but it was nice - also tennis courts, putting green, and spa.  Really nice resort in a great location.
5	We switched our loyalty from Hilton to Marriott after staying at this hotel. Enough said.
2	As an Arizona native, it's rare that I get to experience many of the resorts here in town. I had looked forward to staying here for some time and then the right occasion presented itself. The room was fine, but I wouldn't rave about it. Definitely not what I expected for the price. Room was cozy, and the beds were comfortable. However, the room smelled old and musty. Not the kind of smell that gives a room character, but the kind of smell that almost makes you want to spend $40 on a candle in the gift shop just to make it go away. We enjoyed having a nice TV, small fridge, and dock for our ipod. The bathroom and dressing area had everything that we needed, but the dark wood left me wanting more light and these areas just really need an update. We headed to the pool, but could not find any unused towels. We tracked down a waiter and asked him where we could get towels. He advised to look around the pool area, but there probably weren't any left and proceeded to provide us with a lengthy and defensive explanation. All we asked was where we could find a towel. No more, no less. We finally found a spot to sit (a spot without shade, but a place to sit nonetheless) and tracked down a server so we could order some refreshing cocktails. Not the greatest cocktails but they were tasty.That evening we met with some friend at R bar for cocktails and appetizers. Great atmosphere, delicious cocktails and appetizers. After that the plan was to get a cab to take us to dinner on central and camelback. A hotel employee told us that the hotel had a town car service that would take us to our destination and it would cost far less than a Taxi. The Valet confirmed this information. We told him where we were going and he said it would be about $15. WRONG!! We got to the restaurant and the driver charged us $34. Talk about a disappointment. Sounds like a severe breakdown in communication.I might be interested in giving the resort a second try someday, but not until they make some improvements.
2	Sitting by the fire pits, listening to the live music is super. Plus Camelback offers great drinks and service. So we decided to eat there. We sat at a lovely table by the lit tree and plenty of space. Then it went downhill. We had table-side guacamole and asked for it spicy, yet it was made bland. Then five minutes after the guacamole was served, the entrees arrived. The hamburger was fine but needed barbecue sauce as it came (I asked no cheese) dry. Unfortunately, the waiter was nowhere to be found. After he finally arrived to check on us, it took 10 minutes to find any sauces and then he came back with mayo, not barbecue sauce. But he disappeared again. I ended up leaving the table and asking the manager to help. She was very apologetic, but the evening was dulled. In the end, the food was average -  and at these prices, that's a shame. Stick to the good drinks.
5	Consistently one of my favorite spots which keeps me coming back year after year.  If you want the true Southwest experience- stay in one of the more traditional "casitas".  A little further away from the main buildings but the rooms are larger and you feel like you are in your own home with the outdoor patios, front outside door and some even have their own pools.Truly a great experience every time I come!
2	Hard to believe the ratings of this dated resort that is tired and worn out, except the flash and dash rooms like the spa and restaurants.  It is far from a 5* resort.  The rooms still have laminate bathrooms with very low countertops.  Mattresses are in need of replacing.  This place is off my radar screen, even though we live across the street and would like to put our family there, we won't.  There are two other resorts that are equal distance from our home and we will go there, vs. this place.  Yes, it's in a pristine environment, but that's where it ends.  We ate at Rita's and they said they were serving Mahi, but it was swordfish.  By the way, the spa is beautiful and wonderful, but you don't have to stay there to enjoy that
5	One word: NIRVANA!
5	Best vacation spot ever.
1	To call this hotel a 5 star resort is like describing the Reno Aces as a major league baseball team. If you're expecting the customer service, amenities and quality of a typical JW Marriott hotel, this is not the spot for you. The rooms are old and smelly (my guess is that the rooms haven't been renovated in over 20 years), the service is juvenile and the food is subpar. Although the area and the surroundings are beautiful, there are many other hotels in Paradise Valley that are encompassed by the beautiful Arizona mountains. If you stay here, you'll be paying JW Marriott prices but you won't be getting the quality.
2	This review and rating is only for the room itself as the overall resort is stunningly beautiful and the food we were served during the conference was very very good considering there were 200+ attendees. I was attending a conference here and while the setting for a conference is pretty close to perfect, the room situation was a big let down. I'm just a Silver Elite Marriott member and I don't expect significant upgrades; however, the room (#328) had to have been the absolute worst this resort has to offer. I jokingly dubbed it "the cave" as it was very small, dark, no view whatsoever and quite frankly should probably be converted to a storage/utility area. I wasn't going to share my opinion with the resort as I wasn't in my room a whole lot since I was attending a conference, but I received a message from the concierge asking if I was satisfied with the room so I decided to give my opinion. (The concierge addressed me as Mr. Several times during the message....I'm a Ms.!) I called the front desk to share my honest opinion about the room, inquire about how long the loud music from Ritas was going to continue (328 is right next to Ritas and the music goes until 11:00pm - I was tired after a very early start to the day and attending a full day conference), get an iron that was missing from the room and to resolve a problem with the TV remote. The front desk representative was apologetic and sent a tech with a new remote and iron. She also offered to put me in a different room. At this point, moving would have been more of a pain than simply staying put so I declined. Frankly, I appreciated the offer but was even more offended that there were other rooms available and yet they stuck me in "the cave". The next day I received two messages and one phone call offering a room change which got to the point of being comical! Another reviewer commented on the bathtub danger and I experienced something similar, but I only slipped and caught myself before falling and injuring myself.  I don't know what my company paid for our rooms, but I heard it was between $230-$350/night. Honestly, I wouldn't pay more than $50/night for this room that really doesn't offer much value other than a place to sleep (after 11:00) and shower (good balance/core strength is essential)! If I had been there for a holiday I absolutely would have not stayed in this room!
1	The resort is beautiful.However, the spa left much to be desired. I had a hot stone massage, which I usually love. However, this was the worst massage I've ever had. First off, the masseuse reeked of garlic; the smell was overwhelming. Secondly, after about 35 minutes into my 60 minute massage, between getting my skin pinched between rocks, listening to the rocks grinding on the backs of my stud earrings, and the smell, I had to get out of the room.  The masseuse apologized saying that he was sorry I didn't enjoy my massage. I paid for the whole massage and left a 15% tip but hesitated complaining at the front desk because I didn't want to get the masseuse in trouble. However, upon thinking about it, I did contact the spa and left a voice mail message about my experience. That was four days ago and nobody has bothered to return my call. Boo, not very good customer service. Too bad, because the property is beautiful.
4	Absolutely gorgeous location.  Set near the Camelback Mountains, it is truly breathtaking. Just beautiful views here.And the flowers... Man, do they really keep up with the landscaping here.  So wonderful to just walk around and see all the color everywhere.We stayed here for two nights in April, and overall enjoyed our stay.  The resort is huge!  However, it is fairly easy to navigate around even though it is spread out. And parking if free.We were lucky enough to have a room with the garden view, and even luckier as we stayed here for a wedding, and the ceremony was right outside our room door! How awesome is that??  The garden area is simply gorgeous.  The walking paths are kept up nicely.The room:  I'm not overly into Southwestern decor, but the room was clean and nicely kept. I do think the rooms decor was a bit boring, but it was still very nice.  The bed was comfy enough.  I do have to say, I thought the rooms were super ugly.  For how nice other areas were, the decor in the rooms was drab.  I think Southwest style can be trendier than it was...Also, good to note: there are walking paths up to the mountains nearby.  Which I didn't find out about until the day I was leaving.  Boo-hoo.  I would have enjoyed hiking up there immensely.  So note to resort: perhaps mention that...I heard the spa was very nice, however, I did not go there myself.  Also, there is a separate pool by the spa (perfect for those that would rather be kiddie free).My favorite part of the resort?  The ENORMOUS pool area.  And the fact that there were employees everywhere making sure everyone was taken care of the entire time near the pool.  It was never hard to find a place to sit or lay out, and employees were always removing towels and keeping an eye on everything going on in the pool area.  It was wonderful service.  A-mazing!!  But obtaining drinks near the pool did kind of suck...  Service was uber slow and our blond waitress was a little ditzy.  It took like a half hour to get a drink sometimes...I mean to order it.  Wait.  and wait. and wait.  Ugggghhhh.I highly recommend spending a few days here as a getaway.  It's a great resort, and I wouldn't hesitate to return again.  The service was spectacular overall.  My biggest complaint:  since it's set near the mountains it takes a little longer to drive to restaurants and bars and such if you want to leave the resort... So keep that in mind if you are big on nightlife and shopping.  Otherwise, great place to stay!  Oh, and it's kind of a pricey resort. I mean, it's doable but expect to spend some moola.
4	Great relaxing 2 night getaway with my wife.  Service was excellent, room was very comfortable....a very peaceful place.  R Bar was a great place to hang out and listen to music and enjoy some drinks.  Breakfast and service at Rita's on the patio was very good (despite a few pesky birds).  Poolside service was excellent...watermelon/mint iced water; watermelon cubes served from time to time...all excellent.  "Where time stands still"...I'll be sure to go back. The gardens are beautiful...we live in the valley and it's nice to visit a place like this and really take in desert living in a very relaxing setting.
4	my friend and I have been going to Camelback spa for about 5 years now for our birthdays - i must say this place has been consistent each and every time we have gone from the service, to the tour, to the food - we have tried other spas in the valley and continue to come back to Camelback spa!!! enjoy
4	JW Has A ViewBy The Rue I was at the JW Marriot,Parked my jeep in the lot,Up to the lobby I did walk,After check in, my room I sought,Paid for the room I didn't squat,Dropped my bag didn't give it much thought, I think I smelled someone smoking pot,NBA Finals game 3 I caught,BTL is where I watched,Lebron James make his shot,Angie the bartender is pretty hot,OKC lost, I was distraught,I like coming here a lot,Close to hiking trails to trot,The staff on hand - none were snots,Room was clean carpet without spot,Nothing in the gift shop that I bought,You cannot sail here on a yacht,Foiled your plans, killed your plot,The lightbulbs there are 60 watt,Don't tie your prostitute up with knots,If you do they will call swat,Allowed to return you cannot, Dump your boyfriend whose name is Scott.Staycation!
4	This really is bliss: a relaxing stay in the calm and quiet of the desert yet close enough to town if you've had enough of the peace and quiet. You can come hang at The Camelback Inn, be in central Phoenix and still feel a million miles away. I don't know of many other places where I can get that.The casitas are set-up two to a unit with private patios so you don't feel like you're in a hotel but instead get a great feeling of seclusion and privacy. Evenings are nice and quiet and great for star gazing. If you're feeling more social you can take a dip in the pool or grab a cocktail at R Bar or take in a blissful meal at the chic, ultra-modern yet resort causal BLT Steak.This is really one of my favorite places in The Valley and one of top recommendations for places to stay.
5	Hard for me to put words together for this place other than it was truly amazing!  Hands down probably the best JW Marriott Resort that I have been to.  The grounds were beautiful, the accommodations were amazing, the golf course was awesome and the restaurants were incredible.At first thought the on site eatery (BLT Steakhouse) was an another normal place and boy was I wrong.  This in fact was probably the best food I have ever eaten and ended up eating there 2 of 3 nights during our stay.  We will be back 100% without a doubt and cannot wait for our next return trip to the JW in Scottsdale!
4	I've been here twice now for special occasions to lounge by the pool and get a massage and left relaxed and rejuvenated both times. Most recently my mom and I went for their summer special $50 off a 60 minute treatment. My mom had never had a massage before - her face afterward was priceless accompanied by her "I've never been so relaxed" commentary. It was well worth it.
5	The Camelback Inn is like a little Oasis or taste of paradise in the arid Arizona desert.  This is the third time I have stayed here over a (long) weekend, Thursday through Monday, and I am just in love with the place.  The last time was seven years ago and I can't believe it took me so long to make it back here.  I blame the dance competition I come here to enjoy which moved to another location for several years.  WHAT were they thinking?  This place can't be beat for providing service and luxury at every turn!It feels more like a gated luxury community than a hotel.  There are a series of bungalows connected by a series of rock lined paths and grassy havens instead of one large building.  As i walked along the paths during my stay I saw families of quail crossing my path and bunnies looking at me quizzically from the grassy patches.  None of the animals seemed to be intimidated by their proximity to humans and let us approach them without running for safety.The pools were refreshing and one even had private cabanas for people to rent if they wanted a little more privacy.The average rooms were like little luxury suites with a mini-kitchenette complete with sink, microwave, and refrigerator.  The bathrooms were very spacious with a main area containing toilet, tub and sink with large counters separated off by a door from a second sink area with voluminous counter space.  It was incredibly convenient to have the two separate sink/counter/mirrored areas for two people to be able to get ready at once.  The magnifying mirror attached to one wall was one of the best I've seen in any hotel bathroom.The best part of the room was the beds.  They were so amazingly comfortable; even more comfortable than my own bed at home.  It's like the bed welcomes you and molds right to your body.Our room had its own semiprivate outdoor patio area complete with outdoor seating which was wonderful for sitting and enjoying the relative cool of the evening around twilight.  I didn't make it to the pool during this visit, but my brother did and recommends it quite highly.I haven't tried any of their restaurants, but they do have a Starbucks up by the main lobby which is perfect to help you get going in the mornings.The ballroom was very attractively decorated and the lighting was fabulous.  The hotel staff, particularly Eric and Dan, were helpful getting everything set up for our event in the ballroom and checked back in frequently to make sure everything was running smoothly for us.  All of the staff at this hotel is so incredibly friendly.  Staff members smile and say hello as you pass.  This place is so friendly and accommodating I wish I could stay forever!
4	We stayed here for our wedding anniversary. Everything was 1st class. From the first person we encountered to the last. Highly recommend staying here. My wife had two massages and thoroughly enjoyed both of them. The pool is salt water and the service is excellent (bringing you watermelon to cool off). They also provide floaties and noodles. The Sunday breakfast brunch is excellent and the restaurant in the spa is healthy. The BLT Steakhouse has a great happy hour, the popovers are the signature.
5	Very nice property set in beautiful grounds.  Not too far from Scottsdale road and some nice restaurants.  Rooms are very spacious and well furbished.  Parking is plentyful, and next to your room.  Gym is excellent.  Room service is very good.I have stayed here three times and will try to use this as my go to Marriott property when in town.
5	FANTASTIC!  We went here for a week to celebrate my spouses 50th birthday.  AMAZING!  The casitas are gorgeous. The food is fantastic,  cannot wait to return.
5	The scenery at the property was gorgeous. The service was beyond excellent throughout the property- at the lobby, pool, spa...etc. It's a nice resort with very down-to-earth employees. We really enjoyed our stay here. Our room was spacious. The only downside I can think of for our room was that because the door opens directly to the outside, bugs fly in when you go in/out especially at night. I got a few mosquito bites the first night. The spa was excellent and very relaxing. It was quite crowded on a Saturday though. With a spa treatment, we were able to use the facilities for an entire day. The spa had a restaurant, pool, workout rooms, salon, steam room, jacuzzi...etc. Everything was great. We walked out truly feeling pampered and relaxed after spending a full day at the spa. The main hotel pool (Jack Rabit) was nice and quiet. It was opened 24 hours. When it got really hot, the hotel staff brought pitchers of iced water to all of the hotel guests, along with bites of cut-up cold watermelons. The gym was awesome. The machines have touch-screens with TV and all controls for the machine on the same screen. The music mix was just right. The best was probably the cold washcloths kept in a mini-fridge inside the gym. The almost 4 mile loop trail that the hotel recommended for hiking brought us to incredible views. I highly recommend it early in the morning when the weather is cooler.
3	Nice comfortable hotel.  No coffee available from 24-hour room service.  Musty smell in room 606.   Great patio.  Good but expensive breakfast buffet.
5	We really like this place.  It doesn't hurt that the weather is perfect.  Breakfast out on the terrace is great, and the buffet includes the most beautiful berries I have ever seen.  The grounds are well cared for and lovely.  And a cocktail on the terrace with music is a perfect start before dinner.  And in the evening, just after sunset, the bunnies come out, enchanting any children around, and the adults too.  We are enjoying the pool - nicely laid out, great service, not too crowded.   They have floats that you can use in the pool - very nice in the heat.  Our room is large, with a king sized bed, two closets, a small kitchen, couch, chair with ottoman, and a lovely patio.  We had one small problem with our room - outside light wouldn't come on, and they fixed it in seconds.  It is Thanksgiving week, and we were given an activity book, with a day by day schedule of things - managers reception, cooking class, tour of the grounds, things for kids to do.  Tomorrow I try the  power walk at 7AM, to work off the calories that I will replace with Thanksgiving dinner.  The spa is lovely, with lots of services.  There is also a fitness room that is well equipped, both with treadmills and climbers, as well as therapy balls, weights, mats,  and weight machines.Parking is ample, and near your casita, regardless of where you are on the vast grounds.  I expect we will come back again, and bring the whole family next time.
5	I had pretty high expectations for this place, and they blew any expectations I had out of the water!My H and I stayed at The Camelback Inn the weekend after Thanksgiving (one can only sleep so many nights in your parent's guest room!) and were hoping for a cool place to crash. What we got was an awesome getaway! We barely left the resort! The service was impeccable. From the moment we checked in and received our free gifts for being Marriott Rewards members, I knew that this was going to be a great trip. The bar and restaurant (both of which I reviewed separately) made the experience even better. My H and dad went golfing and said the course was great. The Sunday champagne brunch was one of the best I'd been too. Free flowing champagne, crab legs, shrimp, and everything else you can imagine. In summation I would highly recommend staying here- the location was great too, not too far out in the boonies like some of the nicer places in AZ. 5 stars!
5	This spa is my favorite In Scottsdale Az. The pool and jacuzzi area is beautiful with a view of  the Mountain and hillside homes. The food is excellent and the service was great by the pool! My daughter in law and I go every year and we have a great massage and girl day!!! highly recommend this spa.
5	Our national Sales Convection was held here! I loved it! The staff was amazing. This is the only hotel I've been to that offers an entire Gluten free menu and everything the chef made was really good! I lost five pounds throughout the entire week! Convention facilities were a bit of a walk in the heat. The rooms were great, bed comfortable, water pressure was strong! Bar closed way to early.
5	One of the best places to spa in the Valley.  My favorite place.  The staff make your time there, a time of peace and R & R.
5	The boyfriend and I like to do little staycations every now and then so when we saw a deal advertised for the Camelback Inn we jumped on it. We stayed two nights in just a regular room, I guess. They had several different kinds of suites (even rooms with a private pool!) but our room was a standard room with a nice patio facing Camelback Mountain. The room was spacious and clean, the bed was comfy and the patio was the perfect place to enjoy breakfast.Camelback Inn was much bigger than I expected. Lots and lots of buildings spread out over the property. It's not the easiest place to find your way around but at least it's pretty to look at while you get lost. At the back of the property is a little ghost town set up. It looks like they do corporate events - cowboy cookouts - but nothing was going on while we were there. But we had fun wandering around the "town" and taking goofy pictures of each other.Even though it was December it was warm enough to hang out by the pool. The pool is heated so that helped and there are two hot tubs as well for really chilly days. They have an abundance of lounge chairs and even offer float rafts and fun noodles for the pool. There were kids splashing around but the area is big enough you can hide away from the action if you prefer.We ate at two of the restaurants while we were there - BLT Steak and Rita's Kitchen and both were fantastic. We loved our Camelback Inn staycation and would not hesitate to go back - especially in the summer when the rates are low!
4	When on business in Phoenix during the hot summers, I often stay in resorts so I don't have to leave the grounds to find food or entertainment.  This resort was a great choice and supported both objectives.The room was cozy and easy to access.  Staff was courteous and helpful with luggage.  The pool I saw looked awesome (I wish I had time to jump in).  Restaurant options were superb-- BLT steak's complimentary popover brings back epicurean fantasies frequently.    Overall, I will stay there again when I am in the area.
1	We just checked in and out of the Camelback Inn. We have stayed at this hotel in the past and have loved it. What an awful experience we have just had. When we checked in, they gave us a room that wasn't what we expected. It could not accommodate our family of five. They put us in another room, but it was not yet ready. We waited over three hours for them to clean the room. When we finally went in, we couldn't breathe because of the overwhelming smell of Lysol. Nauseating! The rooms in this hotel are bad. They are very gloomy, dirty and need renovating. The prices they charge are outrageous for what you get. My kids were so happy when we pulled up to the Scottsdale Princess and walked into a clean casita with a fireplace for $200 less than the stinky old room we had just left at the Camelbak Inn.  Time really does stand still there. We will never go back!
4	I stayed here with my dad when visiting Scottsdale last spring.  The accommodations were wonderful and I felt like I was in paradise.  Have you, he was there on business so the expenses were covered, so I have no idea of the price of the stay.  However, the staff was extremely courteous and made sure we were well received.  The spa was so relaxing and even the regular pool was amazing.  I would definitely stay here again :)
5	I recently stayed here for a business conference. I really enjoyed this hotel for those little things that matter (to me). Here is a rundown on my list:The room was very spacious with a double sink, a tub/shower and large closet in the bath area (almost like a walk in). There was a door separating the sink area from the shower/tub area (I like that). The room had a microwave, refrigerator and small coffee/tea maker.The 'hotel supplied' shampoo and conditioner were fantastic, enough so that I brought the extra's home. Great stuff. I travel very light and take my chances on those items and wasn't sorry I didn't bring my own.The hot water was REALLY HOT, fantastically so. Assuming it was like most hotels, I started it at the hottest setting and walked away. When I came back and put my foot in... holy cow! I had to add cold water before I got in. This is NOT a complaint...there are not many things more important to me than having a really hot bath, except of course things like world peace and solving world hunger :)Have you ever noticed that many hotel thermostats seem like they are they for looks and not actually functional? Not so here. If I set it high it immediately warmed up the room. As someone who is always cold, I really appreciate when I can warm up a room quickly.The bed was extremely comfortable and the bedding was perfect for me. One of my colleagues found the down comforter a tad too warm. They requested a replacement blanket and were very happy after that. I loved everything about that bed.There are 2 gyms on the premises. The 'free' small one and a nicer one located at the SPA. The Spa gym is $35 per day, but free if you purchase a service at the spa that day. Being in a conference all day and group dinners at night, I finally got the chance to do a quick work out late Friday night. Spa gym closed at 7, but free gym was open 24 hours, so free gym it was. It was perfectly fine for a quick 'out of town' workout. It had one of those band machines with 2 pulleys and different handles, 2 adjustable benches, enough free weights (for me), 2 leg machines, treadmills and eliptical machines. There was a bottled water dispenser machine and towels which was great because I forgot both. There was only 1 bad thing I can say which is true in most hotels. The blow dryer was terrible. For some reason hotels do not include the funnel tip. There must be some reason for that, but I don't know what it is. If you need a funnel tip on your dryer I suggest bringing your own.  If I ever visit again I will have to make room for that in my bag.I deducted a star for the blow dryer, but then I added it back for being able to make the room warm enough so quickly and the ability to take a boiling hot bath!  Great hotel, highly recommend.
3	The hotel is in a great location and the property is beautiful.  The rooms are large but the lay out is strange.  There is a mini kitchenette and the bathroom is down a hallway Nice hotel shop but it closes too early.  BLT Steak is amazing and the staff there are top notch.  The other restaurant staff were too busy to show me a menu after a 20 min wait for 2 of them to handle a messed up resrvation for another guest when the restaurant was not even full.I loved the views and the property although I didnt get to see the little old west town part and it was not pool season however I had a few fair complaints which I addressed to the hotel manager via email and never got a response and for that alone I would honestly never ever stay here again because there are too many amazing hotels in this area and at this price point that is unacceptable.I had filled out a request form sent to me prior to my stay requesting extra towels and foam pillows and got a response saying that would be no problem.  When I checked in I was then told the items would be brought to my room.  2 hours later I had to call and request them again.  huh?When the pillows finally arrived one of the pillow cases was visibly dirty in several places and it turned out the duvet on the bed was too.  I was tired and simply swapped the pillow case with one of the feather pillows but how management wouldnt reply and apologize for the delay and the filth is unacceptable when I took the time to write and put good points too.  Sorry Camelback INN I spent a lot of money while at your resort in your shop and restaurant but for customer service mistakes that should not happen in an area with too many great competitors I will NEVER be back.
5	The best of the best.
5	I've had the good fortune of attending an annual business retreat held at this facility over the past 2 years. While for the 2012 retreat, I was too late in registering to actually stay on premises, I did get to stay on premises in 2013.Both years, the convention services such as catering was excellent. Shout outs to Rhonda and Crystal. You gals are awesome.The room was spacious and gorgeous. All the amenities you'd expect from a luxury resort like this.I loved hanging out with friends, old and new, around the firepits.Happy hour from 3:00 to 6:00 with $5 drinks and great food for around the same price. The Ahi tuna is a bit skimpy, but the filet mignon sliders and quesadilla's rocked.The food provided at the events was awesome too.I also got a great Aromatherapy massage at the spa.
1	I was really surprised and extremely disappointed to find out upon arrival that there weren't  any queen sized beds as advertised.  I am over 6 feet tall as well as my two boys.  The double sized beds were not acceptable. The web page that I made the reservation on specifically said 2 queen sized beds were available.  Upon arrival even the front desk said my two queen sized bed room is available.  When I called the front desk they said they don't have any.  I am leaving very disappointed.
1	This hotel is over sold on its web site photos and famed location. In reality it is a very old hotel with a desperate need for an update. My wife and I live in Phoenix and stayed there for one night for a stay at home vacation. We were very disappointed to learn at check in by a flyer my wife noted that most of the outdoor space was reserved for a private event. It would have been nice to know this when we made our reservation. This shifted all the patrons to BLT where we were going to have a nice dinner except for the packed house since no one could sit outside anywhere else. The service is polite but not what is should be for a " luxury hotel". The rooms are musty and old with dirty carpet. The pool is tiny for the number of people the hotel is housing. Upon check out I inquired about the 25.00 resort fee on my bill. I was rudely informed that all resorts have that and in our case it was for the internet service in our room(which we did not use) and other resort features we have access to which we were never informed of at check in.  I would not stay here and there are other great hotels that are not isolated from other options for dining.
3	We have just returned from camelback. It is a beautiful place. The views r wonderful but..The Internet service was horrible no matter how many times a day we agreed to pay when we has to try to sign on. That was a little scary because we had to do it several times a day. They had to keep sending people up and get it to work for it just to stop..We had a room with a patio. Wonderful. We treated ourselves and had ordered room service a lot lol. At first they were good at coming picking up tray which we left on patio table when finished... We'd. We ordered dinner. Left tray on patio table as usual. The next morning I went out to patio drink my coffee relax. The tray was left over night. Now there r a lot of birds there. Part of the beauty to a point. They had swarmed tray had pooped all over table chairs floor every where. I carried tray down in my robe told a waiter what had happened. Ended up cleaning poop myself.. We had on Thursday ordered a lite lunch. Put tray on table went to pool. At around 530 came back same thing tray still there bird poop all over place again a mess. I again carried tray back but this time told young lady I was getting tired of living n bird shit.. I know wasn't too nice but twice I had to do someone's job and clean up room services mess I was very upset....Another thing we had gone thru a travel agent. We were suppose to receive complimentary drinks, appetizers discounts on golf, a bike for two hours. We received non of these and no one even mentioned it so know what ur getting because they just want their money..Beautiful but don't order room service because ill pay dearly then ill clean up the mess.. Not sure if I would go back after realizing a supposedly quality place like this letting their customers go thru this and not even care a little.....
3	It was spa day at the camelback inn spa. We had facials and massages, lunch, and then wanted to have some FaceTime since we don't see each other often. That's when the trouble began. The quiet police were after us! Finally, we escaped to the outside where there were no water spritsers. We found some icy towels to cool us. Andrea gave me a great facial and spent a lot of time with me answering questions about my skin, eyebags, and products that could help. If you favor silence to read and relax you will enjoy it! They offer lemon water, tea, and when you leave you can make your own sachet which was awesome. My sachet has lavender in it and really helps me get to sleep. A nice touch!! The food and drink offerings were very good and the attendants were always nearby to help or keep everyone quiet. Shhhh when you go there!
5	This place is very nice, for it being in Arizona.  Our room was very big and clean.  The pool was nice.  the restaurant, Rita's, was outstanding.  We tried the Spa cafe on the last day and got an english muffin with pesto and avocado and tomato and a poached egg open sandwich....greatest thing I have ever eaten!  My only complaint was that it was incredibly hot, but I guess that is more of a complaint for Arizona....
2	Ok. This facility is 5 star for sure. Loved the women's spa lounge staff and front desk staff to death. The 2 stars comes from the worst facial I've ever had. I'll keep her name private, but it did start with a J.  I was greeted and brought into the treatment room. She asked what products I used but that was it, no real consultation (like I was told when I booked the appointment I would have).  She then chatted about this and that, told me "sorry if you hear me fidgeting a lot, I have a bad back and it's spasming today." Uh-oh, that's not the best start. Long story short: there was so much downtime with nothing going on but me sitting there. The steamer was on, but no steam actually touched my face. The hand and foot massage that was talked about in the service description was a lotion application and light very very short rub at best. She noticed I had eyelash extensions, any estheticians knows to not manipulate eyelids let alone ones with extensions. I lost half of them on my right eye by the end. She applied some lip balm/hydrator to my lips where a huge chunk made it into my mouth, not pleasant......my co-worker  received the exact same service with another provider and absolutely LOVED it. So I know it wasn't a bogus service but just a disappointing provider. Look, this is a nice resort where people drop a lot of money, spa services are not cheap here. I'm actually fine with paying high prices for amazing service because I believe in service value.  I was so unhappy after my service I asked my coworker to leave with me instead of staying and enjoying the amenities bc I was so upset.  Redeeming factor: at check out impolitely asked if a manager was available and the professional gentleman behind the desk informed me that they weren't buy asked if her could help me. I explained my situation (very calmly and politely as I'm not a usual complainer.) and he was immediately apologetic and comped my service. He was amazing I wish I remembered his name ( I think Allen but I'm not sure) He is the epitome of customer service.  The resort itself is lovely.  I will write a separate review for BLT restaurant bc that was a most memorable experience.  Go to the spa it's great, I just hope they recognize their providers should give their all. I run a salon and spa so of all people I get it.
4	Great location in the heart of Paradise Valley, just minutes from Phoenix and Scottsdale.  Great place for any wedding photos especially since this place is right by the Camelback Mountain.  This property is part of the JW Marriott Hotel so you know you will be getting a great service from all the staffs.  Haven't had a chance of staying here yet, was only here for the BLT Steakhouse Happy Hour food.
5	Just did a staycations to celebrate my 40th and loved this place. My wife has always loved the spa here so we decided to stay here for our night away with some friends. The service here is amazing, everyone is eager to make your stay a pleasant experience and they didn't disappoint. My wife mentioned why we were staying here when she booked her spa treatments several weeks prior to our stay amd when we got back from the pool in the late afternoon there was a piece of chocolate cake and a hand written card wishing me HBD and thanking me for choosing to stay there. I thought that was so cool of them to remember. Pool scene is super mellow almost no kids, I left mine at home so that was a nice change. R Bar has live music until10pm and the band was awesome- I only wish they played later. Will be back for sure.
5	I only joined a friend at the pool, so my review is only on the pool.  What's not to like?  The view, spectacular. The service spectacular.  The people who attend the pool, wonderful.  Perfect way to spend time, getting some sun and inspiration and natural beauty.
5	Great hotel and everything you expect from a JW... It was a mirror image of the JW in San Antonio. The pool was great and I will be bringing my kids for the next trip there. I really liked the room and the fitness center was good as well. Not as nice as JW San Antonio but still a 5 star place.
5	We had an absolutely enormous room while here, 1280 square feet! Lovely atmosphere, with our own majestic patio.Things to love:-immaculate desert landscaping with lots of quail, roadrunners and other little critters.-posh, newly remodeled  bath rooms, granite, indirect lighting, big mirrors, lux!-Old school pool, not overly fancy, but comfortable-typical excellent Marriott food service, including a beyond reproach daily brunch.- A Sinatra swank feeling imbued in every little thing-immaculate service.-Central Scottsdale location.-Rambling ranch ambiance.-Bungalows- unlike the newer resorts, this place is bathed in history.I really love this property!
1	This place is creeping me out. I was given a gift certificate for mani pedi. It's cold no-one is here.  Lots of empty stations. Just me and Ms frieda.   Its just weird.  I walked out and didn't finish the pedi.
5	Amazing rooms, massage, and restaurant! I will go back every single time I visit. Highly recommended.
3	-Spa Review Only-My Husband and I decided to celebrate the first day of 2014 with massages and a day at the Spa at the Camelback Inn.  I've heard wonderful things about the resort and spa in particular, so I felt this would be a great way to kick off the New Year.  The spa is tucked away at the back of the resort, so once we found it we were checked in a directed towards are respective locker rooms.The women's locker room is a decent size, maybe a little outdated, but overall quite nice.  My locker was tricky to get into, but had enough space.  The robe I was given had stains on it, which wasn't the greatest impression, and the sandals I found to be a bit uncomfortable (as did the Hubs).  Once I changed, I lounged in the waiting area, which was packed before I was called back for my massage.  There were so many women being called back for services, it wasn't quite relaxing, but oh well.  My massage was ok... nothing really to remember, but it was relaxing (I'll take it).  After our massages, the Hubs and I met up and had lunch by the pool.  I LOVE the views and it was nice and quiet outside.  The waitresses were very nice and prompt.  The weather was beautiful... I mean honestly, does it get better than sitting by the pool on January 1st???The banana smoothie we ordered was delicious as were the sliders, really tasty and cooked perfectly.  The beet salad was bland and the beets were a bit too hard.  After several hours reading by the pool and hitting the hot tub, the Hubs and I adjourned to our locker rooms to shower and use the facilities.All in all, I found the spa to be nice, but lacking something.  Everyone was very friendly and helpful, but there is something I enjoy about a more intimate atmosphere, like the spa at Royal Palms.  Despite some minor things, we had a great day enjoying the beauty at this spa and celebrating a new year.
5	This property absolutely lives up to the JW Marriott standard.  Beautiful accommodations, professional/helpful staff and magnificent surrounds.I will go back without question!!!!
5	Love this place.  Not many Spas throughout the Valley can capture the hearts of locals, but this Spa continues to do just that, year after year after year.  I've heard it said more than once and read it in a few articles also, this JW Marriott property is the families favorite.  "In all the world, only one." is the motto that greets you as your driving up to the main entrance from Lincoln Rd.  Take a left before the fountain, then a right, there are many signs that direct you past the pool and the poolside restaurant to the Spa.  Everything about the Spa at Camelback Inn is gracious, timeless and well-intended.  They maximize space here to include a Salon, Gift Boutique, a restaurant - Sprouts, fitness center / gym, pilates, and so much more.  And the striking views of Camelback Mountain are always the backdrop to a Spa Day and lounging.I scheduled a 50 minute massage with Alice because I needed some professional therapy.  The day before, I had run the P.F. Chang's Rock-n-Roll 1/2 Marathon in under 2 hours ( 1:48) and pushed myself more than I had in a very long time.  In fact, I'm still recovering now as I write this, it was more brutal than I thought.  Anyway, I'm getting off-topic.   Alice is a very talented Massage Therapist and runner.  She remembered me from the previous year and even recalled my profession.  During the service, her breathe, movement, technique and intuition were aligned.  I felt relaxed and in good hands, literally.  For my next visit, I will definitely allow more time by the pool and for lunch.Until next time...
3	At Rita's kitchen restaurant staff is somewhat condescending; I got the entre size salad on a dish so small that is difficult to eat out of. Food is OK, expected. Big hang out place, bar area seems to be more popular.
4	The spa was beautiful and the steam room and sauna were great. The towels were always plentiful, the cold towels were always iced, and the staff was nice.Wish the facility on the women's side was a bit bigger for as many women were there. The facial was so-so...felt a bit pressured to change my current beauty products and the facial itself was a bit hands off. I felt there was more time spent massaging my shoulders than the actual facial; which just having a massage wasn't something i needed. Some of the gals I traveled with had excellent massages and commented how nice the staff was. I think I might of ordered the wrong massage, the Swedish massage was not deep enough....my friends said the therapeutic massage was great.The manicure and pedicures were ok. Did not realize that once your nails are painted that you were advised not to get in the spa or sauna for 1-2 hrs or wear closed toe shoes....the actual grooming and painting of the nails was great.The food and cocktails were really good and we liked the free yoga class.  As others have said the plastic shoes were terrible...to the point of leaving red marks across the tops of your feet; bring your own flip-flops...While there were things we noticed that could use improvement, Overall the spa was a great experience and it was a nice get away from kids and noise....very relaxing and didn't want to leave..
1	Spa Review - I love the location of this hotel and how can you not go wrong with the beautiful scenery of the mountains right in from of you!I scheduled an aromatherapy message because I have had this same service at the JW Desert Ridge SpA... Right off the bat my therapist informs me this is not deep tissue therefore I will only be using light to medium pressure...not what I want to hear after a crazy stressful few weeks, which is what exactly brings me to the spa to begin with! After I pick out my aromatherapy oil I realize that I have basically paid for oil to be lightly rubbed on my skin for a price tag of $140. Needless to say I was thoroughly disappointed not to mention frustrated that this is what I received for quite a good penny! I recommend going to the JW DESERT RIDGE SPA where the service and staff are on point and do not seem too dated and drab! Sorry but true story
3	Just returned from spending 4 nights at this JW. I would have loved to give them 4.5 stars but we ran into some issues that after booking the suite months and months in advance should not happen especially knowing how other JWs function as my preferred hotel choice.When we arrived and checked into our room  there were construction workers just outside   Cutting wood, etc. so the noise was rediculous. When we called the front desk and asked why haven't anyone told us at time of checking- in time they had no answer. Turns out it will go on for two days untold the weekend. They offered to look at another suite that is right next door of course silly as the noise level was the same. We requested speaking with the manager who ended up putting some credit on the account but considering how much you spend each night this is a drop in the bucket. In addition as this is a one bedroom suite with dinning and living area as well as wet bar/ kitchen area there were absolutely no glasses or flat ware so asked the manager to send it over. At this time we wasted two hours and were late for our restaurant reservation.Since we bought some water bottles and fruit ahead of time and had a fridge in the room we stacked it up before leaving only to find out when we returned that the fridge is barley working/keeping things cold. So needed to make another call to have the fridge replaced the next morning. Again when you spend thousands over a long weekend getaway you should not be dealing with this hassle.Premises- loved the location of this suite room 558 as very private. The fact that tennis courts are on premises is fantastic and we took advantage each morning. The fella who oversees the court was very nice until the last day he was very rude and cranky not sure if he woke up on the wrong side of the bed that day but certainly no reason to take it out on clients.Room service- though our package included bfast in their restaurant we ordered in as had dinning room table and much more relaxing and peaceful- food was fantastic, very fresh and the delivery guys professional.Spa- very nice facilities though I was shocked to see signing in and out for a robe and plastic flip flops- I use spas all over the world and have never seen this- perhaps they have bad experience with people steeling but giving the fact you spend 600 on treatments in the afternoon I don't think I would be after plastic flip flops. My massage was fantastic Linda who has been there for 17 years was very nice and knowledgeable. My honey oatmeal body wrap experience wasn't as good- the therapist lady was so unhappy which was obvious from her non inviting manners that made me feel very awkward throughout my treatment. The entire idea of going to a spa is to relax not to feel bad as someone who doesn't like their job makes things uncomfortable for the client.We will most likely return or will go to the Four Seasons down the road. Like I said I love JWs but the management here has some work to do to bring this location up to its legacy.
5	What an amazing escape into a world of passionate and attentive luxury and service. It is like a walk back in time to a simpler life where quality and attention to detail is everywhere. The rooms are impressive with big timbers reaching over the ceiling and comfort throughout. The spa was amazing especially with the special spa pool and restaurant....The food is awesome and they have a car service at your disposal and an excellent concierge to help with other dining options. It was hard to leave. We are looking forward to our next visit!
3	Husband and I stayed here for two days without our kiddos. We arrived at night and found there to be a lack of clear signage to direct traffic. The check in process was seamless and the staff was super friendly. After driving around a bit we found our room which was a complete let down. Perhaps my expectations were too high?! We ordered room service which arrived promptly - the food was average. We walked around a bit looking for a soda machine - all the ones listed on the map were either missing or out of order. The bed was hard as a rock. Shower area was uber tiny (shower door almost hit the toilet). The decor was, of course, southwestern themed and the theme was well done throughout the property. There were many cool areas to sit and relax. We didn't have time to try out the spa or BLT, but I would likely stay elsewhere and just drive to check them out. If you are a golfer this seems like a great property choice. The hotel is nice and resort-y but I've stayed at nicer and more comfortable places for way less. It was a fun trip to make and I'm glad we came but it wasn't nice enough that I'm dying to come back.
5	Stayed here for 3 nights a couple weeks ago.  Best service I have ever received.  This was a company function and every employee we ran into was so friendly and helpful.  The grounds were impecable.  The rooms being so spread out was a nice change.  Plenty of places to eat, get coffee etc.  Housekeeping was incredible and room service was absolutely over the top!  Anything you could imagine they can come up with.  Fabulous property, well worth the expense.  The property takes some time to navigate, but you figure it out after a day or two.  Very close to the airport.  I would recommend a car from the airport so you can check out the area.  There is plenty of parking on the property.  Nice job guys!  Again, everyone that passed us acknowledged us and said hello.
5	Amazing place.  Great get away or great place for a work meeting.  The sunrise and sunsets are world class.  There is so much space and the pools are everywhere.  Can't wait to return with my wife for a weekend getaway.
2	Beautiful scenery and landscape. Staff was very friendly. Hotel room was ok. Double sink was nice. Carpet was surprisingly dirty. It left your feet black. Bathroom door was rotting away at the bottom. The food at R Bar was ok. The restaurant prices were high (standard for a resort). However the quality of the food was below average. Therefore the  quality to price ratio was very low. I was not alone in thinking this because I saw another hotel guest send back his $18 salad because as he put it, "this is not an $18 salad." Lastly, I can understand resort fees, however, when no mention of the fee is made at check-in and it just appears on your bill with no explanation, the fee is annoying.
5	The most peaceful and tranquil hotel I've ever stayed at. Food is excellent too. Outstanding. People are GREAT! I will be back
5	Camelback Spa is the tops for me!  Arizona is a mecca for spas and I've done my fair share of exploration. Time and again I return to this spa. The setting is remarkable. Nestled into the desert valley hills it creates an oasis that is true to its surroundings. The entrance alone promotes serenity, stillness, comfort and does so without being hokie. Decked out in southwest modern decor and tons of natural light this place offers a peaceful haven. Services are always top notch and consistently great. I've visited this spa a few dozen times and have never asked for the same masseuse and each time the service has been perfect. Their amenities are wonderful.  The lap size pool has the best views of any of the valley spas and offers tons of seating & cafe service. Sprouts is their spa cafe that has additional seating inside the spa as well. Sprouts offers delicious, fresh, filling dishes. Additionally there is a private sunning area for women only and a large, clean gym that offers a variety of equipment & free weights with tons of space. This spa has everything & meets all my needs. My suggestion is go early & spend the entire day there. Enjoy!
5	My husband and I just returned from our 20th Anniversary trip to AZ. We traveled all over the Four Corners area and our last night we spent at this property. Wow. I wish we had planned our trip around this resort! We were greeted like royalty, shown to our breathtaking bungalow where we enjoyed fabulous accommodations and excellent food. Every single person we spoke to on staff was absolutely incredible. Thanks for making our stay so very special and memorable! We will definitely be back!
5	The kind of resort that takes a quick weekend getaway to a memorable lifetime experience! The entire staff is beyond helpful & genuinely friendly... The rooms are beautiful and the pool is fantastic! I usually like to venture out and try local restaurants but due to fatigue (and a day of drinking by the pool) we opted to eat at one of the resort's restaurants & much to our surprise it was not your every-day hotel food. The welcoming ambiance is complimented by lights strung throughout the trees on the outdoor patio and inside an acoustic guitar player sang -at an appropriate sound level- to dinner guests. ... If I ever return to Scottsdale I will definitely return here!
5	Awesome resort!! Love the room. Love the pool. Restaurants have great service and a wide array of choices. Love it!
5	This is a fantastic resort.   The rooms are well appointed with private balconies, mini fridge and microwave. There are scream restaurants to choose from including a steakhouse!  The property has several pools, golf and a fitness center. All these amenities and fantastic service as well!
4	This review is for the spa only at this resort, I did NOT spend the night.  The spa... aaahhh.... very relaxing to begin our morning of services. We were warmly welcomed and checked in by the gracious host. Armed with robes, slippers, and razors, we were escorted into the massive locker/changing area. Clean, but older, the area contains lockers, changing rooms, showers, restrooms, and prep stations for make-up and hair following treatments. Around the corner there is a lovely indoor jacuzzi tub, outdoor pool, cabanas, and quiet areas both inside and out. This space is uber relaxing and I absolutely loved it. The chaise lounges are comfy-cozy with soft blankets if needed. My massage treatment was spectacular, soothingly administered by an experienced therapist who worked my shoulder knots like a champ. Thanks so much!!! But, my mani/pedi were just average. My nail beds and cuticle areas still sting today. I have a blister on my thumb and when she rubbed the salt treatment all over my hands I about screamed. She even mentioned that she had seen the open sore. I found the treatment hurried and a tad insensitive. Lunch at Sprouts was absolutely delightful. Love the calorie count on the varied items - the seared ahi tuna and smoked salmon ciabatta were both quite good. The maple-buttermilk dressing on the faux Caesar salad was creamy and tangy. Very nice. All in all, a truly lovely experience that I will repeat again when I can. Maybe a facial or wrap instead of the nail treatments though...
2	In Short: This was one of the poorest experiences I've had with Marriott, having spent many nights in a variety of Marriott hotels and having hosted large events with Marriott. This poor experience is entirely attributed to the room quality, not service.Despite having spent only a single night here, I had a relatively poor experience, given expectations associated with a JW Marriott. After my experience here, I am not at all surprised that this JW was downgraded from 5 to 4 AAA Diamonds in 2013. This is not to say there are not positives. While I did not use any of the facilities or take advantage of many amenities, the resort seems well appointed and maintained. Furthermore, the service met expectations that I have for a JW Marriott. Staff are attentive and given my situation (which will become clear below), were helpful as well.The main detractor was the room (technically rooms, as I had my room changed twice). Having just been at Sanctuary at Camelback not two miles away from the JW, the room contrast was stark. The rooms at the JW are noticeably older and antiquated. The bathrooms have seen some updating but not to the standards seen at Sanctuary. Furthermore, the living and sleeping areas are distinctly out of date. I understand that an "Old Southwest" feel is the goal here but it really just seemed old and outdated. But even if I set aside the personal taste element, the experience here still warrants two stars (if that). Here's why.Room 1: I was placed in room 460 (or something around there). It is a standard two bed room on the ground floor. Within two minutes I spot a decent sized cockroach scamper across the bathroom. This does not entirely surprise me, as I noticed a good-sized gap between the front door and the floor. I'm not terrified of insects but I find the idea of a cockroach in my hotel room (especially a five star hotel) generally unappealing. I called the front desk and they have me moved to another room (apparently there were no rooms off the ground floor, so I was moved to another ground floor room).Room 2: I am shuttled to room 327, closer to the pool and lobby. When I'm let in by the bellhop, I notice it's a little warm (let's say 80 degrees, relative to the 110 outside). I check the AC and turn it down and nothing happens. The bellhop says he'll get an engineer to check it out and leaves. Twenty minutes later there's still no engineer. It's not unbearably warm (no more than 85 degrees still) but I'm getting a little irritated at this point. I check around the room to see if anything else is wrong and lo and behold I find a dead cockroach under one of the beds (accompanied by another dead insect of an unknown species). This tells me two things. One- this room is in fact accessible by cockroaches and two- housekeeping neglected to check under the bed when cleaning. I suppose a third possibility is that room remained vacant for long enough for two insects to crawl under a bed and die together. Upon this discovery I walk to the front desk to inquire 1) where the engineer is and 2) can I be relocated again due to said dead cockroach. They apologize and move me again and cover my rate (I was staying at a government rate so this didn't take much). Room 3: I am relocated tom room 117. It's a second floor unit (somehow it got freed up in the half hour between when I first was moved and when I ended up in this room). I check through the room and find no issues. The rest of my stay is uneventful.This hotel has significant issues to rectify. While its decor can be set aside as "not matching my taste", the prevalence of cockroaches of varying degrees of health indicates that the hotel has shoddy construction (a staff member at the front desk indicated the slat between the door and the floor was recently installed by contractors and that some of them were not installed low enough, hence insects getting in- but if this was identified as an issue that just means they knew it was a problem and haven't fixed it) and inattentive cleaning staff (or rooms that remain vacant for long periods of time). None of these should be associated with a five star hotel (or a four diamond AAA, more appropriately). This JW earns two stars because of the staff's willingness to put up with my incessant complaints. I would consider this generous as usually the presence of cockroaches is an instant one star in the minds of many.Tip: Stay at Sanctuary at Camelback until there are indications that these issues have been fixed. It's around the same area, slightly more expensive but apparently pest-free (and better appointed in my opinion).
5	I'm a repeat customer. I travel from Michigan at least once a year. This time for girls weekend but have also brought my family. The rooms are quant and they say the resort opened in the 30's. The outside looks old, but the rooms have been nicely upgraded inside. Although I am platinum elite, I have never been upgraded here, I don't think they do that. The spa is wonderful but expensive, but hey, it's vacation right? Nightly live music, amazing guacamole, and nestled in the mountains. I love this place!
5	My wife and I spent last weekend here without the kids and we could not have been more pleased with our experience.  The service was great from the front desk to the spa to the restaurants.  The grounds are just beautiful and I loved being able to park right next to our room as we traveled off site a few times.We will be back again.
3	A nice hotel, but no 5 Star quality.  For me, its all about the pool, so if you could care less about hanging out at the pool, then disregard.  The pool, chairs, atmosphere, etc. are depressing.
4	The hotel has a beautiful setting tucked between Camel Back and Mummy mountains. The grounds are meticulously groomed. Checking in at the resort requires a bit more effort than the average hotel. After arrival at the main office, you are given a map and sent on your way (by car) to find your room. The rooms are in pods arranged around the massive complex. Our room was in the 300 number sequence and seemed centrally located in comparison to the 100 or 200 numbered rooms. We had a lovely view. The decor was quaint, beds were comfy, towels were new. It was nice having French doors that opened to a patio with two chairs and table.The restaurants were very nice. The pool area was clean, however, the lounge chairs are in need of updating.  The beautiful grounds are impressive. It was fun to see the quail, bunnies, birds..I would recommend this resort for it's natural beauty.
5	Great service and friendly staff. Always going the extra mile on every aspect of the stay.
5	Great stay.  Spa treatment was outstanding.  Staff all around was so focused on serving.  Always a friendly hello from everyone there.  Stayed 5 days but wish it could have been 5 months!
5	Great resort! excellent service from everyone. I lost my Ipad and they had it in the lost and found. Honest staff
4	BLT, Rita's, R Bar, Seed, Spa, Hoppin Jacks, the views, rooms and pools, this place has it all. My favorite highlights of Camelback Inn:1. BLT - Steaks and Martinis with Blue Cheese Olives. This is my favorite steak house in the valley and those martinis go down like clear crisp glacial water. Oh yeah you got a mini appetizer with those olives too!!!2. Spa - Been here a few times for a spa day and I would have to say this spa is one of the best in the valley. The facility is super clean, spacious and up to date. Always a great massage! The spa has it's own pool and restaurant so plan to spend the whole day here. 3. R Bar - Yeah, I'm on to Moscow Mules now and there isn't a better patio to enjoy AZ's weather under the stars. Camelback Inn may be a little pricier than some of the other resorts in town, but if you time it right (summer) or have a little extra cash in your pockets spend a weekend here and "TREAT YOURSELF"!
3	Ok this place is beautiful, great views, good location, loved the outdoor seating in the lobby area. Nice pool and workout area. Almost everyone would love this place. For me it was ok. I don't like it when the room is in another building. I was far away from the lobby, and not a fan of that. BTW the room was awesome. Very big, My view from my room was not great. I looked at the roof of the rooms in front of me. I would rather be in one of the high rises, or at least in the same building as the lobby. I would go back with the family if back in the area. I'm a JW fan. Most of them are awesome. Everyone i meet here was great, I was just not a fan of the walk.  One last thing, make sure you go to the right JW. They have two in Scottsdale. Of course I went to the wrong one first.
4	Room 241 this time.  Octagonal room, very comfortable.  Nice.
2	This review is strictly confined to the Sunday brunch that has been so eloquently reviewed in other publications. My experience was in October 2012 but I feel that I should include this take, particularly because of the multiple opportunities that management had to "make it right."My guest and I have one event in particular that we celebrate each Fall, and in addition to many other outings, this event is always celebrated with a Sunday brunch. This year, when considering where to go, I was easily able to eliminate Camelback Inn. What a great place with southwest ambiance, a nice lounge area for sitting and talking afterward and good food, too! However, as with anything that is customer service oriented, it is possible for one element to cancel out other things that were perfect. Here's what happened:We arrived mid-morning and were seated almost immediately. They were reasonably busy, accommodating a typical Sunday brunch crowd, but the number of guests was below their potential capacity. Therefore, I eliminated over-capacity as an excuse. The room was clean, the food was visually appealing and it tasted great...all "as advertised" in the numerous pre-visit reviews that we had carefully checked before selecting this as our new place to explore. It was definitely one of (if not THE) largest buffet we have enjoyed in our numerous experiences with breakfast buffets. There is no room for complaint and only room for compliments with regard to the food itself...if you like food, you will love it, regardless of your individual tastes...due in part to the wide range of selections available. I did not taste anything that I did not like.What made the difference? The service or lack thereof. Breakfast buffets do not require much in the way of table service. Keep the buffet selections stocked, make clean plates available while also clearing the dirty ones promptly and you have hit most of the important points. Our experience fell short of some basic expectations. Being one of the more expensive brunch choices (partly supported by the vast menu, of course), we expected to experience reasonably thorough service. Unfortunately, dirty dishes were allowed to stack up to the point that we literally were stacking them ourselves. Our server (I think her name was Gigi...could be wrong with this name, but I don't think so), was difficult to draw to the table (though she spent significant time at another table across the room, laughing, chatting, not actually working, and not looking around to see if anyone was trying to call her over). Meantime, our beverages needed refills...not done and not possible to draw her attention because due to the noise level and distance from us, she could not hear or see us. My guest became irritated that she could not get more coffee to go with her meal. My iced "tea" became ice "cubes" in a glass and dishes stacked up. At one point, we moved some dishes to an empty table next to us to clear space on our table.Toward the end of the meal, a female manager walked by. Later we learned that she was either an assistant manager or the manager of another department. We did not know she was a manager...we only drew her attention to ask her to notify our server of our needs. She immediately responded by expressing concern. She noted that neither of us had the complimentary mimosas that were included with the meal. I stated that quite frankly, not being big drinkers, we had forgotten about those...partly due to the fact that our server had not mentioned them at any point during the meal. We were virtually done with our meal so we declined her offer at that point. After our meal, we decided to spend a short time in their large lounge area. It had some comfortable couches and casual ambiance. While there, the same manager walked by us. We stopped her to inform her about the dish situation, which had not been previously mentioned at our table. We let her know that other than great food, service is the second most important component of the experience...and our experience (especially at price levels such as they expect to command there) fell short of enjoyable that day. She took my contact information and stated that someone from management would be in touch with me sometime during the coming week. That was last year...still no phone call or other contact. Management's follow up matched exactly the follow up of the server, not servicing the table properly.So in summary...great place, great food...if you're willing to partially participate in busing your own table (otherwise, tolerate dirty ones), not be informed/offered INCLUDED perks (like the mimosa's), and you only sip your beverage such that it doesn't require any refilling during your meal. Too bad such easy to correct items went uncorrected and were not followed up...even after informing management of the experience...despite the apparent concern of the manager/asst manager with whom we interacted.
5	Champagne brunch here is a great decadence! Crab claws, shrimp, marinated artichokes and Caprese salad were my favs but there is endless food. We had outstanding service, mimosas refilled every second, comped two young kids in our party and sent us home with the dessert cart we were too full to eat. A super special outing!
4	I traveled to LA for a whirlwind, one-night stay for business. I arrived hours before check in time, and staff graciously allowed me to store my bags so I could rush off to my conference at USC. In my frantic rush, I accidentally dropped my wallet -- something I didn't notice until I arrived at the conference.
5	I brought my staff here for a conference. The food for the Club Level was very very skimpy. One of the managers felt that unauthorized guests were taking advantage so he removed the hot breakfast item (scrambled eggs), leaving no proteins at all. Juan Axon was an amazing server! He did his very best and carried himself with professionalism, friendliness, and excellence which unfortunately his managers did not. Why punish your faithful loyal members because of some bad apples?
