5	Hi, I'm Rudy, a cabdriver here in Las Vegas.  I am also a lifelong fan of Thai food.  I used to live in NYC and Boston and have eaten in Thai restaurants all up and down the East Coast.  I've been to Koolthai a few times, and I am impressed.  It's all the dishes you would expect at a Thai restaurant, but with a bit of gourmet flair.  For apps, the Thai Crackers and Thai Wings are both terrific.  The Thai Crackers are crispy clusters of rice (think Rice Krispy Treats, without the sweetness/stickiness) that are dipped into a stew of coconut milk and ground meat.  Something different, and totally delicious.  I had the Thai Wings tonight, very crispy, served in a garlicky brown sauce.For entrees, my favorites are the Spicy Catfish and the Crispy Pork.  Growing up in Kansas City, I've eaten plenty of catfish in my life, but Koolthai's catfish was probably the best I've ever tasted.  I almost hesitate to say that because it sounds so gushy, but I can't remember ever having better.  Tonight I had the Crispy Pork, which is simply amazing.  It's fried pork belly (which manages to stay remarkably crispy) sauteed in a garlicky brown sauce with Chinese broccoli.For dessert, my favorite is the fried banana - banana rolled in brown sugar with very fine coconut, fried in a rice wrapper, with a bit of syrup to top it off.  The coconut melts with the brown sugar to complement the banana nicely.  The Thai Mango (slices of fresh mango on top of sticky rice) is also good, as are the green tea and coconut ice cream.  The coconut ice cream isn't made with dairy but with coconut milk, and it's obviously very coconutty (yes, I realize that's not a real word!).Koolthai is less than a mile from the Wynn, just a bit off the beaten path over on Highland Drive.  The prices are very reasonable.  Honestly, I might just prefer it over the now-legendary Lotus of Siam, but I should probably make another visit to Lotus before making an official decision.
5	Although I don't usually seek out Thai restaurants, koolthai is located close to my shop so I have eaten there several times. Since I am a "meat avoider", they have prepared their dishes with tofu for me. All have been delicious. Decor is very nice, not just another restaurant  in a strip mall! Reasonable prices. I'll be back.
4	I was given a heads up on this new Thai restaurant, and was able to give a try for the first time today!  I have to say, this little Thai restaurant was quite nice.  The location is a bit hard to find.  It is basically underneath Desert Inn (well, kind of North of the bridge, on S Highland).  Although small, the atmosphere was nice.  They put some money into decorating the inside.  The waitstaff was friendly, yet professional which is something I think they hit right on the head.  Overall, while not the best Thai food I have had, it was actually quite impressive!First up was the Crab Rangoon ($6.00).  A guilty pleasure of mine, this is an appetizer I often turn to at a new Thai restaurant.  The wonton shell was perfectly fried, not too crunchy, not too thick.  The inside was more imitation crab than cream, which was nice.  The sweet and sour sauce had a nice little kick to it, and tasted better than average.  Not too sweet, just the way I prefer it.  They provided me with a unique tasting chili paste, which spiced up my sweet and sour sauce a little more.  I quite enjoyed these.For my main course, I ordered the Gang Kua, a red curry dish with duck.  I had it over brown rice, which was very well prepared (nice and fluffy, yum!).  It came with a slice or two of tomato, pineapple, and various herbs and spices.  The heat level was very moderate, so I added more of the chili paste that I was provided.  The duck was the most impressive thing about this dish.  They lightly shredded the duck, and as a result it was very tender and easy to eat.  There was very little gristle, and no bones.  It was a higher quality duck as well (less fat and gristle).  The pineapple was sweet and fresh tasting.  The curry was subtly flavored.  I would say it was a little Americanized, but still was tastier than most red curries in this town.  I would prefer it to be a little stronger in flavor, but I can appreciate the need to cater to a broad audience.  What counts is that the curry was decently unique and very easy to gobble down.  While they cater to the average customer, and there are a lot of Chinese dishes on the menu, the level of food here may be better than most places in this area.  I would recommend giving them a try.  I plan on returning with some friends to try other dishes!
5	In town on business, found this delightfully delicious Thai place. Top three things that impressed me? 1) Open late. 2) Excellent won tons. 3) Fast and friendly service.  I also had the yellow curry, which was delicious.  My order was to go and they provided me with water while I waited.
4	A swanky atmosphere in the heart of Sin City's erotic zone so-to-speak, koolthai offers a mini-sanctuary from the concrete jungle that surrounds it.  I came with a group of wildly beautiful ladies, and the rest of the diners included police officers and perhaps some strip club goers?  Or maybe it was too early :)Everyone ordered Thai iced tea or lemongrass juice, which apparently did not taste like lemongrass.  The Thai iced tea was generously (no promises for anyone visiting in the future) refilled, which I hear is really only unlimited at Weera Thai - this menu does not advertise free refills but I think the server was being sweet to our group.  I am not sure why there were dual prices on some dishes, because we thought it was lunch/dinner but I got charged the cheaper price so I am not clear on that.We all ordered different things but I sampled everyone's dishes.  I had the spicy green beans with tofu in a chile paste/kaffir lime sauce spice 8 of 10.  It was definitely spicy and tasty.  No one was offered brown rice so I am not sure if we could have asked for it or not, but we all got white rice for dishes except for noodles of course.  My dish was good with heat and flavor, and I liked the tofu texture (sort of medium firm).The other dishes I tried: pad kee mao with tofu (yay Chinese broccoli, but boo mushy noodles and had no spice - it had to be added with paste at our table), kool ginger beef (baby corn, unique non spicy sauce), beef panang (a bit thin but tasty), gang kua shrimp curry (not something I had ever tried, but it had pineapple and a nice flavor), and spicy mint chicken (chicken was ground which menu did not mention, but juicy - jalepenos supposed to be in dish but never saw them, loved the mint and basil in the dish).Overall, everything tasted good except the mushy noodles, and the service and Thai tea were great.  I also really liked the atmosphere.  However, nothing can satisfy me like Komol and that darn herbal salad.  I am glad I tried a new place with foodie femmes and now I need to try Naga, Siri, and Le Thai apparently to catch up to everyone else!
3	Koothai is in the heart of Tittie Town. Surrounded by strip clubs, toy stores and Internet model spots you have a very chic Thai restaurant. Erotic City needed something to eat other than beaver. The decor is cool and my favorite touch is the glassware. I felt like a baller drinking my water out of this heavy ass glass. Real kool. The restaurant was immaculate, too.The food. I can't say I'm in love or in lust with any of it. My Panang Beef had a decent flavor, not nearly enough heat for my liking and the meat cut was that of a Birkenstock sandal (yes, I had two pairs, don't judge). I had to gracefully spit out more than three pieces of  beef. I also sampled a few of the other dishes. Ginger dish, not bad. The tofu and noodles were far too soft. The Jungle Curry sounds like an adventure, right? Nope. Food was a huge miss for me which I am pretty sad about. Not kool.The service was outta the park 5 STARS. I loved our waiter who is probably the owner and dishwasher and waiter. He was so generous with the Thai tea (which was fat kid fucking delicious). He kept coming back and checking on us, etc. He's real kool.Overall, I can't even say I will be back. After my wild nights at the strip clubs I can't say eating is the first thing on my mind. If I worked as a stripper down the street I would probably be on the blow and vodka diet and Koolthai doesn't have either. No liquor license, not kool. This Jedi will not be returning.Koolthai, I still want you to make it and hope the cops keep filling your fly joint up. Sorry for the 3 stars, but I just had to keep it real.
3	I checked out this new Thai place with a few of my yelp lady friends not long ago.  You'd have to be really looking for this place to find it (or be a regular at the ALL NUDE! strip club just around the corner) to know it's there.... but once you get inside, it is a nice looking place; small but good ambiance.We ordered a variety of dishes, and everyone seemed satisfied to happy with their meals.  I probably had the most complaints re: my veganized pad kee mao.  The flavor was great, and they added chinese broccoli to the mix (bonus!), but UGH! the noodles were hella mushy.  That's a faux pas you just can't excuse.   Otherwise I really liked it.  My other complaint was that I ordered a lemongrass soda, which was CRAZY sweet and tasted like pandan, with no hint of lemongrass or lemony anything.  Oh well.   Hence, I'd give my food experience about two stars.But our server was great, very accommodating to my vegan requests and very prompt with our service, kept our drinks filled etc., so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and bump them up a star!
3	I have some really kool girlfriends, and they are so kool, I'd go eat dinner with them pretty much anywhere. So when I got a text saying that a few of these lovely ladies were having dinner at Koolthai, I made sure to tag along with them. Koolthai is in a somewhat sketchy part of town, just past the strip clubs and sex shops. No biggie though, some of the best Thai places in Vegas can be found in some of the shadiest parts of town (Commercial Center, I'm looking your way!). The interior of Koolthai makes you forget what you drove past to get there, thankfully. When I  arrived many of my galpals were already there, sipping Thai teas... Koolthai has no liquor license, so don't go there expecting to get a buzz on with your meal. The tea was delicious though, and our amazing server hooked us up with refills.  He was really on top of his game, and made sure we were well taken care of.  I don't do spicy, so I ordered the Koolgarlic stirfry. It was excellent. Sadly, I think most of the ladies I was with could not say the same about the food they ordered. Mushy noodles and low quality cuts of beef were two major complaints I heard from my dining companions.Overall, Koolthai is average. Worth a try, but don't expect too much.
5	this restaurant is closed, no longer in business
