5	Desert Nail Spa provides hygiene services at a low cost.This is the only place I go for my mani, pedi and eyebrow wax. They are all fairly priced.$11 for mani, $22 for pedi, $12 for eyebrow wax.It is Vietnamese-owned and the staff are very nice, especially the owner.
1	I had been here once before and I thought it was okay.. But since it's close I decided to try again and it was awful. The girl was not friendly at all and all she did was gossip with the other lady. I tried asking a question and she was rude. Then she was buffing my toe nails and buffed my skin. It hurt so bad and I had a a cut for awhile after. I would never go back ever.
4	New info- it's been 2 years since my original review and since then they have changed owners. I never had any issue with the other owners but the new owners have spruced up the place. There are brand new pedicure chairs. They are quieter and really nice. WOW. I know they were expensive. They also massage you like the old ones did. I have been going here for pedicures for several years. I don't have regular person but no matter who does the pedi I get a very consistent result. I usually never have to wait. I have taken friends as well and never been disappointed. Reasonable prices as well.
4	this place has new owners.  talk about an improvement.  No more screaming children.I got gel nails for the first time and LOOOOVE them.
3	$22 pedicure. Usually a wait. Not a huge selection of polishes. Clean, good massage and they color within the lines. Solid 3 stars.
5	I have been hopping from nail salon to salon trying to find a good place to go for my mani and pedis and I finally found it.   The staff at Desert Nail Spa are nice and everything is so clean.  They did a great job and will continue to get my return business.  :)
4	Good waxers.
5	I have been a DNS customer for over ten years, first at Scottsdale and now here, i won't go anywhere else but here...always the BEST Mani's/Pedi's/Acrylics/Gels...I constantly get asked who does my nails...what else can i say?  This location is under new ownership and it's lovely inside with new Spa Thrones....and the price are VERY reasonable....but the service and quality is worth twice what i pay!  I LOVE Lily for my nails!  She is AMAZING!
5	I just had my nails done here today for the first time. I had a very pleasant experience. I had a full set of pink and white done by Ken who is the owner. He took his time and paid attention to detail. The price was decent and it took about an hour. I paid $42. I've only ever had my nails done so well at one other salon that closed down years ago. I will definitely be a returning customer.
5	I have to say this is the best salon I've been to yet, when balancing good service, cleanliness, friendliness, color selection, and feeling pampered! I came, after working 19 straight days of 12-14 hour shifts, and left with beautifully polished toes and fingers. LOVED the massages too, esp the leg massage. They don't rush, and it really makes a gal feel like quite the princess. I will definitely be heading back.
5	I've been coming here for the past 4 years.The people that work here are very friendly and thorough. I've never gotten a bad pedicure or manicure here.They have an assortment of colors and designs that you can mix and match.Something that differentiates this place from others in the area is that the employees do not pressure you to upgrade your package.They give good consistent service every visit and have never disappointed me.I always get my money's worth here, no matter what.I would highly recommend coming here if you're looking for a new place to get amazing nail service.
1	Ugh, take back my previous review. My last gel mani lasted me 2 hours before cracking and denting. I removed it at home within 1 week of getting it done...pathetic. The job the lady did was horrific. Done with this place!!! Time to move on to more consistent places if I'm gonna spend the money on gel.
5	Desert Nail Spa is fantastic. I honestly don't know how these ladies (and gent) remember all of their customers by name and preference's. Lilly and Kim create flawless nails every single visit. The salon is always clean, tools are new, and the pedicure chairs are delightful. They are all so kind and that is why I along with my mom will continue to go to them for all nail needs. Can't say enough great things about Desert Nail Spa.
