5	Seriously, awesome is all I can say. Chef Chris is so funny and friendly and he makes awesome sushi and sashimi! I used to love sushi narita in this same spot but I must say he out does them, awesome screaming o, great tuna sashimi  , this will for sure be a weekly visit, check them out you won't be sorry!
2	Maybe it's just startup issues... Waitstaff, cook and  sushi chef were not on the same page. Lots of confusion. The nigiri sushi was okay - middle of the road. The new owners have spruced up the place from the previous owners. Just average.
4	I work like three seconds from this place, which is enough for me to visit it whenever. Thus I've been here a few times and have also ordered from them, so I feel like I'm now qualified to comment on it. First of all, yes, this is the same sushi place that was here before, but it's under a new name and management and the like. The decor is a lot nicer than it was before, but I kinda dislike going in and seeing the owner (I think it's the owner) coming in and trying to fix a sink. I get it, dude, you're bootstrapping... awesome. But maybe don't do that when the place is open for business? The price is alright: I think I paid $26 for AYCE, and I believe they offer an AYCD for an extra $6. I just get water, though, so I can't comment on the drinks. The service from the staff here has been consistently good. They're really good about making sure I'm not wanting water, more sushi, ginger... what have you. They clear my table quickly and are really polite. It's not necessarily five-star service, but they're good. The sushi chef, too, is good. Twice I've had service from the younger chef, but his name escapes me. He's really good when I don't know what I want about suggesting something I might like based on what I've gotten already, and is also a friendly dude. The older sushi chef is also good, though he's less of a talker and more of a doer. That's cool. The sushi here is good. The flavor of the stuff is solid, and some of the rolls (Surf Turf, Japanese lasagna) were really good. Having said that, the sushi isn't a home run. There's something missing that I can't place that keeps this place from going up a notch. It's good, but not great. I think this isn't the place you'd bring a date you were looking to impress in terms of quality/flavor alone. Ultimately, I think the food here is more along the lines of three stars, or maybe 3.5, but not quite a 4. I'm giving this place the benefit of the doubt with the four in hopes they grow into it.
5	The hostess/server at this sushi restaurant was super awesome. I can't remember her name but she was a really pretty girl and had a great personality. She interacts with the chef and the owners really well and it almost feels like a family in this restaurant.My husband and I both got the AYCE dinner and we were VERY pleased with the sushi. The CJ roll is probably my all time favorite sushi roll. It comes wrapped in cucumber and the yum yum sauce and sriracha on top is to DIE for. I think I ordered about 4 orders total (there are 4 pieces that come with the order). It's only been open for a couple months so it was pretty slow inside, but I have a feeling all of that will change once people give this place a try. We just moved to a new home that is down the street so I know that we'll be back - hopefully soon.AYCE dinner price: $25 (addt'l $6 for all you can drink)AYCE lunch price: $20
4	All you can eat 25.95
2	Honestly, I don't know if I will go back here. I walked in and there was nobody inside but the staff. We decided to do all you can eat and the waitress told us we could do half orders which I always like, you can try more and not have to worry about eating a lot of something that wasn't good. Halfway through our lunch though the sushi chef said "no more half rolls!" Is it so much harder to make a half portion or something. Like I said, we were the only ones in the restaurant so we definitely weren't adding to his blistering workload.Next the quality of the fish was questionable. The tuna poke had strands in it equivalent to the gristle, or cartilage, in meat. All the fish lacked flavor, had a poor texture and worst of all, everything was literally room temperature. That is the last thing you want when eating sushi. The staff worked slowly, again, only customers in the restaurant, the waitress offered no recommendations because "I don't eat sushi." Needless to say, I probably won't be going back even with all of their "eat here we are new" ploys and specials.
5	Great food! Great service! Additional $6 for all you can drink draft beer no other AYCE I know does that! They also have fresh wasabi which I LOVEEE!! Give it a chance, it'll definitely be worth it!
1	Unless you are just interested in AYCE and all U can drink Sapporo or Sake  ($6 extra bucks) keep driving down the road) This is it quality sushi. Rolls are skimpy and LOTS of rice. They give a disclaimer that Sushi means vinegar rice. Whatever...waaay too many places to choose from in LV to waste your money here.
1	Very very disappointed. I heard good things about this place from few people but i have not experienced any!First off. We walk in and its ghost town , then the server seats us and asks questions like we never seen or what sushi is , i was like ... Ok...  Being thorough but he kept going on like that all night.Now lets get to the sushi part , ok i ordered 4 sashimi and 1 roll to start  , took 15 min to get that quality was decent.Then i try ordering a deep fried soft shell crab roll and they told me it couldn't be done, they had this look as if i was from a different world , so i ended up with a cali tempura roll ... Batter and roll was super soggy and both me and my girl felt sick after we ate it Then comes the check !! I put 60 on a 46 dollar bill  and the server ask me if i wanted change ... Even if i was gonna tip  i dont think 14$ tip was expected from the service we got  and you dont ask that.
1	Me and my husband were trying this place out for the first time and we ordered through grub hub application for delivery. The food came to our house sooner than expected which was really nice however they had forgotten a couple of items on our order, by the time we realized this, the delivery guy was gone. So we called the restaurant stating the problem, she then explained that she will take my number and call me back so she can research the issue. She never called me back!! And we never got the rest of the food that we payed for! Horrible service and the food wasn't even that great, it was just ok. Never eating here again. Ya live n ya learn.
5	This place is great.  The sushi is well made, and the fish is not cut paper thin.  For an AYCE, you can't go wrong here.
4	I've lived here for 9 months, I go out to sushi at least once a week & this is one of the better places I've tried. Quality of sushi is really good! ...could have better service though. The music played wasn't annoying like other  places. However the lighting is too bright. Either way I'd come back.
1	At first, everything was going great. The sea weed salad & rainbow roll were both delicious. Then, I ordered the fried calamari... it tasted like rubber with a very slimy texture. Wasn't separated at all just one big ball of tempura. The salmon roll was warm. There was a bug crawling around my friends roll and they still charged us for everything. Cool art on the walls but I refuse to return.
4	Very good had deep fried roll, sashimi dish, and a pink ( strawberry ice cream thing that was amazing.) also yakatori. first off yakatori was really good the marinade was really good. sushi was really good and dipping sauce. the sasimi dish was really good also had fresh ginger witch was nice ( normally can tell fresh ginger from store bought.)and the ice cream let me say amazing. It was a strawberry ice cream that was in a freeze dried thing I am still not shure how it's done but omg I had 2 so good. The prices for sushi traditional or non traditional are very affordable compared to what I have seen here so far.I still cant for the life of me figure out the ice cream thing.
5	First visit, absolutely loved the sushi. Great portions, great price. Don't understand the bad reviews, it was definitely one of the better places I've been. Definitely plan on going again. Worth the price!
4	Food was good and the staff was super friendly, plus they only charged $5 per kid for the two four year olds to also have all you can eat, which is much better than the $16 per kid other places charge for the kids to eat a few bites of our food. Three adults and two kids for under $81 is not bad. Will definitely come again. :D
3	Service was so-so. They were receiving a delivery so that might have to do with it. Food was hot and fresh, but we did not do AYCE. The shrimp tempura was good, but the zucchini was a bit oily.
5	HOLY CRAP! Just ordered from here and this place has the best food. So fresh and delicious. They deliver and were super nice. Great place!
4	This place is convenient for me because it offers delivery service and is between my office and home. I've done both Delivery and AYCE. I will go back to this restaurant for both any time I can.Delivery service:I get the impression this is not their primary function. The driver I suspect is the owner, and he's nice enough. To be honest I try to make sure it's worth their time, and my delivery orders are almost always over $60. I use the eat24hours.com service to order. It's not the fastest service, the quoted time is 45-60 minutes, and I've have it delivered at 75 minutes once. When they are not busy I've received the order once at around 30 minutes. Overall I'm fine with this, as I said it's not their primary function. Infact some might consider delivery sushi a sin.Order process is a little limited. This isn't the fault of Arata, since we go through a 3rd party. They do follow notes and comments on rolls and upgrades.Presentation is always good. I order deep fried rolls they come hot and the taste is always great. Now with that in mind my hot rolls come packaged with cold rolls or sashimi. I can deal with luke warm fish. So normally it's not even a concern. I had have luke warm sashimi and I've re-chilled it for comfort before. They usually include extra sauces at my request on the notes. I dont have to pay extra for basic requests. Also they write the names of each roll on the packaging which is helpful for beginners.As for the quality this has also been great. Taste is amazing and the sauces are adequate, and not watered down. I've never felt shorted by different items. I have not really enjoyed crab, then again I avoid it where possible from ALL sushi restaurants so I can't fault Arata.AYCE service:Only done this once. It was pleasant and I had no issues. I sat at the bar and the service was quick and they provided everything I wanted. Taste as always is amazing. The chef I had was new he was a little unsure of himself, but the experience was fine, and he tried hard on the rolls. Which I deeply enjoyed the experience. There are other AYCE dinning options around and I try to branch out when possible.  Though there was nothing wrong with this location.I will do both services again. I am deeply thrilled with the delivery service.
3	I had a very good experience the first time I ordered. The second time was sadly disappointing considering my orders always range between 70-80 dollars each. The second time, my tempura was soggy and cold, very greasy. My sushi was not good and the portions were TINY. I ordered at 6pm and received the order 1hr 40 minutes later. I'm really disappointed.!i won't order from them again any time soon.
1	The sushi tasted old and they tried up selling me to a different item that had more sushi with it, so I accepted, but the sushi didn't taste delicious at all and my total ended up being 30 dollars for one item, an edamame and drinks.
1	Apparently they don't like to answer there phone or be open during their scheduled business hours. :(
1	I remember this place as Narita... And that was a good place.  Arata not so much. All I can say is I'm so sorry I stopped by here. The food was mediocre. I ordered a roll and chicken teriyaki. I know what chicken teriyaki is and what it tastes like. This was not chicken teriyaki. It was some kind of oil drenched fried chicken and I'm not sure if the pan that they used had been cleaned or if it was their version of chicken teriyaki but all I could taste was grease and garlic. I ended up eating the salad and leaving. I hope I don't get sick!
2	We were the only ones in the restaurant on a Sunday night yet each roll we ordered took 20-30 minutes to complete. We were also served water straight from the tap and had a very difficult getting ahold of a waiter/waitress. The food was good but I was not impressed with the overall experience.
2	We were the only ones there at 6:30 p.m. on a Tuesday night, although one person did stop in for one roll at the bar and left quickly.My son ordered AYCE and was very disappointed.  The rice was hard, and the color of the fish was off from what he has experienced before.  Except he did say the octopus was pretty good.I ordered vegetable tempura, and it was not very good and pretty a small portion for the price.  There was half a mushroom, a potato, an onion ring that wasn't even covered in batter, and two other things that were decent, like squash or something.  I also ordered a vegetable roll.  How can you screw that up, right?  When it came to the table, it looked great!  Very colorful.  But the rice was so thick and pasty, and the chef put seaweed into the roll, and it was not good at all.  Couldn't finish it.I felt bad for the people who worked there.  They were very nice.  But the food is not good, and the service was marginal for us being the only ones there.  Would not go back.  They need to step it up for sure.
4	I have eaten here many times. The rolls are quality and the prices reasonable. Too bad the other reviewers don't feel the same. I have always felt the service was fine. If you're looking for modestly priced sushi in the neighborhood this is the place.
