5	Office is very clean & staff was very helpful, knowledgeable & friendly! Prices are out of this World!
1	I decided to get the groupon hydro colonic therapy session. My boyfriend and I both went together. The man that worked there (not sure if its the owner or not) was very aggressive in his approach knowing this was our first time. The woman that walked out right before us had a mad look on her face and I kinda wondered why but thought maybe it was because she was embarrassed to walk out after having the procedure done. He proceeded to tell us what her issue was in detail also stating that he shouldn't be talking about other clients.. but... and continued to tell us her business. My boyfriend helped me to get ready for the procedure and when the man came back in he showed me what to do all the while filling me up with fluid. He stood there and kept talking as if he got a kick out of people getting their first fill out. I thought this was supposed to be private comfortable and relaxing. I was laying on the table with a sheet over me being filled with liquid needed to release so bad while this man keeps talking and talking in an aggressive but oddly amused tone. Finally he left to help my boyfriend but kept coming back to talk some more. Every time he did this I turned off the machine so that that I wouldn't keep filling up and need to release while he was in the room. Not getting the hint he would turn it back on, filling me up like he was waiting to see me release. It was very uncomfortable. Finally when it was over and I cleaned up and went into the waiting area..He tells me that I'm an unhappy person and kinda nodded to the room my bf was in as if i wasn't happy with him.. It was more that I was unhappy with the treatment I just received. He then proceeded to go into my bf room and tell him I was an unhappy person. He came out to check on the other people waiting telling him that my boyfriend was talking to long and he cant stand LINGERERS and now he was going to have to cancel his yoga appointment! He then called his yoga instructor in front of me and tell her how late he was going to be due to people taking to long. I was really looking forward to the experience to cleanse but I was never comfortable enough to relax fearing he was going to keep coming in, to allow my self to fill up enough to release. I would like to find somewhere else to and wouldn't go back here.So if there is anyone out there that is extremely comfortable with their self and don't might other people watching you essentially "take a huge shit" then by all means.. but if you are looking for a peaceful non high strung non aggressive situation DO NOT go there!
5	Chris is amazing - very open, intuitive & charismatic! He was spot on in my Theta healing session. I look forward to participating in his training sessions. I'll definitely be back for another Theta healing and would love a massage!
5	We absolutely love this place! I had been to several other colonic hydrotherapy centers here in town that I was unhappy with because I felt like it was all about the profit at those other places. I am SO happy to find Health Works! The prices are AMAZING and Chris is very helpful, intuitive, and knowledgeable about alternative health therapies. He really takes the time to work with you and honestly cares about what is going on with your health.
2	The owner was actually funny, nice and not mean what-so-ever. He was slightly "aggressive." But it didn't bother me. He simply has a bold personality I think. The only thing that bothered me was he came in the room without knocking or asking to come in while I was about to.... You know. Kind of uncomfortable and weird. Also the floors weren't clean like you would hope they'd be. Not horribly dirty, but noticeably dirty. I bought a groupon to come here. Won't be coming back.... Try this place if its cheaper than most. Otherwise go somewhere else that's more professional.
1	**STAY AWAY - PAY MORE FOR CLEANER, SAFER, FRIENDLY CLINIC**Owner, Chris Marquez is a very loud, rude and a mean person.I went for a colonic on Wednesday, May 8th at 4:45pm.  I called the morning of to confirm my appointment as they did not call.  Chris said I could come earlier I explained (as I had the day I made my appointment that I did not leave work until 4:30pm), Chris said, "oh' that's right, that's why we have to stick around."  When I arrived Chris began asking me questions regarding my water and meal intake.  As I provided the requested information Chris began to talk very loudly (close to yelling), telling me I'm drinking water the wrong way at the wrong times, using flaxseed the wrong way, eating wrong, breathing wrong, etc. Chris said over and over that he is 47 years old and has been in the "business" for 12 years and he knows what he is talking about and to listen to him!  He asked me over and over, "do you understand, do you get what I am saying" (I felt as if he believed me to be a complete idiot).  His voice was very loud, his body language was extremely threatening and he was simply rude and mean.  Chris is so mean that by the time I finally got to the colonic room (about 30 minutes later) I broke down and cried.  I cried so badly his receptionist gave me a hug and said, "I'm sorry, he is rude, but he is good at what he does."    This was after being told (by Chris) my "chi" was off and I must have emotional issues, so that is why I have bowel problems and I need to discuss this with my therapist (which I've never had).  This is after I may have actually been able to say 10 words during the 30 minute conversation.The building has a terrible smell of cigarettes.  The facility is dirty and very unsanitary.  I do not and would never recommend this place to anyone...not even a foe.  No one should ever have to experience what I had with Chris.His words really hurt me and I pray he learns not to speak to paying customers (or anyone) this way.
1	I saw their add on groupon and wanted to buy it. I had a few questions so I tried calling them. Called for 2 days and nobody picked up the phone once. Glad I decided to check the reviews here before I bought the groupons.
1	Bought the groupon, been calling for 3 days now. No one ever answers or returns messages.
5	I have to say, my experience was fantastic. I bought a Groupon for 2 Colonics sessions.  Pleasantly, when I first arrived I realized immediately this place is much more.  Chris the owner offers a very spiritual place for healing and a wellness center.  He has a great open personality and warm demeanor. We had a long conversation about all the services he offers and what got me the most excited is his knowledge about Theta Healing and balancing of Chaka Energy. Chris has a high vibrational energy and is capable to guide and teach his knowledge in a safe manner.  This Colonics experience was just the bonus.  The "Pearl" was to meet Chris and learn all what he has to offer as a Wellness Center.  I will continue to return for a lot more varied sessions and invite my friends to join me too.
5	Today, I was treated to one of the BEST experiences since returning to Las Vegas in late November!  No stranger to colon hydrotherapy, I felt it was time to find a local place and book an appointment.  Being the Groupon addict that I am, I searched for colonics and found a 2 appt package for Health Works.  I read the Yelp reviews before purchasing my Groupon and noticed something ...odd; the reviews read as though Chris, the owner, was either Satan or could walk on water without it being frozen first.  I decided that, in this one case, Yelp would be of no real value in making my determination.  I took advantage of the Groupon offer and scheduled my first appointment for today.  I will readily admit, I went in with some trepidation.  On the way to his clinic, I was literally on the phone with one of my best friends "practicing" what I would say if Chris exhibited the widely Yelped "aggressive behavior".  Chris was welcoming and charming; his clinic/spa is warm and inviting; any concerns about cleanliness (as Yelped about) were quickly allayed when I saw the room I was in, as a matter of fact, *I* took the instruments out of the sterile and unopened packaging!  Despite having had colonics in the past, Health Works' equipment is top of the line and state of the art so I was honestly a little intimidated.  Chris explained everything about the equipment, the benefits of the type of colonic they offer and was both patient and respectful of my questions.  The session was peaceful, relaxing and PRIVATE!  Because of their equipment being COMPLETELY automated, I didn't feel obligated to try to carry on an awkward conversation with someone holding a hose shooting water up my bum!  There is no possible way to do your session incorrectly, trust me...I'd have found a way if there were!  Chris is a truly spiritual person who seems to want to heal others, I believe this IS hi calling!  He respectfully asked if he could read my Chaka points.  He immediately sensed my issues, my restrictions and started explaining Theta healing to me...AS he was healing me!  I am a skeptical person, but I must admit, 8 hours after getting home I feel more at peace than I have in a long time!  Chris has offered to continue healing me and I cannot wait for next week's appointment!  Colonics are nothing new, nor scary, for me.  I have Celiac Disease, I am used to having to go through colon hydrotherapy.  For once, I am counting the days until my next appointment!  I am so glad that I thought for myself and booked my appointment; had I been swayed by the negativity posted about Health Works, I would have missed out on such a positive experience!  How often can you say, "Crap brought me a gem!" ?Thank you, Chris!
5	Reading the bad reviews for Heath Works makes me sick to my stomach. I have been to almost all colonic business in Las Vegas, but I enjoyed this one the most. Chris is wonderful! He is very passionate about his work and wants to help the people who want to help themselves. So buying a Groupon  for one visit is not helping yourself. Sadly it just sounds like you are chasing the "fad" colonics! Funny all the bad reviews are from Groupon cheapos!
4	I bought the groupon for two colonics. My first appointment went well. I showed up early and they took me straight back into the room and showed me how to use everything. The women at the front desk was friendly and checked on me multiple times to make sure everything was ok. My second time I had a great conversation with the owner. He is very knowledgable and friendly about living a healthy lifestyle. The only thing I wished they would have done, that's why they're getting 4 out 5 stars, is they could inform you in how to eat before and after a colonic. If you are going to get a colonic done, read up online on pre and post procedures.
5	Chris is amazing! He truly cares about his clients from root to crown! He gave me advice on many health topics and showed me genuine care. Cant wait to see him for my 2nd appointment today!
