3	Late night mini golf is fun but not incredibly fun -- I think my lack of complete enthusiasm stems from no longer being a middle schooler.  Still, bonus points for very convenient hours through midnight (gotta start golfing by 11).
3	Ten years ago, I would have told you that this was a kickass first date spot for someone that you were really into, or if you weren't sure, it was still cool because you could go on a big group date. I thought I was pretty smooth when I was fifteen. Now, I still contend that mini-golf can be a great way to hang out with someone or a group, as can roller coasters, but I probably wouldn't use the word "kickass" about C-n-C (or anything else, for that matter, since I'm not a freshman in high school anymore).Along with Metro Center, Castles and Coasters is not as great an area as it used to be, but it doesn't take away from the fact that a huge selection of video games, mini golf and roller coasters still have their place. It's just not quite as often anymore.
4	Good fun and games. The 4th star is simply becuase there is no other place to ride a "real" roller coaster in Arizona. And they are pretty fun.But. I am not really into gangs of juvi drop-outs spewing the f-bomb playing alongside my five-year-olds. Call be prejudice. If this doesn't bother you, then C & C will probably fit your amusement park-needs.
3	It's Six Flag's little sister!;DStill some fun,gets boring after a while.
2	I went about 2 weekends ago for the first time with my husband and a few friends, all adults that do not have kids. I was very shocked at the price of admission and games, being that Castles N Coasters has very few rides and a so-so mini golf area. The atmosphere was mixed, children playing along side adults. I would almost have peed my pants when I saw how many wonderful arcade games there were inside the two-storied gaming area, but then I got a whiff of the odor.......something of a mix of B.O. and feet? In addition, I was doing great on 2 different games, still on my first 2 credits on each, when kids literally pushed me out of the way, exclaiming it was their turn!!!! If you are like me and my group, childless with little patience for kids, this is not the place for you. Splurge on the more adult friendly Jillian's and grab a beer for me there while you're at it. On the other hand the food was cheap and descent and, the kids seem to love this place. There must be something to it, right?!
3	The best place to skip work and goofy golf in the spring and summer. Sure, it's a little musty, old, run-down... but it's a slice of my childhood and at least it's still here. I can't gather the courage to ride the roller coaster anymore and bumper cars just aren't as appealing as they once were but the two story arcade still makes me squeal a little.The golf is great too! I would suggest playing courses one through three. The last two times I've been we played course four and three and four has the least amount of attractions. Courses one and two are busiest, so it's a choice between being stuck behind a bunch of kids or some really un-fun holes.Oh, and they do have a black and white photo booth.
3	Man this place was the SHIT when I was a youngster!! Now... this place IS shit! I don't know where it happened. I think it may have been the deteriorating of Phoenix's youth or what have you. I will be honest in saying that I haven't been to this place in quite sometime, but I still like to remember the good ol' days on the water log rides and on the small lil coaster my mom would allow me to ride. and the times when I snuck away from my mom to ride the big desert storm. and keeping her away from the pictures taken of passengers mid loop as they were displayed on lil tv screens near a makeshift giftshop. The food never stuck out to me, so I really can't review it. But I know that for a while, when it was still new and well-ran. This was a nice place. It was small but compact so it felt like excitment was just around the corner. But now, it feels small and compact, like there's so many people around you just want to scream just so you can have some personal space. I don't really like the whole thing with different types of kids playing with the games hogging them and you gotta fight them for a turn. I've never been one for golf but I still ilke to get my Tiger Woods on once in a great while. I don't really think this is a nice date place anymore. It's too ghetto. I think this is a place you take your long-term someone special. Like when all the magic is gone and the honey moon is OVER so ya'll are alright to just show up and kick some lil high schooler's ass to to get the go-cart you've been eyeing the entire time you've been in line!But still go!  Have fun, assert yourself and your spot in line and the dibs you called. And dude... TOTALLY play golf course #2, it's the best! :D
4	I wouldn't consider this place an "amusement park" but I would consider it far beyond your typical mini golf and arcade spot. This place does actually have a number of rides and a roller coaster. It's a one of a kind place in Arizona and its pretty easy to get to being in Phoenix and all. The Mini Golf course was a great deal of fun and they have a multi leveled arcade complete with all the grown-up favorites like air hockey and skee ball. Plenty to do, nothing too expensive, can't go wrong coming here on a nice day for a little fun.
5	I hate this place, but since they have the only roller coaster in the state... (FAIL!) - they get 5 stars, because folks... this is as good as it gets. Here, at least.It's an amusement park, sort of, if your idea of amusement involves waiting in line for 20 minutes with a gang of pint-sized thug-wannabees. On the other hand, it's fun to use your adult driving skillz to put the pedal to the medal and smoke their asses on the go-cart race track. Brakes? I don't need no stinkin' brakes. I mean, seriously - I outran and lost a police helicopter on the 51, I don't need brakes on a go-cart. (See my review if the 51 for details... True story.)The roller coaster is actually fun, and the line is typically short because the entrance is nearly impossible to find. If this place had any competition, I'd give it a 2... But I go back, anyway, because they don't.
1	EEEW NO! THIS PLACE IS SUPER, MEGA TACKY! WAY GHETTO! When My son was younger (6) he asked me to take him there, I did! And OMG we both hated it! And we tried it a second time when my girlfriend had a bday party for her son and It was just horrible. The people that go there are all shady looking, I'd say a dangerous crown. This place is NO FUN! And It's a scary crowd. yukky!
2	Roller coaster is the only real reason to come here.  Other rides are just ok, and the miniature golf is actually decent as well.  Arcade has a lot to choose from as well.Problem is that this place is unsafe.  There's gang-types all around you, including the parking lot.  Will I get shot?  Does he have a gun?  And to top it off, you're looking at $20+ to have a good time here, and they sandwich you between the option of getting the all you can ride option, or pay per ride (both seem like too much $ for what you get).
4	I'm giving Castles N Coasters 4 stars for their mini-golf.Four separate courses, plenty of creative greens & hazards, lots of decorations, statues, structures, fountains, everything that makes up a good miniature golf course. Oh, and did I mention they have 4 different courses?Once your done with some tiny golf, cool off with some video games, pinball or skeeball inside their gaming area.The rides don't interest me, so this rating & review ignores their "amusement park" aspect completely.
4	We celebrated my girl's momentous occasion here last Saturday. Her 7th birthday shit I'm getting old!!! I am here to forewarn you about having parties here so listen up or in this case keep reading! Arrive with cake...check! Got shown to where the secret bat cave entrance was...a mile long walk on sidewalk w kids a cake and Metro Parkway traffic all within arms reach. Try not to have a an acute myocardial infarction. When you finally make it to the secret birthday entrance you will find that YES they can store your cake for you till party time. (Phew good thing!)Guest arrival...check! They also have to find the secret entrance and No they can NOT hold gifts for you till party time as  "they aren't responsible" (this made me wonder about cake being safe hmmmm)"Please don't eat the cake or worse throw it on the ground!!!"Sea Dragon was inop as well as Logride so the price was tad cheaper that was good news. The party room smelled like a boys locker room and the party helpers will butcher your cake. I suggest cake cutting lessons for these girls or cut it yo damn self!!! You get personal pizza's cheese or pep for each guest, pop and ice cream. The pizzas were better than expected for my taste and all the adults seemed pretty content even though there was no beer. They did have cappuccinos and hot chocolate for sale not bad either I wasnt there long enough to try anything else. The game castle is always fun, mini golf doesn't impress me much but to other humanoids this seems to be a favorite past time of sorts. FYI The Desert Storm no longer takes your picture so bring your own camera or phone and try not to lose it and/or a shoe on rides k. Long story lol.All in all I prob wont have another party here for my kid but I don't mind stopping by with her for a few hours. There is hardly a wait time if your early and you can make a few good rounds quickly before all the ghetto riff raff wake up and get there with all of Bebe's kids!!! The rides are great for what they are here in this barren amusement state I guess. I'm from Cali and nothing compares let's get real AZ you ain't even tryin!!
3	OK I went to this place for their photobooth hoping for a old school film one but alas, they only have a digital photobooth :(
4	We had a great time this Sunday. We rode every ride they had several of them over and over again without having to get out of our seats. All the rides were fun, clean and seemed well maintained. The staff was generally all pretty cool. They didn't seem to over love their jobs but who would. The price seemed a bit high but we used a coupon to get $5 off each full day pass and it was only $87 for 4 of us. Not TOO much more then seeing a 3D movie but lasts ALOT longer.
4	Nothing else like it in AZ.  All of the rides are good.  Kids can spend the whole day here.  Love that on school vacations it is dead and there is no wait for any of the rides.Got lucky last time and went on a day that it was sprinkling.  We had purchased the all day ride and golf wristband.  The rain policy is a coupon for 1/2 off your next visit.  We did the rides for about 5 hours.  Then we decided to ask for the coupons which they gladly offered as it was sprinkling.  Then we golfed one round and went home.  Great day.Can't wait to go back on the next school break and use our coupons.
2	i first checked out the website before going here, and the website gave me the impression this place was something waayy different from what it actually is. Total let down, i was expecting to ride some good rides, when actually this place is for kids.. i mean little kids. Only two rides you can consider adult friendly, and still were not all that impressive. the one big roller coaster is alright, but really short and the "Flyer' is probably their best attraction. Would i go back?? prob not unless i took kids..if you have kids they would love it though.
3	This is pretty much all you got here in AZ, I guess.  And for that kinda big but still small fun, it does its job.I can honestly say that in the midst of the fun with the kids that I somewhat forgot I was in a small place in Phoenix.  It has a big amusement park feel because of the layout and of course the sounds of rides everywhere.  The atmosphere actually hits the mark.Adults CAN have fun here if they don't take things too seriously or expect too much.  This isn't Cedar Point.  This is a big permanent carnival, minus the house-o-fun.  And you're not going to get high-end rides here.  So as long as you go in knowing that this is going to be a "eh, good enough" type ordeal, you'll be good.The big coaster is decent but over very quickly.  Two loops and a high speed makes it fun while it lasts though.  Again, if you're trying to compare this to something like The Millennium Force...or even The Magnum, you're going to hate it.  Cut the place some slack, its not able to be a big dog like that.Once you're done with that, its downhill in terms of thrills.  They have the Skydive ride that drops you straight down from a high height...can make mom scream, I guess.  The line moves quickly so its worth a go.  Everything else is low thrill, decent fun, and mostly for the younger kids.  Your go-karts are slower than they need to be, but I guess for the younger kids' sake, that's how they keep it.  Bumper cars are bumper cars.  Bumper boats is ordinary with a nice little island thingy to mess around with.  Karts and boats lines moved terribly slow.I didn't visit the arcade...dunno how that happened.Mini golf was pretty fun.  Well designed courses and decently upkept.  Very nice scenery.Food was terrible.  I mean it.  Oh man.  Had a gyro...it had ranch and hot dog onions on it.  Not ok.  Fries were bad.  Churro was horrible.  Even the lemonade should've been thrown in the garbage.  And the wait was ridiculous.  One lady waited at least 20 minutes for some burgers or something.  My cuz mentioned the nacho chips were crap.  An old lady started swearing loudly after she bit into her chili dog, then she body slammed a small child.  Kidding.But is it a good time?  Yes.  Take your kids.  They will have PLENTY to do.  And go with a group of 8 riders or more...you get a substantial discount...unless that is only on certain weekends.  Ask the cops who stand outside to guide the lines (yes, its that crowded on Saturdays).  Speaking of staff - everyone actually had a decent attitude...no smarmy kids who showed that they hate their job.We paid about $15 bucks for all day passes and a round of golf after we gathered up 8 riders.  Otherwise, its like $26 for that same package.  Check the website for accurate pricing.  Too expensive?  Well I mean its either this that has a lil' roller coaster, or CrackerJacks, Fiddlesticks, Amazing Jakes or...thats about it.  Yeah you get a buffet at Amazing Jakes for less - so I guess thats the only competition.Oh..and I read about how the 'shady' crowd seems to hang out here.  I didn't see anything like that at all...and this was a Saturday.  Its just young people.  The same 'kind' that you see anywhere else.  Don't let any of those types of comments put you off from going here.  No one's gonna shank you.
4	My kids love this place.  It gets them hours of entertainment - rides, arcade, golf.  It's a little like going to the fair or a carnival, but some of it's indoors - important in the summer.On our most recent visit, my 11yr old and I were wanting to play some video games. Originally we planned to go to GameWorks, but thats about 35 miles from us. Castles n Coasters is maybe 10 miles and the best arcade I know of west of I-17.  We started out with a round of golf since we were there.  I think $8 per golfer is a bit steep, but that's what I get for not coupon hunting beforehand.  We were bad and didn't keep score, didn't keep to one course and we had a blast on a relatively cool July evening.  We got there after 8pm on Wednesday night - it wasn't crowded at all - and they're open until midnight.  Apparently Wednesday nights are Unlimited Gaming nights. They have a DJ from 95.1 radio station (Latino hip-hop or pop?) and ran a $10 3hr block from 7-10pm where you can just hammer the arcade games.  Since we arrived late and golfed first we missed that boat. I will try and remember to come back on a Wednesday though.  Seems like a great deal for $10.  With our $10 we played a lot of pinball, air hockey and other arcade games.  Note: So many of these arcade games are old - like from the early days of this place.  Classic Donkey Kong and Tron games. Serious?  People were playin' them tho!We've been here before and raced, ridden the roller coasters, the viking boat swing, bumper boats and pretty much everything they've had for years.  NEW TO THE PARK are a ZipLine and a Cable Climb or walk or whatever it is.  These are new and modern and popular.  Still no lines on a Wednesday night.We've also been here on Saturday nights with a DJ. Those nights seem to draw the crowd associated with those radio stations.  If its not your music its probably not your crowd.  There have been times I've not enjoyed the music nor the crowd, but I have no real complaints.  Just not my music or my crowd.  The crowd can appear harder than a Scottsdale crowd, but this isn't in Scottsdale.  Knowhatimean?  It's all good - and safe.  I always see a couple officers on foot and couple more out in the parking lot.Bottomline: after 30 years or so, this place is still a draw for kids of all ages.  It's not Disneyland!  I doubt it's even 1% the size but its the biggest amusement park in Arizona and its plenty of fun!
3	Took the wife for a round of mini golf and we had a blast. What a great date idea even at the ripe young age of 25. Secretly though I wanted to run to my trunk and grab my ping putter out so I could beat my wife by at least 20 strokes. The little rubber putters did their job but as a real golfer its TORTURE! We played course 1 of 2, and honestly a lot of the holes were straight uphill so pin level accuracy sometimes lead to the ball stopping and rolling back at you faster than it left your putter. I would have given it four stars because I saw a guy get stuck on the zipline for 30 minutes at a halt over the course, but some of the hole in the course did not function correctly (the ball would get stuck) and honestly I don't think everyone that was playing could comprehend numerical orders with the holes so we had to wait a few times for people playing the course backwards, sideways, and upside down. The arcade was legit, and had plenty of pinball, shooters, and street bike games to satisfy any hunger. Worth your time yes, but now that the wife is trying gold we can put put by the range for free with real putters :)
2	I've been to a much nicer amusment park or even just a fair. $25 for unlimited rides that open at 6pm-11pm for me sound like a ripped off. The rides are kinda lame. This place is poorly designed. They're trying to fit as much in such a small space. The wait for rides aren't long at all I guess that's a good part. It's so sad that Phoenix is a big city but this is all we've got.
4	FUN! it's like a really nice carnival with more rides and games! The arcade section was huge!
4	It had been years since I played a round of mini golf.  I had been to Metro Mall a few times but payed not attention to the attraction sharing a parking lot.  Word of mouth was not very good and the place was described as "ghetto Six Flags" a few times.  It came up, however, in a discussion about mini golf and was told they had a nice course.I rounded up two friends and we gave it a whirl.  We played course one and had a great time.  Many of the holes were similar but it was still fun and at times frustrating (which always adds to the experience). Afterward I scoped out the arcade.  If you love pinball you need to check this place out.  Castles-n-Coasters has the biggest selection I have seen in one place.  They also had a nice collection of newer and older arcade games.  X-Men and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were the standouts.  Great memories playing those games as a kid.The rides looked like typical carnival type and mostly for kids (not shocking).  I'm content with the mini golf and arcade.I will be back.
4	OK, I have driven by this place many times. Finally stopped by with family to play miniature golf. Place is immaculate, very impressed. The golf courses, four of them, were well maintained and provided challenges. Highly recommend!!
1	it only has a few rides. the park is old and needs to be redone. there are no rides for kids which is a big issue for me. the bathrooms are so disgusting its pathetic. to much chaos. nay as well take the time to go somewhere better. i think its over priced for the little that they do have. it should only cost five dollars for locals.
4	My friends and I like to come here for the old school arcade games. They have a huge selection of games on two levels. We go crazy competitive on the basketball hoop game and I must also brag that I can beat anyone in Mortal Kombat. It's no Six Flags, but it serves its purpose. Fun little rides for some entertainment that bring us back to our childhood.
4	Alright, minigolf! Four different courses of mini golf, and rides! It's kind of crappy they don't offer individual rides but they do have a discount of buy one get one free if you're a AAA member. Badass! $4 a piece for minigolf? I say YES! Unfortunately, the balls get stuck quite often. Annoying? Yes. But the courses are great and it's a lovely way to blow some time and have some fun with friends. I took a friends kid here for some games and he seemed to have a blast. If you make a day out of it, I suggest taking your children and getting a package deal. Take water with you (it's not cheap at the facility), bring some snacks and tucker those kids out so they will fall into bed. They even have a zip line!
2	I had more fun at the Arizona State Fair and paid a lot less.That about sums it up !
4	I like this place because I live by it!! Mini golf is so cute here! Also a hanging obstacle course and zip lining yay for the best attractions. Get a discounted ticket at bashes for under $18 or pay full price at $25 does not include mini golf tho! Free parking across the street from metro mall.
5	Great fun. Great rides , and the usual crowd here isn't as scary as golfland. Police on duty at all times in the park and arcade. Best to go after summer and before winter , when it's 70 degrees out with the sun.
3	.Fun mini golf. Classic Arcade.. A nice throwback to the old days of spending quarters playing Area 51. Prices for the games weren't too bad either....
2	This place is definitely geared toward kids. "What amusement park isn't?" you might ask, and I'd be inclined to agree...but when I say "kids" I mean *little* kids. The most exciting ride there is one where you ride a log up a track and it comes down and gets you slightly wet. The coasters are about 30 seconds long and about as scary as driving on I-17; the more tame of the two, called "The Patriot," gives you two go-rounds in one sitting, but that's not really any consolation.Most of the other stuff is pretty stock, from the arcade to the low-quality food. Only odd thing I noticed is that the park is "branded" by RC Cola as opposed to Coke or Pepsi; not that I care which multinational corporation is being shoved in my face on every cup, banner, and trinket, just found it odd that such an off-brand dominates this place- should have been some indication of the park's lacklusterness.Unless you have brats the age where they like about anything (8 and under), I'd say save your 20+ bucks a head and wait till you have the funds to go to a real park, or the fair comes to town.
4	Although in Metrocenter which has really gotten run down over the years, Castle & Coasters (or Golf & Stuff if you are as old as me and remember when they changed the name with the new outdoor rides) is pretty cool place to take your kids between the age of 8-12.  The mini golf is fun but you will most definitely get lost in the many different courses (big deal, its still fun), the roller coaster is cool, the bumper boats, bumper cards, and golf carts are just awesome if you don't mind waiting in line, the new clothes line is cool but my 9 year old was to short.  They have a 2 story obstacle course that is safe for kids but a fun challenge that my son loved more after he did it.  There is a smaller coaster in the back for younger kids which is nice if you bring a 5-7 year old that doesn't want to go on the scary coaster.  The game center is really old and looks the same as it did 20 years ago when I used to go.
4	I have to say that the last time I visited Castles N Coasters was a much better experience than the time before. This last time I went with my kids for my son's birthday, CnC was cleaner, the employees were friendlier and more helpful, and we had a better experience overall. There are coupons in the Entertainment Book, and CnC isn't exactly cheap so definitely use those if you go. The arcade is nicer, with more modern selections but also keeping the classics upstairs. If all you want to play is modern arcade games, Dave and Busters is probably a better value for the money, but we were pleased.I really wish they would expand, as I have heard rumors of them taking over some real estate that belongs to the dying mall nearby.Also wishing they had an elevator inside for wheelchair/stroller accessibility.Still, for a city that doesn't exactly have a "theme park" this isn't a bad place by any means.
5	Awesome selection of old school arcade games and pinball machines upstairs.  I love it.
1	I have lived in Phoenix for several years, but have never been to Castles N' Coasters until this past week. I must say that driving by the arcade has always intrigued me a bit so my husband and I decided to go in. There was ample handicap parking, and it the parking lot wasn't packed indicating it was not very busy so that was nice!Upon entering the arcade, I was immediately disappointed. This is because there is an upper level in the arcade as well as a lower level. Seeing this, we quickly looked for a ramp or an elevator, but there was none to be found. Instead, there were several sets of stairways and unfortunately all of the games I wanted to play like Skeeball and Connect 4, were either up or down stairs. i was in my power chair so my husband could not carry me the chair. Plus the stairs are numerous and steep.I  realize this is an older place, but if they have the money to purchase newer games like Fruit Ninja and Doodle Jump, they could put in an elevator. In a few years,  when my daughter is older, I'd like to be able to take her here and actively participate. All in all, the games I could play were fun and reasonably priced and it does seem like a fun place. However, I was blown away by their blatant lack of accessibility for all!
4	I have been to CnC a couple of times, most recently for my son's birthday.Let me break this down.Overall, I was extremely pleased, they have cleaned it up in a major way. The bathrooms are nicely done, the employees are a lot nicer, and it seems much brighter and just in general cleaner. I don't feel like I have to shower in Clorox when I leave.Now sections:Golf - They have 4 mini golf courses and they are a lot of fun. They are taken care of as much as one really can, and my husband and I would still love to take a date night and go play a round of golf at CnC.Rides/Attractions - They have added a few more attractions and then of course they have old Faithful Desert Storm. It appears they have the rides in good working order, and keep the lines moving quickly for them (you wont find me on a roller coaster SORRY) but my sons absolutely loved going on the rides here.Arcade - Much more up to date than last time I was here. Cleaner, games are a lot more fun, and they have a card redemption system which I am pleased with. It looses 1 major star for not being wheelchair accessible (or stroller accessible) you want to go upstairs? SORRY. No elevator.Employees - Every employee I dealt with was knowledgeable and friendly I was pretty pleased.Clientele - For the most part it is a bunch of families or kids having a good time. However there are a few people shaking down machines because they think its funny or they think they will win something....juvenile, if I could tell CnC something it would be keep a closer eye on the people you have running around as clients, it doesn't appear you are hurting for business, it wouldn't hurt to ban a couple of thugs now and again. (Keeps your bathrooms untagged too!)
4	We had a great time at Castles & Coasters!!We played a round of mini golf with the kiddos, and they enjoyed it to the fullest. But our favorite was the racing carts, that is such a fun-filled activities to do with the little ones, it was exciting and different!The arcade was full with fun games you play for tickets, which are now digital, and are added to the card that you buy along with your credit.We'll be back to play more at the arcade, to race carts, try the roller coaster and also to do the bumper boats!!
4	I had avoided going to Castles N'Coasters for many years based on the reputation it has had of being a haven for misfits, gang members, and otherwise annoying guests. I was pleasantly surprised to see that this reputation is not at all what I experienced at CnC. While it was not without it's challenges, it was overall a very nice experience. Pros:Cool rollercoastersFun golf experienceFriendly and Courteous staffCons:Not enough staff to handle the crowdsNot enough staff to handle a private party AND maintain the general public's needs. I can see where the tightly squeezed in rides might make it difficult to navigate around the narrow park if it were a crowded day. Further, it was strange and a bit unsettling that the rides were manned by only 1 staff person. For safety sake, there should be two sets of eyes checking for properly buckled guests. Plus it would sure make the lines run faster. Finally, if you are going to offer an unlimited pass-it should include the zip line. It is a pricey day though to come here so if you are able to find a coupon--I recommend it highly. But, all in all, a nice day and I'm looking forward to going back with my son and nieces.
4	Great fun & totally surprised. Great family fun!
4	I wanted to go play some mini golf and basically had 3 options close to me. A childhood memory of playing mini golf here made me want to check it out again since I hadn't been here in probably around 15 years. I had heard of this place as getting dirty and "ghetto" from other people so I was a little reluctant.To my surprise it was clean, I felt safe, there were lots of families there, and there were lots of other couples out for a date night playing mini golf. We had a blast, the courses were just as cool as I had remembered them being, and it was a great night out doing something different then the normal dinner and a movie date night. There were surprisingly a lot of 20's-30's couples playing on the course, in fact that was mostly all I saw playing mini golf.After mini golf we played some games in the arcade. There was a photo booth to capture our night which I LOVE! I also won a giant soccer ball out of the giant claw machine!If you're looking for something fun to do, skip Scottsdale, and go to Castles N' Coasters to play some rounds of mini golf and challenge your honey to a game of giant Connect Four!
4	We went on a Saturday night in early May. It wasn't too crowed, but there was a good crowd there. A few of the rides were closed. I found out that I'm a screamer on the big coasters, and since I had to take my glasses off I just kept my eyes closed.I also learned that I am not cool enough to drive a bumper boat. We didn't play golf or really take advantage of the arcade. We got in on a group deal so the price wasn't too bad, and I felt that the snack bar was reasonably priced as well. We decided that we would come back again.
1	I brought my autistic 6 year old son here to play a game and win prizes. Instead I watched numerous prize games win and then malfunction. This upset my son because he knew he won. I talked to arcade tech and he said that is what the game does. The supervisor refused to refund unused money. This company has no morals.
4	Went here for a first date - It's got a lot of cool games, air hockey, arcade games, on multiple levels... felt like a little kid spending my allowance.. only this time I had a super smokin hot girl with me... so best of both worlds!Outside they have a variety of really cool rides, a better than your average carnival and a mini golf course which looks really cool at night all lit up -- it's fairly affordable, depending on what you are wanting to do... The place is pretty clean compared to what I expected, as it was my first time here... I'm definitely planning to go back, hopefully with the same girl ;)
5	A friend surprised me with a trip here one day... I decided to try out their Silver Admission cuz they had a check-in offer. OMG so much fun!!For less than half the price of going to a big 6 flags or something, you can get most of the same stuff here with rarely any lines. When I went in the evening, there were NO lines. Honestly, with the amount of time wasted at big parks in lines, you get SOOO much more here. Water rides, coasters, arcade, HUGE mini golf course (I only got half way...) and a zip line. I felt like I was a kid again.
5	We've done the amusement park, it was pretty fun, but we like to come here for the arcade. I can put just 10 bucks on a card, and my husband, the kids, and I can be here all afternoon playing the quarter arcade games. The last time we went with 20 dollars on the card and we played whatever the kids wanted, with the intention of adding more game time. But the 20 bucks lasted us 3 hours, so we decided to call it a day after we were done.This is always a cool, chill place to go burn off some time and treat the kids to some fun.
5	Took my daughter and her friend out to CNC and they had a blast! The staff was great and the lines weren't long at all.
4	Awesome place to go if you want small thrills for a great price. I happened to take my nieces here when it was a scorching hot day so we didn't enjoy it as much as we would have had it been cooler. We tried the roller coaster first and didn't want to stop riding. It was a fast ride, but super fun! The only thing I recommend is holding on when going through the loops, the centrifugal force kicks a LOT. Or, it could be it felt worse because I'm not young like I used to be when I rode roller coasters like it was my job. Fun, fun!We also rode the swinging boat ride and it also was super awesome. The wind felt good on this super hot day, too. Ride at the very ends, much more fun!My nieces rode the zip line and thought it was really awesome. It's time consuming to get the harness on and to get to the top, but they thought it was well worth it.The staff here is great. They're really helpful and have awesome attitudes. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because they don't have any areas to sit and cool off except right by a door that just sweeps the hot air in over you every time it opens. Not refreshing, pretty painful, actually.This is a great place to take kids at a reasonable price. We really loved it.
3	This was the hang out when I was a teen. I see they have made some great improvements and have invested to keep the place up. I played a round of mini golf with my cousin. It was bloody hot and humid, even at 9pm.  Storms were rolling around the valley and it was really uncomfortable outside.  We raced through the game, knowing the air conditioning game room awaits.  I wish they would do something about the holes on the course.  Many were disgusting and you had to reach your hand down into them to fish out your ball. A grate or cup would be in order and an easy fix.  I was afraid of pulling y hand out to find a scorpion or something. Once off the course, we went inside for the arcade.  Most of the lower level games were BS high dollar games for tickets.  They need to have a worker paroling the gaming area.  Some shady stuff going on and more lounging in the air conditioning, on games, than actually playing the games. Cops were paroling the park itself, I guess, as just making rounds, but pretty thuggish (still) inside.  It made me realize why there were no tables or resting areas. Too much allure for trouble. Go, have fun, keep to yourself and your group, but always keep an eye open for the people around you.  Welcome to Phoenix!
4	Well let's see. I have been going to C&C ever since I was a wee lass and not much has changed. My cousins and I spent countless summer days at this "theme park"   Not sure what the theme is aside from old and rickety. Haha. That seems to be consistent throughout the entire park ;) There are a few new additions to the ride department like a zip line and a high wire obstacle course. There's also a sudden drop ride that has potential to make you piss yourself. If you're 7. But all those same old rides are fun. My son and I have been a few times and he doesn't have a problem riding those tired old rides. Or spending the day playing mini golf and riding go carts or the bumper boats. Always a fun mom and son outing. Followed by dinner across the street at Bobby Qs.He loves the arcade. They've got a great selection of old and new video games. Some air hockey tables. Some other fun shnit... I don't think it sucks either. I went on a date here and whooped this dudes tail in jumbo digital connect four. Winning is fun. Try it.
5	Awesome family fun,  Every time  bring my daughter there she gets a little braver and try's more rides.  After riding the usual smaller rides we rode the "carpet ride" 5 times!! Then the small coaster, wait for it..she even did the big rollercoaster 3 times.  On our way out around 9pm she even did the zip line...wow, that's sometime I had a hard time doing, but we did it!!Needless to say we had a great time!!
3	Well everything was fine until they charged me for another lemonade because my son accidentally spilled it. Who does that? Even when I was working at an ice cream parlor any mention of someone spilling and we gave them new ice cream at no charge. It's a drink! Games are cool, totally retro, and the portions of food are fantastic. Can't wait to come back with my kids when it's cooler temps
3	Mini golf is always fun here. Lots of people, mostly teenagers. But friendly environment. The staff appears to hate their lives, but when youre having fun on the course, you forget.
4	Ya know...this place has a reputation of being ghetto but honestly, I don't know why. I attended this place during a Fry's appreciation event and I must say, it was tons of fun! The "castle" which houses the arcade looks a little dated but they have a bunch of games upstairs that you can't really find anywhere else. They also have air hockey and tons of games that spew out tickets. As far as rides go, there's the big roller coaster which is a little small but still a lot of fun. They also have a log ride, a kiddie coaster, a tower that drops you about 10 stories, put put golf, a zip line, go carts, bumper cars, bumper boats, a swinging pirate ship, and many other rides for kids. I wish they would tear town metro center mall and expand the park out to incorporate more roller coasters and fun rides. The employees were all super nice too...and very outgoing.
4	Yes it's a bit dated and they need to do a remodel and fast. Keep up with the times peeps! But overall they really have everything you need in an arcade, they have tons of rides outside, and they have mini golf and go karts (go to K1 Speed instead for that) . Anyways, the point is, it has everything you need. But yes, it needs a remodel and it needs better food. But for some reason, I keep coming back anyway and I think it's because of the wide selection of arcade games.
3	Kinda disappointed they took out DDR extreme, I went every week to play it but now it's gone and now they only have horrible in the groove. Other then that they have a great classic arcade up stairs.
1	Mini golf is nice and fairly priced, but the only option to ride ANY rides requires an unlimited rides ticket. So to ride the roller coaster ONE time will cost you $19 or higher. Ridiculous price gouging.
4	Good time for the family. We only did the putt putt golf as we were short on time but a great outdoor course atmosphere with lots to look at and fun holes to play. Would try coming back again next year or some more fun
2	Came here for spring break with the kids. Heard lots of great things, unfortunately the rides were not open just miniature golf, it was fun but hot!! And once that was done nothing else was really left but the arcades and they were just ok. They offered 10$ for 3 hours of arcades but that doesn't apply to all games and it's not worth it. I would like to come back just to see if the rides are any fun. I recommend if the rides are closed don't waste your money.
4	We went here for the goofy golf one night. I thought it was ok...but my kid thought it was the best place he'd ever been. I remember goofy golf being that way when I was a kid too. He asks to go back every couple of weeks!The four courses are divided into two areas and honestly, we found it difficult to navigate and distinguish between the two courses...they need better signs. Besides that, there was almost no one there. We saw three young couples in the 1.5 hrs we spent on the course. It was a weeknight in February after dark. Be aware that if you have any physical limitations, you'll be walking a lot on these courses and there are lots of steps...it's not handicapped accessible!!
2	Place is definitely out dated and quite frankly I feel like 75% of people here have the ability to shank me at any moment. Its still a fun place for mini golf. They try to stick it to you for rides, probably because they realize there are only 3 rides people would get on. Place needs a face lift for sure. Name is a little misleading, "Castles & Coasters"... more like "semi castle on hole 8 and one coaster"
2	Man, this place has really gone down hill.  I took my daughter here to do mini-golf.  It wasn't too bad, but the close brush with a heat stroke makes me think I will not take her there again.  There are better places for mini golf, and it those are indoors with AIR CONDITIONING.  The rides?  Well, the rides where never that great. The Arcade?  Now, this is where they lost a lot.  It just seems like their are less games inside, and I would rather go to Dave N Busters or Main Event instead of this place, but I did win my daughter a nice super big red-n-black soccer ball which she loves.  I guess it wasn't a complete loss...
5	Love this place!!  It's super cheap and has all the best arcade games, both new and classic.  I feel like a kid again in the 90's where arcades dominated.  Now we got kids on Noobox live saying how they could beat you up.  Ha  Also the golf course and rides are fun, mostly in the night time for all the lights.
5	Very awesome place!!! We brought my autistic teen to this and he loves it..:-)) clean, very wonderful staff, rarely any lines for anything. The arcade is absolutely great!! Pinball games galore! Of course ski ball was a huge hit with him, even though he didn't really get many points, it was just fun to throw the ball up the ramp..:-)) bathrooms are very clean, and staff outside and inside were constantly wiping down things with disinfectants and picking up any type if trash anyone had dropped.What a gem of a place.... And right off the freeway no less.:-))
5	We had a lot of fun here just real Hot outside but a great place to go if you are having a Birthday party or just to go out..Price for the park are very reasonable and would recommend it to other people and family and friends..
4	Fun place and plenty to do. Could use some touch ups and some better customer service. The arcade could use some help and more games. Golf was fun and we had a blast. Overall perfect for a date night or a night out with the family.
4	Good family fun at a reasonable price. Worth going a few times a year for sure!!
4	Went to Castles N' Coasters(only to play games in the arcade) and I had fun while I was there.  Air conditioning was cranking, place was clean and smelled pleasant, and game play was priced fairly.  I'll be back to experience the rest of Castles N' Coasters and hopefully will add a fifth star to my review.
2	Was going to have a fun day with my kids and use our pogo passes to get in, customer service scanned one of the tickets twice and then wouldn't allow me to use it because it had been used.  Even though I show on my app pass that it was scanned right then on that day. Waited for half and hour and argued with the manager.  No help.   The people before me has that problem as well.   And they argued with her as well.
4	I only played the Arcade, but from Thanatos alone I can say this place is fantastic. There's a good mixed selection of Classics & Modern Arcade Machines here. There was some Machines I didn't even think existed.
1	When I hear the name "castles n' coasters" I think of a fun place for a family day. I also think of a place with roller coasters. Castles and coasters only has 2 roller coasters. One of them has a loop that I found after I got on the loop it shakes a lot. The other coaster is fun but is very jerky and will beat you a lot. Other than those there is bumper boats/cars,mini golf and some kiddy rides. The price I payed is not at all what I got out of it. I probably won't go again. And would not recommend unless you are looking for something to waste your money on. Although the first time I went to this place I enjoyed it but later on it had really changed.
5	I thought the park was very clean and the staff was very friendly. It was nice that our two kiddos got a little bit of a discount because they are under a certain height. It does limit the amount of rides they can go on, so I thought that was a nice perk. We had a very fun family day celebrating my sons birthday. We were going to go to the fair but the prices are out of control. Why not come here when there are plenty of rides, its clean, and not nearly as crowded.
5	We took our three kids here for the first time this weekend. It was great! All of our kids had a good time and the rides were great. Only one ride that is "six flags-ish" but still a great time. Every single staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful.
4	Give It A Chance.I had never been to Castles and Coasters however, I had an opportunity through work for a private party from 9 am to 1 pm, so I grabbed my nephew and we were off to Castles and Coasters. I wasn't sure what to expect when we arrived but I went in with an open mind and thought I would give Castles and Coasters a chance.  I am so glad I did.My newphew and I spent a full day at Castles and Coasters and had a great time. The mini-golf courses are very nice. These courses are fun,well maintained, and nicely laid out. In fact, all the rides at Castles and Coasters are well maintained and a lot of fun. The park was not crowded even after the special engagement hours  ended,  so we were able to go on  the rides many times, and we didn't wait very long in line.Castle and Coasters  is bigger than it appears from the outside.  There are  several rides in the back of the park so make sure you venture in that direction.  I think the most popular activity was the zip-line and rope bridge attractions out front.  The line moves a bit slow but it's worth the wait.  Castles and Coasters, has two snack bars  however,  you could leave ,go to a nearby restaurant and  return if you prefer. For a snack bar amusement park the food prices were pretty reasonable. A personal pizza and drink for $7.25 made a decent lunch for each of us.Good rides,  reasonable prices, and a helpful and accommodating staff, it doesn't get much better.
