4	This is a hole-in-the-wall. Go in, it's not too spacious, cozy, and the staff are very friendly. I ordered a Tuna Melt, and it was pretty tasty. I ate with two others, who also loved what they ordered. I don't remember what they ordered. Forgive me! The service was great. Quick, easy, friendly. Just the way it should be. This place is simple, and it is a great option for lunch out. Not too pricey, nothing too fancy, nothing too complicated. I walked in doubting the place, but I walked out pretty happy. I guess that's why they call it Happy Grill. =P
4	The food was delicious and the service was friendly and efficient. I had a buffalo chicken sandwich and they knocked it out of the park. Great place to go for lunch and I wouldn't mind trying the breakfast.
3	At first glance, you probably think this is a Chinese take-out. It's actually more like a simple lunch counter, and that's a great thing. We need more of these around, because there aren't too many left.Now it's not a fancy lunch counter by any means - and if you don't like to watch your food being prepared, or the person preparing it, and want to be pampered, this is not your place. But if you like plain and simple cooking, and a good, friendly neighborhood joint that can provide just about anything - I mean the guy is right in front of you, just ask him to change what he's doing - then this is the spot.Definitely great for lunch, probably good for breakfast (haven't tried it yet though), and not sure if they are even open for dinner. Still, it makes me happy knowing they are there. See what I did there?
4	Great find.  Passed it frequently for years yet didn't know it was there until a friend told me about it.  Terrific breakfast, great service.  Open 7 days a week until 2 PM, breakfast served all day.  Try the home made bread, it's fabulous.  Love seeing my food prepared, that way I know the cooking area is clean.
5	If you go to Happys , you become part of the Happy's family! Great variety, simple good food with generous portions! We love Leo, Donna and the entire crew. Try it you will love it!
4	HOMEMADE BUNS:  If you go here I recommend the Cheeseburger.  They make their own hamburger buns and they are delicious.  They bake a lot of their own bread.  I usually order soda because their iced tea always seems to have a sour taste.  They also serve breakfast all day.  At least all day meaning till they close at 2pm.
4	"An old-fashioned kitchen"For a few years I passed by this little gem, always saying, "I'm going to try that place". So finally one sunny morning I ventured out to the infamous "Happy Grill". As I walked in I knew I had found a great breakfast spot. The layout is what I like to think of as "old-fashioned" because the kitchen runs the entire length of the place. Something you don't see anymore. A row of backed stools line the counter with a series of booths across from them along the hand painted wall. The wall depicts the theme; happy chickens and pigs running around in a grassy field with the smiling chef centered giving two thumbs up, spatula in hand ready to serve up something tasty. The restaurant reminds me of something out of a movie with it's nostalgic feel.With only a staff of about five, this place manages to keep up with the bustling demand of grumbling bellies from all over. They all are very friendly here and the appreciation of your presence is felt.A very clean establishment; the tables are shining and the floor is swept and tidy. Condiments are neatly organized and plentiful. Bathrooms are clean.The food is typical breakfast food made with love and is tasty. They also do lunch, which I've yet to try. Everything I've tried here has been deliciously devoured. They uniquely bake their own bread which is light and fluffy. You can try some with your meal! Also you can order a loaf to go. They also make meringue cookies that go feat with a cup of joe. I think what I like most about this place is the value. You can get out of here for usually less than ten bucks with a full belly. I usually go early in the morning and miss the rush. I have seen quite the after-church rush here. Overall a wonderful kitchen with good food at a great price, good people with great attitudes, and good service that will keep you coming back makes for a Happy Grill.
4	Great little place for breakfast!! Food was good. Great service. Friendly staff. I'll definitely be back :-)
5	We were in the area looking for a decent breakfast spot and found it. There were no reasons to not give 5 stars. Place was clean enough - it's a cute little diner. Good was cheap enough - $4.55 for 2 eggs, grits, sausage and toast. Staff was friendly enough - coffee was kept filled and other servers even asked how we were doing. If we were in the area again, I'd have no problem coming back. Good job, Happy!
