3	This is a window where you can pick up food, literally.  There is no seating, unless you count the garden bench somebody got from Big Lots.  So the place is what the kids used to call "Ghetto" but the food is decent.  You are not paying a lot.  The pizza sauce was good.  I know some people won't like it because it is not overly sweet like they are in a lot of the chain pizza joints.  If you like a more savory pizza sauce, you will like this.  I got the ribs and they were good.  They are not something to rave about but they were good.  What do you want for paying so little money?
2	Even in the world of "cheap-ass-pizza" I've had better.Big Daddy's is a teeny, hole in the wall place with a walk-up window and a park bench. From this window you can order ready-to-go pizzas, bread sticks, ribs, and other "delicacies" for $5. They have done some serious advertising from sign-twirlers, mailings, and they even took out a huge billboard across the road from where it is located.The pizza is cardboard-style with chunky-like cheese. The only pretty decent thing going for it, is the sauce - very robust and flavorful. Too bad it's being put on such a cheap meal.Overall - it's aaallll right. Obviously you are paying $5 for a pizza, so what to expect? But. I'd rather go to Little Ceaser's and get their ready-to-eat pizza AND their CRAZY BREAD.
5	Easily the best neighborhood pizza there is. There's a Little Caesar's right down the street and I'll pick a $5 Big Daddy's pizza over them every time. They just got new owners and this is the best pizza for it's price I've ever had. Whether you want a quick $5 carry-out or a custom pie, I've been more than satisfied either way. Even if you want a $5 carry-out, they'll fire you up a fresh pizza (which I recommend) if you ask. The new owner is super friendly and remembers me and my girlfriend every time we go in. One time he even gave us free Parmesan-bites on the house and now we get them every time we go in. For the price you can't beat it. So good!If you walk in there expecting some sort of award-winning top chef gourmet pizza with ingredients imported straight from Italy then you're in the wrong place. Head to the strip or Downtown for that. But if you want the best little neighborhood spot that will make you keep coming back over and over then head to Big Daddy's. There's a variety of pizza places around me to choose from and Big Daddy's has easily become my "go-to" spot without question.
5	Best. Pizza. Ever.Thank you for coming from SLC and bringing us the Coronary we missed for so long.
5	Great!!   I like this place. Great customer service.  Very good food. Try everything on the menu. But the pizza. And the wings are great.  Very price convince. Pls people don't be afraid to spend $2 more for a good pizza. And stop going to that $5 pizza nasty place. Come here to big daddy's better.  God bless this place and everyone that buys from this great restaurant.
