3	This business advertises themselves as a foot reflexology place, and this is very misleading.  Approximately 10% of the service centered on the feet.  It really is a massage place.  I have had several foot reflexology appointments before, one by a professor of reflexology, and the technique, time spent on feet, etc., does not merit this service being called reflexology.  Patrons keep their clothes on, but the majority of your body is massaged:  face, head, neck, shoulders, legs (front and back), arms (front and back) and legs.  This is an Asian owned business, and there was a language barrier with the therapist I had.  The music is blasting, and the door to the massage room is left open, which did not matter to me but may bother others.  The rooms are smaller than a typical massage room.  The oils used are nice with a light, refreshing scent.  Techniques used are more of pushing, slapping and light rubbing.  I have never had this type of massage, so I don't even know what it is called.Customers are covered with a large towel and a little, fuzzy blanket.  The massage table is also covered with a towel, and the service starts with both feet soaking in water while your shoulders are massaged.  I had a skirt on, and my therapist brought my knee up to my chest and exposed my underwear (no cover).At the end of the session, therapist was at the front register as I paid.  I am not sure if this was to make sure I left a tip or not but typical massage places do not let their therapist stand at the front when a customer pays (may be a cultural perception).There were times the techniques were almost painful and maybe even questionable.  The therapist pushed on my back with her forearms leaning into me.  I think someone with back problems or a smaller person would be uncomfortable with this type of service.But to be fair, I have only had Swedish or "American" type massages for years - maybe these techniques are Asian (I really would not know).  Also, the price is very low and comparable to a massage school.  My visit was kind of like my husband or a friend giving me a massage - they may or may not be trained but do a good enough job.I will continue to go to my usual places for a massage but will stop by Touch of Heaven every now and then.
5	My friend and I went to this place for back and foot massage..We both really enjoyed.It was 40 dollars only but we felt like it's worth so much more than 40 dollars...It felt so great and nice after 1hr..We were so happy to find this place :)I highly recommend this place!
4	i have to agree that the business sign for this massage place is very misleading. i have seen in many times and always thought it was a foot reflexology place as that is what it says it is. i did not know that i could get a body massage here until i looked up massage places on my yelp app! so i call them and the receptionist answers; she doesnt speak english.....she cannot tell me where she is located but is able to tell me they do walk-ins. so i go because i am in a lot of pain with my back today. i get there and the masseuse takes me back right away. her english is better but still difficult to understand.the massage was nice. i am not very experienced in the massage world but i can tell you this was different than others i have paid for. i have only ever gotten a swedish massage. i do not know what kind this was but it feel nice nonetheless.  there is some slapping, a lot of rubbing, and some elbows and forearms. it did relieve a lot of my back pain and definitely relaxed me.the rooms are different. there is just a curtain for privacy and the music is coming from a central location.upon completion of my massage i had to write down how much i wanted charged to my card because the receptionist could not understand me. that was a little frustrating. she did give me a punch card though. buy 10 massages get one free.the cost for this ( 1 hour) was $50. I dont know if it was worth that because i have not compared the costs to other places, but i would probably return.
5	The store is kept tidy at all times, and the environment is also comfy. I don't care the advertising but they successfully help me to relief my stress from work. The owner of the store is very nice to me and occasionally sends me a thank you gift after several visits.  I'd say this is worth more than the given price.  I'll continue to visit the store for more future relief. :)
4	Please - let me list some disclosures.1. This is not your typical frilly or relaxing place. 2. This is down and gritty Chinese massaging. 3. They have open rooms with a curtain. ( you can hear other massages taking place, which could be kind of or very awkward)4. None of them speak English well, or none at all. I was not sure what to expect when coming, and I can definitely tell you...I was nervous. This is a place that you come to with male and female masseuses. They set you up in a small room with a bed that sits about 1-2 feet off the ground and they only give you a somewhat large towel to cover up. If you're more conservative, this is probably not the place for you. I've been sick and I always need a good deep tissue massage to help me recover faster. This did the trick. It may not be pretty, but this dude dug into my back and shoulders enough to get those nasty knots out. Most people don't even focus on your knots. Also, this place is clean and they do provide good service. They're prices are super cheap and very reasonable. If you're looking to get the kinks out and just get a good ol' fashioned massage...come to this little nook of a place.
3	Go here if you want a head-to-toe massage to work out the kinks and knots of a long flight. If you're looking for an ambient spa and English proficiency you should look elsewhere. At this price point of $50 for a full body massage I was an unknotted, happy camper. Warning: if you are not comfortable being mostly undressed because this joint doesn't cover with sheets, they use a towel that doesn't cover much. If it was a male therapist I may have felt uncomfortable but the woman only asked "hard or soft?" and went to work. I took off a star because I could see how the communication could be an issue. I took off another star for lack of privacy since it's curtained off little rooms and I could hear the guy next to me talking to his masseuse quite a bit. But for a good no-frills massage you can't go wrong.
4	The reviews about this place not being frilly is right,  but it's clean,  no nonsense massages being done here. And the prices are probably the most reasonable anywhere. Would recommend to anyone just trying to get a good massage!
4	As stated, this is a no frills, not too relaxing place. You go here when something hurts and you want the knot in your back killed. It's not your day spa either because it's some good Chinese massage. I told the lady that my back hurts, use some pressure. She got crutches out and started walking on my back, kinda like the ones George Jefferson got from that British guy. It felt good. Not much privacy, you can hear other people and sometimes your massuse leaves the room because of someone at the door or a phone call, the main reason they lost a star.
