5	Food: My chicken parmigiana was wonderful. I loved every bite of it. The thin crust pizza and bread sticks were also good. But that  chicken was to die for!!!Price: Reasonable, my dish was around $25 or so, pizzas are around $15 and other dishes were above $30.Atmosphere: Nice and casual. Perfect for dates.Location: In Mandalay Bay.Service: Very professional and friendly.
2	Am I not in tune with what Wolfgang Puck restaurants have to offer?  This is the second W Puck restaurant I've tried.  First was Spago, which I was not impressed with at all but that's another review for another day!  Back to Lupo; I truly am NOT impressed with this place.  A couple we were with in Vegas suggested we eat there.  Being that I've never tried this, of course I was all for trying something new!  The couple raved about this place so that got me even more excited!  After ordering, it took FOREVER to get our food.  Mind you that it was not even a busy night for this restaurant (go figure!).  I finally get my food and again I was disappointed.  It was definitely something I would NOT go back for.  The food was below average and none of my party enjoyed it.  Even the couple that raved about this place claims that they must have changed their executive chef.   Whatever it was, it wasn't worth the money spent.
4	I'd give it 5 stars if not for the priciness of it.  The food, I'm sure, is something one could find (or make themselves, if they really wanted to) elsewhere for cheaper, but the outstanding service is well worth the prices.Vast selection of wines to go with any meal on the menu.  Although I must admit I was a tad disappointed with just a two-page selection to offer, but still the food was excellent.I got a little laugh inside seeing the executive chef's name on the top (it's fully Mexican, put it that way) in a Italian/Modern American-type restaurant.Took a little bit for the food, but portions were more than suffice, and they offer the earlier guests outside banqueting, which was nice as we sat close to the sights and sounds of Mandalay Bay.All in all, great food, but be prepared to splurge a little.
3	This place was mediocore, however there were alot of people here.  Im not really a fan of wolfgang puck because all the places i have tried it has always just been okay.  anyway, i had the house merlot which wasnt all that great.....then i ordered the "Lupos Pizza" which was average.....but the Meat Lasagna was good because it came in an cast iron pan.....but then again who cooks lasagna in a cast iron?  I dont think i would go back
2	There are only a few good things to say about the dinner at Lupo. The service was reasonable and the wine glass portions were more like 1.5 or 2 glass portions, but at the price of about a glass.Unfortunately, the food wasn't very good. I feel like any top chef can come into a city and put his stamp on a restaurant and feel free to charge whatever he wants.Our spaghetti was just OK, and the prosciutto on our pizza was a bit stiff, and as such, unappetizing.While Lupo isn't horrible, there are much better places to go for the price.
2	Came here for my cousins birthday...OK first its in the Mandalay bay hotel so its pretty loud out there. Next the place is really nice, it has a pretty cool decor that reminded me of little italy. So first off the waiter sucked so that means that our service sucked big time. We ordered ice teas and he brought it out like 15 minutes after we ordered it. I had to remind the waiter about our ice teas!!!Food was bleh, it was not that good, OK the pizza sauce was really sweet and it felt like i was eating pizza sauce with sugar. Oh and that huge chunk of mozzarella cheese in the middle made it perfect, ewww the cheese was just in one place. Ever thought of spreading it out????? The only thing good here is the bread and butter and the tiramisu. I do not think that I will be back  to this place.
4	It was a chill Vegas weekend with girlfriends. Having missed our 8:45pm reservations for Nobu and already being at the Mandalay Bay Casino, we decided to check out Lupo.  The wait was about 15 minutes for a 9 pm table on Saturday night.  Homemade breadsticks and bread were brought out with a fantastic house tapenade and pureed white bean dip....I could have eaten a ton of the two dips!  We started with the caprese which was excellent with a special balsamic vinegar....supposedly aged for 18 yrs!  My girlfriends couldn't get enough of the balsamic vinegar and they practically licked it off the plate!I order the papperadelle with meat sauce....it was delicioso!  The pasta was homemade and the sauce was a perfect blend of meat and seasoning.  Other dishes ordered were the special of the night - ravioli in a butternut sage sauce...pretty good but the pasta was slightly too al dente for me and a calf liver steak which was actually a ginormous piece of calf liver that really looked like a piece of steak.  It was pretty good but I bet it contained a year's worth of cholesterol in that serving!The service was great and our three waiters were very flattering...I'm not sure if they were coached on what to say to customers but nevertheless they were entertaining especially since they thought that my friends and I were college students when the reality is that we are older than that by a few years....ok, ok make that by ten years!  Overall a surprising find with decent food if you don't have reservations on a weekend night in Vegas.
1	awful service. awful awful awful. 1) for our party of 9, the waiter went around and poured everyone wine but forgot to pour me. i had to be  like "could i get some white wine?" before he came back and realized his mistake.2) my friend and i split a beet salad, and he tried to serve us the beet salad on our bread plates that still had half eaten bread and crumbs all over it. she had to be like, "could we get two clean plates?" for him to go through all that extra effort of getting us clean plates. wtf?!?3) on our last bottle of wine, he split it among just 5 of the 9 guests.4) i hate it when waiters try to upsell on the wine, especially when they make it blatantly obvious. and beyond my hang up with our shitty waiter, the food wasn't that great either. beet salad seemed pretty amateur. pappardelle was decent, i will give it that much credit. but clearly they are using the wolfgang puck brand to gouge customers.
3	One of the few Wolfgang Puck restaurants to ever disappoint me. Not that it was bad, but it just wasn't as good as I expect from a Puck place.
4	Wolfgang Puck knew what he was doing when he opened Trattoria Del Lupo. A small group of us went to go try out some good Italian dishes and were far from disappointed. Our waiter was very professional and friendly. He was able to answer our questions about the dishes and gave some great recommendations. I had the three cheese raviolis (yes I'm boring, but its a classic!) in tomato sauce. I don't like tomatoes...but this sauce was ah-mazing! The raviolis were delish. They were cooked al dente and had a great little bite. Everyone enjoyed the experience. We definitely got what we paid for.
4	I took some clients here for dinner.  I had dined here before and know that isn't a stuffy type of place but the food and the wine list stood out when I thought about what type of place these clients would like- casual dinner, casual service but impressive food.  I make a selection from the wine list which took me a good 20 minutes.  Very impressive wine list!  I got a Pinot Noir - Green Truck, Napa.  One of my favorite wines.  Our waiter read us the specials, did he say dover sole?  Okay, I had to ponder that option.  We started with the calamari for appetizer and the buffalo mozzarella.  Both were very good, seasoned well.  I did end up getting the dover sole filleted table side and I have to say, it was perfectly prepared and perfectly deboned.   I requested veggies only on the side instead of a starch so it was served with a bunch of grilled Italian style veggies.  My favorite!  Perfect, light choice of a dinner.  My one client got the Osso Bucco and his wife got some Shrimp Pasta dish.  They were in love with their dishes and I with mine.   We then got dessert but honestly, I cannot remember what we ordered.  Too much wine and pre-dinner cocktail kicking in- or the fact that I was still eating the dover sole in my mind?  I little of both.  Hell, what's the difference, great dining experience and moderately priced, for a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, that is....
2	Nothing special. From the service to the food...just not that memorable. The pork chop w/ pork belly  was just too sweet. and not  as tender.  The halibut was slightly overcooked and not special. Overall there were tons of uneaten food on everyone's plate.
4	I've been here twice. 2 years ago (can't remember what I had, but it was good) and just a couple of weeks ago...here it is:To start they brought out breadsticks which my hubby and I gobbled up quickly - we were starving. Then they brought out some fresh bread with a white bean puree spread and a black olive spread. I loved the white bean spread, the Olive spread was OK - a little too salty so I avoided it. We both skipped the salad / soup. I ordered a short rib with polenta and veggies - it was excellent. The rib melted in your mouth. They put a little red wine reduction over it and the polenta was perfect. Can't remember what hubby's main course was (mine was so good!) I thoroughly enjoyed this meal and recommend this place.Skipped the salad/ soup
3	Planned a dinner for a group of us attending a conference there at Mandalay Bay.  Since we were all on expense accounts, I picked Tratoria because it was one of the less expensive restaurant options in the hotel and it was a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.I felt the food was good but not outstanding.  I don't know a ton about Wolfgang Puck, but my colleagues told me that one of the dishes he was well known for was raviolis.  So I tried some, and although they were good, I didn't feel like they were amazing, and they didn't exactly fill me up.  I also had the steamed spinach which was of generous portion, but a little chewy.  One of my coworkers had the pork chop which was HUMONGOUS and he said very delicious.  Guess I'd need to go back again and try something else on the menu...Also, their beginning bread service is a bunch of hard, long breadsticks wrapped in a cloth napkin and handed around.  The logistics of this was messy and rather annoying.  Why not have fresh, warm bread - or at least breadsticks in an easy to pass container.  Also, the breadsticks were so long that most people were breaking them in half.  Maybe just have shorter breadsticks???All in all a good meal, but not amazing in my opinion.  The service was good and they attended to our group of 9 pretty efficiently.  Looking for a good sit down meal in Mandalay at a "reasonable" price, I'd definitely recommend the Tratorria del Lupo.  Just don't expect anything to be out-of-this-world.
4	Great restaurant.  The ambiance is classy, but not your usual over-the-top Vegas style.  The service was helpful and the food was tasty.  I had the lobster ravioli special.  I also tried the sea bass, which was outstanding.
2	I wish I could say that our Valentine's dinner was amazing, but I can't. It was ok ... but nothing great. I will say our server was terrific. But the pasta with mushrooms and truffles was seriously lacking flavor. Who would have guessed anything with truffles could taste so bland? Too bad.And the salads were very expensive. I have had much better for less.We have been here many times over the years, and as my husband says, they really are not special. Especially when there are so many great restaurants just around the corner. And from Wolfgang Puck, you would expect much more.
2	$19 Ravilois and you get 6 of them.  They were 4-cheese ravis... unfortunately, they were way undercooked. I am not talkin' el dente... I am talking "el crunchy." They really needed to let those puppies cook longer, especially when you're paying over $3 PER undercooked ravioli.The long, hard tasteless breadstick/crackers they bring out are not good. The regular bread is great. Why do they even waste their time with those stale sticks? Anywho- it's overpriced and was just mediocre. BUT- 2 stars for the FAB server named Will. He was on top of it and knew his stuff.  They could really do better. Sorry Wolfy.
2	The service was really good and amazingly patient with our way too drunk friend.  The food was nothing special though.  The breadsticks that they started us with were very bland but the real bread that followed was great.I ordered the seafood risotto and it tasted decent but it wasn't anything special.  It was actually pretty bland.  It wasn't bad but I was really disappointed considering the price.  I also tried the mushroom fettuccine and didn't enjoy it at all.It wasn't a bad experience but I felt like I could get a better meal for half as much at any chain restaurant.  That's sad.
4	I should start by saying that our server was FANTASTIC. I forget his name, but oh my Lord, he suggested wine and soups and our entrees. He was the best. I got a bowl of minestrone. Which was amazingly fresh and delicious. I then got the sausage and rapini pizza. When they brought it out, they brought out the wrong kind of pizza, our server was great about it and brought out the right one and comp'ed the pizza! Very nice of him. The friends got the hand rolled pasta which looked a lot like beefaroni, but tasted so much better, and the other got linguini with vegetables. Very good choices. Oh and the fresh bread before was sooo yummy, and served with oil and vinegar. I'd go back if I was in Vegas. A great place to go.
4	I would definitely say that you will be eating great food in a very casual setting. Our server was excellent. I've worked in retail in a city that's visited heavily by tourists however, he displayed nothing but politeness and professionalism.I've read some other the other reviews and I don't really understand the complaints in price. The menu is displayed right outside and is owned by a world-class chef. It being open to the hotel walkway instead of closed off and the fact that you can wear whatever you want should be an indicator as to what the atmosphere is going to be like.I ordered the cheese pizza with prosciutto which was delicious. I couldn't even finish the other half.  I would encourage anyone wanting a quiet atmosphere to not eat here. There was a live band playing at the bar nearby and we could really hear them. The seating area in front is great for people-watching.
3	This is not a great restaurant.  Poor service, food just OK.  Just OK.
4	Came here on a Monday with reservation for 2 at 5PM. We noticed that they had Prix Fixe menu for $45 starting at 5:30PM. Surprised that they didn't offer us the menu to look at. We requested the menu, and good thing we did, it offered 25% discount with any Lion King show tickets, which we had. (The offer was not listed on the original menu.)We had: Lobster risotto which is different from the risotto listed online. It had cherry tomatoes, garlic, basil, and tea. It was super amazing. The risotto wasn't too soft, and the flavor was great. It was a healthy portion as well, not puny at all considering it's a fancy restaurant. Pork chop with pork belly. The pork belly was nice and sweet, very much honey-glazed. The pork chop on the other hand was crispy on the outside and looked tough on the inside because I asked for almost well done, but it tasted just fine and not dry with the sauce it came with. Drinks:Riesling - I don't know wine, but supposedly very clean. =] and yummyPineapple cooler - pineapple juice with yummy stuff. Very very yummy. I'd recommend it. Total bill was $70 ish for 2 entrees, 3 drinks, and 25% off.
5	I also agree with the other yelpers that the service at this restaurant is incredible! They're very knowledgeable of their wines and have great suggestions. I ordered the following all of which I HIGHLY recommend: App: Grilled Bruschetta, Bean Puree, Tomatoes, Parsley, Mortadella Main: Cheese Gnocchi with a cream sauce Fantastic! For those who don't know, Mortadella is "like bologna" very thinly sliced and much better, naturally served cold on this bruschetta. Also being my first gnocchi experience I'm afraid to order it anywhere else! Absolutely fantastic, call me a tourist or whatever you want I thought dinner was an overall delicious experience!
3	Decent Italian food in a good setting.
4	I ate at Tratorria del Lupo in Mandalay a year or so ago and loved it.  I had the Ragu ala Bolgnese which was a delight. Just the right mix of meat and tomato and pasta make the dish a rich and satisfying meal.  We paired our meal with Bellinis - a peachy/sparkling wine mix that is light and refreshing!  The restaurant has a classic Italian decor, but the best part is the an open patio within Mandalay's restaurant row (inside).  Sit on the patio for great people watching!  We spent a couple hours on a Friday night watching increasingly intoxicated clubbers wobble along walkways and make to the trendy clubs that are nearby.  It was bit on the pricey side, but a worthwhile experience for your tastebuds!
2	For a chef so famous and well-talked about, I'd expect his restaurant foods to be high quality, not a batch of salt and sloppiness! I've been to Wolfgang's express restaurant in Walt Disneyworld, but I think even that food was more appetizing then what I had in Lupo!I don't mean to be rude, but this food was in no way what I expected. I came here with my sisters and cousin on a Saturday night, and the place was full of people, the lights were dim, the tables were white and fancy, and then... a waiter came and plopped two bread sticks in the middle of the table. Didn't even say a word. Not even a basket. Just two hard, long, and completely dry bread sticks wrapped in one napkin and placed in the middle of the table. So, my sisters and cousin and I were just wondering what to do with the sticks, and tried looking around the other tables to see if other people had eaten theirs. Many people still had their sticks.After several minutes of confusion and eating tiny pieces of the mystery bread sticks, we finally received a REAL basket of REAL bread that came with some garlic sauce and balsamic vinegar + olive oil. That was much better, but still not as good (I thought) as the bread I had in Maggiano's. Weird.So, we ordered our food. Let's just say, it was hardly worth the price. Here's what we ordered (I'm condensing the names because those names on the menu were in Italian and ridiculously long):- Halibut ($31): Gah. Overcooked, or something. Definitely was more bland than I expected. The fish was placed on top of a bed of sloppily put-together tomatoes that were sauteed (I'm guessing) with onions and other things. Together, it tasted worst than something I could've done at home with the same ingredients. In fact, the sauce under the fish was watery, and way overcooked. Hardly in tact and the pesto sauce? Ah! Didn't even taste it! NOT worth $31! Look at my picture for how terrible the plating was.- Salmon ($30): Best thing I tried. The salmon was pretty good -- I liked the extra crunch it had, but I wasn't sure if that was on purpose or if it was a bit overcooked. Tthe side potatoes were just that: side potatoes. Very salty, no herbs -- just like french fries that weren't cut into fries yet. Eh.- Fettucini with truffles (Mushroom pasta) ($26): The fettucini was undercooked, lathered in oil and topped with salt. It was paired with truffles, but that didn't make up for the extremely unnecessary amount of oil it had. Had an odd mix of flavor that did not want me to eat any more than the few bites I had. My sisters agreed, only finishing the plate because of its expensive price.- Shrimp risotto ($29): Perhaps the item I disliked the most. The risotto was way too creamy and buttery, and did not pair well with the shrimp. I do admit, though, the shrimps were good. But, yeah, I couldn't even eat three bites of this. Just did not like it (except for the shrimp).I'll say this, though -- the service was pretty good. My sister blew out the candle on our table, and it was replaced instantly. We always got water refills, too. But, it was weird because a different person always came to our table. Different waiters. In fact, there were only waiters, no waitresses. Either way, I think service was decent, but the food just was not worth the $94 total plus $10 tip that we paid.Thank God we had a 25% discount by showing them our tickets from The Lion King show! I would hate to pay full price for this!Do not come here if you're looking for good eats (unless you greatly enjoy oil and salt)!
5	I'm always a little weary going to "fancy" restaurants just b/c it's not really my style, but I thought this place was pretty top notch. Plus, it was my first wolfgang puck restaurant experience ...The service was awesome. You have people lining up to take away your plates, and then somebody else waltzing in to give you new fork, and then a third person to pepper your salad. Kinda overwhelming lol. I'd say the best thing I had was the pesto dip that came with the bread - it was fantastic. We had the seafood linguine special and lamb something. Really really good. They forgot to bring potatoes initially, and then came back with like, a huge platter. It tasted like home fries. So yes, if that doesn't warrant 5 stars then I don't know what does.
4	In early July I selected this restaurant as the venue for a corporate event. We selected the Semi Private room that was supposed to seat 75 people for the dinner. After signing the contract I was notified the the room could in fact only seat 60 people because they had recently remodeled and now the chairs were bigger. This was definitely a problem as our RSVP list was growing. They could only accommodate  a larger group with an additional room which would increase the F&B minimum. On top of that, I was told that they could not do a standing reception and a dinner in the same area even though when I spoke to the banquet director initial I indicated that I wanted a cocktail reception prior to the dinner. The whole event was turning into a big mess as the F&B was going up and up. It was very frustrating working with the banquet team. However, when I got on site it was totally different experience. By that time our RSVP list had grown to 80+, way more than I had expected. Although we did expect a significant drop off, we could not count on it. I ended up meeting with the banquet sales manager and she was extremely helpful in solving the space problem. She provided me with several solutions without exceeding our budget too much. I am really glad I spoke to her before the event because everything turned out great. The staff was extremely helpful. After dinner one of the waiters even helped me carry something back to my room. My only comment would be on the food. Trattoria Del Lupo is a Wolf Gang Puck restaurant and I expected amazingness. All I got was typical. Nothing impressive. We were however, ordering from a fixed group menu so maybe I missed something. Their lemon drop martinis were great though.
4	My family is italian and we are very picky about our italian food.  Everything is compared to my great-grandmother's cooking, and very few italian restaurants in my hometown have made the cut.  I am pleased to announce that Lupo has definitely made the cut in my book!My guy and I opted to sit at a table on the "patio" section of the restaurant which is actually in the hallway of Mandalay Bay.  Some may not enjoy sitting in this section, but I love people watching and the excitement of being a part of the action of the hotel.  Also, no fear of your napkin flying away because you're not actually outside!  We ordered drinks and were quickly given a delicious (and quite large) loaf of fresh, warm bread along with an olive tapenade and a delicious and subtle dip made from leeks.  I found that mixing the two dips on your piece of bread was the best way to indulge!There are a variety of options on the menu, including several pasta and pizza dishes that are reasonably priced for such a fancy restaurant.  I decided on the bucatini al' amatriciana.  When it arrived, I was amazed at how large a portion I was given.  Usually you hear stories about fancy restaurants providing tiny portions not worth the money, that is definitely not the case here!  My dish consisted of bucatini noodles (a very thick noodle with a small hole through the center), pancetta, a light tomato sauce, onions and pecorino.  This combination of ingredients was simple, but very delicious.  The pancetta made the whole dish have a great smokey flavor.Next time I'm in Vegas (which hopefully will be very soon since I'm a Vegas addict at this point), I will definitely return to Lupo and try another of their wonderful italian dishes!
2	(The two Lupo listings should be merged, by the way.)Although there were no great deficiencies in Lupo, I expect quite a bit  more punch from this place's pasta and meat dishes.  While Charlie Palmer might outrank Wolfgang Puck these days and his Aureole and Charlie Palmer Steak in  get the most attention at the Mandalay Bay / Four Seasons resort, as the only fine-dining Italian in the resort, Lupo really should be running at a higher standard.  The brutal markups on the wine-list weren't fully earned by the cuisine, in my opinion.(Enjoyable and worthy of note were the cold ham bruschetta and the tapenade-accompanied bread baskets...)
5	This place was good!We started off with fiji waterAppetizer - prosciutto , brochetta Entree - Spaghetti and veniceDessert - TOO full :( I loved everything we ordered especially our appetizer! it's a must get!!! :) i'll be back next time im in town!
4	All I can say is that their bread and white bean dippind sauce are amazing....  for this alone I would come back...  the hand made pasta was  just meh- tasted like chef boyardee LOL.  But the bread more than made up for it, if that makes any sense.  I guess I'm just a bread person LOL
4	This is a great Italian restaurant @ Mandalay Bay...I wouldn't really call it upscale but it's nice to dress up and go.The food is excellent! I haven't had anything bad on the menu...service is good!Worth the visit!
3	Went for my dad's birthday and they had a chef in from milan with a special menu.  Not nearly as good as last trip.  Pastas were very ordinary.  Served us the chicken off the regular menu by request.  One of the best chicken dishes on the planet!Pizzas are very good.
5	We were just cruising the restaurants at Mandalay Bay, and since you can't go wrong with a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, we thought we would give it a try. Like all Wolfgang restaurants EVERYTHING was just perfect. From food to service.  Don't pass up this place when in Vegas!
2	I got talked into eating here, against by better judgment, and my expectations/gut was right. I don't know why, but I just didn't want to eat here, for some reason the menu did not wow me, but because I like to make others happy (the people pleaser I am) I came here. I opted for the green fettuccine with mushrooms, peas and parmesan truffle sauce. Eh - just okay. I'm not sure why, gain I can't place my finger on why, but it just didn't wow me. It tasted kind of greasy and not at all like parmesan sauce. The portions are pretty small and when you are spending $27 for a pasta, it should be out of the world! For dessert, I ordered some lemon thing. I call it a think because I can't even explain what it is (neither could the waiter), it was so nasty that I took one bite and sent it back. The decor to the place is kind of plain, but the staff is amazing. Our waiter was one of the best I have ever had in a long long time. He gets five stars!!!!
5	By far the best thing (maybe the only good thing) about our stay at Mandalay. We were so irritated and tired from our previous night's lack of sleep that we decided to eat here just out of apathy. We were seeing a concert in the events center at 8 so we figured it would be easy to get dinner here and walk over. Glad, we made reservations by the way.Anyhow, the food. In a word, amazing. I had caprese salad which was terrific (albeit pricey) and my wife had a beet salad which was delish.For entrees, she had some homemade pasta dish (the name escapes me) but it basically reminded me of udon a little bit but in a meat sauce. It was completely delicious. I had a lamb dish served over ricotta gnocchi. Honest to god, I didn't want it to end. This was not only one of the best meals I've had in Vegas, but one of the best meals I've had anywhere, in a long time.Oh, I almost forgot. Everyone loves Wolfie's fresh bread. Here it comes with an olive tapenade (which is usually my fav) but also with a white bean spread which was amazing.
5	The quarter chicken entree was incredibly delicious. The garlic and herb flavors just popped and the meat was tender with little bones still intact.  I bet there was a whole stick of butter in that chicken, but my mouth was happy :)
1	I was looking for a fancy night out with my three teenagers, and got the worst meal in distant memory. Lupo looked like it had the best menu, nice atmosphere inside,  and decent prices compared to some of the other Mandalay restaurants. We waited about 15 minutes for a table and were seated outside (with a lovely view of the restrooms across the way and tourists walking around the casino- Yuck!). The bread with dipping sauces was probably the best food of the night. We started with some calimari, which was average ($16). I ordered the chicken breast piccata ($28). It was one of the worst dishes I have ever had. Normally you would expect your chicken to have a nice golden sear coating tender meat inside. My chicken matched the color of the plate and tasted like it had been boiled lifeless in some kind of onion powdered water- truly repulsive! . Luckily I ordered crispy potatoes ($8) to go with the dish, because when they asked if I wanted to replace it with another entree, I passed. The kids ordered 3 pizza's ($15avg only one GIANT hungry man could eat one of these); the sausage and rapini, portobello mushroom, and pepperoni. When they brought the pizza's they delivered the pepperoni and mushroom, and a margherita- so that went back right away. My son had to wait another 15 minutes for his sausage pizza to come out. When it finally arrived, it turned out to be the worst pizza we have ever had. The rapini tastes like a combination of a brussel sprout and kale- think bitter seafood- bleck! The sausage was also terrible, bland and mealy, with a jarred spices kind of flavor. We decided to send this back. The kids were super embarrassed that we were sending back a second meal. So thank you Lupo for giving me the opportunity to teach the kids that you shouldn't unnecessarily part with your hard earned cash, especially if you have a terrible dining experience (dinner was still $70 plus $10 tip). And that they actually do recover from the embarrassment of their parents sending food back to the kitchen. The only saving grace of the night was that the waiter was apologetic and did try to make it right. I just don't know what you are supposed to do when your kitchen is sending out food of such poor, amateur quality. I am shocked that Wolfgang Puck would put his name on this restaurant.
3	Awesome appetizers, loved the Manila clam dish with garlic bread.  Portions were not you typical Italian servings but enough to get you full. Ordered the green lasagna, meaty. Tried pasta w/ truffle oil, pork chops, ravioli, sea bass.... All good dishes.  Had cheesecake and chocolate cake for dessert, recommend them. Over all had a good experience.
5	Exceptional service, Fantastic food!!Wait staff was very attentive and courteous. Food was cooked as I requested and beautifuly presented. The portions were generous. Price was reasonable for a high-end restaurant. Great place for a special occasion.
3	I guess this place caught my eye because it was a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.  My GF and I had made it a decadent weekend of eating at Top Chef inspired restaurants during our trip to Vegas, and Lupo didn't sound too far off of that path.. Lupo started off very good in my book... We had no reservations and it was a busy Saturday night around 730pm. The front desk hostess was very accommodating and didn't give us any grief for being a walk-in... We were seated in a matter of minutes and had a very friendly waiter explain the night's specials... The breadstick that was artistically wrapped in a napkin and arbitrarily placed on our table was kind of a weird but a welcome touch, until the real bread and olive oil/white bean dip showed up... We started off with an order of steamed Manilla Clams with a spicy broth.. It was quite tasty and packed a spicy punch.. The portion was quite generous as well... So far so good until we polished off our clam appetizer and had to wait nearly 30 minutes for our entrees, which were not quite worth the wait....I had the seafood risotto and my GF had the veal with asparagus and gnocchi. The risotto was very fishy and didn't taste quite fresh.. My GF's veal was tender, but not very tasty.. The gnocchi was just awful and poorly executed... Not good at all!!! "What the Puck Wolfgang"...!!Despite the rather mediocre entrees the service was impeccable and the great appetizer along with the upscale ambiance puts this place around the 3 star mark for me...Bottom Line- The prices are decent compared to other Mandalay Bay restaurants and the  service was great..., but there are definitely better places to treat you're palate to...
3	Came here for dinner tonight since I havent been back in a while!I started off with a glass of pearfect martini - very strong. It's suppose to be kettle one vodka with pear puree, but it tasted more like either pear goose or some sort of citron vodka! NOT chilled... :(My boyfriend and I noticed their menu has changed since we've last been here! No more spaghettti!? por que!?Any way, Appetizer were sorta kinda the same, but a tad bit different.We started off with Prosciutto San Daniele, Burrata di Bufala e Pepe Nero (San Daniele Prosciutto, Burrata Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Black Pepper) This dish is exactly the same since our last visit, the mozzarella was light and poofy, it wasn't heavy at all. My boyfriend doesn't like cheese, but for some reason, he really enjoys this dish. Bruschetta alla Griglia, Purea di Fagioli, Pomodori, Prezzemolo e Mortadella(Grilled Bruschetta, Bean Puree, Tomatoes, Parsley, Mortadella) EKKKK THE best bruschetta i've ever had, however, they skimped us on the tomatos :(As for entrees, we ordered :Linguine alla Vongole, Aglio, Peperoncino, Prezzemolo e Olio Extra Vergine di Oliva(Manila Clams, Chili, Parsley, Garlic, Extra Virgin Olive Oil) The pasta was very el dente, we kinda like ours a little more softer. As for the clams, they were very flavorful, however, I found this dish a little too salty!Lastly, I ordered the Mezzo Pollo Arrosto con Scarola, Aglio, Peperoncino, Limone e Vino Bianco(Pan Roasted Organic Half Chicken, Escarole, Garlic, Chili, Lemon, White Wine) Thinking it's the same roasted chicken from wolfgang puck in san francisco! TOTALLY fooled! Nothing like it, chicken was a little dry, but i really enjoyed the veggies that came with the chicken!Our busser was awesome, very attentive and very sweet! He's a great busser!
2	I really wanted to like this place, I have liked several of Wolf Gang Pucks other restaurants, but I was quite underwhelmed.   I ordered the 12 dollar Cesar salad to start, the slad was very plain, lettuce croutons and dressings.  The dressing was overly sour for my taste.  My husband had the white bean soup, it was very very bland.  I had the Penne Pasta Carbonara, Smoked Bacon, English Peas, Mint, Black Pepper.  The bacon was really mushy and fatty, the sauce tasted just like any white sauce I could buy in a bottle.  I was really hoping the dish was going to be awesome but I didnt even eat half of it.  Another member of our party ordered the House Made Thick Noodle Pasta alla 'Quattro Passi', Sausage Bolognese, Cream, Basil, Parmesan.  His exact words were, "this isnt bad, but I can make hamburger helper that tastes the same"  Not a good sign!My husband had the pepperoni pizza, you cant really go wrong there!  I wouldnt go back to this location, but like I said I do like his other restaurants.
4	Lemme preface this by saying I'd give the overall experience a 3.75.  Not quite a 4, but definintely higher than a 3.  Six of us went to the 7:00 LOVE show at the Mirage (AWESOME!). Then we headed over to Mandalay.  We were fiending for something to eat and nothing we came across sounded right.  Then finally it hit me.  Italian.  That's what I needed.  So we found our way to Lupo (by Wolfgang Puck), conveniently located directly across from the Red Square, which was another place we planned to stop by during our trip. We didn't have a reservation (Friday night @ ~10:00) but were promptly seated.  It wasn't all that busy anyway.After ordering our drinks and meals we were served a couple baskets of bread with duos of tapenade in olive oil and a white bean dip.  Very nice start to the meal.  The tapenade was delicate and salty; the bean dip smooth and creamy; the bread was pleasantly chewy with a nice crust.  The drinks finally came.  I had ordered a passion fruit cosmo.  Hit the spot.Next came the salads and appetizer.  I ordered Prosciutto San Daniele for us, and the rest of the table got Caesars.  Smiling faces all around.  The caesar had a nice little twist no one had experienced before.  Pine nuts.  It gave just the right amount of nuttiness to the palette.Then came dinner.  Half the table ordered Penne alla Carbonara, my friend ordered Scialatielli con Salcisse alla Bolognese, my man ordered the Lasagna Verde, and I was feeling the Funghi Pizza.  I didn't try the Penne, although they all thought it was great.  I did try the lasagna and loved that.  I also had the Bolognese and really liked the sauce.  My pizza was good, but was more doughy than I'd expected.  I was hoping for more of a Neopolitan style.  And it was enough for at least 2 people.  I only ended up eating 2 pieces out of 6.Finally, for dessert I HAD to try the Tiramisu.  It's my absolute favorite and I get it at every Italian restaurant that offers.  Uh-muh-guh.  I think this is my new #1.  It was creamy, dreamy, melt-in-your-mouth, with just enough espresso and liquor that's not overpowering.  Die.Bottom line: we enjoyed the food.  The only thing that was kinda lacking was the inconsistent service.  When the waitress was around she was very attentive and lovely.  But when she was gone, she was no where to be seen.  We may go back next time we're in the area (that Tiramisu is caling my name!), but there are so many other restaurants in Vegas to try it may not be for a while.
4	We arrived around 9:00PMish on a Saturday and there was a 2 minute wait.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  I was sitting on the booth side which unfortunately was sprinkled with the crumb"age" from a bread stick.  Once we opened the menu, we discovered nice Italian dishes with Italian and English Menu descriptions.  We had the Bucatini, Linguine with Clams, Seafood Risotto, and American Kobe.  ALL 4 dishes were delicious!  We also had the calamari with a parsley dipping sauce.  The bread with the white bean dipping sauce and tapanade was also very good.  Pricing was a little better than expected for what they offered. The service...EXCELLENT!  my water didn't go empty and they were very attentive.  Our server was very knowledgeable and friendly and did a good job of surprising our Mom with a comp birthday cheesecake dessert. YUM! I wouldn't mind eating here again.
4	Food is sooooo good! I always get the ravioli and pizzas there.  The waiters there are extremely nice and attentive.  Also, if you're a NV resident you get 20% off your bill!  4 stars because the people at the front were rude about charging to my room and the front desk had to get involved to help me pay.
1	Very disappointed with the whole dining experience. Expected more i guess... having tried the restaurant at MGM Grand and not to mention affiliation with the famous name !!!Fine dining at Lupo is overrated... the Cheesecake Factory had better tasting food and presentation... the service exceptionally cold at Lupo... I will never recommend your restaurant... Mandalay Bay doesn't need a mediocre place like yours.  Mandalay Bay should welcome other businesses... you're an embarassment to the resort...
1	Save your money and go to Olive Garden.You will get the same quality and "interpretation" of Italian without  the feeling or regret after spending so much.The Linguini with clams was in a pool of butter and oil, but the pasta was all stuck together.  It should be illegal to call a pizza of such quality a "Margarita", with its flat pita bread crust, thick rubbery cheese and no basil in sight.  This place highlighted all that is wrong with Americanized Italian food.  Greasy, heavy, over cheesed, and over cooked.The one star is because they had really comfortable chairs.
5	It never fails, I am always impressed by Wolfgang Puck's restaurants and Lupo doesn't disappoint. It was by far some of the best italian food I've tasted in the U.S. The pizza was awesome. The cheese he used was so good. I didn't want to stop eating. The spaghetti was delicious. It had just the right amount of spices and flavor. Prices were reasonable (for Vegas), particularly for the spectacular food we ate. Service was okay. Our waitress went missing for a while, despite the fact we told her we needed to leave at a certain time to get to a show. Bottom line is: you cannot go wrong with Lupo. Delicious! I want to go back now.
3	Went last weekend.  Had a large party - maybe 12-13 of us.  We had a 7:00 reservation, and they didn't get our table ready until almost 7:30, despite the fact that there was plenty of space in the restaurant.  We had to find a waiter, who only wanted to take our drink order, and make him take our food order too.  I think we finally got food at about 8:45.  The food itself was delicious.  I had the salmon with sauteed spinach - it was excellent, cooked just right.  My dad got the roasted chicken, which sounds boring, but was really good - tender and moist with sliced roasted garlic on top, veggies underneath in a pan sauce.  The food was outstanding, I just wished the service was better......
3	three stars. first of all, and i want to be clear about this, i am being overly harsh. it's just that when you're a celebrity chef, charging premium prices in a place as nice as the MANDALAY BAY, i believe you should be held to a higher standard. i've eaten at probably a dozen of WOLFGANG PUCK's restaurants over the years and only been disappointed twice -- both times in VEGAS -- at his BAR & GRILL in the MGM GRAND and CHINOIS (CAESAR's PALACE) at the forum shops. at the first they were catering a huge after show party for KA and i think they were stretched so thin busboys were manning the kitchen. at the later i think whoever was in kitchen wasn't qualified to bus tables -- about only thing this CHINOIS shares with the one in SANTA MONICA is the name. big portions. nobody left hungry. service seemed more frenetic than attentive -- wait staff bustles around like chunks of ice in a microwave but avoids eye contact. it's hard to get their attention. loved the bread -- crusty, airy, great texture. thought the white-bean and garlic puree and olive tapenade both fell a little short. kid's PIZZA was a little undercooked. because the restaurant was busy, the oven stones did not fully reheat between pizzas and the bottom did not get as crispy as i like. thought the tangy goat cheese and the natural acidity of the tomato sauce made things a bit tart. loved the CLAMS and GUANCIALE. sauce was perfect. asked for more bread before the entrees arrived but it never showed. had to mop up with pizza crusts. wife, JODI, loved her PASTA but had to ask for parmesan which, with much ado, was grated tableside over her ravioli. okay. i just changed my mind and upgraded my rating to four stars -- the experience got better in the remembering ...
4	Yup I am a fan.  The food and service were very good a typical Wolfgang Puck delivery - nice job!  Light, presentation was nice and it tasted great.
3	Our server was great - Peter.  He made a wonderful suggestion for a wine, based on questioning our wine interest for the night.  Steve's green lasagna was excellent.  I had the arugula salad whihc was good, the pasta was excellent but the chicken picata itself left me flat.  The flavor should have popped.  My past meals at this restaurant have always be excellent, this one left only marginal for me.
4	Best Italian food ever? Nope. I don't think Italian is really Wolfgang's bag. But, it is absolutely better than Olive Garden, Johnny Carino's, Buca De Bepo, or any other chain restaurant I've been to.The service is slow, even when the restaurant is empty. I like to think it's because they are making everything from scratch. But whatever the reason, allow yourself some time.The atmosphere is about as authentic as it can be considering its location. The prices are about what you would expect for a nice restaurant in a more expensive casino. The portions are plentiful, so take advantage of that mini-fridge in the room.
4	The four rating is for the food and service ONCE YOU ARE IN THE RESTAURANT.This is a very popular restaurant and the hostesses know it.  On one occasion I was told the wait was an hour without reservations.  Its all good.  I asked if the hostess could take my mobile number and call me if the table opened sooner.  She pointed at the hostess stand and loudly declared "do you see any telephone here?"The second try, I made reservations for 8pm.  Arrived with my party on time then proceeded to wait 45 minutes.  I guess its all good since everyone else with reservations was also waiting.Once inside, the food and service deliver.Pizzas are great way to start the meal, epically the "Del Lupo".  Be sure to share.  They are very large.  All salads should also be shared unless you are eating it as a main.Pastas are very good but it is the seafood risotto that is the true standout.Prices are very fair.The wine list is very well chosen and prices are low by Vegas standards.This is one of Chef Puck's better restaurants and is well worth the effort to get through the door.
4	I can't even remember what I ordered here about a year ago, but I do remember that my best friend ordered the gnocchi and I couldn't stop eating from her plate!I'm staying at the hotel again this weekend, and I am definitely making a trip back to Lupo just for that!The service was great when I was here too... we couldn't decide what cocktails to try and the waiter asked us what flavor profiles we wanted, and came up with a yummy drink for each of us!
1	This restaurant was pretty disappointing.  Our waiter pretty much checked out when he realized that we didn't want to order his expensive wine suggestion and we got the cheapest bottle on the menu instead.  I got the fettuccine with mushrooms and it was about $26.  It wasn't bad, but I've had better pasta at Applebee's for 1/3 of the price.  My friend got the cheese ravioli, still $19.  The sauce reminded me of chef boyardee tomato sauce and the cheese was almost non-existent.Bottom line, it's really expensive for the quality of food and service.
1	My first experience with Wolfgang was in Florida at the Universal City walk... now that place was bomb..This place was a huge disappointment. I came witha  group of ladies and we ordered  food to share. We had the calamari.. it was overcooked.The half organic chicken. It was dry. We also ordered a pasta dish the "Bucatini" and it was too salty.The worse part of all was the breadsticks at the beginning. I understand that it is not the traditional soft breadsticks.. but still I prefer those. These were rock hard sticks that u break off making a mess at the table. They were gross as well.Im sorry I wil not be coming back to this wolfgang location!
4	Our service was great. The waiter checked in regularly, but not too often to become intrusive. He made a point to come pour our wine every time our glasses were near empty.The food was superb. I really liked it and so did my dining partner. I enjoyed the bread stick appetizer. The garlic olive oil dip was fantastic. I had the lasagna. It was really really rich and the portion was on the larger side. My partner had the lamb steak on top of veggies and it was great. I usually don't like lamb but this was clean and not gamey. We enjoyed a bottle of wine with dinner and some tiramisu for dessert. I would definitely go back again. Minus one star because I've eaten better antipasto appetizers before.
3	Traveling with friends is about making a series of compromises and since I was going to get my way on our third day in Sin City, I had to be good for the other two days. Day 1 ended with dinner at Lupo by Wolfgang Puck.I halfheartedly tried to talk my friends out of this place because based on the reviews, I expected mediocre food at best at $$$ prices. I don't mind spending money on food (au contraire, most of my discretionary income goes to eating out), but I want good food in return. Living in NY has made me very spoiled (as if I wasn't bad enough before) and the prospect of spending money on subpar food made me grouchy, but I swallowed my complaints because I knew we were all making sacrifices at one point or another for each other. I dislike going to celebrity restaurants where a chef owns a several restaurants because I *know* there is no way that they could possibly manage and visit each one on a regular basis. I feel that they're simply selling their name. This certainly is the case with Wolfgang Puck and with Lupo.We received two very long breadsticks and two different kinds of dips (white bean and a black olive tapenade) for the sticks. Although I enjoyed the flavor of the white bean dip, it was way too runny as none of the dip clung to the breadstick. In order to get the flavor of the dip, I had to let the bread soak the dip, which then made the bread mushy. The dip needs to be thicker, more like a spread, rather than watery like soup.I ordered linguine alla vongole (linguine with clams) because I love this dish in general. It was $26 ~ the typical price point I expect for an upscale restaurant. I received was a Vegas-sized platter of food. I was only expecting half as much food (indeed, even if they had only given me half, I would have thought that it was a generous serving). The food was a sad disappointment. The clams were overcooked. I would have preferred the pasta to be a little more al dente. And the sauce made from olive oil was way too runny (like the dips). The quality of the food is entirely unworthy of an upscale restaurant.The desserts, however, were quite delightful. We ordered the 15 layer chocolate cake with gelato and the tiramisu. The 15-layer cake made of 15 very thin layers of milk chocolate and dark chocolate cake. It had a very good chocolate flavor and richness. The tiramisu wasn't quite the traditional tiramisu as there wasn't as much lady fingers and far more mousse. It was more a tiramisu mousse, but it was lovely and light. We polished off the desserts with much gusto. Except for the superlative desserts, I would rate the food as 2 *s. Lupo gets another star from me because of the service. Seriously, the service at Lupo was absolutely incredible and it was one of the best service experience that I've ever had. They were absolutely correct in everything (served from the left and removed from the right); water was discreetly and miraculously refilled without drawing our attention; a beautiful synchronous harmony of waiters, bussers, and runners working together to create a masterpiece of a posh elegant dining experience. Too bad the food didn't match the level of expertise and care given to us by the staff.
1	Would give this place no stars if I could.  Primary waiter assigned to us ("S") basically ignored us throughout the entire meal.  (The secondary staff who refilled our drinks and cleared the tables were great.)  Food is "eh" and waaayyy overpriced for the vegetarian options.  Wine by the glass is pricey too (though no more than any other Strip restaurant I suppose...)  Depressingly huge room with only a few table occupied.Please don't bother with this place.  There are many other much better italian options on the Strip for the price you pay here for mediocre food and lousy service.
4	It's hard not to love this place. Minus the occasionally rude hostess, the food, service and general ambiance here is wonderful. Artful lasagna and some of the best seafood risotto exists here at Lupo in Mandalay Bay. Homemade pasta and warm Italian donuts? Yes please!
1	Had a horrible experience and we never even ordered!  Went on Sunday night and was seated promptly.  We then waited and waited and waited.  My wife watched another party that was seated after us, get some water and menus, get greeted by their waiter and then get some bread.  I finally got up and asked the manager if our table had a waiter assigned to it.  He said he would look into it.  Water and menus arrived shortly thereafter.  A few minutes later perhaps the most rude waiter I have ever had arrives.  He doesn't appologize, doesn't smile or make eye contact and recites the special of the night while looking into the restaurant.  He says he will be back shortly while we look over the menu.  We then wait and wait and wait.  Finally, we get up and leave.  On my way out I tell the manager.  The sad thing was he didn't appologize nor appear to care.  Very disappointing.
2	Everything was just average here.  I came here New Year's Eve and was really hoping for an impressive and memorable meal from Wolfgang Puck but instead this place was just average.   First of all the place was freezing cold, the atmosphere wasn't dimly light and romantic (like I had hoped), and then the waiter was inattentive.  I did however really enjoy my bread twist and olive oil before the meal and was hoping we could have a second if the waiter was around to check on us.  I also really liked my minnestone soup and was glad to eat something hot to warm me a little.  I should have took my money across the way to the Red Square restaurant and had a much better meal.  I left here grumpy and won't return.  Another reviewer suggested Olive Garden instead- I'll second that idea!  C'mon Wolfgang Puck!  Work on this place just a little, your MGM restaurant is amazing.
5	I came here on a Thursday night and was very impressed. I like the decor inside it is very modern and clean. The service was excellent from start to finish. Our server (Danny) was very attentive and nice. The bus boy and food runner were also excellent. Everything is done proper by the staff and it makes for a nice experience. As it should since the prices are pretty high. However I landed at this restaurant because I was staying at Mandalay Bay and saw a discount for this restaurant at the half price ticket booth, 20% off, awesome. On to the food, well the bread sticks, I must agree with fellow yelpers, were not my favorite. They were hard and the dips were so so. The soup and the pizza that I ordered were good. My friend ordered the pasta, which some may think is overcooked, but in reality they make the pasta fresh there, and it is just that, fresh not overcooked. I ended my meal with a latte which came to the table perfectly prepared. I would definitely return to this place, if not for the food at least for the wonderful service that I received.
5	This was one of the only restaurants I enjoyed my meal at in Vegas.  We ordered a bunch of different appetizers which were all tasty.  I got the caprese salad and it was one of the most delicious and fresh meals I've ever had. The mozzarella tasted like they milked the cow and made it that day.  My gf got the lamb which I also tried and it was very good as well!
2	I have had better pizza from the frozen section at the grocery
5	3 1/2 stars? As Christina Cuenca would say "Really?"Come on Las Vegas, fresh house made pasta, perfectly crafted thin crust pizza and an amazing wine list.Really?A party of five who is beyond lazy but knows collectively that "we" want Italian for dinner. I personally don't have the energy to skip down the Strip to the Venetian and figured eating within walking distance of my hotel would suffice. I did a quick check on my trusty iphone Yelp app and found Lupo. The reviews were lackluster at best, but after a hard days work of golf, nap, drinks at the Foundation Room and an amazing caviar appetizer I (we) were in need of something quick and easy. From the elevator I was able to secure a 7:30 reservation (and awarded 1000 points by the way) and me and four hungry guys headed over to Lupo. We were greeted by two awesome hostesses who immediately seated us towards the back nearest the open kitchen. Within a few minutes our waiter came right over and took cocktail orders and presented us with the wine list. I did a quick scan and found a moderately priced zin from Tobin James in Paso Robles and before we knew it our drinks and bottle of wine were brought right over.It was now time to order and let me tell you right here. You cannot get five guys together in an Italian restaurant and not have pizza. We got one to split with meatballs and OH! yes, it was good. Slightly burnt crust  and simple but flavorful toppings, I thought there was no way our entrees could top this.I was wrong.My Scialatielli "Ai Quattro Passi" con Salsicce alla Bolognese, Basilico e Lamelle di Parmigian (yes copied and pasted from the online menu) was amazing! And the portion size was gigantic. It was so huge that after I was finished the waiter looked at me and asked if the dish was "not to my liking", because he thought I had not touched it. Trust me, I loved every bite, but the Flintstone plate of pasta was more than any man could handle.This place is in no way a 3 1/2 star restaurant. Everything from the service to the food is a hit. And as I lay here in bed, I am half contemplating getting dressed and head back down there for seconds.Mama Mia!
3	very average food for its price!  Low point of the night...ordered seafood risotto and risotto was undercooked while the seafoood was overcooked!
1	I ate at Lupo several years ago and had an absolutely wonderful meal with a variety of breads served through out the meal. This visit back, not so much. Plainly put, I was disappointed in not only the service but my food. My pasta, a pasta with sausage bolognese, tasted like Chef Boyardee and I received a single, overly dry, giant breadstick the whole meal. I was happy when the meal was over and will not be returning on my next trip to Las Vegas
3	Only 3 stars because of service.  Food was 4 1/2 stars  Service was typical of every restaurant we visited in Vegas. Terrible. But the food more than made up for it. (the fact we were on an expense account and not paying for it ourselves certainly helped!)Ordered a pizza for an appitizer. One of the best pizzas I have ever had. I'd you go - you MUST order the pizzaWine list was great and they have some decently priced bottles which was not typical of many of the Vegas restaurants we visited.  Green lasagna was really good and the Osso Bucco was tender and flavorful. Love the drizzle of horseradish over it. Would definitely go again - as long as it is on an expense account!
4	Excellent service, the prosciutto pizza and pasta with black truffle oil was delicious. We shall return!
5	Service was top notch, from the hostess stand to the bar to the table. Great wine. Fantastic food. The breadsticks with white bean puree were perfect, as was my salad and osso buco. They do a great job of handling large groups like ours, but it looked like they gave the same attention to parties of two. I'm always a little leery of celebrity chef restaurants, but this one delivered nicely.
1	I would like to put a 0 for this place. We didn't even eat here. We got seated and ignored for 20 mins while other people that got seated later and got waited on. Wait staff was very snooty. We were dressed business casual. There were 3 in our party. Lupo wasn't even busy at all. The hostess was cold as well. When we left she said "have a nice day". Wolfgang Puck really let me down.
5	Personally I am a big fan of Italian, with having tried many locations for Italian food they were amazing. The food was so good, I had their ravioli and it was impressive...just perfect. The services was 5 stars all the way. Must try their apple tart!!!!! I definitely recommend Lupo!
4	My favorite Italian place on the Strip (with Il Fornaio in NYNY a close second).  Haven't been here in a little while but their Caesar salad used to be heavenly - crisp Romaine lettuce, huge thin slices of parmesan, crunchy croutons, sooo good.  The pastas were always great.  I don't love the location - super high traffic area - but otherwise it's a winner in my book.
4	This is a nice place for dinner. I really liked the atmosphere more than the other Wolfgang Puck places. The menu items, though, are much the same as what you find in his other restaurants - some different, but a lot the same. The service was excellent. Very attentive and friendly. And locals get a free dessert, which is a nice touch.For food, I decided to order items I had not already eaten at other Puck establishments (i.e. pizza). I had the calamari as an appetizer, which was perfectly done and seasoned. And I still can't quite identify what the dipping sauce was, but it was wonderful. For an entree, I opted for the salmon. It was basic, but cooked just right. And the potatoes that came with it were delicious. Nice and crispy on the outside with a wonderful citrus and rosemary flavor.All in all, a very nice dining experience. I'm not sure I would head to Mandalay Bay specifically to eat here, but if I was in Mandalay Bay for some other reason, I would have no hesitation about grabbing dinner here.
3	Decent restaurant in Mandalay Bay.  I honestly feel Wolfgang's restaurants are overrated and this is no exception.  The minestrone soup and the goat cheese and artichoke ravioli was good, but nothing to come back for.  The service was decent, but the our primary server kept saying his assistant shouldn't be doing certain things - I thought that was pretty strange as he should be happy for the help.
3	Portions were small but good. Would try some of the other close by restaurants. Service was ok @ best. Wolfgang has become high end McDonald's chain.
4	Not the best Italian food that I've ever had, but this was definitely serves delicious food. We made reservations right before watching Lion King - they actually couldn't find it, but they seated us right away anyway. We had the following:Calamari - big chunks with good aioli dipping sauces. Fettuccine Verde con Funghi di Bosco, Piseli, Prezzemolo e Parmigiano ReggianoScialatielli "Ai Quattro Passi" con Salsicce alla Bolognese, Basilico e Lamelle di Parmigiano - both pasta dishes were soooo good! The sauce was flavorful, but not too overpowering and the handmade pasta was thick and chewy - just how I like it. The dishes were ~$27 each, which I thought was pricey, but I guess it's normal in Vegas. We also had a bottle of wine which was reasonably priced - I think it was $30 for a bottle. Will definitely go again - and order the same dishes - when we go back to Vegas.
4	Had a great Pizza there ( 3 Cheese with San Daniele) only the prizes are a bit high, but I think this is an issue that occures in every restaurant in Vegas
5	What a pleasant surprise. This was the best dinner we had all week in Vegas. Food was perfect, service was excellent including super martinis. The atmosphere was very relaxing
4	We had the rehearsal dinner for our wedding here for almost 40 people in the private room. I thought the food was really good. I actually asked someone at the table if I could have their pasta because I ate all mine and loved it. The appetizers were very tasty. The service was good. A nice balance between attentive and letting us enjoy our private room. The email communication to set up the private room was great. We overall had a very solid experience at Lupo and I would definitely eat there again on another trip to Vegas.
4	Lupo was absolutely fabulous. From the service, to the ambiance, food, and drinks, Lupo had it all. Our server, Vicki, was excellent. She recommended her favorite items and even created a cocktail for us - The Vicki Special! She also honored our tight schedule. We appreciated that so very much.The ambiance was very NYC. The room had dark wood and the round tables are laid out in a circle around the bar. While Vicki was taking our drink order, another gentleman took our food order. Perfect! Efficient!I started with the proscuitto and burrata. Hello, is that heaven calling? I think so.For my meal, I split the Grilled Salmon with another one of the ladies. It was divine. I am glad we split it as the single portion was quite large for me. The cedar flavor really came through in the fish. It had a nice crisp edge and a tender, flaky inside. The flavor was smokey, light, and not fishy at all. It was served with oven roasted potatoes and sauteed spinach. Beware, the spinach has slivers of garlic. Do not eat if you plan on making out later. ;-)I had the Elderflower Martini - clean, floral, delicious. Yummy.We didn't partake in the dessert, but I'd gladly go back just to try it.Lupo was a wonderful experience and I can't wait to go back. Vicki, be ready for us!
5	The only one good meal I had in Vegas! Somehow, I'm also underwhelmed by the restaurants here but this was a pleasant surprise! Every single dish we ordered was confirmed to be excellent! I had the risotto and I tried my friend's penne too..
2	Lupo is good, but highly overrated.  The food is well-prepared, but way overpriced, even for Vegas.  The service was nice, but incredibly slow.  The positive: *They make pasta fresh and you can certainly taste the difference.*The service was very friendly.  The negative: *They told us we'd wait 20 minutes for a table, but we waited well over 30.*It took forever to get us our food.*We had to ask more than once to get napkins.  Not extra napkins, just napkins.*The wine list is not great for such a fancy Italian restaurant*The roasted beet & arugula salad with goat cheese was awful, and cost $18.Perhaps service would be better when they are less busy (we went Labor Day weekend), but I would hope that a nicer restaurant would understand the increase in business and would prepare accordingly.
3	Several pros and a few cons...Pro: Romantic and quiet on the inside... hard to believe its in a Vegas hotel.Moderate prices which is nice but we are talkin' Italian and not steak here.Good service. We came on a Sunday for dinner and it was slow so we got about 3 servers helping us out.With it being slow, we of course got seated quickly. There are no booths but there are half booth, half chair style seats. We chose that and sat close to some other people, sort of a con since this place was so empty.The server was nice enough to take our italian donuts off the check since it was my bf's birthday. Sweet! The bf's starter house salad was great and my calmari came with some really good sauce... made me sad I couldn't finish or take it home as we were going out that night after dinner.The bf's lasagna he says was excellent.Prices were really reasonable for a sit down dinner in Vegas. We ordered two drinks, two sodas, two entrees, two starters for a check of a little over $100! Not bad! I thought it would have topped $150 but that wasn't the case.The coffee was excellent. Definitely perked me up for our night!The servers were kind and kept our refills going. They were pretty talkative and friendly as well.Cons: The clam fetticcini (sp?) was just okay. The noodles were a little too al dente for my taste and it could have used more seasoning. The clams were small and just okay. The breadstick that they gave us was really weird. It was the length of the table and just seemed different but weird trying to break off a piece and crunching it as you are trying to have a conversation, hmm. We sorta left it there.The service was nice but with food on my plate being hard to eat, I had to give this place a 3.
5	Wow! one of the best italian restaurants I've been to in Vegas.First of all, I must say the service here is GREAT!  The servers made sure you had everything you needed.  Even though it was a busy night, the servers did not disappoint.The food was delicious!  I really recommend the "Scialatielli Ai Quattro Passi" pasta.  It's a thick pasta, kinda like really fat spaghetti with a bolognese red sauce.  The pasta was cooked al dente and the sauce was tossed and combined with the pasta perfectly.  The portions was huge and was definitely sharable.The grilled pork chop and honey glazed belly was very good also.  They usually cook the pork chop to medium, which is a little rare for my taste.  I would ask for medium well or well.  This dish could be a tad sweet with the glaze and the apple marmalade.  But overall, the flavors combine nicely with the saltiness of the chop and the sweetness of the glaze.  The chop can be a on the fatty side so beware.The "Salsiccia & Broccoli" pizza was on the bland side.  The home made sausage had a mild flavor which didn't work too well with the pizza.  The Rapini/Broccoli was more bitter than I expected.  This was the only disappointment, though I'm sure the other pizzas have potential to be yummy.  If you still have room for dessert, you must have the Tiramisu.  I usually don't like tiramisu made with lady fingers because it's usually dry.  But this was one of the better tiramisu's I've had.  It had the right amount of coffee flavor, richness from the cheese, and sweetness from the chocolate glaze.Overall, this was VERY pleasant meal and can't wait to come back.
4	We had a delicious meal. The ambiance was very nice. The tables were a little close together. Our bus boy Sean was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  Jason was our server who was also very attentive   The general Johnny stopped by our table and when we praised Sean and told him how much we enjoyed the food he promised to bring his business card. So we could call him for future reservations. He disappeared and that was the last we saw of him.  Sean services was the most positive aspect of the meal.
4	Excellent food and service.  We had the prawns with white beans for a starter followed by the Osso Bucco which they split and it was plenty for two.  The cookies and cream is an excellent dessert, easily shared.  The corkage fee is only $20.
5	We had a table for eleven people and the service was better than excellent. We brought in a large bottle of wine (an Imperial) which they decanted an hour before our reservation. We ordered a wide variety of dishes, all of which were superb. The only minor exception: the Tuscan bean soup had a bit too much garlic, but overall everything was near perfect. I would rate this (and particularly the pasta dishes) above Babbo in N.Y.C. If there's a better Italian restaurant in Vegas, I haven't found it.
4	I decided I wanted a place in Vegas to take my girl, and get all dressed up before our show. After finally deciding on Lupo we were pretty excited. Reservations at 6:30 and we arrived a half hour early from the art gallery, they took us in 15 minutes early. Reservations are very recommended, but they do serve dinner at the bar. Our waited was very friendly, and about 4 other people also assist with drink refills, and such. The bread was crunchy, but very tasteful with a white bean sauce or olive puree. The menu was good, but their specials are nice as well. My girl ended up with pork belly and pork chop. She enjoyed the belly a lot, but the chop was a little dry and there were no vegetables or potatoes to mix flavors. I went with the special of surf n turf. The fillet was very good, the red wine sauce used was one of the best tasting I have tried. The lobster was as good as the best I have had, nothing extra. My dish came with green beans, and potatoes which were both very good. All in all our experience with the food, and staff was good, nothing over the top, but very solid. What I wish they would change is their seating. I hate being out in the "balcony" where inside a casino people come right next to your table and look at your plate. They have an extensive wine list, but sadly my girl nor I indulge, and the only other thing to drink is water. Their prices are very fair for what you get at about 35 dollars a plate, however watch their specials, and get prices. The surf and turf ended up being 95 dollars which is more than anticipated with the other prices at a third of that. Setting was very nice and romantic if you sit inside. They don't enforce much of a dress code either which was a let down. Definitely well organized friendly staff with nothing too special in personality, good food, but next time in Vegas I would have to try another place as it didn't set itself above the rest.
5	Just had an Excellent dinner at Lupo.  There was a large group of us (20+) and we had such superb service...a very attentive staff who made it their mission to be sure every glass was full and every plate enjoyed.  Our table had a wonderful antipasti, calamari rings and caprese salad as appetizers and enjoyed every bite.  The pre-dinner breadsticks are traditional Italian-style...long, thin and crunchy as they should be...a half-dozen wrapped in a cloth napkin, perfect for breaking off and nibbling as we chatted over the appetizers.I had the bucatoni with prosciutto and pecorino cheese; the waiter said the dish was on the spicy side and that the pasta was prepared al dente (as it should be); it was delightful.  A friend at the table avoids meat so asked for a simple pasta marinara which was served without hesitation; she loved the flavor of the sauce.  Another friend had the Lasagna-Gramma-style which was also very tasty ( i tried a bite)...delicious bolognese layered with cheeses and roasted green peppers instead of the pasta...she tries to avoid gluten, so this was an unexpected treat and quite delicious; I will definitely try to replicate this dish at home...wonderful!  After cosmos before dinner, 2 bottles of wine with dinner and lots of water, we passed on the cappucinos and tiramisu...but i would wager they were as wonderful as everything else we enjoyed. I didn't even look at the prices as dinner was on one of our company partners....it was probably pricey...but worth it!
3	We went here as part of a big company dinner.  Unfortunately, we couldn't order off the menu but had a specially prepared smaller menu for us that included only two main entrees:  a chicken or lamb dish.  I was disappointed that there wasn't any pasta on our menu and/or there weren't more choices.  I ate the chicken dish which was flavorful while others had the lamb which they said, was excellent.  The rest of the entree was sparse.  Outside of the meat, we received a small amount of spinach on the plate, that's it.  I'm not sure if that's how it is or the company didn't pay for anything more.  The service was excellent along with the wines, antipasti and bread sticks.  Overall, the place has potential judging by what we ate and drank that night.  I would like to go back and order off the main menu and see how much better it really is.  It's located in the Mandalay Bay casino which is also very nice.
3	This was the least interesting and most average of all the Wolfgang Puck restaurants I've tried, and I've tried a lot.  Generally, they rank from extremely reliable (bistros) to outstanding (Cut).  One problem is that WP has set the bar high.  So, what would be good Italian fare elsewhere seems a little disappointing for a restaurant with WP's name on it.  The salame plate was average, the homemade past was thick and heavy with a decent sauce, and the desserts were nothing to write home about.  WP needs to drop by and kick this place into shape.
4	Amazing! Def deserves five stars. We got veal tortellini and chicken picata and they were like sex in my mouth! Staff was amazing friendly and quick. The ambiance was real nice and modern and the food was off the charts.
4	Lupo is great and can be an affordable dinner option if you stick with the pizzas.  The pizzas are great for sharing, but if you are like me a love bringing food home order your own pie.Pizzas we've has so far:Margherita: Always a solid choice and very delicious. This was my go to entree until I tried the Patate e Pancetta.  Lupo holds the #2 spot for favorite Margherita Pizza (#1 being Settebello.)Funghi: There are big juicy slices of portobello mushrooms on every slice.  Yum.  Polpette di Carne: It was okay.  It tasted okay, but did not blow me away. The meatballs overpowered the taste of the pizza.  If you like meatballs, then maybe this is the pizza for you.Patate e Pancetta: By far my favorite.  Great texture and super filling.  The potato and Gorgonzola combination is very satisfying and the pancetta breaks up the creaminess of the cheese.  We frequent Lupo often and the service has always been great.  The staff is very attentive to your needs.  Maybe one day, I'll venture into the pastas.... if i ever get tired of the pizzas.  Maybe....
5	I have never ever had a bad meal at Chef Pucks places.  This was a great experience too.  Everything very fresh.  Had 3 apps- pizza, calamari, bruschetta and the pumpkin cannolis -  all I can say is wow-excellent and since I am a professional chef too, it should mean for something.
4	Went to dinner with some co-workers since we were in town for an industry convention. I had eaten prior to our dinner time so i wanted something light. I ordered the Germanlota shrimp with orzo pasta w/tomatoes and cucumbers and it was delicious. I could not stop eating!Their olive dipping sauce for the breadsticks were great! I had never tasted anything like that before and it was very nice. We had a great bottle of moscato and shared some gelato.For 3 people it came to about $150....It tasted so good since our company was paying our bill, but if I had to come back on my own dime....I may skip it.
5	Great! Best chicken I have ever had, the pizza was delish!,,,
4	The Wolf delivers in this restaurant and the "wolf art" is everywhere in the restaurant ...maybe that's a little too cute. The pizza here is very good for just plain ol-pizza. Calamari comes with a lovely cucumber dip as well. But the real deal comes from the entrees, very good pasta, very good steak, but my favorite was the Sea Bass with eggplant. Grilled crispy and perfectly. Good wines here too!! Not giving this a 5 star only because i'm picky!
4	Excellent restaurant located in the Mandalay Bay; really enjoyed the hosue made pasta and the drinks were made well too. The server was a little on the arrogant side thats the only reason this restaurant didn't receive a 5 star rating. All in all, I would definately go back.
4	My boyfriend and I ate here for a nice date night while visiting Vegas.  The food was amazing!  We had the margherita pizza, scialatielli "ai quattro passi", and for dessert torta al cioccolato.  Everything was so delicious and worth the price.  Definitely some of the best Italian we've had. The one downfall for me was our server.  While he was attentive and accurate, he was frowning and monotone the entire time.
5	Go!  Get the green lasagna!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	This place is terrible! I had the lasagna and my wife had the risotto. The meals tasted and looked as if they were pre-prepared and reheated in a microwave. Most over priced piece of sh*t meal I've ever had. Save yourself some time and money and go to Burger Bar.
4	I thought this place was great, all though rather pricey.  I went for a work meal while in Vegas for a conference.  As a group we got several appetizers.  I tasted the bruschetta and the four cheese pizza which were both yummy.  The others had prawns and calamari which they raved over but I don't eat seafood.  For dinner I chose the lamb chops.  They were absolutely amazing!  My only disappointment was that it said it came with gnocchi and I literally had 8 pieces of gnocchi on my plate.  For $52 for the entree I would expect a few more gnocchi.For dessert I had the italian donuts which were delightful and plenty to share.
5	Spent a week in Vegas, and I would have to say this was the Best meal I had the entire time we were there. Service was Fantastic and the menu was yummy. Would defiantly recommend to all.
3	Food was good but nothing out of the ordinary.  A little greasy.  Would not make a point of coming back
4	Lupo at Mandalay Bay has been a little bit of a tradition for me. I came here first back in 2000 when Lupo and Mandalay Bay was new. I was on my last night in Vegas from a week of trade show (NAB) and had just a bit of time before heading back to the airport. Saw the place just has you enter the Mandalay from the parking lot and asked if I could eat a full meal in less than an hour since I had a plane to catch. I was promptly given a table and the waiter took my order diligently. I was able to enjoy a glass of sweet vermouth while waiting for my meal. Everything was quite good from the antipasto, the pasta plate and the tiramisu... all in less than an hour.Been quite happy with the result, Lupo became my tradition for my last night at NAB (National Association of Broadcasters convention) every year since. The first time I was alone but the following years it became a group tradition and we came here with group as big as 10 people. Every time the experience has been great!The prices are a bit on the expensive side but nothing outrageous.
4	We were craving a great wood fired pizza while in Vegas and read about Lupo having wood fire pizza.  So went to try it out and was super happy with the food.  We had prosciutto for our appetizer and it was good/OK.  We do have access to imported Prosciutto in S.CA so it was as good as what we can buy at the Meat House.  I got the Prosciutto pizza and my husband got the bolognese.  They had make the spaghetti and wow was it good. We ate half of the pizza but decided to split his Bolognese because we could take the pizza back to the room and eat it later that night.  We will def come back again and try other dishes.
4	Simplicity reigns supreme.  If it were not for the sounds of the slots and the endless parade of badge wearing conventioneers, you could picture this food served at a Tuscan winery.Top props for antipasti, the incredible Zuppa di Fagioli e Farro.  Yep a simple white bean soup.  Creamy from the beans, a subtle heat from the garlic, a hint of rosemary, and acidic balance from tomatoes.  So simple, so good.For pasta, the Scialatelli Ai Quattro Passi (home made, pasta in a sausage Bolognese) is hard to beat.  Perfectly al dente fresh pasta and a rich, mildly spicy sauce.Finally, save room for desert.  This foodie actually went with a group of buddies and ordered them all.  The 15 layer flourless chocolate cake with hazelnuts is amazing.  Not overly sweet, not excessively rich.  Perfect with that double espresso.Portions are very large.  Any single starter or pizza can be a meal in itself.  If possible, share.  The restaurant splits the dishes in the kitchen so the presentation is excellent.The wine list has become more interesting, packed with unique selections with an emphasis on Italian varietals.   Prices remain are good.  Average bottle price: $50.Tip:  Use yelp to book your reservation.  It gets flagged for the hostess.  You will be seated at your reservation time unlike others who made reservations by phone or through their site who still experience a wait beyond their reservation.  (Sorry to use yelp this way but time is money in Vegas!)Highly recommended.
3	The only reason I am giving it three stars was because for the price.  The food was probably closer to a 4, but at $160, pre-tip, for three people without dessert and only  $45 worth of drinks), it just seemed high.  We shared a mushroom pizza for an appetizer.  It had a nice crust, good sauce and was actually very good.  I had the grilled sea bass over greens, there was also a pasta dish with mushrooms and a shrimp risotto.  Everyone liked what they had, though nothing was tremendous.  The wait staff was very nice and moved our table when to an outer table that wasn't as noisy as where we had initially sat.  I feel bad giving this place a three but price should play a role in how places are rated . . . .
5	Short and sweet...I absolutely love this restaurant. The staff is super nice and the food is delicious.  Check it out.
5	Nom Nom, had the Fetuccine e Funghi di Bosco and it was heavenly.  I want to eat it every time I think of it!  The butter garlic parmesan sauce was wonderful and the whole flavor profile worked well with the mushrooms and peas. I ate the entire thing and felt like a pig!  I couldn't help it.  And even though it was wonderful, I didn't want to share one bite, i wanted it all for myself.  I definitely will be eating here again the next time I go to Vegas.  The only complaint I have is that we were sitting in a patio type area that was really in the casino- I really prefer to forget that I'm even in Las Vegas if at all possible. But if I closed my eyes and savored the pasta, I almost could..
4	Outstanding service.  Upped the rating one star for the service.  Nice atmosphere on the "patio".  Not too loud the night we were there.  Great antipasto meat board.  Decent wine selection though a bit pricey.  Osso Buco was very good.  All other diners really enjoyed their food.  Compared to other restaurants in Mandalay Bay, this one is almost affordable for a nice night out.
5	Some of the best calamari I've ever eaten.  I also had a wonderful pasta dish with mushrooms, including shaved black truffles.  Generous portions, delicious food, and wonderful service made this a very memorable meal!  I will definitely be back.
3	more like 3.5 stars. located in THE hotel, Lupo is, in typical Wolfgang Puck fashion, americanized Italian food. I have been here for dinner a few times, usually come when I want a nicer meal (aka NOT fast food or buffet) but don't want to get dressed up or to spend my life savings on dinner. Perhaps it is my ordering...I have no really ventured out to try the other dishes other than the pasta... but I find Lupo to be simply okay. I could never bash the food, but it is also not the first restaurant I would recommend In Las Vegas. Here is what my routine has been the past 3 times i have gone: order a pasta ($20 +)..then fill up on bread...bam I am full and waddling out of the restaraunt. Sure,  it is good pasta..but i wouldn't alert the media about it.  If you want a nice meal that wont break the bank and is away from the craziness that Vegas, Lupo would be it. If you want a place to really wine and dine someone, then there are places better suited for such a date.
3	I am usually a fan of Wolfgang Puck restaurants but I have to admit when I saw the exceedingly boring menu here I was not overly excited for the upcoming meal. In a group of four women with very different palates, Italian is usually the easy choice since we all enjoy pasta and some good Italian wine. However, the pasta dishes at Lupo sounded so heavy that we instead ordered a couple of the flatbread pizzas. This turned out to be the more economical choice since they were the cheapest items on the menu and turned out to be large enough to split between two people. We did also make the mistake of ordering the bruscetta to start with but none of us could stomach the white bean paste that was the base so this appetizer went mostly uneaten.If I were rating this place based on the food I would have to give it two stars (and that's being generous) since this neopolitan style of pizza has become so common that I can truly say that I have "experienced better" at nearly half a dozen places. Also, the decor was a bit boring and it is one of those restaurants that is open to the casino so you can see all the tourists walking by and have to talk over the din of the crowds which I absolutely hate. However, I am giving them an extra star due to the wonderful service we received. Our waiter was fantastic. He was very knowledgeable of the menu and graciously answered our questions without sounding condescending. I was also very impressed that he was able to recommend a wine that went perfectly with my artichoke and goat cheese flatbread (a difficult pairing, I think) and a delicious cocktail to my sister when she simply described what she was in the mood to drink without being very specific. As you can tell, we were mostly there to drink and socialize rather than eat and he let us linger at the table for almost an hour after our food arrived, continuing with the same attentive service but with absolutely no pressure to leave even though it was a full house in the middle of Saturday night dinner hour.I think this place is a good option if you want a simple meal in a casual casino environment. Its definitely not a destination restaurant but I would consider eating here again if I was staying on property.
4	A work group of six ate at Lupo. The food was very good something for everyone. I had a glass of nebbiolo, but the wine by the glass selection needs to be expanded. Service was good at the beginning, but as the restaurant got full, the service got so bad we decided to leave and find dessert and after dinner drinks elsewhere.
4	I'm a fan of Wolfgang Puck's restaurants: I've arranged layovers at O'Hare just to get the butternut squash soup, I've used Disney Dining credits at the location in Orlando, and The Bar & Grill at MGM has been a favorite stop in LV. So of course we had to try Lupo. Pear salad was flavorful. Really enjoyed the seafood risotto, which they customized to leave off the mussels at my request. The chicken picatta was extremely light with capellini pasta, paired well with a glass of Riesling. Went with the apple crostada for dessert, also perfectly prepared. Food was 5-star, but subtracting 1 star for the restaurant layout, really lacked ambience.
5	Our favorite at Mandalay Bay.  Two perfect meals.  We let our server choose the entree and wine and couldn't be more satisfied.
3	I've dined here on numerous occasions when in town on business. This is a very nicely appointed venue situated in the heart of the Mandalay Bay Hotel restaurant row.  The layout includes a swanky bar area, interior tables and patio tables that overlook the pedestrian infested promenade. The menu is well rounded and complimented by an extensive wine list. My dinner samplings here have always been nicely prepared, tasteful, satisfying and supported by excellent service as one would expect from a Wolfgang Puck signature establishment. The downside of this establish is the convenience factor pricing for a simple meal that might include an appetizer or salad, entree and a single adult beverage that averages $60+ person excluding gratuity. Yeah, dining is expensive in Vegas hotels but a large party would be far better served to hop in a taxi and head off to several off strip options that rock Italian food at half the price.
1	I just attended a $90 special prix-fixe dinner party at this dreadful restaurant. It was one of the worst meals I've ever had. It cost us $90 a head for just an appetizer, salad and main course -- no dessert or beverage of any sort. Maybe that would've been ok if the food was delicious but it wasn't special. And the entree was horrible. On top of that, service was slow. We were seated by 8:30 p.m. and couldn't wait to pay our bill and leave by 10:30 p.m.The meal started with an antipasto appetizer sampling that gave us each one little meatball, a small slice of pizza, and a slice of bruschetta (chopped tomatoes on a small slice of Italian bread). From there, we proceeded to the cesar-ish salad, which was acceptably dressed but not amazing. Plus, the croutons were little rocks. As for the entree, we had a choice between chicken or a pork chop. The pork  chop sounded like a better value dollar-wise but it ended up being a huge chunk of meat with just a dot of veggie puree spooned into the center of the plate. No one sitting around me finished their main course. I didn't either.  I'm here attending a convention and am sorely disappointed because the fancy food in Vegas is supposed to be good. If you're at the Manadalay Bay, there are plenty of other brand name restaurants here to try. Skip Lupo. If you're on a budget, there's an all-you-can eat buffet place that costs about 30 bucks, which is probably a good option for a group of people who might have various eating issues. Personally, I've had two meals at one of the lower priced restaurants, Red White and Blue, where a hamburger will still set you back $15 to $18 -- but the food and service are good. Check out my review for that place!
3	Good food nice atmosphere, service was not great. I had a pasta dish that was a good choice. Bucatini, a little spicy. It worked but not a top 10 dish. The calamari was nice and the pizza was real good. Still better than David Burke Steak in Chicago....that place stinks
5	Can't tell you why this place is rated so low, maybe people don't know what to order?  But the food we had here was outstanding! After a long day at a conference (ha!) we decided to frequent the closest Puck restaurant.  My fiance & I initially wanted the same dish, but ultimately decided on a second one so we could better experience their menu.First up is the Ricotta Gnocchi which was out of this world great; It was fully flavorful and cooked with great care.  I know it sounds odd, but sometimes it can be a little overcooked to the point when it almost seems like a rubbery ball of cheese (though anything with cheese is still good).  However, this establishment's version was cooked so well that the exterior merely held the wonderful flavors inside rather than detracting from the overall taste. Definitely one of the better gnocchi dishes that I've had, 5+ stars.Second on our list was the Green Lasagna.  Now, don't laugh at my naivety (or stupidity) but I expected green to mean vegetarian, so I was happily surprised when the meal arrived at I realized that there was meat inside 0:-).  Overall, the meal was very good as it tasted great and had a smooth consistency like a knife through warm butter, yet firm enough to refrain from spilling out.  It also had a great blend of flavors as their cheese-to-meat-to-pasta ratio was spot on and I also recommend this dish to others, 4 stars.Being in love with Italian food, I'm always weary of restaurants that come with high praise because quite often they fail.  However, Lupo exceeded my expectations and definitely fit the bill of what people expect from a Puck-staurant.
4	Artichoke Salad, Potato Gnocchi, Chicken Picatta.  Done.  By vegas standards, priced well for what you get.  Server seemed distracted when we got there, but came through in the end.  Good experience.
3	3.5 starsThis is the second Wolfgang restaurant I've been to in Vegas.  My conclusion is that they're both good but nothing spectacular.  BUT, I must say that we LOVED the CAESAR SALAD.  Something about the dressing was different and good.  They sprinkle red pepper flakes on top which gives it a nice balance.  My bf and I shared a margherti pizza.  It was good but nothing special.  I did like that they put more cheese than average because it bulked it up a bit.  My bf said that he wishes the crust was crispier.  The long bread appetizer they give you is cool.  You get a white bean dipping sauce and a olive tapanade dipping sauce.  I enjoyed the bean one and my bf like the olive one...I ended up dipping my pizza in the rest of the bean sauce. hmm..
4	Was a little skeptical being right in the middle of Mandalay Bay, but very pleasantly surprised.  2 kids 2 adults with wine and tip less than $200.  My sons loved the 4 cheese ravioli ($18 I think).  The liver was the best I have ever had ($28).  Also loved the mussel appetizer.  A little kick to it, but even the kids loved it.  Friendly service, timely.  Nice atmosphere.    I would do it all again.
4	The fettuccine e Funghi di Bosco was one of the best dishes I ever had.
5	Hollllly crap.  The fungus pizza was enough for me to be won over (and it helps that someone else picked up the bill).  Quite a few people in our group opted for the bunny (ahem, rabbit) and loved it.  My husband & I split the gnocchi in a red, meaty sauce - it was pretty good. The flavor paled in comparison to the rest of the spread on the table, but as a stand-alone, I think I'd be pleased.  Overall we loved our night at Lupo!
3	We had dinner at Lupo the day we arrived in Vegas.  Our experience was not very pleasant.  The hostess tried to seat us in the doorway at first, but we rejected it and were finally seated in a decent place.  The service was not good - our waiter kept apologizing for the long waits - including our drinks and food.  The food was fair.  We ordered risotto and a salmon entree.  The risotto was crunchy and the portion was small for the price.  I ordered a beer and it came in a glass that was chipped and cracked.  We had show tickets at the Mirage and were'nt able to eat without rushing.  We loved staying at the Mandalay Bay but wouldn't go to Lupo's if we returned.
4	Came here with a group of 20 and the service was beyond unbelievable.  We started with some appetizers and white burgundy, and there was nothing amazing of them.   But, my husband and I split the seafood risotto and their house special of Dover sole over sauteed spinach.  Both dishes were delicious.  For dessert, you have to get the crispy donuts.  This place rocked!My only criticism is that for large groups, you get this table that is higher than regular tables, and it's hard for children to get on and off of them.
5	Vegas has a plethora of excellent high-end restaurants. This one, however, holds a special place in my heart for its amazing ricotta gnocci.I. Love. Gnocci.The best gnocci I ever had prior to this was in Naples, FL at Campiello (http://www.yelp.com/biz/campiello-naples#hrid:vmKiiJpIzWqUJfECK8SfYg)The ricotta gnocci served here was in a completely different league. The texture was heavenly--soft but slightly chewy, exactly how gnocci should be. Although the sauce left something else to be desired, the incredible taste and mouthfeel of the gnocci more than made up for it. I also got a taste of the seafood risotto and fried sole, both of which were excellent.We finished off dinner with some limoncello and all was good with the world.
4	Had low expectations and was surprised.  Nice ravioli and cheese cake.  Was conducive to conversation and relaxation with decent pricing.
3	I don't pretend to be a gourmet, but while at Wolfgang Puck's Lupo I was drawn to the Polpette di Carne e Funghi (essentially a meatball & mushroom pizza). It was truly delicious. Ingredients do make a difference huh Wolfgang? I was surprised that the restaurant is essentially tucked in the side of a hallway in the Mandalay Bay. $16 for the pizza I didn't think was bad but $12 for a Caesar salad? Our waiter Scott was attentive and friendly. But I'm subtracting another star because this other waiter serving the table against the wall behind me kept bumping me every time he went by. Dude! Seriously? I'm trying to eat my meatball pizza here!
3	Food was very good, but did not "wow" me, which I expected coming from Wolfgang Puck. The sea bass was cooked right, but not as flavorful as hoped. The service was downright poor.  We had a party of 4 - one person's meal came out 30 min after the other three. Then at dessert, the person who ordered gelato, was served 30 min after everyone else had finished their dessert. There was no explanation or apology - just a big check. There are better choices in the Mandalay Bay.
4	Located in the beautiful Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino, right across from Red Square, this restaurant has a plush and modern feel to it. You may sit either indoors or "outdoors," the latter opening up to the inside esplanade. I thought Lupo had a more upscale and exclusive look than the prices indicated. But this is a good thing. The food is excellent. I went with one of their signature dishes, the organic chicken. My wife opted for a pepperoni pizza. We shared. We loved both. Noise level is perfect for having conversations. And the patio seating offers some world class people watching as it's near on of the main entrances. I think you'll appreciate Lupo as a place that delivers a high-class feel, excellent service, great cuisine, and a price that won't bust your budget.
4	Very good. A bit chilly sitting "outdoors".Our waiter kept trying to upsell. Thirsty...
5	A former colleague and I were in Vegas for CES. Lupo was a new dining experience for both of us regular Vegas foodies.  Reservations suggested (OpenTable). The wine list was extensive and more then adequate.  We shared the bruschetta (a meal by itself), split the Mista salad (a dressing that compliments the greens) and both of us selected the grilled marinated lamb chops.  Warning: If one of your party orders the lamb chops, the others will be jealous. We kept reminding ourselves that it would be bad manners to gnaw on the bones. Just awesome chops.The servers were knowledgable, polite and attentive.One and only negative: We were seated "outside." The noise level from the casino lounge band (covering 80's rock) was a bit annoying.We'll be back.
3	Party of 14.  The server was knowledgeable.  Appetizers were great (came out before the wine was poured) but 2 of our entrees did not come out and took 13 minutes to arrive.  Unacceptable!!! for a tab that was over 3000$ everyone was running around like crazy and there was no manager visit to the table, totally unacceptable.  I had the seabass dish and the bed of seafood was cold, didn't bother to say anything because I didn't want the re-fire to take 20min.  Overall for a celebrity chef restaurant I expected better.Word of mouth will compromise your restaurant in the end you need to strive for better no matter the how busy it is.
5	I took my friend here on a Saturday night. After dinner we both looked at each other and decided that this was in the top 10 of our favorite meals. Like EVER. We made reservations, and were seated immediately. We asked for a table "inside" instead of "outside" where you are in the casino area and can people watch. Inside just seemed a little more intimate, and nicer for conversation. We were seated in a booth which was very comfy! Our server Steve was AMAAAAAZING. Like beyond amazing. Here is why. After we ordered our drinks (bottle of Prosecco), I asked about the artichoke salad that I had heard so much about, but couldn't find on the menu. He said it was no longer on the menu, but he would ask the chef if they could make it just for us. And guess what - They could!!! Not only was I SOOOO excited (it was AMAZING by the way, and lived up to it's rumors of greatness), but I can't believe he offered. That was going above and beyond of us, and it just made us feel extra special. We also ordered the mussels as our appetizer, and it was another flavorful dish. My friend let Steve know that she only ate fish (no meat products), and he told her that the white bean puree they bring out at the start of the meal is cooked with pork. Once again, exceeding our expectations and letting us know what foods she could and couldn't eat. Our entrees were just an flavorful and delicious as our appetizers. I had the lamb chops which were to die for! They were seasoned and cooked perfectly. The cheesy grits were amazing, but knowing I was going to order dessert, I only ate half. My friend had the Branzino (sea bass), and was extremely pleased. She cleaned her whole plate, so obviously she enjoyed it. DESSERT - oh Steve, you haven't let us down yet, so what do you recommend? The cheesecake he said. We looked at him like he was crazy. The best dessert you have is cheesecake? Really Steve? Well, we are both fans of friends warm desserts, so we had to get the Zeppole (little doughnuts with caramel sauce). BUT we decided to splurge and get the cheesecake too. OMG - Steve didn't let us down! It was THE BEST CHEESECAKE I HAVE EVER HAD. And when I say the BEST, I really mean it. It was a creamy dream. It was so flavorful (ricotta & mascarpone cheeses), and the graham cracker crust added the perfect crunch. The Zeppole was delicious too (we ate all 6). Should you come here? YES. ABSOLUTELY. DON'T THINK ABOUT GOING ANYWHERE BUT HERE. It was amazing. When you have SOOO many places in Vegas that have amazing food, the good service really stands out. If I eat good food, but the service is bad I won't come back. If the food is good and the service is AMAZING like it was here at Lupo, I will not only come back, but I'll write a review on Yelp and tell everyone I know they have to come here for dinner.
4	Felt a bit like stepping into a NYC restaurant, perfect amount of light, noise and beautiful people.  Dinner was consistent and very good.  Service was quick and efficient.  My caesar salad and linguine vongole were perfectly garlicky and al dente, just the way I like them.
2	One thing a lot of people don't know about me is that I'm a marathoner. No, not a MARINER. You think I can afford a boat? I'm a poor twenty-something! I said a MARATHONER. A runner! Yes, I am aware that this hobby of mine completely contradicts my semi-functional alcoholic lifestyle. I mean...how does one complete strict training regimen when you pretty much breathe alcohol instead of oxygen? The answer, of course, is by cutting out everything that is both fun and emotionally gratifying for 1/4 of a year at a time. Including alcohol. That's marathon training. It sucks. You stay at home 7 nights a week making sure you've taken in the proper ratio of carbs to proteins to fats, getting a lot of rest, and bumming people out when they ask why they haven't seen you for 10 weeks.So I went to Vegas to run the marathon in early December. My pre-race carbo-load dinner was supposed to be at...I don't remember where we were supposed to go, but we wound up at Lupo. Our waiter was friendly, but he also tended to forget we were there for long stretches of time...like when we needed to order our food, and then again later while we were waiting for our food. I'm pretty sure for 45 minutes after we told him what we wanted to eat he just wandered aimlessly doing God knows what, and never actually placed our order.We started with a pizza. Some idiot at the table (probably my mom) said, "I don't know, guys, I think the mushroom and caramelized onion and fontina cheese pizza looks good." As if pizza can BE any good without copious amounts of meat on there. That's not true. In my opinion the best slice of cheese pizza can run laps around the best pepperoni slice. Get it? That's a running joke. Because the theme of this review is running.I ordered the Fettuccine e Funghi di Bosco (wild mushrooms, garlic, English peas, parmesan butter sauce) most likely because I didn't hear the pizza order. Otherwise I wouldn't have gotten ANOTHER dish with mushrooms in it. Because I'm such a pain in the ass I asked the waiter if they could add a small grilled chicken breast to the pasta, and he was very accommodating. He even offered to use fancier chicken but I had to kill his fancy chicken dream and tell him basic chicken would do.No matter the chicken, service was slow. We waited what felt like an eternity four our food. It got so the manager came over and said that HE was going to help expedite our order. We never complained. We were happy just to be there, my mom, my sister and I. It was like we were a family again. A hungry family being deprived of food. The server and the manager just took turns every ten minutes giving us updates. They paid such close attention to us it was as if we were Lupo royalty, only instead of star treatment we received no food.Finally, two dishes (not mine!) were served cold. All in all it was just a bummer of a meal. Courteous but also tedious. For the price, there are no less than thirty restaurants on the strip I'd sooner return to before I try Lupo again.I set a personal best with my marathon time the next day. Whether my dinner at Lupo had anything to do with it, I'll never know. Because how the hell does one measure the precise effect one's dinner has on an athletic performance the following day? What am I, a scientist? I can barely transfer food from my plate to my mouth!
4	What a surprise! This was the first Wolfgang Puck restaurant that I actually really liked! It may have helped that our reservation was while the Superbowl was still on but nevertheless our waiter was very attentive and always there when we needed him - in a good way.The food was very good if ultimately not really memorable. I had a grilled Octopus Salad that was very good and the Shortribs for dinner which were very good as well. Others really enjoyed the calf liver.All in all a very nice dinner experience.
1	Wolfgang Struck out on this one.  7 member squad and nobody liked it.  Very bland, very boring.  We're all from NJ & NY so maybe that's why??  Wouldn't spend another dollar there again.
3	Overall the food was average for the price. $13 for side of Cesar salad that has four roman lettuce leaves. This Wolfgang Puck is definitely not as good as the others. The pasta was overcooked and the pizza was burned on the bottom. We has to laughed when the breadstick is just wrapped in napkin and left on the table without any container.
3	The food was excellent the server next to our table was great ours not so good. Didn't tell us about any specials, was never anywhere to be found we had to ask for him numerous time for refills, after we finished with our entree we waited minimum 15 minutes for our plates to be cleared at that point we had to ask someone to find our server for the dessert menu. If it was a busy night I would understand but the fact is; it wasn't busy!
5	Amazing.  The food was great. Went there for a friend's birthday.  It was six entrees and a bottle of champagne.  We were ready for a $400 tab, at least. Which we were more than happy about because the food and the service was above and beyond. When Michael,  our waiter comes out and tells us that it is also the chef's birthday and every year he offers to pick up the tab for a table who is also celebrating a birthday. Needless to say, it was a pleasant surprise. This place made our night.
4	Usually I don't like eating where all restaurants are bundled up as you kind of have the good with the bad.  China Grill used to be around here and it closed which it should have.  This is my second time at Lupo and it was excellent.  Staff was very helpful and engaged.  It was busy and we had about 6 people but got in quickly.  The food was excellent especially for the price.  I had eaten at Charlie Palmer's the night before and it was pretty expensive but good but Lupo's was good and it was not a gouge.  I had pasta with seafood and the portion was large and the seafood was 'aplenty. We all said we would do it again. I highly recommend.
4	This restaurant wasn't our initial pick but it turned out really good. My husband ordered a huge steak that came perfect. I ordered salmon and it came as I requested. The setting is nice. The servers are very professional. Available seating and no long wait time. I'd come back again!
5	Lupo is the place we keep going back to on trips to Vegas. The staff are attentive, the food is amazing. The restaurant itself is on the edge of the casino, so you don't ever feel separated from it, but this really isn't relevant to the meal.Highly recommended.
5	For a bunch of guys who are difficult to please for our last evening we selected Lupo's at our hotel  Had been here in the past and years ago it was pretty weak.  Last couple of trips it turned the corner and now they are running on all cylinders.  The General Manager Johnny was there at every turn and we were seated nicely at a round 8 top.  Atmosphere is modern, and italian eclectic if I had to give it a name.  Menu changes I believe weekly and they have nightly specials as well as they will pretty much make whatever you wish. Seated and nice Brunello Del Montacino is ordered a big pricey on the mark up from $60.00 to $145.00 but an excellent wine.  Large giant long breadsticks were presented along with a garlic bread that was killer.  Went with a couple of the special appetizers tonight which consisted of  various Italian Cold Cuts, homemade Burrata cheese and fresh Prociutto de Parma, Fried Calamari, steamed mussles iin red sauce, steamed clams in white sauce and shrimp in lemon butter & Garlic.  Folks I could have stopped right there as we kept ordered more  of everything it was that good. All the meats and cheeses were fresh and tasty, while all the fish was clean and hot sauces excellent.  We moved on to various entrees with a house margaritta pizza topped with baby arrugla.. excellent.  A veal Melenze pounded topped with olive oil, balsalmic and Arrugala.  A few Veal Lombata parmginana excellent large lightly battered veal chop pounded served with a delicate marinara and fresh cheese.  Couple of house pastas and a chicken with lemon, white wine and rosemary was also a winner here. All and all an great meal start to finish.lHouse Zeppoles were sent over complimentary for desert... Bottom line top recomendation for this traveler.
3	Loud restaurant with a lot of Mandalay Bay traffic passing.  Excellent waiter who was very helpfuly.  Our party of five consumed 4 bottles of the excellent Chianti he suggested.  An italian restaurant has to have good bread and Lupo's was great.  I had the sausage ragout with house-made noodles.  Not a standout, but good quality.  Wife's ravioli was closer to Chef-Boy-Ardee.  House salads were huge and very good.  Pricing was pretty reasonable for a Wolfgang Puck restaurant at Mandalay Bay.  Have never been willing to pay extra for a "celebrity chef" restaurant and wouldn't for this one.  Overall, good experience.  Could have been the wine.
4	Lupo was fantastic! A perfect Italian meal! I suggest sitting inside though, as the outside seating reminded me of being in a mall, which is not very romantico. The food was delish and our waiter was great and very accommodating. My boyfriend wasn't sure which pasta dish to get and the waiter said he could just give him half of both for his meal. Our favorite dish was the Linguine alle Vongol. The bill wasn't bad at all either. We will be back!
4	Best lasagna I've ever had! My friend got the ravioli which I tried and it was also delicious. The tomatoes sauce was really fresh. The service was good and our waiter was attentive but it took a while to get our food out.
4	They were slammed especially for a Tuesday night and apparently not ready for it. We had a service fiasco and just before I spewed a rant, the manager Lee defused me like a pro, and comped 50 $ worth of food and drink. He must have come back to us 2 more times to apologize and see how the food was. The shaved artichoke salad, prosciutto n burrata, the salmon entree, and the grilled chop with pork belly were flawless. The Pork Chop here maybe the best ive had anywhere. Our server, bartender, Kerry(There are 2 Kerrys. This one was Black.) was dry and inattentive. He was overwhelmed and was pissed places was understaffed. I understand. But take that out on your bosses not paying customers like me who work their asses off to buy $16 appetizer salads.This place was hopping and i liked the inside a lot. Everyone i dealt with there was a jag from the guy up from who wouldnt give me a table because i was 15 mins late for my reservation to the bartenders, to the manager in training who was to afraid of me to listen to my beef. But the GM Lee was a pro. Shit happens. It is how you handle the crap that matters. He handled it as good as can be. Food was awesome. We ll give it another twirl.
5	We have dined here before and have been very happy with it.  Well, it was no different this time around.  Were seated promptly.  We got a table inside, which is what wanted.  I loved my cocktail, I don't remember what it was called, but it was gin, elderflower, and maraschino liqueur.  We both had the shaved baby artichoke salad, which was delicious, as were our main dishes, the lemon chicken piccata and the bucatini amatriciana.  Our deep-voiced server was great!  I'm sure the desserts are great too, but we had to pass on those :(  Loved it, and will definitely return.
3	I come from an Italian family, so I had high expectations when I went to Lupo.  The food was a little bland.  The atmosphere was nice and the cocktails were excellent.  Service was just OK.  Our experience was not terrible, just not really worth a return visit.
4	We decided to grab a quick pizza here before a Santana concert. Because we are familiar with the Wolfgang Puck restaurants, we knew that the these pizza would not just sit on your stomach the way most pizzas do. The food was excellent as expected, the service was very good, and the price was reasonable for what you get. If you are at Mandaly Bay or just going for a show or concert at the House of Blues. this is a great place for a quick meal before or after the show.
4	This place is always busy so book early or stand around waiting for a bar seat to open up. We ordered the following:Burratta - this came on sweet tomatoes and was delish!Shrimp on white beans - Nice but a little saucy for me. Meritage has the best type of this dish in the world. If you want to know where it is read my review of it.Pasta with wild mushrooms - very fresh tasting and a good portion to share.Asparagus - average, nothing too great, it would be better just grilledI ended up mixing the pasta with the shrimp and that combination worked really well. You should try it.
2	Food was subpar.  Clams were not fresh.  Service made up for a little bit of it.  Our waiter was really attentive.
4	Go for the pastas
1	I cannot give a score on the restaurant because we never made it past the host stand.  We arrived with a group wanting to drink and eat at the long table in the bar.  After having the same convesation with the hostess three times about (1) that we were eating and (2) that yes, I would like her to clean the table for us (it was literally like three rounds of ground hog day) she told us that we could not sit there because two people were already ready there.  Two people at a communcal table for 20.That was when I lost my mind.  And we left.  The worst hostess experience ever.
2	Had high hopes like I said had. Service was good but how many times are you going to bother us and ask how things are? Capreese was  tasty so was desert but our main meal was the green lasagna and it tasted like sponge.. It was all cheese, noodle and no meat. The best lasagna I have in town is at Brio's .... so guess I am spoiled but this really as horrible.... Also while I like the idea of siting outside I will never sit against the outside rail again. People walking by with their (*&*^ in your food, really makes for not wanting to eat..... if your looking for good Italian there are much better places in town
5	A restaurant experience which wraps cost effectiveness, ambiance, great service (thanks Michael), fantastic tasting food which manifest a  "wow" at every bite. My wife and I dined @ Lupo prior to attending the Cirque "One" show and the service timing was clearly aligned for us too. Lupo hit all the top requirements for a PERFECT dining experience - Ambiance, Value, Friendly, /several wow moments for the Palate  and Top Service, This will be forever more - one of my top 3 Vegas dining experiences (I will be back).
2	Great location and service but food was fair.  We had the short ribs and they were dry and not very flavorful.  The ravioli tasted like it had tomato soup on it.  The gnocci and lasagna were good though.  So was the chocolate tart! Reasonably priced food.
2	We had reservations for dinner at 5pm. Opening time for Lupo. I checked in 5 minutes prior to opening. The hostess proceeded to seat 4 tables that had no reservations prior to me asking when we were going to be seated. Finally after seating another 2 tables we were seated. I had to ask staff 3 times to replenish our water. After eating our app I had set my app plate to the side with silverware. It sat there. I received my entree "lamb chops" and had to ask the staff for a fork and steak knife. Still the app plate sat on the table. I finally said to the bus help. Is this a fast food restaurant? There is more to the story of terrible service but my point has been made. The food was very good but the service sucks. It should be a Wolfgang Suck not Puck restaurant .
4	I have been here four times and the food is consistently very good and I have found the service to be pretty good as well. If you come in for dinner on a weekend then yes they will be busy so may want to make a reservation. It is a good place to eat so you can't waltz up with 15 people and expect to get seated in 10 min (reading some of these reviews make me laugh)....AP:Bread sticks and olive tapenade is yummy to munch on with a cocktailAP:Calamari was good, included lightly battered zucchini and great spicy marinara sauce.Soup: Minestrone is very good and a good portion. Pasta: I liked the Bucatini which was in a spicy tomato and pancetta sauce. Hearty and good.Main: Chicken Piccata - my favorite dish here is served with a side of angel hair pasta. Three breasts served with lemon butter sauce and capers....melts in your mouth. Best I have ever had I can honestly say.At the Bar: Margarita Pizza with a glass of house Merlot...Yum.
4	My friend recently celebrated her birthday here. A group of fourteen of us invaded Lupo for a meal and bombarded them at different times and parts of the meal. They were able to handle our sporadic coming and going with grace.The food was fantastic. The concept of consistency is ever present in Wolfgang Puck's restaurants. There are never anything too crazy, but it is always solid. My friend and I decided to split a few dishes to try everything out. The buratta and proscuitto is decent. I was hoping that the outside of the cheese had more of a consistency. Instead, the whole piece had the feel of ricotta. The gnocchi in tomato sauce is splendid though. The bite sized pillows of potato flour and cheese are heavenly. The grilled octopus is melt in your mouth tender. At this point, I was full, but we keep pushing on. The pork chop and pork belly with apple compote is amazing. So is the osso bucco. Both main items are the best offerings on the menu. I was stuffed to the brim, but dessert was ordered. The cheesecake was light and I could have polished one off in state. The panna cotta with cherries was another favorite of the night. It just needed a little more texture. By the end, I was ready to roll out of the restaurant. It was a great experience from start to finish.
4	I thought the food and service here was splendid!  We had sea bass and lamb chops.  The olive tapenade and homemade breadsticks were a nice accompaniment to our meal.  I actually had to use my phone to google some of the menu items, who knew that sea bass is also called Branzini?  The food was delicious I just wished we had a more private seating arrangement. The ambiance of our seating was lousy, as there was a table with young children nearby (for 8 pm Saturday dinner), and loud party girls chanting over shots at the nearby bar rail.  Also we were seated next to a corner so lots of people were hurrying around.  Despite that, the service was great and the food was thoroughly enjoyed.
4	Stopped in for a quick meal before the Michael Jackson show (Superb as well!) The homemade, very long breadsticks with the olive tapenade was a great starter. I could have been happy with that. I had the linguini with clams and a calamari appetizer. Very, very good. Service was excellent. You just can't go wrong with a Wolfgang restaurant...Lupo means Wolf! Highly recommend!
3	Great food, very very slow service (took an hour to get entrees) and a poor wine list. Unless you really know your Italian wines very poor selection for the California grape lovers.
4	Solid - really solid. I know - a Las Vegas strip restaurant? Well - this place is a genuinely solid restaurant with wonderful service. I should say from the outset, I'm not a Vegas fan. I don't like the sensory overload experience. However, I find myself coming here a few times a year. Historically, I stay off the strip and find restaurants in the netherlands of the Vegas metro area. This trip required that we stay on the Strip. I was a bit concerned about our eating options.Lupo did not disappoint. The house-made pasta, the generously cut meats, the fantastic salads - everything about Lupo is a really top-notch dining experience. We had out 3 year old with us. We ordered a "cheese pizza" (not an item on the menu, but the server kindly helped to make it happen) and our daughter did not like the artisan nature of the pie. The server saw her discontent and helped to get a dish of pasta in butter and cheese sauce.If you find yourself in Vegas and on the Strip (umm, I guess that is a bit of a misnomer statement; as everyone who comes to Las Vegas eventually comes to the Strip) - make Lupo an evening event. The food, the service - they are both worth the visit.
5	My boyfriend and I ate here a couple months ago and to this day we continue to rave about how wonderful our experience was. The hostess was great, our server was very knowledgable and fun and the back servers were extremely attentive. Our server's name was Steve and he had to have been the best server we have had all year long. The ricotta stuffed gnocchi were phenomenal. We are definitely planning a trip back and are requesting Steve to wait on us again
5	The food here is amazing! Everything we ordered was great, I'll definitely be coming back.
4	It sure does pay to have the Yelp app!  Dinner with my cousin & his wife was definitely guided by the positive reviews here, and thanks to all of the collective Yelpers who posted pics of the food.  Everything looked great!There is a special appetizer plate that isn't even on the menu, but thanks to the Yelp photos we knew what it would look like.  Why isn't it on the menu??  It's awesome!  Olives, parmesan cheese, soprasatta, ham, and a make-your-own bruschetta with lightly grilled bread, chopped tomato & pesto mayonnaise.  I was a little disappointed at first because it seems like caprese salad is no longer on the menu, but just ask the waiter if the special appetizer is available & GET IT.  It's really good.I got the minestrone soup & it was fine, but the highlight for me was definitely the Amatriciana pasta.  Sure, you can make pasta at home, but my pasta never came out like this!  It's slightly spicy, with *perfectly* cooked pasta & prosciutto.  If you can't decide what to get, this is a very safe choice.The service is very attentive, and they for some reason they give you very small water glasses, which meant that our busboy had to stop by every 5 minutes & refill our water.  And this is one of those fancy places, so he covers the side of the glass facing you with a napkin as he pours water, just in case he gets a drop on your $10,000 titanium Rolex.  Just go.  The food here definitely gets an A!
4	Delicious!!!  Don't hesitate just go!Service- excellent!  The servers were very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu.  Food-  Broccolini was good but it had a bit too much butter for my taste.  We have significantly cut down on the artery cloggers in our house and this was a bit overboard for us!  Tasty though!Lasagne-  bolognese with a bechamel!  Rich and delicious!  The best lasagne I've ever tasted!Chicken piccata-  one of my favorites and WP didn't disappoint!  Had to add a side of angel hair pasta otherwise it would have been a plate of meat!  So good!I would definitely return!  House made pasta is always a good choice!
5	Get reservations!We did.  Seated right away.  Service was spot on.  The long bread sticks with the two dipping sauces was fun.  My dinner salad (no cheese) was amazing and the vegan suggested option, the mushroom pasta, hold the cheese, was very good.  Pasta was perfectly cooked.  They even had a smoked porter beer.  The other dinner guests all were happy with their food choices.A very good, if a bit pricey, alternative in Las Vegas.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for dinner because we were staying at Mandalay Bay and I am glad we did! We were seated right away and the service was very attentive. To start we ordered bruschetta which was a generous portion and delicious and fresh.  I had gnocchi in a bolognese sauce which was amazing. My boyfriend got the pepperoni pizza which was good but he liked the gnocchi more.  The server also suggested a bottle of Berringer wine which was very good.  The menu online doesn't have prices which made me skeptical at first but the prices are on the menu in the restaurant and run around $15-$30 per entree.  Very good!!
2	Really disappointed in this place. Was here for a business dinner so we were in back in the private dining room.  It was a fixed menu so perhaps that influences my review but there was nothing in the meal that had any flavour.  I typically expect when going to a decent place that there is some taste to the food so that I don't have to get my flavour via salt and pepper but sadly that was not the case here.  While the service was great and very prompt the meals themselves were very dull and uninspired.  Perhaps it was just an off night but others at my table also felt the same way.  With so many good places to eat in Vegas not sure I'll give this one a second chance.
2	If you look for the salads on the menu, there are none listed.  But rest assured, they do have a few.  Let's focus on the Caesar for a minute shall we?  Pretty standard, right?  I may be wrong, but are chili flakes standard on a Caesar?  Should I have known to ask for no chili flakes?  I'd expect to ask for no anchovies or croutons or parmesan (gasp, I would NEVER), but "hold the chili flakes?"  Um. NO. Sorry. I've said it before and I'll say it again, pepper of ANY kind on ANY salad should be left to the discretion of the person consuming it.  And if it's a go, it should be done to taste--their taste, not the chefs.  That is NOT the case at Lupo.  So on the off chance that I'm not in the majority, please ask them to hold the chili flakes on the caesar.  I stand firm on the fact that not everyone has a taste for pepper and because of this, Lupo will only be getting 2 stars.  I'm giving an extra for the ambience (Vegas, people-watching, etc).  And in case you were wondering--yes, I asked the waitress what was wrong with the salad and it was her who pointed out the chili flakes.  I told her it was inedible and she shrugged and said "sorry, that's how they prepare it here."  She then took the full, uneaten plate away, charging me for every single uneaten piece of green and flake.  UGH!!But the filet was good....
5	You can never go wrong with the Puck restaurants, and Lupo is no exception. Contrary to other reviews, I found the dishes to be flavorful and perfectly cooked. We started with the Caesar salad and cocktails. The Moscow Mule might be the best I've ever had, with a perfect balance of sweet, sour, and spice. The lasagna was rich and delicious, but I actually preferred the light and fresh flavor of my wife's dish: the four cheese ravioli. Can't want to go back!
5	My take on Lupo.  YOU MUST GO THERE!  My boyfriend and I chose Lupo for a nice meal while staying in Vegas - we were not disappointed.  Made the reservation with ease.  Seated where we wanted, and were very pleased with Miguel our waiter - he was polite, knowledgeable, helpful, preempted our ever need.  We like to share our orders so we can try more, and wanted more of everything!  I had a glass of Syrah, We had the caprese salad, white bean soup, a sausage pizza, to start - we should have stopped but it was too good to!  We also had the  1/2 chicken, and chicken piccata - with a side of polenta, AMAZING.  Ended the evening with the zappoles - the only to describe them is a chocolate filled donut filled with melted chocolate, dipped in caramel sauce and coffee....I would do it over and over again.  The service was seamless, and exactly what one would expect @ a Puck location - perfection.  The meal with tax was $160 - VERY REASONABLE for what we consumed, we had no problems leaving 20% on top of that.  Enjoy your experience there, it's certainly worth it.  Thank you Lupo!!!
3	Went here with my daughter here after the Las Vegas Bowl Game. They stuck us in a corner in the Private dining area next to a large group evev though the Restaurant was not very busy since it was early in the evening. Whatever- we were starving and looking forward to some great Italian  food. I ordered the 4 cheese raviloli and was quite dissappointed. The sauce was bland and the ravioli was undercooked- the edges weren't just al dente- they were hard. I would have loved to have had a salad with my pasta but none listed on the menu . My daughter had a pizza which she said was fine. The service was good , but overall an underwhelming experience.
1	I first visited lupo a while back when Mandalay bay opened. The place was usually a solid, reliable place with good service - as I would expect from an establishment that has Wolfgang puck's name on. I have visited lupo since then every time we visited Vegas. But it seems that lately, Wolfgang puck does not stand for much anymore.We arrived with a reservation on the allotted time - 6pm. The host seemed a little overwhelmed even though we were the only ones that he had to seat at that time. One of the waiters came over and took us to our table. He told us that we would be getting menus in a minute and left (turns out he wasn't our waiter). 15 minutes later we finally got our menus after the manager noticed we didn't have any. Our waiter - Devin then showed up and took our drink order. And time for another long wait. At that point we were ready to leave -but decided, based on our previous experience to stay. We ordered our entrees - a pizza, fettuccine Alfredo, a mushroom pasta. When the food reached our table we asked for Parmesan cheese. After 5 minutes our waiter showed up with the cheese. The final straw was when I simply asked for a refill on my coke and after 5 minutes realized the waiter completely forgot about it. I called over the manager and asked for a refill. She was very prompt and got it right away. She was the only saving grace in the place. After this poor service I would not visit lupo again, considering all the other available culinary choices. A very poor value if you expect decent service.
5	Altough I had eaten here before, this last time I went was freaking amazing. My friend and I split the steak, a margherita pizza, a cesar's salad, parmesean potatoe puree, and a bottle of Malbec. Everything was DELICIOUS. Wait, I take that back, the two sauces that came with the long breadsticks tasted kind of gnarly. However, the rest of the meal was divine. The steak as so tender and juicy and fatty. That alone made the price worth it. I love you, Wolfgang!
5	My son and I had tickets to see Michael Jackson One at Mandalay Bay, we made reservations to have dinner @ Lupo. We were seated right away and the staff was so kind & pleasant. Thanks to reading yelp reviews before I went, I knew about the salads and that they happily split the dinners (if sharing) before bringing out to the table. Since we were going to the show we split dinner, the caprese salad was perfectly fresh and delicious, the raviolis with sausage on the side was incredibly delicious the seasonings were perfecto! We got a nice bottle of merlot and the dinner atmosphere was fabulous! Our waiter was so informative and knowledgeable so we listened to all that he had to say about each dish! I truly enjoyed dinner and I will be back!
5	This place is amazing!!!! My wife and two friends ate here and it's awesome. Best Italian food around. If you like good cocktails try the Moscow Mule it's to die for. This will be our regular Vegas eating spot that's for sure.
4	Wolfgang Puck has like a million restaurants in Vegas and this one is similar to most of his other traditional Italian restaurants.  You're still able to order gluten free and whole grain pasta if that's what you prefer.  The restaurant was average and service was good but the real review here is for the dish i ordered.  We started off with a caprese salad and it was so good!  The buffalo mozzarella was just right and fresh.  But the memorable part was the entree.  I ordered the pancheta bucatini is it was so well balanced.  The pasta was perfect and the sauce was so good with bites of pancheta was just right.  The portion was good and i ended up finishing the whole thing and even used the bread to soak up whatever sauce was left on the plate.  I would definitely go back for that dish again.Also, try and grab a seat outside the restaurant if you're looking for some entertainment and don't mind the noise.  I was here during dinner on a Friday night and the restaurant is right across from Light night club.  It gets interesting as the line gets longer and longer.  Vegas never disappoints.
3	Good place but not recommended for people who don't eat pork.  There are dishes that looks good but pork inside.  So if you like pork then I recommend this place.
5	LupoField Greens Salad. Excellent, julienne apples, pomegranate and shaved Parmesan with a light vinaigrette. Perfect.Margherita Pizza. Excellent. Just the right amount if tomato sauce, cheese, and basil on a crisp, thin crust. Perfect.Service. At the bar. Excellent. Bartender didn't miss a beat. Welcoming, friendly, efficient. Perfect.Along with a martini, the check was ~$46.
5	While at CES, a small group of us made a reservation at Lupo for dinner - I was a little worried as this is yet another place carrying Puck's name, but I left happy and very satisfied - none of us were disappointed...A few of us arrived early and grabbed a drink at the bar - both of us had higher end whiskey at the bar - prices were fair for what we were drinking. We were seated and ordered appetizers and dinner - all food that everyone ordered was great - I personally had the bruschetta with mortadella, the beef short ribs and polenta - all items were fantastic. Others in my group had the lobster risotto, filet and salmon - all of us had the same though - amazing.Overall the service was great - servers were on top of their game, knowing when we needed something, yet not intrusive. They were even willing to make something that wasn't currently on the menu for one person in our party - their answer to that seemed like it wasn't anything big at all...Next time I'm in Vegas I would definitely consider heading back to this place...
5	Lupo's food is like heaven on earth. Everything on the menu is awe inspiring, even the coffee. I especially loved the fried calamari appetizer and the halibut entree. I've never tasted a better prepared dish. And the presentation of everything is just pure eye candy. The service is a bit intimidating. I feel like they though I was beneath them. All of Las Vegas has a similar service model, where they are technically doing everything right and efficiently, but they seem so insincere and a bit snobby. I just tried to take everything in stride and it was all fine in the end. I would still go back again and again.
4	Each year we take our largest customer to a nice year-end dinner at Lupo and each year. It never facials to impress. From food to beverages, it's a wonderful experience.
5	Always great food and great service and the prices aren't bad either for Vegas.  The salads are tasty and not drowning in dressing.  I don't like olives but the dipping sauce for the bread sticks is really.  I always get the gnocchi which is always tender and tasty.  If you are visiting the south end of the strip, give it a try
2	Food was ok. Some dishes great others lacking. Service was poor. Server non attentive and un-apologetic when she forgot to enter our order. Would not go back as there are better Italian options on the strip.
5	OK, if I could eat here regularly, I would. I was super impressed with the service, selection and quality of the food. I made a reservation on Open Table and they were ready for us when we arrived. Sipped on some prosecco and started with the tomato mozzarella salad, which was out of this world. I then had the gnocchi and literally licked my plate clean. My dining companions also had a great experience and I think Wolfgang has something going here.
3	Just OK a little disappointed..I was alone and felt that I was rushed and ignored.
2	I was not impressed at all. For the prices, the food was very bad. We started with a Caesar salad and bruschetta. Both were very bland and forgettable. I don't mind paying a pretty penny for the strip, but if the quality if not there it is extra painful! The salad was especially bad. It really was the most bland caesar I've ever had. No flavor of citrus, egg yolk, Parmesan, pepper, or anchovy to be found. It tasted like romaine dipped in mayo. It had a few pine nuts thrown in. It had some red pepper flakes in it, which were really strange. Every once in a while I would get a really spicy bight. It didn't blend well with the other mild flavor. We ordered lamb shank and sea bass in broth. The lamb shank was typical braised (pressure cooked?) lamb and just didn't wow me. Parts were dry. The sauce was good but there was very little of it, and the lamb without the sauce was bland. The kale that came with it was good but I would have preferred it a little more al dente. When the sea bass came it had a pretty fishy odor, and not in a yummy fish sauce way but an old fish way. I was scared the fish would taste old, but it was fine. The bass was very crispy but the portion was quite stingy. The broth was ok once I got used to the very stinky smell. It came with a few shrimp and lobsters which were ok. the flavor was a bit bland for my taste. I got a really gruner veltliner with the dinner and the server was ok. I would never go back considering the prices.
5	We have been in Vegas for 5 days on business and have repeatedly had bad service and overpriced average dining experiences. On our final night we decided to try Lupo, Wolfgang Pucks restaurant at Mandalay Bay. I cannot express how pleased we were. Our server Raphael Jr made our dining experience nothing less than perfect. He know the menu the sauces and killed us with the deserts. While Vegas has become overpriced and lacks in customer service this restaurant is a gem.
4	We had a party of 6 and the service was outstanding. The menu was quite interesting with lots of good choices. I had the lamb shank that the waiter recommended. It fell right off the bone as advertised and was excellent. Nancy had a seafood medley of fish, shrimp, scallops and was served in a great sauce.Top that off with some very nice wine and it was an excellent dining adventure.
2	I never had a bad experience at a Wolfgang Puck's restaurant, especially in Las Vegas ...... until now. We made a reservation at 5:15, with plenty of time before a 7:00 show. We were seated promptly by the friendly girl at the front. And then it all went downhill.1) No children's menu. We had two 10-year olds with us, one is a picky eater. I know, what were we thinking, but we were able to find something for them (we thought).2) Kitchen problems of some time delayed our meals. The waiter finally showed up with a "complimentary calimari appetizer". My wife and I ate 1-2 bites, the rest of the party did not want them. So why would you just dump something on the table to make up for a delay caused by their kitchen?? Most places would offer something, or maybe comp dessert. Did not score any points on that one.3) Food finally arrived. Pasta dishes were okay, not great. Kids did not care for their food. We were all pretty hungry and kids had headaches, so no one really enjoyed the meal.4) By this time, we had to leave or we would miss this show (in the same complex, so a 5 minute walk). Waiter exclaimed that he was preparing a complimentary dessert for all, but I told him we had to leave. A nice gesture, but we told him up front we had show tickets, so we had to leave.Lessons learned....... not a kid-friendly dining place. Food may be hit and miss. Was a lot better years ago when we ate here.Sorry Wolfgang, better luck next time.
4	Lupo is a solid restaurant. Mostly. Have eaten here several times now. The service is good. The food is well prepared and tasty.  Their pastas shine.  My dinner guest had "sole" which looked more like tilapia but was very delicious.  The experience this last time was marred somewhat by an incident that was handled poorly.  The table next to us (looked like businessmen on expense account) ordered an expensive bottle of wine which was to be decanted. While waiting for that, a waiter walking by with two mixed drinks on a tray proceeded to spill them entirely on the suit of one of the men at that table.  Apologies were made (and I hope offers of dry cleaning). BUT, instead of moving the men to another table (several were open) that wasn't soaked in alcohol, they made them sit there while they cleaned up, removed table cloth, dishes, glasses, etc.  As they had nothing but the wine ordered (and it was sitting on a rolling side table), they should have been moved and seated at a clean, fresh table. The worst was the bus boy coming out with a bleach soaked mop and mopping the floor right next to us. The overwhelming stench of bleach in the middle of our dinner pretty much put us off.
4	Great food, service is impeccable, some of the Classics and some nouvelle  Cal Italian dishes, great Wine List.Service can drag so  allow time.
5	Out in Vegas for work, and one of the vendors I work with wanted to take our team out to dinner.  They asked for some recommendations from me since I've been to Vegas quite a few times.  Despite the mixed reviews, I gave them Lupo and a few other options, and evidently they picked Lupo.  They made reservations without any issues, and we had a party of almost 20.When we got there at the reservation time, we were seated promptly and were taken care of extremely well which is grand for such a big party in Vegas.  The customer service was on point and the food suggestions were a win.  We had a several appetizers that they suggested, and we ordered a bottle of red wine and a bottle of white.  They were good about refilling our glasses throughout the evening.  I hate to say it, but I can't recall the dish I got.  It was something off-menu, and I probably had too much wine to remember anyways.  I remember a positive experience and tasty food, which for a business gathering is really all that matters.  I noticed most of the negative reviews were for families or were expecting life-changing experiences because the name "Wolfgang Puck" is slapped on the there.  It's definitely a more high-end restaurant which lends to the idea that this may not be family friendly.  The Wolfgang part?  The food isn't bad!  I'm not dreaming of the food, but it was good.  We had a coworker that was born and raised in Italy who said the food was pretty good.  That has to mean something... :)
1	Service was good.  Food was terrible, from bread stick and dips to artichoke/goat cheese ravoli to seafood risotto.  My companion ended up with food poisoning, think it was the clams!   Would not go there again.
1	So my friends and I went to Lupo for my friend Rich's bday. It was a first time for all of us. Now straight to the point I had a dry ass Penne Pasta (don't get it) but my friends offered me a sample of their food.  I tried the Sea Bass which was amazing, my other friend had the Braciola Di Maiale Alla Griglia, another had a pretty good steak but I don't remember the exact name.  We ordered sides to each meal which was delayed by far, they had already completed their meals by the time the sides arrived.  We asked to speak to management he apologized for the delay in the side orders and comped my meal and took half off the bill.  He also sent out 5 different types of desserts for us to try, yummy.Overall the food was good but I would never go back there again.  Not my cup of tea.
2	I ate at Lupos on Tuesday night before going to see Michael Jackson One. I had my aunt and uncle with me and was excited to try a new restaurant. I was VERY disappointed with both the service and quality of food. Not only did it take about 12 minutes for waiter to acknowledge our table and then he told us the salads available but never offered us drinks, it then took 15 minutes for my aunt to get her iced tea after ordering it from the very unenthusiastic waiter, and we only got it after I went to host stand and asked hostess and manager where her iced tea was. We had salads to start, and while the Caesar was actually really good, we were never offered fresh ground pepper and even after we asked for it, no one brought us any and we paid 13 bucks for our side salad. The meal came, I had to send my sea bass back. The piece was incredibly thin and overcooked :( Waiter finally acknowledged his terrible service and brought us a free desert which was a wonderful chocolate raspberry torte (the reason this is 2 stars and not 1 actually.) The manager never came over to offer any apologies even after we had to ask where our iced tea was, no pepper, food sent back and waiter "took care of" a desert for us. I will NEVER go back, and I am a huge foodie and often return to great restaurants. When spending 160 bucks on a meal (with no alcohal, just food for 3) I expect MUCH better service! My Aunt and Uncle mentioned multiple times how disappointed and unhappy they were with our experience at Lupo's! I was and am super embarrassed we ate there at all :(
5	Had a group of 16 here last night and we couldn't have been more pleased! From the hostess to wait staff and food-well done! Everyone enjoyed their respective appetizers, salads and entrees. I had the sea bass-a bit salty but tasty. We have eaten at numerous places in Vegas and pick new ones each visit. This may get a repeat visit! Great location inside Mandalay.
5	Great service we made reservations and were seated on time! Food was great and homemade pasta a must try when here. Staff was very attentive and on it
5	2nd visit with a great friend for her birthday. Did not disappoint! I had the halibut special and she had the lamb chops. Everything was scrumptious. Best part was dessert! We are locals and will be back!
4	We stopped here for a quick bite to eat before a show.The servers were friendly and we were seated outside the walls, so we could hear a waterfall nearby.I ordered the bucatini alla amatriciana - pasta with roasted onions, pancetta, tomatoes, chili flakes, basil and pecorino romano.  Very tasty and a solid portion.  We didn't order sides and I was satisfied with this dish alone.I have to deduct a star since they bring out hard breadsticks instead of warm, soft bread.  That's a bit of a dealbreaker for me.If you're in the mood for Italian while in Vegas, Lupo should do the trick.*Make reservations.  We saw a guy's party get turned away because he didn't have one.
1	Very very disappointing meal and service.Did not serve what was requested either.Hustle you in and out."
4	A coworker requested that we dine at Lupo during a work event held at the Vegas Conference Center since she has "always wanted to try a real Wolfgang Puck restaurant". So four of us girls piled up in a cab and headed over to Mandalay Bay.Mandalay is big and showily sumptuous - emphasis on big, as we got a little disoriented trying to locate Lupo (note: I highly recommend reservations).We were seated promptly, and I really don't remember much about the ambience (not as fancy or stuffy as I would have thought - we were all fine wearing our flip flops and shorts). Service was good, if a bit clingy and at times a teeny bit intrusive (between the server, his assistant, the manager, etc., it was a little annoying constantly being interrupted mid-conversation). However, I'll pick clingy service over indifferent or poor service any day!The food was spot-on! One girl ordered tomato bruschetta, which wasn't the most exciting option for us other three (I didn't sample to try). However, the fried calamari and grilled zucchini with two sauces (marinara and gremolata aioli) was DELICIOUS: sweet, tender, and delicately breaded. Thin crispy breadsticks and a garlicky, herbed dipping oil were served gratis (the oil was addictive - I dunked my calamari in it). One girl had the Del Lupo pizza, and was a bit disappointed - she said it was extremely dry. Another girl ordered the ricotta gnocchi and loved it - she said the little dumplings literally melted in her mouth.Being the obvious carnivore of the group, I went with the Braciola de Maiale Alla Griglia - essentially, meat with a side of meat. GOOD LORD. A carnivore's paradise. This ridiculously rich, succulent dish featured a gorgeous, perfectly grilled and juicy bone-in pork chop, literally served with a side of crispy and sweetly glazed pork belly, and then drizzled with more deliciously meaty au jus goodness. This dish didn't attempt to be virtuous with a side of veg, and I quite appreciated its lack of culinary pretentiousness: despite its fancy long name and beautiful presentation, it was a honkin' big caveman of a feast, and felt delightfully sinful just spearing a chunk of chop, skewering a piece of pork belly on a spare fork tine, skating it around the pool of au jus and gleefully chomping with no regard for your carbon footprint or arterial health. Ahhh Vegas you are wicked in your excess. I LOVED this dish, it was a perfect 5-stars.We were full to bursting, but couldn't resisting splitting two desserts: cheesecake with fruit and some chocolate dessert. I recall that the desserts were phenomenal, especially the chocolate one, but at that point was in too much of a food coma to really have appreciated them.Total bill for four entrees, two apps, who desserts, 2 beverages and 2 glasses of wine came to about $225 (before tip), not unreasonable at all for The Strip and for really great food.
3	Came here for dinner after the 2014 Licensing Expo. It was recommended by a friend of ours. Overall I'm not too impressed by any restaurants offered in Vegas so far as most of them are overpriced with sub-par tasting food. Lupo is not as bad as most of them considering their price range, decor, location and service. All above average. But most of the dishes we had that night were certainly lacking in flavor and overly salty except for the veal meatball. It's a hit or miss.
1	Just finished dinner at Lupo with my son and returned to our room at the Mandalay.  Very disappointing experience.  Such a big let down.  We were so looking forward to a great experience as part of his HS graduation gift.  The service was pretty poor and our server could not even offer any recommendations.  She was nice, but just not engaged.  Mediocre service aside, we can move to the worst part - the meal.  I ordered the tomato and fresh mozzarella salad to start with.  Nothing special about it.  Tomato and fresh mozzarella.  I  ordered the Spigola "All'Acqua Pazza, but the server managed to deliver Filetto di Salmone a la Griglia.  I also ordered the Gnocchi Di Ricotta.  The fish was good, not great.  A bit burnt in several areas.  The vegetables did not felt fresh.  It was not even what I ordered to begin with..  The gnocchi was mushy with not much flavor.  The texture truly made me gag.  I ate three pieces of gnocchi and gave up.  Server offered to box it and was surprised when I told her to just toss it since I had no intention to eat it at any moment.  My son ordered the Lasagna Verde "Della Nonna".  He shared that it was like eating spoonfuls of ricotta cheese. Bland in flavor and better if it never happened again.I think that after $112 for two persons (without drinks), I can honestly say that there is no justification to return again.  Many other options manage to deliver a great experience.  It is evident to me that Wolfgang Puck does not eat here.  If he did, he would very likely be dissapointed as well.  Never again for us!
4	We came here to cap off our 4th of July weekend. Our server was excellent. We really liked the fact that he asked us if we had any time constraints. We started with two appetizers : calamari, and brushetta which were both amazing. Out dinner is where they lost a star. I ordered the lasagna, and was told several minutes after I ordered that they had ran out which was a big disappointment. The server recommended the gnocchi as "the next best thing". It was very flavorful and filling. My date had the chicken piccata, which she felt was very tough, but also delicious. Our server who sensed we were not totally satisfied offered us desserts on the house, which is why I am willing to come back again. Tip: If a live event is going on at Mandaly Bay it is best to sit inside. We got caught in the UFC exodus and plenty of passerby staring and ogling our meals.
4	The service was excellent. My butterfly pork chop was excellent. Everyone had a great time. Dinner table mates had spaghetti meatballs and they were excellent Great dinner service.
3	Every year we stop while at attending Cosmoprof North America, we stop here for either drinks before heading somewhere else or for dinner and drinks.  I have had the mussels which were just ok (after my fabulous experience with mussels at a different restaurant in Florida, no restaurant will live up to that). The calamari was good but on our first visit this go around, we had a nice portion to share, the second time we visited (like a day later), I had to ask where the rest of our calamari appetizer was because it was a little skimpy.  Weird right? The seafood special they offered was pretty tasty and they even changed the sauce from red to white for me. I do wish they served regular bread instead of bread sticks but all in all, its a pretty good place to eat.
4	I've heard good things about this restaurant - especially after the renovation. I can say that after my meal there, I understand what all the talk is about. The dishes I ordered were flavorful and interesting without the pretense that some restaurants of this class have. The service was exceptional.I was a bit difficult, having walked in with no reservations and asking for a table. They tried to seat me at the bar, but I wanted none of that. So they did their best to accommodate my need for a private table. Despite my out of the way location, my server, the manager AND one of the people who services tables came to check on me several times throughout the meal. I was not forgotten. I ordered their prawn starter, which exploded with flavor. You could tell that even the broth that they used as a base to their sauce was made with love as each bite had layers of flavor that came out. Garlic, seafood, herbs, the sea, acid.  It was great.  Just heavy enough for a dinner starter but light enough for the summer heat. I asked the server for his recommendation for my entree, expecting him to give me one of the pricier meat or fish items. Surprisingly, he recommended the mushroom ravioli - almost half the price of the most expensive dish on the menu. I took his advice and was very happy that I did. The ravioli was al dente, obviously made from scratch. The filling was rich but not sickeningly so (I tend to get overwhelmed with the richness of the stuffing in ravioli but this was just right). The ravioli was topped with fresh mushrooms - wild crimini, porcini, and another one I couldn't figure out. The next time I come back, I will make room for dessert. Thanks for a great experience!
5	If your staying at Mandalay Bay it's a must visit. Great pasta and risotto.  Also very good pizza. My wife ordered their seafood pasta. We went back 3 out of 5 days. It's awesome.
4	Good food.  Not earth shattering but just good food.  The Calamari appetizer was unspectacular.  The lasagna was the best lasagna my daughter said she has ever had.  ( She is not Garfield or any lasagna expert but still, that is a good sign. ) My son's pasta was good, my son thought it was a bit under seasoned.   The service was excellent.
5	Just celebrated our 20th anniversary at Lupo's. The food and service was excellent. KELLAN was the best. I would definitely recommend. Had the salmon and rissoto gnocchi.
4	My husband and I went to Lupo during our stay at the Mandalay Bay.  We were able to get a reservation the same night and called ahead just 30 minutes prior.  The restaurant is nice enough, nothing too fancy.  We chose to sit on the "Patio" so that we could people watch.Our server was excellent.  Completely attentive and was able to make suggestions.  He knew the menu well and when I advised him of a potential food allergy, he made sure to talk to the chef with my concerns.  I wish all servers were this attentive.We ordered the calamari appetizer and it was good.  Not the best I've ever had but good.  We especially loved the bread sticks they provide to all tables.  The olive tapanade dipping sauce was amazing!!  I actually wound up dipping the calamari into it and that was really good!  I chose the chicken picatta for my meal and my husband had the lasagna.  I thought my picatta was very bland and would not choose that again.  My husband loved his lasagna, however.  We enjoyed a couple of glasses of wine and the list was nice.  I would come back to Lupo again.
2	Gluten free and whatever, typical over priced Las Vegas restaurant with subpar food. One dish was so bad we had to send it back and the menu outside the restaurant wasn't even the current menu. I try to order things that are naturally gluten free in a normal manner without asking if it's gluten free. I have severe gluten allergies that make me deathly ill and I didn't have any issues eating here other than the food not bring that great.
4	Loved the food.  Excellent bread sticks and tapenade - very tasty with lots of flavor.  The ricotta gnoche was advertised as a sweet sausage bolanese sauce, but I found it a little spicy.  The baby kale salad was very goodand not your everyday salad.  The broccollini was tasty too and just crunchy, not mushy.  The lasagna was very good with a bechamel and red sauce that  made for a rich tasting dish.  This lasagna was not the crispy kind, but was firm and made with green and white pasta.  The shrimp on the appetizer were cook just right - firm and very tasty.  The desserts were excellent.  The lemon curd zeppoli were hot and freshly prepared.  The tiramisu was creamy and delicious and not overpowered with chocolate.  Getting there around 6 pm avoids the noise and long wait that we saw later at 8 pm.  Only complaint was the rock music in a nice restaurant.  It did not help improve the already nice atmosphere.
5	This place was amazing- from service to food. I looked at the menu before going and decided I wanted the linguine and clams- when I got there- it wasn't on the menu! Our server informed me that they are constantly changing the menu but the chef could make me whatever I wanted. Make sure to order the Bruschetta for an appetizer! It had eggplant and goat cheese and was probably my favorite thing I ate in Vegas all week! The linguine and clams were great but my sister's Lobster Risotto was heavenly!!!! Overall, all 8 of us enjoyed the food!
1	We went to Mandalay Bay for a vacation with lots of friends and knowing Wolfgang Puck's fame we wanted to give a shot to Lupo. Big disappointment. They made us wait for an empty restaurant for 15 minutes. (Probably tried to create a line to look like a hot spot) then didn't take our order for another 15 minutes. After the order, just brought one appetizer for one of us and made us wait for another 30 minutes.... Just for the record, we wanted all appetizers and main course all together , not separate. Then we called the manager, who does not listen to anything apparently. Tries to correct us on time we waited (Note to manager: CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT, which we were.) and he did not even let us finish our sentence and just left and ignored us.We had to call the restaurant's main manager, just to say that we are leaving and they don't need to bring the remaining food cause this was insulting and disturbing and unrespectful. He tried to comp. us and apologized but we just left... The other manager-wanna be was just walking around trying to be cool, and did not apologize as we left.Mandalay Bay should really consider replacing Lupo with something else or need to hire new managers. My two cents...
4	Good food but service is a little slow, granted the restaurant was packed, but there was an over abundance of staff. Every appetizer I tried was delicious! My pork chop Milanese was very good, but I think I expecting more from Wolfgang Puck. I thought he would have taken it to the next level. It really wasn't anything special.
5	not really a big fan of wolfgang puck but since I was staying at Mandalay Bay we tried it.WOW... i highly recommend this place. First class trained wait staff is at your beck and call but does not overwhelm you. We ended up eating there twice. Every dish was excellently prepared and presented. Osso buco, buccatini, shrimp, whatever came out was delicious. Very reasonable pricing. Try this place!
2	Disappointed. Service was slow and waiter was not the best for what we expected. He didn't bring our bread until after the main dishes had arrived and the drinks took long to bring to the table. The food was mediocre, my boyfriend and my pasta dishes were both improperly cooked and were not hot. The flavors had no depth and in comparison to other Wolfgang restaurants that we have been to, this one was our least favorite.
3	4 starts- The bread sticks and  the pesto was great.5 stars - The calamari was super tender and delicious.3 starts - I ordered de Fruti Di Mare pasta... Was OK, but not worth 31 bucks. Few pieces of shrimp, calamari rings and small scallops. No clams or pieces of fish or lobster. The pasta was black (calamari ink) but didn't think was al dente. the gravy had good flavor, tho. The 1 star goes to: the server. A total jerk. We specifically said we needed to leave at 6:30 cause of we had a show. Seems like we didn't give a crap. We are in a rush and had to ask for the bill in the middle of the dinner. Very bad attitude.
5	I had the pleasure of eating dinner at this restaurant a few weeks ago. It was absolutely fabulous. The service was spectacular! I wish I remembered our waiters name. Everyone we encountered, that worked there, was wonderful. I had the cheese ravioli and it was quite tasty!
4	Everything here met or exceeded our expectations. We were recommended some lovely Malbec wine. We started with an appetizer margharita pizza, which was thing, bright and delicious. They had a butternut soup special that was also very rich and creamy. I really enjoyed my salmon with the mushroom preparation. Salmon was cooked perfectly and it seemed like the best course on the menu.
5	I had a wonderful meal here for my birthday. The wine list is great,  with a nice selection in different price ranges. We had calamari for the appetizer. It was perfect. It wasn't heavily breaded, but perfectly seasoned. I had sea bass and my friend had chicken. Both of our meals were delicious. The service was excellent. It was attentive,  but not rushed. They also gave us a cute caramel and chocolate dessert for our birthday which was the cherry on top of a great choice for a restaurant. It exceeded my expectations.
5	Had the "3 course chefs tasting" 5 courses later could not be happier. Came in with high expectations and they were exceeded. From our server Michael to all the food my wife and I were thrilled. Thanks for a great meal. The highlight of a great trip to Vegas.
4	This is a nice restaurant in Mandalay bay resort. I went before going to see the Michael Jackson cirque show. The waiter was very nice. I wasn't very hungry so u just got the minestrone and fried calamari. Both were delicious and I had a coupon from one of those tickets for less booths. I was very happy with the price and the atmosphere is nice too. It's a high end spot but there is no pretentious vibe. I highly recommend it!
3	We love finding a new restaurant when we go to Vegas, and this one was worth the stop.   We liked the outside atmospheres and our server was prompt and courteous.My husband and I both had the Caesar salad, which was OK, nothing special.  I had the gnocchi, which was fresh and the sauce was great.  My husband had the braised veal ragu Pasta dish and really liked it.   We both thought the "mile long" breadsticks were a bit odd.Overall, decent place, but not in a huge hurry to return.
5	Of all the places I ate while I was in Vegas, this place had the best food by far. The staff was extremely polite, the beer selection was even pretty good for a "classier" restaurant. I highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area.
3	I wasn't crazy about the place. My wife's pasta was good but the sauce was just okay and the meatballs were also just okay. I had the Mediterranean  Sea Bass. It was also just okay. The Parmasean Grits were good and so was the dessert. But for the price it was a pretty disappointing.
5	Made the reservation while in town for a convention. Wanted a nice place for dinner to catch up with a long time, dear friend. Asked for a quiet table. Lupo's met every expectation. Quiet secluded, at least as much as possible, table. Service was very attentive. Food was marvelous, every bit as good as I could've hoped. Would definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	It's not the first time I'm coming to this Restorant I really like the food and the service The have a great pizza pasta and salmon and the desert is just fabulous
5	So good! Beautiful restaurant, great service, lots of great food!We shared mussels, an amazing kale salad, lasagna, and pizza. The salad was my favorite by far (pommegranate seeds, breadcrumbs, apples, so much good stuff!). We loved the lasagna and the pizza was pretty good (we went boring on the toppings so maybe that's why it wasn't a top dish for us).We had a great chocolate dessert and this is new Wolfgang Puck favorite in Vegas!
5	We ate here on our last night in Vegas and it was well worth every penny. We had no wait which was great and our waiter and service was amazing. I never felt like I needed anything because there was always someone checking on us. The food was really good too fresh homemade pasta no Italian can say no to that.
5	This place gets 5 stars just because it's the best restaurant at the Mandalay Bay. The food is fantastic. Had the beet salad which was one of the best I have had. Also had the sole fish very good but nowhere as amazing as the papadele bolagnese which was a homerun. What's nice is that the portions are good and you leave filled. Along with great service you won't be disappointed.
