4	Out of all the Express stores I've shopped at, this one is the best. The men's store is huge in comparison to the usual split design. Way more clothes and a better selection than at PV Mall, indefinitely. The staff here are also wonderful. They've mastered helpfulness without hovering. I also got a coupon in San Francisco from the store there for 15% off my next purchase, and they hadn't been offered in The Valley, but they ran it anyway and I left pleased knowing I had saved 30 bucks! The employees here are what really make me want to come back.
4	08/12/11As with The Limited, I enjoy shopping at Express for the good-quality clothing that I choose to leave with (one must choose wisely!), the great customer service I encounter at many of the locations nationwide, and for its terrific return policy.  I needed a couple of solid-colored long-sleeved blouses (a black and a white) to complement a beautiful b/w floral silk skirt I'd bought from, you guessed it, an Express years ago and was able to find a black viscose one today.  It's a beauty, and for only $50, it was a steal!  (Especially w/ this weekend's sale of buy one, get the second for $19.90, well, that comes out to $35* per blouse-- I found a beautiful red one, as well!  The sales rep, Beth, who manned the fitting rooms today, was courteous and very helpful when I needed a second blouse of the same color and size, because the one I had didn't drape as nicely as I thought it could; it also had a pulled thread.  Not only did she arrive back shortly to hand me one to try, but TWO!  She'd left so quickly to look for them "in the back" that I couldn't stop her in time to ask if she could locate an ivory one, as well.  Again she went back, but didn't find any; however she did say that if there was one available online to purchase, that I could also get a second one at the sale price!  (FYI, there is a standard $5 fee to have a special-order shipped to your house, no matter if you buy one item, or two...)Another FYI: if you ask to keep the hangers that come w/ your purchases, you will be given the option to take them home in a reusable garment bag.  These are not the plastic drape-over garment bags of old, but black, zip-up garment bags that may protect your clothing from fading under the sun.  Y'know, when you forget to take them out of the car?  (Psst!  The Limited reusable garment bags are MUCH nicer!)[*Shoot!  I'd forgotten about the extra 15% off SMS message I received today when I texted MOBILE to EXPRES (397737) right before I left to go shopping!  Hmm... perhaps I need something else to round out my wardrobe...]
5	Love Express, their mens line is excellent- Modern Fit for the "Modern Gentleman" Travis and Cisco are very helpful and have good fashion sense...
2	11/21/13Good deals going on, especially if coupled with mobile coupons ($25 off every $75).  Too bad I couldn't find anything I really wanted, and customer service was very lacking, since we'd just experienced terrific service with Nathan at The Limited.
4	They had exactly what I needed to complete  my outfit, a perfectly fitting 1mx shirt in the perfect fall/winter color. In addition to this I only payed $22 for a shirt I expected to pay $50 for. Service was mediocre, I wasn't acknowledged or asked if I needed help at any point in my visit and the line for the register was longer than I prefer to wait but them having exactly what I needed at an amazing price is worth 4 stars alone. Better service would have got them the 5th star. Express is always a go to spot for the fit of their clothing and the good sales they sometimes have. I think the 1mx shirt is the best shirt out there
