1	Don't go here! I had a groupon for a 90 minute massage, that's the only reason I went here. Their LMT ( not sure how she got her license) was horrible. I wanted a deep tissue massage and her hands were as limp as noodles. I had to tell her several times to stop rubbing her elbow on my spine.. She smelled like cigarettes and had country and western music playing during the sessions. Don't go here unless you want to put your back and shoulders in jeopardy!
1	I called to schedule a deep tissue massage and the receptionist told me this wouldn't be a problem. The massage therapist is probably in her mid to late 50's and does not have the strength to perform deep tissue. She may be fine giving other types of massages but I felt this was false advertising. I honestly couldn't wait for the massage to be over from the moment it started and I realize I should have gotten up and walked out...yeah the massage was that bad. The therapist also had a bad odor, like cigarettes.  I got a bad vibe about the place the moment I walked in. Save yourself the trouble and go elsewhere.
2	I bought a groupon for a 60 minute massage. I unfortunately did not read the reviews below before I made the purchase. In retrospect, the previous reviews are 100% accurate. My experience was pretty much the same. Although my massage wasn't completely terrible, I wish I had gone elsewhere. Yes, the massaeuse was older and it seemed difficult for her to perform a deep tissue massage. Her hands and arms were shaking from applying pressure. She was chewing gum audibly. The music selection was not relaxing by any means. Was that christian rock? Not too mention it wasn't a full hour long. When I walked in, the receptionist had a mouth full of food. She was awkward. The entire office was pretty crappy. There was a make-shift dog play area. When I declined to purchase another massage afterwards, she seemed genuinely disappointed in my answer. Upset even. It was weird. I hate to give such a poor score, but really... some changes need to be made.
5	I haven't written many Yelp reviews, but I had to take the time to write this one. A friend gave me a Groupon good for two massages at the Highland Pain Clinic, and I waited too long to book them -- my bad. But I at least wanted to redeem the Groupon for what she paid to get the deal, so, despite having read the poor reviews by others, I decided to go ahead and make an appointment, even though the drive is half an hour each way. I wasn't expecting much, based on what the other reviewers had written.I have to tell you, I'm wondering if I had a different massage therapist. My experience was nothing like what the others described. No audible gum chewing. No stench of cigarettes. No trembling or weak hands. No jarring country music. No wobbly massage table. No barking dog (or any other noises from the other rooms). Nobody intruding on my massage session. The massage therapist, whose name is Verla, greeted me when I walked in, talked with me for a few moments, had me fill out a short form and then showed me to the room where I would be getting my massage. The room was clean and furnished nicely enough (the clinic is in an older building, so if you're looking for a modern day spa environment, that's not what you're going to find). Soft music was playing (like the kind you would expect to hear in an observatory) and the overall atmosphere was calming.Verla asked me a few other questions, including what type of massage I wanted and then left me to get undressed to my "level of comfort." I haven't had all that many massages, so I don't have much to compare this one with. I did have several neuromuscular massages last fall to help alleviate some low back pain, but I didn't expect this massage to be anything like those, and it wasn't. This was very relaxing, although I could tell in several spots that my muscles were tight. Verla pointed that out and spent some extra time on those areas. I'm not sure exactly how long my massage lasted, but it had to have been very close to an hour. Dr. Kressel, the chiropractor who (owns? oversees?) the clinic, took care of the paperwork on my way out (I guess their front-desk person had the day off). He didn't charge me the full amount of the difference between what my friend paid for the Groupon and the normal price of a massage, which is what I expected to pay, based on the conversation I'd had with the woman who made my appointment. He also offered a discounted rate for additional massages, which I am seriously considering. I'm also thinking about making at least an initial appointment with Dr. Kressel to see whether he might be able to help me with my back problem. I checked online, and the few reviews I could find for him were all excellent. I don't know why my experience was so different from what everyone before me seemed to have. Maybe Dr. Kressel read the earlier reviews and made the appropriate changes, including hiring a new therapist. At any rate, I'm glad I wasn't dissuaded by the other reviews. I thoroughly enjoyed my massage and intend to go back again.
3	I got the GroupOn Deal and thankfully, did not get the bad massage therapist.  My first massage was with a therapist named Melissa.  She was good, asked questions but kind of talked a lot through the session.  I returned and got Verla, who is wonderful!  She asked questions also and the massage was great.  She gave me water afterward.  I've had many massages in the past and I know drinking water is very important to help drain toxins from the massage.  Just giving the extra touch of water shows she cares about her clients.  There is  a new therapist, another Melissa who wears glasses...she is also very good.  I would rate Verla no. 1, Melissa with glasses no. 2 and then the other Melissa.  I have never been there with the older, smoking therapist.  I believe the office is family owned and when I first started going there wasn't a dog, but then I saw a dog later.  Personally I think pets should not be in a place a business especially a "medical" office, but whatever.  The massage therapist rooms are nothing to speak off, I even went into one that had boxes of files stacked up.  If you are looking for a spa atmosphere the closest you will get are the massage tables, clean linens and soft music playing, but the massage therapists are good.  Since the facilities are what they are, they really shouldn't charge more than $50 for a massage.
5	came for a massage after a nagging back strain just kept flaring up. I am sad to say I dont remember the massage therapists name, but from other reviews im gonna guess she was the 'melissa with glasses'im not sure about some of these bad reviews but she was AWESOME. pinpointed where my trouble was and worked that area roughly enough to help release it. she gave me instructions for the rest of the day to get the most out of the session and it worked like a charm. I WAS FINALLY ABLE TO GET A GOOD NIGHTS SLEEP AND WAKE UP FEELING GREAT. i cant thank her enough. they offered to match the groupon discount rate for a return and i will probably make use of it if need be.
5	I've known Dr. Kressel for many years. I first met him sometime back in early 2006. I have referred numerous people to him over the years, including both of my parents. They have all had great experiences.Dr. Kressel is extremely professional and his work ethic is top-notch. He's dedicated to his practice and making sure everyone has a great experience. He even worked every Saturday until one of his employees agreed to start taking over his Saturday shift recently.I recently started to visit Highland Pain Clinic again due to an auto related injury. My weekly sessions include being connected to the T.E.N.S. (Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) machine (I jokingly call it electric shock therapy for my back. I absolutely love this machine - I still do not understand why he cannot connect two machines at once?! :) ) as well as receiving a massage from one of his massage therapists.I have received massages from three of his massage therapists now to date and all have been top notch. I will say I am rather impressed by one massage therapist in particular. For being a tiny thing, she sure can put her body weight into massaging out those knots! She almost got me to cry as well, but in a good way!I'd highly recommend giving Dr. Kressel and his team over at Highland Pain Clinic a try. You will not be disappointed!
