1	A new qsr in the Green Valley Ranch food court. Well folks, all Im gonna say is spend your money elsewhere. Go to a grocery store and buy your dessert there.One size cup. You get charged by the ounce and if you think you're getting robbed there, they charge $.50 per topping. They might as well take my wallet while they're at it (thats if you dont go overboard on yogurt portion and toppings)Shoot, you might as well go northbound on Green Valley Parkway and Pebble; Coldstone. I'd rather have flavored dessert thats worth the price rather than a bland yogurt.
3	Took a break from the pool and wanted a cold treat so here we were @ U Swirl. Normally I dont like the serve yourself places..I can go overboard for sure. I tried to keep my cup from over flowing. Ended up with a 5 buck sundae so not bad at all.It was pretty good..I had coconut with a dab of cheesecake on top..lottsa toppings & sauce.It hit the spot but it was not my favorite.
2	I got addicted to frozen yogurt while living in San Diego. This place is kind of small and expensive! the only reason I gave them 2 stars is b/c they had red velvet cake frozen yogurt. It actually tasted like red velvet cake. OMG so good. but My bf and I shared a cup and it still was $7.00. Wow. Could have gone to Golden spoon for that price.and my topping was coconut.. that's lightweight and it still sunk it like a bucket. hmm. But If you're in the area its hard to walk away w/out trying this stuff. I've been to other places that have more selection of toppings. like yogurt rocks inside the "Galleria" which for some reason isnt listed on Yelp.
1	The toppings bar is what drags down this location. I do not expect everything to be fresh off the truck, but it was obvious that most were frozen and thawed out in a rush. The mangoes sat in this thick syrupy sauce that was completely unappetizing. The blueberries were shriveled up and dry. With the high volume of pre or post movie attendees, I would expect them to have a better turn over rate. The only good things about this place was the worker and the watermelon sorbet. I normally don't like watermelon flavored anything, but my sister talked me into it and I did not regret it.
3	I still hit up u swirl every now and then.  I agree that it is a little overpriced for frozen yogurt.  I usually only get the yogurt though since the fruit toppings don't look too appealing.
4	We found that the yogurt and topping selection is far better than the other places.  We like the concept that its pay by the ounce rather than another 1.50 for a topping.  You pay for what you put in the cup. Of course the cups are big and thats the design to make you fill more and pay more but we have no objections since we consume it all. Its the only place where my hubby can get his crunched butterfingers as a topping.  He has to have butterfingers and the other places don't carry it.  I enjoy the tart mixed in with any fruit flavor and vanilla.  Add some nuts for crunch, yum.   The place is pretty clean and friendly.
4	Liked that it is conveniently located in the casino area for a quick (somewhat healthier) dessert. The Pecan Praline was really good. For two yogurts and some fruit toppings we only paid about $5.50. Maybe cuz we had just come in from the hot sun, but this tasted delicious.
3	Located in the GVR Resort and Casino, this frozen yogurt place will satisfy your sweet tooth.  There isn't a huge variety of flavors but you and swirl two of them together... hence the name U Swirl.  They have nice signage beneath each flavor which lists the nutrition information.   That was great to see.   Toppings were the same that you would find at most yogurt places.   There weren't a lot of fresh fruit options but plenty of sugar options!   The gentlemen working here was very nice.  He greeted us when we walked in and very friendly checking us out.   U Swirl is a pay by weight.  It wasn't the cheapest of frozen yogurt  but then again I wasn't sure how much the hubby had in his cup.  So if I happened to be there and wanted a frozen treat, I wouldn't hesitate to stop in but I wouldn't go out of my way to have it.
