4	I've gone to this location of Tory Burch, the last two times I've been in Vegas.  The staff has been super helpful each time, I've been. I like this location better that the one at Caesar's, because the Palazzo seems less hectic.  Last time, they offered my group mimosa's at 10 am, which is probably why I bought more than I had planned on buying.
4	Ever feel like the sales people at the stores you shop at are miserable, lifeless, and clueless?  Here's a remedy.   Stop by this Tory Burch store at the Palazzo.   Their sales associates have a no non sense approach, yet very helpful and attentive.  Ask for Emily.  She is a sweetheart.  She even offers you a beverage while shopping. You walk out feeling transformed. Did someone say retail therapy?
4	I was expecting to see a larger shoe selection, but maybe they had all the new styles there.  Staff was very helpful and the store was very nice.  I always enjoy shopping at the Palazzo!
5	The customer service here is awesome. I visited this location to purchase a logo clutch to match both my black and tan pair of Calista boots. They didn't waste any time showing me the 5 ways I can wear the purse. Freakin awesome!!!
1	Bought a late Christmas gift for my sister and the salesperson Geraldine left a very bad taste and soured our shopping experience. I told her exactly the bag I wanted, wrote up my address and gave her my credit card to process. 20 minutes passed and I asked several sales associates and her to pls process our sale so that we can head to airport for our flight to lax. Ms. Geraldine preached to us like a parent talks to a four year old kid on why we shouldn't be at the store but instead be at the airport 3 hours early!!! All we got was a sour face and a very diluted apology...) this store is not getting my business.
5	Akira Saito and Brittany are by far the best in customer service! They are amazing! Never met a manager and staff with such a great approach on dealing with a concerned customer! What a Great team! Thank you Akira and Brittany! Because of you.. I Will definitely  give  Tory burch repeat business!
5	Thank you Diane for finding me that cute pair of flip flops in my size and for the ice cold corona too. The customer service you gave-superb!!! Next time I visit Vegas I will visit you as well :) The Palazzo shops are right up my alley yeahhhhh!
3	This location is the more convenient of the two Las Vegas boutiques, so I'm usually here when I want to visit a TB boutique. The store is rather small and very popular, so usually crowded. There's typically 3-5 associates available at some capacity. Their selection is okay. Enough to get a feel for current collections, but not enough to make an informed comparison of products. There is a nice couch area for your bored significant other to wait while you shop or for you to take a break. I've purchased two items at this boutique dating back to 2011/12. My first experience was very pleasant. I called ahead to locate a highly-coveted (sold out online, other retailers, and many boutiques) handbag, the Megan Satchel, and fortunately they had one left in the color I wanted. They were also offering a holiday discount and gift with purchase, so I was very happy with the transaction. My second purchase was more recent (within the last year) and it was a "spur of the moment" buy. I was at the boutique to accompany a friend on a handbag mission and it was an item I hadn't seen yet and too adorable to pass on. We weren't particularly fond of the associate assisting us to the point that I wanted to make my purchase with someone else or even another location. For that reason, other than checking out new handbag prospects, I'd rather purchase them elsewhere.
5	I needed to write an update because although it's only been a couple months since my last review, so much has changed!I was here earlier this month on another window shopping trip when I decided to buy a purse that my mom has been obsessing, as a birthday present. Given my prior experience, I wasn't sure if I was going to make my purchase here, however, that's when I met Paul. He was so nice and very patient while I was discussing the present with my siblings and making my decision. It was a completely different experience and a wonderful one! I shared my appreciation for his fabulous service and made sure to take a business card.Fast forward two weeks and although my mom had said she wanted this particular purse (several times!), she decided she didn't want it anymore - it was larger than she needed. So, I brought her to the boutique to return the purse and search for a new one. Paul was there and it was a pleasure shopping with him again. Not only did he remember me, he remembered our conversation! As we were shopping, he informed me about a client-only Pre-Sale Fall event that started the following day and he ensured that we'd be able to take advantage of the event's promotion. We ended up choosing a purse and keyring for my mom, sandals and earrings for me, and I picked up a gift for a friend.Over the next couple weeks, I picked up my purchases as they became available (a couple items needed to be ordered). I love my new earrings and sandals and my mom loves her gifts as well! I even received $50 off as a birthday gift, so I picked up their lipstick case. So awesome!The selection here is still limited, especially compared to the boutique at Forum Shops, but with a fabulous SA like Paul, I don't have to worry about in-store availability. He makes it so easy to locate what you want and making sure it gets to you as quickly as possible without inconveniencing you. He is a real asset to this team and if it wasn't for him, I wouldn't have continued shopping here. Paul receives my highest recommendation!
1	I got here at 7:30pm and I am just now leaving (8:45pm). It took them one hour to make a simple shoe return. They didn't give me the tax back so I asked them to change it, the sales associate Paul was very rude and insisted the amount was correct. I work in finance, I think I know how much I get back on my card. He then said that he had to call web services and that it would take more time. Such horrible customer service I am really disappointed because I love the brand Tory Burch. Their online customer service is excellent but they need new managers at this location. I don't have the time to spend more than an hour at a store to make one return (with receipt in hand).
5	Thank you so much Ms. Diane for helping me out. You are SUPERB in your customer service skills. I recommend to all to go this location. I went to outlet (north) but so crowded. Here the staff are very accommodating and they have all the thing I want online. Same promotional discount as in their website. I will definitely stop by when I go to Vegas again. Thank you again Ms. Diane!!!
5	I have a new love and its name is TORY BURCH. The store is amazing and not over priced, like I thought it would be. I will definitely be buying me a course, some boots a wallet, hell maybe the whole damn store. Very friendly staff, very accommodating.
