5	For those of you in the Charlotte area I just ate a brand new cafe.  I don't do this but OMG it was good.  It is called Indigo Cafe - Southern Cuisine with a Twist.  This is a classic style diner.  Black and white tile on the floor and walls.  Red booths with Coca Cola condiment holders.I met the owner\chef this morning.Being a cold and rainy night the Cajun Shrimp and Grits were calling my name.  Fresh peeled shrimp sauteed in cajun spices, red and green peppers, andouille sausage, and white onions.  Poured over home-style grits and served with fresh grilled bread.  One of the secrets is the smoked Gouda cheese in the grits.While waiting he brought me a bowl of one of the best chili's I have ever had.  Then he brought me a Jalapeno Popper.  This was not your ordinary popper.  It was as big as two jumbo eggs.  Stuffed with lamb, wrapped in bacon and deep fried with panko bread crumbs.  Served with a jalapeno mint jelly.  The spice was nice and warm not hot.  Flavors blended nicely.I will definitely return to try other items from the menu.  Sandwiches: "Chicken-Nator", 3 Pig Po' Boy.  Burgers - Pulled Pork (yes pulled pork on a burger. and the Ortega.  Entrees - Twice Peppered Ribeye Steak and Indigo Pork Chops.  I can't wait to try them.1816-D Galleria Blvd., Charlotte, NC  28270704-844-8888
3	CLOSED DOWNThree and a half stars : an oasis of freshly prepared food in that sea of franchises and frozen crap otherwise know as Galleria blvd. Plus they have a funky menu and huge portions. The Avocado w/gazpacho soup needed some spicing up but was a nice break from the usual. The Jalapeno chutney chicken sandwich was  sweet, savory and huge.Their more expensive dishes may be a little too costly considering the diner/ no beer license venue but overall I got a lot of value for my money, especially considering every other restaurant in Galleria is fast food .
4	Today I tried the Cajun Shrimp with Andouille sausage, peppers and onions over grits. Overall it tasted pretty good (3 stars)  but the half a dozen jumbo shrimp really lifted it. They were plump, firm and tasted just like the shrimp I've often had in the Florida keys. So no, it was not like having lunch in N'Awlins but it was a trip back to Key West for a fraction of the price.
5	Just had indigo for the first time. The staff was very friendly and the food was great! My partner and I both ordered the turkey and bacon sandwich and an order of fried pickles. The portion sizes you get blew us away. We easily could have shared 1 sandwich between the two of us lol. We will def keep indigo in mind next time we're not wanting to cook!
1	It would be awesome if you were actually open when your website says you are. We purchased a certificate through Creative Loafing deals. Never heard of the restaurant but thought the description sounded great and there were actually a few good reviews on Yelp and Urbanspoon. Drove to your restaurant on a Thursday evening for dinner. Guess what? Closed. No sign on the door. No answer on the phone. No recorded message. Sounds like a scam or if you've changed your hours, you should update your website and display signage at the restaurant.
4	CLOSED DOWN .... that fast! Within the past couple of months alone that's the fifth local business to close down in my neighborhood, and I patronized all of them
