5	After hearing so much about the Brazilian blowouts, I decided to get on the band wagon (finally!) with Paul.  My hair is naturally unruly, curly/wavy, and thick and usually would take me 45 minutes to really get it to look straight and silky.  I had done Japanese straightening without too much luck, so I was still kinda nervous about the process but Paul was fantastic about telling me what to expect and making me feel comfortable, and he did an amazing job!  I was blown away (pun intended) by how fast it dried with a dryer (less than 7 minutes) and my eyes almost fell out of my head when I saw how straight and silky it was drying without any flat ironing!  Plus, he rounded brushed my hair while processing it to make sure it still maintained its volume even while being manageable, glossy, and silky to the touch.  It has been over a month since I got it done, and it still makes me giddy to know that all I have to do is take a shower, put some treatments in my hair, and let it air dry to touch up the ends with a straightening iron for about three minutes; THREE MINUTES!!  I curse the day I met Paul because now I have to get the blowout done for the rest of my life and I don't like commitments.  ;)
5	OMG PAUL IS AMAZING!!!!Just go see him and you will love him and the way you look.He did the Brazilian Blowout and in record time, fast, and looks amazing! Now I'm a photographer and have worked with many stylists but Paul's the real deal! He really impressed me BIG time.Thanks Paul and can't wait to see you again soon!
5	ATTENTION LADIES WITH LONG HAIRHave long hair but want style without cutting all the length off? Paul is the stylist to see then. He gave me the most AMAZING haircut, it has layers but not choppy, it has movement and it's still long!First off, he gives a relaxing scalp massage when he washes your hair and bonus, the shampoo bowl is very comfortable, no achy neck afterThe building he is in is super cute, very clean and if you want your nails done, a facial or a killer brow wax there are other studio owners that can hook you upPaul knows how to cut AND color, not something all stylists can boast.So do yourself a favor and check him out.... it doesn't hurt that he has a totally sweet personality too
5	The best haircut EVER.  Paul G is ultra professional as well as charming.  His eye for detail is incredible.  I walked in...he took one look at my me... and gave me a makeover that took 10 years off my face...  I couldn't be happier as I head to California to meet with my Public Relations People about my book The Maybelline Story and discuss my second book coming out in 2015.  www.maybellinebook.comSharrie Williams, original descendant of the Maybelline Family.
