5	Working out cannot get more fun than this! A coach who is not only talented but also cares about each of his athletes! Always kind and always fun! Not to mention I have never looked better! I love going to crossfit!
5	Very hospitable to a motivated drop in - thanks! Knowledgable coaches that are happy to help and share the passion for crushing an afternoon wod
5	The coaches are awesome, and the members are even better.. If you want to live your life to the fullest.. do CROSSFIT
5	Found Crossfit Magna on Google two years ago and been going there since then. I didn't know much about crossfit so I looked at a few different gyms in the area and after calling Brian and speaking to him on the phone, it sounded like the best place for me. There were no contracts, and the first week was free to try it out, plus it was closest to my home so the location was convenient (area around PV Mall). My gf and I went in for the first workout and were impressed. Brian and his wife Katie were extremely friendly and professional. There were no high-pressure sales tactics to sign up for anything, just sign the waiver and start working out! After the workout we decided on the 3 day per week membership but soon transitioned to full-time as we were both seeing great gains from the training and made many friends in the gym. We usually go to the 7pm class during the week because it fits our work schedule, and the Saturday morning class. They have early morning classes also for those that go before work.Two years later and joining Crossfit Magna is one of the best decisions we have ever made. We actually look forward to going to the gym in the evening after work. I can't say that about my previous training regimens. With Crossfit you have to be careful about the gym you pick as they are definitely NOT all the same. Some coaches are great, some not so great. Most of the time it's Brian or Katie coaching, but all of the coaches we've had at Magna have been terrific. We couldn't be happier. Great job Magna!
5	A good friend recommended Magna a couple years ago and I tried it out once and loved it. Great culture, great people, awesome workouts. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in living a healthy, active lifestyle.
5	I went to Hell and came back with Satan's pitchfork all in a matter of 1 hour.After taking a year off from Crossfit so I could focus on school, I decided that I had to get back to a box. I searched around my area and did my research on all of the boxes in my area and discovered Crossfit Magna was one of the closest one and also had the best programming available (you can check how they program by going here http://www.crossfitmagna.com/). I got in touch with Brian and he welcomed me in with open arms and offered me a free week (that's right, FREE week) to test it out to see if the programming was right for me. The coaching that Brian and his wife Katie offered, along with all of the other coaches, are top notch and everyone was very professional so there was no question that I would sign up. Fast forward 9 months now and I have made massive gains since I started. I lost 3 inches and 5lbs (I'm 31 years old, 5'10 and now weight 168lbs), but I gained even more muscle than from the other Crossfit gym that I went to. Originally I started out at the 3 days so I can get my skinny, fat ass back in shape and eventually switched to full time so I could keep up with the competition. The family environment and friendly atmosphere makes me want to work out every day.
5	Great place with a really cool vibe!It doesn't matter if you are new in the CrossFit world, here you will find people willing to help and a coach who cares about his athletes.
5	Great place to workout! Coack BK, Coach Katie, Coach Marcus are great! No matter if your a crossfit virgin or a vet this place is for you! Great tight knit atmosphere where everyone cheers you on & pulls for you to do great things! I will be back! JC
5	Tried a few different Crossfit gyms/boxes around the Scottsdale area and I thought Magna was the best coached and everyone was incredibly nice.A few of the classes can be geared towards more competitive Crossfitters although there is a wide range of fitness and experience amongst the people there. Brian and Katie are awesome, Ainsley is pretty good too.
5	Phenomenal Crossfit gym with both great coaches (friendly/knowledgeable) and members.  Don't be afraid to come check it out, very welcoming to all levels of Crossfitters here - from first timers to competitive high level athletes.  Great environment to workout and have fun!
5	If you're new or a veteran to Crossfit, Magna is great place to be.  They offer all levels of programming and have a very friendly staff and outgoing members.  This gym became a second a family to me over the years.  So if you're thinking about a new gym/box or trying Crossfit for the first time you're going to the right place.  -Chip
5	Best Crossfit ever!!! And I have had the privilege of going to three different CF's in the valley. Great trainers, families and athletes. Even for those who have little to no experience, you will be comfortable here at Magna. The sooner you try Magna the sooner you too will be addicted.
5	Crossfit Magna is probably the best box that Ive ever gotten to call home... I still get nervous checking the website, or the whiteboard, everyday, but Ive been inspired by the coaches and the community of Magna to show up and do the work. Magna truly embraces everything that crossfit is about...infinite scalability, open and welcoming community, dedication, hard work...and of course, bacon.
5	Absolutely perfect!! I've been around CrossFit since 2006 and I've never been to a gym so focused on its members. The owner, his wife and coaches are highly intelligent, well educated, and willing to share all they know with every single client. The level of personal care my wife was given throughout her pregnancy and after returning from the birth of our second child moved me to write this review. These folks whipped her back into phenomenal shape in short order, while simultaneously considering her unique circumstance and personal goals. If you think you'll get that from a standard gym/personal trainer, you're dead wrong. In a place like this, you'll find value, neighborly friends, a family oriented staff and humble, knowledgable professionals who share a passion for your fitness. If you live any place close to the intersection of Cactus and Shea, pay these folks a visit, you'll thank me!
