4	Nice space, great vintage and new apparel - Veronica the owner is very friendly and customer service orientated in a good way!  I bought the most adorable vintage brown leather handbag with built-in lipstick mirror...ooh! it was love at first sight.They're on the west side of the street, just south of Highland.
5	If you are looking for impeccable vintage clothing, this is the place.  Also, if you want to have more fun dressing up than you have had in a long, long time, this is the place.  Veronica loves her clothes!  She loves to see you in them!  The shop is awesome.  I came away with 4 dresses, a pair of shoes and a hat.  I am SO ready for Easter!  The prices are great - very fair for the quality and condition of the items in the store.  Veronica is a gas.  She knows her stock backwards and forwards - she doesn't lie.  If something is not for you, she will let you know.  She had a lucite purse that almost gave me a heart attack - but I already had all this other stuff.... there is no pressure - the shop is fun - if you start to hyperventilate, there is a bookstore next door.  Go rest and dive back in the Alley.  Seriously, this was sooooooooo much more fun that Macy's or even Nordies.
5	If I thought I'd be able to live without health insurance, I'd totally beg for a job at this store.It's just wonderful. Couple months ago, I wandered in. I was just wasting time I didn't have anything going on.Next thing I know, I'm trying all sorts of stuff on, things I KNOW wouldn't look good, but I just had to try!I settled on a darling I Dream of Genie pink nightgown. It was heavenly. Until I noticed that there was a little hole at the seam. I put it back, relieved that I'd be able to justify not spending $32 there. But then the clerk asked me how it worked. Gave her my reason for putting it back, and without missing a beat she offered to mend it right there! She said that they try not to put anything out on the floor unless it's in great condition.  Of course I bought it and I am so happy I did. Fabulous mending job, btw. I will be back when I have money to burn.
5	This store is truly incredible.  I felt like I was walking in to an Old World Hollywood dressing room.  There were soooo many different things in here, all beautifully arranged by color.  The era that the clothes came from varies greatly, so there is sure to be something to suit every vintage fashionista's needs.  My favorite items were mostly coats, some of which were refurbished and adorned by the owner herself, and others were just plain amazing.  I also had my eye on this crazy silver sparkly dress for only 13 bucks!  Unfortunately, my body would definitely protest squeezing into it.  The owner was incredibly friendly and chatty.  This is a fantastic store and I hope to come back and maybe add something to my closet!
