4	On the down low I have been driving past this place every day wondering what on earth is a Psychic Spa? Well my curiosity finally won and I bravely ventured inside not telling a soul until now.For starters it is not a spa. It is psychic shop people! I went in thinking  I would get a spa pedicure while having my palm read. It's not the case. It's decor is inviting with candles, soft music and incense smell of nag champa. I was in a trance before the reading even began. Now for the reading. I firmly believe that psychic readings will only work if you are open to them and you consider the information to be guidance. That being said the psychic has only confirmed everything I have ever heard from reputable psychics in my past. Business- I am going to be a writer and make a lot of money doing it Marriage- I have already met the man I am meant to marry and have children with and together we will be wealthy and happy. She also said he has dark hair and is taller than me. (pretty much every man in my life fits this bill. Every psychic has said this!!!) She said she just sees us laughing. She also said she sees our kids being two boys and a girl all healthy. Family- When she got to the family part she just looked at me with very sad eyes and I said that I didn't want to hear about that because I am living it as we speak. Overall I am very satisfied with this place and have great confidence in their psychic advisors. Regardless if any of it comes true I still enjoyed the experience and insight. For believers out there like myself I highly recommend Psychic Spa.
5	I was nervous about going to a psychic but she was fabulous! Very intuitive! I also felt very comfortable there and that was one of my fears. She was legit. I was visiting from SLC Utah and every time I come out here, even if passing by, I am coming back!
5	I too felt very comfortable here. She was so kind and more than willing to answer questions. Also, I too believe she's legit, for any question I was answered on point as well as she saw things - like my stress and insomnia- as well as saw the trip I was planning! I can't wait to visit LV to see her again!
4	My 2 friends and I went there... me, being the believer, them the skeptics. Jazzmine was great. I think she nailed all 3 of us accurately! The palm reading was very informative and gave me lots of detail. The tarot was good but have your 3 questions ready... I wasn't :) All in all, we have not stopped talking about the experience and everyhing she told us. I would definately recommend! :)
4	This was a great experience, I had the tarot cards and my palm read. Everything she said was accurate and on point. Every questioned i asked she answered with a great deal of explanation. I'm in awe over the entire thing. I walked in not saying a word about myself. Only thing she asked was what i wanted to get done. I told her and she started. I left the place feeling more positive and confident about myself and the decisions ill be making. Id recommend this place. Ill def be going again.
5	My 1st time ever having taro cards read to me so I went in with a girlfriend just looking to have  a little fun & with low expectations that the psychic would ACTUALLY know anything about me. Boy was I WRONG!Its $25 for 15 minutes & you are allowed to ask 3 questions. Jasmine was a 100% spot on! She didnt ask me any questions about myself before we began & when she read my cards she explained to me about my past, present & future! I loved every second of it, & I cried because she spoke of a touchy subject that few know about...Definitely check her out! I loved the experience & cant wait to go back in the appropriate amount of time :)
5	I had a reading with Jasmine who was awesome!  She confirmed for me a few things I needed to hear which in turn left me feeling more at peace.  I will definitely be contacting her again when needing guidance and would recommend her to anyone needing tbe same.  Their rates are very reasonable and so worth it.
5	She is the first accurate psychic I met. I did the tarot cards and picked 10 cards. Then without me saying anything she was able to accurately describe my situation. I went with my friend and hers was accurate too. It was only 25 for the tarot. Next time I will go do the tarot and palm combination for 40.
5	Everything she said is pretty much  spot on, price is reasonable.
1	I'd like to give more of a review but they weren't open.  We drove all the way out to find the door locked.  Even tried to call but no answer.  I hope everything's okay!
1	Just got off the phone with a very rude receptionist named Gina. I asked her what time they were open until today and she said 5:30pm when yelp says 6:00p. I went ahead and asked her  about the mistake on yelp and she responded that actually 5:30p is when they had their last available appointment time. I told her I wanted to book it for 5:30p and she then abruptly rushed me off of the phone and told me there were no appointments available. Maybe hire another receptionist to be representing your business? That was absolutely awful!
5	Well I had read the reviews and that is the reason I stopped by today! I can say that Jasmine was spot on with the things she told me.  What threw me off was that she even told me if I had gotten a reading prior to the one today, so how would she know this ??? Well she did, that's when I confirmed what I already believed. I would totally recommend her. I am definitely going back.  She made me feel very comfortable and made sure I understood my readying. Overall very good experience
