3	OK. This area used to be shady. But they've renovated it since then. Clean and service is okay. Not that "fast" to be considered fast food. Ehhh. Go someplace else. There's another Carl's Jr on Rainbow and Trop.
1	I have never had such terrible customer service before. Sit tight people, this is gonna be a long one...So basically at around 1am my boyfriend & I ordered food before we were headed to someone's house. I asked for a grilled Club sandwich, fresh, and my boyfriend got a bacon western something or other, fresh as well. We ordered some fries & other things but what we wanted fresh were the sandwiches and the fries. It's 1am, I don't want what could be sitting in your trays for the last hour, you know? They said they would give it fresh, but I waited LESS than 3 minutes and they brought the food out to our window. Maybe they were already cooking to make fresh ones prior to me asking,  idk, but the wait was short, and I didn't think anything of it. When we arrived at my cousin's house we pulled out our food. Fries were fresh, check. I unwrapped my sandwich and 1) it was SO sloppily made 2) it lacked vibrant colors, like the it looked as if everything were OLD and STALE, 3) there looked like BBQ sauce on my club sandwich, and 4) MY GRILLED CHICKEN WAS BURNED!!!!! I decided to take two bites and taste it. Yep, burned. I complained to my boyfriend and he said his smelled burned but he didn't see where. He isn't the type of person to complain about any food, he doesn't like to be an inconvenience, so he continued to eat. He got to the bottom of his sandwich and was disgusted. He showed me what was wrong, the bottom of his sandwich, the meat was CHARRED. Like it was BURNED TO A CRISP. There were black bits/crumbs of the charred meat on the wrapper. He stopped eating his sandwich and finally decided I could call to make a complaint because this was too much.I called to complain, someone picked up the phone and I relayed to them what happened. They said ok and handed the phone over to another person, based on the voice, it was the same person who took our order, and I had to repeat what was wrong and WHAT THEY TOLD ME WAS, "I made the food fresh, right when you asked for it. I would never give out burned food." Which made me so mad because you automatically shut me, the customer, down, AND I'M THE ONE HOLDING THE FOOD RIGHT NOW! They offered us to come back. That was it. They said, "Well you could come back..." So my boyfriend and I drove back, out sandwiches were wrapped up to return and when he handed our burgers to the manager, they looked oddly familiar to me, and they said my name, and then, said, "You bitch!" I don't care if I know you or not or how long it's been since I saw you (I haven't seen this person for YEARS), right now, my food is messed up, I felt like I was being accused of lying, and I was pissed.That person then said, "So you ate half your guys' sandwich and you want a replacement?" In such in accusatory tone it pissed me off because THEY NEVER EVEN OPENED THE SANDWICHES TO LOOK AT THEM ! Then they wouldn't give part of the money back for one of the sandwiches because they went to remake it and we didn't want it remade. They remade it anyway. And the same person LITERALLY told me, "Next time check your food before you leave and don't call just to say shit"EXCUSE ME. That was totally out of line and disrespectful and I feel like just because, once upon a time, you knew me, doesn't give you the right to get comfortable enough to talk to me like that. I knew this person for a few months because we worked together when I was 16. I am now 22 and I haven't seen them or heard from them since. So no. We aren't friends. I am a customer. And you disrespected me, my boyfriend, you messed up my food AND had the nerve to accuse us of lying/trying to get more food. Forget this place. Never again.
1	Horrible service. Workers are very rude and lack serious customer service skills. My drink just didnt taste right like the syrup was low on the machine. The woman at the window told me it was perfectly fine. Ok so I get home and something told me to look at my burger and low and behold my bread is moldy. And no it was not just burned bread! I threw it away and will never, ever, go back to this place. Thats what i get for wanting some fast food. BEWARE! These people are going to get someone sick and they are lucky I did not ingest any of this B*llsh*t! Fyi... Dont waste your money, time, or health here!!!! DO NOT EAT HERE!
2	Probably one of my least favorite locations on the southwest side of town. The customer service is generally okay but can be a hit or miss! The turn over rate here is incredibly high and I'm not sure if that's due to management issues or not but the fact is whether it's fast good or not this is Carls Jr.. For the prices that they charge for a full meal on one of their premium burgers you better be delivering smash burger or five guys type of service.. I have been missing in action from Carls Jr for a while and yesterday decided to give this new Texas BBQ sandwich a try since I had one of those local coupons to by a meal and get another sand which free.. :-/ Whoomp whoomp $10 plus later I get home to this DRY burger! Nothing like the burger on the commercial but let's be real when do these burgers ever come out like the commercials lol.. Yeah I was livid to say the least! Should've went to SMASH BURGER like I was going to..
4	I seldom go to carl's jr or any fast food places in particular. But when I do, I go to this location. I like their fast service. Convenient location. The drive through window staff were efficient and courteous. They have the green burrito in this location, which is a plus.
