1	Seriously watched employee in kitchen rubbing his nose and eating. Never washed his hands as he prepared food , food was fair, after seeing kitchen in action, really lost my appetite . Says grand opening, I won't be back
2	We went here the week they opened. Staff was nice but food wasn't anything to rave about. The Singapore noodles tasted fine but the curry seasoning was too strong for my mom's liking. The shrimp lo mein was ok but tasted a bit salty. Don't get me started on the fried rice. The fried rice had no flavor to it and was drowning in chopped onions.Maybe I'm just being harsh because there used to be a Yummy Grill next door but this doesn't hit the spot like other Chinese restaurants in the Henderson area.
2	Out of all the Chinese take outs in the damn city I picked this one. Location was what made me choose this place,it's right off the freeway as I headed back to Phoenix.What I didn't do was check the rating/reviews. The man who took my order was extremely friendly and the place was pretty clean that's why I gave 2 stars. The food however, was disappointing. Everything was hot and fresh, but flavor was either off or lacking. I ordered the lunch chicken lo mein and my husband got the lunch Mongolian beef. His was ok, just ok nothing more. It seemed like a small portion in my opinion. My lo mein was pretty flavorless almost like spaghetti without sauce. I also ordered a hot and sour soup (they only offer 1 size & it's almost $5) and it was weird. Not really hot or sour but almost tasted like toast. The only good I can say about the soup is at least it had some substance to it and it wasn't all watery and thin. I love a good hot & sour soup and this was far from what I'd call good. Probably for the first time ever, I would have rather had Panda Express. I even passed one in boulder city and wished I would've waited. Bottom line, I wasted 18 bucks.
5	Fantastic food! Service was fast and staff were polite. Loved the beef in garlic sauce, the meat was soft and had that authentic taste I used to savor back home in Asia. I'm excited to try more items on the menu.
