4	Best Buy is Best Buy.... This location is fairly new (to me)... but it was nice to come in and visit.  They were already playing Christmas music today!  i was really just running in to grab some batteries, but this store is one of the new ones so still getting used to the layout, but the checkout line is pretty genius instead of those individual registers where you can get stuck in line behind a disgruntled customer.  Parking lot is a little weird to get in and out, but I guess everything in the Blakeney area is getting pretty congested.
4	This is my favorite Best Buy that I have been in.  The store in clean and organized.  Every time I am there it is in and out.  This stores stays no top of relabeling all their merchandise with the new sale prices.  The is greatly appreciate because they have great sales that are too large to fit into their Sunday papers.  I can quickly browse the shelves can get exactly what I want.  The shopping center is becoming more popular and has a few new shops therefore, parking can be a bit of a pain sometimes.  Just go ahead and commit to the first one you see and you will be fine.
5	Best Best Buy in Charlotte.  Smaller store, plenty of items.  Truly friendly staff.  Never will go to the other one in Pineville again!
3	Best Buy big box store, perhaps a little smaller than some but they still manage to cram all the usual stuff in here. I was looking for a specific widget for my computer, but I didn't manage to find it here. I spent a few extra minutes wandering around but decided that I didn't really need to take a new oven or flat screen TV today. Helpful folks though.
3	I think Best Buy has resided itself to the fact that it is basically for the people who want stuff now, meaning they don't want to wait for Amazon's 2 day shipping to deliver.That's where I found myself yesterday.  I needed a new pair of earbuds and didn't have time to wait.  Best Buy is overcrowded, poorly organized and lacking ample staff to move the customers through efficiently.  But, at the end of the day it serves it's purpose.  I got my earbuds.  I had to wait on line for 15 minutes to check out and push my way through the crowds to find them......but I have them
