2	It was my birthday not too long ago and we decided to come here to indulge on a lovely breakfast. the new place is a lot bigger but despite the funky interior it's not as bright or cute. The staff were lovely but even though there were only two occupied tables they got our orders messed up. Also a cooked breakfast is hard to co-ordinate and get everything warm at the same time but when it's 10 pounds for it you would hope your toast would be a little warmer and your small piece of bacon a little less burnt.
3	Picture this... you're driving through the countryside (be it Scotland, Australia, NZ, any country with strong British influence really).  You're approaching a small town that one of your nice old aunties lives in and you really should stop and visit for an hour or so.  You stop in and she insists you stay for lunch. The lunch you are going to get is pretty much the same as what you'll get at Loopy Lornas.A large pot of tea that is only really good for one cup as its going to be over-steeped by the time you get around to the second, bland sandwiches (grated orange cheese?  really?), soup with slightly stale bread and big spongy cakes.Nothing was really bad per se (except maybe the bread that came with the soup), it was just, well, boring.  I admit, I didn't try any of the cakes/desserts, and they admittedly don't look boring, so next time I will try them.BTW, if you don't like screaming kids running around, maybe stay away.  Both times I have been, there has been some sort of mothers group taking over a section.  Thankfully it's a large space.Oh, and your auntie is not going to charge you 4 quid for a pot of pretty lame tea
2	A bit pedestrian in terms of food quality and creativity.   The lasagne didn't come close to my anticipated return for the cash I shelled out for it. The pot of Tea was as described - a pot with tea in it.  Yes ha ha the cosy was shaped like a little lamb. The only redeeming point was the cake which was rich, moist etc etc.I'm not sure the location lends itself to a quirky tea/coffee/cake place. The big open plan room caters to the Morningside mums wot do lunch with the mandatory jogging baby strollers but left me feeling a bit exposed.
3	Have you ever had the situation where you see a present under the Christmas tree, squish it, shake it, jiggle it and have high hopes it's something wonderful...but when you unwrap it it's something extremely disappointing? That pretty much sums up my Sunday afternoon visit to Loopy Lornas.It's a good space inside and, on that particular afternoon, the clientele were more couples and folk relaxing with the paper than mothers with screaming children. However, it felt a bit generic and lacking in some of the atmosphere, and quirkiness, I think I was expecting here (I had a cake version of Willy Wonkas Chocolate Factory in my head!)  My friend and I ordered tea and scones, and that's where the wrapping came off and I was thoroughly disappointed! Service was fine, but when my scone arrived it was so flat and quite crumbly, not warm and fluffy like a good scone should be. It was in quite a few pieces before I even got to the jam...which was so runny I needed a spoon rather than a knife! It DID taste okay, but was totally the wrong consistency. Price-wise it wasn't too expensive and they did do me an NHS discount, which sort of made up for the poor quality scone, but the whole experience was just a bit 'meh'!My pot of tea WAS lovely though, and it's wrapping was the reason this place has 3 stars! For what Loopy Lornas obviously does best, is provide all their teapots (big & small!) with gorgeously colourful, hand knitted tea cosies! They were so clever and cute, and they have quite a few designs available to buy in-house. If you can't see one you like, there is a folder of designs you can choose from and order, which I did, and your tea cosy will be hand-knitted in a couple of weeks! It would be fantastic if they opened up a wee shop selling tea pots and cosies (which would get my 5 stars!), then my Christmas present buying would be sorted for years to come...and no-one would be disappointed!
2	I wish I had read some of the reviews before venturing out here. My friend and I were going for afternoon tea but the original place we wanted to go to was not there anymore so after spotting Loopy Lorna's across the road we decided to go there instead.Loopy Lorna's used to be located further down Morningside Road and the original space was cute and quirky, although quite small. The new space at Church  Hill Theatre is very big for a cafe. Perhaps that was why there were so many families about.. families with their screaming kids in tow.Don't get me wrong, the cafe is perfect for families as there is space to bring your buggy in. However, this place seemed more like a creche.You present your order at the counter and they will bring it over. We went for Cornish Cream Tea: a large pot of tea and 2 scones each with some jam (plum?).The scones were quite small and too crumbly for my liking. The tea was good, and we had plenty of cups from that big pot.I was a bit disappointed with the scones, but that means I have to continue my quest for the perfect scone in Edinburgh (the top spot is currently held by Wellington Coffee).
