5	I played only 14 holes on this course before we were rained off - imagine, getting rained off in the middle of the desert! I played the South course, and I hear they have done some re-routing, but whatever they did, IT WORKS baby!  The course was in superb condition, the fairways were like carpet, and the greens were rolling very fast and true.  Most importantly, the course is super tough (from the tips), but so stunningly beautiful that I didn't care that I had lost 4 Pro-V1s in the first 7 holes.  I should admit I was not playing well because I was focusing more on taking pictures than on my golf (wink wink) :-)Whatever you do, definitely play this course when you are in the area.  You can get some pretty cool deals on golfnow.com and it is well worth the price.  I also played We-Ka-Po and Troon North on this trip, and IMHO Boulders was the most fun.  Cheers and keep it in the fairway guys.
5	Best golf in Arizona --
5	Very fun course. Challenging and in great shape, even in August. I love the full service country club/resort feel this place has. Can reccomend it to anyone.
5	South Course reviewHaving only 2 days on hand I spent hours trying to determine whether to play Troon North Monument or Boulders South. I was staying at The Boulders. On the second day Monument was closed for a tournament and South was closed for members. After reading tons of reviews I decided to play the South Course at The Boulders. What a stunning course! The landscape offers the best desert golf there probably is. The fairways are narrow and require a lot of control. It's so easy to lose balls here.From the time you arrive at the club you get taken care of so well, just like a private club that anyone can play. The range facilities are nice and I always love hitting off the grass rather than mats.In terms of the condition it was 95% to the mark, just a bit on the dry side since they were sanding the greens for the season. The design is excellent and visually very tricky. I don't recommend a beginner playing anything other than white or closer. We played blues and it was not easy. I'm in the mid single digits and ended up with a 78. There are pars to be had  if you're around the green in regulation and know the green speed. My advice is, please think about each hole before teeing up and whacking the ball. It's not about hitting far, it's about placing. On the 608 yard par 5, I got a par with hitting a 3 wood of the tee to avoid a long carry over the desert. Then a fairway wood and a mid iron in, two puts. My friend who hadn't played in 2 years and is a high handicapper made a 6 on this hole doing the same thing.Since I didn't play Troon North I can't write a comparison but I will say that if you do chose this, you will not be sorry. On my next trip I will play Monument, God willing!Go play!
4	One of the best courses in Scottsdale to play.  The courses were very well maintained and the staff did its best to provide good service.  We did get stuck behind one of the teaching staff giving a 9 hole lesson which resulted in a three hour front nine.The back nine went smoothly and we were able to finish before dark.  I prefer the north course as it is designed to allow the player more choices in how to play each hole.  The south course requires specific shots off the tee with several holes punishing people who have never played the course before.
5	I grew up in the Phoenix area and have been to a few golf courses.  This is by far, the most breathtaking course I have ever been to.  They have two different courses, both known to be challenging.  The best part about this golf course though, is not the challenge, but the atmosphere! The desert oasis lines up right to the boulders themselves.  It's a truly remarkable place; and The Boulders resort is so far removed from the main city, that you can actually see a variety of wildlife.  Like I said, I have grown up in the Phoenix area and never experienced anything like this.  If you want to be challenged and get a great view while you're at it, I would highly recommend making the hike up to this gem!
5	Really nice golf course.  Its definitely more challenging than Kierland.  Its also way less expensive.  If you like desert golf this place does not disappoint.
5	Living in Cave Creek, I have access to 8 golf courses within 15 minutes of my home.  Most of the golf courses in this area are very nice, but The Boulders is the clear winner in many way.  First of all, they provide great service in the golf shop and around the course.  The practice range is also very nice and always well kept.  The courses themselves are both fairly challenging and absolutely stunning aesthetically.  When playing the front nine on the south course, you'll think you just played the nicest hole ever and then the next hole is even more breath taking.Bottom line, if you're in this area and playing golf, you have to hit make The Boulders part of your golf trip.
4	Arizona doesn't come with much better courses than the South Course at the Boulders Resort in Carefree.  Not only is it eye candy for both scratch and average golfers, alike, it's a tough test.  What really stood out was the condition of the course.  By the middle of the summer in Arizona even the best tracks succumb to course wide drying out that makes an eyesore of even the best looking of golf holes. As with many courses in the Valley this summer, the Boulders was in great shape.  Yes there were a few brown spots affecting both the fairways and greens and a number of areas under repair but for the most the part the fairways were plush, the tee boxes cut very nicely and the greens were impeccable.  The course plays longer than it looks and much of this owed to the a number of falsefront greens and cross-cutting desert washes populating the course.  A number of the par 3s were uphill and difficult.  You won't play a more a satisfying round of golf during the summer than at the Boulders South Course.  The price was right as well.  After 9 am on weekends, the price point comes down $55-60.
