4	Friendly service good beer selection on tap wings were good all the sauce was on the plate and the wings on top of the sauce house salad was crisp and fresh the crowd was rough around the edges but every body seemed friendly and talkative  will certainly return for a second try
2	OMG, loved this place before the fire, but now the service is haphazard, the food is for lack of words, interesting. Good news , it's clean....will try again but if worse, will tell you all why... I hope I am having very bad dream!!! Please, only 2stars!!!!
2	Ok breakfast not so much my toast must have been toasted and then sat for twenty minutes while they made my breakfast the home fries are cut up French fries I ordered the skillet with peppers onions and sausage when it came out 20 plus minutes later not overly hot  no eggs I guess it doesn't come with eggs. My wife had the egg sandwich which she said was ok when it was time to pay I gave the server 20 dollar bill on a 16 dollar tab she said thank you and never came back with my change so I could decide on the tip it would have probley been 2 dollars not 4$ ....... Consistency people like I said in my last review good wings beer and salad, breakfast  jury's still out
3	Been there 2 times and the new location is very nice. They have bands on the weekends with no cover which is cool.You have to inquire about what specials or happy hour deals are in play in order not to overpay.I paid 3.75 for a coors 12 oz bottle and 4.25 for fries on sunday when i could have Had the special 6 wings and a draft for 5.953.75 for a beer???? Really??But you can buy five 7oz mini bottles for 5 bucks????12 oz beer  = 3.7535 oz of beer = 5.00See what i mean......know your prices and specials or you'll be paying large !Nice place, 6- 8 tvs for Sunday football, biker and motorcycle friendly, spacious.
3	It's not Handle Bars!! This place is more like a greasy spoon. I like the cider on tap. The waitstaff is great, often understaffed cause the snowbirds love this place even with the bikers. Give it a try if you like classic bar food.
1	Not so much on the menu, more of a biker bar & grill.  The most plain quesadilla I have ever had. The waitress hides alot hard to locate.  No avocados? WTH??? No salsa? WTH
4	This is a no joke biker bar, Bubba is in the back cooking, not Bobby Flay. With that said Stick with all you can eat breakfast, tacos, or the Burgers and you'll be fine.  This is my default watering hole since it's stumbling distance from home and it's perfect. They seem to get great live bands, waitstaff is cool, and it's a 2% biker bar so they keep it drama free. Overall it's a great place to get fucked up.
1	Tried breakfast again, once again disappointed! Frozen no flavor cubed potatoes. Order bloody Mary as part of special... Terrible didn't drink but a forth of it. Tomato juice and vodka... Yuk. No spice no pepper absolutely nothing. Waiting for drink .. Came just before breakfast. I would say 10 minutes to get it...you would think bar tender would help. But turned out fine. Not going back!  nothing worth going back for at all
4	Best biker bar in the east valley! I love this place. Always something going on. Poker tournaments, live music, bike events. Come on out and check this place out. Staff is friendly, beer is cold, food is good.
3	I love the place even though the service sucks. Great bands and great food especially the breakfast. The all you can eat breakfast with two alcohol drinks is the best buy for about ten bucks, but like I said the service sucks big time. Once the waitress goes into the kitchen you might not see her again for ten minutes I call the door to the kitchen the black hole. I go there about three or four times a week as I live very near. When I go there I just go with the mind set that I will have the shittiest service in the valley. On the Brightside the food is good, the place has plenty of room and it is very clean and the owner is friendly. Everyone gets along there fine the bikers, the rednecks, the wall streeters and the senior citizens of which I am a member of. Everyone is always great. I would have given it five stars but the service is so bad I took two stars away.
2	The waitresses...very nice.  One in particulare is a little scattered though.  Asked for a drink three times and three times she came up and asked if I was doing okay.  Uh, yeah, but would love my drink???  Then she kept calling me sweetie, honey, etc.  I'm old enough to be your grandmother and you're speaking to me like I'm a 2 year old. Sweetest thing, but not professional and not appreciated!!!  I've seen a couple of the bands and had a great time.  The place is clean and the food is okay for bar grub.  Nothing to get excited over.  Very busy on Fridays for all you can eat fish.  Honestly, order the fish basket.  It's cheaper and you may get your food sooner.  Like this place much better than the old place.  The bathrooms are clean and the atmosphere is nice.  Loved the reopening gig a couple of weeks ago.  Had a really good time.
4	Staff is always friendly, drinks are good, and the food is normal bar food.  I don't know why other people go to bars, but I go to enjoy myself and the company of the people I'm with.  Some thing that's easy to do here :)
