4	Located in the Renaissance Hotel. Grill 55 offers finger foods, main entrees, sammies, craft beers and designer adult beverages in a modern casual setting.I ordered the Drunken Grasshopper adult shake - creme  De Menthe, creme de cacao, vanilla ice cream and chocolate malt balls. The shake was unique and satisfying, a nice way to end an evening. The menu is really unique here and I'm looking forward to checking out the food next time I'm here.
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch while at the Las Vegas Convention Center, in the lobby bar area. We had to ask for a replacement for the Truffle Regiano Fries because they were cold when we received them. Though, damn good once we got them! I LOVE them.Mom got the B.A.T. flatbread, which was super yummy. I picked off the bacon (which is also hidden under the cheese, so be careful) and had a field day. I had the Nicoise Salad which was good, and made me feel good about eating the fries. :)Overall, I would definitely suggest this for some re-fueling when at the Convention Center. Way better than any of the other surrounding options.
3	Formerly envy Lounge, this is a nice hotel bar at the Marriott Renaissance with modern, spacious seating areas, They have some unique menu items, such as Fried deviled eggs! I also had Lobster & Friends, which is a trio of sliders including BBQ pork and beef.The lobster portion was the smallest, though it should have been the star of the dish, due to the name Lobster & Friends! The sliders come with either a salad or fries. The salad was served in a small cup, and was only lettuce. I was not too excited about the sliders, and the deviled eggs were pretty good. They also have Happy Hour, though the specials were not listed on the bar menus.
3	Went here after the CES conference for lunch. Good small bites with a comfortable atmosphere. Although the food was not special it was fresh and tasted good. the "lobster and friends" was an interesting snack but not really a lunch or dinner portion.This place is more of a lounge with appies not a grill. Their flatbread pizzas looked good however. I give it a better rating simply because it is the closest thing to a real restaurant near South Hall. Will come back if I'm in Vegas for a conference.
5	Same great experience every time I go there. Nice atmosphere, great food, nice beer selection and one of the best bartender in town : Romulus!Usually I order the same food, I've become addicted to their Caesars Salad with Ahi Tuna, can't ask for anything more. The salad is actually fresh every time, I love consistency :) and the tuna is literally melting in your mouth. Pair it with a Sauvignon Blank or a Pinot Grigio Enjoy
3	Conveniently located inside the Renaissance Marriott hotel this place is a good quick stop for small meals and some drinks.  They have a full bar and some televisions at the bar so that you can keep up with the ongoing sporting events, etc.While we were there it was fairly quiet and sedate in the lounge with very few patrons.  The waitress was quite attentive to us the first time we went in there.  The second night it was the same until we had four friends join us.  I don't think that she liked the extra work of having to come back and see if we needed another round, etc.  In fact, many times, we went up to the bar ourselves.  She brought us three separate bills throughout the evening.  We were there from about 6pm to 8:30pm.  Nobody had more than four drinks so it wasn't like she was overworked.  I went to the bar to order food.  i don't know what it was we weren't being loud, etc., and we were about the only ones in the place.  Maybe she likes it better when no one disturbs her.The place is good but the wait staff (not the bartender there was a guy one night and a girl the other night--both good and friendly).  not so much.Recommend but with a caveat.
2	Good intentions but a little iffy on food and delivery. Went in later (11:15)  and food took 40 minutes to come out with four of us ordering. Fish tacos had good mix and wonderful presentation but fish was not fresh and had that almost bad do I trust smell. Fries were enjoyed by all very heavy on garlic wonderful for the garlic aficionado. Margarita pizza good and garlic with a good balance of spice beyond the garlic unfortunately covered up by a little to much cheese taste. (to much cheese for a flatbread with good intention). Tomato soup and cheese sandwich were pusillanimous sandwich did not live up to the small but well balanced tomato. Atmosphere very nice and staff overworked but accommodating with great toons. This seemed like a non Vegas like place and considering this is a Marriott the day may be better as this has a little Mormon flair inherent in the fabric.
4	A group of us came here for happy hour before we hit up Envy Steakhouse (adjacent to Grill 55 inside the Renaissance Marriott inside).  Friendly bartenders and strong pours.  TVs at the bar have sports playing all the time and the bartenders will also strike up a conversation even if they aren't serving you. A great place to chill out before hitting up the strip.
1	NO SERVICE, Waited over an hour, ask for assistance several times, walked out and two other tables next to us also followed us out ..
4	It's located at the Renaissance Hotel lobby. My boyfriend and I chose the bar and had few drinks and pizza. Margherita was really tasty and super crispy crusted. Impressive. There weren't a lot of people on a Friday night so the service was really fast and staff was very friendly and polite. I love that! We have enjoyed watching some basketball, chit chat and went back to our room.
3	Grill 55 is conveniently located inside the Renaissance Hotel next to the convention center. Like most of the restaurant in the Last Vegas hotels and casinos, the decor is appealing and the atmosphere inviting.Came here a bit after lunch and ordered some appetizers:- Old bay calamari $12- Black bean quesadilla $12- Chicken crispers (essentially deep-fried chicken strips) $11They gave us some seasoned tortilla strips/chips to start the meal. The chicken crispers were a bit burnt and the clamari looked good but lacking flavor even with the sauces. The black bean quesadilla was the best of the three.
4	Grill 55 is a little strange - it's a bar attached to the Renaissance Hotel (right near the lobby) near some live music on Fridays and a TV/Envy restaurant.  You wouldn't expect much of it to be honest but surprisingly, it is a pretty interesting/solid restaurant if you're around the area.  Grill 55 is super casual (although I'd recommend sitting at the bar over a table).  Seat yourself and grab a menu.  The items aren't too numerous and seem pretty safe such as sandwiches and salads.  However, the taste is surprisingly fresh and tasty.  My favorite were the fish tacos which had a surprisingly spicy/tangy sauce in two nicely sized tacos with hot/fresh tasting white fish.  It also came with fries or a salad.  The presentation was also nice to see with the tacos being held up by a stand.  I also had the grilled cheese one night which was also solid (although I wish they heated up the sandwich more to make the cheese completely melt).  The tomato soup it came with was pretty good too.  At the bar, don't forget that you get free spicy wontons (basically little tangy chips).  The drink selection isn't too shabby with a mix of cocktails ($12) to beer/wine ($6+).  They also have happy hour which I was never able to make it down by.  Food items are a little pricey (ranging usually $12+) but in the context of Vegas food, it's not too badly priced.  Service was fairly friendly and it was nice to have the place open till 1AM so you can grab your late night fix.  Seats were comfy - the AC was on full blast and there is even some music nearby if you come at the right time.  Again, don't go in with overly ambitious expectations of grandeur compared to the likes of some of the exquisitely designed (and pricey) restaurants of Vegas.  However, for a late night (or earlier) snack, especially near LVH/the LV Convention Center which is devoid of a lot of good food by foot - Grill 55 is a god-send for affordable Vegas eating in the area.
2	I was momentarily excited to see on the cocktail list an Old Fashioned that was a real OLD Fashioned: no cherry, no orange, no club soda, just  "Knob Creek, sugar, lemon, Angostura bitters," the menu promised. Great! But first he tried to use Jim Beam -- hell no. Then, out came the cherry and orange. Dude, the menu is RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU. It only has like 8 cocktails described on it, have you never looked? But wait, there's more: after trying weakly to dissolve a sugar packet into a diluting amount of club soda (why can't bars keep freaking simple syrup on hand?) and putting the bourbon, he asked, "Do you want bitters? Some people don't like the bitters." Well then it's not an Old Fashioned, I pointed out. So he proceeds to dump an OUNCE OF VERMOUTH in it, followed by a few dashes of Angostura. I guess you could call this drink "Don Draper Crapped in Manhattan." So sad. But the bar staff sure do put in the effort to be friendly otherwise. Though when I asked about local beers and ordered the local IPA at lunch, it would've been nice had the bartender mentioned it was a 22oz bottle before opening and pouring it for me -- I didn't need that much at bloody lunch. Thanks but no thanks. Only 3 beer taps and one is empty. The "Margherita" flatbread was crispy on the edges and floppy everywhere else, probably because it had tomato sauce all over it, which is what you do NOT do on a pizza Margherita. God this Old Fashioned is making me sad.
4	My friends and I were staying in the Renaissance for a conference. We got back from the strip around 5pm and decided to eat at grill 55. When we arrived we were told 3 different reasons why the restaurant was closed. No one gave us a time frame of when it would be opened or any options to eat. We sat in the lobby for 30min or so and saw 2 women get seated in the restaurant. We went in to see if they were open and they were. I became annoyed that although everyone knew we were waiting no one came to tell us it was open. After we were seated and ordered our meals our waitress came over to let us know that the manager jack would be taking care of our check. We were not expecting that at all. We would've been happy with a percentage off our bill and honestly we were expecting nothing. It was great that he acknowledged our feelings and did something about it. Also the food was AMAZING! I had the steak sandwich, oh my god delish. And it's not that expensive.
4	Our salads were all fresh and made with darker color greens which I loved.  Some fruit and nuts made it funner to eat.  I had some charred tuna and it was delicious too.  Service is good.  Ambience is business like but was fine for our business lunch.
