3	My first and only time riding Las Vegas' bus system was just a few days ago on New Year's Eve.  I wanted a cheap and safe way to get to the strip and this was my best option.  Despite living here on and off going on seven years now, this is my first adventure, so let's break it down.The ride to:  Actually kinda fun.  I was able to hop on at a stop just a block or so away from my apartment.  The first leg took us to the South Strip transfer station where I got on a bus driven by a friendly young man "staight outta detroit" and a self-proclaimed "gangsta" but not in a creepy/scary way.  It was New Year's, the bus crowd was in a good mood and he made good use of the PA system, especially when we stopped at a red light next to a car that featured a couple having sex in the backseat.  Oh, Vegas.The ride back: Not so great.  Had to walk a couple of miles just to reach a bus stop because of all the closures on the strip, which isn't the RTC's fault.  But once I got on a bus and reached the transfer station it was a bit of a fail.  We waited in the cold for a good 40 minutes for a bus to arrive.  People were worn out and just wanted to go home.  Would have been wise to have more buses on the ride during the busiest night of the year, but them's the breaks when you live in a city in financial dire straits.  Still, we all ended up getting home just fine.I wouldn't want to ride RTC with any regularity, but it does the job in those special occasions when you need someone else to do the driving.
1	Pros:Well, at least we have a bus.Cons:Long waits inbetween buses/infrequent service.Ridiculous fare prices that seem to go up every 2 months. HORRIFIC routing.Gives priority to The Strip/tourists.(Well isn't that surprising?)Assumes everyone who lives on the far north, west and south sides has a car.The monorail failed, so now they're using bus riders as a scapegoat by raising the bus fare.I hate Las Vegas public transportation. It's truly, utterly ridiculous. I don't think i'm ever going to get over how I have to take 3 buses to get to CSN on Charleston just because they refuse to place a bus on the major street nearest to where I live.
4	For the regular RTC bus lines, I am not impressed. At least we have a bus, but useless in helping you out if you're not near on a main street going to a simple destination. When I first moved here, I used the RTC Tropicana line down to the strip. That was A-OK, easy enough and I'd give it a 3.5 star, until one day they had nearly started a riot. We had ridden the bus a few blocks down from my stop and told us the bus got hit last night and that they were taking it off service and another bus is on the way...maybe 10-15 minutes away. This was during peak morning hours where it was a jam packed extra length bus of people who worked in the casinos- we can't be fucking late! WTF? Why didn't they take the bus off last night when it got hit or taken it off service at the end stop of a route or why didn't they have the new bus go ahead of time and be waiting for us at that stop? IDIOTS in high places couldn't figure this simple solution out, but I sometimes feel they really don't give a damn about standards since what other alternative do bus riders have to the RTC? Yeah, many people were yelling, walked out and RAN to the strip, some walked to the Orleans to catch cabs, some like me stayed. I figured whatever I do, I'll be late and I was late. I had to run from the stop by Tropicana Hotel all the way to Planet Hollywood to make it 5 minutes before opening up shop in Miracle Mile. Pffft. It ruined my day having angry customers banging on the door while I'm trying to count out and open the register in a hurry and knowing I had one strike on my tardy record added. And when it comes to getting to other places around the city, forget it. I route a few spots that seemed simple enough to get to, it was like 2-4 bus transfers and a good 30 minute walk. It was pretty laughable to get 10 miles away it would take me that many bus stops and about 2-3 hours. It just means for things like that, people should have bicycles and they'll also get a nice exercise and be there in 30-60 minutes. Regular RTC gets a ONE star. Now why the 4 star after talking the smack about the CAT bus? Well, it's for the ACEXpress lines that restored my faith that they are trying to improve.There is a ACEXpress C-Line that just opened up by my house in Centennial Hills. The transit starts at the Transit Station on N Durango and Elkhorn, goes on the 95FWY and stops at 4th St and Fremont in downtown, then goes to the Premium Outlets on Grand Central, then to the side of TI on Spring Mtn., Howard Hughes and Corporate Dr. and in front of UNLV. It wasn't a bad ride and whole lot easier for me to get down that ways to meet the BF at his work while I don't drive. Given, I'm probably not going to need it in a few months when I have a license, but I'm also thinking about my visiting friends and family. Don't have to pick their ass up- they can ride their on the bus up to my house now. HAHAHA One bit of sadness though- TWO WORDS: DESIGNATED DRIVER. If you live in Centennial Hills and planning to go to the clubs and get smashed, just riding this back home would be a good idea, but I think the last bus is 12am and doesn't start until 6-7am for work commutes. It was about 38 minutes from the transit center to TI and stops about every hour so would be convenient and just as fast as a car ride. It'll probably take a $60 cab to get up here when a C-Line one way ticket is $2 for locals and I think $3 for non. The short walk can be sobering or you can puke al fresco. RTC, tap into this. Otherwise, I'm happy there's a convenient bus for tourist friends who complain I live too far. No excuses now! Wooot! For that simple fact, they deserve the "I'm a fan" rating though I think it's just a A-OK service. 3.5 stars I suppose would be the most accurate (Yelp put a broader point system in!). rating of the new C-Line.
1	Another gripe:Why is it that most of the bus pass vendors are sketchy check loan centers such as Check City or Money Tree? And at the same time you guys take forever to supply the bookstore at CSN with more bus passes(as of today, they have been out of them for a week).(P.S. I'm already aware that they finally decided to start vending them at Alberston's, which, you know, makes sense seeing that it is a grocery store, which is a place that people are more likely to go out of their way for than a fucking Check Cashing place. That's besides my point). Excuse me for not wanting to be forced to pay 3-5  bucks more for a piece of paper which you guys already charge too much for to begin with so I don't have to be forced to spend close to ONE HUNDRED dollars in one month on the bus rides I need to get back and forth to school every day. Just needed to let that out. It always feels slightly better to ride Las Vegas public transportation when you have an outlet to air out your frustrations about it. :)
2	Important Tip: Don't mistake a RTC bus pass for the monorail pass.  It's a waste of $5.00 and you end up having to purchase another $5 monorail pass.  No, we weren't drunk when purchasing this but we weren't offerred a lot of guidance either by the automated kiosk.  [Original Visit: November 6, 2010]
1	SO. RUFF.  with a million fs
1	Oh dear lord.MOAR Problems with the RTC:Inconsistent Scheduling - For this semester of CSN I decided to pick earlier classes, so I figured that the schedules for all the buses in the morning would essentially be the same as the schedules in the late afternoon/evening. I was wrong. On my old schedule, when I was taking the Flamingo bus to Rainbow, the Northbound Rainbow bus would come within 5-10 minutes after the Flamingo bus arrived. On my new schedule, the Rainbow bus gets to Flamingo going Northbound 5 minutes BEFORE the Flamingo bus gets there. And that's just one issue. I decided to take a closer look at my bus schedule since I only pay attention to the times when I have to catch the bus and then promptly forget afterwards. It was then I realized that the schedules for the majority of the buses are random as all hell. I guess I was pretty naive for being annoyed that most of them only run every 30 minutes, I realized that their schedules greatly fluctuate between 20-40 minutes. It's ridiculous and makes absolutely no sense.Detours - ENOUGH WITH THESE BLASTED DETOURS ALREADY. RTC, do you have any idea how annoying it is when I'm somewhere on Flamingo east of Rainbow, ready to go home and hop on the Flamingo bus only to see that it ends at Rainbow. WHY? Flamingo is a very major street littered with businesses and close to the homes of many, THAT DETOUR MAKES ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE. And yes, this isn't the only example. Also, there really need to be buses on Fort Apache, Hualapai, Durango and Buffalo, but that's just beating a dead horse. On a side note, at least a mild improvement has been made recently: No more upcharge for the buses that mainly serve The Strip and other tourist areas, and the new express buses, but none of that warrants another star from me. Sorry.
1	http://rtcsnv.com/mpo/projects/flamingo/index.cfmOkay, so the RTC has just proposed the Flamingo express which would be like the express buses we have for Strip/Downtown and Centennial Hills. Now this definitely sounded like an upgrade....until I got to this part:"10-mile corridor that would extend from Rainbow Boulevard to Nellis Boulevard."ONLY to Rainbow? This express bus is incapable of serving anyone west of Rainbow?I have no words.
2	RTC's reply to my question:"The project is defined as Rainbow to Nellis since that's where the roadway improvements will take place as far as a dedicated bus lane.  However, the route would extend to the ends as they do now on the existing Route 202.  Unfortunately the information provided on the website understandably leads people to believe an express route would only operate between Rainbow and Nellis.  If this is ever constructed, we have full intent of operating the route from the current Grand Canyon area to the Cannery and make use of the dedicated lanes between Rainbow and Nellis.Thank you for your feedback."Okay, I'll take back what I said previously.
5	Having used public transportation in cities across the country, I found the RTC buses to be on time, running often and clean, hbrid motored, and easy to use. Getting from Fremont street to the convention center was easy. Additionally, the people riding the bus were very sharing with seats and polite.  Ride the Bus save money and get there quickly! The all day pass is great!
1	My very first trip to Vegas was dampened by the rude Bus Drivers! I work for a Transit System as well, so I am aware of the challenges of people and the road, but there is no excuse to be so rude. Caught the 104 , asked the Bus Driver if he was going past the Mall, told us No, kept saying to us "Are you riding with me or not..Im late" He wasn't late, had a 10 minute layover at the South Transit Centre. He only kinda helped after I informed him I am a union member and also drive City buses. Caught the SDX bus back, while it was at the Transit Centre, not moving, I looked in the Black Plexiglas window to check out the cockpit. A Female driver violently banged on the window, telling me I couldn't stand there and not hold onto the blue handle that is right in front of it. My friends also had similar experiences! I doubt very much that I will return to Vegas and spend my money there, the hotels make a ton of money, they need to get their own Hotel Shuttles going if they want to keep tourists coming back. Ive been treated better in 3rd world countries using their tiny buses!
2	Horrible service outside the strip and too slow on the strip to be worthwhile.  An embarrassment to the las Vegas metro area. They only get two stars because the Deuce on the strip is not a bad way for tourists to ride a double decker bus up and down the strip (air conditioning, generally). However, even that's really slow -- but that's not RTC fault.Everything else however is. They are a terribly dysfunctional agency who's service outside the strip is HORRENDOUS with buses routinely missing their scheduled time at least 2,3 times in a row. And this isn't due to traffic (as on the strip) its just because buses don't show up (I know because I often start at a terminus, and have waited an hour several times for a bus that is supposed to run every 15 minutes). I made the mistake of buying a 3 day bus pass in advance ($20, good deal or so it seems) for a 4 day trip. By the second day I knew I had made a horrible mistake, and there was no discussion but on the fourth day I used taxis. One of the taxi drivers (without me prompting) told me how everyone tells him the bus service is so bad and how its good for him. Personally I used to just rent a car but that's one of the few things that got a lot more expensive recently in Vegas. However, if you don't drink a lot I would just rent a car, otherwise, get a taxi. Don't get the bus, it will just ruin your vacation here. And for locals, it's even worse. These are people trying to get to jobs using the bus and they can only guess if they'll make it. RTC is by far the worst bus service in the country and the US has a lot of bad public bus companies. During my three days I noticed MANY fare inspectors on the buses; if RTC just instead invested in dispatchers and technology to make sure their buses run even close to schedule they would do a much better job. For a city with so many people so close by, RTC should have an easy job running buses profitably. But like the taxi driver told me, it's almost like a conspiracy to make the buses horrible so people will take the taxis/limos instead.
2	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 24/100Where do I even begin? Take this standpoint from a local who has tolerated the frequent 30-minute delays for about 5 years now. All because I somehow convinced myself - for some reason - that my long background with commuter trains, buses, trams and minibuses back in Hong Kong would help me get by without a car. Reality is, you cannot get by without a car in Vegas. RTC did it for me today, I wave my white flag and am just waiting till exams are over so that my license will finally get into the picture. Today, I left the Sahara West Library 15 minutes before closing to give myself ample waiting time before SX-B would arrive. 2 hours later, not a single bus arrived. Don't take my words with a grain of salt. I'm not even exaggerating. As 8pm hit, I began to suspect that something was amiss. Were the employees on strike? Did the buses break down? RTC phone line only ran till 6pm so that was not an option. Friends/family who had cars were not available to pick me up. Before I knew it, a whole sunset had just taken place before my eyes and the sky was already dark. What on earth was this supposed to be, a layover of some sort? Even airport waiting times were never as long. Just tragic. Anyway, what I did next was brisk walk all the way from the Grand Canyon stop to Fort Apache, hoping to try my luck on the SX-A (which meets with the SX-B at Fort Apache).There were people - good sign of safety - and lights. Almost 3 hours into my wait, guess which bus arrived - SX-B - the one I had waited for all afternoon! And the driver did not even knew what went on. I was outraged. To think how much time it would've taken to get home - 5 neighborhood blocks away - which would've been 10 minutes by car! I had 2 books checked out from the library, both of which I finished reading by the time the bus arrived. RTC gravely needs to improve their payment system as well, by establishing a tap card-ish service (we called them octopus cards in HK, clipper at the Bay). Buses run late sometimes because people take long paying $2/$5 in pennies and many times, the swipe-in day passes don't work once they are crumpled up a bit. There have been numerous instances where fights broke out and the drivers didn't mind having it going. Recently, RTC has tried to up its services by installing wi-fi within the bus. Perhaps it would be more useful to have that installed at the stops instead considering the delays and waiting. I understand that public transportation is not a big thing in this city but why don't we stop to think that maybe the reason people are so resistant to give up driving is because they have heard discouraging stories - turning the situation into a vicious cycle. Ever since I started college, I sought refuge in RTC to get me to school on time. However, after that one winter morning when the bus never arrived for me to catch a chemistry quiz (thankfully a friend swooped me to school just in time), I leave the house 2 hours before my first class just to make sure I am punctual. For the sake of the people of Las Vegas, I hope RTC will be able to tackle the issues that have been surrounding the agency for awhile now and improve their efficiency. Sorry guys, 2 stars.
1	I am writing this review as I'm I am trying to calm myself. I needed to take the bus from the Monte Carlo to Town Square. I get to the MC stop and there is no machine to buy a ticket. So I figured I could pay with my card on the bus itself. WRONG! I get on and ask to pay in card and the woman rudely told me, Cash Only. Well all I had was a $20 bill for a ticket that only costs $5. I asked if it would give change and she said, No Change. So I paid $15 EXTRA for a ticket because YOU, the RTC do not have a ticket machine at each bus stop! So we get to Mandalay Bay and the woman says, Last Stop. So she continues on and I walk down to the second level and say, "doesn't this go to Town Square?" She says no and I inform her that the maps for the Deuce at Monte Carlo said there is a stop at Town Square. I am extremely dissatisfied with my very first experience with the RTC and will certainly never use it or recommend it to anyone ever again.
2	Sorry. Spoiled by Denver's RTD. Enough said. Not enough and not big enough routes here in Vegas. They all stop short of where people need to go nowadays. In favor of where rowdy gangsters wanna go. I always feel in danger on board RTC buses here now. Even the Deuce.
1	Its a shame that most of the drivers are so rude u can say hello r hi and get no response what so ever was on 109 yesterday and the driver a female was just plain rude and nasty like she hated her job and everyone in it no customer skills here
1	This bus system is unlike anything that I have ever seen. Not even Miami-Dade buses are this wretched and they have sky high crime. Riding on board feels like the Twilight Zone meets musical chairs in broad daylight. Some bus routes are mobile war zones (e.g. 206 and 105) while others offer a more diverse assortment of M&M's (e.g. would-be murderers, dirty vagrants, substance abusers, people engaging in trash and flash and etc.) for one's riding pleasure. Not even riding the 6 train to the Bronx nor taking the PATH at night was ever this bonkers. Oh yes, here's looking at you, Vegas.    I am not even going to fully detail RTC's lack of punctuality and disdain for paying passengers such as not informing people of detours. The bus drivers and administrative staff could care less; they are in their air conditioned offices looking important from their cubicles. Las Vegas (including RTC) makes the fallacy to presume that all people who ride the bus are poor trash. That mentality only attracts the same people they deride. Maybe the concept that some bus passengers ride to be green, have the passenger view and chill is too abstract for them to comprehend at this time. The markup prices that RTC charges tourists are so not worth the sh.. service that is rendered. If you do decided to board the bus for some odd reason (driving here's dangerous, I know), always purchase your bus passes at an RTC bus terminal. This way, you can obtain the locals price. If you're gonna blow $20 on the Deuce for a few days, why not spend $35 on a residential two week bus pass? When you leave Vegas, you can always pay it forward and give the bus pass to a needy person. There is a lot of poverty in this shiny entertainment mecca. My advice for tourists who actually decide to visit Sin City: drive and stay away from most residential neighborhoods. In the span of a decade (maybe longer, if I am right), this town has transformed into an open air zoo. You never know what kind of animals you will encounter be it gorillas, chimpanzees, feral hogs, bison and snakes (constrictors and venomous). Think of being on the Strip like having a chaperoned date that tells you, "If you have sex, you die and go to hell." The sad truth in this parable is that your conservative chaperone is right and actually means well. Stay in the better part of the Strip indoors or only venture outside to specific locales (e.g. Red Rock, Las Vegas Springs Preserve and Valley of Fire) and you'll tend to be okay if you check your lunar calendar. However, I can't issue any guarantees for anyone's safety in Las Vegas. I hate to sound superstitious, but observe the cycles of the moon and the people, and see what you come up with.  Riding the cab is at your own risk. This isn't NYC where you can flag a cab and set a negotiable price. From the moment that you hop on in, your life's being billed away. That, and cabbies get into a lot of accidents here over unsafe driving and the results for the parties involved are often fatal.
3	$6 bucks for a one way three stop ride... Wow.Anyways. Driver was nice and very informative. Was a nice ride.I think I waited for the bus longer then my ride was to south terminal. For $6 you get a two hour base fare. So it works, but still a bit high when LA is $1.75 per ride.$8 gets you a better deal. So if you plan on using them get the $8 ticket.
1	The worst form of public transportation this country has to offer. You're better off walking. Even if it takes you an hour and a half, you will get there before the bus. Its one thing for a scheDuled bus to be late but to just not show up at al!?! What the F@CK?!?! THIS HAS HAPPENED TO ME TOO MANY TIMES TO COUNT!!!! Last time I checked I was paying, not getting on the bus for free. The standard needs to be raised immediately!
1	Terrible. I gave only one star.  While SDX and Deuce are convenient and little cheaper than cab to move down the Strip to/from downtown, it has issues with inefficient and mediocre service. I was taking it only 2 days and I already ran into buses that were unreliable. For example I was trying to take northbound SDX at Casino Center/Carson south of Carson street after 5:45 pm,  the one which takes the detour and doesn't stop at the station by parking garage due to light shows. When I see bus coming, it doesn't stop and instead stops at the original non-evening location. I run there, see all people offloading, I am trying to board the bus and get refused. For some reason they made it last stop and did not take people I think. The RTC that did not let me wasn't professional, when I asked isn't this bus that goes to LV Premium North, he says it was, and the door closes. WTF?The cheapest fare is $6 for only 2 hours or $8 for 24 hours. This is the most expensive US public transportation system I have ever seen in the US compared to San Francisco, LA, Chicago or New York. Also good luck trying to catch bus to the airport on the strip. There is no one stop convenient transfer station and the map guides they give you lack important detals, maps with route stops are misleading and look like share some  stop for couple routes, but they are actually two different stops that may be a 1 or 2 blocks away. The only convenient station transfers are outside the strip at SST, BTC and downtown (where I saw WEX and SDX share same stop, why they can't make one in front of any single casino on The Strip?).
