5	For Mexican food, I love to visit this Azteca location.  The service is excellent and they will substitute items on the menu.  As a shrimp lover, a favorite dish is the Carnitas Camarones which is prawns sliced and fried with onions, green peppers and mushrooms served with rice and beans.  They usually have a margarita special (mango = yummy) along with a beer special.  The restaurant is always crowded for dinner on the weekends.  Although the restaurant is pretty large, I suggest you arrive before the dinner time hour so that you don't have to wait.
5	Oh my god! The closest to authentic moms Mexican food I've ever tasted! I had a chicken & pork enchilada with salsa verse drizzled all over just like I like it. & surprisingly the beans which are bland at most Mexican restaurants, were very tasty. Five stars for really yummy not your average Mexican food!
3	08/24/11Last meal in Charlotte before our flight.  Nice, bright atmosphere, and the restaurant was very large, which I couldn't tell walking in through the front door.  I liked the wood furniture and decor.  I had a feeling I'd been there before, but it's fairly new, and it was my first visit...Everyone who tried the complimentary homemade chips and salsa enjoyed it.  I ordered the Two Taco combo, where I chose a soft taco filled w/ beef for myself, and gave a hard corn taco (also w/ beef) to my nephew.  Enjoyed everything else on my plate!  The "dirty rice" wasn't greasy, and I liked the texture and flavor of the refried beans.  Mom and sis shared a fajita combo platter, with chicken and shrimp, which they both enjoyed.  I'd sampled a juice (sorry, but forgot the name) drink that wasn't on the menu, but didn't like it- tasted like cough syrup to me, so I went ahead and ordered sweet iced tea.Wouldn't mind going back to try their other lunch combos, or to have dinner there on our next visit to the Queen City!
5	Really good food and a large qty our sever was really nice and willing to work with us. I like spicy my mom did not and willing to dumb down spices for her. The chips they give are hand made and gave me three diff salsa's the pink one is really good if you like hot :-) very friendly atmosphere and relaxed they make guaimolie sorry don't know how to spell it but you have to ask for it. It is not openly offered but I think you eat it with the chips not sure. But very good food. If you like salsaritas, they have nothing on this place and forget chilies :-) oh BTW this was my first time here
5	Very friendly - excellent for large parties great Mexican food - large potions and their make at the table guacamole is amazing - family friendly
4	The size of this restaurant is absolutely much more roomier compared to the South Blvd. location. If you've been to one of the Aztecas in mid or lower Charlotte, then you won't expect to see anything different on the menu. However, what you can expect to see is a change in staff every six months or so. I believe they've changed owners once or twice during the time they've been open and have shuffled around the waiting and managerial staff. For the better though. They seem much more helpful and coordinated with their food runs and service. The food of the restaurant is decent and hits the spot. There isn't really anything special with their enchiladas, tacos, or tamales. I'm not an expert on Mexican cuisine, so I could be totally wrong, but those three items seem to be pretty uniform at any Mexican restaurant. The thing that really bothers me though is the lower quality of meats they have switched to. The chicken tastes like it comes from a Swanson Chicken can and the ground beef they use is the highest amount of fat possible. HOWEVER, those are the combos. If you really want the "quality" meat and flavor, then you have to go to their speciality items or fajitas and pay a little more money for quality. Nothing wrong in that, amigos. Having learned that the combos aren't really good anymore, I've switched to the Carne Asada and the meat is muchhhh better! Now I actually feel like I'm spending my money for a good reason. Fajitas are starting to show a little more bell peppers & onions than meat lately, so they're starting to slack on that, but the fajitas are pretty standard once again. I gave it four stars because of the lack of quality they're starting to go to now (I know, the economy excuse), but everything else is great in the restaurant. Friendly staff, clean tables, and decent prices for dinner. Lunch prices are excellent, so don't be afraid to come here for a quick bite if you don't want the same old $5 sub down the road.
3	The food was fine and served in a timely manner (refills were slower), but the waiter was rather short with us as he was the other times we were there. Otherwise it was okay.
3	Basic boring Tex Mex, but hey the place was packed. They know what brings them in, so who am I to judge.  There were some nice touches that bring it up a notch or two over similar restaurants - generous use of cilantro, pickled onions and cactus salad with the carnitas - but they were negated by the over cooked carnitas meat, packaged corn tortillas and tasteless Huevos Rancheros. The restaurant itself is huge and colorfully appointed; service is very good. The bill for lunch was very inexpensive. Despite everything this is actually one of the better choices around Northlake; but that says more about the dearth of good dining options in that area.
5	The food and service are excellent.  The prices are very reasonable.  My only complaint is the drinks can be a little stronger. Try the Pork Canitas.
5	Full disclosure: I'm not a big fan of Mexican in general beyond tacos that I cook myself at home. That said, this place is pretty great. Price is reasonable for the mountain of food you get with most meals, and the service has always been friendly and fairly prompt when I've eaten here. I've only ever been for dinner, so one of these days I need to do the lunch test and see if it's doable in a 'typical' lunch hour or not. For the one or two times a year that I am in the mood for Mexican, I go with Azteca!
3	OK Mex.Went here on a early Sat evening for dinner. We sat outside on the patio which was nice.I had the two Amigos with grilled shrimp and chicken in a sauce of sour cream andmelted monterray jack cheese.It comes with refrios and lettuce with a choice of flour or corn tortillas.The taste was somewhat bland.Their salsa was very heavy on onions which I didn't care for.
4	I have been here for lunch several times, but we finally went for dinner last night - it was hopping! We each had a Fresh Margarita and it was delicious - made with fresh lime and orange juice. We ordered the fajitas (one shrimp. one chicken) and the Enchilladas Suizas. The portions are HUGE and we couldn't finish it all - try as we might. (No problemo! Leftovers are another meal in the future!) It was very busy with a mix of groups of friends to families to foursomes in booths. Obviously family friendly and very noisy, but not in a bad way. Will definately be back!
4	I love Azteca!  This location is large and bright, and is a great place for larger groups.  Although it always seems busy, I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes to be seated.  My favorite meal is the chicken fajitas, and the serving is more than enough to share with another person.  Service has always been fast and attentive.  Top shelf margaritas are generous with the liquor. ;) My only complaint is that they recently changed their chips and I really dislike them!  They are thick and seem stale.  But, I'll still go and skip the chips, and have the complimentary sopapillas for dessert.
4	Started with a virgin pina colada..the glass of which was humongous. But i loved it.. Their complimentary chips were fresh and crispy, the salsa was tasty too. We ordered the guacamole and this part is interesting : the waiter made delicious fresh guacamole direct from the avocado fruit, right in front of us :D :D. For the main course, i shared the enchilada , tostado combination with my mother. it was good..I took away one star because being a vegetarian, all dishes come with the same same black bean filling. so apart from the presentation all the dishes taste pretty much the same. So for this I wont blame it on the restaurant but ya just doesnt make me want to give full stars.Nice interiors, friendly waiters and good food.. u shud definitely go if in the area ..totally worth it..
4	Ola!  Please be seated amigos and...amig-etts.  The side effect of the great food here is me, all of the sudden, thinking that I can speak Spanish.  I love making up words while drinking a one gallon margarita and stuffing my face full of tamales, guacamole (made fresh in front of you), and saucy satisfaction.  This is the best Mexican food I have found thus far in my short tenure in Charlotte.  I have been here almost ten times and I haven't had a bad experience so far.  Now, I don't order the combo dishes, I typically get something like Pulpo, or some chicken, seafood, or meat dish - reliable broad spectrum quality.  I am getting excited about my next visit just writing this.  I envision my next entrance with me bobbling up on a donkey as I rock out a poncho with sombrero and sunglasses with a fork in a napkin sheath.  Don Quixote can inspire.  More re-fried beans please.
5	Best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte.  The arroz con pollo is awesome (chicken in rice with a red sauce on top of melted cheese).  They have some tacos which are not on the menu which are my favorite. They ar called tacos de asada and they bring 4 with a small bowl of beans on the  side.  There enchiladas are excellent as well as their burritos.  To drink try the Horchara, a Mexican rice milk drink.
4	Just had dinner their with my family who lives in Charlotte.  This is as good as it get's to authentic Mexican food.  The food was fresh and delicious. I highly recommend this place.  Just found another great restaurant to eat when I come to town.
3	Had lunch here yesterday.  Been a while. I keep forgetting about this place even though it is basically across the street from my office.  But it is buried deep in a strip mall type area. Anyway the lunch was great. I had a deluxe beef burrito. It was huge. Otherwise nothing unusual at all. But very fresh, tasty, and satisfying. Service was friendly and prompt. Prices average for this type of spot. All in all a winner. Not a go out of your way place. But if you're in the area, and feel like Mexican food, worth the stop
4	I have passed this place for over a year and the parking lot is always packed. The food was pretty good but for the $20 price tag for steak tacos I expected more. The portions were very large however so I guess that balanced it out. I was only able to eat half of my meal the portions were so large. I got 3 tacos and an entire plate full of rice. Only issue with my food was that the tacos were drinched in salsa to the point where they were falling apart (the salsa was just poured over the entire plate and not on each taco). As for the customer service everyone was very nice and polite. I would definitely go back here again, but just order something different.
4	This is one of our favorite Mexican spots which is pretty consistent. Their chips are hot and salsa is pretty good,  I really like the fact that the queso ( white cheese dip) comes in a bowl size fit for sharing. For ex, Cabo's comes in an ittybitty  small as a finger bowl. It  is $5, plus it too runny for me. Anyway, Azteca's servers have always been attentive and quick for our needs. The food is reasonably priced and portions are nice.  He loves the chicken and shrimp fajitas and I really like the Pollo Poblano. Here, it is just right &  not too sweet like some other spots.
5	My favorite Mexican place in Charlotte by far. Great staff, super quick service, and delicious fare at reasonable prices. My favorite is pollo asado, but you simply can't go wrong. The real deal!
1	My husband and I have been many times and enjoyed it.  This last time not so much.  We took our kids to try it.  The kids ordered something that they thought they were getting but when they brought it out, it was something totally different.  We asked the waiter and he basically told us too bad.  We should read the menu and this was what we ordered.  My kids had even told the waiter what they were wanting on their plates.  The waiter never offered that the plate they asked for had a different kind of sauce.  The manager basically told my kids that they would not replace both meals.  It costs to much money for them to waste.  What , the customer is not always right?  After telling the manager that we wanted it changed, he said that he would give them one plate to share.  Rude, Rude Rude!!!!We will be returning to Fiesta Maya from now on.  At least the customer is treated respectively and kind.
5	Great Mexican restaurant. My family and I have always used this place for special occasions. It shows you how good a place is when it is slammed full on a Friday night in Charlotte. Both locations can get full, so that is a sign that they are doing something right!
5	This place is pretty hidden up in the North Lake mall area, but it is great!  I did not have high hopes for it, but I have been there 3 times now, and each time has been awesome.The Margaritas are huge! (order the Cabo Wabo margarita)  The juices are fresh and the tequila is strong.  Two of these will set you up nicely for the evening, and they aren't even that expensive.  For food, the queso is delicious, but the real highlight is the steak quesadilla.  The steak is delicious and has soo much flavor.I love coming here, even though it is 15+ mins outside of the city.  It's under the radar, but I will keep returning.
2	Don't be fooled. Charlotte doesn't seem to have much to compare. I'm a tough critic because I'm from the west coast. Not that great.
5	My second favorite Mexican Resturant in the area. Outstanding chips and salsa. The BEST table side guacamole anywhere.  Any of the steak dishes are amazing. Great service always.  And a large beer is a LARGE beer. Truly a outstanding restaurant.
2	I have to say I wasn't too impressed with this place. Food was ok but the service was pretty awful. No salsa or drink refills. Ive been twice now and I don't think I'll go again.
4	Traveling through Charlotte? This is right off of I-77, open late and was a great place for a quick meal- we were in and out in about 30 minutes without being in any huge rush. It was a nice break from rest stop fast food options. Food was standard American-Mexican style. Lots of cheese, not terribly spicy or flavorful, really, and the standard menu choices. Portions were absolutely insane, which means a bonus snack further along your route if you take leftovers. We had queso, fajitas and a combination plate for $26. Plus, free sopaipillas for dessert!  Service was curt and efficient, which worked fine for us.
3	Girl's Night Out= Mexican Night! Oh yeah!!! Azteca's always a good choice! The margaritas are big and strong ( as they should be) and the food is solid every time. I ordered a taco salad with chicken. It was a good dinner, we had a great time and if I'm in the area I'd stop here again!
4	I have been here twice for lunch and both times were great. Large portions and fast service. The service was good but not great. But that shouldn't stop you from having a good meal.
5	Every time I come to Azteca it's been a great experience.  Never have to wait too long to have a seat and the food is great. We go here a lot for birthdays because the food is so good and reasonably priced
5	I really enjoy coming to Azteca!!  Mexican is my favorite food and this place is awesome!!  Great food and great service!  And the prices are reasonable.  I have also been to the one on Woodlawn and it's just as nice!  The servers are always upbeat and friendly.  I would really recommend you come and try :) I will definitly be coming back!  I have many times!
4	This is my second visit to an Azteca, but first to this location. The service was spectacular. They had us covered on everything before we even had a chance to tell them we needed it. Drink refills, salsa, chips. Was great. Food was great as usual. Both our meals were right, no issues. Just like the other location, would not hesitate to come back.
4	I think you could sum up the next 30 years of my life in Huntersville as a constant internal battle over one critical question: La Unica or Azteca?My loyalties have been with La Unica since I first experienced it at its old location off Sam Furr Road and have continued at its new, larger location. But then Azteca entered the battlefield.Azteca has great food and great service, but most importantly it has GREAT DRINKS. Strong margaritas, huge beers, good tequila. Everything you need for an excellent Mexican(-American) dining experience.The only downside to Azteca is the location--a bit off the beaten path, although it's nominally near Northlake Mall. Once you find it, it's remoteness is actually kind of pleasant, but it could be a dealbreaker for folks not committed to an above-average Mexican meal.I have to give Azteca 4 stars for now--but this battle is far from over. I will see you on the battlefield.
2	New to town my boyfriend and myself went due to the raving reviews. HonestLY we were pretty disappointed. I used to work in a Mexican restaurant that was rating the best by the state and I didn't recognize half the food. Also I though it was strange my dish came with  coleslaw....and I'm pretty sure it was spoiled. The food was mediocre , but not excellent. My boyfriend insisted the chips tasted like sweat. BUT the reason I WONT go back is their margaritas. You get the choice of size and flavor, that's it . I figured I start off with a basic strawberry and I had 2 by the end of the meal. They were not worth it. 4 margs came to $34!! I was baffled. PASS
1	WARNING! On June 25th, I ordered chicken tortilla soup to go from Azteca Mexican Restaurant - Smith Corners. After driving home and getting settled (nearly 25 minutes later) the container which was not secured by the manager who packed my order, spilled into my lap. I was rushed to the hospital where it was determined that I had received 2nd degree burns from their soup, through denim jeans, nearly HALF AN HOUR LATER! I have been given the run around from the restaurant, their management, and their insurance group The Main Street America Group who refuse to cover my just medical expenses or answer my questions. Those of you that know my family and I know that we are honest, hard-working people who don't ask for more than we are justly due. I am asking you join my family and I in spreading this warning by reposting this and boycotting this restaurant. If you do choose to dine with them, I don't recommend the soup.
1	WARNING! On June 25th, My daughter ordered chicken tortilla soup to go from Azteca Mexican Restaurant - Smith Corners. After driving home and getting settled (nearly 25 minutes later) the container which was not secured by the manager who packed her order, spilled into my lap. She was rushed to the hospital where it was determined thatshe had received 2nd degree burns from their soup, through denim jeans, nearly HALF AN HOUR LATER! She has been given the run around from the restaurant, their management, and their insurance group The Main Street America Group who refuse to cover just her medical expenses or answer my questions. Those of you that know my family and I know that we are honest, hard-working people who don't ask for more than we are justly due. I am asking you join my family and I in spreading this warning by reposting this and boycotting this restaurant. If you do choose to dine with them, I don't recommend the soup.
3	Had dinner and drinks at Azteca this weekend with a friend of mine. The restaurant itself is quite large and had a festive aura. Upon arriving, I sat at the bar (as I waited for my friend) and had a top shelf margarita. The margarita itself was strong. As a bartender, I tend to like mine a bit more subtle w the alcohol, but I'm a bit crazy like that. The bartender was affable and hard at work. He ran the bar nicely.When my friend arrived we grabbed a table. No reservations on weekends keep in mind. Our server was quiet and a bit hurried. I understand that because it was a Saturday night. When we did order (burritos and a chicken dish in a cream sauce) our food came quickly. The chips that came with salsa were bland and too thick to me. The entrees themselves were on plates larger than a small country. It was aesthetically funny to look at. Our meals were good. Not amazing but not bad. I will say the chorizo burrito was quite tasty though. The pricing was inexpensive. Like most Mexican places, you get a lot of food for the $$.Would I return. Yes. For what is in the area, Azteca is a decent spot for a quick and filling Mexican dish.
1	Subpar to say the least... Definitely won't be eating here ever again. Very bland food. Blah.
4	from all the aztecas rest in charlotte this is the best one.  me and husband we are fun of all the aztecas, rest.  great service and delicious margaritas
3	The food was good, but it's a bit over priced. My burrito literally only had the steak in it.
5	Awesome atmosphere here.  They have a mariachi band, fresh ingredients for guacomole and salsa, great margaritas, and great food.  I had the pollo chipotle and it was fabulous.  Definitely a great place for your go to Mexican restaurant.
2	Very disappointed with food and service. I am rarely in the University area but went to Northlake mall a few weeks ago with a friend and decided to grab lunch here. I have always enjoyed Azteca off Independence. I had been to this location several years ago and it was ok but not this time. The server we had apparently had  someplace he needed to be or would rather be. He was very impatient when we were trying to decide what to eat. Once we decided the meals were not as good as in the past. I ate less than half of mine and the server never asked if everything was ok just came by and said are you done and took my plate. Oh well, not like I would be going back here soon but now I will certainly not recommend it.
5	Boy, do I miss the salsa here!!! Actually, I really miss all of the food here.I didn't discover Azteca until my last year of college when I moved to the Northlake area.This was a frequent dine-in and take-out spot for me. The salsa was always on point with lots of cilantro and onions. I actually try to base my own homemade salsa on the salsa here. It's just that good!The cheese enchilada has always been good here as well as the beans.Everything here just always tastes fresh.They also have massive burritos I've seen my friends order.This is one of my favorite restaurants overall in the Charlotte area. It's also less gringo than some of the places in University.
4	We have ordered take out from here several times and finally stopped in the other day for lunch. They have amazing salsa, lots of cilantro which I happen to love. They don't have many vegetarian options on the menu but they do a have a few. The vegetable burrito was delicious and the portion is huge. The waiters were nice and quick with everything. All in all I would def. go here again and we will continue to get take out from here all the time!
5	I am from Dallas, Texas transplanted to the Charlotte, North Carolina area. As an aficionado of Mexican cuisine, Azteca Family Restaurant Is the BEST Mexican food I have EVER had. You won't find your palate wanting when you eat here. The service is excellent and the management is second to none. Five-out-of-five stars, Azteca Family Restaurant is a six.
