2	I have only once stopped by this wee tearoom, but for one reason in particular, it's unlikely that I'll resturn.  The toilets...are out the back of the kitchen.  And by out, I mean outside, as in out of doors, as in, not inside teh cafe!!  Very strange and made worse by the fact that the toilet roll was damp, there was a gap between the bottom of the door and the ground (not floor, GROUND!), and the sink was out of order.  Enough said.  Aside from the toilet fiasco, the tea was nice, although its pretty difficult to prepare bad tea, but my scone was pretty rough.  The only reason this place clawed back an extra star was the magazines provided for the lone customer, i.e. me.  And had I not been on my todd that day I probably would not have noticed the discreet magazine rack and so, Cafe Anfora may only have received 1 star.  Bad times.
1	Ok, ok, ok... I can see your point with the toilet - if I had wanted to go number one outside I would have travelled back to the 1800's thanks. I mean seriously - who the fuck designs a cafe where you have to pee outside?! Idiots, thats who.The tea I had was cold and over stewed, and when I asked for a better cuppa I was instantly afraid I would get my tea back with a few 'extras' for good measure. Food was awful, cake was hard enough to shatter teeth.BAAAD.
4	I think to label the owners of this cafe as "idiots" is a sign of idiocy itself. I seriously doubt that the bogs are outside just for a laugh, and would suggest myself that lack of funds / ability to extend the property, or planning permission issues are what's to blame, rather than mere lack of intelligence. Anyway, the location of the toilets doesn't bother me much. I'll quite literally shit anywhere, and have marked my territory in far worse places than the grim, damp shed given over to defecation just outside Cafe Anfora. The complaints are just a sign of how mollycoddled our society has become. In 1916, our boys in the trenches lived for years at a time in our own filth, before heading over the top to be ripped to pieces by machine gun fire. They didn't complain. Feces based issues aside, it's not the greatest cafe ever, but will do for a coffee and a sit down if you find yourself out in the suburbs for whatever reason. Nothing wrong with it in my experience.
1	Ok, being an optimist, I'm usually of the opinion that no establishment deserves one star. Until I decided to get some lunch is Cafe Anfora.  It was quite possibly the worst experience I've ever had as a customer.And so let me begin.  I didn't even use the toilet facilities so I shan't complain about them, it seems that aspect of this place has been well and truly covered by previous reviews.  I was walking along trying to decide where to go for lunch and decided upon Cafe Anfora as it looked that a pleasant place to sit and enjoy a tasty sandwich.  True enough, I imagine it would have been, had I been allowed to do so. The interior was very bright and open, with just a few tables and simple chairs arranged in the shop front. And so I walk up to the counter with a smile and a greeting to whom I assume was the owner, and was welcomed with a scowl. I gazed up to the board above his head displaying clearly what fillings I could have, yet found myself squinting to try and decipher the crude pictures of the types of sandwich available (toasted, non toasted, baguette, wrap etc). Upon enquiring that these strange hieroglyphics represented, I was again greeted with a very rude response from the man behind the counter along with any enquiry from him as to what I was doing there (?!?). At this point, if it hadn't been for my increasingly ravaging hunger, I'd have simply walked out.  Yet persist I did and ordered a sweet chilli chicken toasted sandwich with a dash of mayo. Yet what I received, as I found out later, was a overly chewy sweet chilli chicken cold sandwich with garlic mayo. Not a great combination at all, it tasted foul. Upon attempting to take a seat in his empty cafe, I was informed by a series of grunts that I had not paid to sit in and that I would have to leave. I was in no mood to argue and so leave I did. On the way out the door, I stopped to take note of the opening hours. Upon seeing this, the owner came forth from the counter and ushered me off the premises. Overall, the experience was one of extremely unfriendly (bordering on hostile) staff and poor quality of food. I hadn't even been offered brown or white bread, and the order was wrong. As the shop wasn't busy (I was the only customer), there was no excuse for this terrible performance of customer service. Avoid.
3	I see Cafe Anfora is getting a bit of grief for their bathroom....!! It's a cafe, not a toilet - the toilet is a minor detail.ANYWAY, the cafe itself isn't too bad! It serves cakes etc, when I asked if they had anything for lunch they said there was a wee problem in the kitchen, they were lovely about it so I wasn't too bothered. Ok my scone was a bit chewy, but it was edible. My coffee was nice and warm, just how I like it, but I noticed some people turning their back because it was too cold. Uhoh.It's not bad, but it's not amazing either, and the toilets make it different!
3	Wow, there's a real mixed bag of reviews here!  Before I begin, I should say that I didn't visit the toilet here, and so can't comment on such matters!  I was here for a short visit to pick up a drink on my way to do some more Yelp research.  I found the assistant who served me to be very pleasant, greeting me with a cheery grin and serving me quickly and efficiently.  On the service front, I can't fault them.  I think I'd need to return here, and stay a while with some food to get the full picture of this place.  As far as I can tell, it's a great little local cafe.
