4	Solid mcdonalds, good coffee, fresh , accurate orders. Free wifi and a remodeled dining room.
4	I'm here frequently for coffee since it's close to my kids school. We've had fundraisers here, playdates, etc. Plenty of room. Dining room is remodeled. Video games and a large play structure for the kids. The food is ya know McDonald's, but the employees are friendly and they get my order correct pretty much all the time (they can't seem to grasp light cream on the iced coffee though). Bathrooms are clean. No complaints :)
2	Usually here for the occasional diet Coke and occasionally an ice cream cone for the dogs, but since sometime around 7:00 a.m. this morning the place is gone -completely demolished.  Now why does that make me all happy and giddy with joy?  I imagine it's simply because it's too much of a temptation.Well I don't know this to be a fact but I'm fairly certain they'll be back.
5	This is McDonald's, you know what to expect and they deliver it consistently. If you're writing a bad review about McDonald's, you may lack self control or are just a cranky person. McDonald's is a great place to indulge in unbelievable french fries and tiny wonderful cheeseburgers, but only a few times a year.
4	Mcdonald's food is just way to constant to judge it from location,  so you can really only review the service.   This location is better than many I've been to,  and the ground up rebuild a few month ago makes it one of the more modern Mickey D's arround.   Only thing that keeps this from being a 5 star review was the fact that they don't open at 4:30am.  Now,  I can't nessesarraly fault them for that,  but a few weeks ago I tried to go through the drive through at 4:30am or thereabouts.  ALL the lights  at the drive through and through out the store were on,  so I sat there for a few minutes saying "hello"  before driving off.   Overall,  decent coffee,  good fast food and service. Of course I'll be back!
5	This place is brand new!  So you know McDonalds is on it's game for the first year.  The food has been great every time, and the employees there actually have made me laugh a couple of times through the drive through.  They seem very nice and not always... Can I take your oder... I give this place 5 stars as far as mcdonalds go.  I drive a little out of my way to come to this one because I know all their machines are nice, clean and new ^.^
4	I stopped here this mornng before going to work. The person taking my order was nice. The lady at the 1st window was nice. But at the second window where I got my food, she didnt utter a damn word to me. Put my straw in my bag, handed me my drink and then my bag without saying a ANYTHING! No "Good Morning" "Here You Go" "Have a Nice Day" "Kiss My Ass" or anything. How effin rude is that!?! If you dont want to provide customer service or at the very least mumble a greeting, then you need to either not come in to work that day, or take your ass behind the fryer so you dont have to talk to anyone. We all have bad days but shit have SOME type of professionalism.On the brightside, my food was the hottest that I've ever had at McDonald's so I thank them for that. I know im on the late bus but I tried the bacon egg and cheese McGriddle for the first time today. It was nice and hot, a bit too sweet though.
2	So my passengers became jealous of my drink. They wanted a drink, too. And one wanted burgers. So we stopped. I guess my pet peeve is when they make you pull up and wait. Its fast food. It was a cheeseburger and a soda. A kids burger.  In front of us was another car also waiting for something. Load of SH-, I say. So we looked at an overfilled garbage can and waited for a stupid burger. Smelling garbage as our appetizer. Go to another MDs. This is bad business practice.
4	I went through the drive through, it was quick. I ate cheap processed food that tastes the same as EVERY OTHER MCDONALDS! The fries were hot and not to salted, 4 stars.
