5	I walked here in the heat and was immediately greeted with an ice cold beer. For free! It was a delicious IPA and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. There were even snacks. I also had another sample of their Camelback ale. Both were heaping samples, almost a full cup. The tour was fun and informative. The co owner George even gave me and my boyfriend a ride to the lightrail stop!! We didn't bring our bikes. So awesome.  Definitely recommend. Lovely way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
5	Was out on my day off and happened to drive by this wonderful new brewery in Phoenix and sure lucky I did!!! The Brew master was super cool and gave me a tour of the brewery and a ton of information that was great for a small home brewer like myself. Then got to sample some of their exceptional brew. I really liked there IPA! If you are ever in the neighborhood I highly recommend stopping in!!!
3	I stopped by to cash in on my yelp deal and continue my phoenix brew tour.  Phoenix Ale Brewery has a one of the prettiest brewery tap rooms around despite the its construction status.  The owner is more than happy is give tours and divulge some beer  history.  As a beer geek, there weren't any beers that lit my socks on fire.  Not that the brews are bad, but nothing radical.  Hopefully in a  few months they'll have a few more beers on tap and something exceptional.     Taster rack Fretzy's - Smooth and easy to drink.Watermelon Hef - Perfect blend of hef flavor with a hint of watermelon finishCamelback IPA - Not for me, finishes a smooth a little bitter.  Definitely one of the more mild IPA's around.Stop by if you're new to the brewery scene since taster racks are inexpensive and the watermelon hef will please even the most staunch beer haters.  Side note. Though I didn't let it affect my rating, the owner and I had a disagreement over the yelp deal.
5	WOW!!!  so I was trying to find a bar near where I live and lo and behold, this pops up!  Hubbie and I went there tonight.  The guy behind the counter (gonna assume its the owner)  was awesomely friendly and the beer? fantastic!!! Camelback IPA:  Not quite as bitter as other IPAs.  It has kind of a citrusy undertone to it.  Its quite good.Watermelon Ale:  Was good.  Reminded me of a hard cider.  Very Light and refreshing.  My Favorite!  Freitz nonfiltered ale:  very good.Prices are super great for the quality.  Go on in and support local businesses, and especially support local breweries!!! (and beer)  They do not have food, which is okay because they let food trucks park there.  The food truck tonight was good;)  Cajun Food:) yummie.
5	If you haven't heard about Phoenix Ale Brewery you will!Two experienced beer guys have come together to start this great brewery.  The founder of Pyramid Brewery out of Seattle Washington George Hancock and 20 year salesmen Greg Fretz.  Having only opened their doors in early 2011 they now have over 100 handles at bars across town and are in Total Wine, Bevmo, Costco, Etc.Their first beer was Fretzy's Unfiltered Ale.  This was named after Greg Fretz who is the face of the company.  It's a cloudy English ale with lots of flavor.  This beer was followed by the Camelback IPA (my personal favorite) and the Watermelon Wheat.They recently opened a store front pub where you can enjoy any of the three beers they offer.  They've set up tables, tv's, dart board, foosball, etc.  You will find either George Hancock or Greg Fretz behind the counter.  They are both willing to tell you all about their beers and give you a tour of the brewery.This is a must for any craft beer lover.  The Phoenix area really likes a quality local brew and I'm certain Phoenix Ale Brewery is going to help fill that void!
4	I attended the Brittlebush Beer Dinner with Phoenix Ale Brewery and Fretzy was speaking at the beer dinner (check out the other beer dinners at the Brittlebush at Westin Kierland) and encouraged us all to come down and check out the brewery, so I did. I walked in and met the other partner in the brewery, George Hancock, who was warm and welcoming and walked me into the brewery to give me a little personal tour. Being interested in the brewing process it was great to get the education from one of the owners. He handed over some knowledge, tastings, and beers and it was a great experience. Here's to local brewers with good tastebuds and big heart!
4	This is a working brewery, not a brew pub. There is food available from a food truck occasionally.  The choice of beers is limited to just a couple of beers none of which are really exciting for a craft beer lover. Their beers are more entry level type beers for craft beer newbies so if Blue Moon is your idea of craft beer you'll like this place but if your idea of craft beer is Four Peaks Hop Knot forget it. Prices are ultra reasonable but I look at it as you pay for what you get. Their beers and the place are clean without any off flavors.
5	Fantastic. I'm so excited to see these guys succeed. I went on a week-night with a friend, and the owner's parents were running the bar. They didn't know a heck of a lot about beer, but the brewmaster was on hand to answer questions, and they were a pleasure to chat with. The tasting room is nearly open to the production floor, so you can see the operation in action. The beer is rock-solid, especially the imperial porter. I was a little confused by the watermelon wheat beer, but I was glad that I tried it. And their flagship unfiltered ale is scrumptious. Too bad they're not in a better location, but clearly the emphasis is on making great beer, and pushing it around the valley. Great.
4	Love having a new brew house in town. The Fretzy unfiltered ale is excellent. they also are doing some inspired, original brews. I was surprised by how tasty the watermelon wheat ale is - smells like a Jolly Rancher but has a smooth, easy-to-drink flavor. For you purists, they offer an IPA. I like it but like most IPAs I can suck down only one before it wipes out my taste buds for the rest of the day. The Fretzy on the other hand I could probably drink all day long, especially at a ballgame or hanging out in the pool. BTW they sell Fretzy at Diamondbacks games. Yay!The guys making the beer are two of the foremost craft beer experts. In other words, they know what they're doing. And, they've figured out how to turn our lousy hard desert water into delicousness. Thank you for that.I'm lobbying for them to start producing an amber ale. Until then, I'm withholding one star on my rating. Greg, you know what to do.
5	The beer here is world class.  Despite being open for so little time, I can already say Phoenix Ale Brewery will be *huge* in short time.  There's a taste here for everyone, despite having a small selection.  George is super friendly, and is happy to shoot the shit, or show you around.My only complaint has to do with the location / building.  It's clearly just a brewery, with a drinking area, which is fine.  I'm waiting for the tap-bar with food to open in a good location!
5	Wow!! This place is great. Guy serving you the beer super friendly. Prices are average. Not a huge selection of beer, but not bad. Watermelon ale is yummy. Relaxed atmosphere. No food, but you can bring your own. Tours of the brewery available.
3	The beer is average, but overpriced.  Save yourself $10 on a case and wait until Costco restocks.  ($30 a case at the brewery, $20 at Costco).   Perhaps I would return if they end up opening up an actual restaurant,  as the staff there were extremely friendly, but not too much of a draw at this point....
5	My bf and I are from California so it was a nice delight to have stumbled upon this place through yelp. When we first arrived it looked a little shady but when we entered; although it seemed a little big it was very hommie. The owner was very nice and very helpful, he immediately gave us samples and gave us a brief description about each one. I will say the watermelon ale was amazing! I had never heard of such an ale in cali so we bought a few six packs. I'm a huge fan of porters, it wasn't too smooth but it was delicious, the camelback was nice However I'm not a fan of IPAs so maybe thats why I didn't like the last one, but if you do it is very hoppy and I would recommend itOverall I'm happy that we checked this place out, it was a good find. I hope the owner makes it and I think if he came to Southern Cali he would be a hit!One more thing, when I was reading some reviews about this place being expensive I wanted to laugh, it's very reasonably priced, good quality beer comes at a price :)
5	This brewery is so fun!  Firstly, they have small samples of their beer for tasting.  Secondly, they have some great Yelp/foursquare check-ins for a free beer or a discount on purchase.  Thirdly, they have darts and foosball to play while you drink your delicious free beer.  And fourthly, they go on tours throughout the brewery to check it out!  Sadly I couldn't go on the tour for time's sake, but I loved this brewery and am a huge fan now of their IPA and their watermelon beer.  What a great way to get indoors from the heat and enjoy all that Phoenix has to offer.
5	Love this brewery's Watermelon Ale. I walked away with a 6-pack for $9.50. It's $5 to taste four beers. During my visit they had the regular four beers on tap and two experimental ones. The staff is friendly and you feel right at home when you walk through the doors.
4	This place is pretty neat. The brews are decent, the staff is amazing, and the vibe is low-key. I always have a pretty decent time here and I love the watermelon ale. I wish they stayed open later (they close at 7 most nights apart from special events). Also, it is always HOT inside. Maybe upgrade the AC unit? They don't do food here and that's a shame. However, the staff frequently arrange for a delicious food truck to hang out in the parking lot which helps quite a bit.
5	Here is a little ale-house gem in old Phoenix that it worth spending some time in.  The place is so refreshing, clean, and relaxing.  They have 6 beers on tap, and sell beer and kegs to-go.  The beer is great, the logo is is timeless, and the packaging is classic.  Love this place already!
4	Very excited to try this place out.  I tried the sampler of all 4 beers and really enjoyed them all; however, the watermelon ale was my favorite.  Great service, cool, relaxed atmosphere and delicious beer = a winner!
5	The owner was super helful and nice! I really liked their summer beer that was on tap at the time. I was visiting from the Midwest and I found some good beer at Phoenix Ale Brewery!
5	Great unassuming business well worth seeking out.  The proprietor used to run the famous Pyramid Brewery, and he's put that fruity beer expertise to good use with his yummy watermelon wheat!I'd go here again, absolutely!
5	Small little tap room near the airport and found a pretty unique beer here watermelon ale is awesome! Staff is very friendly and gave me some tips on hot local resturants and breweries. Another plus about this place is you can see the actual brewerry and watch them brew beer in front of you.
5	I have been stopping in at Phx Ale since it opened it doors.  I stop in about once or twice a month.  The place is small, little tasting room connected to the brewery/warehouse.  They have continued to make the tasting room better - added an actual bar top, put in a few TVS; but it is a very low key place.  Management really supports the local community, so they have local artwork displayed around the tasting room.  It fills the plain walls, but I could see this as being a little overwhelming or tacky.  You come here to try their beer, there is no food but there are food trucks that will park in the parking lot on certain days.  The beers seem to be getting better as the brewery expands their line-up.  I believe they are up to seven beers, they originally had three.  The Ironwood Imperial Porter is legit!  Even if you are not one to drink darker beers, its worth a try.  This is my favorite as the beers are more English style and I prefer hoppy beers and the Phx Ale Camelback IPA doesn't really do it for me.  It is good, just not what I look for in an IPA.  Another plus is that you will order your beers from the owners (usually).  They are very friendly, knowledgeable and laid back. I highly recommend Phoenix Ale Brewery, don't have high expectations in regards to aesthetics, but it is all about experiencing the beer.
5	NYPD Pizza hosted an Ale Unveil event here, and glad they did.. We got a tour of the brewery and seeing where they came up from and where they are headed to is a great story.. The owners and brewers are very hospitable and knowledged in their craft.. I will deffo be returning, and will have to try the Watermelon Ale at least once, out of curiosity..
4	What a fantastic place.  The bartender/owner was enthusiastic about his product, knowledgeable, and served above average beer and pretzels.  It is the sort of place you should take out-of-town guests to get a taste of Phoenix beer, and the sort of place you stop into before or after going to the airport.I wish their beer were available in more locations.
5	Excellent craft beer, great people, easy prices. NO pretenses here, laid back atmosphere, no frills- just great beer.
3	This local brewery has an interesting variety of beers ranging from light ales to high strength ales.  Great way to discover the range and variety is with a flight, where $5 will get you four 4oz. pours.   Being an avid beer drinker,  I sampled all of them!1.  Watermelon Ale (light with fruit aroma but not a fruity beer) One of my favorites, would pair well with any summer bites.2.  Fretzy's Unfiltered Ale (an English style India pale ale that is hoppy but has a nice distinct bitterness) 3.  Camelback Ipa (another English style pale ale but with fuller body and twice the hop bitterness.) Not my bag, but if you like hops this is for you.4.  Hoppy Valley Ale (with lighter hop characteristics) but still not my bag.5.  Fretzy's American Hefeweizen.  Perfect.6.  Arizuma Higher Strength Ale (rich malty and full bodied with aromas of espresso and dark chocolate) You could drink this with a fudge brownie.7.  Wheat Stalk Orange Hue Ale (tastes like a hefe with wheat malts and hints of coconut flavor)  This was my second favorite and I took a 22oz. bottle of this home with me.You can purchase pints for $5 here, take home six packs, 22 ounce bottles, or even the larger growlers for a mere $15.The only food offerings here are pretzels so you can bring your own grub.  I spied many people with KFC or Burger King at their tables.
5	Damn fine beer. Watermelon Ale was my favorite by far, but the IPA was a smooth second.
4	little brewery. nice people.watermelon ale was excellent.do 2 of the 4per tasters to get all their offerings.owner was bar tender. very knowledgeable, ask questions.hops and barley on counter.think of it as an adventure in beer.recommended
4	My boyfriend and I visited this brewery during a quick visit to Phoenix, and it was a great decision! We had a Groupon, and got a sampler. I really enjoyed the Watermelon Wheat, so I got a pint of it, and the lovely bartender even put two chunks of watermelon fruit in the beer! Yum!I suggest getting the two tasters, each beer was different and very enjoyable.  We also got the Spicy Turkey Panini with Jalapenos...it was a great compliment to the beer! The bartenders were very friendly and we shared JUST the right amount of conversation with them. Truly a great experience! I'd love to go back on another visit.
4	When on vacation in Phoenix, after a good long hike, the next thing on the list is (or should be) beer!After lunch on Monday, my cousin asked Siri if there were breweries nearby, and she directed us here. We ordered two flights so we could try all eight of their draft beers and it was loads of fun (and convenient as my cousin likes hoppier beers and I do not). The beer was delicious and the environment is laid-back. Definitely a fun, but low-key, place to hit in Phoenix. A big problem was that our bartender lined up the beers in the wrong order in our first flight (the one he said was watermelon ale was definitely an IPA, of which there were two on that flight)--we thought he just had the four reversed, but after comparing the beer colors with other customers and the descriptions in the menu, we realized that, no, they were all sorts of scrambled. (In the end, I still wouldn't have felt comfortable buying any beer to go because I still wasn't sure which I liked best of those four). The biggest surprise was the watermelon wheat ale--I notoriously hate all watermelon flavored things (but can tolerate actual watermelon a few times a summer) but this ale only had the most subtle of watermelon flavor. It wasn't super fruity or sweet at all.The yummiest, I thought, was the Ironwood Imperial Porter (on the second flight). It has high IBUs for my taste (60), but somehow I really enjoyed it. Perhaps it's offset by the chocolate malt. (Mmmm . . . chocolate).I should have brought a growler home in my checked luggage!
4	Great pretzels and free, good beer and an tasting tasting room.Art Foosball and beer a odd combo but it works. The location here is a bit odd too but it works as it is off the light rail and a block  from a fish and chips store. The one real down side is the hours, which means this place is for day drinkers only. Some of the beers were good some were just avarage.
4	Good beers, nice people, food trucks, and games are available. I like the beers here especially the Fretzy's Unfiltered Ale but I feel unsafe in the surounding area and it is not really near anyplace I'd want to be at. Beers average about 3 stars out of 5, but better than Old World down the street by quite a bit. Maybe slightly lower than SunUp which isn't bad. If you live in downtown it would be a good place to go but if you're a fringe city dweller try closer spots first.
4	Their wheatstalk beer was delicious and amazingly interesting. Would come again if I was ever in the area.
5	Good beer, good atmosphere and great customer service!
5	It is what it is.It's not a bar, or a night club.  It's a big brewery with a tasting room.  And as that, it's perfect.  It's in an industrial warehouse setting, with an interior view overlooking the production equipment.The place is about parking your butt for a while, sampling their brews and getting a chance to try new stuff that is hard to find elsewhere while cooling off and munching some pretzels.      They do offer grilled sandwiches which are remarkably good and an excellent value at $5-6 each.I try to stop in everytime I'm in the area and I think you should too!
5	I don't often write yelp reviews, but when I do....the place either sucked really bad or killed it. This place, killed it. Don't show up here expecting Four Peaks because it isn't. It is a taproom inside of their very industrial/warehouse looking brewery which is part of what makes it cool. After I finished my beer I chatted up the co-founder George which was a very cool experience! He is full of craft brew history!We ended up buying a t-shirt and a hat (We used a Groupon so we figured we would pay it forward a little bit) to add to our Growler that I can't wait to stop by and refill.Great beer, friendly faces and a unique insiders look at a brewery make this place a must visit when in Phoenix.
5	Went there on a Saturday, finally has some time to get away and check this place out.  As others have said, its a brewery.  And a good one at that.  Had their amber, and I think I have discovered my new favorite beer.  Staff is very friendly and very willing to chat and talk about their beer.  They even gave an impromptu brewery tour to one table, and invited everyone there to join in.  A bit out of the way, but worth the trip.  You can buy merchandise, beer, growlers and even kegs directly from them.  Now I have to wait for my current beer in my kegorator to be drank up, so I can get a 6 barrel of amber from them.
5	Very good craft beer and good prices as well.  Add a helpful and friendly staff and how can you go wrong?
5	My boyfriend and I came here on a Groupon deal and we were so happy we did! The beer was fantastic and the atmosphere was comfortable and laid-back. It's a taproom, so if you're looking for the dinner and beer combo then this isn't the place. Now, if you're looking for a good beer, maybe some pretzels, and great people to talk to (including the co-founder George!) then this is definitely the place you want to be. Can't wait to go again.
5	Fantastic beer, and fantastic people! You gotta try their Watermelon Wheat Ale. It's quite unique. We always bring home a growler whenever we make it downtown.
5	One of the best places/breweries in PHX. They let some of us home brewers have a "brew out" with the Brewpunks. Fretzy knew what was up! Top notch.
1	Absolutely dislike all the beers here. They are all extremely hoppy and bitter. I like dark beers and beers with flavor, not just strong hops. Worst brewery beer I have ever had.
4	Amazing staff and amazing beer! We had never been here before but a Groupon deal came up and we decided to snag one. Best idea we ever had. We got a flight of eight beers, a pint of our favorite and a growler to come home with. On top of that they gave you pretzels to munch on (definitely needed when sampling everything)! The place was packed but the workers and owners were attentive and helpful when describing the beers. Definitely check it out if you are in the area and like good beer. They have some food but we didn't eat so I can't report on that...yet!
4	I do not like beer! But being the fantastic girlfriend I am, off I went to a beer tasting! Great little tasting room. We had a groupon so we got 2 flights of four beer each. They bring you a list that tells you all about each of the beers you are tasting. My favorite was the watermelon one. I really really did not like the IPA's! They have great little paninis for $5 that come with chips and a pickle. They give you pretzels for the tasting as well. I do wish they were open later, I think this would be a great spot for a Friday night activity, maybe one or two weekend nights. While I really don't know anything about beer, I know this is a fun experience and it helps support a local buisness! The prices are really reasonable for what you get and it is worth a try for the beer lovers out there!
3	Pretty cool spot but well out of the way for what it is.  If you work or live in the area you should stop by and grab one their pretty decent beers (the Wheatshock was great).  The sampler trays are the best bet!
4	Great brewpub.  Old time factory layout with ample space for all.  Beer, food and service all good.  Highly recommend the bacon cheese burger.
4	I'll admit, we went here because of their Groupon deal and it was an amazing deal! Me and my girlfriend got their flight and enjoyed every beer. My favorites were the Hoppy Valley IPA, Fretzys Unfiltered and the must try Watermelon Ale. Their foodbis limited to pretty much appetizers so this is better for hanging out with drinks, so definitely get the flight!
4	Post med school interview. Perfect. All the beer was wonderful and the service was great.
4	Got the Groupon to try this place, coming from Oregon I've had my share of microbrews!  Out of the 8 beers, the one we liked best was the Watermelon Ale and the Keeper is a close second.  Ordered the Spicy Panini, it was good but had lots of jalapenos.  Staff was friendly and attentive!  Pretzels!!! Would definately come back.
4	Met some friends here on a Friday night and wasn't quite sure what to expect when I first arrived.  Upon entering there were a few tables and chairs in the tap room with a bar to the side. Giant windows in the wall allow you to peruse a portion of the brewery.  I have toured many breweries in the past and I'm always fascinated by the fermenters, distillers, etc. so it was fun to be able to see them.  That night there was a live band playing in the store room.  I was very impressed with the quality of the band playing and the massive pallets that stored a plethora of kegs.  Of course the bar only serves their beer but who would want anything else with such yummy flavors as keeper, watermelon, and their seasonal brew. If you can't decide try a flight you get to sample more.   They do have a small menu of various paninis although I did not try any.  At the end of the night I would say that I found the place charming and fun. I would love to go back and do the brewery tour.
5	Great beers, great people. I work a couple blocks from here, so I make it down for lunch and happy hour fairly often. George is great- he'll take care of you. And if you're looking for some unique local art, they have a number of pieces both in the taproom and out in the brewery.
3	I came here with my hop-head Hubby in search of some good IPAs and a fun afternoon out. It was fun to try a new local brewery but unfortunately we didn't enjoy many of the beers, and there werent any super hoppy, non-malty IPAs. So we threw back our flight and free pint and were on our way. Even though we weren't huge fans of the beer, I'm still glad we went and checked it out. If You haven't been yet, I'd say hold off until you find a Groupon or an Amazon Local deal. And plan your visit - this place is off the beaten track, in a commercial warehouse south of the 202.
3	Stopped in after my husband bought a groupon. We were a little thrown by the hours - noon to 7 PM, and closed on Sundays. We ended up going late Saturday afternoon and had a couple flights, pints, and left with a growler.I wasn't a big fan of the beer, to be honest. The watermelon wheat ale and Fretzsky's unfiltered ale were probably my favorites, although I'm not sure I would go out of my way to buy them in the future. I did think the service was good, and the paninis they had on the menu were reasonably priced, sufficient, and went pretty well with the beer.I can definitely see other people enjoying this place, and I do recommend stopping in at least once to give the beer a try and see if it's your thing.
5	Loved this place! Limited menu, but tasty. Surely a beer here you will like...if not love! Used an Amazon Local offer NOT a Groupon!
4	I've enjoyed their beers here and there in the past, but never was aware of the actual taproom until a recent Groupon deal lured me in with a fantastic flights+pints+growler offer.....and I'm happy to have found it.The actual place is in a bit of an unusual light industrial area north of the airport, but the property is well maintained and the immediate surrounding area didn't make me nervous to park in, haha. The taproom is really nice with a modern/industrial decor that features local art on the walls and a decent table seating area as well as the bar. The windowed view into the brewery is an obvious bonus for a beer enthusiast, and I believe they offer tours as well. Interesting trivia: Sonoran Brewing Company beers are brewed there, as well.George (owner) was tending bar and a great, personable guy to talk beer with. Being an IPA fan, I assure you that you haven't appreciated Camelback until you have it on tap from the source (the six packs at my local BevMo are usually months-expired, as is typical with that store, but I digress....) I even bought a few extra swag items to offset what seemed like an almost unfair deal, lol. Coming from Queen Creek, it's a bit too far for regular visits, but I've already bought another 'deal' on Amazon local and plan a return trip soon....which I'm sure will be supplemented with a few extra *fresh* six-packs.
5	I LOVE FRETZY'S Pale Ale.  Its got an English Flavour character not found in many local brews here is AZ.  Smooth, easy drinkin', and well worth the trip!
4	Good beers; food menu leaves something to be desired
4	This is a great local brewery in Phoenix, AZ. Some of their beers are easy to find in bars throughout the state, but for the others you have to go to the tap room. Plus, beers always taste better from the source! We really enjoyed this trip. The staff were super nice and helpful and they give you free pretzels with your drinks. Try a flight to get a good taste of all their different beers.
3	Love the beer, but the service not so much. Two women talking Spanish in the back the entire time. Took 10-15 minutes to get the tab. But I like the environment and beer and would will come back.
4	Phoenix Ale has some good beers.  I haven't eaten there, but the food looks pretty good, as well.  It's close to the light rail, so it might be a good place to stop off before or after a diamondbacks game.They will also fill a growler for you, if you want to take some home.
4	I went there before going back to my country. The owners were around and when they knew it was my first time there, they were kind to offer samplers of any of the other beers that I wanted to try. Great work!
5	Hubby and I go to this brewery occasionally when we are in the area. We both love it. The beer is good, we have very different tastes and there's something for each of us here. We have never tried the food as we usually stop in for a quick pint.I think our favorite part are the people behind the counter serving. The lovely lady Margarita is always friendly and George is great to chat with as well.We will continue to go back.
4	I bought an extraordinary deal for this place through Amazon Local. My husband loves beer; it's not my thing at all. He loved this place. It was very relaxing to sit by a window and watch the work on the assembly line. After the two beer flights, it was time for the two pints that came with the offer. I deferred, saying I was the designated driver, and I greatly appreciated that the server brought me a cold bottle of water.My husband especially like the growler and the growler coozie. He's already talking about opportunities to return to the brewery to get the growler refilled with Keeper.
4	Went in around 12:30 on a Friday to Taproom.  Nice, cool, clean...  Had the place to ourselves.  Ordered two (light & dark) flats.  Liked the pretzels with which they were served - sweet. Spicy panini was good. Chips were good.  Service was good.  Music was fine.  Nice convo. with owner.  Got busy after a bit...kind of slammed.  Favorite beer was IPA Camelback.  Didn't love that Watermelon on which many others comment.  We'd be back to purchase growlers.  I wish their website was updated and had menu.
4	This is a nice little "no frills" kind of place that I never would've found had I not bought a Phoenix New Times promotion deal for tickets to the ballet and a free beer tasting flight beforehand. It's a taproom, not a restaurant, so they have different hours and a small menu of paninis only. I had the spicy Panini and it was actually really tasty, stacked with jalapenos, so keep that in mind. The staff and who I assume may have been the owner were very friendly and helpful while my friends and I each picked out our own 4 kinds of beer to try. The prices are reasonable too. Especially if you're looking to purchase and refill a growler. It's a little off the beaten path of where other downtown Phoenix bars and restaurants are, but f you want to taste some locally brewed beers, I recommend this place.
5	I think this is my new Phoenix fav. The beer is good and the staff is awesome. The brewing room works for my family and/or group. It's great!
4	This was a great experience.  With a group of people and did a tour through the brewery.  I like how they have cocktail tables in the brewery so you can enjoy the brewing environment.  I really enjoyed all their beers but the IPA was the best.  Good place to stop in for a craft beer.
5	One if the best craft tap houses on Phoenix.... The owner is awesome and really makes you feel welcomed... Beer is great ... Camelback IPA is first on the menu today
5	Nice little brewery. The beer is actually pretty good. If you find yourself with nothin to do and have a couple hours before a flight it's a good stop.
4	Lovely place to have a peaceful, well made beer. The Wheatstalk Imperial Hefeweizen was exceptional.
5	Great production brewery near 30th St. and Washington. Owners and crew are truly amazing and make you feel at home every time. All of their beers are very well-balanced - so you won't find huge ridiculously hoppy beers here - and they are all unfiltered so you get the true flavor of the beer, not just the hops. My favorite is the Ironwood imperial porter, truly a phenomenal beer that has a great flavor.Their food selection is very limited: just some paninis that they will grill for you on request, but they do the trick, and at $6 a pop (including tax!) they are a great bang for the buck.They will let you park your bike inside too - a very nice plus!The beer is so good I'm there at least 3 times a week!
5	I just got off the phone with the co-owner of the brewery, Layrd.  I can't tell you how impressed I was/am with their White Chocolate Ale!  I tried it at the Los Angeles County Fair this past weekend!  Yum!Thank you for a great brew and your friendliness on the phone!  I can't wait until your product is available at my local stores.
5	LOVE the watermelon ale! My boyfriend and I come here for a chill hangout to play some cards, darts or fooseball. The service is great and you can sample all of their's and Sonoran's all in one place. The only serve paninis but will give you free snacks and bottled water. On Sunday's you can get a growler refill and a pint for $10, that's a steal! I'd recommend to anyone just interested in grabbing some good brews and hangin' out.
4	Great place to try out all the brews made by Phoenix and Sonora.  I recommend the flight  and just ask your bartender or waitress for suggestions. They are very knowledgeable about beer. Pick George's brain for beer information - he's a walking encyclopedia of beer. (For younger patrons, an encyclopedia is like Google, but on paper).  The tasting room is just that - clean and welcoming.  We had the Phoestivus last night, which is a slightly sweet ale with cinnamon.  Very Christmasy.
5	I loved this place. Nice little hole in the wall with a great tap list and affordable growlers. $15 for a filled growler of Sonoran White Chocolate? Gimme that! Plus, the growler are cute here, too.  The guy behind the bar was helpful and generous with the samples, as well as welcoming and well-versed in the finer points of what they had on tap.
5	I have been drinking and re-selling some of the fine crafted beers from PAB for a few months now, so a visit to the PAB Tap room was in order. I think we tried almost everything and I thought all were great! We also ran into Vic from Oscar Blues, who had just joined the crew  at Phoenix Ale Brewery. He was already up to speed and helped guide us through our tastings and give us a very intimate tour of the working brewery. My favorite part of my visit was the awesome hospitality from Margarita, she took great care of us from start to finish and made my visit memorable for sure. My growler jugs are empty so a return visit is already planned. Jim
