5	Holy Crap. These people are the most wonderful human beings of the week. I literally do not have anything bad to say about the magnificent body-workers of Triad Chiropractic. These people are saving my comfort, one vertebrae at a time.I came in here today for my first visit to aid in the repair of my neck which was traumatized in my accident. I have never been a fan of Chiropractors, its always seemed like just a quick fix with no long term results, in my experience anyhow, but Triad is not just Chiropractic care, they are so much more. I went in, was given the undivided attention of Dr. Baca, who is an angel sent from above, for about an hour, where we went over everything from my family history to the events of my accident. From there he examined me and gave his prognosis, and then the treatments began. They do everything from Spinal adjustments to x-rays to Prolotherapy to Physical Therapy to ultrasounds. Its pretty much the one stop shop for auto injuries because not only do they do everything in their power to help you and make you feel better, but they also serve as a liaison between you and the insurance company you are dealing with. Its amazing. They even recommended me to the perfect accident injury lawyer and discussed with me all the possibilities with my case.Its rare that I rave about anything to do with doctors.. I usually hate them all, but not here. I am actually wicked excited for my upcoming visits and finally feeling some relief. Seriously, even if you were not in an accident.. go here. Whether its for Headaches, Carpal Tunnel, Tendinitis, Sciatica, Chronic neck/back pain, etc.. they will fix you!
5	Going to Triad Pain Management Clinic for post automobile accident physical therapy has not only been working out the back pain that started after being rear-ended but has also relaxed and educated me on what I can do to help my body's healing process.  Even when they're uncomfortable, I enjoy the stretches, massage, exercises and conversation of each visit.  I try to pay attention because they clue me into unhealthy body habits that I have, several of which are simple to correct.  I even try to do the home tasks they assign me.  I've often thought that most people could benefit with a general evaluation of their posture and muscle movements... could make you feel better asap or even prevent future problems you don't know you're working into.  I feel comfortable going to these guys... which is nice because I the auto accident happened when I was 6 months pregnant!  They do all their work without making me feel nervous for my baby and they even put up with my pouty sleepy pregnancy days. haha    The 2 doctors I've worked with are Kerchansky  and Voisin.  They are both great at what they do and I like them both for different reasons.  I've also had massages with both of the massage therapists and though I wish the massages were longer (haha), they are relaxing and get my body ready for the stretching and exercises that follow.  In general, their office works efficiently (no waiting room waits) and has doctors with many different areas of expertise.  For example, Kerchansky has focused his career in active care, working with many sports athletes, and Viosin is certified to perform manipulation under anesthesia (MUA).  They have Spanish-speaking staff, as well.  Here's their website:  http://www.azpain.com/index.htmlSee ya there!
1	Much of their services do not provide any real relief to back pain.  The services involved a heat treatment with tens machine and then stretching by Dr. Baca.  All of these things can be done at home and you save a copay.  He will try to get you on other services not needed to get more money into the practice.  He is one of very few that offer MUI services but most insurance providers do not cover so proceed with caution as they will tell you its 100% covered. The back office people are very non responsive, atrocious,  in calling back when questions are asked for insurance coverage.  What they will tell you is that it is covered only to find out from your health care provider that Triad never called.  Bottomline, don't waste your time/money on a service that does nothing when there are many more experienced chiroprators out there.
1	Stay away!It seems like there is an over emphasis on motor vehicle accidents (more lucrative billing?). That and poor office management!  After a long relationship with this place the billing department finished me off.  They sent a bill for services allegedly rendered well over a year in the past with no explanation.  When I called to ask about why I was getting a bill in 2012 for service in 2010 there was no explanation.  Several times I asked for an explanation and/or for John Baca to give me a call and explain and I'd be happy to pay the bill.  I've know Baca since 1998.  No They sent me to collections for $24.00I asked John Baca face to face -- he told me that could send a bill for service 10 years ago if they wanted to, and presumably they'd send that to collections too.  So if you're going to Triad Chiropractic be prepared to prove that you've paid a bill going back forever -- cause if they keep poor records, discover an error, you're going to collections -- or you're going to pay inexplicable bills....Be warned!!!!!
1	DO NOT GO!At my first and only visit, I was so turned off that I left in the middle of treatment. First I had to wait over 20 minutes to be seen after be asked to come in early in which I left work early to do so. That was a first red flag. Then Dr. Baca came in and went right into a treatment plan that consisted of MUI treatment that my insurance did not cover. He went on and on without ever taking the time to really ask good questions or introduce himself. I actually stopped him and asked what his name was. All I could hear was a well practiced sales pitch and a lot of $ required of me. After this talk, I went on to receive some heat treatment that came with no explanation of why I needed it and I was never asked if I wanted it. As I was laying there thinking how "off putting and expensive" this experience has been thus far, I actually looked up their reviews online (Yes, should have done that before) and found that my feelings were confirmed by past patients experiences. I actually took the little straps off of me and left. Just recently, I started therapy at a new practice that required Dr. Baca to sign off on a referral form. You would think this would be easy. It actually took me 5 days, 10 phone calls to get to talk to anyone that was competent enough to do this all to be disappointed that the referral was never faxed over to my new Dr. I actually went to Dr. Baca's office and sat there until they wrote the referral. very sketchy and unprofessional office.
