5	AMAZING! im obsessed.... we have gone the past two days because it is just so magical. Love snow cones and their ice is soo finely shaved. an immense amount of flavors to choose from and also smoothies, coffee, ice cream.  Bonus though, you can order 60 snowballs for 12 bucks! How cool is that? they put them in a cooler and you are good to go for a snowball fight! We are having one tonight i will have to let you know how it goes. This place is definitely worth experiencing especially in this AZ weather
5	I am addicted to The Buck. It is the only thing that I crave in the summer. The price is fantastic and the flavor choices are vast. Teenagers appear to run this location, but don't let that stop you. They are usually friendly and are always super fast.
5	Yummy. Although my roommate and I were in search of frozen yogurt, and even found this place under the FROZEN YOGURT category, we were super happy that we GPS'ed ourselves to Bahama Buck's! Delicious. Super friendly staff! The gals were very sweet and helpful in guiding us through creating our ridiculous shaved ice concoctions. We will definitely be going here again!!!
4	Hot Arizona weather and Hawaiian Ice so happy together! This place is great they make soft fluffy ice and their flavors are authentic. These are not snow cones they are much better, they even make smoothies, they will add ice cream  at the bottom and for an extra charge  you can top it off with condensed milk making a great creamsicle like concoction. Treat yourself to Bahama Buck's whenever you are close by and you won't regret it.
2	The shaved ice is just a vehicle for artificially-flavored sugar. It's not very good.
5	If you like sweets then this is a place to try, shaved ice is so much better than the traditional snow cone. Bahama Bucks gives you dozens of flavors to choose from, everything from wedding cake to super sours. I've tried them all!!
5	The smoothies are fantastic and the cashiers are very helpful and friendly.  I suggest the Pina Colada with added strawberry (a favorite suggested by one of the girls the first time I went).  Anytime I want a smoothie, I know where to go.
5	I'm a sucker for Shaved Ice...it's just so much more refreshing than frozen yogurt or ice cream.  Bahama Buck's is probably a little pricey considering that it is just ice and syrup, but I happily pay because it's so good!  There are probably fifty different flavors, but I'm a creature of habit, so I rotate through maybe only two or three flavors.  My fave is Mango with cream (you have to get the cream).  Remember to bring cash, because they no longer take debit or credit cards.
3	I USE to love this place But it's cash only now...so inconvenient that if I want Bahama bucks I drive further to go to one that accepts credit/debit....
3	How had I not been here before.  My friend kept telling me about it, but it was always just that far out of the way that we never ventured over there...  Thankfully that all changed the other day. I have to say my sno-cone thingy was tasty and amazing, I had cherry and mango... I'd give them 5 stars just for the tasty treat but the service was more than horrible. We walked in and not even so much as a hi from the employees, what I did get from them was a dirty look that quite frankly made me almost want to tell the kid working that he needs to smile and be polite... darn whiper-snappers. Other than that we throughly enjoyed our snack, just wish they had more professional and friendly employees... I smile goes a long way
4	Seriously, this 'sno-cone' is a cut above the rest. I could almost guarantee you've never had one like this. I highly recommend the strawberry colada w/ tropical creme, of course! It's cheap and you get a heaping amount of sugary sweet goodness in a styrofoam cup, sure to cool you down during the hot AZ summers. I'm not sure about the other locations but this one stopped accepting debit/credit cards. I get that small businesses can take a hit with bank fees but really...no one carries cash anymore and I'm not going to write a check to get my dessert. If you do have cash on you, swing by the drive-thru and dive in. You won't regret it.
1	I love the Bahama Bucks product and have been a Bahama Bucks customer for years and years. We always went to the location on Mill Ave and 3rd St when I was growing up, and it has always been a favorite for me. Lately though I have been going to the Warner and Rural location and the service is horrendous. One Wednesday I went with my wife, our 2 nephews, 2 nieces, and their mother (my sister). The same blonde girl that has given us bad service in the past was working, along with a brunette. We didn't interact much with the brunette, but the blonde was attitudinal as usual. EVERYTHING seems to be a chore for her. Any sort of request from a customer is a HUGE inconvenience, maybe because it distracts her from the important task of gossiping with her coworker and twittering about how she hates customers. This girl makes absolutely no attempt to disguise her total lack of interest in helping customers. Even a request from my 7 year old nephew for some extra napkins was met with a short, attitude filled response. Then the same girl went and turned off the "Open" sign and informed us -with attitude of course -that they were closing, obviously implying that she wanted us to leave. It was only 9:50, and they are supposed to close at 10. I understand that it can be hard to get top notch workers for a job like this, but with these girls they are really scraping the bottom of the barrel. In-n-Out manages to employ workers that at least feign a sense of interest in their job, and so do many of the yogurt places in the area. My wife and I have avoided Bahama Bucks a few times because of not wanting to deal with the self-centered, under-interested, acne faced, attitude filled, teeny boppers that they currently employ. We look forward to the day that these girls graduate high school and move on to their life long careers of cutting hair at Super-Cuts and spawning illegitimate, undisciplined children who will receive just as little of their attention as a Bahama Bucks customer. Sorry to be so straight forward but please either give these girls some Valium, or hire someone with an interest in LIFE.I give the product 4 stars, but the staff only 1 star.
5	I can't believe a place like this exists!  So cool!  I got a Fuzzy Navel shaved ice with Tropic creme. SO good! This shaved ice is indeed different.  It was so smooth!  My friends got the Orange Cruiser and Wavebender.  We all loved our treats! CASH ONLY tho - it's how they keep the prices low! :D
5	I was a little worried about a "Sun Devil" when they told me it had cinnamon in it but WOW...it was amazing. I wish they had more of them around the country.
5	The shaved ice at Bahama Bucks reminds us of vacationing in Hawai'i! Lots of flavoring options, and a cheap date!  Haven't tried the smoothies yet, but we heard they're great!
4	Love the shaved ice! Only thing I don't like is that it is cash only
4	Delicious I must say.  Much more refreshing than ice cream on a hot summer day.  People complain about it being cash only.  Not a big deal. Love the variety and I am surprised that there are not more around the Valley. Enjoy this cool treat!
5	On a hot summer day, Bahama Bucks is the perfect remedy.Tons of flavors, beachy atmosphere and rather good customer services.  I'll take this over ice cream or any other summer time non-alcoholic beverage.  Plenty of them around town so get out there and check it out!
4	Yummm!  I don't know if they're putting caffeine or heroin in these icy treats, but I am completely addicted!  Yes, theyre a little pricey considering it's just ice and syrup but it's delicious none the less.  Others have mentioned that the staff is rude but in my experience they weren't exactly charismatic but I wouldn't say rude. Maybe abrupt is the right word?  However,  every time I've gone the line of customers practicality went out the door, so they probably don't have time to show any personality.  There's an older gentleman who works there who is extremely friendly and welcoming. .owner perhaps? When you go,  make sure you ask for a punch card tho because the staff never offers. I probably bought 20+ ices before I noticed a small sign on the counter offering the card. BTW, their fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade is phenomenal!  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they don't accept credit/debit cards.  But especially during these brutal AZ summer months,  I highly recommend a visit or 2..or 3..
3	Love this on a hot day.
1	Would have tried it if they didn't only accept cash as payment.
4	Perfect for a hot, summer Arizona night!
4	I have no idea how I missed this place.  Bahama bucks is a slurpee junkies paradise.Apparently they've been in the valley for years, and I either thought they were a tanning salon causing my brain to ignore it, or I've blocked out the portion of my childhood where I visited one.... hopefully though if your reading this it means I'm not the only one who didn't get the memo?On the surface its your average snow-cone/icee joint ala Water N Ice.   Dig in though and you'll find a hundred flavors you never considered drinking (dill pickle, creme brule, strawberry cheese cake, etc..) and an array of machines that employ magic to turn giant blocks of ice into little cups of snow that are somehow icy and soft at the same time.You can combine any flavors you like and "add cream" to anything.  It makes your standard icee more like Halo Halo... only without the candied beans... or the yams... or.... well just try it on a rootbeer or orange flavored ice - it will blow your mind.The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is that its a bit slow.  Folks there seem to be trying hard, but visit the one on Power Rd and its half the wait and all the awesome.
5	I love this place.  So refreshing, like eating snow.
4	Went here twice in two days, so I guess that makes me a fan...... Despite the super long lines on both days, it sailed by fairly quick.  The shaved Ice was really good and the staff were friendly.
5	Bahama Bucks, I love the way you cool me off in the middle of Arizona's crazy summer!  Just the right amount of sweet for a treat.
4	CASH ONLY!  How is it that I always forget that this place is cash only?  That aside, this place is great and my kids love getting bahamarama mammas.  My advice - avoid sugar-free syrups, they do something to the ice to make it harder and the ice doesn't seem to soak up the flavor as well.  I always regret it.  If you avoid sugar-free, the ice is super soft and sometimes you might even forget that it's shaved ice you're enjoying.  Wish there was a Bahama Buck's in Chandler down by me!
2	Kids love it. Long wait at times though very frustrating.  Adding a machine may help.
1	I am completely disappointed in this establishment today. 30 minutes in the drive thru line. Then the kid was an ass when we asked what was taking so long, he said we are understaffed and busy! As we finally get to the window we wait 15 more minutes for 2 iced birthday cakes and a small watermelon! And look through the window as the staff are all just standing around looking at one another. I usually love this place but man it's summer in Az you think you would be staffed for these hot days!!!
3	Okay so my wife freakin LOVES this place. She'd probably shave one of my eyebrows off while I'm sleeping if she knew I was giving this place 3 stars. Now don't get me wrong, it's not a bad thing by any means! With three stars being a base I simply don't have anything to add or remove stars for. It's a great, quality, tasty snow like frozen treat with many flavors to choose from. They're often very busy and the wait and be long, not their fault it's just popular with the school kids. I always get enjoyment out of my treat (I usually get Watermelon with cream), it's just not something I would go out of my way for. They do have lots of options and a friendly staff though. Side note, I would avoid using the drive through. I was at the window for 23 minutes just for two regular drink orders. Not sure if that was an isolated incident or not but I would never use the drive thru again. Everything else was A-okay!
5	First, they take credit/debit cards again, so no worries about forgetting cash again. Second, it's the best shaved ice you're going to get anywhere in town, hands down. Yes, you might have to wait a while, especially on a busy night, but that should be the indicator that it is really that good. Top it all off with a drive-thru for when you're feeling lazy, plus a punch card reward system and it can't be beat.
4	Hadn't been here since college (sadly weeeel over a decade ago).  Still as friendly and delicious as ever.  The one complaint is that the two pinball machines are broken and that I feel old when I come in.  Okay, that is two complaints and neither is about the dessert so it shouldn't affect most people.  Sometimes you just want colored sweet snow.  You can mix and match a gazillion flavors complete with sugar free options.  You can top things off with a little cream too for that extra indulgence.  Not as perfect at Hawaiian shave ice where you can get ice cream, red beans and ling hing mui powder, but for a light dessert after a heavy or super spicy meal, it's awesome.
4	Have driven past the place for years, always thought it was a coffee shop or something, LOL. A friend who told me and recommended it highly, he was absolutely right. The store is really clean and nice looking, the people working there are great, and of course the ice dessert is FANTASTIC. Every time I am in Tempe I stop and try a different flavor, they have a LONG list to choose from.  Truthfully the only suggestion would be adding signage that tells people what it is they actually sell.  I have since recommended it friends and every one of them has thanked me,  They do not accept credit cards and have a minimum on debit cards, however I can understand that, that service is not free to the owner. I think the store, the product and the people all are a "job well done".Best dessert in az /arizona
5	My rating might be a little biased... after all, Bahama Buck's was my first job, so it has a special little place in my heart. But my rating is still right on track because BBs is seriously awesomesauce! Where else can you get a super soft snow (don't even try to compare to a snow cone!)? You can also get a Bahama Rama Mama, where they put ice cream at the bottom on the snow and top it with whipping cream. It's seriously delicious. Thankfully, I've been able to pass my love of BBs onto my nieces and get to frequent often!
5	This place is open late and their shaved ice is amazing! The staff is always friendly. They have samples so that you can try flavors beforehand. The shaved ice is very soft and fluffy; I come here even during the winter! Cash only unless your order is over $5 (they don't take Discover). I go here because of their awesome hours (open late) and cool atmosphere to hang out with friends.
1	I used to frequent this place A LOT in middle school (or was it high school) well, I'm pushing 30 now and boy has this place gone down since then. I've stopped by a few times in the past years, but I'd have to say, this last visit will be my last visit. I stood in line for almost 45 minutes, granted it was busy, but holy moly! When I ordered my drinks, I made sure the girls understood it was a ToGo order so I didn't want a mound of ice on top to spill everywhere. She said she understood, but lo and behold, when I got my order, two big heaps of ice on our cups. Cool, easy fix, I scraped them off into a trash can, and off we went. Now, I understand, I used to come here all the time when it first opened, when they actually started out in AZ mills, but I remember when the cream was throughout the entire dessert. Nope, not anymore! Since I had to scrape off the tops, we were left with no cream! Boo! That's half the reason why this place rocks! But whatever, it's cool, kept eating, when I got a quarter down my drink I was disappointed to find dry, no liquid drenched goodness! Wtf?! By this point I'm pretty upset, not gonna lie. I dumped mine out to prove to my husband it just didn't seep to the bottom. I was right. Bastards! And then! To top it all off, I ordered the bahama mama Rama for my son, so it was supposed to be a treat to have the ice cream on the bottom, yup, non of that either. What the hell dude?! Way disappointed in one of my all time favorite places :(
5	Tons of flavors to choose from! You could get something different everytime for awhile keeping the place new. Friendly staff at this location. The I've is smooth, best shaved "sno" you can get. Isn't chunky at all, no big cubes of ice
1	Every time we go here it gets worse and worse. Dirty, rude employees, and less and less flavor. All three of ours were white snow at the bottom. Worst location! Clean it up and treat people well!
2	Not sure what is so special about overpriced snow cones. I'd rather have yogurt or gelato. Service was slow, and the place isn't clean. Trash outside was overflowing and there were flies everywhere!  We won't be going back.
2	Terrible customer service. My wife just got her wisdom teeth and wanted a cold treat to help her feel better. It was A Saturday night so we decided on Bahama bucks since we love it and go to the Mesa one so frequently. We hurried there because it was before 11. Got there five minutes early and hurried to the door as we walked up the manager was shutting off the light I thought well that's odd there are still five minutes till close. So we went in and asked are you closed there's still a couple minutes till 11 (I normally wouldn't do this but it woulda helped my wife out.) He said Yes we are and I said we still have a couple minutes can't you just make us one shaved ice real quick? He argued with me and looked at his watch and said I have 11. All I know is there is probably a reason this kid is managing a Bahama bucks cause his customer service was terrible.
3	CASH only place.. love the shaved ice just not the customer service! It totally sucks! i feel like I'm talking to a bunch of teenagers who are rude and play around all shift. I also think that if you are going to charge a lot more for cream then please add the worthy amount of it.
2	While I do love Bahama Bucks, I don't like this location! The hours they say that they will be open, seems 50/50 if they actually are open. Which seems to be a common problem from other yelpers I see. Well it's still a problem as of today: 4/13/2014!
5	Ever since the change in management (it was recent, though I can't remember exactly when)  the place has simply been amazing.  The employees are friendlier, the travel containers are high quality,  driving with four drinks no longer feels like a game of Russian Roulette), and they'll include a little umbrella with the drinks now.  It actually FEELS like a Bahama Bucks and not some run down shaved ice place run by teens.
3	I'm only giving three stars because as usual they jipped me on the sweet cream. :)Anyone who has had the sweet cream added to a choice of their own personal favorite flavors; and there are tons to choose from, knows that adding the sweet cream is the difference between eating hot dogs made of lips, skin, and hooves versus 100% pure horse meat. Too far? Lol. Seriously though, the first time I went here the guy at the counter asked me if I had been there before and if I had the sweet cream. He told me it would change my life and it did. He layered it throughout my blue raspberry and cherry mix and it was fantastic. Now every time I've been back I specifically ask for EXTRA sweet cream. Now I realize acquiring the same job skills as a 5 year old needs to make snow balls is probably time consuming and an arduous journey, but is it possible to take an extra 30 seconds per customer and give them what we are asking and paying for?  I know crying around about something that you can get at a circus or carnival for a $1 seems ridiculous, but considering I paid over $15 for two big cups of sugar water and shaved ice, that it gets out more into the category of asking for simple customer service. Either way, the darn things are like crack so just call me Tyrone Biggums.
4	Great selection on flavors from sweet to sour. The cream is an added bonus! The sugar free flavors don't taste sugar free. This is a great place to find a fun treat!
5	Best desert ever!! In Az & anywhere!! (Yelp won't post cause they say it's too short - but why say 11 words when three wi do. Okay I think that's enuf words now.)
5	Very refreshing on a hot day. Personal fave is coconut/vanilla with some cream on top. Also, the drive thru is extra convenient for the lazy types.
5	I love snow cones and this place makes the best velvety snow comes ever! Not crunchy ice at all...velvet!
4	Poolside + swimming attire + tropical drink from Bahamas Buck (with tiny umbrella) = tropical getaway (enough said )
5	I love this joint.  All the flavors, my wife could even go there because the 'skinny' ice was ok with her diet!  My son loves to race me to see who can clear the top of the cone the fastest!  LOL  Sweet, cool refreshing and family fun!  Not to mention, they always get it right!  Very satisfied customers here.  PS:  Get the black cherry, it's the best!
5	This is my favorite place to treat myself! So many excellent flavors even the sugar free! I highly reccomend this place to everyone! It's not crunchy ice it's literally snow! It melts in your mouth! Also get the cream! It tastes so good on top of everything else! They do accept debit or cash! And it's a perfect place to sit down and enjoy talking to friends!
4	I had read a few reviews about Bahama Bucks on Yelp and I've been wanting to try it for a while ... We finally made it in! After the first few bites of our shaved ice, we definitely felt like we've been missing out!We ordered the small root beer float shaved ice & the regular passion fruit & mango shaved ice, both topped with cream. I'd say that on the normal day, the small is definitely plenty (might have even gone for the baby size) but the regular is great for an extra treat. I personally liked the passion fruit a little bit better than the mango but the combination definitely worked well together. I think for the one I got, I would've skipped the cream. It was good (definitely didn't take away from the passion fruit & mango flavor) but it wasn't so impressive that I want to pay the extra little bit for it again. When I had ordered, the man working who suggest it had said that with the passion fruit & mango, it could go either way & he was right.As far as the service goes, it was constantly busy but there were quite a few people working so we got our order in & got our shaved ice very quickly. We were offered a punch card as well. Minus one star, however, because when we went to the counter when we first walked in, one of the guys working was rude. He looked highly annoyed when I said that I had never been in and wanted suggestions and actually walked away! Another guy who was right next to him quickly stepped up and was helpful in picking out flavors. It's a bit expensive but so delicious! We'll be back!
5	Tonight was my first time trying shaved ice. To be honest, when my sister told me about Bahama Bucks I thought, sounds like an over rated snow cone. To my amazement, this was far from a snow cone. The smooth texture of the ice with the flavor of any fruit your heart desires, was to die for. I'm disappointed there isn't a Bahama Bucks in Los Angeles. I'll definitely be back. And... The customer service was great.
5	This place is like the ultimate guilty pleasure. But ice can't be Thaaaaat bad for you right?Usually super quick drive thru or walk in even when crowded during the summertime.
3	My cousin recommended this place. Its ok.I had half of Cotton Candy and the other was Creme Brulee.
5	First time here and it was AWESOME!!! Very clean and the staff was extremely helpful. The kids loved the selections. The smalls were a little too much, I would recommend the "baby" size for kids.
4	Excellent shaved ice! Had their mango and blue bubblegum.
