3	This is the first grocery store I have ever been to that had a cell phone store and a jewelry store in the front.  Hey, buy some groceries, pick up a G chain, and renew your cell phone plan all in one joint-I can handle that!  It is by far the cheapest grocery store that I have ever been to, and that really isn't saying anything negative about the quality of any of the food.  They have a great selection of Mexican food: cheeses, tortillas, sauces, and such.  They also have grooves for every walk of life; I heard some 90's R&B go into some Ranchera music--pleasing everybody!   I said everything was cheap, but the beer was actually more expensive, so I snatched up a snow-cone from a sweet lady out front.
4	This is my favorite Compare, though it seems older and smellier than the others I have been to. I love their produce, why is it so much cheaper than other mainstream Stores? My Wife is Cuban, so we buy our supplies here, in bigger quantities and for less $$$ than the other Stores. Its definitely not the same as shopping in an American style Store, but if you're looking for Hispanic goods, there is no place better!
4	Excellent ethnic food shopping!!!  Only place in Nc that has Carolina rice !! Seriously!
3	fantastic produce, love the bakery, crazy cheese selection, lots of ethnic items - but your standard dry grocery items are the same, if not more. and even though it's right next to the asian corner, I don't love how it (and the parking lot) is crammed into the corner of the intersection.Their guava cheese pastry is pretty good, but they have really nice fresh breads and assorted fruit filled goodness.  The real reason I went was because I know their mangoes are always ripe (why cant HT get their act together?), but was so surprised by how great everything else looked - tons of greens, tons of roots, multiple avocado types, beautiful fruit... I didn't stare too hard at the cuts of meat, I knew I didn't need any, but I could tell they had some cuts HT doesn't usually display. Of course they have GOYA everything, and I happened down the cheese aisle and was blown away by the amount of cheese I hadn't been able to find elsewhere. Since a huge portion of them are all variances of slightly off white in color it took a minute to find what I was looking for, but when I did they had multiple options for it. Lots of fresh tortillas on the shelves, but there was even a woman selling them out of a cooler she was pushing around in her cart - if that's your thing. I happened to walk down the cereal aisle on my way to the registers and was really surprised how much they were charging for my daily choice. So, I'd check prices on the US brand items - but there's a good chance everything else is a deal. Oh, and if you're hungry there's a taco truck out front (or Le's in the shopping center right behind it).
3	For produce, the store is amazing. The prices are those that can't be beaten, but everything else is so much more expensive. If you like the smell of dirty, soggy dog. Then this is the place for you. The smell can be a bit overwhelming sometimes.
3	Cheap, ripe Avocados. TIGHT aisles. Great produce selection. Inexpensive. Funky.
5	While other have stated the pure value of the foods here as very cheap, I have to give applause to the security team here.  I left the store without taking all my bags.  For simply $1.76 of Ground Cumin, the security guy allowed me to watch his security camera to see what happened.  This was good to see and Im glad they allowed me my produce again and allowed me some candy as well.This is one of those businesss that ask for ID if you pay with credit card
