2	I was really looking forward to some great BBQ, but I definitely wasn't expecting to get dry pulled pork from El Paso.  And when I say dry, I mean dry - like the Salt River, fools.  I had heard such good things about this place.  And to be fair, the rest of the food was really good.It smells of smoked mesquite when you walk in and really does up that wooden western look throughout.  A big lunch group of us were seated near the center of the room next to a rad antique industrial-sized grill. I thought the jalapeno cornbread was the standout item here, which along with the honey butter was a great complement to the kick-your-ass spicy/sweet BBQ sauce.  The steak fries (not too crispy and not too soft) and cowboy baked beans were surprisingly terrific as well. The service was OK, it seemed the server was in a cranky mood for some reason -- but it wasn't horrible.   The pork though, was just really bad - stringy and overcooked.  Perhaps it was an isolated incident - but inexcusable still.  Had I had more time than my already short lunch hour I would have sent it back.  But consider yourself warned.
2	One day while visiting some friends in Glendale we decided to have dinner at El Paso. I'm not a huge fan of BBQ, or meat in general, but not knowing the area we decided it would work. The strip mall and area are a little sketchy, but the restaurant was very nice. Our server and the food ,although not my style, was also good. The only negative part of my experience was the way I saw an employee get treated by a manager. We saw a manager yelling at this waitress more than once near our table for no reason. All of the employees seemed to have a general fear of this woman, and it was very awkward and noticeable. My friends and I have all worked for restaurants and we were appalled. I will not be coming back to El Paso. Mainly because I don't enjoy BBQ, but also because our eating experience was ruined by a manager. How Ironic.
2	Many a year ago - I'm talking like 1998 - this place had delicious food.  However, the few times I've been there in the past, oh, 3 years, the food has been *awful*.  One time I didn't even get to the food because we walked out after waiting about 40 minutes without even having drink orders taken.  They changed their menu and took the delicious chicken dish off and replaced it with a lot more "fancy" type things, that they just don't prepare well.  I'd recommend yelping BBQ and finding a better place to eat!
5	During my trip to Glendale, Arizona, my friend and I decided to have dinner at El Paso. The bbq pork ribs were absolutely delicious. The ribs were very juicy and the sauce was just amazing =P. The plate came with two sides and the cream corn was my favorite! I ordered a strawberry lemonade which came in a fancy big cup. It was a great meal for a decent price, I was impressed!They also offer military discount. I would definitely revisit the next time I'm in Glendale.
2	i've only eaten here a couple times. i got brisket and pulled pork. both times each dish was dry. the portions were small. i didn't like the food much. prices were alright. the atmoshpere is nice and western themed. i know they have a happy hour in the bar with half off appetizers. i would recommend this but not the food. however, other people i know have gone here, and they love the food.
4	I can only speak on what I know to be true. : P If you like baby back ribs then El Paso BBQ is for you! I la la la la LOVE the BB-ribs. The portion is big they are tender juicy and fall off the bone. The cream corn is delish! I am not a fan of cream corn normally, they served it to me by mistake one night I tried it and was hooked! The mashed red potatoes have the skin on too yum. I have noticed a steep decline in the popularity of this location. When I first moved out to Phoenix 1996 they usually had a wait, but now you can get right in and it seems dead. I hope business picks up for them I would hate for this location to close it's up the street from me and I order car side to go.
4	Okay I know you aren't going to believe me but I had a tasty lunch at EL Paso Bar B QUe today..Yes, I know it's kind of a chain ...but I think I might go back. You still don't believe me ,do you? My  co-teacher friend and I went  out for lunch today during our first week back at school , before the kids start. Our school is close to El Paso  and BBQ sounded filling for lunch. We don't get to leave for lunch during the school year so it's kind of a last chance deal.We were greeted by a host who had a nice calm style and quickly seated us. The smell of smoked meats had me the minute we walked in .I  am a sucker for the smell of smoked meat . My previous dining experience  had been terrible here but I was reassured by the great host and the fabulous smell that this might be a better meal than last time.  Waitress was courteous , speedy and didn't mess around trying to be overly friendly which I liked.  She promptly brought us our drinks and corn bread muffins which tasted nice according to my friend. I ordered the Brisket lunch  which came with my choice of two sides. There were many choices but I settles on coleslaw and sweet potatoes fries. The portion of the brisket was way more than enough served with a sweet BBQ sauce. Lots of  good taste. Not earth shaking but solid and worth the money . Coleslaw was the way I like it not to greasy, lightly sweet and crunchy. The sweet potato fries were a nice extra, not highly seasoned but not greasy either. They were a good accompaniment  to the sweetness of the sauce. My friend had the turkey wrap which looked great and was grilled ,interesting... While this is not the best BBQ in the city , the strong points may be the good ,fast lunchtime service I experienced today . The food was tasty and not expensive considering the time it takes to smoke and cook brisket.  Great place to take mom and dad for BBQ or the family after church on Sunday.  Grandma nd Grandpa will love it! Considering its proximity to a Super Target and my work , I can see it being a place totake  the family for dinner when I have a busy day and have to go back to school at night for meetings.Also noted they had a large Patio like room  that would be great for large groups...
3	You know, I like this place. My friend Dave Sheehy sings there. It's comfortable, it's good. The food is pretty consistant and reasonable for what you get, some great drink specials and, did I mention, my friend Dave Sheehy performs there? Just a really great place to hangout, listen to some good music and be.Check out the food and drink specials. El Paso has been really working to provide a good dining experience by changing things up every once in a while.
4	It always seems like when you had something for along time you take it for granted , then it is taken away and you miss it. So it is with El Paso , I haven't always liked El Paso as much as the last two times I was there. The last two times great food and service.Great conversation with the Manager, then bam the doors are closed. Talked to a friend in the know who had done charity events with them and he says that the chain has been hurting and the two AZ locations were the only two left. They say there is a small chance they may reopen but it doesn't look good.  Fair thee well El Paso , I barely knew you.
4	Sadly my fears have come true no more BBQ. :( El Paso went under.
5	Does anyone know where I can buy a case of the Branding Iron BBQ Sauce they used to sell at El Paso BBQ? It was a family favorite & I miss it!
