3	I was intrigued by this new food truck the minute I heard of it. The name is funny and the gimmick is cute. When I saw on Facebook they would be at the public market today, I was really excited and decided to try them out. Yes...I know it is over 100 degrees...but pho is awesome! So the BF and I went to the Phoenix Public Market and the truck was there. I got the pho ga (8$) and the BF got a grilled cheese (lol). I asked them if it was in a container I could carry for a few blocks and they said yes. Then we proceeded to wait for a really long time. Now, I know they are a new truck, but the wait time was pretty long for soup and grilled cheese. When we got the food, the pho was in about a quart sized styrofoam container with no lid and the sammich was on a plate....ok....I suppose I can walk with that. Anyway, by the time I had gotten home, the noodles had soaked up a lot of the broth making it sort of a mushy mess. I think maybe they need to have a different game plan for people taking the food to go like most pho places (e.g. noodles in a container, broth in a separate container). The pho was not flavorful enough and needs more depth....the broth was kind of bland and no amount of jalapeno and basil helped and I expected more than that (especially for 8$ when you can get a much larger bowl of pho at Pallets down the street for the same price or a larger bowl anyplace in Seattle for around 4$). The grilled cheese was good. Anyway, I was sort of disappointed....it seems that this place is more gimmick than substance. Maybe they just need more time to get the kinks out, but I don't think I would go out of my way to eat at this truck again.
5	Tonight I discovered pho king. And you know what? I love pho king! Pho king is like my favorite! My wife likes pho king too!    I could certainly see enjoying pho king with friends, but can also see my self enjoying pho king alone.  Pho king is good for all occasions! I could even see pho king as a nice surprise for a special date. I cannot recommend pho king highly enough.
1	Disappointing! I was so excited to try the food truck as I eat Vietnamese at least once a week and was looking forward to having it as a lunch option close to work. the price seemed rather expensive when compared to my favorite Vietnamese joints but thought I would still give it a try and convinced myself I was paying for the convenience. I ordered a chicken pho and coworker had the beef pho and shared spring rolls. I never managed to find the chicken in my pho and the coworker came up with a tiny morsel of beef. They didn't give siracha even though we asked for it. The broth was so bland that we opted to add about a half bottle of Tabasco we had handy in the desk drawer desperate for some flavor. The spring rolls were equally disappointing. If you like bean sprouts wrapped in rice paper and peanut sauce that tastes like melted skippy then maybe you'll disagree with this review.
2	I was disappointed with their beef pho. There were only about 5 small pieces of beef and no herbs. I appreciate a variety of herbs to steep in my pho. At $8.75, it was overpriced, and the quantity was small. Wouldn't try this one again.
2	So, I was just there this afternoon for lunch and was excited to try their food. I wanted to try the crepe but wasn't available today so I ordered Pho'ket (stir fried chicken & veggie over rice) and a piece of spring roll. Spring roll was pretty good but nothing close to what I'm used to eating at real Vietnamese restaurants. Stir fry was just ok. Nothing special. It was little bit on the salty side and the rice was undercooked and bit hard. Will I try again? Probably not.
5	Went to a Yoga event downtown last night and only caught the tail end. The truck was just getting ready to close when we drove up but the guys working it were nice enough to stay open so we could try their food! Very friendly and the pho we ordered was awesome. I didn't get the stir fry but saw someone else order it and it looked really good so, I'll have to try that next time. Will definitely catch them on Wednesdays at Phoenix Public Open Air Market and any other time I see them downtown. It was pho-king great
5	Pho king phenomenal! The Pho King was catering a private event I attended, inside they had prepared appetizers for the party and were making fresh pho and stir fry for guests on the truck. My favorite item was the bahn mi sandwich, which is a toasted French roll with spicy chicken and pickled vegetables with a sweet seasoning sauce. It was a wonderful adaptation of a traditional bahn mi sandwich and flavor was incredible! My friend got the beef pho, it looked amazing and I can't wait to find them and try that too!
5	The Great Pho King. If their name alone doesn't make your stomach dance with the joy and excitement of needing a Pho King fix, then you may have a serious problem. These days it can be tough to find unique food that is delicious and mouth-watering, but The Great Pho King's combination of Vietnamese and French food does just that. The best part about this place is that it doesn't matter where in the east valley you are, because they are portable and make stops all over. If you're used to boring foods and want something that will awaken your taste buds, 'Like' this place on Facebook and follow them to their next food stop. You won't be disappointed!! I pho king love The Great Pho King, and you will too!
2	Went to this food truck on a Wednesday night where some trucks make a stop in downtown.  Being a SoCal boy, Asian, and loves Asian food, I really want to love this place.  However, it just gave me reasons not to.The service was great, as the lady was welcoming with a smile.  On the other hand, I came here for the food, and it did not live up to expectations.  For example, we had the vegetable stir fry.  I am not sure if they were going the healthy route, but to be frank, it was bland.  Of course it was fresh from the pan so it was steaming in my to go box, although every bite was exactly the same.  It had crunch, I tasted the veggies, but that was about it.  No salty flavor from the soy sauce or any spices to add to the mix.  My wife and I were very disappointed.  Although it could have gone up when we tried the Banh Mi...And...another disappointment.  The reason I love Banh Mis are the French baguette crunch, as you bite through the sandwhich it may be a little rough, but the spice and Asian flavors should mix in so well.  I, on the other hand, had a sandwhich which bread was soggy from the juices of the meat/veggies.  From my experience, this should be a somewhat dry sandwhich that relies on the spices and flavor from the meat/veggies to compliment the crispy baguette.  No crispy baguette, and definitely a wet Banh Mi, which I was not looking forward to.  I understand some Banh Mis may be different, but this is definitely not what I am used to from San Diego and LA.I really want to like this place, as we need more great Asian places in Phoenix, but it definitely did not live up to what I expected.  I hope to try the Pho out one day, but I have definitely experienced better.
2	Other than the veggies, the banh mi is nothing like a real banh mi.  Even if you throw out all the normal ingredients, the most important part of a banh mi is the special bread which is made with rice flour and is light and crispy.  You can buy these by the garbage bag around town, not sure why they're using floppy french bread.  :(
2	Probably the worse pho I've ever had. Great idea for a food truck though. I might give them another try.
3	I saw this randomly on yelp, and on the same day they showed up at the parking lot at my place of work in Scottsdale.  Its ate a lot of pho in my lifetime, I would have to say its a food truck and that's it.  Its not a restaurant level, but for a food truck its different from the run of the mill food truck.
5	Banh mi alone gets five! We stopped by the food truck caravan and could smell the beautiful smell of pho wafting from the pho king, so we tried it out. Super good and definitely worth a try. Banh mi is bloody hard to find. Good banh mi is like tummy christmas! What it lacks in authenticity, it makes up for in tastiness. For sure woild do it again.
2	I was really looking forward to eating at this food truck, but after eating their stir fry, I would have to agree with the other reviewers -its not that great.  Portion was a good size but it was pretty bland and needed more sauce.  Unfortunately, won't be visiting this food truck again.
2	Ok, so I've never had pho before this, so I don't have a benchmark. What I do know was the pho was really bland, so the second time I tried the Asian Invasion cheesesteak... $9 for a sandwich with nothing else, made on a cheap store-bought roll that tasted nothing like french bread. When my sister saw I wasn't all that enthusiastic about my sandwich, she offered to let me try her banh mi. It was super salty and on the same roll, with veggies that I thought were supposed to be pickled but lacked any bite.Put enough sriracha on anything and it's edible, but for these prices, I want better.
2	Went to the pho king food truck finally today and was not impressed.  My coworkers and I have been wanting to try the truck for awhile.  Ordered the beef pho,  asked the guy to split it (wanted to order a couple different things) and he wouldn't.  The order was up quick, thought it was kinda pricey at $9 compared to some of the other places around.  The bowl was small, only 4 pieces of meat, more bean sprouts than noodles, and pretty bland.  I put 2 ounces of blending hoisen sauce and siracha and was still bland.  All in all I wouldn't recommend if you have been wanting to try this food truck like I have.
