4	Mio was a delight.  The flavors were unique and rich, but the food was refreshing and not too heavy.  The wine list is extensive and sommelier is available at the drop of a hat to advise you about each and every possible combination of wine and food Mio offers.The decor is dim and soothing.  It was quiet and peaceful when we arrived, but got louder as the later reservations arrived--although it was never too loud.My one complaint would be that there is an extremely limited number of options for vegetarians.  In fact, there is nothing on the entree menu.  However, when we asked we discovered that there is an off-menu vegetarian plate that proved to be quite delicious according to my boyfriend.  I enjoyed an amazing mesculan salad, delicious monkfish (which I've never tried before) and finished off with a petit lemon tart--yum!
4	I went there last night with a few friends.  We had all heard great things and were not disappointed at all.  We arrived at the bar about 30 min. prior to reservation and had a couple glasses of wine from their extensive selection.  The wine prices are pretty reasonable considering some of the other "wine bars" in town.  I'd say the price is 2x to 3x cost.  I order a bottle of Cakebread Chardonnay at Sonoma Grille this weekend and the price was 5x cost.  So, with respect to the competition I guess 2x isn't bad.  The bartender was professional and I've seen her at other places.  Her name is Holly and she is attentive and welcoming.  One small issue was that the floor by the bar was sticky which was kind of weird.  The overall atmosphere is warm and inviting.  We were sat at a fine table with perfect lighting.  Our waiter was great.  I also noticed another great waiter, Raj, who used to work at Nine on Nine and Eleven.  It seems to me that the Chef/Owner took special care in his staff hiring.  The Maitre'D is also helpful and experienced.  Okay..., the food.  We started with  a nice selection of warm bread which was on par, but nothing special.  We then ordered steak tartare, belgian endive salad, and mushroom ravioli as appetizers.  The steak tartare was delicious.  It was served with a quail egg and perfectly toasted ciabatta.  The belgian endive was okay, but not memorable.  It should have had more walnuts and cheese and less endive.  The ravioli was rich and delicious served with oxtail which I thought was interesting.  The entrees' were awesome.  I had the beef short ribs which they are known for and it without a doubt the best I've ever had and one of the "richest" dishes I've ever had.  Another friend had the lamb which was perfect and another dish sampled was the roasted chicken.  Thomas Keller has said his favorite meal on earch is roasted chicken and I can see why after sampling Mio's.  The portions were perfect.  One of my pet peeves is huge portions and this place does not fall into the trap.  The prices are more than most, but the ingredients are stellar.  There was no room for dessert.  We finished the evening at the bar with a few more drinks and spoke with Matt who is the chef/owner.  He told us all about stories of Mario Batali and the like in NYC where he was sous chef at Veritas.  We are lucky to have a chef this talented in Pittsburgh.  Mio is my favorite NEW restaurant and deserves your visit.  They are also going to start serving lunch in April.  So, you'll be able to sample the same quality without the same pricetag as dinner.
2	Preface: I live in the Bay Area now, and I don't know many Pittsburgh restaurants beyond Primanti Bros.  Further, I booked a dinner at this "Kitchen and Wine Bar" before I knew that my companions were not in a wine mood.  Anyways...The good news is the service and ambiance were excellent.  All of the servers were friendly and attentive, and the decor was modern yet soothing.  They knew where I could park without feeding a meter and without getting a ticket -- try getting that info on the Embarcadero!Unfortunately, I was disappointed in the food.  The salmon tartare was very fishy - mostly the salmon "caviar."  The saffron rice (sidenote: are you afraid to call it risotto because you're in Aspinwall?   (a) don't be; and (b) then call it very creamy round grained rice, apparently cooked in broth) was so salty that I actually asked myself if I had done something to offend the chef.  He couldn't have meant for it to be this salty, unless he recognizes me from 7th grade study hall or something (and if so, put away the salt shaker and come out of the kitchen --  I haven't forgotten either!)  The short ribs were soft but not as soft as they should be.Final note: they offered me a free dessert, which was a nice enough touch that I might actually go back, in the hopes that I just caught the chef on an off night.  Hmmm.  Maybe I do forgive and forget.
5	Mio just took the spot of our favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  The food was excellent and interesting.  It's comfortable but upscale, with clean, modern styling and a friendly, knowledgeable waitstaff.  The wine selection is extensive, albeit pricey.The salmon tartare, recommended highly by our waitress, was a stand-out, though subtle.  The braised pork belly was decadent, but not for the oliophobic, with a thick layer of fat accompanying the fork-tender meat.  Our waitress advised trying the steak tartare, which makes a re-appearance in the fall;  we're looking forward to it.  The entree (halibut) was quite good, though next time we'll try the short ribs.  The dessert was a concoction of fruit with caramel ice cream and chunks of caramel corn that were surprisingly complimentary without being too sweet.  Our waitress recommended a sauvignon blanc to accompany the meal that, while not at all what we were expecting, was an excellent accompaniment to the meal (and a tasty glass of wine on its own!).The only minor off-note during our visit was a surprising delay past the time of our reservation in getting seated;  the staff comped the glass of wine we shared while waiting as an apology.Overall, we're sold - Mio is in the top tier of Pittsburgh restaurants, and  is a welcome addition to a category that is too small.  Entrees are in the $30 range, but it's hard to escape without a glass or two of wine;  guests should expect to pay upwards of $50, but the price is right for the quality.
2	Drinks overpriced.  Crowd was somewhat geriatric, except for us, of course!  We didn't have dinner, so can't comment on that.  Will probably go back to give it one more try.
4	CLOSED.Unfortunately...
