4	Probably my favorite of the breakout of "fresh-mex" type places.   This place is very similar in layout to a Baja Fresh, except they haven't sold their soul to Wendy's like Baja Fresh did.  The quality of food here is really good.   I especially enjoy the carne asade tacos with a little salsa verde on it.   Thinking about it makes me want to go get some right now, except that it's about 930, and they're likely closed.  I never get the guac, but I've been told it's very fresh and very good.
4	This rating is on a scale of fast food restaurants and on that scale, Rubio's is pretty much top notch.  The fish tacos are delicious and the sauces are all tasty, especially the verde salsa...yummy.  There are not too many "healthy" options that are that tasty, but it definitely beats the fattiness of Baja Fresh any day.  If we are in a hurry and in an area with Rubio's, it is my pick.  It would be so much better if Texas was invaded by Rubio's instead of Taco Del Mar.
3	Decent, gringoized Mexican fare served in a clean establishment. Perfectly edible, but for my money, I prefer to go to a real Mexican joint, of which there are many around here. This is the place to take your midwestern parents who think they like Mexican food but really don't have a clue. Last time I tried the place they had discontinued the non-fried fish tacos, which had IMO been the best food in the place.  Too bad.
5	Oh, Rubio's! How I love thee! You must put crack in your fish tacos because I think I am addicted. I have no need to try anything else at your fine establishment because the sun rises and sets upon your glorious fishy goodness. Have I had better fish tacos? Almost certainly yes. But there is some indefinable feature of your tacos that draws me back again and again. I feel almost embarrassed by how much I care for you, Rubio's fish taco. But I don't care. I wish the whole world to know how great you are. You had me at first bite. So long for now Rubio's fish taco, but I will be there soon to enjoy your company once more.
4	Ya know, I just love this place.It ain't fancy, but the food is always solid, and the people that work there are very friendly.  I appreciate someone that has a smile on their face at work!Last night, my 'seester' and I decided to go there.  They don't have Rubio's in Prescott, so she almost always wants to go when she's here.Right now they have several langostino lobster items.  Run, don't walk, to your nearest Rubios and try them.  Oh.  My.  Gawd....  My sis and I both got the surf and turf taco platter.  The lobster taco has incredible -- garlicy lobster chunks, shredded cabbage, onion, and cilantro.  It was truly wow-worthy.  The steak taco was pretty damn good too.  It was kind of cool -- they bake the cheese onto the corn tortilla -- so it gets sort of chewy.  It was AWESOME.  It also has bacon bits (life just isn't worth living without bacon), and this chipotle crema on it.  Woo-freakin-hoo!During our meal the manager came over to our table to check on us.  She wanted to see what we thought of the lobster.  It was just nice that she wanted to know we were happy with our food.  How refreshing!
5	When I moved to Dallas in 05, one of the first things I looked for upon my arrival was a Rubio's. Imagine my shock and total dismay to find out that the Big R had not migrated out here to the Big D yet...... So on a visit back to see the fam last week, I made multiple stops at Rubio's and stocked up on the magnificent fish tacos and the shrimp burritos. One of my friends asked me (on the third visit) if I had gotten sick of Rubio's yet....I looked at him like he was from another planet. Sick of Rubio's? Could he really be serious????  Besides the great food, reasonable prices and friendly staff, this fast food joint sells Corona beers...what more could one ask for?
3	Was driving around after doing some Christmas 'browsing' and really didn't know what I wanted to eat. Wanted to try someplace new.....saw Rubio's and ended up trying it. Small and clean restaurant. Ordered from their menu board placed over the register area. Decided on the Carnitas Rajas burrito. Since I was the only one there at the time the food came out extremely fast. All the ingredients of the burrito did indeed seem fresh....but as a whole the dish didn't do much for me. There was a chimichurri sauce in the burrito that kind of overpowered everything else. I think I would have liked it better without the sauce. I did try the roasted chipotle salsa from the salsa bar and found that very, very good. Nice dark and rich salsa with a chocolaty after taste.It doesn't taste anything like it looks. When was the last time you thought....."Hmm....I'm in the mood for some food that's colored black." So I may try it again sometime in the future and get the carnitas burrito without the chimichurri sauce.....but with the roasted chipotle salsa instead. That sounds a lot better. I'm giving this 3 stars because it was right in the middle of the road for me. Nothing great, nothing awful. I will probably try it out again but order something different than what I had tonight.
1	Gross!  Their tortilla soup tasted like vomit.  After two spoons full I proceeded to throw up in the bathroom!  NEVER EATING THERE AGAIN!
5	I finally realized I was addicted to the shrimp burritos when I dreamed about eating one.......if loving a burrito is wrong, I don't wanna be right.PS - If the Big D does not open a Rubios soon, I may have to consider relocating.
5	I just had a fantastic bean and cheese burrito.  The tortilla was so fresh and tasty.  The beans were creamy and well spiced.  There was the perfect amount of cheese.  The meal was fast was well priced and the staff was friendly.  The atmosphere was pleasant and clean.  Great place!!!
4	Ya know, just when I thought I couldn't fit one more restaurant into my casual Mexican food rotation, Rubio's comes along with its damn delicious tacos and its friendly employees and its integration of Coke Zero in its fountain drink machine and the next thing you know I'm up to FOUR very viable options for my (frequent) inexpensive taco/burrito cravings.Chipotle obviously has the burrito game on lock. I just won't order one anywhere else, it won't measure up.  El Pollo Loco's grilled chicken is phenomenal, as are their salsas, and Sonora Mesquite Grill has the most amazing Carne Asada I've ever had the pleasure of putting in my mouth, so I'm covered there also. Now, you may be thinking to yourself "This girl really has it figured it. What void in her life could Rubio's possible fill that she has to add it to an already stellar line up of very well thought out and eloquently presented Mexican casual dining options?"  To that I say: Fish Tacos.I'm not saying that Rubio's has the best Fish Tacos in the world. I may be an expert on a lot of things, but sadly Fish Tacos isn't one of them. But Rubios' are good, and their tomatillo salsa is tasty and, as previously mentioned, they carry Coke Zero which is just so ridiculously head and shoulders above Diet Coke I'm surprised its market hasn't been completely cannibalized by now. I guess some people just enjoy barely-carbonated cola beverages that have the aftertaste of battery acid. But I digress.I'm going to let you guys in on a little secret: Chicken Balsamic and Roasted Veggie Salad.  Grilled chicken (not El Pollo Loco quality, but it's fair), avocado, and roasted veggies over lettuce with a tangy balsamic dressing. A good portion as long as you're not famished, and really quite tasty. Here's the secret: 310 Calories. For the whole thing, none of that "without dressing, avocado, chicken, or anything that tastes good" bull (I'm looking at you Subway).  I like to dip the chicken in tomatillo salsa, which might add like 5 calories to the deal, but I'm okay with it because I'm still saving about 400 calories which can now be put towards a more noble purpose: Booze! So, Rubio's, take a seat in the line up. If for the sake of the booze and the booze alone, you've earned it.
5	I'm here way too often, more than I'd like to admit.My boyfriend and I love the food. We love the staff.It's not always easy taking our picky a** orders. And, they always get them right with a smile.Not too long ago we were by the location on Ray Rd.We decided not to go just because we love this location far too much to "cheat".We're always at comfort here and leave with a satisfied tummy.
4	J and I are fans of the Fish Tacos here.  And we usually only go on Tuesday when they're $1.50 a piece. Dinner for the 2 of us for under $9.00, not too shabby!!!  J is a fan of the hot carrots they have at the salsa bar. It usually never fails when I go, I'm scavenging for the last few slices from the two containers. So I casually mentioned, "You know, you guys should have a separate container just for carrots!" The lady informed me that they do not make their hot carrots (I was under the impression they did), but that they come from a can that has both the chilis and carrots. She then said, "Let me go open a new can and get you some." Sweet!!! Well, more like HOT!! :) Arcadia Rubio's, you're a-okay in my book!  Especially on Taco Tuesdays! :)
5	I love Rubios! I have only had a few things here, but I have recently been getting the Grilled Veggie Burrito and it has been salivatingly delicious each time, so I have praise it. If you want something meatless, yet savory, this burrito hits the spot. You also gotta love the salsa bar.
5	This is the best Rubio's in town.  The employees and management are so friendly and accommodating.   I am on the Hcg diet and they work with me to make things I can eat.  Every time I am in Old Town for an appointment I make sure it is around lunch time so I can go to this Rubio's.   The place is very clean and they seem to be very happy working here.  Shout out to Steven, he is really nice to all customers.
5	I am a big fan of fish tacos, some people cringe at the thought, but that's because they have never had a fish taco from here. Rubio's by far has the best fish taco, it is absolutely delicious. After 2:30 pm on Tuesday is "Taco Tuesday" and fish taco's are $1.50/ea.
4	Usually I am a fried chicken kind of guy, but today, I had a taste for something different, so I decided to try Rubio's. The food was great, but the prices were a little high. I will certainly go back, just not every day, given these prices.
5	Perfect shrimp tacos. Great flavors. Very inexpensive. Nice break from baja fresh and chipotle. Flavors are more authentic mexican. We went back twice we liked it so much.
4	I never eat here. I ate at Rubio's once many years ago and hadn't been back because I thought it was ho-hum. I had some Free Taco cards and I'm glad they took them, they were a little old. No expiration on the cards, no catches, just FREE TACO.    I ordered 4 tacos. They have a new Ono Taco which is mango habanero! I tried a free half taco in line from the gal. I liked it so much I ordered two! The flavor was huge, but the size a bit small for the retail price. I ate one Ono Taco in a few bites. Rubios has definitely ramped it up since I was in last. For those who don't know, when in Hawaii, "ono" is the word for scrumptious when describing food. Ono char siu pork was the order of the day when I was a kid visiting my friend there. I also ordered two fish especial tacos. Delicious with the avocado. The winning accents came from the salsa bar! The two dark salsas were COMPLETE FLAVOR WIN. Smokey chile sauces will always win me over, so glad they had those and not some boring jar-like salsa. I was hoping for some pico salsa, but they didn't have any there. Anyway with four tacos I left full. Maybe you're thinking "You SHOULD be full after four, you pig!" Yeah. Indulge yourself when possible and practical, I say!Retail price for all 4 including tax was over $15! Ouchies! Flavor explosion, but pricey. That's OK, I don't expect that for cheap, but if I were to make a $10 choice I might choose Chipotle or Qdoba ($8 for a full-on deluxe burrito) or Pei Wei. Glad this was a free lunch. I would say go to Rubios if you have a coupon, don't pay full-on retail. Looks like a previous reviewer says there's a Tuesday deal? Here it is:After 2:30 pm on Tuesday is "Taco Tuesday" and fish tacos are $1.50 each.
4	We go here often for an after-church lunch. There are several families who go, and some of the kids don't like the food here, but Rubio's is kind enough to let us bring in food from other restaurants. This is a huge point in their favor.The food is quite good, really. I love the fish tacos, and the chipotle salsa is fabulous! The service is efficient. I love the decor-lots of blues and greens, but it is a chain, so it's not really artsy or surprising.All in all, a nice place for a good meal!
5	I love this Rubio's! The staff here is really nice and remembers you if you're here often enough. The food is always fresh. Taco Tuesdays ($1.50 for a fish taco) is amazing! The salsa is fresh, the food is great, and the staff seems like they actually care if you're having a good experience. I've been to local restaurants and gotten fish tacos that weren't as good as the ones at Rubio's. Plus they have beer. Go and get some!
1	Extremely disappointed.  I have frequented this Rubio's for years.  On my last visit there ever, I  watched every second of the near Halloween horror:  my carry out order was brought to another table, to an elderly couple who were obviously dining in.  When the front counter guy asked if they were carrying out, they said they didn't care.  I watched them open the carry out boxes.  I watched them take the boxes to the salsa counter.  I watched them take a bite from the boxes.  I watched them shut the boxes when the counter guy realized that he brought them the wrong order when their order was finally ready and called out at the front counter.  I WATCHED IN HORROR AS HE RAN OVER TO THEIR TABLE AND TOLD THEM THAT THEY RECEIVED THE WRONG ORDER, AND HE CLOSED  THEIR BOXES AND BROUGHT THEM TO MY TABLE AND HANDED THEM TO ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I was.....horrified.  I was in shock.  I said:  um, I'm not taking that if they put stuff on it, and I know they put stuff on it and took a bite.   The counter guy opened up the box and said, I don't see any stuff on it.  it is fine.He closed the box and handed it back to me.   Another customer walked passed me and I glanced at him in horror, hoping to get some kind of compassion and sympathy.  He stared back at me with no emotion. I turned to the counter guy and said, I really don't want to take the boxes if they put stuff on it.  He says, I don't see that they put anything on it.  It's fine.  And he laughed.  It doesn't matter to me if he laughed at me or thought it was funny, but it was NOT funny. I walk out of the store DAZED and IN SHOCK with the two boxes.   Never in my life, even in the dirtiest grossest restaurant have I blatantly experienced anything like this. When I got home, I opend the box to microwave the hell out of the plates thinking I would give it to my dogs;  and there was a foot long hair EMBEDDED across both tacos which I slowly pulled out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!  I can not even make this S*IT UP!!!!!!! I will never, ever go back there ever again.  Good luck suckers.  I hope you take your Cipro. You get what you pay for.   Never ever again.   The only plus was that it was free taco weekend, and the counter guy gave me a free taco, which I threw away after gagging pulling out the embedded hair.   For years, the service was friendly and excellent.  What happened?  :( I'm on my way to Baja Loco.
4	When I used to work in downtown Phoenix, I would sometimes make the drive out to 44th and Indian School just to get me some fish tacos. The staff is pretty friendly here, it's a large space with a great patio, and clean! While I have a wealth of Mexican to choose from in AZ, I really do love Rubios, chain or not. I've been going to them all over the Valley since they first started opening. Solid menu, cheap, and satisfying. Love their salsa bar. $1.50 fish tacos, burros under $5, mmmmmm.
3	The food is good, the service is okay. It's good if you want some cheap food that isn't terrible, but in the area I think there is definitley some better mexican good. I don't like the chicken they use, so I try to avoid anything with that on their menu!
3	Fish Tacos go against everything mi abuelita from East L.A. would have stood for. "Who puts fish in a taco, mi hijo?" she would have said. But sometimes I'm just jonesin' for some I can't help but jump in my car to pick some up (with flour tortillas)They're just so tasty. Other times I'm in the mood for a carne asada quesadilla. The steak is a little dry but it goes well with the sour cream guacamole and pico de gallo that it's served with. I love me some of their roasted chipotle sauce too.The service here is always friendly and efficient. The parking in the strip mall they're at can be hit or miss but it's worth it.
4	This is a great place to grab a quick meal or pick up dinner or your way home.  It's fast, not too expensive, and the good tastes good.
2	I came here for the fish tacos... but likely won't be back. I prefer mine lightly battered and these were pretty heavily breaded and fried. The first two bites didn't even have fish in them, just breading. They do have different varieties, so maybe some of the other kinds are better?
3	Far from authentic but fish taco Tuesdays is money well spent. Especially since their only $1.25. I usually get about 4 fish taco's on flour tortilla's with extra onions. I pour on their delicious hot salsa from the 4 option salsa bar and go to town. I have tasted their specialty shrimp burrito's and if it wasn't for the price, I would order it more often. For now, my wallet thanks me.
4	Went for the first time not long ago, which is crazy because I'm obsessed with fish tacos. One of my good friends always talks them up but I just never got around to going. Grilled fish taco was great as was the orange shrimp salad. Quick for take out, reasonably priced, good service. I liked the little salsa bar too always a plus. I'll be going back!
5	I'm a huge fan and love this place, every time I come in I'm alway greeted by my name with a smile from everyone. Especially Lorena. She knows my order by heart and and is always super friendly. The food is always fresh and delicious. It's no wonder I come so often;) thank you Lorena for always making my experience great!
4	Happy National Guacamole Day!I'm a huge guac fan, so being that today really is National Guac Day, I knew I had to "get me some." Despite a crazy work schedule and very limited time, I made it happen with a quick visit to Rubio's!Sure, they are a chain, but I do love their fast casual style, friendly employees, salsa bar, and best of all, great selection and quality food considering the prices.  I got myself a salad with shrimp, a large guac and chips to share with the fam, and a kids meal for my son... Not only was the food delicious, but the kids meal is a great deal.  For under $5, the meal includes your choice of entree (chicken quesadilla was my choice today), your choice of side (from applesauce, chips, beans or rice), a churro, and a small drink.  Everything was a hit at my house, and I won't hesitate to return to Rubio's sooner than later when I'm in the mood for a quick fix of Mexican!
2	Service here is always friendly, and it's a pleasant place that offers a lot of fish for the buck. Go for fish over lobster or shrimp, as you get more food for the buck, and it tastes good going down. Plus, salsa bar! They've added dessert, and the coconut-lime bars are really good. Not so good is the sangria, which has a strange cardboard background taste.Why two stars? Well, it doesn't taste so good coming back up. Five hours later, it all did, and the problem lasted for 24 hours. That matches food poisoning with that meal as the source. It's too bad, as I enjoyed the meal while it was happening, but this is a risk I wouldn't take again.
4	It's been a while since i've been to a Rubio's mainly because the closest one to me is 187miles away! So I went to this location and the girl who served me was Lorena. She greeted me as I walked in and was ready to serve me in 30secs. I had trouble ordering because what I wanted wasn't on the board. (Mesquite Shrimp tacos) I mentioned that I didn't see it and she told me it was no longer on the menu but she could still make it for me! She charged me accordingly and i had exactly what i came for in a matter of 5 minutes! Thanks to the friendly staff and quick service!
5	Alright ,so I have been here a time or two. Maybe about 20 times to be exact.Every time I have ever been here, I have never been dissapointed.This place is great!The food is great, the service is good and fast.The place is spotlessly clean. They seem to always be busy.They are busy I am sure because,everyone feels the way that I do.This place is great!I really like all the different salas they offer and you can have as much as you like!Thank you Rubios for always being delish! As well as always being fresh and having really great tasting fish tacos.
5	Tonight we were hungry and wanted to try something newRubios interior is really cute and reminded me of Taco CabanaThe cashier really made our entire experience greatShe helped us with menu options and she was very talkativeShe made it fun and very helpful at the same timeShe is a great employeeI wish I had gotten her name but she is a young ladyWe really enjoyed the food that we got and I was very surprisedI also really liked the chili/salsa bar I love chiliI will return to Rubio's
5	Visiting Phoenix from the East Coast, I wanted to savor some authentic West Coast fish tacos.  When I asked where I could find the best, I was pointed to Rubio's. Wow!  I knew with my first bite that I had found heaven!  I had the Original and my hubby had the Especial.  Both were very yummy!  If you're looking for great fish tacos, look no further than Rubio's. The service was great, the restaurant was clean, parking was easily accessible, and the prices were very reasonable. Can't ask for anything more!
3	So bf and I went here we been to rubbish before but this one there chips we too overcooked and so salty!  3 stars cause the burrito was good and filled me up
4	Never have had bad service or a meal at Rubio's. I always like the tacos (any kind) or a bean and cheese burrito. One of my quick places to stop in for to grab a bite. Never can go wrong.
5	I was super hot from spending the past 4 hours on Camelback Mountain and I just wanted something light and fresh.  Rubio's delivered with the amazing Mango Habanero Mahi Mahi taco.  I just had one and it was filling enough post hike and just super fresh with the right amount of sweet from the mango and kick from the habanero.  My boyfriend enjoyed his, but says he will get the mango habanero next time - it was that good.
5	I've been coming here for over a year in half now and every time I come Lorena knows my order by heart and is always super friendly. I love it when they greet me and always get my order right. (Picky order) lol I plan to keep coming here because of their great service and yummy fresh food.
4	You just can't go wrong with the original fish taco. We also had a shrimp taco which was absolutely delicious. They seemed a little short staffed but soon after we were served a man came in to pick up 3 large carryout totes; must have been why we waited a little longer than normal. Will definitely be back.
4	This place never fails when it comes to their signature fish tacos, always on point and always delcious!
4	Very tasty and fresh seafood meals.  A lot of choices to choose from too.  Serve alcohol as well.  Good combinations of food.
