5	I grabbed lunch from Pita Pit on the way home from class today, seeing that it had recently opened. I was genuinely impressed! They had a large selection of interesting sounding pita fillings. Lots of vegetarian options, as well as many preparations of chicken, gyros, etc. What impressed me the most was the ample selection of vegetable toppings. Artichoke hearts, spinach, olives, and other toppings you would expect to pay extra for were included with your pita. The sauce selection was also very accommodating. They offer a quite generous student discount, and the employees were all pleasant. I did not expect it to stand out as much as it did, in terms of quality and taste, but I was surprised. Glad to have you in the neighborhood.Pro-tip: grab a free chips+drink coupon from above the trash cans with the catering menus.
4	It is finally open!  :)I stumbled upon this gem while working in North Dakota and when I saw that one was going to reside by my work I was elated! I am a big fan of the pita!They have lots of vegetarian options for those who aren't meat eaters and for those who are they won't be disappointed by the options available either.What impresses me the most about this place though is their ample selection of vegetable toppings and different types of sauces.This place is definitely worth a visit!
5	Wow! I am impressed! This place has newly opened up on Maryland Pkwy, across from UNLV. 5 stars because this is the BEST place to get a PITA sandwich in Vegas. Well, I don't really know of any other places, but whatever... They are good at what they do.Their outside, window menu has tons of dietary details for each of their items. Their motto is "Fresh Thinking, Healthy Eating."You order what kind of meat combination you want in your pita (vegetarian options available). Then while they heat that up on a flat top, you tell them everything that you want inside your pita. It's set up pretty much like a subway. For example, I got lettuce, spinach, avocado, mushrooms, cucumbers, banana peppers, feta cheese and I choose the caesar chicken which also included bacon and caesar dressing. Once everything is in your pita pocket, they roll it up so that you can get a bite of everything all at once. It basically looked like a burrito.I got a combo which included my pita sandwich, chips & a drink. The girl asked if I go to UNLV and she gave me a rebel discount. She did not even ask for my Rebelcard ID. It came out to $8.46.My pita sandwich was SOOOOO GOOD!!!! I think the part that shocked me the most was how juicy my chicken was. Usually, grilled chicken has a bad habit of being dry, but not here.Only complaint was that I couldn't even tell I had any bacon in there. In fact, I forgot until I got to a bite which was pretty much all bacon.The staff was very friendly and the inside of the restaurant was very clean. I look forward to going back and trying more combinations of pita sandwiches! I think this place will be very successful, especially for those who are health conscious. Vegetarians will love this new option.
3	Good food. They were a tad slow considering we were the only 2 people there. Cool concept. Kinda like subway for pita sandwiches.
2	It was OK. I got a Tuna Pita combo and it was 9.38. Kinda steep. Your choice of Chips or Cookies. The cookies are otis spunkmeyer as I saw them taking them out of the little oven. The tuna was not mixed so so you can control how much mayo, it appeared they only had shredded cheese, no slices. They had a lot of veggies but their shredded lettuce was like white, no color at all. I had spinach which was appreciated.  It is also SUPER loud in there, so we took are food and use Cafe Rio's chairs which we saw some others doing. I can't say I will be back as the value at Jason's Deli and Caprioitti's is better..
5	My new favorite place to eat off-campus. Pita pit satisfies all my criteria for eating on a work day: quick, affordable, and delicious. I like that I can get meat and salad rolled into one pita, for five to seven dollars, which saves me time and money.So far, I've had the "meat the day" breakfast pita which comes with Italian sausage, bacon, and eggs. It's hearty, tasty, and you can get it whenever. You can then get lettuce, spinach, mushrooms, and onions - in other words, a breakfast salad rolled into something better than a tortilla. This whole process takes less than five minutes and I've never had to wait in line too long so far.I had their local pita, chicken chipotle, which was delicious. The other nice thing is there's no extra charge for guacamole, and with sour cream, this thing was out of control. They do have an excellent selection of sauces, so you can find anything that fits your fancy. I've been in there everyday this week and if they had fresh juice, I'd have to put in a request to have my office located here.
5	OMGOMGOMG!!!I love Pita Pit! They started in Canada back in '97 and I used to go there all the time after clubbin' when I lived in Toronto, during college. I can't believe we just got our first one here in Vegas.... and its a 5 min. walk from my work. GOOD JOB putting it next to the university to feed those hungry students. now can you put another location on Fremont street where its hard to get a healthy bite to eat? The pita bread is awesome, thin but soft and chewy, there are 3 times as many toppings to choose from compared to subway, and none of them except for cheese and meat cost extra!  Im excited to try all the breakfast pitas, that's next. I good one of my co-workers there this afternoon and she LOVED it. She and I are going back tomorrow!Its perfect for those trying to eat healthy, lots of veggies to choose from, not as much bread as a sub, and great Vegetarian/Vegan options.  Even though I'm not a vegan I like to get the falafal pita, it was my long time favorite back home. they stuff that thing with falafal, I honestly didn't expect that much food in it.UPDATE: You don't get all the veggie fixin's with the breakfast pitas! be warned so to not be dissapointed. if you really want guac an tomato and stuff with your eggs and bacon make sure to tell them at the register and pay a little extra.
5	How can I summarize my review without writing a million words?Let's just say that after my first visit and eating my first Chicken Souvlaki, I proceeded to have Pita Pit for lunch and dinner the following THREE DAYS. I became an addict *snap* just like that.For extra details:- My ultimate favorite is the Chicken Souvlaki. My second is the Chicken Crave. But with so many options, I always come up with new combinations that taste great! - Great for salads too! Since the meat they use is well seasoned, tender, and cooked to perfection, your salad will always taste fantastic.- Pita Card. Get one! You'll rack up points in no time and be able to redeem them for free pitas!! It also doubles as a gift card so you can load cash onto it!- Delicious break from the crap at the UNLV student union! Cheaper than Cafe Rio! GO! GO! GO!
3	Tonight I had my first experience of a true mouth orgazaim, the customer serviced sucked major ass the male employee there didn't seem alive. The food made up for it so much I will becoming back once a week so this won't be my last experience and the employee also works next door at 3pm, which I find tacky.
3	I like Pita Pit enough.  I don't LOVE Pita Pit.  I don't really know why.  The food was okay, the service was slow but friendly... it wasn't bad or anything... but it just didn't "do it for me."  I don't really have the motivation to try different things.  I got a falafel pita, which was okay.  I would probably like something else better, but... meh.  I'm just not feeling it.  I almost feel bad, because for once, I'm lacking any explanation for it!  I just don't get it.
5	I haven't eaten here yet as I didn't know there was a Pita Pit in Las Vegas!! I loved eating there when I lived on the East Coast and I just decided today to look up if there was a Pita Pit here in Vegas (I didn't have my hopes up since I've never seen one). I'm pretty excited about this find and I'll write an update once I get my hands on a delicious pita.
4	I've been here twice so far, and each time my pita has been amazingly delicious.  I got the Dagwood the first time, and the Chicken Souvlaki the second.  The great thing about this place is that you choose what type of pita bread you want, and then what you want in your pita (Subway-style)... from a variety of veggies to sauces.  The avocado does not cost extra like at other restaurants, which is nice.  The meat is cooked fresh in front of you and placed inside the pita.  With a convenient location right across UNLV, I'll be coming back here more often!
4	I've heard about this place, word travels fast in space.... it is what it is, a fast, inexpensive, easy, no waiting, clean and friendly place to grab a quick bite. Oh, and it's good too. It's been said already and I'll repeat it - it's like a sandwich shop with a decent selection of toppings, spreads and sauces.The only thing I was a little disappointed with is that I was expecting more Mediterranean items, with the exception of the souvlaki chicken (which I had and was quite good) and humus and feta cheese, the majority of the pita options were of your typical deli style choices, roast beef, ham, etc. doesn't mean it's not good, just a bit different than I was expecting.I got the souvlaki chicken, not breast meat but still good, grilled to order, warm and soft pita, fresh tasting. What more can you ask for, and pay less than $7 for? Yes, if it was free it'd be even better but either way, enjoy if you're in the area!
5	This place is delicious!  My favorites are the Mediterranean chicken, the buffalo chicken, and the gyro.  The veggies and fixins are great.  I go here at least once a week.  Great rewards program too!
4	So happy I bought my LivingSocial deal here! Lots of positives and negatives though.This Pita Pit is extremely clean and has a lot of options. Though it's not "expensive" I found that the pita's here didn't fill me up. I was not a fan of the the person at the register, who was making the pitas while simultaneously taking orders, not sanitary. I found that this Pita Pit doesn't have a great system because people are crowding around at the fillings waiting/trying to tell the employee what they want in their pita in a very small area. The "restaurant" needs to be more spread out and not have everything clumped together.
3	Imagine Subway, but with Pitas instead of bread...that basically sums up the Pita Pit. I may have gone in with my expectations too high, or maybe I went at a bad time of day, but I just didn't like this place as much as I'd hoped I would. On my way home on a Thursday evening, I stopped at Pita Pit for dinner. I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki on a wheat pita. I was good, but it wasn't great. The place was pretty dead with only one guy working and the toppings for the Pitas (hummus, lettuce, mushrooms, etc) looked like they'd been sitting out for quite some time. This was a disappointment because I'd kept hearing about how "fresh" the ingredients at this place are. The server, however was both friendly and helpful in taking my order. And the Pita was decent. I will definitely try it again because it IS a nice alternative to subway and I really want to like this place, but this time I will order the falafel.  And update will be posted at that time. Until then, all I can say is..."It was ok."
4	I love pitas, hummus and falafels. As such, when I saw a coupon for the Pita Pit in the UNLV coupon booklet (love that thing), I decided it was high time I checked them out. I'm very happy that I did, as they have an amazing selection of vegetarian options. The first time I went there I had a pita with falafels, hummus, spinach and feta. Delicious! The second time was in the morning, so I had the Morning Glory sans green peppers and with feta (what can I say, I love goat cheese). It was tasty, and the tomatoes were perfectly grilled.
3	Not bad, not great. Would I eat here again? When the need for a gyro or chicken souvlaki hits me... perhaps, if I'm in the area. It's a chain, as I used to have Pita Pit in college when I attended the University of Nevada in Reno, I know this to be true. I remember being highly addicted to the pitas here based off the fact I could get so many add-ins for no additional money. I could basically stuff my pita so full of romaine lettuce, spinach, banana peppers, mushrooms, cucumbers, and all kinds of tasty sauces I wouldn't have to eat for a whole day because I'd be so full. And that was kind of the point - as a poor college student, paying almost $10 for a combo meal at Pita Pit was like... half my beer budget for happy hour at the bar down the street. As an adult (heh heh) now, and not a college student, Pita Pit is all right. Even with all the stuffing of veggies I can fit into one of these bad boys it's still just all right. By no means was my chicken souvlaki pita bad, it was good, but I've definitely had better Greek food elsewhere. But again, this is Pita Pit, the chain that also serves a Dagwood pita - so can I really base my opinion off of it while comparing it to actual Greek places that specialize in *Greek* only dishes? Overall - service was extremely friendly and the guys working here were absolutely fabulous. They accepted my LivingSocial deal quickly and with ease. They were also chatty while making my pita and making me feel welcome. Food - somewhat bland, but it's a chain, so I guess my comparison to more authentic Greek places is somewhat moot. Therefore, Pita Pit is A-OK in my book. Check them out if you're in the UNLV area, at least you will feel good stuffing your pita with lots of good greens and veggies in the end!
5	Best of the best when you are trying to eat healthy, yet want delivery food if you don't feel like going out or can't get away from work. Always on time, always fresh, and the delivery people are polite, clearly spoken , and friendly. It's a great break from pizza and wings.
2	Creative but as flavor goes, nothing out of this world unfortunately. Conveniently right across from the Greenspun Hall, the place is cosy. It's like a subway with pitas. I ordered a gyro pita. The gyro meat is not sliced fresh, it looked like they threw a few pieces of rubber on the grill and chopped it up. The actual pita was really thin, not the thick pitas you are usually used to. They do have the option between white or wheat pitas. Just like subway, you pick what ever toppings you want. I choose lettuce, tomatoes, onions, feta cheese, a smear of hummus and tzatsiki sauce. The hummus was gritty like sand, kinda nasty. The tzatsiki was thick but it needed salt and more cucumber, it was pretty much just yogurt. The gyro meat actually had some flavor but it wasn't crunchy and juicy it was oily and soggy. I don't even think it was real gyro meat, sadly enough. For just the sandwich it was close to $8 which was not worth the price at all! I'd eat it again if it was like $5, maybe. They do offer a rewards program, you earn points for every dollar spent but you need like 90 points for a free pita sandwich and I highly doubt I'll ever eat here again. I'm going to go try Stefano's in the same plaza when I crave a gyro again.
4	A previous reviewer described this franchise as the subway of pita sandwiches. What's the major, glaring difference? The food here tastes about ten times better.It's not exactly cheap, as a pita tends to run anywhere from 6-8 bucks. You can do the extra meat or whatever if you're feeling extra hungry. Obvious bear says what? (What?!) This particular location largely caters to the UNLV crowd right across from the street and the workers appear to be students themselves. They've been polite and helpful everytime I stopped by-- making sure to answer questions and describe menu items that were unclear. Business seems modest here but I imagine they are getting by just fine during the rush hours.The basic business model is this-- you pick the type of meat and then customize it in front of an assortment of chopped vegetables ala subway. I love that they offer a wheat pita, and alfalfa sprouts. Other choices include romaine lettuce, roasted tomatoes, cucumbers, and banana peppers. Among sauces you can opt for a tsatziki sauce (a good idea with chicken souvlaki), hummus, or various other sauces including chipotle mayo, ranch etc. Among cheese options, they wisely include feta and pepper jack.The local special is barbecued chicken, grilled with jalapenos and onions. It went well with chipotle mayo and green peppers.I've also tried the chicken souvlaki, and I thoroughly enjoyed the grilled steak. Depending on how much, or what sort of sauces you choose to add to your creation, you can leave with something that is pretty darn healthy for fast food and doesn't taste half bad. If you are at all conscious about what sort of foods you eat, you'll find this place to be a refreshing choice.
3	Greek food has a special place in my heart. This place had some of the gratifying bittles despite it being fast food. We found it by accident when we were planning on eating at the fantastic Greek restaurant Stefano's in the same shopping center. We were saddened when we found out that Stefano's is closed on Sunday but this was definitely the next best thing.I wavered between 3 & 4 stars on this one. Let's start with the positives: fresh ingredients,  speedy service. Negatives: only 1 worker on weekends, the food was good but not great. I would recommend this place if you are craving a gyro and need something quick. Even with only 1 worker she was very fast and very courteous. If there was some hummus not just chips to go with this then I would have probably given them a solid 4.
5	I love this place!!!   From Pacific Beach to San Jose to San Diego I've been to them all!-Bring the JEKYL AND HYDE (chicken and steak pita) to VEGAS!
5	The Garden Pita is great. You can even pick your veggies.
3	**3.5 stars**Pita Pit was a great find as I was in search of a healthy bite to eat.  We were greeted by a very friendly gentleman at the counter.  He took our order and began making a couple of people's order.  When he got to ours, he calls you over and asked you specifically what you want on your pita, love that customization!  My veggie pita was good and all ingredients were fresh, at least on my pita.  My husband had the gyro which the meat is frozen and is then cooked on the grill to order.   Prices are reasonable, parking was easy, service was friendly, food was good!
3	Their black bean vegetarian option is out of this world. Good portions, good hummus. Maybe a teeny overpriced. But hey, I guess the pita business aint booming yet.
1	This place should not be able to call itself Mediterranean at all. Frozen gyro slices and even frozen deli turkey slices. Meat was not cooked all the way through (like a microwaved burrito where it was still a little frozen in the middle). Oh, and where are the plates? Service was strange, putting it kindly. Would definitely not eat here again. Blegh!
4	I haven't actually gone into this Pita Pit location, so this review is for delivery. Their delivery fee was only $1, but now I think it is free, but either way, super cheap delivery. The first time I used delivery, the delivery guy went to the wrong apartment, but luckily, I saw him outside and was able to get my food and the second time, he came to the right place. The food is simple, but good and not a bad price for what you get. I usually get a soda and chips with whichever pita I decide on getting. I like the fact that I can pick what I want to put on my pita. Pita Pit is perfect for quick food.
4	So good and affordable! Can make any pita anyway you like it. I wish I lived on this side of town so that I could eat here more often.
5	This is a great, affordable spot to grab a quick bite to eat at any time of day. Although I haven't been for breakfast, steak and eggs is next on my list to try. We like to stop by after using the UNLV gym, as the location is very close to campus, easily within walking distance from any of the residence halls. There are pre-configured items on the menu, but the best part about this place is that everything is customizable! They have nearly two dozen sauces to adorn any type of pita you like. Certain pitas come with different meat choices or vegetarian options. Once you choose the base of your pita, you get to customize it with a wide selection of veggies, spreads, cheeses, and of course the sauces. You can be as healthy or as indulgent as you want to be, which is something I love in a restaurant! I would definitely recommend Pita Pit for eaters of any taste preference.
3	Looking for something on the go? Pita pit is fast and better then other fast food joints. Pick your toppings. I like their chicken Slouvaki :)If you're in the area. Stop in. I'm a huge fan of pita wraps!Parking lot. Casual. Great customer service!
4	I hadn't been to Pita Pit since living in Gainesville, FL, where I was introduced to the chain. When we were in Vegas, we decided to order some. I drove from the hotel to Pita Pit and it took about 15-20 mins. This place was oddly empty, so either it's not a big hit as it was in the Gator Nation, or Pita Pit is just slow on Mondays, or something... Either way, the food was good, the service was good (there was only one person working at around 7:30pm), but nothing to write home about. I had the gyros, my wife had the chicken souvlakis, and my daughter had a hummus pita.
3	Went to Pita pit because I bought a Groupon online. I have been to them before in Sacramento where I went to college. The one in Sacramento used to skewer their chicken and Grill it. They would have it stored in a cooler and then refire the chicken with the Soulvaki sauce. It was nice real chunks of chicken that had crispy edges. I used to be addicted to this place while I was in college because it was so hot and fresh. I was excited to try it at this location in Las Vegas
4	Before I discovered Pita Pit, I used to be a regular at Subway since it was the only convenient vegan/vegetarian option I thought was around, especially at UNLV.After coming here I have completely RENOUNCED Subway. Actually, the fact that Pita Pit and Subway both exist at the same time kind of confuses and angers me. Pita Pit gives you WAY more options & variety, and their ingredients are so much fresher. You can add avocado, hummus, tzaziki for no extra cost. They freshly prepare their meats on a grill right in front of you.They have a vegan section of the menu, and I always order the black bean pita which I always stuff full of ingredients until it's really huge. I've taken plenty of non-vegetarians here and they love it. Every time. What really gets to me is that it COSTS about the SAME as Subway. Especially since Subway hiked up their prices. Blows my mind.
2	Meh. This place is just ok. I thought it was a bit pricey for what I ordered and it didn't live up to my expectations. I ordered a gyro pita with double meat because I saw they didn't really put much meat on in the regular orders plus a tiny tub of hummus. The gyro meat really wasn't flavorful and the tzatziki lacked some flavor. It just tasted like plain yogurt.
4	I love this franchise.  Its delicious and healthy.  The classic chicken with all the veggies and feta they have is always my go to.  They have a subway style of stuffing their pitas, I absolutely love this place... Have I said that yet?
4	I just got home to enjoy our Pitas and I'm a little critical. I think the kid helping me was sweet, but maybe needs a bit more training. Very nice kid though! The gyro meat needs to be cooked more. It's waaaaay too mushy. Just let it sear a bit and it would be great. The romaine was a bit wilted and missing the crunch, but that's an easy fix! . I love the flavor of the pita, and the whole concept. I'll definitely be back to try more things. Everyone behind the counter was friendly and very personable and in a city of customer service industry people- super important!
4	I decided to come here one day after class because I haven't really tried the food places off of Maryland Parkway. But the only problem was that when I got out of class and headed over there, they weren't open! They opened at 10:30am everyday and I was thirty minutes too early so I hung out somewhere else.When 10:30am rolled around, I headed there. The guy behind the counter was friendly and I ordered a breakfast pita - the Morning Glory (Eggs, Hashbrowns, Tomatoes, Grilled Onions & Green Peppers, Cheddar Cheese). I paid for my pita and waited for the guy to make my food.I sat down at a table to eat the pita and it was delicious. I ate up everything and I kinda wanted more.
4	The Pita Pit commercializes a reinvention of the sandwich. Their routine is basically the same you would hear at any other sandwich place, whether you want white or wheat, what toppings, etc, but they have a few refreshing differences.I ordered a gyro pita pocket.There are a lot more choices of spreads, including tsiziki, which is what I picked. To be honest, their tsiziki wasn't anything very special, to me, but it's nice that they offered it. There are also a lot of stuffings, too. Some that I found appealing: feta cheese, alfalfa sprouts, and artichoke hearts! Yum! After building your pita pocket, they wrap it up in sub paper for you. Personally, I would have appreciated to eat mine in a bowl with a fork and knife because my pita pocket was pretty stuffed, but I managed well enough.The Pita Pit is the place to stop by if you are craving a fun, healthy meal. Mine definitely filled me up.
4	Love the pita sandwiches they make it is sooooo good. I've tried most of the flavors and can't go wrong with it. My favorite is the buffalo chicken and I like it because you can choose what goes inside the pita so everything is made to order which is nice. Chicken caesar is my second favorite. It is nice and filling so it is worth every penny. Great  quick service as well.
1	This place is never open. We have been there 4 times in the past 2 weeks and it's never open. Go to Cafe Rio.
