3	It's nice we finally have a GetGo in Sq Hill. This one is conveniently located on Murray Ave and Forward. I think there's 10 gas pumps, and I'm not sure if any diesel. This place can get pretty crowded in the mornings. The store inside is pretty small, and there's no bathroom.
3	I'm glad there is a get-go in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood.  Although there aren't that many pumps and the interior is quite small.  Great place to redeem your fuel perks!
2	Compared to other Get-Go's, I think this one is pretty lame. First off, the parking situation is horrendous! Even getting into a spot can sometimes be a clusterfluke. As stated in previous reviews, the place is very small but they have a free air pump
2	I was extremely happy when I heard about GetGo coming to my neighborhood. But then I asked myself, "almost every GetGo is huge, accommodates at least 12 cars comfortably and has a really good super center." That's where the problems really are.The access to this gas station has always been laughable. One of the biggest intersections in Squirrel Hill and you need to plan ahead (depending on the time of day) on how the hell you're going to get in there. But once you do, oh the humanity!!!!With a whopping 9 pumps in a very intimate setting, you'll be lucky to find a pump in the middle of the day or well after rush hour (good time to go: 3:00am). so you wait your turn, in the direction you arrived, and then the party begins...or nightmare!Cars attempting, hilariously, time consuming 3-point turns. People beeping and hanging out their window pointing at soon-to-be-empty spaces, praying for dibs on it. Drivers finally getting a space and then, "oops, my tank is on the other side" wash, rinse and repeat ad nauseum.Whew!!!...But wait they have a "store". It is small, crowded, brings (non-driving) customers of the street to walk casually around the stating continuing to inhibit any form of a viable system. Cashiers are okay, and I couldn't and wouldn't ever do that job.Leaving is just as hard. After you white knuckled the pump so it can go "faster" (because understand, I you leave your car for any reason or show that you are not doing your best to hurry up, you will become a pariah, and other drivers give no sympathy.Personal note: Last week, from entrance to egress, I kid you not, I took the better part of 25 minutes to fill my tank up and pay at the pump.The good: Free air (thank you GetGo sooo much, free freaking air) and it is a Get Go so you can use your advantage card.
2	The access to this station is terrible, there's very little room on the lot to move your car around, and it's always way too crowded.  I frequently end up circling the block a couple times and then heading over to Shell or the other GetGo on Penn in Wilkinsburg.The only redeeming quality here is that you can use your FuelPerks for super-cheap gas, but you can do that at any other GetGo, too.
2	GetGos always overcrowd, but this one is particularly bad. The lot is too small to accommodate the lines that always form, and good luck making a left out of either exit -- one's illegal, and the other implausible (unless you're driving a bumper car, in which case, aren't those things electric anyway? GTFO!).
3	Way too small for the crowd that it attracts. Been there only once and had to wait a while for my turn, while watching other drivers hilariously try to maneuver their vehicles around in little space so their gas doors are on the right side. Clueless people try to turn left into the station from Murray, across the double yellow marking on the road, right in front of one of the busiest five way intersections in the area.
2	I've hated this place since it was a BP.  And even though the name has changed, nothing else has.This place is by far the worst of the worse.  This particular one is located at a very busy intersection where five roads meet.  So just picture that when attempting to enter/exit this place.  And to speak of the overcrowding of this tiny lot isn't even worth it.  The tiny store that goes along with this place is as much of a joke as you can imagine.  They have attempted to shove as much as they could in here to make it look like a typical GetGo.  Right down to the ATM.  Save your time and drive a few more miles to a different gas station, you'll surely save a headache by doing so.
2	I know it's been said before.  But who thought it would be a good idea to cram a gas station on a tiny lot right at the corner of a busy, multi-street intersection?It is kind of entertaining though, watching people jockey for a spot at one of the pumps.  Or when someone forgets which side the gas tank's on!  Or wacthing those who try to make the left onto Murray Avenue.  The times I've come here, I've found it best to enter off of Forward Avenue and then exiting right on Murray Ave.Otherwise I prefer going over to CoGos or Gas America even though they're a little out of the way
