5	Not for the price-sensitive person. By far, the best gym in Vegas. Friendly staff and great atmosphere.
3	So I've been a member of City Athletic Club for a very long time now and thought I'd check out other gyms in the area.  So, I checkout DBG, the staff was super friendly and showed me around the facility. It was really nice, very decorative, lots of art work, statues, different shades of light and brilliant color. It's like someone took the themes from "A Clockwork Orange" and "The Warriors" and threw them in the J. Paul Getty Museum..haha This gym does offer top of the line fitness equipment, lots of amenities and a host of classes such as yoga, spin, Pilates...etc. I can naturally see why DBG would attract a lot of attention and appeal to the public.  Being an athlete myself, I personally would never train at a gym like this.  The last thing I have on my mind when I enter a gym is being comfortable. My mind is far from being able to kick back on plush purple couches and sip on a caramel macchiato....lol Now, I'm not saying you can't get a effective workout at this facility. I'm only stating this gym doesn't fit my training style.  If you are into Crossfit, MMA or Olympic lifting, this most certainly isn't the place for you. If you are not a fan of contracts or on a budget, again this isn't the place for you. The biggest deterrent for me was the price. When you join a fancy gym... "fancy" being the key word, its not going to be cheap by any means. There is absolutely no reason to pay $150 per month for a gym membership. I'm sorry, but...that's f**king ridiculous!!!!  Bottom line there is a big difference in the words "training" and "workout". DBG is for a place for hipster youth to hang out and occasionally lift a weight or two in order for them to feel they are getting fit, a place to "WORKOUT".  Myself, when I hit the gym, I'm there to push my mind and body to the limit, making sure I can never say, "Damn, I should have pushed myself harder".  In short, I don't "workout", I TRAIN!!!
1	So I decided to take a look at this gym for myself due to the mixed reviews I've read. Firstly the price is $150, and I really did think this place was going to be best (you get what you pay for right?). I took a look around and yeh it looks nice and fancy but the equipment is a load of bollocks.  Where the hell are all the plate loading machines? Is there a stairmaster? Where's the pool? The attachments for the cable stacks? Really? I've viewed apartments with an onsite gym with those basic items. Id get better results bashing one out in my bedroom than using this place.
3	So I'm sitting with a friend of mine who's been harassing me to join a gym and I finally say, "name the place and the time and I'll be there" - He immediately calls my bluff and says tomorrow morning at 5:30 at the David Barton Gym.The next morning, my alarm clock assaults my senses in a pitch black room. I swat at my phone and slide out of bed, bleary eyed and dizzy from lack of sleep. After blinding myself with the light, I manage to put on what I think is the appropriate clothing and collapse into my car. As I drift down the street I wonder who's more dangerous, me half asleep, or the late night drunks racing the sun home.Parking at the gym is great at this hour, the yellowish lights in the underground garage make my flabby palid skin look less healthy than usual - maybe I really do need a gym? A quick elevator ride and I arrive at the gym. Since I'm here on a guest pass, I'll leave pricing until later.My friends are already here, marching forward on a machine meant to keep them in one place. The gym is clean, the machines are clean, and the towels are included to help keep it that way. At 5:30 am, there are two other patrons, leaving the majority of the equipment open for use.This pattern continues throughout the week as I weakly try building my cardio, and push, pull and lift helplessly small amounts of weight. By the end of the week, all I have to show for my initial efforts is sore muscles and an awkward walk days after my first leg exercises.After a couple of days, I sat down with one of the staff to discuss my intentions, their pricing and to see if we can come to an agreement. My goals are not important, but it may help you to know what their goals are.David Barton Gyms are targeted to folks who want to experience a more exclusive atmosphere. They are working towards a cap to the number of members that they will eventually allow to make sure that the exclusivity is maintained. The pricing is higher than most other gyms also to help drive that exclusivity.What you get for that price is a very clean, well maintained facility. They have professional trainers on staff that are excellent at their craft. The weights are almost always exactly where you would expect them, in order and ready to go. The locker rooms and rest rooms are well appointed and immaculate. The lighting and artwork that fills the gym is top notch and striking.What you may miss is some specialized equipment like stair and ladder machines, they do not have a pool on site, so no aqua classes. If you are looking for a social atmosphere, this may not be the place for you as most of the patrons are their to sweat and work, not hang out.Finally lets talk a bit about the pricing. These numbers are based upon late 2012, so if you are reading this months or years from now, they may be different. The enrollment is $400 and the monthly dues are $149 with a minimum one year commitment. Personal training sessions are sold in packages starting at $115 for one and going down to $68 if you buy a package of 100. Depending on how far along they are towards their membership cap, they may be willing to negotiate some or all of these prices, but again, their ultimate goal is to maintain an atmosphere of exclusivity.For me, I was not ready to make this large of a commitment while still being a gym noob. If your priorities are to work out in style, no kids, no screaming power lifters, just hard work and self investment, check this place out. If you are on a budget, less motivated, or unconcerned with atmosphere while you sweat, try somewhere else.
4	First of all, yes it's more expensive than most gyms in the area, but I really think it's worth the price. It's the closest thing I can find to my gym that I LOVED in Los Angeles, Equinox. After my awful experience at Las Vegas Athletic Clubs (LVAC), I decided I wanted a gym that was actually clean, where the equipment was maintained, and the staff wasn't rude or clueless.I found all of that in DBG...it's immaculate (and it stays that way) and it is never really that busy. The classes are great, my favorite is yoga with Christine on Tuesday/Thursday mornings. I've taken a ton of yoga classes, and Christine's is at the top. The only thing that gets me is the $150+ less in my wallet every month, but I feel great so I'm teling myself that it's worth it.
5	While in town for the holiday (Thanksgiving) a few weeks back, I was looking for a nice gym to go and workout. Needless to say, I was shocked to look on Yelp and find a David Barton in Vegas - I'm from NY and go to Equinox, which is another high end club, and their main rival in the city. I immediately called since I've been to one of the locations in the city (Chelsea section of Manhattan), and was met with the friendliest, most helpful staff; so much so that I immediately rushed in.When I finally arrived, I was in awe of how beautiful the gym looked, and again, how friendly the staff was. They let me have my own experience without being too pushy to sign up, and if I lived in Vegas, this would be my no. 1 place to go! I'll definitely be back for more during my next visit back. :)
1	After 3 attemps over a year period to contact the gym and have no phone calls returned I recieved a 2nd direct mail card and did talk to someone when I called.I did a 2 week complimentary pass which included 2 free personal training sessions and went to a mat pilates class, a guns class, an abdominal class and an express spin class.  (I have been a member of a club since I was in college and I'm 43). My first personal training session hadn't been properly scheduled in the system so when I arrived I was told the trainer wasn't there and it wasn't on their schedule *(huge waste of time).   I did think this was a nice club in a good location but the lack of classes was disappointing and although the abs, guns and pilates classes were very good both the spin class and the pilates class did not start on time even though there were only 3-4 participants.  There was only one water fountain in the weight room and no additional fans in the spin studio, just 2 overhead fans on low.  This is a great club for someone who wants to be in a club and not see many people and have a very private workout.  Justin is a fantastic personal trainer and instructor so be sure and request him and attend his classes.  I would give this club a better score if David, the membership manager had at least responsed to my email when I took the time to give him the promised feedback on what I thought about the classes, schedule and my trainers.  I seriously doubt David Barton will last a year which is a sad thing for Summerlin and our hopefully recovering economy. I have since checked out Liftetime (very nice but also crowded, lots of kids on the climbing wall (but not near the studios) and a little big for my taste but a lot of classes and happy, nice employees) and LVAC. I didn't think LVAC would be a nice enough club for my taste but I am floored by how clean the club is and how great the classes are (*especially Pure Intensity Training) and will be joining immediately. WIth a nice cafe/protein shake/fresh squeezed juice and vegetable bar, plenty of parking, a $10 hand car wash in the lot, over 20 classes/day and a mere $20/month I think it's the deal of the century.
4	A hiking buddy gifted me with a one-month pass to David Barton Gym and now that I've had a few opportunities to visit, I feel I can finally write a review.  The gym is certainly spacious and offers numerous cardio machines, a nice free weight area, and 4 classrooms (spin, yoga, group fitness, pilates).  DBG has been open for a year and each time I went, the place was pretty quiet.  I'm not sure if its location will help or hinder their business (DBG is in Tivoli Village, which is quiet most of the time).  The group fitness classes I checked out were quite good.  I tried a spin class, an "Ass Blaster" class (45 minutes devoted to shaping one's boo-tay), and a "Power Conditioning" class (boot-camp style drills).  Instructors were energetic and helpful in demonstrating and correcting proper form.  The classrooms are large, bright, and immaculate.  Patrons are permitted to use the classrooms for their personal use when unoccupied.My month pass came with one personal training session which was educational.  In my opinion, DBG really pushed the training sessions and my personal time with the trainer was no exception.  Every few minutes, he would mention that it was most beneficial to work with a trainer for optimal results.  Well, yes, I do believe that working with someone who is knowledgeable about the equipment/form/etc. is good....I just don't think I want to hear that multiple times during a single 60 minute period!  That said, my trainer was encouraging and modeled proper form for each weight station.Now....the best part of DBG is the locker room.  Wow.  The ladies' locker room is apparently twice the size of the mens' locker room (which makes total sense!!).  Everything is provided: towels, hair dryers, Bumble and Bumble hair products (shampoo, conditioner), body wash, moisturizer....the locker room was always impeccably clean each time I went and there are numerous day lockers in which to store gear.  I didn't try the steam room (with eucalyptus aromatherapy good-to-smell stuff piped in) or the sauna, as I'm not a fan of getting all hot after a workout, but I've heard from a few folks that they're pretty nice as well.Too bad there isn't a pool here!  Surprisingly, there is no cafe.  And, too bad that I really don't have the time -- or money -- to commit to a membership.  The activation/joiners' fee is pretty high (a few hundred dollars, if I remember correctly) and price per month is around $150 (does not include training sessions).  Membership gets you unlimited access to group classes and the facility (and amazing locker room).So, DBG is a pricy place to get one's gym fix, but if you're looking for a large, modern facility with a good mix of group classes and spacious cardio/weight area that is never busy, come here.  This isn't the best place for families; seems like the atmosphere is geared more towards young-ish professionals, with the trendy decor.  Definitely the cleanest, prettiest gym I've visited.  :)
5	I paid a visit to David Barton Gym while on a recent business trip to Las Vegas.  Just minutes from the hustle and bustle of the strip, this gym is the perfect spot to work out.  It is spacious, quiet, well equipped, and one of the most beautifully designed spaces Iv'e ever seen.  The manager and staff are all very friendly.  I'd give anything to have this gym in Atlanta.
5	Lets just say I'm in LOVE! I've been a member of the Bodies in Motion franchise for years and when they announced David Barton's takeover I was a bit on the fence. Dues would increase, but the look and class offerings would be enhanced. Well, this was my first look at the gym and I'm impressed. Exclusive, clean, top machines, and even better instructors and trainers. I stopped by for a tour today and popped into a Pilates class with instructor Gylnara Karavea and it was worth its weight in gold. The team welcomes you and the entire experience felt like I was a member of an exclusive club.For top result oriented classes and a private sexy environment to get your body right, this is the place!
3	Good atmosphere to workout. Lots of yoga classes. The gym is seems to be almost always close to empty. Not as "hip" as the other David Barton gyms around the country
1	I wanted to like this gym. I really did. It's gorgeous, after all, and their salespeople do a great job of talking it up. First off, I have a very busy and ever-changing schedule. This probably made me a poor candidate for this gym to begin with, as their hours and classes are limited. Anyway, I visited the gym in April and was impressed with the sales rep, the facility, and the quality of trainers. I had very limited time that day (the story of my life!), so I filled out a little card (I did not complete any membership paperwork) and left to carry on with the day.In May, I began the stressful and lengthy process of home buying and got even busier! David Barton Gym began charging my credit card, and I was fine with that.Come June, I'm still absolutely slammed and haven't been able to get to the gym. At this point, I had been getting repeated phone calls from these clowns asking me to come in and fill out the paperwork. With everything I had going on, David Barton Gym wasn't a priority. I was fine with them charging me the membership fee. I had no issues. But what did they do? They threatened me. They started telling me that I would be charged MORE because I hadn't filled out the paperwork...Long story short, I decided this wasn't the place for me due to bad customer service and asked them to simply stop charging my card since I had never officially become a member anyway . I didn't ask for any refunds whatsoever. What did they do this time? They refused to stop charging me unless I filled out the membership paperwork. Huh? OK...well, long story short again: Silly me capitulated and signed the membership paperwork along with the cancellation paperwork at the same time, again never asking for a refund. However, David Rivera (who is great, by the way - I feel sorry that he works for that company because he deserves better) insisted that I accept a refund for May. That was a nice gesture. I kept telling him it wasn't necessary, but he insisted so I finally accepted.Fast forward to July. No refund from David Barton for May as promised, and I didn't really care at that point. I had closed on my house and was in the midst of cleaning, preparing, and moving. It had been a CRAZY two months, and the David Barton Gym was the last thing on my mind.When I finally got a chance to get my files in order after the moving process, I discovered that David Barton Gym had never STOPPED charging my card! I was in possession of cancellation paperwork that indicated no further charges would be made after May, yet I had charges for June and July.Making a long story short for the last time, it's August 14 and I STILL haven't received a penny back. I'm left with the conclusion that this place condones fraud and tries to get away with it whenever possible. The General Manager, Greg Refner, has no customer service skills (and no desire to serve or be fair to people) and certainly no urgency for anything...unless it's getting someone to sign membership paperwork under duress. I am really appalled at the way in which this entire debacle was handled. I'd suggest staying away from this place at all costs, no matter how glamorous it may seem.
1	I signed up for their special two months for $50 and the gym was ok, it was empty most of the time. I did the free training and then later got hit with the price!!! OMG I almost fell out of my chair. The original person that signed me up, Allie, told me I can cancel at any time with out any penalties. Well a month later I move to the other side of town and since I'm extremely busy and don't have time to go personally to tell them I need to cancel I go online and get their fax number and send then a cancellation letter, I get a confirmation receipt for my fax. All of a sudden they withdraw $140 out of my account!!!! I called and complained and even emailed with the general manager Greg Reffner and he was VERY UNHELPFUL told me they don't even have a fax machine!! Ummm well I forwarded him my cancellation letter along with the fax receipt and he basically blew me off!!! COME ON DAVID BARTON after charging your customers an arm and a leg you can't afford to have a working fax machine. Not only that but you can't hire a customer friendly general manager?!?!?!?! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!!
5	Amazing space! They have anything you need at your finger tips. Friendly staff and awesome trainers. I love it because it is not pack and you can feel comfortable at all times!
2	Strange experience here- stopped in on a weeknight to check the place out. 1. No employees, just the receptionist. Nobody to give me a tour or try to pitch me a membership. No trainers. 2. Weirdest thing, almost zero members. One dude lifting weights, a lady doing abs. Always nice not waiting for equipment, but kinda creepy. 3. Then I found out how much it costs. Huh?? Who would pay $130 bucks a month for a gym membership. No wonder why the place is empty, this gym is not for me.
5	DB in Tivoli is a superior product, the gym contains some of the finest equipment under one roof, its sophisticated and dedicated clientele makes for an incredible workout experience.  In addition the staff and management are truly an asset ranging from extremely knowledgable trainers and instructors to concierge type treatment by management. Everyone is a big family here and they give indiviualized and professional service.  Mr. Rivera is a great asset to the team here and provides excellent service for membership, knowledgable programs to enroll in and meets each clients expectations exceeding them each time.
5	I went to this gym when they hosted an event for yoga gangsters a non profit that helps youth at risk. I have been at many gyms across the country and abroad and this is the most impressive gym I have seen. The attention to detail and the staff are extraordinary. I highly recommend going to this gym.
1	I am very sorry to report I must give a negative review to this gym. I had SUCH high hopes for it. Nice, location, clean, good equipment, etc. I was a walking billboard for this place.But I can no longer support that position. It has become a nightmare over there.It is run by people who seem like they are pretending to run a business and seem to know nothing about it. In the first 6 months I was there, they charged my credit card for a 6 session training package I never bought. It took almost two months of screaming up the corporate ladder for them to reverse that charge (but they did!). After that, I had questions about the massage program. Steve Lubarsky gave me many many different answers about the prices and when I pushed him to either give me a consistent price or let me speak to someone at Meridien (their management company), he refused. I found out later from Kevin Kavanaugh, that they never had a license to perform massages and Steve was basically stalling until he could figure out what to do to cover his ass. He then proceeded to halt the program immediately, which certainly speaks for itself. Since then, I have tried very earnestly to straighten things out with corporate and at the very least get an apology for Steve ignoring my requests while he covered his ass, but they refuse to do so. So, I would say, do NOT go to this gym. They are a corporate mess. They just fired one GM and they have hired a new one, but I heard he was ready to quit. It's a mess. Additionally, every person I have brought in who joined as a member has since quit because of the non-stop pressure from David Riviera to buy training packages. If you decide to ignore my advice and join, be prepared for daily texts and phone calls urging you to buy overpriced training packages. And everybody there pays a different price. I pay $99 a month. They charge friends of mine $130. Others pay $150. It all depends who you talk to and how desperate they are to make their membership quotas.Okay, have I made myself clear. I can't stress enough - STAY AWAY!!!!
5	Love. This. Gym.It is always clean. The staff is friendly. The locker rooms are spacious and NICE. The amenities are great. The classes are awesome. The trainers are awesome. I just can't say enough. It is perfect for the gym-goer who appreciates a lot of great equipment, space, classes, great parking, and an adult-only (no children) atmosphere. It is a quality gym and the price reflects it. Fitness is important to us and I can think of a lot of people who would spend what it costs for a month's membership and then some on a night out in Las Vegas. Can't put a price on health!
5	I want to start by saying you can pretty much take every review written before November 1st and ignore it.  The management has been completely gutted and replaced by competent people who actually want to help.  Robert the GM literally bent over backwards for me when I signed up including checking in on me on a weekly basis and texting me if a miss a few days.  I really feel like he cares about my results, when I see the staff they are always smiling and by the 3rd time I came in I no longer needed to show my ID card, honestly I don't even know why I carry it.  Everyone remembers my name and if I have any strange requests like more premium razors Robert is right on it.Please understand this place is not LVAC or 24 Hour or Gold's, so if you honestly expect to sign up for $4.99 and pay less than $20 a month please look elsewhere.  David Barton is like a spa, the classes are intimate and amazing they seem to go out of their way to make sure the classes have no more than 10 people in them so you get plenty of one-on-one time with the trainers/teachers. Surprisingly Reform Pilates is included the class list (you know those tables at other gyms no one knows how to use that are always more expensive) Yeah it is in included here!  They also have magnetic spin bikes so they work with one finger instead of turning a knob to adjust the resistance. It is impeccably clean, my friend and I joined together and we both agree.  I actually feel more comfortable showering here than I do at my own house.  There isn't one cheap "everything wash" like at 24 hour fitness.  They have shampoo, conditioner, body wash, mouthwash, razors, shave cream, deodorant, Q-tips, cotton balls, alcohol, soft towels etc.  Honestly the place is beautiful.I have lost 10 pounds since I signed up last month!  It is a gym I actually want to go to, it is right in the center of Tivoli Village, they have deals worked out with the restaurants to offer "diet" foods at a discount and you can valet for god sake...  There are balconies all over the gym so if you need some fresh air in the middle of a workout you can just step outside.  There is a pool table, plenty of seating areas, punching bags dedicated yoga and group ex areas.  There are two amazing private saunas in each locker room, wet and dry that are not co-ed.Honestly I am still shocked every time I go in and I would gladly pay double.Go in and talk to Robert, get healthy and stop thinking about it!
5	I totally agree with John, give this place another try. I checked it out a year ago since I work at Tivoli and did not join. I talked to the GM Shaun about 2 weeks ago and came away with a totally better feeling. I joined and I'm loving it. It is the cleanest gym I've ever belong too and I always see someone cleaning when I'm there. yes you are going to pay a little more, but you get what you pay for. I pretty much can get on any machine at anytime. the bathrooms are beautiful, clean and they provide everything. The steam room and sauna is clean and I enjoy using them. The staff has been helpful and friendly. I am so glad I joined and it is totally worth the extra dollars for what you get in return
5	This is a beautiful gym, very different than all other gyms. I love the lighting and the distribution. Nice equipment for different fitness goals. If you go at night its you and the weights... 'perfect'. State of the art gym, nice premises and never crowded. It's a gym for the fitness serious, no playing around like all other gyms. One thing I have to say, the sales crew are on top of sales, you will probably get texts on deals and things to that effect. It is what it is.Excellent customer service. You will love it.
5	Very clean. Great decor. Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Worked with a personal trainer (Paul) who was professional, fun, and personable. It is not crowded so you do not wait to use anything. Overall a very nice experience.
5	Place has great custumer service the music they play is great and the place looks like an ultra lounge!
4	I'm not currently a member, but recently toured the facility, which was not only gorgeously designed, but the neatest and cleanest gym I've ever stepped foot in. I've interacted with Lance, Rachelle and Kevin a ton when they were at my current gym; they've always been friendly, helpful and know their stuff. The receptionist (a dark haired lady) was friendly and professional as well.The weight equipment seemed very adequate for the recreational lifter and wasn't crowded at all in the afternoon. Several specialty rooms for cycling, yoga, pilates, etc.Only downsides: It's not 24 hours, I believe there's no pool, just the one location in Vegas and the prices are heftier than other gyms, but you're going to get a quality facility and staff for your money.
5	I came here as a guest to try Renado's cycle class.  He has always been popular at 24 so no surprise he is teaching here.  I've never been in a gym like this before.  I would describe it as a boutique gym.  You walk in and you feel as if you are in a spa/museum.  To the left of the check-in desk is a couple plush couches and the wall behind is a display of old phones.  Also in that area was a pool table.  Of course the cycle bikes, much like everything else in the gym was state of the art.  I went on a Sunday morning and there were only about five of us in the cycle class.  It made it very personal.  Renado didn't even need a mic and the music wasn't overpowering like most cycle classes allowing you to really focus on the ride.After class I toured the gym.  I couldn't resist getting on the oscillating machine.   Supposedly the vibrations are great for when you are stretching.  Not sure how true this is but it feels good.  The locker room had everything you could possibly need to get dressed or just relax.  I didn't get any information about the membership but I believe they run about $150 a month.  I plan to take advantage of a two week pass soon.  Obviously, at this price you are paying for amenities, towel service, etc., and a beautiful environment to work out in.  Depending on priorities that may or may not be worth it to you.  They don't have the amenities of Lifetime like a pool, rock climbing, etc., but they also don't have those crowds and kids running all over either so if I had to choose I would choose David Barton
5	Danica Bautista is a very personable sales representative and anyone interested in joining a quality gym should reach out to her.
5	I ve been a member at David Barton for about 3 months it is always really clean, never t o o crowded, and unlike other gyms the locker room is spotless and Un crowded and the staff is very friendly
5	I recently moved to Vegas in June. This is was one of the first  gyms that I toured. After hunting around town ,I ended up joining David Barton... NO REGRETS !!!!This beautiful gym is all that and more. Friendly helpful employees at the front desk to great you. Like new equipment and plenty of it.Awesome group fitness classes. Talented personal trainers. Unpretentious clientele. Uncrowded.The selling point to join this gym was the cleanliness,especially the restrooms/ steam room / sauna .... All of the luxuries of an executive restroom. I highly recommend this facility before checking out any of the other gyms in Vegas. PERIOD !!!!!!!
5	Love love love this gym! Clean, spacious, beautifully designed , great equipments and professional trainers , variety of classes, never crowded, nice friendly staff .I live on the strip and don't mind driving to trivoli village.
