2	This used to be Al's Chicago Style Hot Dogs.  We went in expecting that it would just be similar food and service with a different name.  Boy, were we wrong.  The service is really, really slow.  It took 20 minutes to get 3 hot dogs and a gyro with only 2 other customers in the place.  The other customers were pretty upset about how slow it was and actually said something and ended up with free cheesecake.  We didn't say anything and weren't even offered an apology for the slowness even though they knew they were slow.  The whole vibe that Al's had and the quality of food, service, etc. has been lost and we won't be back.  It's sad too, because we started going to Al's a couple weeks after it opened several years ago.  Definitely going to miss it.  If you want Chicago style food, this isn't going to be the best place in town, but if you're close, it's convenient.
1	3.89 for a hot dog without fries, and the hot dog was gray.I took the dog back up and the owner told me "oh the water causes them to change color", um yeah after 6 hours.   This is the first negative post I have ever yelped but it was so bad I had to say something.  Just terrible.
4	Had the Italian Combo Beef ...sausage was a little dry but overall still a great sandwich. Place is clean, small & cozy with a very friendly staff. Great experience & would return.
4	The Italian Beef sandwich & chili cheese fries was great!  Place is clean, small & cozy with a very friendly staff. Great experience & would return.
5	I'm always looking for a Chicago Dog that reminds me of my childhood outside of Chicago.  I found it in The Great Taste of Chicago!  The owner, Fran, was behind the register, taking orders, kindly but firmly coaching the cooking staff, and having a ready smile and kind word for every customer.  The place was packed at noon on Saturday, which was a great sign for a new business.  Found out Fran lived in Downers Grove, went to Elmhurst College ... she was always trying to make a connection with her customers who were from Chicagoland.  Fran, don't lose your enthusiasm for being on the front lines, connecting with the customers and you'll have a thriving business.  The hot dog was terrific, and I plan to go back to try the rest of the menu!  The Great Taste of Chicago is a welcome addition to the East Valley.  Pass the celery salt please!  :-)
5	The hot dog was perfect, and the service was even better!  I really need to try the Italian Beef next time!  So great to connect to home!
5	Awesome food!  Awesome service!  Always have a great meal there!
3	Since moving here from Chicago, i have tried a few Chicago Style eatery's in the east valley and this place is close to authentic as you can get.  This is not saying much but if you are in a desperate state of craving chicago style fast food, this place is as good as you can find.  The chicago style hot dog is right on however the buns are not as soft as i'm used to.  They need keep them steamed.  The italian beef is just ok.  You can tell it's not seasoned the same as what you'll find in Chicago and the meat has not been sitting in its au jus for hours as it should be.  Also the giardiniera is not quite the same.  I still have not found that Hot Chicago Style giardiniera anywhere in AZ.  The fries are crinkle cut which is fine as well.  I'm used to having the home cut with the skin still on, fried and dumped into a paper bag to soak up the grease.  The biggest disappointment is the high price.  In Chicago you can get a hot dog and fry for about $2 (unless you get it at Wrigley).  Here it's almost $3 just for the hot dog alone.  I paid $9.50 for a gyro combo (fries & drink) and almost fell on the floor.  So i guess if you are craving Chicago fast food and have extra cash to spluge, go eat here.  I thought i would never say "splurge" and refer to a hot dog in the same sentence!
4	Nice place...great service...good Chicago dog...next time I need to ask if they can make it with a snap link. Would definitely go back!
4	Burgers are very good basic burgers with a nice crust from the grill, the perfect amount of char.Hot dogs were typical Vienna Beef dogs - this is a plus.Fries are crinkle cut frozen and are cooked well with no oil aftertaste.  The staff and owner seem like great people.
5	I love this place...The hot dog was perfect.  I would recommend this place to anyone, I made my friends try it and they loved it, they never knew what a pizza puff was and an Italian beef was something new to them too.  The owner is really nice and I like feeling like I am back home again.  Give this place a try!
5	If I could give it 6 stars I would. Family run business that recognizes its customers as they walk in the door and does everything to make each patron feel like customer #1.  The hot dogs are amazing, I want to try some of the other items on the menu but haven't been able to pass up the hot dog whenever I am in the area.
5	Amazing friendly service and great food!
5	2nd time here with my family. The food is excellent. Being born and raised in Chicago I am so happy to have found the taste of home where I now live. Don't pass this place by if you want a great meal.
5	The owners are very friendly and love to have new people visit their place!This is the kind of place I would take my kids to or have a casual lunch with my wife. They have great, simple food that anyone can enjoy.
5	I've been a yelp member for a while and am also a restaurant owner but have yet to write a review. But I HAVE to take a moment to write this one. I went there about a year ago and loved it. Quaint and casual, really nice owner (though, I forget her name)  and very good, quick sit down lunch faire.I went in again yesterday and was so happy I did. I didn't see the Owner there but the staff was just as friendly and helpful. The place is super clean, efficient, simple and organized. Alot of small places with the kitchen open like that look cluttered, dirty and unappetizing. Not so here. They had 2 TV's with a couple of remotes sitting around so you are free to change the channel if no one objects. I had a grilled polish dog and a hamburger. Ok, simple food but ingredients are fresh, nice char flavor on the meats and a decent value. They are doing a lot of things the right way here.I'm really happy to see a small business like this one still here a year later and would definitely be back when I am in that part of town and would certainly recommend.
3	The hot dogs are fantastic but the gyros are just ok. My daughter loves the hot dogs here but $3 for ONE hot dog is painful. We would probably eat here a couple of times a month but instead have only been twice ever because of the high price.
3	We tried this place less than a week after it opened under the new owners, and being Chicago natives, we are very critical on this type of food, comparing everything to the Chicago institution, Portillo's. Our family tried the beef, hot dog, and a burger. The meat was all cooked and seasoned perfectly. Our biggest complaint had to be the bread. It was just too thick and overwhelmed the meats. Fran was very nice and we loved the decor, reminded us of home. We would probably try it again when in the mood for Chicago food, but not overly excited about it.
4	This place WAS very good. I tried to go here yesterday, and there was a small sign in the door saying it has closed and will re-open as a Mexican restaurant. Alas.
