2	For the record, I don't give out two stars often.  I'm not a "ranter" by nature.   However, I feel it is my duty to warn the public that this place sucks.   First of all, try calling to get an appointment and you'll see that the average hold time is over 6 minutes -- they answer, then put you on hold.   Second, once you get in for an appointment, assuming you are early or on time, you are waiting in the outside waiting room for a minimum of 20-30 minutes past your appointment time, and then they bring you into the inner sanctum to wait another  15-20 minutes.   I'm not basing this experience on one visit; I am sharing with you the average time I've waited over the course of the last three years.  Why the heck do I stay?  Because, thankfully (knock on wood), I'm seldom sick, and the place ifsclose to where I live.   But after the last experience, which spurred this review, I'm saying ENOUGH - right, like the bad J-Lo movie - ENOUGH!  We have choices in this world and this should not be one of yours.
1	This place waited until I was completely out of my prescription before telling me I needed to come in for an appointment before they would refill it. Then, they couldn't make me an appointment for a month! This is too long for me to wait - I need my medication now. They also didn't inform me that my doctor moved to another practice. They don't care.
1	I have called this doctor several times over the last 5 years for an appointment because they were the only family doctor near my house.  They always offered visits at least 3-4 weeks out!  I need care now, when I'm sick, not next month.  I have finally found a new doctor in the neighborhood, Dr Runbeck, he's also called Laveen Country Doctor.  He is actually a naturopathic doctor and offers alternative natural treatments and regular prescriptions (if needed), which I like MUCH better.  He is such a nice doctor, I am so glad he has opened an office in our area!
1	I called my doctor for a refill and they said call the pharmacy. I called the pharmacy and faxed it over to my doctors. I called the doctors and they said they didn't get it. I called the pharmacy and they faxed it with me there. I call the doctor...well you get it. Finally they said it takes 72 hours. Really!? And they couldn't even tell me if it could be called in for a refill so I asked so do I just make an appointment to make sure and they couldn't tell me. I'm not the professional here, I need some assistance from you and the next appointment was so far out I couldn't believe it.
1	I hate having to go to the office, but it is the only practice that will accept my insurance plan and is fairly close to home. I'm most disappointed by the incredibly long wait times and lack of available appointments. Every time I show up for an appointment, either early or right on time, I expect to spend a half hour in the lobby (past my scheduled time), and then an additional 30 minutes in the actual office I'm taken to. Appointments are never, ever avaiable the same week. Not even for issues like UTIs, or known illnesses that just need a quick dose of antibiotics. I got a rare day off work to take care of doctor appointments and was extremely disappointed to find out that the soonest appointment available was 3 weeks from today. The receptionist also asked if I had a preferred Dr. Surprised, I requested the Dr. I had seen last time because I was satisfied with her care. HA! She is booked until July. I just don't understand the breakdown of how this place operates. I imagine it's because of people like me who have nowhere else close to go, have weird insurance, or can't afford the Laveen Country Doctor. I wish I didn't have to go here.
1	I have been going here for about two years now. My wait times are usually long. The waiting room is usually empty when I arrive, so I can never understand why it always takes 10 - 15 minutes to see me, then another 10 - 15 minutes for the doctor to arrive.  There are plenty of thing that still irk me about this place besides waiting: They take a lunch from noon until 1:30 pm, so if you have a lunch break and need to talk to someone, tough luck. Why do they need an hour and a half for everyone to take a lunch? Also, getting test results used to come through email or they would call me. Now I have to call them, then call back several times to see if I need to see the Dr again because I'm still sick. Then they tell me he might be sending me a referral in the mail but they don't know yet... SO I wait for the mail to arrive for a week and nothing.  Do I call back? Has Dr Tran decided whether I should get a referral yet? It's so strange. I am buying myself a car today just so I can go to see a doctor I don't have to walk to. This place is far too disorganized.
1	I called to make an appointment for my husband today.  First of all when I call the line was busy!  I called back 15 minutes later, to be put on hold!  Once I got to speak to the scheduler, I wanted to make an appointment for a established patient.  Because of my husbands work schedule they couldn't get him in until July 11.  Oh but wait, because Dr Cardenas has left, he had to have an appointment with another Dr. So it is considered a NEW patient appointment to establish with the new Dr.  So cant have that appointment until July 18.  Mean while there are prescriptions that need to be filled, and they cannot be filled until July 18.  Lets hope my husband doesn't DIE while waiting to get these prescription refilled. SOLUTION: Dump Westline Family Medical Center, and do somewhere where firstly the receptionist DOESNT SUX WITH ATTITUDE, and go somewhere you can be seen timely.  We are changing Dr's already got an appointment set up with Dr. Cippola down the road!!
