4	This is the first time this season that I have been here to the pool. The monkeys and I decided to really enjoy our day off and head out to the pool. The M Pool was on our minds.This pool is great for little ones because they have 6 inch deep sections around the pool and lifeguards very close to jump in if needed. They have also made local ladies who are 21 and over free (WAHOO!). The cocktail servers are gracious and ready to lend a helping hand and if you are nice they will try to find you an umbrella if you ask. The drinks are reasonable (32oz pool drinks for $15...cheap by pool standards) and pretty tasty (I love the Pina Colada, Coco Cabana and Bahama Mama), The only complaint I have is that the food off the menu is pretty nasty. We ordered the chicken caesar wrap, french fries and chips and salsa. The wrap had too much Parmesan and the fries were positively glacial....it also comes in to go boxes which doesn't really help keeping the food hot. The chips tasted like cardboard...but the salsa was decent. I will be back but I will definitely go upstairs to the Vig or Hash House before ordering at the pool. Overall is was a great time and will be back weekly.
4	On a recent trip to Vegas to visit a friend we decided to visit the M, It was free for all ladies 21+ local and non local. They provided towels and plenty of lounge chairs. The pool bar offered plenty of frozen drink choices for about $8-$12. It was early so I had a couple beers for $6 each. They had at least 10-15 waitresses but it was still hard to get someone to take your order so I ended up going to the bar. The do offer a limited menu of burgers, pizza, salads, wings, and a few other items. Typical bar food, but I think they cook it on the other side of the hotel, because my burger was a little cold and my fries were past their prime, I'd recommend eating before you go, but it's nice to have the option if your hungry. We went on a Saturday afternoon, there were a lot of people but we were easily about to find a couple lounge chairs together. The crowd was primarily young families and middle aged couples and groups. Most of the guests were not in great shape, this is not the pool where the young and beautiful go, or the hot spot for singles, at least not on a Saturday afternoon. I think the waitresses were the only ones without stretch marks, belly bulge, saddle bags, saggy boobs, or some odd body hair. It was pretty relaxed. Overall I think it's a great option for local folks to hang out at a nice pool and have some drinks.
3	This is the only place I go to the pool because it doesn't have that club feel to it.  There are about as many families as there are meatheads walking around.  They do have a club pool called Daydream but I've never been in there.  It's $10 for local guys but on holiday weekends it's free.  The pool is great but the drinks are way overpriced and the waitresses suck.  I just sneak my own booze in anyway so I'm not too concerned.  If there were more drink specials I think I'd tack another star on here.
1	Maybe its me but I dont like paying $17 for two 12 oz cans of beer just to listen to some 20's something cookie cutter rock band belt out about angst in the 21st century. Why do Casinos need to rape people for drinks?Wont be back there for pool side music unless they get their act together with respect to quality of music venues and sane drink pricing again.
4	One of the only pools that still allows locals in!Beautiful setup and they enforce the craziness. So it's relaxing. And it's away from the strip!The whole no outside drink policy blows though.
3	This pool is nice if you want to get away from the whole pool clubbing vibe other hotel pools have. This one has a ton of space to it, and families and children are able to be present at this one. I like the mix of the 90s-early 2000s music they got, ranging from hip-hop to pop. Their drinks menu as well as their food is a little pricey for being somewhat located off the strip, but the ambiance of the pool is nice on the weekdays if you're looking to go catch a tan on that side of town for a couple hours.
4	The Pool is free to locals. Not on one specific day, not at a specific time, but all day. I had originally put everyday, but Teri C. brought it to my attention that others have said that it only applies for weekdays. Since I went during the middle of the week, I cannot verify. Next time I go, I will be sure to ask and update. Instead of doing the reclusive, swimming at a private pool, Jack W. and I ventured out to the M. Instead of paying a ridiculous cover charge for an over packed area, some friends have raved about how nice it was over here. With two long shallow pools, and a hot tub, it is obvious that this is not a place for actual outdoor recreation. It is nice if you are looking for a place to lounge out in the sun, grab a few drinks, and wade in the cool water. The abundance of lounge chairs will guarantee you a space. Getting one that is in the shade and away from the hot Vegas sun is another story. Every time one cleared there is someone else rushing to take it. Be ready to move quick or push down some families. The Pool is well staffed with cocktail waitresses. Even though we did not drink, the prices looked reasonable. A 12oz. mixed drink cost $9, 16oz. $12, and a monstrous 32oz. for $15. Food is also available and reasonably priced. The only downside is that people tend to be careless. Leaving trash everywhere, it is common to step on a cup that has sank to the bottom, or a beer can floating on top.
2	Came here with a group of friends for a girls day out. Thankfully there are plenty of chairs for sunbathing. And the music is pretty good. But the servers suck. I was surprised by the attitude of some of them. When we wanted drinks we just went back into the casino since they serve $5 drinks 24/7 at the bar inside. And those drinks were nice & strong. I was also surprised at how many people were here with kiddos. I will have to bring my little guy here since he would love the wading pool & having several playmates. But we will go to Aria pool for our next girls day out.
4	I'm quickly becoming a big fan of this pool. Not only is it super close to my house, but it's not crowded, not a "scene", and free. My fav time to go is around 6pm (pool closes at 8pm). Most of the pool area by then is in the shade and the sun is just beginning to set. Plus, there are only a handful of people using the pool at this time. And like other pools around town, I just walked right in and grabbed a towel. No one even looked twice, asked if I was a local, or anything. (Though, granted, 21+ females are free all the time apparently.) Paying $6 for a domestic beer does suck, but it's less than the Strip pools and not at all an uncommon price for Vegas. But two hours of pool time and two beers for all of $12 is a pretty inexpensive chill time in my book.
5	Well this visit to the M pool was much better. We had a comped VIP cabana. They are awesome. Plenty of seating for me & my girls. there were 8 of us. The VIP cabanas even have a private jacuzzi & shower!We all ordered lunch & drinks. I had a yummy lava flow & chicken quesadillas. They were both huge! And not very expensive.Everyone was really happy with the food & drinks and we are going to make this a weekly thing hanging out poolside this summer.Cant wait to come back!!
3	While the VIP cabana was awesome, the service was eh.  The waitress completely messed up our bill that is my drink was on someone else's bill, someone else's food was on another person's bill, etc.  It would have been better if we would have all paid cash and didn't let her make a tab, which she fubar'ed anyway.We were all charged an automatic 20% tip, which given that it took so long to settle the bill (40 minutes), was annoying to say the least.  She misquoted a drink to my friend, but I did not hear her tell her that it was a misquote later, but offered her the reduced price.  Thus, when I ordered the same drink and stated the price of it (i.e. I want that ten dollar drink special that she has), I was unpleasantly surprised to find it was $5 more.  I wasn't trying to get one over on her or anything, but she could have easily corrected me and I would have choosen a different drink.     Honestly, I would go again, but I would not spend nearly as much on food and drink.  Not worth it.
5	Nice sized pool with tons of cabanas and top notch drink servers.  You will enjoy soaking in some rays at this place.
3	Check in was a bad experience. The catering and corporate office started off horribly but ended well when a manager took over. Check in girl had a really bad attitude (Eb%$y)...I mean really bad. GREAT pool and the rooms are cool. TRACTOR bar is way cool and the hash house is really really good (get the BLT)  Great sports bookThis is a 4 star if they get some smiling happy people at the  front desk.
4	First time at the M and was worth it. Just far enough away from the strip to smell clean and untouristy. Although there were plenty of shaved chested guys with horrible tattoos, and women with fake boobs (and horrible tattoos) to make you think you were on the strip, alas, you aren't.Clean, open, well decorated and free to get in.The staff were very friendly and attentive. We had a cabana in the Day Dream area (adults only). We got there relatively early and by 1 pm the place was rockin. Dare I say a bit too loud, it'd be nice to be able to talk rather than shout. The cabana was nice though - couch, center table,LCD TV, fridge stocked with water and energy drinks, and a safePrice-wise not bad, bucket of domestics was $25, most regular sized mixed drinks were $9 and I think the large size was $12.Food was good, at least as good as you can expect served poolside in 100 degrees.Some of the female servers need practice on smiling but ours was really nice and she was tipped well. Overall a good experience, worth the drive out there for a little sun and fun - and maybe a few shots and good people watching
2	I don't understand why the off strip "local"casinos do not have any deals for locals. Its $ 10 per person if you at not staying at the hotel to enter the pool. Last summer we got in free on several occasions so I'm not sure what changed. Too bad
4	Beautiful, well maintained, and relaxing. Not as crowded as the pools on the strip either. I'd prefer more shaded seating, and possibly some better music (the dayclub area had decent music, but the normal pool area was a bit painful on the ears). Overall, it is nice though.
4	I am actually just reviewing the Day Dream pool area at the M Resort.What I like:The lounge chairs are not bought and paid for, I went to Marquee last weekend and everything worth sitting on had a high dollar value. At the M you can grab any available lounge chair without having to pay a fee for it. From what I understand the cabana prices are not that  bad either, and being a local Las Vegan everybody knows the difference between strip prices and local prices.  Great atmosphere, the DJ spinning on Labor Day weekend was great and it's definitely not quite as much the "scene" as the strip area pools are which is a welcome change for locals who just want to chill.  It can get crowded so come early if you want a chair but otherwise a fun day spent.  Oh and it's 21 and up.
4	Im in love with this pool lounge! Theres a stage built in on one end that makes u wish u were attending a summer night concert there. I love the diff shallow areas of the pool bc it gives u the option to laying in the pool and shutting your eyes for a few mins without the fear of choking on water or drifting further into the shallow ends of the pool. Maybe that wasn't the best description but it's something you'd definitely wanna check out. My only tiny con is that the smell of chlorine in this pool is suppperrr rich. I know it's necessary to keep the pool clean but it was quite overwhelming during my last visit..
5	Cisco Live 2011 customer appreciation concert featured two bands I actually like - OK Go and Train. Just imagine thousands of geeky middle-aged white men in blinking sequined hats by a huge pool at a rock concert. It was a sight to see for sure. I've never been to a concert and gotten this close to the performers. Somehow I always knew OK Go was a great live band and they showed it with well-meaning nerd jokes to boot.Between bands, there was a Cirque du Soleil-esque show in the middle of the huge pool that got everybody's attention. Minus the thundering soundtrack, shimmering laser lights, and skillful acrobatics, I think it was more the barely-clad teenagers' tasteful pole dancing that attracted all the eyeballs. It is Las Vegas after all.Then Train began their set. They rolled through the hits like "Meet Virginia," "Calling All Angels," and "Hey Soul Sister" but really geared up for "She's On Fire" with an all-girl chorus from the crowd. Did I mention there was free alcohol at this event? The girls rocked it out though. Train's signature song "Save Me San Francisco" rang true at an event sponsored by a company based out of and named for the Southern California town. Then Train threw down a red-hot medley of Led Zeppelin's "Ramble On" and Lou Reed's "Walk on the Wild Side" which was unexpected and truly spectacular. I'll never forget it.
4	Four stars is a solid score.  I came here for a friends B-day party.  We had about 15 guests coming in and out of a VIP Cabana.  Great Deal.  To get a cabana you have a minimum to spend on food and drinks (alcohol counts), I believe it was between $500 and $600.  Not too bad split between 15 people.  A bucket (6) of beers was $25.    The Cabana had a TV, fridge, a safe, a tiny hot tub, lots of seating.
3	Great spot for locals. But the cocktail waitresses are kind of rude. Even on a slow Saturday, they never even asked if I wanted a drink. And once they close, they're so quick to ask you to leave.
5	Amazing atmosphere very friendly service over all great. Mike the bar tender super great service.
5	Rented a VIP Cabana for the day with the M resort. What a great deal!  Our server was great and the food was great as well. We ordered so much food to feed 15 of us, as well as drinks, and it was absolutely fantastic! I would def. recommend this for everyone!
5	One of the advantages to being a Las Vegas local, are access to the resort pools.  The M Resort has an awesome deal for locals in the summer.  $10 for locals, but women can put their name on a list, and it is free entry for the rest of the summer.  Sorry guys, you still need to pay every time.  However, the last time I came, a friend had rented a daybed, and it was free but there was a minimum of $200 in food and drinks.  Well, a huge group of friends came out and did not have to pay entry because we all said we were there for the daybed under our friend's name.  And between the 20 of us, we definitely spent way more than the minimum requirement.  Best of all, the food and drinks were delish! The pitchers of margaritas and mojitos were pretty potent.  They did not skimp on the alcohol at all.  I also love that it is so kid friendly.  There are these huge entrance sections with only 10 inches of water and is the perfect place for the little ones to just wade in and splash.  The crowd is also a lot more laid back and chill than the strip resort pools. There are also a ton of families.  But, my favorite perk is the fact that it is not a long hike to get to the pool from the parking structure.  The servers are super friendly and we rarely waited to get anyone's attention.  And if you are a guest of the hotel, definitely make time to relax poolside, soak in the vegas rays, and enjoy a cocktail.  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 50/100*
5	One of those best kept secrets of Vegas. IE the pool here is awesome.We went to their day club for a birthday. No hassle at the door. The music volume was perfect so you aren't going deaf.The staff was great.It wasn't overly crowded.And the day beds that fit 4 people were only like $150 (which counted towards the drinks).I would definitely come back here.Btw when you walk in to the casino from the valet, just keep going forward and down the stairs and the pool is right there.
4	When it comes to love for locals, most hotel pools have none. You either have to be a guest or pay an outrageous entrance fee that takes some money out of your booze funds. The Pool at the M has many wonderful qualities, but the fact that locals can get in for $10 is number one.Sure The M is a bit out of the way, but totally worth the drive and $10 to get in to a pool that doesn't look like a human Petri dish. If you like the Petri dish experience, their club pool Daydream is an option, but since I'm over the age of 25 and look at poolside drinking as a marathon and not a sprint, it really doesn't interest me.There are technically two pools side by side which is nice if you want to hop out of one to avoid screaming, splashing children which they have an abundance of, but not enough that make me not want to come back here. The lifeguards are pretty good at keeping wild children at a minimum. The pool is surrounded with generous seating, cabanas that are reasonably priced and a few in-pool lounge chairs that you can probably only get if you're there first thing in the morning. You can probably get as many towels as you'd like upon check-in, but I usually just get two. The only draw to this place is the painfully slow service. While the attendants are pretty friendly, they are slug slow and I'm not sure if it's because they're inattentive or the bar is just backed up. The bar menu is reasonably priced and has a variety of pretty standard poolside food and beverage. My strategy is to pick up a menu on my way to find seating, determine what I want before I sit down and be ready to order as soon as you can flag a waitress down. An even more efficient strategy is just to order all of your drinks at once, or at least two at a time, so that you're not waiting in the balance for upwards of 40 minutes.Overall, I love this pool. Despite the mediocre service, it's a chill (and CHEAP) scene for boozy summer tan sessions.
4	I went to the M Resort pool back on Memorial Day. The place is great for locals and families and apparently lots of others already knew that as there were plenty of  people around. We got a daybed and had to spend at least $150 in food and beverages, which wasn't a hard with a total of six of us. The food was decent -- typical bar-type food... the wings were hot and crispy, the southwest chicken wrap was basically a chicken caesar salad in a wrap. There was nothing "southwest" about it. The caipirinhas were good and strong but the white sangria was way too sweet.It was an excellent way to spend the day. Despite the large crowds it never felt too busy. There was always room to swim. For adults who don't want to deal with the kiddies running around, the adults-only pool is steps away in a fenced off area.Excellent pool, mediocre food.
5	Fun party pool. The buffet is the best in Las Vegas. Highly recommended.
5	What a great pool! We were in the VIP Cabanas up by the stage. The service was great and timely. The pool area was kept very clean. The temp of the water was perfect and not too cold! I ordered a club sandwich which comes on a flaky & butter croissant, with turkey, lettuce, tomato, bacon, Swiss & avocado. You had a choice of sides, French fries, fruit and one other I don't remember. I chose the fruit, which was fresh & refreshing. I felt the prices were reasonable for a hotel pool. Overall a great day!
5	What a great hidden gem in Las Vegas!  A little bit away from The Strip, The M Resort has a gigantic pool for everyone to enjoy, and a 21+ area, too!  It's $10 per person for locals and definitely worth the price.  Awesome service, delicious food, and strong drinks, too!  My girlfriend and I were there this past Sunday and it turned into quite the party, with an awesome DJ and champagne sprayed everywhere.  We went to the Caesars Palace pool the next day and my girlfriend's first remark was that M Resort even has them beat!
4	I went on a weekday and there was not a lot of people there which was great. A lot of the chairs were available. It's $10 for locals and they put you on the guest list so that you can go back whenever you want. The pool is big and they play music over the speakers. The drinks are pretty much the same price as anywhere else but the food was a bit pricey and was just O.K. It's a great place for locals to get away from the Strip.
5	The pool is salt water so you don't spend a week washing chlorine out of your hair! The rooms was extremely clean and the view was spectacular. We had a room overlooking the pool and the Strip and the view at night was amazing!! I will definitely stay here next time I go to Vegas!!
2	I hadn't gone yet this year but was greatly disappointed when I was informed at the door, that they are now charging locals $20 for the right to get in and spend more money on cocktails and food. Its not unlikely to spend $50 or more bucks on food and beverages on an average day. It is a beautiful pool and not too heavy on the party atmosphere so it had been a good option for a nearby day of relaxation either alone or with the family or friends. I/we won't be hanging at The M Pool this year. Too many other options around town.
3	The food here was satisfactory and decent for a Grill by the pool. Before ordering, I had questions about the menu items and asked Rosie the girl cashiering. Rosie was not well trained and did not know about any of the menu items I asked about. The prep cook Erica was very knowledgable and very helpful. Without her being around to answers questions I don't think I would have ordered any food from the Grille. I guess while we were still figuring out what we wanted Rosie put through an order and I told her I hadn't ordered anything yet. She said " You did order and now I have to void this order" acting like I had seriously inconvenienced her. I ended up ordering the turkey burger and my friend ordered the grilled chicken sandwich. I liked that the turkey burger came on a wheat bun, but the turkey party was under seasoned and the accompanying cranberry mayonnaise way too sweet and tasted artificial. The side of fruit was sad and not fresh at all. About 15 minutes later my stomach started to hurt because I know my stomach didn't like the food I put into it. At this point I wanted some type of compensation because of the service and because I was unable to enjoy the pool and which is why I came here in the first place. We went back to the Grille and asked to speak with a manager. The Assistant Manager named Mike asked why we had called him down. I explained the whole situation to him and he said he can't give any type of refund without showing the food to the chef. I had already thrown the food out and was not going to dig through the trash can. I told him I was in the hospitality industry and he was handling the situation in a poor manner. He once again he said unless we have the food their was nothing he could do. To me it's a simple situation to handle. You know the customer is upset and not enjoying their time at your facility so the worst way to handle it is to say there is nothing you can do. After this, I was even more hot and bothered so I made my way to the front desk where I spoke to Krista. She listened to my concerns and said she would call another manager up from the pool. Once again Mike shows up and the Pool/Nightlight Manager. Pool Manager said I would have to fill out an incident report before receiving any money back. I did it even though I had no type of food poisoning and all I needed was a little Pepto. Both men once again apologized and said we hope to see you again. This should have been an easy fix to a simple issue but instead it took an additional 30 min to get any type of compensation. I wanted to check out Jayde Fuzion and the Spa but after what had happened I was ready to leave.
1	Four of us came to the M pool on an empty Thursday afternoon looking to BUY a cabana. We were instructed to wait for the pool ambassador, after waiting, and waiting, and waiting, we asked if we can get a few drinks and wait by the empty bar. The check in girl didn't have a problem with that but the bored security guard on his phone did. So after waiting a bit longer at the check in desk, we left. Terrible customer service, never coming back!We to used to go to the M pool a lot back when they first opened, when they took care of their locals and industry people. I has been a while since we been here so now they charge $10 per person on weekdays, even locals. Which I totally understand, but for such and empty casino and a location so far away from the strip, wouldn't you want to be a little more accommodating and nice to the locals?!?!
4	Very nice, clean pool. Friendly staff, too. There were a couple of pool parties going on for children and the lifeguards were working very hard to keep the children safe. Relaxing atmosphere.
4	Awesome pool, really big area and looks amazing.  Pools are heated and bars and drinks are close by.  Great place to relax and being your family.  If you're young and want to party, probably not ideal because it's so off the strip.  But if you want a in and talking time, great place.  Music is great and has a day club atmosphere minus the young people.
