1	This place is disgusting. I got bitten by bed bugs and the management didn't do a thing. I'd rather sleep in my car.It is pretty cheap. The offer weekly stay for around $150. The room has a living room/dining area, kitchen with full size fridge and stove, big bathroom and a separated bedroom.
4	My kids and I are in a transitional period and needed to stay here awhile to save some money for a new home. The staff in the office were nice and accommodating. They even give you a cute little "welcome home" gift pack :) Calls are free local and long distance. Full kitchen, furnished (nothing fancy but comfy and decent in my place...if you want their newer remodeled units you can pay a little bit more, but I have their standard apt) They have a large pool that is super kid friendly and there is a pool monitor that requires all visitors to sign in. She takes no nonsense and is attentive. I've only had one maintenance request and was told to allow 48 hours for completion, but they arrived in an or so. Granted, there are some people wandering around or in the building that may be down on their luck, but you have to "live and let live". The manager Penny is really nice and she goes out of her way to run the The Suites well. There are a few things that could improve such as the pool furniture, but as far as being in danger continually, I've haven't seen that. I'm not saying it never existed or isn't a possiblilty, but the security and staff try to keep the place safe as possible. You have to understand that there is no credit check. With that, you may get people that don't respect the property or the rules. That's the gamble and this is Vegas. But for a single mother like myself that had my home sold from under me and no money to move on a whim to another home in a short amount of time, this was a good money saving decision that kept my kids and from being homeless as well as them remaining in their school zone. I have absolutely no roaches or bedbugs. If you are someone that has lived here and unfortunately been exposed to that, blame your neighbors. When I have seen a resident complain about being bitten by something in his couch, the staff took action and they treated the problem. Bedbugs and roaches can be in 5 Star Hotels. If someone brings them, then that's the end result you know? Roaches are the same way. If you live by someone that has them, I don't care if you live in the nicest apt complex ever with tons of amenities, roaches you will have alongside your nasty neighbor. So.....I can only tell you that my experience thus far has been very favorable. It was tough losing my nice home, amenities and spacious accommodations. My neighborhood was safe and I lived in a gated community. This transition has been very difficult. The kindness that the staff has shown us and my cute little apt here has saved us tons of money and in due time my children and I can move into another home. In the meantime, The Suites has been a blessing :) * * *
