4	I think I might just be addicted to facials now, so if you're ever wondering what to get me for say my birthday, anniversary, or a "just because I'm awesome" gift,  etc, you can't go wrong with a facial. I bought a deal off www.doozyofadeal.com, which is sort of like Groupon and got a half hour of pure bliss from Tiffany as she worked her magic on my skin and a mini massage to boot. The decor of the spa was faaaabulous and I wish she would take over my house and just redecorate it to look like her spa. Highly recommended if you need a little pick me up.
5	I went there for microdermabrasion and had the most awesome experience. Paul's made me feel very comfortable. She was so down to earth and gave me great skin care information. I cant wait for my next appointment. I highly recommend Skin of Dreams to everyone. Thanks again!
5	At Skin of Dreams, you'll have an amazing spa experience.  It's lovely, soothing and inviting; Paula keeps my skin looking fabulous and I enjoy every minute of my visits with her.  I've had microderms and light chemical peels and my results are fantastic. Paula is wonderful - she offers great skin care treatments, great skin care advice and great skin care products.  Skin of Dreams has exceeded my expectations in every way and I highly recommend this spa if you're looking for professional, personalized skin care.  Thanks Paula, for always adding your extra touches to make sure I'm comfortable and relaxed and for helping me to look and feel my best!
5	Paula is wonderful and made sure she gave me the correct facial for my skin type. I left feeling refreshed and relaxed!
5	Paula was born to be in this industry.  Not only is her own skin perfect, which is always a huge plus when you're trying to get your own skin back on track, confirming that this person might know what she's doing.  But, she is so very kind, warm and remembers every little detail from the visit before regarding your conversation with her during her services.  She is great at telling you what she's doing to you before she just starts going to town on your face and has a very gentle touch, not forceful or painful.  She is very quick and always bright and happy, welcoming me with a hug upon every visit.  I would highly recommend Paula if you're looking to make a change with your skin or just want some good R&R!  She knows what she's doing.
5	Purchased a Groupon for a Brazilian Wax with Sandra.  Very pleased with a meticulous and as pain free wax as you possibly can get!  Scale of 1-10 pain: 1.5!  Will be going back next month and excited to try some of her other skin care services as well!
5	Paula is amazing!!! First of all, she is so easy-going when it comes to scheduling an appointment. My mom bought me the Yelp deal for Christmas, but I was going to be out of town for a while. When I called to make an appointment, everyone was busy, but Paula got back to me with a text pretty quickly. We then organised everything over text and it made it really easy.A few weeks later, I came in for an eyebrow wax and microdermabrasion. Everything was wonderful. The waxing didn't hurt at all, and the microdermabrasion was so relaxing. The room  was really comfortable and made to help clients relax with it's soothing colours, candles, and light music. Paula prepped my skin with soft scrubs, masks, and lotions, and then proceeded with the microdermabrasion. Before she started with that, she told me that it would feel like a cat's tongue licking my face. She was right, it totally did, so it felt a little tingly but not painful at all. Afterwards, she helped sooth my skin with a few other masks and lotions/moisturisers. Did I mention she also have me a wonderful head and neck massage while the masks set? Everything was fantastic, and my skin never felt better! After the procedure, she sat down with me to talk through the aftercare so I would know how to protect my skin and know what to expect. Everything was so perfect!
5	PAULA gives the most amazing facials! She is meticulous, and takes her time giving the best facial possible. She always has such a good attitude and energy about her too. Coming to get a facial from her is a relaxing, revitalizing experience. I won't go anywhere else for a facial!!
5	Had a last minute appointment for a facial and micro derm appointment. It was amazing! Ambiance was great, facial was delightful and had my skin glowing, price was appropriate without a hard upsell at the end. I'm now on their mailing list and they're great about sending out offers without badgering. Highly recommend! Only downfall: it's a small shop and so if you're looking for a girls pamper together time, this might not be the best option.
5	Just being honest. I used to go to Euro Wax center for my brazilians and thought they were good, but never felt comfortable. It could've have been because they seemed just want to get it done and move on to the next customer. Who knows?! So I stopped going. I decided to hunt down a new location and Grouponed for Brazilian waxes. Oh the bravery. I lucked out w Skin of Dreams and had Sandra as my waxer. Ladies, I highly highly recommend her services. Yes, Brazilian waxes hurt either way but there was something about Sandra that made me feel comfortable enough to keep returning. It is true the more you go, the lesser it hurts. Either way ladies you don't want to shop around your lady parts to find a great waxer. Just go to Skin of Dreams and request SANDRA! You won't regret her kind spirit and great services!
5	my  wife zoozie made an appointment and saw Sandra and  honestly she is the best, she will make you feel comfortable and  safe  during your procedure ,she is a true professional . I highly highly recommend you use Sandra because she will leave you with a positive feeling especially if it's your first time for you. so make sure you ask for Sandra for the best Brazilian of your life. keep up the good work Sandra . my wife loves you
5	Have been to see Sandra for three Brazilian waxes and a HARD CORE awesome chemical peel.Yes, waxes can be painful, but ladies, this is as close to painless as it gets! Scale of 1-10 is a 1.5, maybe a 2 in certain spots still holds from my first appointment review.I am really picky about salon services and can assure you that Sandra is super detail oriented down to finalizing any strays with a tweezer if necessary. No bumps, no soreness.Go see Sandra and you won't hesitate to make this part of your regular beauty routine.She also did a great chemical peel on me. I am Mexican and have dark spot sun damage in places.  She evaluated my skin and used her expertise to choose from a variety of chemical peels she has available. Yes, I was red, raw and shiny for about a week after, but then the new, "baby" skin came through and my skin has remained clean and really healthy looking since.
5	Had the best experience getting a Brazilian! For those of you who have had one before, you know that's hard to say! The place is very nice and inviting. Sandra made me feel so comfortable, I booked my next appointment with her as soon as we were done!
5	I just had my eyebrows done by Tiffany and absolutely love them---- She picked a great color that accents my face/hair. Very enjoyable experience mixed with great conversation.If you are considering getting permanent makeup, Tiffany is your girl!Wish I would have done it sooner.
5	Sandra is fantastic and very easy to talk to. She always makes me feel very comfortable during my appointments. Her prices are seriously unbeatable and scheduling is as simple as a text message. I love this place!
5	Walking into the salon I was immediately greeted by Sandra.  She introduced herself, gave me some new client paperwork to complete and then we had a 'mini consultation' on what to expect during my wax appointment.  Sandra was extremely professional and friendly.  The salon, lobby and bathroom was very clean.  During my wax session Sandra was great at keeping you engaged to take your mind off of being waxed!  I high recommend going here.
5	Sandra is awesome. Thorough but very gentle when waxing "delicate areas". I also started getting her pumpkin facials which are awesome. She takes good care of my skin, head to toe ;-)
