4	NOTE: I meant to review the one at Indian School just west of Central!QT. I don't even know what the Q or the T means. But this place beats 7-11 and AM PM hands down. Huge parking area. Lots of gas pumps. Assorted bums and snot faced teens. Uber friendly and uber efficient staff. Clean. Clean. Clean. Free air and water for your car. Those yummy Totino frozen pizzas. Every kind of Dorito known to mankind. Assorted bums and snot faced teens. And really, the staff, English speaking. As a first language. I don't mean that as a racist remark, it's just nice when you're in a hurry, and your'e just trying to get your Tecate, Frito's and Bubble Yum and there's no communication barrier. QT. My little convienent cutey store. Oh, hey, maybe that's what it means. Hmmm....
5	I love the "hi" and "bye" when you enter and exit the store; not because I feel welcomed, particularly, but because I appreciate the business model and human psychology behind it*... it's a prime example of GREAT leadership and well-thought out business practices coming to fruition. Also, there are always cops there (which I think is a great thing), it's very well-lit, and it always pretty well-stocked. I also really love the ice selection (one of which, in a certain part of Texas, is called "Snowman poop". Seriously. Denton, Texas.)And, Thomas, it means QuikTrip. Durrrrr*In retail, the more effort you exert in making individual, verbal contact with a customer, the less likely they are to vandalize, steal, or otherwise decrease the bottom line. Also, it increases the consumer's confidence and trust in an organization by giving a face to the relatively faceless mass that is corporate America.
5	Their frozen drinks carried me through last summer. They have free air (for your tires) and water (for the radiator) at every location I've ever been to. Their hot sandwiches, though greasy, aren't TOO greasy and actually taste like food. The coffee is pretty good, and they have more ways to tart it up than Starbucks does. QT frickin' rocks.And BTW, the QT stands for Quick Trip.
4	QT has basically mastered the art of the convenience store. They are always clean, fully staffed, and have a huge selection compared to other chains. There is a wall of every kind of gum and candy one could imagine, and just to indulge, they not only allow, but encourage the mixing of frozen drinks and sodas...yumI also like the "crowd" system that they use at the checkout. Instead of forming a single file line that snakes through the floor, the customers waiting for the checkout just gather near the register as the cashier handles them two (at least) at a time. Pure brilliance.Did I mention some of the best prices on gas in town?Rock on.
4	What's not to love about QT...everything you need and the ability to make any kind of drink you want.
4	If there's one thing I like to do, it's start my morning off with an old fashioned! QTs donuts are by far the best I've had - particularly the old fashioned. I'd tell you to try one, but that means you'd probably be the dick that takes the last one so there is none left for me. So...try another type!Like most QTs, this one has all the great things that most QTs have. Their food is usually fresh and their drink selection is good. Nice staff, clean premises. Overall good place to go!
5	This review can be applied to any and all Quick Trip locations.  I have, on many occasions, gone out of my way to stop in QT over other gas stations, because not only are they much much nicer, but they are very clean and offer a ton of gas station fare (drinks, shakes, coffees, juices, snacks, etc).  I really appreciate how quickly they work, with cashier's that are able to take care of two customers at once.  I usually abhor using gas station bathrooms because, let's face it, we've all been there and seen how putrid they can be, but whenever I visit QT they are always clean! They mop, sweep, clean the bathrooms, windex the doors...and for that I applaud you all, thanks for the cleanliness:D
5	No complaints.  A good QT in a not so good neighborhood.  But the quality of the QT remains high here, clean, well lit, safe feeling while on the premises.
5	Yeah, its as good as it gets for convenience stores.
5	Great service !
3	Not the best area and not the cleanest QT.
4	This is a well operating QT. I would prefer there be better customers though. At least there are always police vehicles in the parking lot. Good free air too.
5	Perfect location and the manager clearly cares about the appearance of the store since it's always spotless!
