1	The staff stated that this was "not a store for kids," which is why they said that there are over 300 magnets at a young child's eye level with profanity and sexually explicit photos and comments. My child just learned her first bad word from the magnet. The two staff members laughed at this fact and said the management "does not care" because the magnets are a best seller. One of the staff members also commented  that parents show the magnets to kids because they like the humor. She said "only 10% of customers complain about the magnets on any given day." This same staff also complained earlier to me in my visit that the video cameras are on the staff at the register instead of the customers, "who are the ones who steal everything." Please give your business to another store.
5	I am a little confused how they can possibly get any negative reviews because this store is the coolest place I've come across in a long time. I am honestly turning into a regular because they have something for everyone!I am writing this review today because the last time I was in I witnessed another customer yelling at the employee for some of the merchandise the company carries and I cannot disagree more. Sure, the store isn't 100% for children.. but the way I raised my children was not by sheltering, but teaching. Putting items above children's eye level..? Where exactly would that be? They are going to learn it all eventually so why not be the one to teach them?! The employees here are all so great to me every time I go in! They seem to always be working on projects so I feel bad because they always stop what they're doing to talk to me but I love it at the same time! I keep bringing friends in to see all the craziness and have a blast every time.One thing I do wish It'sugar offered was more items that are aimed towards men. There's really not much, not even the super hero clothes were for men so that kinda bummed me out.. OH, and have different colored bags.. maybe a more neutral color so I can still use it to gift wrap for someone who doesn't like pink.
1	It's.... gross!  It's Sugar is a cute looking candy stop in the mall that is filled with candy and novelty gifts.  In actuality though, it's a  showy store front for incredibly low-quality candy at ridiculous prices.  I bought a small bag the other day ($8 for a tiny bag) because it I thought it would be fun to take some to my fiance but in the end, I threw everything away.  Of the much variety I had, only a few were worth eating.  Everything else was some imitation junk for familiar favorites.  For example, the chocolate covered peanuts are the lowest quality I've ever tasted.  The caramels are gross.  The red nibs that look like Red Vines... inedible.  I could go on... Only the bins that was specifically labeled with brand names like 'Chewy Spree' and 'Peanut M&M's' were of any quality.  Oh, and I guess the jelly frog types of candy were decent.  If you end up in this trap, only pull from bins that have name brands labeled on them.Last note... the girl behind the counter wasn't very friendly... which probably didn't add to the experience.  Her fake 'have a sweet day' when we checked out didn't make up for it.  Advice: if you don't love kids and interacting with people, you probably shouldn't be working in a candy store.  DEFINITELY won't see you there.
1	With extremely rude employees, very overpriced candy, and kid inappropriate products I am left wishing I could give a zero rating.... I tried this place several times just to make sure it was not a single bad experience. The corporate office does not care either. I, along with another customer, called to express our concerns. They could care less. They run a business with little regard for the customer. As long as new people come in they are happy. This is not a place I will visit again.
5	I have been in this store several times, my kids love it so I always go around Holidays and birthdays to add a little something fun to their gifts. The store is adorable and colorful and everyone is very helpful, however there is one associate that goes above and beyond to be courteous and helpful, her name is Bertie, you can tell she loves her job and is a pleasure to see at the store each time I go in! Love this store and reccomend it for gifts!
5	This is a very cool store, you can find just about any type of candy! The best part about It's Sugar is the outstanding service!! Today it seems like customer service hardly exists and it's a shame. On Monday night a couple of my friends and I visited this store when they were getting ready to close. I felt bad and told my friends we should come back another day because I am also in the customer service industry and I did not want to interrupt their closing duties. Kathy, an employee of It's Sugar, insisted we came in and shopped. Kathy had such a great attitude and made my experience very memorable. Thank you very much Kathy, your doing a great job! I will defiantly visit It's Sugar again.
5	I was surprised by the girl who worked there (Katie). Not only was she a joy to talk to but she had literally tried everything in the store. Great customer service.
4	I needed candy corns in April for a cupcake project and found them at IT'SUGAR. This place brought me back to my childhood with the coke bottle gummies and assorted flavored shoestring licorice. There's also a rack of candy cigarettes and other childhood novelties.I found the candy corns but had to dig deep in my pocket to pay for them. They were priced almost three times higher than at Wal-Mart and tasted the same. I hadn't found candy corns anywhere else in April so I reluctantly paid for them and was on my way.5 stars with lower prices.
4	This place is fun and has all sorts of goodies.  And candy that I have not seen in a LONG time.  The only thing that I did not like was this rude freaking snobby kids.  Hate freaking rude pre-teen little shxts.  The staff was awesome.
5	This is a really cool store full of candy and all sorts of funny items.  So if you want a five pound gummi bear, a box of "Colon Blow" or even a candy g-string... stop in.
