4	Pole Position Raceway is an indoor go kart track with high speed cars. Went there on a week day night and there was a nice crowd there. This location is new compared to the ones closer to the strip. When you race you do 15 laps and they track your progress, you get a print out on how you did and your best lap and times. It's a lot of fun. Besides go karting they have arcade games like basketball, air hockey, pool, and other video games. If you are going with kids they do different races for adults and kids so you don't have to worry about them going around hairpin turns with guys that think there in NASCAR. It is on the expensive side just to let you know. It's $25 per person. Sometimes you can find a 2nd ride free coupon in the paper or here on yelp, but it's non transferable so don't think you are getting away with a cheaper date! They do offer monthly and yearly passes which is nice if this is really your calling.
4	Awesome!!! Indoors at the speed of 45mph=Great!Make sure you get some coupons or discounts because one race of $25 is alright but once isn't enough. Once you get that feeling you'd want to keep on going and it will get pricey.Very Fun and Would Recommend to all.
3	I have been doing gokarts for awhile and this place is another track in town, its good that its getting popular. The track is new, mostly bare concrete and not much rubber on the ground so not as sticky. Karts are good, all electric actually more torque than gas ones and I am sold on them although they claim 45mph, it isn;t true, it just feels fast, I've done pro-karts and no it' won't do 50, either limited or not enough track, tires did take several laps to warm up. One HUGE downside, there is a switch on the brake pedal and you can't do brake and gas at the same time, it cuts off the engine, so anybody more experienced will suffer for it. Now the staff. The girls up front were very nice but the guy working with the karts is awful. His name is "AJ" and he pretty much killed our experience there, the kid is extremely power hungry and thinks he is the God there. Not going into details but this place needs to get rid of the kid if they don't want to loose customers because of him. It was enough that we will not be going back till they have all good staff. It isn't cheap and I deserve to be treated like a guest  not like I owe the kid a privilege to be there. Other location is good too and there is another track in town not too far.
5	Went on a date with my girlfriend and had a blast!Pole position has faster cars than the usual ones at family fun center places.  The facility is clean and the staff is friendly.I really enjoyed the real time lap times on the jumbo tron so that I could monitor my racing, but the thing that really got me excited was the post race analysis.  As you leave the pit, you are handed a score sheet that shows off your lap times and charts your progress.A 15 lap race is about $25.  We got the 2 races and a T Shirt combo for $45.I would do this again.
5	We went here for my older brothers 30th birthday. We had no idea what to expect but were completely sold on this place by the time it was over. The staff was on point, the cars were fast and gnarly, the prices were just right and they even threw in a free race with a text message. I'm definitely going back.
2	Been here twice. The first time was great because the 6 of us were the only customers in there at the time. Went back today and found they were hosting two birthday parties at the same time. Waited over 20 minutes just to get noticed while standing at the counter. Then, I was told it would be at least another 30 minutes until they could get us in a race. Do not waste your time here if they are hosting any birthday parties. They only staff this place with a couple of people. There is nothing to do while you wait except play a few video games and drink from vending machines. If you pull up and there are more than 10 cars in the parking lot, don't even bother unless you want to kill several hours.You would think for the $20-$25 you pay per race, these guys could pay a few more minimum wage kids to help out. Especially on the weekends! The main issue is the time it takes to go through their registration\check-in process. Then, by the time they get you to watch the safety video and put helmets on all the racers it takes them about 20-30 minutes per group.The plus side is the place is clean. The track and cars are fun to race. It is indoor so you don't have to worry about hot or cold days.
5	I go there with my friends in a group to race and like how they can put us all together and not only that like how they time each lap and have the final print out sheet at the end with your time compared to your friends and everyone who laps the top times of the month. Highly Recommend!!!
5	Always a great time racing go karts, but even better at pole position raceway!!
5	This was one of our Bachelor Party weekend activities that I can actually write about. Initially we went to the other location which is much nearer to the strip, but they were swamped there and it would have taken 3 hours to finish our 3 races that we wanted to purchase. Luckily and fortunately for time purposes and on our wallets we happened to be able to drive to this location. There was no wait, in fact the whole raceway belonged to us, that being a group of 7 guys. The price quote for the 3 race package at the arville location was for 70, but here it was for $60 which comes out to 20 per race. WORD TO THE WISE, it's cheaper here per race.The track was great and everything went without a hitch. The gokarts are electronically controlled and racing suits were not required. Only thing required were the provided rapist masks and helmets. We got shirts at the end of the race also. My only warning is after racing while driving I felt like I could drift and do all kinds of crazy things, but luckily I didn't for the safety of my fellow brothers.
4	My boys are bored, I need to get them away from the computer but it is a little late in the day for a hike and I've been to the gym already. I hate the gym period and twice in a day is never going to happen.So one of my angels suggests PP. Good idea and off we go.It is a super facility with plentiful parking and just off W.Lake Mead and 95 so super easy to find.Inside you arrive in a huge facility with a snack bar, small counter where you check in and buy t-shirts to show your friends what a brave racer you are and a bunch of arcade games. All good.You sign some waivers ,pay some money, 2 kids, 3 races each $120. Ouch.The carts are electric power so the place is fume free, unlike when I were a lad and we drove petrol engined carts indoors, choked on fumes before walking 20 miles in the snow to school without shoes and no lunch.I digress.The carts are fast enough and the track is long enough with plenty of twists, curves and straights to let your budding racer show you his inner Mario Andretti. Times are posted on a big screen so you can see the progress and at the end you will receive print outs to document your skills.We saw friends who were leaving a birthday party where the kids enjoy pizza and racing, they had fun but it was $75 per kid so be selective on guests.We went Sunday afternoon and it was pretty quiet. I guess that is good but after about 40 minutes we were done and I had $120 less.
4	Pole Position Raceway is a lot better than the other indoor kart racing place but I can see some negatives. It's little more challenging so I can see beginners complaining especially if they want it simple.  Any tap on the barriers makes the course go misaligned which is pretty irritating especially when the first turn is a huge bottlenecks and the course gets real messed up there. They can slow down everyone's all karts remotely when theirs a big spill.  They are slow at fixing accidents or spinouts. Also I hate that they'll wave that flag that tells you to let the other karts pass you, I'm driving here with my fist in the air.  Personaliy I don't like indoor kart racing because I rather be outdoors on larger and wider courses but for what Vegas has this place is awesome.  Nice, clean, well maintained, there's ventilation and A/C.  Their equipment are in excellent condition, everything from their karts, helmets, seat belts, etc.  Their prices are standard.  There's an arcade and snacks.I like the giant screen displaying your current time and position so you can see where your at while you drive but beware don't catch yourself starring at it, it located right where the toughest turns are.I'd say they did almost everything right here and would be back.  Great for groups.
4	Tucked off Tenaya in Summerlin, this Pole Position doesn't get the love that the Flamingo/Arville location does.  This place is dead and according to the staff, it's always dead here. But that is what makes this Pole Position, 5 stars in my book.  Once you try Pole Position, all other go-kart places just doesn't compare.  Pole Position is well organized, clean, fully AC'd, and has some of the fastest go-karts around.  Price is a bit steep at over $20 per head, but at least in this location, you get a local's discount.  I recommend Pole Position if you're in that need for speed, entertaining guest/teens, or just looking to do something different in Las Vegas.
5	Love this place every time I go.  Extremely fun.  Best go kart place in town.
5	I like this location better than the one by the strip.  It is cleaner and the staff is nicer.  More for locals so no surprise.
5	This place is definitely hidden in the corner but it was great all the same! The staff is super friendly and the actual racing was so much fun! Once you get the hang of it, there is no stopping you. A little pricey but still a great place to come every once in a while.
1	This place was totally empty and they still would not allow me to race with my son. Said it was corporate policy on weekends. We will never be back as I don't do business with stupid companies. Hopeful the business that replaces Pole Position after it closes will uses more intelligence!
4	Was pretty fun, 50 bucks for two riders I thought was a tad pricey but overall the facility was in nice shape
5	My girls (ages 8 and 10) attended a summer camp session here.  They loved it!  The younger one started out very tentative and the people there worked with her and she was able to become much more comfortable and confident in the kart (and cut her time in half!).  The played games, drove the karts and just had an overall great time.  Wonderful way to spend a few days in the summer.  I hope they do some on the kids school holidays!  We will be back for sure.
1	Time and time again is place seems to have inconsistencies with their policies. When we showed up today, we saw the "text club" advertisement. I texted the club and got an offer for a free race. As soon as you take it up to redeem, they tell you it's not good today because it's a weekend. There's nothing in the text that says it's not valid on weekends (see photo of the text below). It's poor management to offer customers free stuff and not post a disclaimer.
1	This place is very dangerous when there are lots of drivers and there usually is. Not worth a severe neck and back injury. I had a  guy plow into me after the race. And the kicker they serve Alcohol so there are drunks racing with you!
