5	It was awesome! Loved the environment and the food was just amazing.
4	Woah Nelly!What a surprise. Come hungry! A friend suggested this as a Saturday night field trip. So off I went to Scottsdale. I was a little bit worried about parking. There is a lot right where the event is held. But if I were you I wouldn't expect to park there. (It was full around 8pm) There were some folks who parked in the dirt area (which is unmarked) and I only realized this afterwards. D'oh! I parked in regular street parking. Walked on over and was happy to hear music! There was a band playing. I was earlier than my friend and had some time to kill. Music is always a good thing. Later in the eve I started to pay more attention to what they were playing..but honestly all of it was great!Just as a side note...This event is held at dusk and carries into the night. So heat isn't really an issue. And they have a misting station! The kids loved that area! There is plenty of picnic bench style seating for everyone. It's really neat in that folks really talk to each other (as no one really has a private table).I stopped at the back for my sweets (gotta make time for that!) and then meandered around. There was a richness to choose from for main bites. I wish I had come hungrier. Hoh Man I wish I had come Hangry. You know that feeling when you're so hungry you eat more than you actually have room for? Yea, that would have been good in this case. I studiously wrote down the name of the trucks I gorged myself at. Why? So I could hunt them down around town. GOOD STUFF! And I'm hoping they'll be here next week. 'Cause I want to come again :)
3	This review is for the event, not the trucks.  We love the trucks!!  We stopped by the FTC the other Saturday to grab some viddles.  They start around 7:30, so the heat of the day has already started to die off a little bit.  Still warm out though.  Thankfully, they have misting stations up, which helps a little bit.  Hopefully, when the weather cools off a bit and the sun starts to set earlier in the next month or two, they'll change the event time to earlier in the evening..say starting at 5pm.  Only makes sense, right?  The Saturday we went, it was pretty crowded.  We were afraid we wouldn't be able to find a seat for the 3 of us.  Thankfully, we were able to squeeze in at a table. So HEADS UP to the coordinators, more tables/seating please!!  Not everyone just eats and skedaddles.  People stick around.  I mean, this weekly event is meant to be a gathering of people to come eat and socialize, right?  Otherwise, whats the point in having a band?    We'll give it another try since it is right in our backyard.  But I think we'll have our camping table and chairs handy..just in case we cant find seating.
5	We went last weekend and had a ton of fun.  There were about 5 or 6 trucks and all sounded great. Apparently they rotate the trucks every week, so you can go and get something different each time. We got a chicken and rice stew from a Caribbean/African truck and it was excellent. They also had gingerbeer which was so amazing!!!We will definitely return.
5	Awesome! Second time at the caravan and love the quality and the variety! Our problem is choosing! Had the hot link and peach cobbler from Magnolia Smokehouse today and loved it all.  Oh, and great live music! Come on down!
4	The food trucks are there to provide a variety of food while listening to the nearby live music along the canal. NO restrooms, though so you have to cross a busy street and use the facilities in a nearby restaurant. Average meals cost $10.
5	Anyone who knows me knows that I love me some food trucks.I frequent the down town food truck caravan, but since I've started working in Scottsdale on the weekends I have been driving past this set up just waiting to give it a shot.I was not let down.A good number of food trucks, some I have had and loved and some I had not yet tried.It was hard to make a choice. I went with some bar-b-q and creme brulee.  So good.And this set up is nice.Parking is not impossible, and they really let you know your in scottsdale.  They set up an eating area with a Moroccan theme.  Tapestries hanging, pillows ont he floor, colored glass lanterns on every table.  They really pulled out all the stops. Very well done!
5	I was looking for fun things to do with friends we travel with-what a find.  The food was amazing there were eight of us and we all tried different food. We had 2 kinds of lobster rolls from the LobsterLady from Maine both were fantastic. We had food from the Kogi truck the chicken curry and short rib tacos were fantastic. We had the Rich poor boy (shrimp & catfish) from Buzz and Bees truck which was the killer best.  We got tacos from The Herald truck which we're amazing.  The Greek salad from the Extra Virgin truck was great.  The music was great. I spoke to Lori Baker the person who puts this together every week and told her we had a great time - she is amazing.  Oh I almost forgot we also had the hand dipped ice cream cones from the Ranch Burger truck which was a great finishing touch.  What a find when we come next year this will definitely be a repeat.
1	Very disappointing. Over hype under deliver. Bad parking lot layout. No seating. Not friendly. Selections very limited. Save time and eat at a nice Scottsdale restaurant.
3	Overall, the food trucks are hit or miss. You have to try out a few to know which are OK and which are not. I will review a few of the ones that I have tried. I want to start this review by saying that my family and I are not going back to the food truck caravan in Scottsdale and we have been a few times. The biggest issue for me, is that there is no seating. There were available tables but everywhere we sat, a woman ran up and said "you can't sit here, this seating is reserved". I don't enjoy standing around trying to eat and juggle a drink, so I would rather just skip it from now on.  Now for the trucks.  I like the nachos offered by the Command Center, really yummy. The salad offered by the Farm Truck is really good and fresh, great ranch dressing and I don't even like ranch. Quesadilla from Queso good, is very tasty. Cupcakes from Frosted Frenzy are very good. We did try the newest truck, Menime's, that offers sweet and savory waffles. I enjoyed the taste of the waffle, which was nice and sweet, though the waffle itself was not at all crispy, which was disappointing. Also, tried their chicken wings. Did not enjoy them at all, they were heavily floured and deep fried. They have a pretty pronounced sweet flavor and worst of all, the wings were undercooked at the bone. The wings and the waffle were drizzled with a red sauce, which was a surprised as it was not at all described on the menu. I would have preferred the dish more without the sauce, especially I would have preferred that they not put the sauce on the waffle, because I had to eat around the sauce which meant I did not get to eat the majority of the waffle. All in all, it was $11 down the drain as I had to throw the whole thing away. Can't eat bloody chicken.
4	This was fun to go too, definitely ended up spending a lot of money to try out lots of food trucks I haven't been to before.They have live music and places to sit. Its a fun night out with a group of friends. Especially if you can't decide where to eat, everyone gets what they want.
4	As a lover of all things "convenient food" , I stumbled upon this gem. I am a frequent visitor of the caravan on Wednesday afternoons on campus at ASU. This event offers a great change of pace and an atmosphere that makes this one of the most underrated gatherings on Scottsdale Saturday nights.Yes, the lineup of trucks on any given Saturday night can get predictable but nonetheless, there are always a few pleasant surprises from the live entertainment, art exhibits, and most importantly the food trucks. Is it worth the drive all by itself? NO. But being in a middle of old town Scottsdale, the scene lends itself to endless possibilities. But if you are a foodie, then this is where you should be Saturdays. Bring lots of cash and empty bellys and you will be sure to leave very satisfied.
1	Grilled Addiction - oh Yuck! I paid 14.00 for 3 greasy, overcooked, UNseasoned, fatty, fatty lamb chops on a bed of salad greens than wilted from the temp of the chops. A squirt of aioli mayo (or whatever it was) did not have a prayer to save this dish. It was by far, the BEST and BIGGEST looking truck on the lot but geez, hire a COOK, will ya? Bleh. I will keep these boots awalking right past you next time.
5	I love everything food trucks and live music Tonight FTC was excellent...There were about 8 different food trucks each with great meal options as well as dessert options The ambience was great because everyone was friendly and very nice...I could not make up my mind on what to eat tonight so I visited each and every truck to look at the options as well as meet the people in the truck...Each truck was great! Very good attitudes and very helpful customer serviceI really enjoy that about food trucks- you learn in-depth about the products and you learn about the people behind the food..Finally I made up my mind and went with the pizza truck, Saffron Jak...The guy that helped me was very down to earth and pretty much woo'd me into the pizza... I went with the Mr. Hand pizza...It was covered with ham & pineapple...The crust was thin and interesting because it was like a sesame seed thin crust... The size of the pizza was perfect for my petite frame haha but I'm sure 2 people could share one... The pizza was about $8.50 and I really don't mind the price because I feel like I am paying for the ambience, the history of the food truck and the food, and the great pizza... I was very happy to see that there was seating provided during this event as well.. We will be back soon...
2	Well..it wasn't too crowded at 9pm, but out of the eight vehicles on property, we only had five real food trucks. The Grilled Cheese folks had a food van, the Chinese guys had a nasty trailer with their name scribbled on the side and my choice of food was the food trailer from Sweet Magnolia. At least that trailer looked professional - I'm not sure how Wok n Roll made it past inspection...that one was a roach coach. One truck in the corner was serving two items, another was only ice cream and a burger truck was also on hand and empty. Nobody cleans the tables, so when I sat down, I had to toss aside the disgusting table cloth littered with food particles and eat just on the table.There is no desert caravan as indicated on the websiteThe area is poorly litThe music is somebody's Ipod and a guitar guy played every 30 minutesYou know how there is always somebody happy and peppy outside the trucks on TV inviting you to come over, well this was the opposite. It seemed nobody wanted you to eat at their Trucks..at least at 9pm, but it was open until 10pmSweet Magnolia had good BBQ brisket, but was skimpy on the portions of meat.Overall, it may be worth a visit once or twice year, but it could be better.
1	We missed going to this event for Saturday night dinner. It had been a couple months. We get our food, patronizing 4 different trucks, and try to find a seat. Every table says "reserved" -hum- this is new. A couple at one of the tables said they just sat down since they had no choice either. We did the same. As we are finishing, a woman stating she is the coordinator of the event approached us to ask if we paid $20 to sit at the tables. Of course we were incredulous that people would go to the food trucks then have no place to sit to eat. What fools are giving this woman $20 to sit at her Costco tables? Are people now being required to pay to sit at a street food fair? What is going on? So we said no- then she asked us all to leave. Keeping in mind my little boy was still eating his ice cream. If this is the new style of food-trucking- why not just go to a restaurant? What kind of person is this? The food truck operators at this event should consider moving or finding another "coordinator" since this one likes to treat your customers like criminals.
