5	I don't know a damn thing about my car or cars in general but every time I go to this autozone they put me at ease by helping me get what I need quickly and installing it. The prices also seem reasonable.
5	These guys helped me out with my rear windshield wiper.  They could have just shrugged their shoulders and said they didn't have the part, but they worked with me and tried a couple of different options until we found a solution.  Everyone I encountered was great.
3	They replace batteries.  That is nice.  I have NO idea how they sell anything else to stay in business.
4	They don't have the selection of the enormous Tempe store, but I can't complain about this location. The employees are friendly--even when you do something really dumb like miss a whole shelf full of oil filters--and most of them actually know how cars work! If you need something that's only at the giant Tempe store, they'll call ahead and have it held for you. I'm in here for consumables and detailing supplies all the time. And batteries every three years or so. Well-organized, well-stocked, and the employees are always eager to help find something. If I had one complaint (which I'm not docking this store for), it's that corporate's grown a little bit too excited about the register selling opportunities. No, I don't want any of the three crappy Lucas products on special this month. I do not want them for a boat. I will not put them in my goat. I do not want them, CFO, please take your cross-sells and go.
1	Ive noticed every "good" review is from a hot female customer who needed a battery or windshield wiper replaced. Now, im not saying they didnt deserve or shouldn't have gotten help, but id bet the farm most if not all ladies could find the same success by just asking ANY man. Seriously, buy windshield wipers at walmart and ask the first man you see for help, and your already matching your autozone experience. As for my experience, these guys are idiots. Absolute tools. I walked in and was greated by some zitty black haired bowl cut kid, he simply said "sup". I asked were a line wrench for coolant hoses was and he looked at me like i spoke german, pointed me down an isle and said hed be right there. After ten minutes of waiting for this social reject i headed back up front, where he was talking on his cell phone, completely ignoring his customers and store. As a retail manager i was appalled, i would fire this kid in seconds if he worked for me. This location needs to get their staff stocked with people who actually work and know things about vehicles. I walked out with no product because of this. Everyone save yourself time and hit the o reillys auto parts just directly across the street from this God awful autozone. Either step your customer service up or enjoy selling batteries and windshield wipers to little old ladies, as your business is clearly going down hill. As someone who is big in the auto community, does team overhauls and an engine project every month or so, i will never go to autozone again for ANY parts or advice, and make sure the other 15 gear heads i know do not spend a dime there either. In a highly competitive market you guys should be fighting for sales, esp with an o reillys just a stones throw away. Dont bother wasting the small amount of gas it takes turning your car off to enter autozone on ray rd, they have NO CLUE about actual auto mechanics. Unless of course, you need a battery or wipers. Man i wish there was a "no star" option...
1	I got a firm reminder as to why I prefer O'Reilly's over AutoZone when I came in here a few weeks back. The customer service is ghastly. I came in to AutoZone to return a filter removal tool that I had bought a week before from a different location that didn't fit. The cashier that I worked with was rude a curt with me when I mentioned I wanted to return the part, giving me an irritated look as if I was bothering him. Didn't bother to talk to me at all throughout the return and bruskly gave me my refund. I would say maybe this particular employee was just having a bad day except that this seems to be the norm when I go to any AutoZone which is why I only come to one if I can't find a part that I need immediately at O'reilly's across the street.
3	Its sad that you HAVE to give even one star because I'm done with Autozone.I usually order suspension parts on line from Amazon or ebay because I get top NAME brands, the prices are usually much better, and my status on these sites gains me very fast shipping that has never failed me.So this time, even though the price was a little higher, I decided to order some bushings from my local autozone store at 3920 W Ray Rd. because they told me they would be in by the 17th.On the 17th they had not arrived and I was told it would be two more days.Now, because of my work schedule, I will lose an entire week, not just 2 days.The only option the store gave me was to cancel the order.Great customer service from a company that obviously could care less about their promises OR their customers.I should have known better, shame on Autozone and shame on me.UPDATE!!!I am a fair person so I am updating this review.Autozone contacted me to tell me they had my bushings so I went ahead and went to pick them up, and even though it DOES NOT REALLY make up for 2 days of unexpected down time, they made the gesture to refund my money and still give me the bushings.I will give Autozone another chance as this gesture was unexpected and appreciated.So I upped my grading to 3 stars since even if this might not have been their fault, they took it on as their problem and did what they could to try and make me happy and I thank them for that.
5	You cannot beat the service. Not only did they sell us a new battery for my brother's car at a competitive price, they also voluntarily installed our new one for us. Granted it did seem a little slow inside the store (it was like 8pm), but they went the extra mile to help us out.
4	Needed car battery replacement. AutoZone provided quick service and installed the new battery with no installation charges!
