5	I love my dog more than most people love their kids. I am not one of those dress my pooch up and tongue kiss them type of gals but I do like to pamper my pet. Marley has been hittin Bark N Babies for a just over a year now and he has never looked better! He gets groomed and his cut and shampoo look great weeks later. The staff is always happy to see him and even let him hang in the daycare area after his cut from time to time. They have boarding, grooming and daycare available. Pricing is in line with other groomers.I am happy to recommend them to pet lovers valley wide!
1	This place is close to my house, I've tried it twice and won't be going again. My experience with grooming shops has been that you walk in and can see other dogs getting groomed - this was not the case. This is a two-story house and there's a girl sitting behind a small counter who doesn't do any grooming but takes your dog upstairs to the groomer. Not a big deal, but sort of a weird setting. I met the groomer who suggested a haircut worn by another breed and I turned her down. She'd listened to me and he turned out looking really good. Their pricing was good too.My second experience didn't go so well. The same (and possibly the only) groomer came downstairs to meet with me and poor little Baxter peed on the floor when he saw her. Of course, I'm thinking that I really wish he could talk right about now and tell me why he was freaking out! He's never liked going to the groomer, so I decided to just go with it anyways. I told the groomer to do the same as last time, came back to pick him up and she'd given him a completely different haircut!! In fact, it was the same haircut she tried to sell me on last time, except she never mentioned it this time around and worse - no one called to ask me if it was okay!!! Not to mention this is a really ugly cut! At this point, I'm furious and it was pretty clear to the receptionist who said she could have the groomer fix it but that it would be another hour! Unbelievable and no way was I going to put him through that again! So we left and I vowed never to go there again - I think Baxter's good with that too!
5	I've been going to Bark N Babies for about 4 years.  They always do a good job and the staff has always been friendly and kind.  Any specific instruction I've provided has been followed by the groomer.  The girl behind the counter referenced in another review is very sweet.  She always seems excited to see my dog, even though my dog is not super friendly.
5	We have been taking our lab to barkin babies and he looks great every time!  He seems to enjoy going there too.  They always follow our instructions to the T.  Would completely recommend it.
5	This was our first time at Bark n Babies, it WON'T be our last. We boarded our two dogs there for 5 days while out of town. Prior to leaving them we visited to see the place. It is run by 2 sisters in their 50's. One or both seem to be there most all the time and they both clearly love the pets they care for. In fact, one of our dogs is allergic to most foods. We brought her hypo allergy food for them to feed her. Unfortunately, the bag we gave them was almost empty and they ran out. It was my fault but instead of feeding her the food they have on hand, the owner went out and found our food (only available at a vets office) and bought it for her.  When we picked the dogs up they gave us a full bag and charged us only what they paid ($3 LESS than we pay at our vet). They have an indoor and outdoor run ad well as a lounge room where they just sit and relax with the dogs. It is clean and odor free...about as close to them being home as you can find. These are great people running a great boarding facility.
4	I take my fur children to bark n babies for their nail trim.  it's always so easy to walk in and be greeted by a genuine affectionate person interested in my dogs names and asking about their welfare.  today was no different. i received great friendly service i'm accustomed to by a younger associate who was friendly and affectionate with my zsa zsa.  then she came back to get jou jou.  i appreciated how after their nail trim the other associate who did the actual nail trimming came out to meet me and comment how lovely my fur children were.  she even showed me pictures of her fur babies.  oopsie, zsa zsa decided to piddle in the floor after sniffing around.  the staff was so kind to clean it up without blinking an eye.  i always tip for nail trimming service.  i'd love it if this place were open on sundays.  the facility is always clean and orderly w/o any expensive dog collar boutique merchandise hanging around.  this place does not accept checks which is fine.  i'd love it if there was fun bathtub to wash your own pets in.  this place is a nice fixture in the neighborhood where i live and i look forward to many more doggy pedicures here.
5	I just moved here. Last week I had a horrible experience with another grooming facility while trying to set up a time to have my dogs nails trimmed.The young ladies at Bark N Babies totally made up for that experience by being wonderful. They were friendly and helpful; from my phone call inquiry, to getting the service completed. My dog has had a high level of anxiety since our move from out of state. She felt comfortable with them right away and didn't pull away or cry. She was in and out in five minutes. Once she settles in and is ready for a full service grooming that is where she will go. They just earned a loyal customer!
5	EXCELLENT groomers.  Don't worry about your pets here - they are well taken care of by this facility.  No matter how far you need to drive it is worth the time it takes to bring your pets to them.
1	AWFUL!!!!  I have been taking my 12 year old yorkie to Bark-N-Babies for close to 5 years now and I've always had a wonderful experience.  Even my dog, who is very finicky and nervous with groomers seemed to love them.  Not the case today!  After calling to reschedule an appointment that I blanked on, I asked if I could still bring my dog in, they said yes, 30 minutes later I received a phone call from the owner and she stated that I was "Screwing up her day!" ... a polite, "It's too late for you to get in today, would you like to reschedule" would have suited just fine (my husband was actually on his way to the groomer).  She promptly followed with "we talked over an hour ago...".  No offense, but in the world of technology, my phone log wins over your memory anyday.  It only took a split second for me to realize that this is not an establishment I wish to do business with.  Keep your over priced not so fabulous haircuts!  My fur baby deserves better!
1	We took  our two dogs to be bathed and groomed for the third time. They have always done a good job but they raised the price for both from #130 to $190 with no prior warning. We told them we couldn't afford to pay that much for grooming but they didn't seem to care. We also told them we will never be back. Again, they didn't care. I feel we were gouged.
4	I used to take my teacup yorkie to Bark N Babies all the time (before she died of old age).  They always did a great job and the price is totally reasonable.  They cut was always super cute and she was very clean and smelled nice after the grooming.  I just adopted a new dog and I will be taking her back to Bark N Babies.  I read some negative reviews, and I am surprised by them.  After I moved to tempe, I took my yorkie to a different, closer groomer.  The price was exactly the same, but my dog came out looking horrible!  So, I will never be venturing away from Bark N Babies again...
5	Bark N Babies cares.  I board my dogs here and the staff is wonderful, they know your dog on a personal level and remember you as well as your pet.  The dogs are given alot of love and care as well as play time.  You don't have to pay extra for bathroom breaks/walks like I have experienced at some of the nice well known boarding facilities in town.  The crates/cages where the pets are kept are spacious and are also visibile when you walk in (the door to this area has a viewing window).  I never stress when I take my dogs there.  Highly recommended for your loved furry friends.
5	I've been taking my Cocker Spaniel, Chloe, here for almost two years now. I don't like the traditional Cocker cut so I basically just have them shave her and trim everything down because she has crazy amounts of hair. They keep notes on a card of how I like the cut so it's done the same way every time. I think the second time I came they left her hair poofy on top but I told them when I came to pick her up and they took her back and fixed it without complaint. The ladies that work there are very nice and the prices are reasonable. Comparable to what I've paid at Petsmart but much more of a homey-atmosphere, which I like. They seem to be genuine dog lovers and like to work with animals so I've never worried about mistreatment or anything like that.I've never used their boarding services but the pens seem large and if I had to I would definitely board the Chlo-Bears there.
1	Absolutely horrible. The owner Sharon is miserable. Took my rescue dog here. All I wanted was a close shave, nails clipped and basically just cleaned up. Picked her up 3 hours later and she looked like she wasn't even cut! Her nails were still sharp, her undercarriage wasn't even cut and all her hair was uneven like the clip fell off. I called the owner and she had a horrible attitude. I wanted a refund of the ridiculous price they charged - 50 bucks! She said no way and hung up. I'm calling the BBB, this place was dirty as well.
4	I have been going to this place for a few years now and the service is usually pretty good but my last experience was a little less than pleasant. I have a little Maltese I bring in once every 1-2 months for a haircut, brush and bath. I have never had any major issues which is why I keep going back. Occasionally, he'd have an itchy butt from clipping his hair down to the skin; I'd use an ointment and it would be fine two days later. This last visit, I picked him up and everything seemed normal, so we left. Taking pictures of my baby, as I always do, after he's so fresh and so clean- clean; I noticed his left eye kept shutting. I brushed it off thinking he was squinting from the sun and took him home. Whenever we get home, he usually runs around the house, as happy as can be, and I give him a treat. This time he went straight to bed and wouldn't get up even with the treat I was dangling in front of his face. I looked at him closely and noticed his left eye was completely shut. I took my dog back to the groomers to ask about his eye. One of their specialists came out and squirted some eye flush in it. They said it might just be a hair or soap in his eye from when they bathed him. I bathe him once a week and occasionally I'll get a little soap in his eye. I rinse it out right away and he's fine. I even bring my own pet shampoo for the groomers to use because of his sensitive skin. I took him to the vet the next morning thinking there might be a scratch on his eye, the vet said there was no scratch but it was irritated from way too much soap in his eye resulting in conjunctivitis. I went back to Bark n Babies and talked to Mary Jo about the situation. She was very understanding and was willing to pay for half the vet bill explaining to me that if it were their own shampoo they used, she would have been willing to pay for the entire bill. I feel this is a very fair response because I understand that my shampoo I bring for him for his sensitive skin is not tearless and accidents happen. She recommended from now on, they will use his shampoo on his body but their tearless shampoo on his head and around his eyes to prevent this from happening in the future. I thought that was a great suggestion. All in all, I will still bring my baby back to this place because I love their service and they do a great job grooming him.
4	They made things right.
