5	4 Seasons=5 *****this was spa heaven.  everything was absolutely perfect about our entire experience at the spa.  the changing and relaxation areas are spacious and well stocked.  the shower heads are absolutely AMAZING!  i might have just been happy with the shower massage.  but there is more.  the steam room was OFF THE HOOK.  really, really, really great steam.  i had the balinese sea ritual which involves the signature jamu massage and a full body scrub.  the room was really nice--candles, flower petals, perfect blend of aromatherapy, and relaxation.  and my therapist was FABULOUS.  really attentive and skilled--especially in paying attention to and working through my problem areas.  the therapist gave me the remaining scrub and some extra lotion to use after the massage which i thought was really nice.    the only minus is no jacuzzi.  but overall this was an absolutely phenomenal experience that was well worth the cost ($$$$), but that i would recommend to any spa lover.  i can't wait to go back.
5	From the moment we entered the Four Seasons Spa, it is pure serenity. The women at the front desk were extremely accommodating and professional, and they helped to arrange the logistics of making it to my manicure at Spa Mandalay after my treatment there. My esthetician was PHENOMENAL. I had my first ever salt scrub, and loved it! I can be a little shy during spa treatments, but this woman really did a great job keeping me covered up. I didn't feel uncomfortable for one minute. The Four Seasons Spa was nothing short of spectacular...but it's the Four Seasons, would you expect anything less?
4	The Four Seasons Las Vegas caters to VIPs, that is obvious in every aspect of this hotel and the spa was no exception.  My husband and I both had treatments here, him a massage and I had a stone facial.  He loved his massage and my facial was definitely good, however I was imagining the stone portion to be similar to a hot stone massage and it was nothing like that.  I paid a lot more for this treatment and felt a bit taken.  In addition we both paid $95 for a foot treatment add on which was a total waste of money (my $30 pedicure was more luxurious than this)...The facilities are beautiful though and they do aim to pamper....the gym also looked really nice and is free to guests unlike most other vegas hotel gyms.
5	My first spa experience. I've gotten therapeutic massages before, but never at a spa, let alone one in Vegas. Seeing as though I'm the first guy reviewing this place, I think Kramer's experience best summed up my first spa massage:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_K7XWHbCeABut seriously, the deep tissue massage was top notch. There is a separate men's locker room to get ready where they have comfy robes and some cozy couches to wait in. It's pretty calm in the waiting room, but the TV's still on to catch your Sportscenter updates.My gf and I both got deep tissue massages, hers of the light variety and mine of the medium variety. Our esthetician really worked out the kinks in my back, neck, and shoulder blade. Becca was friendly and just checked to see how I was doing, and kept the chit-chat to a minimum. So those who want minimal banter will like this.The post-treatment  was very cool. I was lead to a little lounge area to kick back in comfy recliners and there's plenty of tea, water(regular and cucumber), and cranberry juice. It is coed, so those who are somewhat shy should probably go straight to the locker room. But the waiting/resting room is very nice and super-quiet. Nice hot showers and plenty of towels in the locker room. And they were clean, nothing like dorm-room showers; but don't worry there are complementary flip-flops for your use. There are plenty of amenities like shampoo, hair products, even razors if you want to shave. A great option as it was convenient to get ready for dinner I had a few hrs later.The staff was extremely friendly from the front desk to the locker room attendants. I think it's just an extension of the service of the Four Season's in Vegas. Friendly, customer-first, and truly everyone(from a novice to massage veteran from Vegas newbie to regular) feels like a king and queen. It's nice to be treated like royalty and this was one of the most relaxing experiences I've had in a long time.
5	One of my favorite spas in Vegas. The Four Seasons is situated at the top floors of the Mandalay Bay Hotel but does not share their spa/pool/fitness facilities. So you truly get the unique and classic Four Seasons experience. Outside pool attendants occasionally stop by to spray you with Evian atomizers on those (soo necessary on those 100 degree days). How 'bout a real fruit popsicle anyone? Each person/group is greeted with a complimentary pitcher of cucumber water (or whichever fruit you like). The spa services are memorable and they're great about remembering you as a quest. You will be utterly spoiled!
4	Best prices for spa services (wet room, gym, etc.), massages, etc. compared to any other hotel I've stayed out.  $30/day for the spa (complimentary for Four Season guests), and $85 for a 20 minute massage.  Elsewhere, you're paying up to $90 for a 20 minute massage!  Yeah, it's $5... but it still makes a difference!  Also, if you really don't want to pay the $30... you could always not mention that you're not a Four Season guest.  Or if you want to pay $30 for two people, there's a back door that's always open through the gym... where anyone can just walk in.  Then two people can share one locker for the price of one.  Just sayin'.The spa is small but very well-kept and clean.  Wasn't very crowded at all, so it's definitely a plus if you enjoy privacy.  The gym is decently sized with great exercising equipment.The best part was definitely the showers and the shampoo.  The shampoo kept my hair smelling great for DAYS.  It was incredible.  Also, the wet sauna room.  Shit was intense but much more bearable compared to a dry sauna.  I loved being able to run around in the wet room naked without having a care in the world since all the other ladies were getting massages and not hanging around in the spa area.I forget my masseuse's name but she was an absolute darling.  The minute she introduced herself, I knew I would be taken care of, in great hands.  She respected my privacy and made sure that I was as comfortable as I could be being naked in a room with her.  She offered me selection of oils with different aromas (I chose Lavender!) and through her, I learned that it's not always about pressure.  Sure, you do need enough pressure, but it's not always banging your hands around to relieve the pressure built up in your neck, shoulders, and back.  She knew exactly where to apply the pressure and although it would hurt at times, I felt great for the next following week.It was absolutely amazing.  She taught me techniques to do at home to relieve back pressure as well; so I greatly appreciated it.  Usually, my back, neck, shoulders are always very stiff and I'm always cracking them.  For the next following week, whenever I tried to "crack" my back, I couldn't!  It was an amazing.If you want to spoil and treat yourself to a massage, definitely do it here.  It was rated #1 spa in Las Vegas, after all!
5	I got a hot stone massage here and it was the best massage that I have ever gotten. Incredibly relaxing and great shower area.
4	OMFG.This place is amazing.I don't like massages, or facials, or anything where someone is touching my skin. LOL! BUT, my mom made me go here when we were on a mom-aunt-cousin weekend. I was VERY hesitant, because the last time I got a massage I almost passed out and I ended up leaving super sore on my neck and back.My mom signed me up for the 60 minute facial. Unfortunately, I don't have any prices, my mom did pay for it. Let me just tell you right now, coming from someone who really doesn't like this kind of stuff, I'm pretty sure I was in 60 minutes of heaven.The massage-lady I had was extremely comforting and nice. I didn't like the steam that they had blowing on my face, so she turned it off. She went through the whole thing and by the end of it, I was in absolute bliss. My skin felt like a baby's butt!!! I felt rejuvenated and relaxed.The best part about the Four Seasons Spa is that they have an amazing steam room and shower area. You are truly treated like a VIP here.The NEXT best part of this spa is that you have access to their exclusive pool afterwards! If you are considering going here for a spa experience - I say 100% without a doubt, GO!
5	So all those girls that go on and on about how amazing gel manicures are and how long they last.... I'm not one of those... usually. Ok I wasn't one of those until I got one from Reesie. Gel manicures usually don't last any longer than regular polish on me as the paint tends to bubble away from my nails or chip off the ends, but I'm over a week out from my manicure and it still looks as goods as the day Reesie did it. Not only is her work impeccable, but she's also super friendly and funny and comfortable to talk to when you're away in your private nail room together. The price is definitely something I can't afford as often as I would like but definitely worth it for special events or when you need an amazing manicure that's going to look good for a long time
5	the total relaxation experience and pampering of body and mind
5	Ridiculously friendly staff, extremely clean, place smells like lavender essential oils. Inside the locker room area, there is a sizable steam room that emits a eucalyptus scent with the steam. Bathrobes and slippers are provided so that you can wear them to your room afterwards. In the lounge area, there is cucumber water, coffee, and a variety of teas. There's even fresh fruit like apples in some areas.
5	Granted this isn't a huge facility with hot tubs and multi head showers and cold dip pool or even a real lounging area, but the massage I got was amazing.  The masseuse was professional and had a good read on what their client likes.  My hubby & I had the same person on different days and my husband likes to chit chat to stay awake while I like minimal conversation so that I can fully relax.  She also has such a great technique and some massage moves that really helped my aching back.  Will totally go back to this spa again if staying at the Four Seasons!
3	I think that when you live in Las Vegas, you become spoiled. We have amazing spas here. The Four Seasons hotel is one of my favorite hotel here, however, I found the spa as just ok because it did not have as many of the amenities that I now expect. For example, there is only a wet sauna (no whirlpool, dry sauna, rain shower, etc). If I could only review my masseuse, Robert, I would give him five stars. Truly, I received the BEST MASSAGE EVER from his talented hands.  I've heard that there will soon be renovations and maybe they will expand their amenities.
