4	This store is kept neat and clean.
2	I recently rediscovered what awesome deals can be found at Marshall's after stopping into the location in Henderson. I decided to stop into this location just to see what other fantastic bargains were available. What a difference between this shop and the Henderson location! I must have walked by a half dozen employees and not a single one acknowledged my presence. Two employees were too busy with a personal conversation to realize they were blocking my access to an aisle. The home furnishings, food and handbag departments all look like a tornado recently touched down nearby. Perhaps there were some good deals to be found but I didn't have the time or patience to try to find them for very long. Next time, I'll stick to the Henderson location.
3	Marshalls always has the cutest sweaters, and I'm not talking hoodie or mom sweaters. I mean cardigan, shell type sweaters to put over a trendy little tank or tee to keep your arms from getting chilly in the winter spring and fall. Pros - aforementioned cute sweaters, designer purses at LOW prices, dresses (hits and misses here...), odds and ends home decor, low prices on designer style clothes (That's the truth, I'm not just repeating the commercial!! Seriously.) Cons - clothing one-offs that have some sort of defect, look out for those pleather fake leather purses that crack over time, never have the cute shoes in my size, if you find something cute in a particular size you might have to dig to find it in another size. Another con is the store cleanliness and employee helpfulness. While there is an employee at the dressing room, and a few at the registers, I rarely see anyone working the floor to ask questions. There is always clothes out of place, and some things on the floor. I have just come to accept that about Marshalls, and I'm OK with it. I just know coming in that I'm here to look, find, try on, and buy. Simple. Regardless, that is why it only gets 3 stars. It ain't no Nordys! LOL Despite that, I'll be back!
4	The clearance sections are a bit messy, but were still manageable. Employees get 5 out of 10 on the attentive scale, but I kind of like that. I don't want to get harassed while shopping.Their items are pricier than the selection at the Ross (in the same shopping center) , but I think their items are better. Their brand name products are also really nice. Additionally, the fitting room ladies are always polite. My favorite thing to buy here are the reusable shopping bags. The $2 ones are such good quality and they are beautifully designed. Their purse section is typically well stocked also.
4	My favorite Marshalls in town. Mostly because it's the closest to my house and has a great shoe department. They also have a great amount of stock that rotates pretty regularly. They also have a pretty good purse section.Staff's ok, but since I'm not a big fan of being harassed by employee's while I shop. Line's aren't too bad and they always seem to have enough lanes open to make sure the line moves quickly.
4	I have been an addict for Marshalls and the good deals I find here.  I mean who doesn't want a bargain buy, especially designer brands?  They carry items for the entire family, including your pets.  You'll find a wide selection of household goods, toys, baby products, hair and beauty supplies, perfumes, shoes, handbags, luggage, and not to mention the clothing...designer brands at that!  Some days are good and some days are a miss depending on what you're looking for.  The only downfall about Marshalls is that the clothing seems to be scattered and disorganized.  They hardly carry size 5-5 1/2 shoes.  You really have to take your time and look through their racks just so you don't miss out on a good find...patience comes a long way when your bargain hunting.  For the most part, its conveniently located in the Arroyo Crossing shopping center where you'll find plenty of parking.  Lines go by pretty quickly.
1	Nightmare... I hate shopping in general but Marshall's finds a way to make it even more aggravating. You want to find something worth buying so bad that you spend way too much time trying. Nothing seems to be where it should be. Were there REALLY no women's/juniors shorts whatsoever being sold in the middle of summer? Because I walked around that store like an ass at least 6 times looking for some. And who's bringing back mom jeans? Cause that's all I saw as far as bottoms. After spending wellllll over an hour sifting through undesirable crap, you rush towards the register before your irritation becomes a threat to public safety and exit with a basic t shirt that may or may not fit, just so you can say it wasn't a total waste of time. And why do the metal handle parts of all the hangers in Marshall's, Ross, TJ Maxx etc all leave your hands smelling that same flavor of awful? What IS that? I probably don't want to know. Shop online or suck it up and pay more somewhere else.
2	Was in the area looking for either a sports jacket or some kind of coat since i dont have one and i'm trying to move away from the hoodie sweater phase. Didnt find either a jacket or a shoe rack but left with an 18 pack of assorted Kind brand fruit and nut bars.Overall they do stock a few things and have a larger selection then compared to Ross which is a few stores down, but Ross has a larger selection and still didnt get a chance to find anything there either.Seriously doubt i'd go back. There was nothing here that caught my eye and in the rush of excitement of finding Kind bars i didnt check the expiration date. Hopefully they're still good, if not then blah..Yelp 100 - 007 of 100
4	I love Marshalls, always great deals there.  It didn't take long to find what I was looking for!
3	This place is really great. I'm constantly shopping here for all of my clothes. They have all of the brands of clothes that I usually wear for half and even sometimes a quarter of the original price. The only reason why does not get four stars is because of the customer service. The people working there are incredibly snotty and act as if they're working the a very exclusive, high-end retail store. They often force their opinion on you when it's not wanted or asked for. However shopping for clothes is fairly self-explanatory so the employees are moot anyway.
4	Was over on this side of town and needed to kill some time, so we walked in to see what kind of deals we could find at this Marshall's location. The store was surprisingly clean for a weekend day and it was relatively easy to shop since everything wasn't a mess. When checking out, the lines were pretty short and moved quickly. Would shop here again if on the south side of town again
3	I go to this Marshall's pretty much just because of it's location. Right next to my parents' house and Ross, Walmart, bed bath and beyond, Ulta, and Michael's are all in the same plaza. Other than that it's always really messy and unorganized.The staff is friendly but a little weird lol I was here the other day and one of the employees was cussing pretty loudly in a joking way? I'm not opposed to profanity or anything but I did think it was a little inappropriate for your work place.
5	I love Marshall's. I pretty much always have to stop by after work. I love everything they have at the store. I'm obsess with all the shoes that they have for adults & toddlers. Requesting more affordable and cute shoes.
4	Marshalls always has good deals, but I hate that the store is very unorganized. I know the store employees can't keep up with all the jerks who pick something out and then leave it in a random spot. It seems that the Marshalls company runs with skeleton crews. It's hard to find help in store some times.
5	I stopped in tonight and had the most pleasant checkout person, Abby!  It's so refreshing to be treated so nicely during the holiday season.  I was greeted as I walked in the door which I thought was a nice touch and the girl by the fitting rooms was very friendly.  Great customer service.
