5	Wade Lee is an extremely talented stylist and makeup artist. He can provide clients with anything from top-of-the-line glam to basic, easy to maintain good looks. He is as familiar with the latest trends as he is the timeless basics. Friendly and unassuming, he has a great eye and a keen sense for what looks best on his clients and what they can maintain on their own. Unlike many stylists with his gifts, there is no mega-ego at work here. He never dictates. He listens to his clients and works with them to get the look that is right for them.
5	Wade Lee is amazing! He went above and beyond on my wedding day! He is not only way less expensive than almost everyone else I priced out for hair and make up he included a free trial and did my sister's hair and makeup for a VERY reasonable rate! He drove up to Sedona to do my wedding for a small additional fee and due to a small snafu he was the one who ended up helping me get in my wedding dress! My family has totally adopted him and he made everyone feel special- not just me! I can without a doubt say that my wedding day would not have been the same without Wade there! I am not just a very satisfied client I feel I made a new great friend!!
1	Wow. Wish I could give negative stars. This dude is an absolute joke.I think some reviews from another site are completely fake. Schedule my appt online, showed up and he was working on a client. Told him I had an 11I clock appt and even showed him my phone. His laptop apparently showed it was scheduled for the next day. He forced himself to squeeze me in next, so I waited 25 minutes for him to finish with his client. Big mistake,I knew I should have left. He first complained that he had to do my hair during his lunch break. And wow This was the WORST haircut I have ever had in my life! He rushed so fast, washed my hair with a 2 and 1 shampoo and conditioner. who does that? No leave in conditioner, my hair was so tangled, he hacked thru my hair trying to comb so hard, I could tell he was so frustrated, he was grunting. Then he chopped off my hair shorter than I wanted! The end cut looked like someone tied my hair in a rubber band and just chopped it straight!Ughh I specifically said that I wanted smooth blendable layers! He took the straightening iron and did some quick sloppy curls at the end to hide the mess he made. It was horrible.he didn't care, apparently he's moving to nw York.  he knew how terrible it was and charged me $20 instead of $45. I can't believe I even paid. Worst ever, thank God he's moving
