1	This is a tough one. The staff, is very very friendly. The construction of the property is another story all together. I feel a little bait and switch action going on here. You can definitely tell that this was designed to be a cheap dorm room.. I'm sorry, a profitable business venture. It's clear all the money in the property went into the amenities like the pool area, outdoor lounge areas, club-house, etc.Where they went on the cheap? The actual apartments. I'm from California where we have codes, and rules for building homes so they are structurally sound and reasonably soundproofed. This does not seem to carry over for this particular property. Oddly enough even though this property is advertised as a "Luxury Apartment Community", the construction was nothing short of a mile from that. The walls are so paper thin you can hear your neighbors talking, sneezing, coughing, same floor, across the hall, and when it comes to anyone above you: anticipate feeling like the couch and a wrecking ball are going to come straight through the floor at any moment. The unit I attempted to rent was never lived in before, brand new, and as advertised to be a "Luxury Apartment". This is absolutely ridiculous. The construction was so shoddy, I ended up taking more photos of what was wrong with the apartment then my 20 year old home I was looking to move away from. Walls gouged, countertops chipped, bent shower rods, paint overspray on fixtures, paint on the carpet. The washer and dryer? oh boy. They have ruined nearly 85% of my entire wardrobe to date. Simple solution, ask for another units keys that is vacant to do laundry. Not viable. This merely caused the same issue, as the property company clearly bought the cheapest washer / dryer combo's (likely refurbished units) because they had electrical grease in all 3 units I attempted to do laundry in.How about common things like, you get a garage you should be able to use it right? no. 18 days and still no garage as promised and as stipulated would be provided in documentation I was given. The garage I was assigned was nowhere near my residence, and had been propped open for nearly 11 months. considering this place is supposed to be brand new and they are pushing the whole its perfect thing you would think they would keep things nice and clean and operational. nah. Yes, it gets better! My car, which was supposed to be parked neatly in my garage (that i couldn't use) had some very precious belongings stolen from inside. And, my car has sustained damage from debris flying from the construction site next door and from inconsiderate neighbors who decided to hit my car without leaving a note.I have learned via neighbors on fb, and our community form and in person that now several other incidents of theft and breaking have been pretty frequent. This community is in North Phoenix, so I was assuming safe? guess not. Infact, you don't need any type of keycard / key / pass to get on to any floor of any building on the complex. This is likely the reason for so many recent breaking to both garages and cars. I've yet to mention the firedoors on each floor of the buildings, and the gates to the common areas slam like vault door being closed at 100lbs of force. Anytime someone comes in or out of the common area below, SLAM. and I'm woken up. 10pm, 3am, whenever anyone wants to wander about.This has been an absolute nightmare, and unfortunately a few paragraphs can only touch the tip of the iceberg that is my horrid 19 day experience here. (I'm still waiting 2 weeks later to hear back from any of the staff or management).
1	If you are looking to lease here... Don't waste your time and money...I absolutely despise living here.. To start, the walls and ceilings are paper thin. I can heard my neighbor every morning at 5:30a walking around/closing his drawers in his bathroom, and I can hear the people above me walking around all day long-sometimes they don't stop walking around until 11:30p...Needless to say I can never get any sleep.Also, a bunch of my clothing had been ruined by grease because of their washers and dryers. The leasing agents don't do anything to help other than say "sorry". Sometimes they don't even email/call you back. So I guess I should say you'd be lucky to even get a "sorry".I'm currently in the process of hiring a lawyer to break my lease. Don't waste your time or money here. You will be very dissatisfied...
5	I find that your perception of Elan is either  the wrong  homes or simply you felt a need to devote an entire Blog to " Elan " The  staff is incredible and the sounds are simply  because there is construction .  I know that I have the pool view and yes on Saturdays I hear children playing at the pool but I would find that as a plus . You may consider some of the adult communities , or simply a Sun City residence .  I moved to the Elan from Optima Camelview , I have 4 years there and other than a pricetag of 23000 for the same square footage I have  found the amenities at Elan to be  nicer  by far , the amount of screaming ASU  students on any weekend at 3AM  at the Optima could drive anyone  insane .   This is my 3rd month at Elan , I overlook the pool and you are terribly mistaken . The vehicle  being  scratched without a note is certainly not the onus of the  complex simply something that could happen anywhere in the USA .i I would categorically  dismiss each negative comment and statement emphatically, that you must have an agenda , early lease break ??  wanting more  than the 300-400 monthly  rental concession ?   I would say that in a 60 day search and  after 10 years of renting in Scottsdale / Phoenix , I have found the Elan to be above and beyond in all aspects .
5	awesome condo complex, great facilities, pool... very relaxed and quiet but close to dinner & nightlife!
1	Slapping me with a bill for $9,000 after moving out since they ignored my requests for help. Disgusting organization. I work for a Fortune 500 company assisting customers daily and making sure you at least acknowledge a concern is step 1.  I have never seen such absolute disorganization and chaos at a rental property. I've lived in dorms, apartments all over the country and this takes apartment living to a new low. They do a great job of dressing things up to make you think its awesome. The few that have commented positively here have managed to do so mysteriously and conveniently within a few days of my posting my accurate depiction of the experiences I have. I have e-mail, video and phone proof of the ridiculous amount of neglect shown at this property.
