3	This place is pretty small.  I wouldn't expect to go in there and try on something in front of a mirror so that the tailor can check it out.  This is the kind of place you go only for dry-cleaning items, or if you know exactly what you need altered on a piece of clothing.That being said, I feel they did a good job with my belongings.  I had them let out the sleeves as much as possible on an old winter coat and I was pleased with the results; however, I get the impression they're pretty straight-forward and stick to what you asked for - what I mean is, there may not be much finesse to their work, but it's good work.I can't remember what I used to pay for dry-cleaning in Michigan, but while the prices seemed reasonable, somewhere deep down I thought they could be cheaper.  I would use them again, though - primarily for cleaning.  I might hesitate on more detailed tailoring requests.
4	I used this place for a while, but now having moved to Shadyside, I can't see myself making the trip down to Forbes. Anyway, the biggest plus for this place (and why I went there in the first place) is that they have same-day service. In by 11am, done by 5pm. Fantastic! That alone makes it worthwhile.On the other hand, they wrote my last name in black permanent marker on the bottom of the button seam (no clue what that's called) every single one of my dress shirts. Why?? This wouldn't be such a huge problem, but they did it on my white shirts that I don't wear tucked in! And the black bleeds through to the front. Not cool at all.So, go here if you need a quick turn around, but ask them not to mark up all your clothing!
4	I've used this place for dry cleaning and laundry and have been satisfied. Their prices seem fair and the service I received at the Shadyside store was very welcoming and friendly.  My stuff was ready the next evening, which was another bonus. They did write my name on the bottom of the shirts, which I think is ridiculous and inappropriate, but that is my only real complaint.
2	Took my boyfriends suit to get dry cleaned, when I picked it up I had to wait a really long time which was petty absurd because I was the only one there and they had 3 employees behind the counter but only 1 doing work. The price was reasonable but when my bf put his suit on, he noticed they had written his name in sharpie inside all the pieces - even the back of the tie. Even though the markings weren't visible, it was sill irritating. We found a really awesome dry cleaner (Runners) which was always reasonable, the owner (or manager) was always friendly and remembered your face and name. We did a lot of business here but sadly the Greenfield location closed. Footers has so many locations in Pittsburgh in convenient locations but it is definitely worth seeking out some other place.
5	I've been using this store for about a year now. Recently I took a very dirty cashmere sweater of my husband's, who carelessly spilt glue and other unidentifiable sticky stuff all over. It was navy colored sweater and the yellow glue residues stood out like highlights! I tried to take these off at home, but gave up. Even when I took it to footer's, I truthfully did not expect it to come clean. The owner lady said she would do her best and she kept her word! The sweater is 95% clean now - their work far exceeds my expectation. Plus, the owner lady is always nice and helpful.
4	I have not extensively used dry cleaning services in other locations but last year I started using this one. They are very professional, I have always had my clothes well cleaned (button shirts and blazers) and the prices are very reasonable. Furthermore, the time frame you are given is very reasonable. The only thing that might put off some people is the fact that they write your name with a pen on the clothes. Of course in a nom-visible place, but still I do not think this is necessary. However, I think I will keep giving my delicate shirts to them :)
