5	Been taking my dogs here for 5 years! Dr Marsh is extremely passionate about my dogs, and has saved my labs life a couple times (she likes to ear rocks). My dogs get so excited when they get to take a car ride to see Dr Marsh! He is always on time and super friendly. Wouldnt trust any other doctor with my babies!
5	Like most pet owners and animal lovers finding a great vet is extremely important as well as pretty stressful. When I moved here from Texas I was dreading finding a new vet because I had a great one in Dallas. I took my dog Lilly to Dr. Marsh and couldn't be happier with the experience. The facility is always very clean and the staff is very knowledgeable and  friendly. They were great with Lilly and I could tell they actually cared and it wasn't just a job to them. Dr. Marsh was wonderful and I will be taking Lilly to him from now on.
1	Was recommended by a different vet that did not perform the services that my dog needed. Set up an appointment but they called me 3 days later to change it to be 15 minutes earlier. My first thought was, "is 15 minutes going to be that much of a difference?" Well apparently that's all they slot you for! A 15 minute session! They were supposed to do a urinary analysis and draw his blood in 15 minutes?! Just called on my way over because they failed to inform that the street they are on is under construction- dead stop for 3 miles. So I would either be right on time or 5 minutes late. Well that would cut into my 15 minute appointment. The receptionist asked me what I wanted her to do about it... Nothing lady I am going somewhere that actually gives their pet patients the time of day. I am now at a new vet that took their time seeing my fur baby and thank goodness for that!
5	I have total confidence with Dr. Marsh taking care of my 3 dogs health. We have had Dr. Marsh taking care our dogs for the past 15-20 years. He has saved our dogs lives and been there for us in sad times, too. He demonstrates compassion and truly loves animals. He makes sure to check up and see how our dogs are doing after receiving new medication, and even sends reminders when they are due for shots. He even has treats for them once they are done with their appointment. I have nothing but great things to say about All Pets Animal Hospital- they definitely have my recommendation.
5	Best vet in Arizona. Ignore the negative reviews. Despite their dissatisfaction with the very small office staff, the vet is worth his weight in gold!!!! He is a genius and worth any minor inconvenience.
5	Have taken my dogs to Dr. Marsh for over a decade and would never take them anywhere else.  Great Vet.
5	I adopted a very sickly lab mix 8 months ago and took him to Dr Marsh before even taking him home. The dog was suffering from severe secondary infections throughout his body as a result of allergies. His previous owners just couldn't afford the time or money to care for him properly. Dr Marsh was so patient and caring and took so much time with our "little man" and explained in detail what he thought were the dogs issues. If you could see the before and after pics you would be amazed! Rugie is a work in progress and we'll be dealing with his allergies for the rest of his life, but we feel we have a partner in his care. We've been seeing Dr Marsh for over 4 years with our other pets also, and I couldn't give him a higher recommendation. I never feel rushed, which means there might be a longer wait for him to get to you, but I like having a doctor take time with my pets.
