5	One of my favorite Fry's stores. Excellent meat and produce department.  Always clean
1	My sister and I went to this Fry's today. This was my first visit to this location and last. My sister went into this Fry's to use an e-coupon that Fry's had sent her in her email. It was good for 40% off one home item which included furniture. She was after a Samsung 46" television that was marked $633 before the e-coupon was taken off an additional 40%. We first waited 20 minutes for someone to assist us in the electronics department. Then once the gentleman came to assist us after customer service had called for assistance two times. He told my sister that her e-coupon would work and she could indeed use it towards the Samsung television since to Fry's it was considered a "home" item. However, when he went back to the stock room to get her a television in the box- new. He came back out and said "ugh, I am sorry to tell you but all we have left is the floor model." Then why did he mislead my sister and I when we asked him if the floor model was the last one and he told us no. Then he dropped another bomb and told my sister that he checked with another employee when going to retrieve a television from the stock room that did not exist after all. That her e-coupon was not valid on a television after he had already clearly told her that it would work on the television because it was a" home" item.  I would not go back to this store EVER again. It lacks serious attentiveness to detail in it's employees and the employees need John Flora (Fry's president) to intervene and give the individuals at this store some more training! I would pass this Fry's unless you are ready for a hellish experience.
5	This store was nice.... Maybe you should relax and understand people make mistakes...either that or stay in snottsdale to shop ;)
3	I'm not the Grocery Store type of Girl... Enclosed Spaces, Processed Foods... Not my cup of tea if you get where I'm going with this. This is the ONLY Location in Gilbert that I can grind my own peanuts (or Almonds) for REAL Peanut Butter, So I visit once a month just for this reason. This Location does have a lot more than the surrounding stores and even other Fry's. Nice All Natural Section! If you dislike Grocery Stores like I do... I would recommend this Fry's over any other Grocery Store.No matter what I'll never give up my Local Farmers Markets for REAL FOOD.
4	This Fry's is right next to my work, so I hop over here for a quick bite at lunch. They are doing a lot of renovating right now and the organization of the store makes no sense. However, it will have a sushi bar and be much bigger when they are done.
5	This one of the best Fry's Marketplace in the East Valley.  They recently completed their remodel and it turned out beautiful ! If you shop in Gilbert, this has the best prices and values.
4	Fry's-my choice for groceries. Fresh food, clean locations, helpful staff, reward points for $$$ off fuel! Hard to beat.
5	They redid the entire store. They now have a full sushi bar with amazing sushi! They also now have a wide variety of foods and brands. If you're looking for something particular that most grocery stores don't have, this place probably has it.
5	This store is the best Fry's around by far. The staff is phenomenal. The store is always so clean. The bathroom are clean and smell great. They always have what you want in stock. They have a full baby section with cribs and all. Great store, great selection, great place all around. BTW I DO NOT work there either.
1	This is the slowest pharmacy ever. They go from one phone call to another completely ignoring the customers who are waiting in person. They quote wrong wait times which are often doubled. I'm not sure what makes them so much slower than other pharmacies.
1	Where do I start. The checkers are rude, the pharmacy never opens on time and takes 2 hours to fill a prescription.  Also they are remodeling who remodels during the holidays I could not find anything such a pain.
5	I don't normally write reviews about a grocery store, but I had to praise their sushi and the excellent team who makes the rolls!!! I sent my hubby to this store tonight for a sushi run, they have some great rolls and if you don't want to go out this is a great place!!! Well the hubby didn't know exactly what to get so he called me and was rattling off selections etc., well one of thee gentlemen who makes the sushi helped and got on speaker phone with me and the hubby and it took just a few seconds to get what we wanted and all because he went above and beyond to help!!! Just amazing service, whenever I stop by they are always great, but this to me sets them apart by far!
2	Big store. They even have a furniture store and sell fireworks. I just dont like it how the workers follow yiu around like you're going to steal something or do something crazy. I took a picture of something and a second later a voice yelled "what you doing?" really loud. I turned around and it ended up being a worker which i believe was a supervisor who was looking at me really angry. I dont think they liked non-caucasians coming here i didnt feel welcomed at all. Last time I come here. If they didnt sell fireworks i would have given them 1 star.
