5	I felt very taken care of, everybody was so kind.
5	I have been going to see Dr. Woodruff for the past few years. I have to say that of the dentists that I have been to throughout my life, Dr. Woodruff is by far one of the best. Starting with his office. The atmosphere of the office is not stark, but rather is warm and inviting. For those that are a bit nervous going to see the dentist, this is a welcomed change from other dentist offices. Now to the employees. Every employee that I have dealt with is also warm and inviting. Even when they are busy, each person takes their time with you and helps you feel at ease. And, they are extremely professional and thorough in their respective responsibilities. Finally to Dr. Woodruff. The pictures of Dr. Woodruff on this site, and on his webpage, capture his personality well. He is friendly and open. Again, a welcomed change to other dentists who seem cold and clinical. But, Dr. Woodruff's friendly attitude does not compensate for lack of expertise; on the contrary. Dr. Woodruff is extremely talented in his field of dentistry and is always increasing his knowledge and techniques to stay current. Overall I give Woodruff Dental a 5-star rating because they deserve it. I have been to their offices numerous times over the past 3-4 years and have never had a bad experience. Personal example. A few years back I had a wisdom tooth break right before Thanksgiving. They scheduled my appointment immediately, and the day before Thanksgiving extracted my wisdom teeth. One of the teeth ended up being impacted and took a lot more work than initially planned. Dr. Woodruff and his team stayed later than we planned the day before a holiday in order to make sure that everything was done well and not rushed.Oh, and last year my mom flew into town to visit and while she was here, her front tooth chipped. Dr. Woodruff was able to get her in immediately, and she has never complained about that tooth since. Thank you Woodruff Dental for being an example of what a professional company with excellent customer service looks like.
5	Dr. Woodruff is a perfectionist, which is good in a dentist. He notices the little details and spends the time to fix things so they look good at the end. I have had several cavities filled here, and two wisdom teeth pulled. He is always careful to get the right amount of novocaine so I don't feel pain, and gives detailed follow-up instructions. He was also careful to time some of my dental work correctly with the second trimester of my pregnancy, and avoided x-rays to keep the baby safe. He is friendly and professional.
5	My family has been going to the same dentist for 30 years and after some not so favorable experiences I decided to step outside my comfort zone. I took a chance and made an appointment to see Dr. Woodruff. Well needless to say my family now frequents this office as Dr. Woodruff truly is one of the best. He uses all the latest techniques, takes time to explain treatment options in a realistic fashion and makes comfort a priority.
