5	Atomic is the best place in town for all your comic needs.  They always order a decent number of new releases so you shouldn't have a problem getting a copy of any new issue.  In addition to comics they have t-shirts, posters, card games, toys, candy and all sorts of other geeky junk.  If it's something they don't carry in their store let them know and they'll find you a copy.  The staff is friendly and happy to help you find whatever you are looking for... or make some suggestions if you're just getting in to comics.(Watch out for the swarms of kids on the weekends.  They come to hang around all day playing Pokemon and can really crowd the place.)
4	Since I moved to Scottsdale, I have purchased my comics and comic statues at Atomic Comics. It is a solid comic shop with a strong selection of: current comics, archived comics, TPBs, hardcover collections, statues (Bowen, Diamond Select, DC Direct). It is outside my expertise but they offer anime DVD's, swords, comic T-shirts and trading cards. It is a very cool shop, located across the street from Paradise Valley Mall.
5	This Place ROCKS!!!! The staff knows there stuff, plus they have a wall that displays art work from the local talent. I love all the in-store appearance by artists and actors.
2	I'm a comics purist. I want to be able to walk into a store and find my comic in pristine condition on the shelf. I want someone to roam the aisles or stack shelves and if I have questions, I want them to enthusiastic and help me. If I spend a lot of money at the counter, i want to be treated like a regular or someone worthy of respect.Instead, this is my typical experience. I walk in and I see all of  stores employees standing behind the counter and laughing and talking obnoxiously loud with one another.  I don't see anyone looking at comics. The most activity in the store is at the card table. I usually don't find my comic on the shelf because they failed to order enough comics as usual.  I walk up to the counter and wait 3 minutes until the employees finish their conversation with each other.  I ask them about the comic and this is their response: "Uh..which comic is that, Yeah, sorry I have no idea when they came out. I don't read Marvel or D.C. sorry.  Yeah I don't know if we will get that in. You might want to try one of our other stores dude. Oh hey, we have this sale on Crapola #1"  After responding no, I'm not interested "You sure dude, it's a great book and that's a really great price"This is usually what I endure when I walk into Atomic Comics. I went to All About Books and Comics and the employees actually knew which comics arrived this week on the top of their head. They   knew which ones sold out and that was rare because the issue I wanted was usually on the shelf in multitudes. They were in great condition.  They were pretty normal everyday people who read comics as a hobby as opposed to being these weird emos who were more into manga.
4	Found exactly what I was looking for and then some at this store.  The staff is really laid back, super friendly, and knowledgeable.
1	Own filed for bankruptcy. Locked the doors. No notice. Just left a note on the door. If you've preorder comics with Atomic Comics please contact Samurai Comics at (602) 265-8886 they have worked with Diamond to get your shipments.
