5	This is my wife and i's absolute favorite restaurant.  The food is exceptional and the staff extremely helpful.  Perfect place for a romantic dinner, or a birthday that lasts just a little too long.
1	Went here for a birthday party. Had the downstairs banquet room. Atmosphere was decent. Arrived around 6:45pm.After being seated and other guests were arriving, and the birthday guest of honour arrived and socialized, we were served some calamari and fruit/meat. We thought it was a great way to start a meal. About an hour later, we received a simple garden salad with vinaigrette. About an hour after that, the waiter came around to take our order. We'd yet to see a menu. Seems they had limited menu, understandable for the amount of people, but only a couple of sheet printed out for a room of 20 or so people. We informed the waiter we had not seen the menu and he proceeded to inform us of the choices, in a very low, very bored voice. He said there was rib steak, or salmon, for $35, and porcetta or sausage pizza for $30. Served with vegetables. No specifics. He left the table, still not having shown us the menu, and came back about 15 minutes later to take our order. Most of us at our section of the table ordered steak. Sometime later, about 45 minutes or so, we received our meals, sans-steak-knives. And let me say... The steak was not nice enough to cut through with a butter knife. At least not comfortably. So we requested steak knives. The steak was just ok. A bit bland, I had to put quite a bit of salt to have it taste like something. Sometime after the meal, there was birthday cake. Took some time to serve the cake. Took some time after that to receive the bill. When we got the bill, it was about 11:00pm. 4 hours after we arrived. Our tables had to request water constantly, as the jugs were never re-filled without the request. The biggest problem was that there were 2 waiters for 2 separate banquet rooms, both nearly full. So no one got good service, and we were so confused by the waiters not really caring. Not even enough to show us a menu. After a quiet discussion, we agreed that we would not be leaving a good tip. I'm of the mind that a tip is not automatic. If the service is acceptable, I'll happily leave the standard 15% and if it's exceptional, I've left up to 25% before. This service was not acceptable. But after reviewing the bill, a 15% gratuity was already calculated in the bill. No wonder the waiters didn't care! They knew they would be getting they tip regardless!! I will also add that the guest of honour's wife was a bit annoyed that they did not even serve us bread, as they were supposed to. The last nail in the coffin for this place was when it took forever to be able to pay the bill, because there was one machine for the entire lower level of the restaurant, and two rooms to serve. And wouldn't you know it... They didn't get reception in our room so we had to line up in the other room to pay. I will not be returning here. I could have let a lot go, had the waiters been pleasant and helpful and apologetic. They didn't care at all. And with a bill of nearly $50, without any drinks, since it's BYOB, and a meal that is not making me shout from the rooftops about, this place is a no-go in my opinion.
3	This restaurant has really good food! Had the risotto and it was delicious.  Very generous portions. My friends had shrimp & veg, penne, and cannelloni.  All were very well received.  The waiter came by often and gave very good service.  The only downside was that a party of about 40 came in after us and brought dozens of bottles of wine and got very loud. They were sitting across the room and got unpleasantly noisy.  Very disappointing.   This restaurant has a party room in the basement and should have been used.
2	Went twice to this restaurant. During the first time we were given French menus and had to wait for another table for them to order and take their menus and they were taking long. Also, there was no pizza which is one of the signature dishes. The service was very slow. The second experience was even worse. The service was slow and bad. We were the first to be in the restaurant and were the last to get our food. The food came cold. The ambiance was weird, from well-known symphonies to radio station music and shows. It sounded like we were in the gas station across the street. There are some good dishes but it wasn't worth the bad service and weird ambiance. Finally, this restaurant is defiantly overpriced.
1	Worst dining experience I've ever had during my 5 years in Montreal.  Arrived there a couple minutes before my reservation and was completely ignored by the entire staff for a good 10 minutes. Finally, after flagging down a waiter, was shown to a table. The rest of my dining party were also ignored by the staff upon arrival, until I saw them and asked them to be seated myself. Were left with the menus for almost 45 minutes before going out of our way to call the staff to finally take down our orders. Felt like we were being a nuisance to them by having the audacity to dare place an order. Food was mediocre at best, and very overpriced for the quality, service and time it took to prepare. Waiter came over to our table to tell us off for for talking with raised voices halfway into our meal, while another birthday party was screaming at the top of their lungs on the other side of the restaurant. I guess we weren't flirting with them so our business didn't matter nearly as much. Finally got our bills and were again ignored for more than half an hour before we had to flag down another waiter to ask if we could pay. The staff turned up the lights and started glaring at us before even giving us the chance to settle our billsI have dined in hundreds of restaurants across the globe, ranging from food courts to Cordon Bleu restaurants, poor to amazing service. Never have I ever come across such a terrible dining experience in that time. Definitely not worth the prices they charge for the average food and worse than crap service.
4	Came here with work for a retirement dinner. We had one of their "private group rooms". The food was great, a large and diversified selection. I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars taking in consideration that it is a low-medium budget, bring your own wine type of place (to compare with someplace like a Casa-Greque). The food was great, the service was great. The waiters knew their menus, specials du jour and ingredients perfectly. It was what I expected from a small, inexpensive italian restaurant like this. The place is beautiful, great for groups and family. If you think this place is what it's not, then you'll give this  place a bad review.
5	Went there last night for dinner. Really enjoyed everything, from calamari apps, fungi pizza and house salad, all the way to dessert. Would come back whenever I visit Montreal.. (I came in from Toronto to visit family).
