1	Sometimes being out on an empty tummy leads me to making really desperate decisions. I was starving and passed this Bojangles and thought, "Hmm, never tried one before and I hear that is one of the staple eateries here in Charlotte." So I went through the drive-thru hoping for the best since I've heard pretty good things about the chain...and left looking through the bag and being disappointed.I haven't been to what I consider fast food place in a really long time, so I was hoping for a welcome-back experience. Well, my order was missing the veggie combo, but they quickly corrected that. The veggie combo consists of 3 or 4 2oz containers of your choice of their sides (e.g., mac 'n cheese, cole slaw). BLAH. I was really craving chicken fingers so I ordered some of those as well. BLAH. They were dried out from maybe too much frying. They are in a good location across from SouthPark Mall. The drive-thru is a bit hidden in the back, but is easy to get to. In the future, when I am desperate again and craving fast food chicken fingers, I need to find a Dairy Queen. Bojangles, unfortunately, you don't make the cut.
4	I always look forward to having Bojangles.  Maybe the secret is having it only once in a while so that you don't get sick of eating it.Came here not to eat, but to pick up my race packet for the annual Turkey Trot.  This Bojangles has an upstairs area that can be used.. I've only seen The Charlotte Running company use it for their Turkey Trots, but I'm sure they use it for other things.The dining room here looks ginormous... I definitely need to try to eat here the next time I'm around.
2	Nothing really special to write home about.  Actually, probably nothing really special to write on Yelp about either. =Bdmo out
3	This is rated 3 stars only because I had extremely low expectations for this place. Naturally, I ordered the first thing I saw because I am frightened by gross fast food like this, but I had to "try it" since I was in North Carolina for the first time. I ordered the Southernest thing I could find which was the Cajun chicken with biscuit buns and potato fries. It was gross, but delicious at the same time. If I am ever in the state, I will never try it again. But if Bojangles is at the airport, I will stop by on a layover.
2	You can't tune in a Charlotte radio or drive on a Charlotte highway without hearing or reading about "It's Bo-time!". I don't usually let advertising sway me, but I wanted a quick lunch and I wasn't particularly concerned about healthy. I mean, you'd have to be an idiot to think that fried chicken is anything other than grease that cooks out any of the goodness of a chicken breast.This Bojangles (I like to pronounce it "Bo-hang-gless") is around the corner from my office and sort of on the way home, so I opted to pop in and sit down so that I could carefully consider the meal in its proper environment. It was what it was. A very large chicken breast with a fluffy biscuit and decent sized servings of "dirty rice" and mac-and-cheese. The chicken was a little greasy but I did find a good amount of meat under the battering. The rice wasn't that special. The mac-and-cheese, on the other hand, was really good. Sharp cheesy flavor, I also hit it with some of their spicy Cajun sauce for a little kick.The restaurant itself is in a food-court style eatery with some other places in here if you're with others and looking to get meals from different establishments. Free wi-fi worked well and the TV's provided a useful distraction.About once every two years or so, I try some fried chicken and it reminds me of why I don't do this more often.
4	Nothing beats Southern Fried chicken and Bojangles gets it pretty spot on. There's something about the chicken being marinated in hot-sauce and then fried that makes it really good.This is a chain restaurant, so quality is similar to other Bojangles. However, the manager at this location was super friendly. When we ordered our food we shared that we were visiting from out of town. While we were enjoying our meal, he brought over some cinnamon twist treats on the house.I love that southern hospitality.
3	Standard Bojangles food. Nice atmosphere, like a carpeted foodcourt. There are other restaurants nearby (and a DQ) so you have choices.
1	Waited 15 minutes in the drive thru. I will not be back again.
1	Let me start by saying I love Bojangles biscuits and chicken. This location of Bojangles is apparently privately owned or somehow not managed by Bojangles. This Bojangles is awful. I stopped by to pick up a sandwich for my brother last week. The chicken appeared to have been cooked days ago. I asked for a packet of mustard and was told it would be .15 cents. REALLY?I live close to this Bojangles but I will never go there again. Don't judge Bojangles by this location!
