5	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR TOUR DE FAT 2013  = = = = = =Wow, it's another year, another great Tour de Fat bike ride with stage shows and the big "Revival" after-party.  This year there were reportedly upward of 5000 participants and we all had a great time, as is the case every year.The day starts with (free) registration & an enjoyable stage performance regarding bike riding safely in a crowd.  Then it's off to the ride, which is several miles long, winding around through Tempe.  There's plenty to see, with many wearing costumes and all different kinds of crazy bikes, along with stock ones.Back at the park after the ride there is hot food available to buy, as well as cups of various flavors of New Belgium's delicious beers.  Proceeds from the sales go to local non-profit organizations.After THAT, including watching various bands, juggling acts & so on, plus making new friends, many of the participants (including my group of friends) enjoy a big barbecue feast (BUFFET!) back at one of our houses.     :-))I had to miss last year's event, but I did attend in 2011 & it was great, just as this one was.  (I posted a Review for it at the time, but it never made it into the main Yelp search index, so here it is: http://www.yelp.com/biz/tour-de-fat-tempe-2 )If you missed this great event this year I HIGHLY RECOMMEND it to you for next year about the same time.  It's REALLY FUN!  Now excuse me, but I need to start building up an outrageous new bike to ride in Tour de Fat 2014!     :-))
5	= = = =  NEW BELGIUM'S TOUR DE FAT 2014!  = = = =Wow, it's another year and another great Tour de Fat bike ride!  Got together with about a dozen friends and joined the MANY THOUSANDS of others for a day of music, stage performances, the bike riding tour through Tempe with all kinds of crazy bikes present as well as many riders in all sorts of different costumes.  Then it was back to the big park where we started, for more fellowship, live entertainment, and quenching our thirst with tasty New Belgium beer!It always amazes me that there aren't hundreds of Yelp Reviews posted every year for this huge, fun event!  Anyhow, BE THERE for the one next year at about this same time...  you'll have a terrific time!     :-))Tour de Fat Event:  Free (or make a $5 donation).Various flavors New Belgium's beer, on tap:  $5Kids welcome.Here's my "First to Review" for this great annual event, posted back in 2011.  Yelp has since "disappeared" it!     :-Ohttp://www.yelp.com/biz/tour-de-fat-tempe-2?hrid=7Uox6txPBFVAANLDQh4VAg#src:self
5	Always fun! Always a whole mess of people. Bikes galore! Considering there are so many thousands of cyclists, the ride is well organized. Lots of great costumes as well. We normally don't stick around afterwards because it is blazing hot at Tempe Town Lake, but lucky for us, we procured a shady spot and actually enjoyed a few beers, the awesome bands, the costume fashion show, and all the wonderful people watching. There is a bike corral to lock your bikes up (or just lock it up anywhere secure). When you first arrive, get your wrist band and a few beer tokens to avoid the long lines after the bike ride. Each token is good for 1 beer and costs 5 bucks. We saw dogs, but also saw a dude get turned back at the gate with a dog, so not sure what the policy is. They check some backpacks, others not so much. There is food to purchase on site, as well as a handful of bike friendly organizations. Just a really cool event!
5	When it comes having fun as you support community activism the "Tour de Fat" is the trend setter.      You can't beat dressing up in customs and bright colors and riding your bike with thousands of other cyclists. No matter what city your in that is hosting one, you'll have tons of fun. 2014 was my 5 year and I doubt if I will miss one in the future. It's a blast. I love the people watching, the amazing variety of bikes, and the beer, food and festivities when the ride is over. Even a 100F day in Tempe can't stop the fun.      This is a bring the kids, neighbors, and extended family type of activity. Everyone is welcome.      I took 1100+ photos this year in Tempe. It was an amazing line of cyclist for a good hour passing me by as I made several stop for photo ops.      You must go. No if's, and's or but's about it. The only reason not to is death. So bring your coolest bike and custom and show the world you support the environment, cycling and your community.
