5	Awesome place for a great haircut. True barbers. Place gets crowded quickly in the late afternoon. Usually have 8 barbers going and still a wait but well worth it. Haircuts start at $20. My first haircut here took about 45 minutes from start to finish and I was very impressed.
3	I came here because I was referred to come here from Alejandro at Fino. It's quite odd because my friend owned the shop next door that use to be a hydroponic shop. When I walked in the barbershop seemed a bit chaotic but I was quickly greeted by the barber closest to the door. He asked if I had an appointment I explained that I was sent to see Pedro. Pedro was told that I had arrived and he acknowledged me. I sat down and waited for my cut. The barbershop has a very Central American feel which was quite different I've never been to a barber shop that has salsa type music playing but I LOVED IT!! I almost wanted to get up and twirl around but I quickly remembered that I wasn't at home in the shower. I say with Pedro and had a bit of an awkward experience I'm use to building a relationship with my barber I like to shoot the shit with my barber I like to get to know him as well as for him to get to know me we'll that didn't happen there was an awkward silence through most of my haircut and the most conversation we had was when he was trying to convince me how I should like to get my cut. I don't have anything against barbers who use machines to do a razor fade but for me if I ask for a  razor it means I want a razor to touch my entire head not just my line up my entire cut needs to be done with a razor. I had to finally be a little rude and tell him I think I have gotten my cut enough times to know what I like and dislike I don't think that anything you say will make me like the machine finally the conversation ended. When exiting and paying the cc machine doesn't let you add a tip after the fact is what I was told so I had to swipe twice and be charged 2.00 each time for swiping since it's a convenience fee. Watch out if your paying with a credit card be sure you include how much you want to top before it's swipped!!
3	Been here before, but this time this guy tells me $25 for my son's cut!! $25??? I've never paid more than $15-20!! Just a line up n fade...
