1	BEWARE!! Very dishonest people here. I have not done the workout there, maybe it's great, I don't know. I was actually going to the EWC next door to Orangetheory (Henderson, Nv) for an appointment. After my appt I came outside and 3 men and a woman were sitting at a trable they had set up outside OT Fitness and they got me to come over for the usual sales pitch for a gym. So being polite, I listened and knew from the price and location I wasn't interested. But since they were not yet open they said they were going to have a Grand Opening party and I could do a free class and meet some of the Cirque performers, that are also trainers. All I had to do was let them swipe my debit card to hold my place in the class. I asked at least 10 times if they would charge me and was told no repeatedly. They even said I could use an expired card. Yes, extremely naive of me, but I guess I chose to trust them, I guess out of excitement of meeting the Cirque people :). That was in March, Now early May my card has been charged, and my bank tells me they set it up as a recurring charge. So when I called and left a voicemail about the issue, the response I got was, "We show you as a member here." So I have to change my bank information and lucky for me my bank is crediting me the money. Just beware before you sign with them. Check out the BBB and their reviews from other cities. I was basically "tricked" into my contract and looks like a lot of other people have had trouble just cancelling theirs.
5	I signed up with OTF about 2 weeks ago and so far my experience has been amazing . I have literally seen my body change within 2 weeks . It sounds hard to believe but when it's your own body your staring at every day and you see any bit of difference it's an amazing feeling. I love the trainers they encourage you throughout the whole workout , and the price is actually decent . They have a few different options to meet your budget and also how seriously you want to take your fitness. They do fun stuff to keep one motivated. About the only other review on here , I am not sure what kind of agreement she had with the gym however I do know that they only opened officially on the 9th I believe and before that they were doing trial classes , but you still have to give them your credit card information and if you didn't want to go through with an actual membership you just had to cancel prior to the 9th of may so that they wouldn't run your card. Again I don't know what agreement that was but that was my experience , I went in the first week of May and they told me that if for any reason I didn't like the classes or something all I had to do is let them know bfor they were officially opened for business . Anyways I hope that this will help some people looking for a new fun way to get fit. I will be updating my review once it's been a month or 2 but honestly so far it's been amazing!
4	I really enjoyed the class.  The instructors are very helpful.  I have recommended  it my friends.
5	This place is great. I did my first workout here today and I usually workout on my own at a gym, at home with workout videos, or play water sports. I have a heart condition and cannot exert myself so the heart rate monitor that this place bases their workouts on is perfect for me. Also, they were helpful and kind with letting me take it easy when I needed to so I don't overwork my heart. It's a great workout for anyone no matter what your physical endurance is so I highly recommend this place.
5	2 classes into my trial & I'm sold!  I have both a chain gym membership and a workout room and I never come home from either feeling WORKED.  My arms, back & legs are all beat and I can't wait to go back and do it all again!The staff is incredibly friendly and know all their members on a first name basis.  The club feels sterile (as in clean - a good thing!), and the design/atmosphere is energetic - all things that made me want to stay.Unlike other fitness classes, you are hooked up to a wireless heart rate monitor that displays which zone you are in and you can compare that to what the rest of the class is doing.  It's a nice distraction during some of the longer cardio sets to focus on your zone.Thought out the class the trainers really help pump you up and stay motivated with great energy and transitional "high five" between sets.Being a data nerd, my favorite part is getting a few steps out the door and having my full heart rate report emailed to me.  It's cool to be able to compare each session.This is genuinely a 5 STAR review!
5	Love love love these classes!! It's a complete full body workout, the instructors are great and push you to do your best.  Not often to you find a amazing workout that makes you feel absolutely accomplished every time you leave. Thank You!!!
5	Joined OTF this summer, and wholeheartedly recommend - it's a great workout.Beyond that, the staff is extremely friendly (I regularly see the instructor walk around and chat with members pre/post class), the equipment is top-notch and the facility is clean (nothing worse than a dirty gym)!However, where they raise the bar is the lengths they go to ensure members are getting the best possible workout, in a way that's tailored to their abilities and injuries.  From both personal experience and observation, the instructors are extremely committed to coaching people to get stronger and fitter in a way that is motivating.
4	well both me and my husband are hooked with orange theory. Wish we could go more than once a week but can't afford it. Its definitely a great workout and love the heart rate monitor aspect of it. Everyone is nice and helpful. Only have worked with trainers Brandon and Caren and they are awesome, hopefully will get a chance to have the others some time. it definitely pushes me to work out harder than my own workouts at the gym. Just wish it could be a little more affordable, but understand they have to pay the overhead.
5	I'll be the first to admit that working out has never been love of mine but there's something about this workout that makes it an addiction! It's ONLY 1 hour and you know each and everytime that you worked your ass off! There's no way I'd workout this hard at your average gym. To top it off the staff is AMAZING and the facility is CLEAN!
5	Just signed up on Unlimited. So much cheaper then a Personal Trainer!!! Amazing staff!! I cant wait to start working out there!!
