5	I desperately needed to have my pool drained and acid washed. When I bought my house the chemicals were so bad it was a battle and I could never maintain the accurate chemical levels. I am no pool expert and after calling several companies each telling me I needed to spend $450-$1500 and telling me that it was a deal, I spoke with Luke. Not only did he stand out to me as being professional and friendly, but he did not try to oversell me. He was fast and efficient and did a phenomenal job. My pool is now a sparking blue and I couldn't be happier! It was such a stress free process and I will definitely use Down Under for all my pool needs. I'm going to refer him to all my friends and family as well. Thank you so much!
5	DOWN UNDER POOL CARE is the only pool service you will ever need!  We went through 3 or 4 companies before finding Down Under Pool Care almost 7 years ago and have never.....EVER had a single issue with our pool since finding them.  With year-round service, our pool is ALWAYS in pristine condition and ready for use.   Honestly,  it doesn't get any better.  Anyone can say they clean pools, but DOWN UNDER POOL CARE delivers 5 STAR service on a consistent basis.  And not just cleaning, but repairs and other pool-related services.  We have recommended them to anyone we know that has a pool and will never use anyone else!
5	Down Under Pool care is AMAZING!!  I've been through several different pool companies in the valley and they are 10 times better than anyone else I've used.  Luke and his crew are professional and reliable.  Luke the owner handles all repairs and issues himself and is always available.  My pool has never looked better.
5	I had a break in my underground pvc pipes and left a message on Sunday.   Luke from Down Under called me Monday,  and was at my house early Tuesday morning.  My pipes were repaired that day! !  We had even agreed on a fair price,  but Luke found an additional broken pipe,  and repaired that as well with no additional charge.   I also have an issue with my salt chlorinator that requires some welding of a limiter,  and although Luke stated that was not something he repairs,  he took pictures of the issue and sent to an associate to see if he could help.   I'm just waiting on a response.   I definitely recommend Down Under and have already referred them to co - workers.
