5	LOVED this pizza.  The cheesey bread is enough to make a meal by itself but then you add pizza that is so good.  I liked it enough I even ate the crust and that is saying alot.
5	Pizza is a bit on the greasy side, but if you can get passed that, it is soooo good. I'm usually a Domino's girl, but Marco's always sends us nice letters and great deals, so I decided to try it, and now I think I'm a Marco's girl. The ingredients are plentiful and FRESH, noticeably so. I decided on five stars because the service is exceptional as well, for just a pizza store where service is less of an issue. I walked in to get my pizza, and the service was very polite and courteous. If you haven't tried Marco's yet, you must!! And get the Parmesan crust. YUM!
3	I decided to try this place based on the reviews. All I can say is it is NOT the best pizza in town.  The sauce is a lite too sweet for my liking.  That being said the rest of the experience was great.  Online ordering was easy. Pickup was on time. Service was great. I would say if you like a sweeter sauce this is pretty good pizza. Just not my favorite.
1	Yuck. Over priced and gross. Quick delivery doesn't save you from the nastiness that is their pizza.
5	For a delivery style pizza restaurant, this place is top of the line. Every time I order form here I am impressed at the quality of food I am delivered. The pizza is much better than those main street chains and aside from the prices other places don't even compare.
4	Tried Marco's for the first time yesterday, and I have to say, it was totally better than Papa Johns, Domino's, and most defiantly Pizza Hut.  Pizza was very tasty, crust was good.   I was surprised.  Only complaint, I put in a "delayed order" and I think they made the pizza a little too early.  I will try again by just ordering and picking it up. Overall very good pizza.
1	Got food poisoning. Enough said.
2	I loved the pizza here, but thought that it was a little overpriced.  I waited over 45 minutes for pizza to be done.  I highly recommend calling in your order before hand.  Not sure if I will be back because the price was high.  However, they do have awesome customer service and great pizza
1	NO! Do Not Bother!Ordered 2 pizzas, they were delivered quickly and the driver was friendly. One veggie and one meat, plus a reasonable tip, was over $35.The pizza was TERRIBLE.There is nothing good to say about it. It is just a bad product and they should be embarrassed not only to serve it, but to charge what they do. There are several high quality places in the area, including Cugino's & Bambinis, where you will get a better product and the same or lower cost.Furthermore, you could get 4 DiGiornos and a 6 pack of beer for $35, and you will be much happier.I honestly wish that they would stop sending me coupons and "We haven't seen you" letters in the mail. It is irritating and I am going to answer the next one and it will not be nice. In closing, there is no reason to get pizza from this place. If you did, and you are reading this, then, "I told you so"s are in order.
4	This was out first experience here. We just moved to vegas and this little local joint was awesome to enjoy as we unloaded the uhaul! The cheesy sticks were soft, fresh, and a little salty which I loved. The dipping sauces were great too. We ordered a small Italian sausage and onion with the Roma seasoning. Great flavor and perfect size left us ready to make this our new pizza spot. Customer service was excellent.
5	This is honestly the only place we order pizza from. The pizza is great and their chicken sub is good as well. The price is a little high but Delivery is always on time and never backed up like some of the other pizza places.
5	Great pizza, great service and an all around great experience. We have never had a bad pizza from Marcos!
