3	It's odd that no one has reviewed this place.  They advertise in all the local papers.  We have been going here for the entire four years that we have lived here.Although there are a few cramped tables they basically specialize in takeout and delivery.  Most any common Chinese dish can be found here from Chinese Chicken Salad to Walnut Shrimp.  We just took out lunch from here (Sweet and Sour Pork and Pork Chow Fun).  OK, it's not the best Chinese food ever, but it is really, really solid food.  I've never had a bad dish.  They pack the sauces separately so that the fried foods don't get soggy.  And they put extra ginger in my Shrimp Chow Fun when I ask for it.  The family running this restaurant are hard working and pleasant.  If you want quick Chinese, DEFINITELY go here.
4	my family and i love their hong kong style noodle, orange chicken, and mongolian beef...
3	i like china-a-go-go.  i haven't been to the ones in henderson, but there's one on durango accross the street from Sonics & it's decent.  personally love the salt & pepper pork or squid & walnut prawns..they aren't shady when it comes to the prawns too..  their friendly over the phone and prompt when they deliver.  it's definitely a delivery spot we can count on being good.
4	Hubby and I happened across this place while I was 7 months pregnant and seriously craving some good Chinese eats. We didn't want to go far from our new house, and we found a coupon on our doorstep a few days earlier for free egg rolls with a $10 order, so we thought we'd give China A Go Go a try. Thank heaven for pregnancy cravings!! This is our new go-to Chinese place. Everything is hot fresh and tasty. The Hot Garlic chicken is my favorite, and they even substituted vegi chowmein for one of our white rices. Nice!! The Chicken Mu Shu is super yumm, and their prices are on point. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed. :)
4	Cheap, fast, tasty, and THEY DELIVER! I've ordered both take out and delivery, and I must say that I am impressed. It isn't gourmet Chinese food, but good enough. Also, like any good Chinese food establishment, it doesn't have to be on the menu for you to order it! Pick a meat, vegetables, and any sauces, they throw it in their WOK of magic, and 5-7 minutes later, you have yourself dinner. Hell and high waters will not stop me from returning again and again.
4	China a gogo is my go to spot for Chinese food to go around my house. Over the past 10 years, my roommates and I have been religiously ordering from here. Personally, I am a huge fan of their crab rangoons, shrimp in lobster sauce, salt and pepper shrimp and quite a few other dishes. Speaking of which.... I may just order from them this evening for dinner. Yummy!
5	I work near this place. It is so perfect when you are craving Chinese food and don't want to spend a lot of money. The staff is always friendly and the food comes to you hot and fast. I never had any problems with the flavor or quality of the food. it's always so fresh! My favorite  items are the bbq pork ribs. Oh man they are so good!  I am hungry just writing this up.  You can sit at the few tables they have available, or take the food to go.
4	Always tasty takeout, and they make my chicken and broccoli to order.
4	If you are in Henderson and don't want to drive 10 miles to Chinatown area, then check out China A Go Go.  It is pretty darn good and about 10 levels higher in quality than Panda.1.  Ambiance - Located in a strip mall with easy parking and fighting for your food attention with a coffee shop and a sandwich shop near by.  You can smell the Chinese cooking and it get's your olfactory senses going.....  Inside, the restaurant is small, a few tables and quite crowded if there are people waiting in line.2.  Food - The quality of food here is quite good.a.  Beef Chow Fun (Dry) - One of my favorite foods or comfort foods as my grandmother and mom always made this for me growing up.  I like the fact that this dish not only has al dente noodles, they do not fill up the dish with carrots and celery.  Veggies are important to the texture and the taste of the overall dish, yet using carrots and celery actually takes away from the taste of the dish vs. adding to the flavor.  Here they use green onion, onion, bean sprouts.  Very nice.b.  Chicken Curry - The flavor of the curry is a bit spicy, not too hot, just enough to get your juices kicking.  You won't need to grab lots or water, so rather it is a nice taste and flavor.  It is unfortunate that due to mostly western palate, that they use chicken breast instead of chicken on the bone.  The flavor of chicken on the bone is far superior to chicken breast.  However, they do slice the breast just right and flash cook it at the right speed so it is quite tender and juicy.c.  Spring Bean with Chicken - Love the flavor of the black bean mixed with this dish.  The spring beans are cooked to perfection and the chicken is flavorful and tender.d. Rice - They give you plenty of rice with your dishes.e.  Overall - All the food here is focused on western taste, yet all the cooks are Chinese short order cooks or so appear to be and yapping away in Chinese.  The cooks are all visible as you enter, so you can see everything.   They do catering here and pan sized dishes, so this is great for parties.  I don't vary much on what I order from here, because the menu is mostly western food, and not what I normally order.  However, for what I do order, it is great.I say check it out. You cannot go wrong.  This place is like going to Inn and Out for a burger vs. McDonalds.
3	Cheap lunch specials... They give alot for just $5.95 includes corn egg drop soup with your meal!I had the mangolian beef w/ white rice... beef was tender and tasty...  Definitely can be shared with 2 people.
2	This review of China A Go Go (CGG) in Anthem Village is based on at least 6 dinner visits over the past two months. I'll admit, right off the bat, the food is pretty good and probably better than average for fast food take-out. My gripe is with the rest of the experience. This appears to be a family-owned, family-operated establishment. Whether or not the staff are actually related to one another is irrelevant to this review but it makes for good analogy.At my latest visit -- indicative of all my earlier visits -- I was "greeted" by a staff where absolutely everyone was on their smartphone playing games, texting, surfing or whatever. At least the young man, "the son", at the register put down his phone, greeted me with a welcoming smile and asked for my order. The patriarch of the "family" never looked up from his phone and I can honestly say that I've never been greeted by this manager/owner at any time I've ever visited. (The more friendly matriarch, who usually takes my order, was not in the restaurant the evening of my latest visit.) After paying for my order, I noticed that, one by one, the cooks put down their phones and got to the task of making my dinner. I did not see any one of them wash their hands before preparing my food (fortunately, stir-fry woks are very hot). I sat at one of the half-dozen or so empty tables (all the tables were empty except the one the patriarch was seated at) and waited. The tabletop was dirty and there was food on the floor. The small seating area appeared old and the walls really need a refurbishment of sorts to patch holes and refresh the sickly yellow paint. There are cardboard boxes along one wall (containing food and supplies?) along a corridor that leads, I think, to the restroom; a large mirror; a flatscreen TV; and Asian-themed decorations that really need to be cleaned and dusted. It looked like there was a half an inch of greasy dirt and dust on the top of room's motion-detector and the fluorescent light fixtures in the dining area really need to be cleaned out. My food was served hot and well-prepared with fresh ingredients in "traditional" boxes and styrofoam containers along with a container of red "sweet and sour" sauce; two packages each of Chinese mustard, soy sauce and fortune cookies; and a small bag of pretty good crispy wonton strips (a nice touch). The portions are large (half-orders are available) and well-worth the approximately $18 I paid for an appetizer, a main dish and fried rice.I agree with other reviewers who write that CGG's food is better than Panda Express' mostly because the food is freshly prepared and not left standing in a hot buffet steam tray for some unknown period of time. But I believe that all staff who are in the "front of house" should be welcoming to their customers; staff should not be preoccupied with outside activities especially when customers are around; staff should practice good hygiene and technique before touching and preparing food or handling "to go" packages; staff should not be standing/sitting on the ground out in front of the restaurant smoking cigarettes; and that the restaurant and seating areas should be clean and properly maintained. I'll continue to visit CGG from time to time for the food and convenience but I don't think I'll ever really feel welcome or comfortable eating there.It makes me sad to write this review because I truly believe the "family" that owns/operates this restaurant is trying to make a good product for their customers. I'm not trying to hurt their business; rather, I hope this review helps them to make their business better. I'll update this review if I notice any positive changes.-- 3.0 stars for the food minus 1.0 stars for the experience
4	So far the best Chinese food I have found in the Las Vegas valley (just got here 5 months ago) .  I ate also at a location by Warm Springs which was also good and also the one on Durango which I found to also be good.
4	The honey walnut shrimp is really good!!
1	So I have ordered from China A Go Go for about 5 years now and have never had an issue. Today I called and as usual when calling from work I had 2 orders as we are paying seperatly, the girl on the phone told me that it would be 2 delivery fees, when I asked why she put someone else on the phone and they told me they now charge for each seperate order. When I told them to cancel the order she seemed like she did not care about loosing a customer  who was canceling a $25 order before taxes all because they wanted to charge an extra $2 . I will do a review on China Tango once im done eating lol, and China Tango only charges $2 for a delivery fee and the rate did not go up for seperate orders.
4	The food here is really tasty. I have ordered from this location probably a dozen times now. Sometimes my order is not correct when it arrives (different items, lack of rice, something like that), but as far as preparation, speed, and taste, I am a fan. If you are thinking of eating in the dine-in section, prepare yourself for a busy, crowded, informal little space. It's more like eating at fast food than an actual restaurant. The delivery is incredibly fast and friendly, and other than the occasional incorrect order, I have always enjoyed the experience.
4	I eat here probably once a week.  It's just good, fast, cheap food with hearty portions and great flavor.  Plus the people who run it totally rock!
4	I have tried a number of Chinese restaurants since moving here. I have learned that there are very specific differences between authentic Chinese, New York Chinese and Chicago Chinese. Being from Chicago. I think this is closest to what I like as a quick take out after a busy day. I will say, I'm not crazy about the egg rolls I like big, thick egg rolls. And the pot stickers are a bit doughy. I always order the Beef with ginger and onions. Soups are very good. Again, everything is good and consistent. Not a place to stay and eat in. The restaurant is a bit cluttered. The staff is always nice. And we always have coupons, a plus. Give it a try.
4	I could eat the Mu Shu Pork every day and be a happy camper. This dish gets better every time! The portion is large and the service is great. My to go order is always ready in a few minutes.  Not gonna happen at most places!  Keep it up and you'll have me as a customer for life.
1	SHUT DOWN as of 3/31/2014 by Southern Nevada Health District for having 46 outstanding demerits. I will most likely never eat there again.
2	China A No No. A cheap chinese food restaurant serves its purpose of providing quick easy take out for lunch, lazy nights or a hungover meal. My 2 out of 5 star rating is based on my idea of a standard take out chinese restaurant as described above.I would recommend to China A Go Go-somewhere else!
2	While the food was ok, they shorted me 2 soups, 2 egg rolls, and 2 crab rangoons.  I don't like getting ripped off, so that makes China A Go Go, a no no!  $28 for $20 worth of food.  No thanks!  It's like buying a 20 ounce coke, and only getting 16 ounces.
