5	I found MAH via my home warranty company.  I've had not-so-pleasant experiences with warranty contractors, but this time they found a real gem.  Mike was very friendly, prompt and honest, and had my house cooled down within 30 minutes.  I would absolutely use MAH again, and have referred it to others.  Give Mike a try - you'll be glad you did!
5	They came  in the very same day, tested all my system and found the issue. Very quick and simple. Didn't try to push any expensive replacement that wasn't needed (all I needed was filter change - shame on me!)In any case, I like the honesty, simplicity and speed of service!
1	It was eye opening experience on how to get taken advantage of by a professional.  My home warranty company "Home Choice" picked this company to come out and evaluate my Lennox unit.  He spent no more that 20 to 25 mins. Inspecting the unit. He did confirm that one unit was free low on freon, then he said" I can do a leak check on your system for 55.00 and a more extensive one for 125.00" so he proceeds.... oh my I have a leak...go figure... The 55.00 eyeball check really professional, i could have done that and saved my money. He snap pictures of the problem area and gave me his opinion.Mikes opinion...  well its rusted and it's leaking these are the picture I will send to the warranty company. They should fix it, just make sure you have your service records when they ask for it...Home choice called and denied the claim based on the 20 to 25 min ultra fast 100.00 visit.. from MAHLike any active duty sailor would do,  I called and complained then paid for a second opinion. The second opinion will give (Home Choice) a thorough evaluation with a proper leak test.... to my surprise the second opinion noted that the system had a blockage and THERE WAS NO leak go figure!After more research on what the warranty companies will pay companies to do this is ridiculous. ..Mike wanted to charge me 2800.00 to do the job what a mark up!  The second opinion only wanted to charge 1600.00 (wake everyone)they get the parts from the same place...why the crazy mark?  I would not recommend MHA  to any of my military or civilian friends
5	On a Sunday in July we woke up to our A/C blowing hot air... Not something good if you live in Phoenix, AZ!  We called our Home Warranty (BPG) and they dispatched MAH Heating & Air Conditioning.I looked MAH H & A/C up on Yelp before they had a chance to call me and noted that they were closed on Saturday & Sunday (which Yelp had incorrect...It's appointment only).  Concerned, I called MAH H& A/C and Mike answered and advised that he had just received the work order from my Home Warranty company.  As luck would have it, he was able to immediately respond (within 20 mins) and noted that the motor needed replacement.  With in 30-mins he had it replaced and we again had COOL AIR!  He was very pleasant, honest and friendly.  I would call MAH H&A/C again without hesitation!  Thanks Mike!
