2	Wanted to goto a Waffle House since we dont have any around us in california.  We chose this one because it was in North Phoenix and hoping it was a little nicer then some of the others we drove by. It didnt matter, i guess a waffle house is a waffle house. They had some teenager cooking the food and we where wondering how the food was going to come out, well the bacon was black and burnt, atleast the waitress asked us before we said anything about it. So she got us some more bacon and this time it was just under cooked. The egg's were not cooked all the way. The waffles where good and the hash browns where good if you didnt eat the burnt parts. Might try it again but maybe a different location
2	I hope this never happens to you, let my story be a warning, always check before you scoot at the Waffle House... and always keep a bottle of hand sanitizer in your car for emergencies.  Ugh, I shutter just remembering.The patrons of the Waffle House consist of drunks, late-nighters, night laborers, Denny's rejects, and the homeless.  I being of the drunk variety tend to wander in for a waffle in the wee hours of the morning when I'm not in the mood for a grand slam or a monster taco- if you know what I'm saying.  Usually, I get the company of some colorful people and a belly full of waffle, but one night I got a little more.  My friends and I decided to grab a booth near the windows and as I slid onto the bench my hand touched something wet.  I immediately pulled it back expecting to find food on the seat.  When I looked down at my hand it wasn't any sort of waffle excrement between my fingers, it was human excrement- a big ol' loogie.  Yes, someone spat on the seat and not just a little, I couldn't create that monster with an upper respiratory infection.I just want the culprit to know- I hate you.  As for the food, you will enjoy it if you are drunk, hungry, and your hands haven't been soiled so that you can actually eat it.  Yummy.
5	Seriously..I love Waffle House.  On all, i mean, ALL of my trips to GA to visit fambly, I make at least a trip or two to Waffle House.  So imagine my surprise when on a trip to Dodgers' Spring Training in Glendale, AZ, my hubby brings me to Waffle House. I could NOT believe they've made it this far west! SO very pleasing. So, I ordered my greedy-gut/fave dish....the All-Star Special...PECAN waffle, 3 strips of bacon, grits, cheese scrambled eggs and white toast...plus a SWEET TEA. (singing)  HEEEEAAAVENNNN....I'M IN HEAAAAVEENMy hubby also got the All-Star Special. How can you not when you want to sample ALL the wares?!  He got regular waffle, bacon AND sausage for a dolla more, hash browns smothered and covered and double diced (that's cheese, onions and double tomatoes for all youse NOT in the know), white toast, cheese scrambled eggs and a coke. YUM! If you're not a grits fan, definitely get the Hashed Browns...customized exactly how you like it. (Mine were Everything was great. I mean, as far as great gets at Waffle House. Don't fricking go here thinking you're gonna have a fancy-schmancy meal. But it'll be GOOD!
3	My waitress urged me to visit the adult video store across the street last time I was there, saying "it is so cool and stuff".  I don't think she understood how much she enhanced my dining experience at the Waffle House, because my mind was distracted from the food and on other thoughts while I chewed away at the warm, moist, buttered, syrup drenched waffle in front of me.  Sigh...Reliable place for "grease spoon" type foods, especially late at night.  Hash browns, eggs, grits, waffles - all are fairly good here for what this place is all about, and it's rather affordable.  Staff is often quite nice, though cleanliness can be an issue at times.  So much better now that the smoking ban is in effect.
5	BEST OMELET EVER!  FLUFFY, MOISTThe cook made the most fluffy omelet I have ever had.  The waffles were so good too.  I asked for warm syrup and it made the twice as delicious.  They have a jukebox that plays 6 songs for $1.00.  Very cool!This restaurant is small so go between breakfast and lunch or after lunch for great service.
3	I am rarely in Phoenix, so I don't know the best spots, but if you are looking for quick, cheap breakfast foods at any hour The Waffle House is your place. I found that this location had that old style diner feel. You can sit in an open booth or at the counter. The people are very nice. They even yell out your order to the cooks. There is a great friendly atmosphere as you sit in and enjoy your meal. I felt like I was in a scene of Seinfeld. It was great. I would recommend you order the waffles. That is a no brainer
5	I flippin love Waffle House. Would you believe that in two different cities in Georgia that I lived in there were two waffle houses across the street from each other? Seriously! Like you could go to one Waffle House and look out the window and wave to patrons in the other Waffle House across the street! In at least two cities that I know of! That is because Waffle House is not a restaurant in Georgia - it is a way of life. Like some people are catholic, I worship at the House of Waffle. I am not sure how they do it but it is like Waffle House breeds their own waitresses. They all look the same, talk the same, have that sassy "I don't care too much bout nothin" attitude. Plus they now have all-you-can-eat everything between 2 and 9pm. So strap on your feed bag and get ready for a load of culture. Just make sure to get your hashbrowns scattered, smothered, chunked, peppered and covered -its divine!
1	Normally great food and service. Today was a different story. Employee cutting/making food without gloves. I asked him to put gloves on before he prepared my food and I was met with attitude. He sarcastically told me he has been busy and washed his hands 9 times already.When I asked for the manager, he told me he was the regional manager. Continued with sarcasm and rude comments. I walked out with my 2 starving kids.  I live 2 blocks away and I. Won't. Be. Back.
5	Best bacon anywhere PERIODYou also get waesome service.
4	Some people love this place and some cant stand it.  I am in the love it catagory.  Dubble waffle and some hashbrowns ill be set. O...So plump...
4	I am definitely a fan of the Waffle House. I usually get the Double Waffle for $3.95 and leave with a full belly. Sometimes I can't get any work done in the morning since I'm so full. So I need to remind myself that one waffle will usually do it. BTW - I think the hash browns are weak with too much grease and need to be cooked a little more.I brought the owner of our company to this place and now the only place he wants to go to is the Waffle House. I really blew it, since I'm no longer dining at the more fancier restaurants in the area since the Waffle House seems to be the only restaurant in his rotation.This place also has all you can eat starting at 2pm thru 9pm for like $6.99. I'm not sure if that's breakfast or everything on the menu. This place serves burgers, pork chops and pie as well. I haven't had a burger or pie but I would definitely give the pork chop a "B", as in BRUTAL. Do yourself a favor and don't order a pork chop. I would stick to only the breakfast items at the Waffle House, especially the waffles.
1	No!I said - NO!!!
5	We tried the store over Avondale and it was fine but this store BLOWS IT OUT OF THE WATER! We stayed right next to the bell location but it didn't "look safe" according to my wife so we came over here. Great location (area), staff was friendly and store was super clean.
5	I LOVE THE WAFFLE HOUSE! Anyplace I can pick what I want to eat off of a "picture menu"... you got me hooked! :)I love the loaded hash browns, and waffles. Nothing more, nothing else. They usually can't screw that up... so its generally consistent.... and cheap! A plus is the really good coffee. So... get yur briches on, put yur teeth in... and come on down to da Waffle Houze!
3	I like it better then Denny's so I stop on by to get some breakfast. It's okay not the best place in the world but if your having a hard time picking between after hours with Dennys and Waffle house I would pick waffle house for sure.
4	I enjoy going here late nights the staff is ALWAYS friendly and quick with a joke and a smile!!!  the coffee is always plentiful and the price and quality of food is spectacular.  I get my eggs poached and never had them as good besides by momma!
5	Good and I WILL go to this diner again. It gets its 5 stars, period. The one waitress, Tammy, is a sweetie. :)
3	OK, I finally drove in to a Waffle House.  They have managed to keep the stereotypical diner in place right down to the cast of characters working there.  I got a patty melt on Texas toast, a side of smothered hash browns and an iced tea.  The sandwich was good the hash browns and onions were greasy and undercooked.  Service was fine.  It isn't as cheap a place to eat as it looks if you are hungry because every thing is extra.  The closest comparison I can come up with is Denny's which ranges from 1.5 to 4 depending on which one you go to.  This would be in the middle of that range.
5	It is a Waffle House. I enjoyed my meal. It arrived hot. The service was great.The restaurant clean.Yeah!  Waffle House.
5	I can't beleive I am giving a Waffle House 5 stars, but I am. Only because I could not give them more!!We had a party of 6, so we were split up. 4 of us at the counter and my wife and I at a table behind them. Kinda nice actually, as it sort of felt like were were on a date ; )The waitress (I wish I could remember her name, but it has been two weeks since our trip. I think it was Amanda?... sorry if I got it wrong) was out of this world! She knew the menu inside and out, made great suggestions, was really friendly, and could not have been more attentive. Food was really good. My only complaint is that they did not have a "nap" area for us to sleep off our food coma.Will visit whenever we are in town.
2	Hit n Miss,,, and this one should have Missed.... Country Ham, definitely left tout too long, and was not very good,, only had 2 bites out of it and determined NO WAY.. Waitress never questioned why I didnt finish it, oh well.. Not saying done on purpose, but none the less, will never be back at this location. For a Waffle house, they may not be the cleanliest, but they are usually great food at a fraction of the costs.. love these places on road trips !!
4	This place is great for what it is.  The service is quick and friendly, and the food is inexpensive.  The All-Star special is a good deal and you get eggs, toast, grits, a waffle, and bacon for $7.95.  If you are looking for a quick breakfast, this is a great option!
1	I eat at the Waffle House  periodically.  But this location profiles clients.  When arriving to the waffle house we were given a regular menue.  Then I noticed all the ither customers were getting the all you can eat menu.   When I askes the waitress for the all you can eat menu she ignored me.  So I thought she didn't hear me and asked her again.  It was very obvious that she didn't want me to order off that menu.   They were only for certain customers.   So we left and I hear the waitress say she was rude.  Really!!!  If you haven't noticed we are in the 20th century.   Were that traylor trash hillbillies bull isn't excepted anymore. I won't be.back shame on you.
1	Well rude staff. Kitchen was dirty.  Waitress forgot my drink...twice and  the bun looked wrinkles and smashed, won't be back for sure.
5	There is no better omelette than the fiesta (minus the ham).  It has so much creamy egg goodness, spice, and delicious tangy flavor.  I also got the famous hashbrowns with mushrooms on top.  Fast friendly service, and seriously affordable prices.  Nothing beats the waffle house for custom omelettes, hashbrowns, flavor and low price.  Yummy!
1	Just barely sat in,  at least 10 servers and was not helped out for a long time. Finally got my order in and  staff is not happy at all. Will most likely be the last time I come here.
