2	First off, I admit that I don't usually do pedicures.  I rather spend my money on something else- like food!  However, my sister was in town and wanted to take me and my 6 year old daughter to get pedicures for her birthday.  We wanted to all 3 get done at the same time with short notice and this place could accomodate us.  They have 7 massaging pedicure chairs in a row.  The wash, trim, massage and paint was just okay.  And for $25 per person, plus tip I thought that was expensive.  The service was ugh... they didn't speak English or interact with us... only with each other.
3	This place is just ok, and sometimes not great.  I live in the area so its more about convenience then quality. I find the service rushed, and lacking in consistency. I wish they had more fresh colors too, seems like the same colors all year. The owner is good but rarely provides services. I wish this place was better.
2	I live by the "Thrice" Rule.  I'll try anything thrice.  My latest trip, which sparked this review, was a 2 star and so was the first visit.  I can't imagine what a third trip will do, but I will likely try this place again sometime in the future.  My latest experience with this nail shop was about like the first time I went there.  The staff is not very pleasant to work with.  I think the lady that did my manicure at station number 5 was unhappy that day.  She pulled and twisted on my arm as if I were some kind of rag doll.  I asked her nicely to just let me know where she wanted my arm positioned so I could put it there.  As I think about it, she was just plain rude to me during the time she was doing my manicure.  As I think about it more, this salon wasn't packed on a Friday at 5pm.  That should have been a sign.The salon itself was clean.  There are  about 8 spa pedicure chairs and 8 stations for manicures.  If you are here looking to determine if you want to go to the nail salon, I would say try it out.  Don't expect anything glamorous and you'll be just fine.
1	I stopped at this place on my way into work knowing that I an extra hour to kill and needed a basic fill hoping to not end up with anything too boring. I got there 5 minutes before they were supposed to open at 9:00, the owner opened the door at 9:05 no biggie we all run late but then told me to wait another 5 minutes for another tech to show up.  After waiting 10 mins she told me to go and sit #7 and she took a seat took one look at my nails and looked overwhelmed and irritated b/c I had jewels she needed to clip off before starting. She took another 4 or so mins to get a total of 2 of my gems off (they were basic gems that all nail places use) she hears the door in the back and before the guy could get to the front she was yelling for him to take over my fill.  So she moves me over to another station and I wait another 5 minutes for him to get in and settled while no progress is being made on my nails (I'll get back to the owner in a minute)A 20 something guy comes to start...some of my best nails have come from guys doing em so don't think that's where this went bad...he sits down looking tired and not saying anything not one word.  As it went on it just got more and more awkward as time went by without him saying anything and even more because he took way longer than any other fill I've ever gotten because he was a super perfectionist killing time for the teeniest detail that wasn't even noticeable to me.  The 1st time he said one word was when my nails were already filled and ready to be polished and he tried to up sell me to the colored gel for an extra $5 which I turned down.  As I'm going to wash my hands I noticed the owner that seemed to busy to do my nails was sitting directly behind me watching some show on her Ipad.  All in all it wasn't one huge thing that will make this shop loose my future business but with poor customer service, plus taking way too long for a simple fill and in my opinion too steep of prices.
5	I love this place I have been everywhere and I always end up here. I have even been to Dolce Spa. This is the only place I like how they do my gel nails Tracy does a really good job and the price is good compare to other fancy places I been to. They are really clean with their pedicures they clean the tub with bleach and disinfectant they disinfect all nail clippers and tools the they use before each use.
3	I usually get my nails and eyebrows from tracy. She does a great job. But the last couple of times tracy was not available and the lady you did my eye brows totally messed it up.
1	I wouldn't recommend this place, paid 25 for a pedicure, lamest one I've ever received, top coat and base coat didn't cover the whole nail and was raised at cuticle the next next day. The chairs are not comfortable
1	Worst experience ever. Equipment was not cleaned properly. They charged more than I normally pay at my regular place Biagio and their service was no where close to as good. I do not recommend.
5	Excellent service, clean, elegant, great service. Got in right away on a Saturday. Close to home. Vet thorough. They are a bit pricey, but ultimately worth it. And it's close to home. I love that they're non-judgemental about callouses.
2	I went in and was surprised to be the only customer. I went in around 2 pm on a Wednesday afternoon. It was slightly awkward because the man who did my nails did not really say one word to me. I asked him to cut my nails short but he did not listen and kept them long. I am slightly annoyed. He did an okay job, mediocre. My nails are a little bit messy. I think that the prices are too high. I did appreciate the nice atmosphere, the salon was good nice looking in comparison to other salons in the area.
