5	The better half and I just closed on our house, which happens to have a very large, and beautiful pool. We want to keep it that way, so pool service is a must. I heard about Honest Pool Care from my brother-in-law who speaks very highly of them.In that I am heading out of town, I wanted get an estimate ASAP. I spoke with the manager Steve, who said he would call the owner Kevin and try to have him come same day. Kevin was able to come within in hour of my call ( he was in the hood!) and he was awesome. In that I am a first time pool owner, I really needed some Pool Maintenance 101. I thought I filled it with water and would be done with it, turns out there are pumps and motors and filters and blah blah my head hurts. Kevin explained to me how everything works, and gave me a clear idea of everything I need. He explained how my filter is a bit small for my pool, 300 gallons vs 500, but he was very chill and indicated as a brand new home owner, it is not high on the priority list, that I can wait until it stops working - which I found comforting, in that I'm already terrified by the all the bills I'm just now realizing I have to pay.....(.Home depot ads just took on a whole new meaning) I liked that Kevin didn't come over and just start trying to sell me stuff. We then talked about equipment. I don't have any, and my pool is currently full of leaves. Kevin explained all the different models of vacuums, in relation to my awkward shaped pool, and the diving board. He explained the pro's and cons of each, and told me he could sell one to me, or simply show me the model he had in mind and I could buy it online. ZERO PRESSURE to buy from him, just very straight forward, matter of fact and down to earth. I have worked in sales my whole career, and I really liked his tone. As for the service, we agreed upon a monthly rate which I think is very fair. He explained to me how sometimes rates can adjust as equipment is needed, but I  shouldn't expect any surprises in my bill, and I will be alerted anytime a larger fix is needed. I will update the review once I have continued ongoing service, but for now the customer service was top notch, and Kevin is totally the kind of guy you would invite over for a BBQ.
5	Wow! The employees and owner all live up to the name and their mission. The owner came by to check out my situation the next day after I contacted Honest Pool Care. He was very eager to check it out, as he was concerned about the problem becoming worse if we waited too long. He was very thorough during his visit. He wasn't there for the full hour. Therefore, he had no interest in charging me for the full hour visit. He gladly reduced the price for me. Awesome! He could have very easily charged me full price as he was there for more than 30 minutes. He told me what he thinks might be the root of the issue but stressed he would talk it over with some repair techs to be sure and to avoid unnecessary costs and repairs. After discussing with his crew, he called me to inform me of their findings the following day. I love that this company is on top of things! Regretfully, I was a former Poolman customer. Dealing with that company is like pulling teeth. It takes a week just to talk about an issue with that awful company.  He was honest and told me what he had initially thought was the issue, no longer seems to be an issue at all. He explained to me what was going on and offered me options to fix this problem.  I appreciate that as well because he could have easily taken advantage and  only offer one solution...one where his company would profit. Experiencing this level of great customer service helps to ease my nervous attitude toward this situation. Also, I must note that I live in South Phoenix. I called multiple pool companies that claim they service Phoenix and surrounding areas. However, none of them were willing to come this far south. Honest Pool Care, according to this site, services Tempe and surrounding areas. This company is willing to come to this area. Also, they could use horrible business tactics and "tax me" in a way for the drive but, thankfully, they did not. I absolutely love this company.
5	I own a house in Tempe, and my house is currently up for sale while I live out of state pursuing a new opportunity. Unable to take care of the pool myself now being away, I found Mark on Yelp actually and gave him a call after seeing his Yelp deal and positive reviews. All in all, I was completely impressed by Mark and his service. Hiring any service remotely is tricky, but Mark made it a breeze with excellent communication. I specifically asked that he keep me updated via text since that's best for me, and on each visit to clean my pool, he texted comments and sent pictures from my pool so I could track the progress. In a matter of a few visits, Mark turned the pool from green and slimy to clear and attractive. I'd HIGHLY recommend Mark, even though I've never even met him face-to-face, to anyone looking for pool service in the Valley. It's refreshing to get such great service as a homeowner and to know my money was well spent on a hard-working company who takes pride in what they do.
