5	This place recently opened in December of 2010.  Nice place to go to hang out with your toddler.  I believe they allow up to 6 years old to join. Very relaxed atmosphere with nice play ground setup. Lots of toys for kids and coffee, snacks, TV's, magazines and leather couches for the adults to chill.  Owners are very nice and monthly membership is very affordable.  If you don't want child to freeze in the winter or burn in the summer Kinderland Cafe is the place to be.
5	My toddler is a big fan of Kinderland Cafe and so am I!  I don't know why I didn't come up with this business plan myself!Since it was raining yesterday and I had already promised my daughter a day at the park- Kinderland Cafe was a great life saver.  I had come here once before when they first opened in December, and am happy to return. There are plenty of toys, slides, a swing, ball pits-  for infants to 6 year olds.  Many of the toys we have at home, like dolls and doll strollers and a play kitchen- but there is just something more fun about playing with it elsewhere (plus I don't have to clean up).  It is very safe atmosphere, and the owners are extremely friendly.  I am looking forward to bringing my daughter back more often especially when my second child is born.  Sitting on the leather couch with a warm cup of coffee and magazine, while my daughter is free to explore, play, and exert some energy already sounds heavenly. The bathrooms and changing table areas are clean and there are step stools so toddlers can easily reach the sink too. They sell snacks and drinks, and there are toddler sized tables and adult sized too.  They really have thought of everything. There are different pricing options.  For a single entry visit, it is $12 for first child and $8 for siblings.  Or you can pre-pay $100 for 10 visits, $135 for 15 visits.  There are also unlimited membership options.  *Don't forget your socks- since shoes must be taken off and socks are required.  If you forget- no worries- they sell socks there too.
5	I took my 13 month old here today for the first time and was very happy with our experience. Seeing as how my daughter is on hour 2 of her afternoon nap right now I think it's safe to say she had a great time too! There are 2 ball pits, one for older kids and one for younger children. There are lots of different toys, a great play kitchen, a large doll house you can go inside, different sized slides, a little baby rollercoaster, etc. I could go on and on!I doubt I could afford this place more than a couple times a month since it is $12.00 but would consider getting one of the package deals to make it a little cheaper. (I think you can get 10 visits for 100.)I can't comment on the coffee because I didn't get any. I wish you could bring your own coffee and food in but they have a sign that says "no outside food or drink" so I am pretty sure that's not allowed. I understand where they are coming from. If everyone brought it happy meals it would be a mess. Plus, they want you to buy their coffee.A great place to play with your kids, chat with friends, and even meet new mommy friends!
4	My 14-month-old son and I visited this place over Labor Day weekend. I have been to many indoor play gyms in San Diego and Kinderland Cafe is well-run and clean. The toys are all fairly new and the staff is very attentive. There are also couches throughout so parents can relax while sitting close to their kids.
4	Very Clean. Area for snacks and large changing table room. Owners were very approachable. My children loved it for the 3 hours we were there. It was very busy around 10 am. I do live in CA, and I think it's a bit overpriced for an indoor playroom, typically around $8-$10 here.
5	I am a mother of a (very active) two year old boy.  This place has been an absolute godsend for us.  It is a safe, clean, relaxed, friendly and a SUPER fun place for kids.  The owners are such kind and caring people that always make you feel at home.  They are constantly updating the play space with new toys so your little one will stay interested.  It is so comfortable for moms because they have coffee, big comfy couches and wi-fi.  There is nothing like knowing your child is safe and having fun and then getting to relax and enjoy yourself too!
5	My 4 year old daughter went there with my parents and she didn't wanna leave.  They literally stayed there for SIX HOURS cause she had so much fun!  She's going there again today ... well worth the $12 for a whole day's fun ;)
4	Kinderland is awesome for kids! I'd say its more geared for children 3 1/3 and under, 4 would still enjoy but I think the toys are suited for toddler/preschool age.    It is very clean, and the kids have a blast. While you sit on the comfy couch and read, watch t.v work or get out and play with them.  That also have a little cafe, much like a snack bar really. Decent coffee.
4	My twin boys, aged 15 months, loved this place and so did I.  The boys loved the ball pits and slide along with the toy kitchen and many other toys geared for the under 3 set.  I loved that the place was big enough to entertain the kids and small enough that I felt comfortable supervising them myself.  Not to mention the staff was very friendlt and helpful.  I would have given 5 stars but the price is kind of steep.  If it was a little less expensive, we'd go more often.
5	I've taken my son here a few times and it is so convenient because they have drop-in rates and you don't have to have a yearly membership to enter the building. Our son's 5th bday was coming up and my husband told me that we were not having a party at our house because it will be too much work.  Thinking about his party last year I agreed. I instantly thought of this place because it seemed so unique and not done too much by other families.I booked about 1 month in advance and I paid half and then paid the rest a few days before the party. They offer so many add-ons for your party like a clown, face painter, and dancing. I didn't get any add-ons and I bought my own decorations. The day before the party I dropped off the decorations and they made me feel so relieved because they told me not to worry about anything, it will all be taken care of. Just show up 15 minutes before the party with the food and the cake and they will take care of the rest. And that's what they did.The parties are on Sunday and they are 2 hour blocks. The Cafe is for your party only and it is not open to the public. We had about 7 kids show up from ages 2 to 5 years and they all had so much fun. Even the parents because there are couches!!!!Highly recommend for parties!!!!
5	This place is awesome, clean, spacious, and fun. My toddler and infant had a blast. The owners are really nice. You can tell they have a heart for children, and they are proactive in ensuring that the play area is safe. I highly recommend.
4	Went to a child's birthday party and all the kids had a great time. A bit chaotic, loud and screaming kids everywhere :)
2	We took our daughters for a birthday party.  The kids all had a good time but the adults were treated poorly.  The owners were rude and kept complaining how clean they want to keep the place.  The owner actually brought a guy back inside because he was outside in his socks and didn't want him to dirty up the place.  Did u mention he was rude about it?  One more thing I didn't like to see:  the lady was vacuuming in the middle of the party.  It's a kids party with food.  Of course it's going to get messy and dirty.
1	This place is not that great. First, the layout is weird so you can't see your kid everywhere. Second, myself and my friends have had issues with the owners grandchildren on separate occasions. They are mean to other kids and when approaching the owners, they do nothing about it. One owner yelled at my friends son for doing NOTHING (he was only 1.5 yrs old). Or my favorite is when one of the owners was going around sniffing kids butts to find out who pooped...she then took the kid by the arm, went from parent to parent to find out who she belonged to so she could change her (she was wearing a diaper, so not an accident in pants). How embarrassing for the kid. We won't be back when there are other play places in town that are way better.
5	We chose this place for my daughter's first birthday party. It was perfect! The employees were so helpful. They helped us set out all the food and collected the presents from guests. We had kids ranging from 1-6 years old at the party and everyone had fun. There were age appropriate items for all of the children to do. The employees interacted with the children and helped make sure everyone was having fun. The adults could sit back, relax and watch the football game. I would definitely recommend this place for a birthday party for children 5 and under. Thank you Kinderland!
5	My daughter just turned 1 and she's been coming here for several months. I really like that they have a "baby" section which is closest to the windows facing the parking lot. The couches are comfortable and a cozy place to visit other mommy friends. Now that my daughter can walk she loves moving around the place and exploring the other toys and slides they have. I like how they continue to buy new toys and upgrade so kids don't get bored. The owners are very caring and will assist the kids going up and down the slides. There have been many times when I just wanted to visit a friend and the owner will assist and play with the babies to give us moms a break!! Highly recommended.
3	Nice place for littles to play. It has a variety of things to do and lots of room to run around. The lady who runs it seems to really like the kids. She even jumps in the ball pit with them to play. It also has free wifi and comfy couches for adults to kill some time while their kids play. My 16 month old daughter enjoys it and we were both worn out afterwards several hours of play.
5	Great place!  Took my 14 mo old last week and he had a ball.  The owners were wonderful and kind and knew every name of their regular clients- (kiddos, parents and nannies).  The toys were clean and there was tons to do.  The coffee and snacks were great for the adults too.  I enjoyed it as much as my boy and we will be regulars to this wonderful facility.
5	I love Kinderland cafe so much! The people who work there really care about the kids and are very attentive to what they might like. One visit, they saw my 2 year old  was really enjoying playing with a truck, so they bought over their newest, coolest truck for him to check out. On our last visit, they saw my son looking at a partially deflated balloon that was left from a birthday party and went into the back and made him a brand new balloon and tied it on his wrist. Of course it came undone within minutes and flew up into the rafters of the ceiling and they made him another one for him to take home! Thank you Kinderland for treating us like family. We will see you soon =)
3	Overall a great place for small children.  But they don't let you take food in.
4	great place! the owners are really nice and they try to get to know the kids and play with them. the place is really clean. why 4 stars? I would've given 5 stars if they enforce the "NO SICK CHILDREN" rule more. There was a time when my daughter's playtime was cut short because of a coughing child running around the place, while his mother was just sitting down comfortably on the couch reading magazines.
4	Since the recent heat wave has us avoiding the open sun, we searched for an indoor playground and found this place. First let me say I'd give 5 stars but the place was soooo hot! There were fans but unless you were in front of one it didn't help. My daughter's head was soaked with sweat when we left. The people who run the place were really friendly and always smiling. They do require you wear socks, something not many people in Hawaii do,so we had to buy which they have here. The place was clean, smell-free, and had plenty of options for my daughter to explore. I like that there was an age limit so that she wasn't competing with big kids for the toys. We'll be back before our vacation is over.
5	I have been here a couple times since my last review and I wanted to update my rating because Kinderland Cafe has gotten  even better!I really like this place because there is just so much for the kids to play on, in, with, and just explore, that you know they won't get bored.  There are 2 ball pits, a train table. jungle gyms, slides, climbing thingys, cars, play houses, and so much more.  No matter how active your kid is, they will find something to entertainment themselves.There are also things for the grown ups too.  There are comfy sofas to sit on, relax, and watch your kid play.   They have magazines around too, if you want to read a bit. There is a small cafe section where you can grab a coffee or set up your laptop and get some work done with the free wifi that is available here.The owners seems really friendly too.  The lady who runs the front desk will also go out and play with the kids.  She helps them and wants to make sure they are having a good time too.  She seems to really enjoy being with the little ones.They will also work with you if you want to set up a playdate.  I set up the July UYE Little Yelper Playdate with them and they gave me a discounted rate and welcomed us with open arms.The rates are reasonable for what I have seen in Vegas.  A single visit is $12 or you can prepaid 10 visits for $100.  They also have membership programs that are different prices depending on what you want.  If you set up a playdate group, they will discount your single day rate.  I was given a rate of $8 per child for my group.  I have seen this location on Groupon/Living Social in the past, but that was before I had a kid, so I didn't pay attention to the prices then.If you want a fun play to take your kids, check out Kinderland Cafe.
4	This place is cool!  It is normally $12, but we had a special group rate of $8.  We only got to spend about 2hrs here, but that's pretty cheap fun for the little man!There is tons of stuff for the little ones to do, with lots of slides, ball pits, train table, jungle gyms,plenty of cars, and a little ramp/raceway for the cars, houses, and more!  Everything seemed to be clean and comfortable.  I like how the owner/employee was also running around, playing with the kids, picking up after them etc...not just statues behind a desk!I am sure I will be back at some point...it's a bit of a drive for me, but it's convenient to Buldogis and the movie theater in the same parking lot!
5	Just got home from kinderland and we're pretty happy! Little one & I got there around 11:30 and there was a decent amount of people. Kids ranged from 1-5 and it was awesome! My daughter, who is 4, found some friends and they ran around. As she was playing I pulled out my iPad and used their free wifi. You will need a password which is on the wall behind the counter. Both my daughter and I were entertained for hours! I mean we stayed till 4pm! We did notice that they had a no outside food or drinks rule so we just got stuff from their cafe. It is a bit more pricey compared to a vending machine. If you don't want to eat here they allow you to grab food outside and come back. Any way I basically watched movies on my iPad the whole time. Oh the one downfall would be the parents who don't discipline their rude children but it comes with the territory. & another thing I thought I should mention is their cleanliness..I noticed several times the owners sanitizing toys and play areas which made me happy. I also noticed them vacuuming. Good stuff right? If I didn't have to go back to our duty station I'd get their monthly deal! For now I'll just spend the 12 bucks per visit till I leave!
5	This place is a blessing for stay at home moms during the winter months. Pay the $12, it's worth it! Thank you, Kinderland, for being a safe, clean, WARM environment for my toddler to play in.
5	I'm writing an update on my review for this place. I booked my daughters 2nd birthday party here just yesterday and it was a hit!! The owners do such a great job with decorations (which you can pay them extra to buy) and the cost was very reasonable. $325 for 2 hours. Most places charge at least $25-50 more and only offer 1.5 hours. Also it is great for parents to get to know each other better since the kids get the entire place to play. They include drinks and setup plus clean up, which is always a plus for me. It was easy, fun, relaxing. The kids were crying because they didn't want to leave. Highly recommended for birthday parties. LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
5	I like this place because there is a wide range of toys for all ages. I can meet friends there that have older or younger children from my son's age and no one has to compromise. The staff is always consistent, so my son and I both feel comfortable there. They work very hard to keep the place clean, always wiping down surfaces and toys. The bathrooms are spacious and always clean as well. We just had a birthday party here and were thrilled with the outcome. The kids loved every minute of it, and there was virtually no set-up or clean-up on my end. They provide the juice, water, soda, plates, napkins, cups, plastic wear and decorations. I paid a little extra for free coffee for the adults and a face painter for the kids, but it was worth it! I usually prefer an outdoor park, but when it's chilly, windy, or the Vegas heat comes, Kinderland is our first choice!
4	Nice. I mean, $12 is kind of expensive, but the place itself is nice. Definitely not too big, when it's packed your kid (especially if you have a tiny one) will be surrounded by bigger kids running and yelling, but that's what these places are all about I guess.The owners are GREAT, super nice and friendly, I'm not crazy about the fact you can't bring your own food, I mean, what if I want to feed my kid fruits and veggies and not industrial snacks? Their coffee for grown-ups is a great idea though (and a pretty good coffee). The place itself is clean, the bathroom did not smell good, but... Baby poop, what can you do!Overall I like some other indoor playgrounds better than this one, but this place, as I said at the beginning, is nice. just nice.
4	First time coming here this past Monday, 3-17-14. Been wanting to come now for a while especially after hearing a lot of good things about this place. First impression when I walked through the doors, WOW! this place is nice, clean, decent size and has a lot of toys. The gentleman greeted me and asked if it was my first time, I of course said yes. We showed up at around 5:15p, not knowing they closed at 6p. I still got charged the $12 even though my daughter wasn't there for even an hr. I thought he could have charged me half the price since they were going to close in about 45 minutes, but I guess not. Most places charge $10 so I thought $12 is a bit pricey but it's also worth it for the cleanliness of the place. Aside from that, I loved this place. Like I mentioned before, they have a variety of toys, which I like and what I really like is that their clean and not beat up or dirty like some of these places have. I also liked that the kids here are young. I'm guessing from babies to like 4yrs old which makes it fun and fair for them because at some of the other places I've been, they have the older kids and their just a bit rough on the young ones. So I really liked that.They have a "waiting area" for the parents which they offer Wi-Fi, coffee, drinks and snacks, kind of pricey though so bring your own juice. They also have a massage chair which is neat. Not only is this place nice for the kids but also very relaxing for the parents.
2	This place is ok. We have been here a number of times. I have two kids one is 9 months old and was charged full price. This place is way too expensive just for play. The owners are either too friendly or rude. One of the ladies was all over my son. She was kissing him and rubbing his head before I picked him up to take him away. I was with a fellow mom and we were talking and the same lady came over to add herself to the conversation. Uh I didn't come here to talk to you! I watched her cleaning up, which is great, but she was cleaning up toys that were literally in kids hands. My daughter was pushing a stroller and walked away for a second to add new stuff to it and she took it away. Thank you for being friendly, but maybe not so friendly! $12 per child is way too expensive especially for a 9 month old! $24 for two or three hours of fun is not worth it. I will probably be back but not often! There are plenty of other nice indoor places that aren't as expensive.
5	Clean!!!! This place is great, clean - I mean really clean and good toys, no broken once. We have been to 3-4 different indoor play areas, but this one is number one. Great owners, good flow of the play ground and also comfortable sitting for the parents and free magazines to browse while child is playing. Most playground in Vegas are bacteria filled and pretty nasty. Here I feel like my kid won't get sick by playing.
5	Love this place. More importantly my precious granddaughter loves it. Clean and friendly. It does get a little warm... but that's Vegas.
5	I've been to most of the indoor gyms in town and this is THE BEST.  The ambience for this type of facility is laid-out very well; comfortable seating for parents with a great overall view to keep an eye on the kids.  The toys are clean and the batteries are always charged.  Every month they seem to have new items to play with.  The cost is a little pricier than some of the other gyms but if you value cleanliness, ambience, variety and functional toys and equipment, this is the place to be. I've read the other reviews and there's some negativity surrounding the owners' involvement with the kids. My perspective is they view themselves as hosts of your experience at Kinderland and they do their best to keep everyone happy and entertained.  I also feel that some of this is cultural. Part of this means knowing your child's name and taking them by the hand from time to time if they need help or want to get in on the dance parties that happen throughout the day. :)
5	This place is amazing!!!!! Friendly staff and super clean! My little guys goes nuts over bubbles and the lady owner walks around blowing them until she's ready to pass out lol!  We had a great time Thomas train set was a favorite! Keep up the great work!
5	This is a great place to take your little ones for some playtime. My boyfriend was doing some work in the area when he came across Kinderland Cafe and told me about it for our 18 month son. I decided to take him not excepting that he would love it.Kinderland has a lot of toys to keep the children entertained for hours. We in fact have spent 2 to 3 hours each time we have gone. The owners interact with the children by signing, dancing, and at times blowing bubbles.
4	We visited a similar type of business in Henderson, but were slightly disappointed since most of the activities were for older kids. We were happy to stumble into Kinderland on Saturday only to find that Summerlin had a better version. It was slightly busy, maybe 8 other parents and their kids in the place. We were impressed that the floor space was all open, it's easy to keep track of your little ones should you chose to hang out on a couch. It was a little awkward getting set up with the owner. She just kinda stared at us at first and I mentioned it being our first time and then she came to life a bit. Ultimately, the customer service could have been a bit better. My favorite part was that there are tons of toys for younger kids. Our daughter is one and she could play with almost everything. She made her way around the room a few times and definitely had a blast. It was fun to play with her and watch her explore. We ended up staying for an hour and a half. They were having a special where you got 10 visits for $75. We couldn't really commit to 10 visits, so we forked over the $12 for our visit. I do think it's a bit pricey, $10 seems much more reasonable. We will most likely return when our little one needs some time away from the house, especially during the blazing hot summer.
5	Fun fun fun!!!Great atmosphere , good vibes!My son loves going thereGreat area for eating, chillin and enjoying time with the children
5	We've come here a number of times and my 3 kids ages 1, 3, and 4 always have a blast.  The owners are always extremely kind and do a great job watching over my kids so I can get that much needed break!  At the park I have to hover to make sure my 1 year old doesn't fall and break her neck or overheat, but here I can relax and read a book.  I would buy a membership if we weren't moving soon, so instead we get punch cards.  Our favorite indoor playground.
3	I really like this place. The owners are extremely friendly. Unfortunately, every time we have been my son has gotten a cold shortly after. Also, their wifi never connects. I always have to have the owner connect me to a separate one they have. Within ten minutes it always disconnects making it impossible for me to get any work done while my son plays. If I'm going to pay $12 for my son to play a couple hours I don't want to be worried he will be sick within a few days.
3	Good place for kids to play. Lots of toys and equipment.  But it's pricy. $11 per child! I have 3 kids. That's very expensive for just approx an hr of play. They need to give some sort of discount  for people with multiple children.
