4	Love it!Another bartender named David - same stellar service.....  He says "Red or White"  with a couple of follow up questions and again - a fabulous glass of wine.  See my other review for the Sportsman on Camelback...  Fantastic!!!  Thrilled to have a location closer to home.
3	This place confounds me...They have an excellent beer and wine selection. As a matter of fact, their beer selection is one of the best I've seen in AZ. Tons of micro-beers and many different and unique bottles of rare Euro- brau. For the selection, to stop by and pick something up and go, this place is great. As a restaurant/Wine Bar bar, I give this place a big...Meh.The service was terrible. Of the party of 6, everyone that ordered a glass of wine, only got one. They sat with their glasses empty for at least 30 minutes. Those of us drinking beer, just walked over to cooler and grabbed a beer. We also had an appetizer. We got the warm pretzels with gourmet mustard. It was frozen pretzels they microwaved with Honey mustard. They were still cool in the middle and a little stale. Maybe it was just an off night or something, I'll probably give it another shot.
4	I used to go to the Sportsman's on Camelback quite a bit, so I'd been meaning to go to this one which I live much closer to.Finally made it the other night.Same great wine selection, same great light meals, especially their cheese selection (I LOVE cheese!), including a fantastic grilled cheese sandwich, knowledgeable staff, and even a free internet hotspot.The only problem? It's all hard surfaces, and the reverberation is TERRIBLE.  The sound of a party of 6 all moving their chairs to leave at the same time made me hold my ears & grit my teeth. It was exactly like the proverbial chalk on the blackboard. I was in a group of people, and I could not hear the person 2 seats down from me, with all the voices were bouncing around it was one huge din.I really want to get back there soon, but not at a time when they will be busy.PS - I would really give this place a 4-1/2 if I could.
3	Good gosh - when will you guys lower your prices to come somewhere - ANYwhere near the 3 other wine & liquor retailers near-by?  You have to be, on average, 25% more than safeway {in the same plaza}, and roughly 35% (or much more) than Phoenix Wines.  (example Nickel Cab: you guys @ $80, Phx wines under $40.  Decoy: You guys $29, Phx wines $21, Prisoner Red, you guys $45, safeway & Phx wines $33).Once in a while you have a pretty ok event.  Your Greek Wine Tasting and appetizer plate was quite nice (hence the bump up from 2 stars to the 3 stars).  Also, the table service is seriously - looking for a descriptive word, can't find one, cuz it's just strange & inconsistent.  I get creeped out with who serves me there.  It's like I'm Jim Carey on the Truman show, and I always say my lines wrong.  I don't like feeling uncomfortable when I'm suppose to be set at ease and being served & made to feel comfortable for coming into an establishment.  Yes, I might be back, since I live so close-by - depending on if there's an interesting event coming up...,,,,
2	This was a flat tire for me too.:(  It seemed like it would be a great idea but the service was less then hospitable, the food was portioned for a small mouse...and it was boring and literally thrown on a plate.  If this place wants to be a player it needs to get something better to wash down the wine with!
3	Tried this place last night (a Thursday) around 6:30 pm and there were about a dozen people in the place.  It didn't get much busier.  The bartender was very friendly and helpful with regard to the wine and food menu.  He tipped my friend off to a red wine that she loved and I enjoyed my well-priced glass of Cartlidge & Brown.  All was good, until the food...we ordered a cheese plate and the quantity of cheese was daunting...three big globs of similar brie-type cheeses accompanied by some grapes and half a slice apple.  The bread was not warm and was your basic french stick, likely from safeway next door.   Each cheese plate on the menu had 3 similar cheeses.   Crazy.  I asked if we could mix up the cheeses but it was going to charged by the cheese, etc...it would have been simpler if it was like Armitage, where you just choose 3 cheeses off the list and you get some great bread and fruit.   I'm one of those people who likes to know what I'm paying before I order it.   We also chose a roasted garlic which was supposed to come with bread, but I guess they figured we already had enough so it came solo on a lonely plate of its own.  It was over-roasted.  (believe me, I've made this at home dozens of times)  We tried the cuban pork sliders...again the bread...boring...I've had a real cuban sandwich and this was just a disappointment.   The atmosphere is weird...sort of like dining on the side of a supermarket, with the bright lights shining through.   The selection in the wine store appeared very good.   I don't know if I'll go back...the wine was good, but the food, not so much.
4	Bought this Groupon and waited until it was about to expire to use it.  My expectations weren't high after reading some of the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised.  Good selection of wines, knowledgeable staff and the food was more than decent.  The couscous salad was perfect with the featured wine.  Dane and Darby, or was it Devan and Deakon or Dunkin?  I don't remember and I don't care!  They were beyond patient - there when you needed them without hovering or pestering. We told then what we like and they made recommendations that were spot on.  Relaxing atmosphere and nice vibe.  See you again D-men.
4	My husband and I finally made it to Sportsman's at the Scottsdale and Shea location last Friday night. We invited another couple to join us. We have been to the location on Camelback several times and always enjoyed it. I am happy to say we enjoyed this location too.It was busy but not so busy that we couldn't carry on a conversation. We are white wine drinkers and ordered a bottle of I want to say Ponzi Pinot Gris or Grigio. At $16.99 per bottle we thought it was very reasonable. Our friends prefer red wine and ordered a bottle of Cambria Pinot Noir which they enjoyed. Slightly more expensive (low $20's) but still not unreasonable.We all had the baked goat cheese bruscetta which was excellent. Also ordered some hummus and some olives. All very good.Our server was knowledgeable and pleasant.Finally, their wine glasses are sparkling CLEAN!! A pet peeve of mine is to go somewhere for a glass of wine and have it served in a filthy wine glass. This has happened to me many times at many different locations. It makes such a difference having a clean glass with no dishwasher spots on it, lipstick or the like.We will definitely be back!
