3	Fun environment, good service.If you are tired of high prices for average drinks, then this is another place to bring a flask to. I did not see a single tap and the beers are kinda standard; nothing to exciting and prices just over reasonable.Been there 3 times and the bartenders are attentive and helpful. One bartender accidentally gave me too many beers in a bucket and other other politely explained to me that "she gave you an extra, enjoy it and don't worry, but I didn't want you to be surprised when there is 1 less next time." This is a situation that makes guest service snobs like me very proud to give an establishment by business.
1	DTM: Doing Too MuchA bar that serves food without beers-on-draft isn't a bar at all. Fill the place up with old people, a heavy metal band you've never heard of, and deck the place in horror film decorations... the usual barfly will be quite disoriented. FOOD: The "menu" is freakishly small. We ordered the fried mushrooms, a burger, and a sausage & peppers sub. It was served up on plates that looked like they came out of a Color Me Mine studio. That's acceptable at home, but at a bar? Once I got over the whack plates, I discovered the food tasted as though a college kid cooked our meal in a dorm-room kitchenette--if you get what I mean: cold bread, basic condiments, and no flavor. To say the least, it was edible.I can make better food at home. And considering that no one else in the joint was eating, our food took abnormally long to get to the table. DRINKS: Liquor. Bucket of PBR deal. Exorbitant mark-ups on bottled beer, not a tap in sight. Basic beer selections (nothing special): Bud, Corona, Dos Equis, etc.Underworld is trying to do too many concepts and they're not doing any of them very well. All the employees are decked out as zombies. But I don't consider the services here worth paying for. We used a $5 for $10 Restaurant.com coupon; we have one left but we wish we didn't. This space has been a bit of a fail whale spot; guess Underworld is following in the footsteps of previous occupants!
4	Freaky fun environment ... I kept expecting something to jump out and scare me! The staff was super friendly and drink prices are ok. The food menu is extremely small. I did not order food, so I cannot comment on that aspect of this dark, horror-rest bar. It is very loud, so if that bothers you bring ear plugs but this place is a must visit for horror fans!!
2	Service sucks. And the food sucks. Only reason why I am giving 2 stars is because the DJ is sort of good. And I like the horror-theme they got going on inside, the Jason and zombie bride human figures looks pretty cool.Other than that, this place reminds me of those trashy joints back up in Reno, with art posers all full of themselves inside. They would rather chain smoke than work on their tip, and I regret tipping the bartender before my service was done, especially since she forgot that I prepaid for my second round of drinks and didn't even bother getting started on what I ordered from the menu.When my burger, pasta, and fries finally made it on my table, it was FUCKING COLD! Except the thick fries. It's the same cheap fries that you get from Walmart and throw it into a microwave. The stuff that college kids eat because they are too lazy to cook something real up. Burger was lukewarm, does not feel fully cooked. Everything on the plate felt and tasted like it was made with a half-assed effort. Like they tossed the entire stuff into the microwave and took 15 minutes to bring it back out. Like what a previous reviewer said, they are trying to do everything at once, and failing at every aspect of it.There are plenty of other places along the Chinatown area where the workers take more pride in their jobs. Here, this place is sort of nasty.
3	I've been here twice and I am going to start going more often...So, I am updating from 4 to 3 stars and seeing Underworld can earn 1 or 2 more.Pros: It is a fun place, well decorated, with a great sound system and hosting cool events... such as the Wednesday Late Night KILL OR BE KILLED Comedy Show and cool local music.Cons: Uninspired selection, unfriendly service and prices that change depending on who you order from.Check it out for yourself and give it a chance.It can be a great pace and I'm sure it will do well with a bit of TLC.
1	Came here while on a trip to Vegas...worst decision for my night..The decor could have been good, it's a fun concept but is destroyed by employees/owners. All that were working were 2 waitresses at the bar in makup, a sound guy in makeup and the owner... I met the owner and it was unfortunate, a cocky, non greatful man in a wife beater, yah its hot out but it's also a restaurant put some clothes on.. The drinks were horrible, main complaint. I ask for Jager drinks and they try to sneak harlem by me telling me it is jager.. No need to lie if you dont carry it or if it is too expensive for your location..The macaroni salad was small and had horrible dressing, like the cheap stuff bought at a grocery store..Music: The bands were old and the crowd was their old wifes...
2	Cool atmosphere. Drinks are quite high priced for being off the strip. ($4.00 for a canned Bud Light???)Lower drink prices and this would get 4-5 stars...
2	Came in here to meet up with friends. Live metal band with a horror theme inside as their decor and full of people dressed in black in graphic metal band tees. It was a Saturday night and the band was rocking it and I was actually enjoying it until to the point when I wanted to order drinks.Worst effing experience in my life!!! Me and my buddy waited at the bar making eye contact on the only two bar tender working on a Saturday night! Wtf? I'm waving, yelling and waiting and still no attemp to come where I was at! It came to a point where a stranger had to intervene and yell at the bartender that I needed to be served so she came looking all unpleasant and not really giving a damn or working for tips. Guess what, it's a rarity that I don't tip because of bad service but this one was not worth even a measly dollar!Went over to the area to shoot some pool. Roomie kicked my ass and so I had to buy the next round of beers.  Waved down a server after she just served the people near us and asked for two budlight. She said yea but never came back! Searched her out to see if she completely forgot because it was a busy night but she was just there watching the band and smoking! Really? I hate to bring race into this but it seems like I was being ignored because of the way I was dressed and ethnicity.  I didn't fit in at all. The majority were white with metal band style attire and here I am dressed like an average joe and the only Filipino in the place. This was was going to be a 4 star the first 10 min but service just killed it after.
5	awesome atmosphere! its a horror themed bar you will se micheal myers, leatherface and more adorning the walls.they have great djs spinning house music and live rock bands on occasion. there is tons of seating a game room and even a dance floor. drinks are affordable ,the bartenders are nice, and the owner is very hands on and polite.  i lovethis place
4	The UnderworldIf you like scary movies then this place is for you!! Awesome decorations everywhere, and the bar staff has to be one of the nicest in Las Vegas. Always coming to the tables seeing if you want another beer, or anything else. Nothing on tap, but that's okay by me I like bottles. Mondays is Horror Movie Night with free candy and popcorn, plus they had a great variety show before hand that had the crowd laughing and having a great time.This place is fun and amazing, and I will for sure be back time and time again
4	This place rocks! I kicked myself for not coming here sooner! The decor of scary movie posters, the movie of killer clowns from outer space playing in the background (Im afraid of clowns so my focus as elsewhere), the little arcade in the corner, and the mini stage with lots of space around it was some of the few things that caught my eye when I first walked in. The bartender Jesse "Yea yea" was the coolest dude to talk to. He was very friendly and the service was great. One of the owners played a few tunes with his guitar on the stage since it was pretty dead. That was super sweet. He is a good singer and guitarist, so it felt like he was playing just for the few people who were in there. I really enjoyed the vibe of everyone in the bar, of the place, and of some new beer I tried. Forgot the name, but it had a good crisp taste. I shall be back here, even if I am moving on the other side of town. I will have to go back when I can start sober and enjoy it even more! Also, when I can try their food. I always have to try the food from different bars. A must !
1	Not a fan.So many people call this a "goth" bar.  That couldn't be further from the truth.Tacky decor, rude barstaff, and WAY over priced drinks...I only went to this bar to support my friend who used to host karaoke there.  Now that he doesn't host, I don't have to torture myself anymore.
5	A great time! The owners were working hard and took great care of us. Super cool decor! Will be coming back for the yummy pizza.
5	It was slow on Monday after football but great. Kris is cool, place rocks. Karaoke would have been awesome if I wasn't sick. Pizza great....drinks they came up with from the bar rescue shop were great. I will b back.
1	Saw this place (now called The End) on Bar Rescue so I really wanted to check it out.  Big mistake. I didnt have the opportunity to try a drink, since the 2 bar tenders where too busy in the conversation to take an order for my group. Outside smelled like puke.  The inside smelled like Simple Green and Puke. It was pretty empty (-10 people) on a Friday night, but it was only 11PM which is OK for Vegas. Guess I was expecting a lot more, but I guess, TV has a way of doing that.
4	There's not really a lot of 'goth' or 'psychobilly' places here in Las Vegas that can be local hotspots for those who are into the alternative lifestyle--really, the only one we have here is perhaps the Double Down Saloon located near UNLV. To have more places where all the 'punx" and 'spooky Betties' can hang out is always a nice touch.I heard from my friends that this place was featured on that Bar Rescue TV show. Now I've never been to this bar before it got its make-over, but I can tell you that my first impression was mainly positive.The End used to be called 'The Underworld', although it seems like they still operate under that name as a secondary thing. Regardless, the tacky decor that other reviewers have mentioned before has been replaced by a super cool zombie apocalypse theme, all courtesy of Bar Rescue. Looks like the folks that run this place stuck with the theme for the better. I thought it was badass anyway; felt like I stepped into an episode of 'The Walking Dead' or entered a scene from the Resident Evil games.The bartenders have been polite to me and my group the both times I went there. I finally got around to trying their infamous drink-in-a-huge-plastic-syringe called the 'Zombie Antidote'. The mix had vodka in it, so it was going to be bitter but had enough of other sweet things to it that made drinking from a syringe enjoyable. I wish I was able to keep the syringe, though (seems like they don't let you keep them).I also tried their Double Tap, and I think a drink called 'Lost Vegas'. The former is a another sweet mix, and it even has pop rocks in the drink. The latter is sweet as well and tasted like an alcoholic version of soda or so.Their pizzas are pretty good, and I liked how they had a zombie theme to it as well. I forgot what pizza I ordered, but the flavors really popped with the garlic and herbs or so.As for the music? I was expecting that fit the theme more, you know? When I went there on both occasions, they had dubstep music playing and other stuff I can't even comprehend. Ugh, where the hell is the White Zombie or The Cramps playlist? Even the dubstep version of Rob Zombie's "Dragula" would do.As I mentioned earlier, I went here twice: the first time was on a Saturday night, the week before Halloween and the second time was on a typical Monday night. Now I don't know if it was just for some sort of Halloween special or not, but one of their bartenders was dressed up as a psychobilly chick and I thought that was pretty cool.There seems to be more people on the weekends than on weekdays, but that's to be expected. Monday night was really quiet, even when 10PM hit. The End also hosts karaoke on these nights.I think it would be better to come here during the weekends or at least on Thursdays. I say Thursday because that's when The End hosts its Goth/Industrial nights--this place seems to be the new home for Carpe Noctem. For those who don't know what Carpe Noctem is, they're one of the few goth/industrial gatherings here in Las Vegas that are struggling to stay alive (we really don't have a huge alt scene here in Vegas, unfortunately). They used to be located at a different bar before moving here. This is when The End has the most amount of patrons coming over to hang and party, so definitely try going to their Industrial nights if you can (plus I'm sure they would play better music on these nights, especially ones that fit the horror theme more).(P.S. I asked one of their bartenders during their karaoke night if they have some Misfits songs on their playlist, and the guy said that I was cool for liking horror punk. So if you're spooky kid and you think you have what it takes to scream 'DIE DIE DIE MY DARLING' 10x better than Metallica's cover of the song, then by all means request for some Misfits songs to sing.)
1	I am being generous with my star because I love the pizza at this place.  Where to start with this place?  My girlfriends and I went in and the place was empty.  The service was a bit slow but the guy behind the bar, Jazz, chatted with us after we pulled conversation out of him.  I mentioned we were locals.  He seemed uninterested.   We fell in love with the decor and all the fun items in the room.   I loved the fact that we had the spot to ourselves & the decor,  so I called my husband and his business partner to join us.  They met up with us and we tried the pizza.  We had one that had chorizo and were blown away  by the flavor so we ordered another pizza.  As we were waiting on the food a camera crew showed up.  After a time of them setting up equipment they asked us if we would be willing to be on camera for Bar Rescue.  We agreed.  Thank goodness we were there or they wouldn't have had anyone to show on the shoot.A guy with blue hair showed up and was hanging behind the bar.  He was rude and leaning on the bar, watching what the crew was doing.  I asked him if he should clean up or mess of empty plates, dishes and napkins, and he said no he wasn't on the clock.  He laughed and moved to be closer in the background of the camera shot.  I got his attention again and said, "Don't you take pride in your work?  The empty glasses and trash are in the shot.  Show me where the trash can is and I will clear it up."  After some reluctance he helped me clean up the mess.My husband struck up a conversation with Jazz and found out he was one of the owners.  Later we found out that a guy who was watching us from the corner was the other owner.  When we left we said we would be back for the pizza.Two weeks later my husband and I came in. Jazz was working and had no recollection of us.  How do you forget 5 locals who spent hours at your bar and eventually a camera crew making your place look good?  He didn't remember us so he barely talked with us, instead it was a Friday night and there was a group that came in that seemed to take his attention.  We got our pizza but refills on drinks came so slow that we were tired of waiting and decided to leave. Once outside there was the group that had come in and Jazz.  A girl called out, "Why are you leaving?  Stay the dancing is abut to go off."  We politely declined but were shocked at how again the place had such slow service and the owner seemed to be more interested in hanging out than making sure customers were happy.We are gluttons for punishment I guess, because we had some friends in town and took them here for pizza.  They had seen the Bar Rescue show and wanted to try it.  We walked in and there were 6 people at the bar.  (6 on a Friday night happy hour time.)We found a table and I walked up to the bar to order food and drinks.  Jazz was working again.  He was the only one behind the bar.  I ordered drinks and my friend got his food order out.  Jazz then turned his back to us and started making his way around the bar again.  Checking on people and chatting with them.  He came back after checking the bar for drinks.  He gave us our drinks and I said excuse me.  But some new people came in and sat at the bar and he was gone again.  My husband was on the phone and called out, "Get me a Diet Coke please." I said loudly in Jazz's direction, "I'm trying but he hasn't gotten my order yet."After a while he came back and said, "Did you need something." I explained he hadn't gotten my drink and food order, only my friend's order had been completed.  He said, "Okay well what do you want?"  I ordered the chorizo pizza again to which he said, "Oh I care about the safety of my customers.  There was an issue with food poisoning at Firefly.  Did you hear about that."  I nodded dumbfounded."Ever since that has happened I quit.  I have substituted it with sausage.  You will like it."  He said.  I wanted to call BS because the Firefly incident had happened in May or late April.  I had been to this spot twice in less than a month and they had it, but at this point why argue.  I was just happy to have my order taken.  I rolled my eyes a bit and noticed a zombie arm was gone on the wall from the decor.    Where it had been was a grey patch and holes where the nails had once been.  (Mind you this is a black background.)  How hard is it to get a ladder, slap some black paint on a spot, and make the focal point of your bar look somewhat okay?We got our food but as before our drinks were empty.  When we asked the lady that delivered our food about our drinks she said, "I think Jazz is working on that," and disappeared back in the kitchen.  My husband tried to get drinks.  Jazz said he was busy and we would have to wait, as he had the hose in his hand. (We ordered waters and diet cokes.)  I give up this place has the worst service, music, and now what was good pizza is average. This place is a joke, don't go.
4	Pizza was great and they're "Apocalypse" drink is like drinking a twinkie!  It also comes with a piece of twinkie! You should definitely try the drink! I liked the divey-ness of the place and the hands coming out of the wall was pretty cool (although I wish they moved or something!)I can't emphasis that twinkie drink...
4	An apocalyptic-themed bar and restaurant - what's not to love? They have five specialty drinks and I got to try two of them - the one with the pop rocks and the one with a Twinkie on top. I gotta say I was very amused by the pop rock candy making loud fizzy popping noises in the drink, so much that I stole this drink from Max and gave him my drink (which was a coconut rum and pineapple cocktail). I highly recommend this item if you come here.This place attracts the goth scene and almost everyone except our group was dressing in black, covered in tattoos, black lipsticks and black eyeshadow. I dig that. The music was a mix between techno, house and I don't know what; all of which were cool and different to me. I'd say this is a dive bar kind of place - but it's definitely a unique kind of dive bars.
5	The Underworld (now known as 'The End') has moved to a new location, pretty much just right next door to their old one. The new address is now the following:4821 Spring Mountain Rd STE G, Las Vegas, Nevada 89102Also, Carpe Noctem (the bar's popular Goth/Industrial nights) have been moved to Friday (used to be Thursday nights).Seems like the folks who run this bar have only kept a handful of the changes that happened to it when they were on Bar Rescue, which sucks. Hope it's just temporary since they're still moving and all.
5	This bar is still open, now known as The End and has moved to 4821 Spring Mountain Rd STE G, Las Vegas, Nevada 89102.  I was recommended to check out the place by a friend who saw them on "Bar Rescue".  The beer tasted good and was reasonably priced (especially for Vegas).  The shots in the syringes were tasty.  The pizza (with dough flown in from Boston) really hit the spot.  The mozzarella tasted fresh and there were lots of toppings.  While the place seems to attract a goth crowd, we're not goth (at least on the outside) but felt welcome.  We had a great conversation with one of the owners, Jazz, about Bar Rescue and horror movies, on which he's quite an expert.  Overall, it was a great experience and welcome break from the Strip.   If I lived in Vegas I'd probably be a regular.
