5	Great new spot in the Bethany neighborhood. Great games and cocktails, like it's sister bar Little Woody's!
3	New place. Needs to work a few kinks out but Great food and moderate prices. Nice addition to the neighborhood. Look forward to my next visit.
3	I was hopeful, seeing that the investment group that's done the Vig and the Beverly opened this Uptown joint, but I felt fairly "meh" about it.The interior is intimate booths, cool open air mid patio and fun game area, but I was definitely the youngest person there by 20+ years, not that I'm agist..it just felt like a "mature" bar...guess I'll stick to Little Woody'sThe food was average, but the cocktails were creative.
5	Brad made a GREAT COCKTAIL and La Donna made me quite at home--I will definitely be ordering a cocktail and a six Togo---  this place ice is a GEM for for the the neighborhood--
4	Dear Linger Longer Lounge - I love the atmosphere & the concept. I have often frequented the Vig on 16th & Vig Fillmore where I am trusted as a repeat patron & fairly vigorous tipper.Then you present me with a new concept - "Linger Longer"... "A neighborhood comfort zone where you always have a friend"... But there is a hitch - you don't trust me to pay my tab? Is Linger Longer a faceless club or a neighborhood comfort zone?Please pick - faceless club or comfort zone... Comfort zones don't make you hand over credit cards (not run a credit card, but hand it over)...So here is my guess - the neighborhood approved a comfort zone & you opened a club...
5	Loved it! The atmosphere is fantastic, the prices on food and drinks are reasonable and the music selection was so fun (and not obnoxiously loud). We went late so only snacked on garlic pretzel twists. The server was super sweet although getting the food and the bill took WAY too long. I am still giving them 5 star because there is so much potential. I have faith they are going work out the kinks and be fantastic!
5	Great to have another winner in the neighborhood. Great ambiance, food was fresh and delicious. Great drinks and carry out option was taken advantage of. I'll be back
4	I am a fan of this new addition to my "hood"... Don't like having to give up my credit card to get food and drinks... come on Tucker, we aint gonna run out of this place and leave ya hanging... loses some "chill factor" with that stunt.   Food is great, beverages are tasty and love the style.  Cheers!
4	Cool, new bar in Central Phoenix.  We stopped in last week to enjoy happy hour - $3 wine, beer and bar eats...what a deal!  This place has a great atmosphere and I love the game room too...we'll definitely be back to have some fun.
4	Oh boy did I Linger Longer here!! I am a huge fan of Little Woodies and just as big of a fan of this place! I went to the old 16th St. bar and the bar made no sense with the two rooms, but this concept was perfect for this location. The main bar is a dark intimate bar with high booths and hightops making it easy to have either small personable gathering to being a part of the general population at the bar. Speaking of the bar, these bartenders know what the hell they're doing and it's worth bellying up at this place. The bar top is one of the coolest I've seen and the bartenders are friendly and personable. Wow, what an improvement on 16th st. The old pool room is now the game room. Skeeball (lost), darts (won), foosball (won) and shuffleboard (didn't play). Shit, what the hell is my problem with skeeball?! I can't roll the damn thing straight! Hours of fun and competition, but if you need a break there is seating off to the side or you can hang in the open air patio between the two spots. Linger Longer is on my list of go to bars in the valley! Damn, that list is getting a little long.
5	I didn't even know this place existed. After eating at urban taco we noticed it and I decided to stop by. Much younger and trendier crowd than I was expecting...don't be fooled by the empty parking lot most people park and enter from the rear.  I visited at 11pm on a Thursday night and it was three times busier than I expected.  I didn't try the food so that will have to wait for another visit.
4	I'm a fan of the Little Woody, so I was certainly looking forward to checking out the triple L last Friday night (is that cool to say? Triple L? Probably not). The atmosphere is much like it's sister-it's dark and casual. There's games to play and booze to drink which I assume could make for a loud environment but that was not the case during my visit. It was pretty chill with classic rock playing.My boyfriend and I went during happy hour, which goes until 7. More places should seriously have happy hour until 7..not 6. We ordered beers and hummus, which was delicious! I am a huge fan of hummus--I could eat it every day. For the main course, I got the house salad and my boyfriend got the burger & fries. I'm normally not one to get a salad as my main dish--however they did not have very many vegetarian options. They do have pizza and some apps that are veggie friendly, however their sandwich selection did not. That being said, I was highly impressed and happy with my choice. The house salad had baby greens, strawberries, tomatoes, cranberries, candied walnuts, feta and balsamic dressing. The combination of flavors was amazing. I was sad when I finished it! The boyfriend enjoyed his burger and fries. I tried the fries so I can confirm they were tasty. Our server was pretty attentive until after we got our food.. we didn't see much of him afterward. We aren't huge on people checking up on us though, so that was fine. Overall, I really enjoyed the Linger Longer Lounge and as I understand it, this place just opened recently but my experience there was on par with an restaurant open much longer. My only caveats are that the Happy Hour menu is a little limited beer wise-I don't know if this is to promote the house lager or what, but it would be awesome if there were more choices. I also wish there had been more vegetarian options on the menu (like, a veggie burger or something)? I would definitely recommend checking out this place if you like The Little Woody and The Vig!
4	The Uptown Vig is my Cheers and while I don't often stray I am glad I can continue to support Tucker in this new adventure. There are a lot of great things about the Linger Longer Lounge. They bartenders make a mean old fashion, I love it when those are done right and bonus points for having them on happy hour. I have been here a few times now but was waiting to try the food before writing a review. I am pleased to say the food was great. The house salad I ordered was massive and fresh and the 12 inch pizza was perfect to share. I had 2 pizzas, the 78 (basically a margheritta) and the ZZ Top (bbq chicken) both were scrumptious. The zucchini fries were also a big hit. We sat outside and the weather was perfect.The old pool room no longer stinks and it is now the game room. There was foosball, skeeball, darts and shuffleboard. This is a great place to eat, drink, play and be merry. I can see myself lingering here. My only complaint is the front bar, it is lit from underneath and has a checkered design that makes you dizzy. I can't linger there, I have to go sit somewhere else or I start to feel drunk before I get my first cocktail.
