4	There are several reasons to go to Sonoma:1.  We didn't have reservations, and still got in. Anytime there's a nice restaurant in Uptown Charlotte that you can get in to immediately without reservations on a busy evening, either it's not actually a nice restaurant, or you're the luckiest person in the world.  I would recommend reservations, but clearly they're not necessary in a pinch.  2.  The atmosphere is great. I felt cooler just being there.  The tables were covered with these cool mats that made them look like iridescent tile. My only complaint here is that we were pretty close to our neighbors at the next table, it almost felt like dinner for 4. 3. Wine specials! We were there for 1/2-price wine by the glass, and both got to try some good reds. I don't remember the specifics--my husband got a Tempranillo to start, and I got a Malbec, I think.  We enjoyed both wines. After that, I don't remember our selections.4.  The menu featured some great-sounding dishes, even though both of us got the bison special.  I loved everything on the plate. It was served over grits (one of my favorites) with wilted spinach, I think. The bison itself was very delicious. I like my meat rare, and this was cooked (or rather, not cooked) to perfection.   They messed up my husband's order, but recovered quickly, and he still left pleased.5. And finally, the bowl of foil-wrapped fruit candies by the door sent me home very happy!The only thing that was a little sub-par was the service. They were very busy, and I think they were short-staffed. I don't think it was our waiter's fault that Jim's order was wrong, but he was not as apologetic as I would have liked. It also took him a few more minutes than it should have to check on us, and discover the mistake.  This, however, changed neither of our opinions that we had just had a great evening out together.
4	I got the 5-course Chef's choice. I think that if you go to a restaurant and there's a Chef's Course Meal, you should get it. I got it, and started with a wonderful heirloom Tomato salad. Then I got a shrimp dish that I could never remember, followed by a scallop dish on chili beans. And it tasted wonderful. Then I got local Kobe Beef steak, followed by homemade ice cream. Point is, the flavors were awesome, the service great. Outside on a nice summer's night in Charlotte. You can't beat it. As a bonus, there was a busker various horns across the street filling the area with great sounds. Definitely think about it.
3	Trendy-looking on the inside, which immediately ups the cool factor.  An ex-boyfriend took me here on a date and we enjoyed it.  I liked all the food we had except the foie gras; not necessarily the restaurant's fault, I just didn't like the texture.  I didn't want it, but Brian let me have a bite.  The wine sampler with dessert was a lot of fun.  The service was great....I'm just not sure it was worth the price.
2	Went here on a Tuesday night w/out reservations in an effort to try something new. Great wine list with both affordable and expensive options. The decor is cool and the atmosphere seemed lively. Great spot for work dinners or events. But the food was just not good, especially at the prices they are charging. For $20, small portion of flavorless halibut, no side included and halibut was like cardboard. Really boring beef carpacchio and bland herb risotto. I never complain about service, but they did not bus surrounding tables for over 30 mins and for a dinner/drinks bill of $100+ it would be nice to not stare at unfinished food for the entire meal.It is very possible we caught this place on an off night, but I doubt it. Go for drinks, eat elsewhere.
5	Best burger I've had in Charlotte - hands down!  Kobe beef for about $10 - went with a group at lunch.  Some of the things were made incorrectly, but they were fixed promptly and everyone enjoyed - but no one more than me with the burger I still talk about!
3	Sonoma is one of those restaurants with a cool atmosphere, convenient uptown location, and a great looking menu. I've been quite a few times for lunch and it was really good, so we decided to try it out for dinner on a Friday night, which is what this review will focus on. We got to the restaurant a bit early so we could enjoy an appetizer and drinks before dinner. We ordered the hummus, which is served with pita slices and crackers. It is some of the best hummus I've ever had, and there were even a few olives to nosh on while we had our drinks. Service in the bar area was very good. Moving into the dinner portion of the evening, the service was still great. The food options for dinner were slightly lacking in my opinion. So lacking that I ended up ordering the goat cheese and herb chicken (I hardly ever order chicken when eating out since we have it at home all the time). The chicken was good, but placed on mashed potatoes that were literally drowning in butter sauce. I hardly ate any of them. We both ordered the delicious tomato bisque for a starter. My dining partner ordered the hanger steak and hardly ate any of it; said it was really not good at all. In all actuality, he ended up eating half of my chicken. For dessert we split the chocolate torte with vanilla ice cream, which was very rich (as a chocolate torte should be). Also, note to that if you're going to valet (which is highly recommended for parking uptown), it's off of College Street, not Trade. Ultimately, I would highly recommend Sonoma for lunch but not so much for dinner. There are too many other great restaurants uptown with better dinner options.
