1	Got sick from eating Pho Seafood here.. definitely not the same place it once washttp://hdas01.achd.net/reports/rwservlet?food_rep_insp&P_ENCOUNTER=201405120016Multiple major violations and cross contamination, damage to plumbing and poor sanitation.  I guess I was the guinea pig this time.  Has nothing to do with using the bathroom or ordering seafood, and has everything to do with mistakes being made in food storage, and plumbing neglect.  (See above linked report.)  Yes, the place is clean because Miss Saigon 88 was there and its basically the same place but with new owners, so yeah it looks clean but what is really going on down there in the storage area??Hoping they turn it around... this place was 5 stars plus another star before when it was Miss Saigon 88.  I loved the food!  And the bento boxes and such, but they changed owners and changed names and now they're Kanda's House of Asian or something; anyway they sat us and the only other couple in a tiny area near the door instead of giving us privacy and spreading us out in a completely empty restaurant.Got sick from eating Pho Seafood here.. definitely not the same place it once was.  The waiter DID SAY "oh no not the soup" when I ordered it .. is that because he knew something was wrong with it!??   Hey and guess what they were all out of Bubble Tea, one of their flagship products.. yet another bad sign
1	Oh... I hope the new owner see my (and others) review here and seriously think about the food, service, and... basically everything! I was a fan of Miss Saigon, but Kanda house is too bad to even compare with Miss Saigon. Sorry for the new owner, but we will never come back again.
1	I'm from Philadelphia where there is a much larger Asian population than there is in Pittsburgh. I was excited to find a place that served Vietnamese food but was extremely disappointed with the quality of food and service of this restaurant. The broth for pho does not taste like traditional broth; it tastes like it was made using artificial flavoring rather than from roasted spices/bone/onion/ginger. The noodles are thick unlike noodles typically used in pho. Overall the quality of the food was terrible, and expensive. I can get a large bowl of pho that tastes considerably better for $6-7. Drinks were extremely expensive? $5 for thai iced tea? Bye.If you're looking for better Vietnamese cuisine in Pittsburgh, try the Strip District. Don't give this place a shot, or you'll regret it.
5	Awesome experience.  My Chinese roommate has taken me here numerous times. Well worth it.
2	PhoPros: piping hot, tender meat, hot jalapenosCons: bland broth, small portion of bean sproutsServiceWell, I was the only one there and it was fast and attentive.
4	A friend of mine and I walked into what used to be Miss Saigon 88 a bit worried because of some recent reviews seen here. However, our meal was very pleasant and the service was just fine. It was Sunday around dinnertime and the restaurant was almost completely filled but the waitress really hustled to cover all the bases (keeping waters filled, taking our order promptly and delivering upon a few small requests for extra fixings). The service was not award-winning by any means in terms of having a super friendly waitress/waiter but was completely okay if you're looking to have a quick, casual meal. A potential opportunity for this place could be really amazing, more welcoming service that you experience at slightly more upscale places. There are plenty of small restaurants with great service that definitely propel themselves to an elevated status because of the service itself, regardless of higher prices. In fact, the Indian restaurant across the street does just that! Back to the food, the green Thai curry with shrimp and vermicelli with chicken included  fresh tasting ingredients (the vegetables especially) and had robust flavor. Whether or not the dishes were the best around and most authentic is something I'm not entirely qualified to say. However, as someone who has had many top-notch restaurant experiences in cities around the U.S. and sampled authentic Asian food many times, the food here is quality and fairly priced. If you're expecting more for under $15 then check yourself! P.S. a little background music would make the meal less awkward, especially when tables are so close!
1	Beef Ramen was Campell's broth with spaghetti noodles. Banh Mi served on a hoagie bun?Pho served with udon instead of the traditional rice noodles?WTF!? I live a few blocks away and used to go to Miss Saigon all the time.  Now, every couple weeks I'll convince myself it's worth going to Kanda House just because it's convenient and I regret it every time.  I swear this is the last time!  It's also more expensive than Miss Saigon used to be too.  Judging from how empty it is every time I've gone, I can only hope that it will go out of business soon and Miss Saigon will return.
4	I had the veggie Fu soup and it was excellent.  Also tried the Mochi Coffee Desert! Wow, it was delicious!   Friendly people, good service...Recommended
4	I think this place is fine. Why others give only 1-2 stars?
