4	I went in here for dinner just to check it out since it was new. I must say, it really felt like a family bistro. The inside was nicely decorated in an Italian theme with painted walls... almost like a mini, more intimate Olive Garden. Their motto is "A bit Italian with a Mediterranean twist".I ordered the calamari, which was thick and juicy, along with their garlic fries. The fries were just regular steak fries with chopped garlic, but nonetheless good. I also tried a bolognese pasta with sausage in it - overall I'd say the food was good but not mind-blowingly over the top. They had a nice selection of entrees as well as a little wine bar, so I'd like to come back and try more. Dinner for two only cost me about $25 including tip...and I tip well. I'd recommend coming here for lunch or dinner when you're in the mood for Italian food in an intimate family type atmosphere. Most importantly, I would really like to give it up for their EXCELLENT customer service! There was a young guy going around and talking to everyone to see how their meal was and we made some small talk and he handed me a little card that was good for a free appetizer the next time I come in. Better believe I will be coming back for my free appetizer.
5	excellent food, portion big, prices and service outstanding....my Dad and I have made it out new weekly dinner date location!
5	awesomeness.....friendly service, well priced, and delicious food. The atmosphere is very nice and family friendly too. I have since taken many friends and they all fell in love as well. I have had the spahgetti (delicious) and pizza(another fav). Also recommend the chicken alfredo as well.
4	This is a great little place that I had no idea existed, and its blocks from my house.  The place was nice and small.  Service was average.  The food was great.  The portions are not overwhelming.  I'm curious to see what the other food on the menu taste like.  I will be returning.
5	They are a small family run great Italian restaurant. I went with my family and we all loved it. If you go try the chicken Parma it was the best I ever had
5	This is the second time that I've been and the place is packed it may be a small restaurant but the quaint atmosphere makes for a good meal all around. The chicken Parmesan  is still to die for:)  if you are ever in the area stop in and try the best Italian food for under the cost of a movie. I have a big family(6) in all and I get out of here for about 50 bucks!!!!!! That's real cheep
3	I've probably passed by this place a thousand times without ever stopping in before today. As others have pointed out, it's small and intimate, but I liked the charming atmosphere.I ordered the Seasoned Grilled Chicken on Cibatta and a Desert Blossom Iced Tea (lavender, hibiscus, apricot and rosehips). The sandwich was well balanced and moist. It was served with iceberg, roma tomatoes and a side of their house fries, "Kilo Fries." The fries were seasoned with a cheese blend, which seemed a little dry to me. However, a quick swirl in olive oil improved them quite a bit. The tea was delicate and refreshing - a nice complement to my lunch selection.The service is what stood out for me here. My server was friendly and attentive throughout the meal, even though I was dining solo. I certainly felt that my business was valued here. She even offered me a to-go cup for my tea, which was a nice touch.I will definitely be back to explore more of their menu. Prices are reasonable too, which doesn't hurt!
2	My mother and I walked in and the place looked nice and quaint, unfourtunately the experience was not. We were sat by the kitchen which was fine if the cook hadn't been a creeper standing there listening to our conversation and starring. Needless to say it was hard to enjoy the food not that there was much to enjoy about it. The food was ok if you are in a hurry and don't care much if you taste it. I give this place 2 stars for the effort though.
4	Had dinner there about 2 weeks ago.  Great selection of food and very personal service that made you feel like an old friend without being overly bothersome.  The price was great for the food and will repeat.
4	I bought a $25 g.c. from restaurants.com about a month ago & decided to use it Friday night. We got there around 8 & the place was pretty empty, only 3 other parties were there but that could have been because they close at 9. Our server was Demmo himself, nice guy! I have to say the decor is very dated, it looked like someones grandma brought everything in from the gaudy window treatments to the floral tablecloths! We decided to order a couple cocktails since they had a pretty interesting list. Hubby got the pomegranate marg & I got the bubble blue lemonade. Both drinks were so good! For an app we ordered the lahame calzonedilla which was what looked like a quesadilla with lamb & mozzarella & it also came with an amazing dipping sauce called taz-ho. After our app came out we got a basket of bread, it was kinda cold but pretty good. My hubby loved it & finished off the whole thing. For our entrees hubs ordered chicken parmesan & I ordered the pick your own pasta with penne, alfredo, bacon & spinach, both meals came with a side salad & bread. We both enjoyed the pasta dishes, not the greatest we've had but definitely good. The salads were ok & the bread was yummy as well. I had to order dessert so I got the chocolate/butterscotch pie & 3 mini canolis to go. I had the pie & it was pretty good, didn't care for the crust though, hubs had the canolis & loved em! He only wished they were bigger because they were only about 2 bites each. Our total, minus the $25 g.c., came to about $35, not bad but a tad more than I expected it to be. Overall we liked the food & cocktails, but it is pretty far from us so we won't go out of our way to return, but would definitely come in if we are in the area.
1	We are very local to this little place, My fiancees son goes to the karate school a couple of doors down and we shop weekly at Safeway. The last two times we have tried to go go eat here, they have been closed before the posted hours and this past weekend we were there @ just after 7:00 pm to be turned away at the door by staff because they had a large party. STRIKE 3. Sorry, thats very poor customer service for any place let alone a small one like this. There were plenty of tables and room and we could have waited longer for our food no problem. Not an option. Worse part is people were leaving as we were turned away.So I took my business over to Smash Burger on the other side of the parking lot.
4	dropped by for lunch with 90yr old and 2 yr old plus hubby. all in all very good. hubby had sausage samich w/fries he really enjoyed it. baby had spaghetti and meatball she ate real good which means it was real good. mom had catfish w/spaghetti and marinara, she ate more than half and the rest went home with her. i had chicken marsala w/marinara on ziti. i subbed the wedding soup for the salad. the service was very quick and attentive. the lamb appetizer was just right with the bread. everything was tasty and very nice presentation. will be back soon, very convenient, very reasonable prices plus a full bar for happy hour.pizza looked very promising, too. take out may also be in my future relationship with lil deemo's.
