4	it's kind of squishy. and the cds are really packed in there.mostly used ones. but some new ones too.there's quite a large local section.i usually find at least one thing in there.they sell concert tickets for mr small's and the rex theatre. so you can get them without having to pay that extra charge. unless you use a credit card. then it's 3 dollars extra. but it's still less...theres a record section downstairs. it's ok.there's also a basket that has free stickers and stuff in it from bands and like... whoever puts stuff in it. and theres a table full of flyers and ads for  upcoming events. they're fun to look through.
2	After going to this place, I feel like maybe I should up my review for Amoeba, as clearly I had NO IDEA HOW GOOD I HAD IT.  I don't wanna say this place sucks my left nut, buuuut, ok maybe that's EXACTLY what I wanna say.  Actually, I shouldn't knock any independent music store that's still kicking around these days, but really?  I need to cut people in Pittsburgh some slack for their terrible musical taste, if places like this are their only options for buying stuff.  Shit, no, I need to quit being such a B.  Kudos to sticking around, but I just really feel like they had a lot of awful stuff, and very little used stuff worth listening to.  And the "Records and Cassettes" room?  Don't even get me started.  I thought maybe I could start my musical life over in here, since everything I have I either left behind or has been taken, but unless I want to get heavily into Styx and the Allman Brothers, my life won't be starting in that room.  On the plus side, I found this Delta 72 CD that I used to have, and upon further listening I find that it is wayyy more awesome than I ever realized.  You rat bastards all need to get into the Delta 72, and I am soooo gonna make out with Gregg Foreman someday.  Oh, also I managed to pick up a Velvet Underground live CD.  Perhaps my musical world will be resuscitated after all?
4	I guess I'm a little like Darren W.  I love CDs and books too.  I don't think there's anything wrong with ipods or ipads, etc.  But ya know what?  I'm old fashioned that way.  I actually like having a comprehensive music collection.  I like to actually sit and listen to a CD.  I like to have it in my hands to hold.  Besides what good is your itunes collection if something crashes?  Well with that in mind, I have over 300 CDs in my collection, spanning Alternative, Grunge, Folk/Americana, Country & Western, New Wave/80s, and Classic Rock.  And in the past ten years or so, you know how many I've bought new?  Almost zero!  Yeah, I've bought some from Amazon, but I love going to places like this and just simply browsing.  So yesterday my friend Marla, my cousin Cindy, and I wandered down to Carson Street.  I can't speak for the other two babes, but I didn't know exactly what I was looking for.   But isn't that the great thing about used CD buying or vintage clothes shopping?  And you know something?  You can't get that joy of finding a rare import on your MP3 player!I found "Here Comes the New Folk Underground" by David Baerwald.  Now as you musicphiles know, David Baerwald was 1/2 of the famous 80s one-hit-wonder David & David.  (David & David's hit was one of my favorite songs, "Welcome to the Boomtown").  I also found "Train a Comin" by Steve Earle, another one of my favorite artists.  And in a shout-out to a certain Yelp Yes fan from the Chicago area, I bought "90125" from Yes.  Cindy bought "Yes Songs".  Marla played it a little safer with a Doobie Brothers "Greatest Hits" collection.This is a great place for a music fan.   Downloading should never replace the true joy of music shopping.  Oh yeah, they also sell concert tix here for local venues like Club Cafe.
5	Great store, friendly staff, good selection and reasonable prices.Seems like they are doing a lot of online business, however we are lucky to have such a treasure in Pittsburgh, that we can go in and browse the bins.Highly recommended!
2	absolutely not for vinyl. Probably fine for CDs though ...
4	With practically everyone downloading music, it's hard to find a nice music store like this one.  There's something about owning the hard copy of a CD.  Holding the CD in your hands that is so much more substantial than an album on your ipod.  Their collection is expansive, I would say to have a few CDs in mind and then venture through their goldmine.  Granted it won't be as cheap as goodwill but they probably have exactly what you want. Definitely going here for some reasonably priced CDs.
5	the dudes.
5	Dave's Music Mine is kind of like a lost playground for the older generation and a discovery zone for the younger generation.  It is truly a one of a kind place for the city of Pittsburgh to have.  It sits inside an unassuming building on the South Side that most people walk by on a daily basis.  Me, I walk in here every time I visit the area.  You walk in and it just looks like somebody's cluttered storage unit.  Packed to the brim with music of every format.  Every genre, every decade, every format is represented here.  You want something; I'm going to say that 99.9% of the time they got it.  If it falls into the .01%, I am fairly sure that they would gladly take the time to track down what you are looking for.  Music of all varieties show up here daily I am sure.  You can browse the new selection or look through what someone else might consider to be dated and just taboo for them to have in their collection anymore.  You can find that CD you lost years ago and reclaim the memories attached to that favorite song.  Looking for something to play on your turntable, take an adventure downstairs deeper into the depth of the store to browse through the multitudes of vinyl they have to offer.  This is where the old becomes the new and I'd like to think how the 'Mine' in the name comes into play.  Still have a cassette player in the heavy old stereo system you have at home, not to worry, there's a section for you.I have lost myself and hours in here browsing through the selection of tastes.  Reminiscing how I first heard a song and connecting to a moment in my life that makes me happy.As I walk away from this place I then wonder how I lost those thoughts in the first place.  What I don't worry about is the missing money from my pocket.  Only because I know it just bought me back my memories and supported a great local business.
