5	So a few years ago I discovered my favorite thing about Japan: robotic beer pouring machines. I still go out of my way to change planes inn Tokyo so I can star in amazement. (Plus enjoy a nice Sapporo, or three) Rubios is the closest thing I can find in my native California: a fast food place that somehow serves both beer and lobster burritos. How could you go wrong?
4	Some of the best fast food baja available in the Phoenix area.  For the price, it's hard to beat this place.This location has received awards for outstanding service and more.  The owner and regular employees tend to learn people's names over time, and it's a great little atmosphere for enjoying affordable, tasty food.Great location right off the 101.
2	I just can't bring myself to rave about Rubios.  I know a lot of my classmates love this place, but for the life of me, I can't understand why.  It's better than Del Taco, but that's not saying much.  The food is simply entirely unremarkable.  Almost every time I've been here, the chips and beans they toss on to almost every plate have that stale 'left under a lamp too long' crunch to them.Now, I'll offer one caveat: I've not tried their seafood tacos, and I hear they're quite good.  I'm willing to give them a try.  So at some point, I'll give this an update.
2	What I love about Rubios' is that they always have beer. Always.That is all I love though...
4	I luv this to pick up on my way home form work. Fairly healthy and tasty. I like the fish tacos shrimp burrito and salmon burrito.
3	Really close to Midwestern University.I'd recommend getting the kids meal. They will let you swap out the toy and crayons for a large sized drink. I personally enjoy the kids fish taco. Not a lot of food but it will keep your portion sizes under control. :)I have ordered "adult" meals and they are kinda small as well. Especially when you factor in how much they cost. Maybe I am just ordering all of the Wrong items?They have a salsa bar which is pretty delicious and a great way to customize your meal.
4	I really like this Rubios -- the staff are always friendly and accommodating. My family considers it a treat when we get to eat there. I have to say we haven't tried the fish tacos yet, but I hear they are very good.
4	My family was on the west side of town yesterday and since we don't know that area quite as well we wanted to try a restaurant that had a track record, as we didn't want to take a chance on a local-owned shop.I certainly wasn't disappointed. The restaurant is clean, as were the restrooms, and I loved the island theme - it give the place a coastal feel, which is nice if you live in Arizona!I had some kind  of combo burrito that was good sized and gulped down every bite. I was in the restroom when my wife ordered for me, so couldn't comment on the friendliness of the staff.
4	Took my son here after school for his favorite lunch - Rubios Lobster Tacos.  : )  This location was a bit of a hike for us but was really really worth it.  Clean dining room, and larger than the average Rubios that we have been to in the past. One suggestion that is required:  Baby Changing Table in the bathroom.  I had our infant son with us as well this day and ended up having to change him in the car.  Very inconvenient when most businesses do have a changing table.
4	Very fresh and yummy items, great fish tacos, will return here for more.
5	Price was right, I had the Vegetable burrito........oh my, it was Huge! Did I mention was big.... The salsa bar must have had 10 choices...  Excellent for a healthier option for fast food!  Wished we had one in central California.
5	Excellent shrimp tacos! Better than most restaurants serve.
4	The fish tacos are amazing but I cant pass up on the steak quesadilla
4	Just about as good as it gets, but their prices are getting a little steep.  $2.79 for fish taco $2.99 fish especial I can understand but $1.99 for those teeny weeny street tacos so delicious to my taste buds?  We calculated and it's $.66 per bite 'cuz you only get 3 per taco.  Good thing they frequently have coupons for their email beach club and always a free meal for your birthday, what a GREAT bonus, I love that!  (PS) make the lobster burrito a permanent fixture, will ya?  And get a stupid kids meal toy for my bratty kid, she's tired of just crayons...  Just kidding...  :)
5	Great stuff for fast food...
5	Rubio's currently has the Coastal Trio which includes the shrimp, fish, and tilapia tacos.  I recommend it to try all three taco types at once, very yummy!  For $8.49 it can be beat if you like seafood tacos.
4	So Happy I moved close to a Rubio's. Always taste great and fresh! Only down side is with the prices the plates should come with a drink!
4	I am usually a blackened tilapia and salsa verde shrimp taco girl w/black beans and a crap-ton (technical term) of salsa, but today's $1.50 Taco Tuesday called out to me in an I'm-too-lazy-to-cook-after-work moment. Plus, 2 tacos for $3?! Can't really beat that... though I'm adequately full after scarfing mine down, I stand by my regular choices. For your own sake, don't order the classic taco as take-out. Within 5 min, the wrapping makes any crispiness soggy. No bueno...but edible. Verdict: Taco Tuesday rocks, but eat it in-house while super fresh. Otherwise, I still love my standards and they are great, even as take-out. If you are nice, they will give you a slightly larger container or two for the salsa (the spiciest and chipotle ones are my faves).
5	Love Rubios! Good food for cheap. To the person who left the bad review at the seafood taco place that never tried the seafood tacos, you may want to try them before leaving a review.
4	First time here and it was Really yummy! I got the classic chicken taco plate. I don't like beans so I didn't taste them, but the tacos and the chips were really good. The size was the chips was nice as well, small and bite size! The salsa bar was interesting... The mild salsa tasted like BBQ sauce and the tomatillo, the green one, was really good! The staff was very friendly and brought the food to you. On my way out I got a key line cake pop...OMG SO GOOOOOOD!
5	Really good Mexican place. Much better than toxic hell. I was very impressed with their salsa bar and service. The girl who works at the front counter was nice. Yelp still says my review is shorter than most so I have to keep writing.
4	Amazing service every time I go, food is very good too!
5	Superior customer service is hard to come by in fast food establishments. This Rubios is absolutely fantastic. The woman operating the register, Marina was wonderful. Always smiling and keeping busy. As a good employee should do. I would hire her in a heartbeat. Keep up the great work at this location guys.
5	My coworkers favorite place to eat is Rubio's so I stopped in really quick to get a gift card. I think it was around 3pm on a Monday so it wasn't super busy and as soon as I walked in I was told hello and a few employees seemed to be multitasking. I was imeadiately helped with a pleasant smile, got my gc and ran out. It was just very nice to see everyone genuinely smiling. So many times, even at resturants where you are seated and served, employees always seem grumpy like I'm bothering them by being a patron there. Not the case with this Rubio's, even when I just ran in for a gift card. Thank you for being so nice, it's refreshing! :-)
5	Best bean & cheese burritos! I could seriously live off Rubios bean and cheese burritos. Rubios over Chipotle any day.
4	Great place to get your fix of great fish tacos, fish burritos and shrimp salads. It was relatively inexpensive too ... $26 for 3 of us.
3	Getting my order took a long time. I think there was only one cook. A lot of people were waiting for their orders. The girls, working the register, looked unhappy. I come here about twice a month. Good food. I'll come again.
2	Boy has this place gone downhill. It's now the Carls Jr of Mexican Food.  Not quite the Mcdonalds as that would be of course reserved for Taco Bell. Pretty much all their salsas are boring and bland. Hot salsa tastes like marinara sauce.High school cashier employee forgot our chips and drinks. Then told me to wait while she proceeded to greet and help another customer. Had to get the bus boy to get them for us.Carls Jr actually has better street tacos than this. Though not by much, they are about equal. Rubio's puts guacamole on theirs  by default. Who puts guacamole on a taco?Fish tacos were okay as usual. Nothing to write home about.
3	It's Rubio's. 'Nuff said.
5	The food and the people here are always so amazing. They hire the best employees that always greet me with a smile and the food always tastes amazing. I recommend them to anyone. I get the California bowl and it is very delicious. These employees deserve a raise for always providing such excellent service! I will keep eating here on my lunch hour!
