5	Used to live near this one and went there very often.One of the best traditional Thai food  I had (believe I've tried many) and it's also really healthy. The waiters are very kind and will be please to answer every questions you might have. I pretty much went trough the whole menu and never been disappointed. The spring rolls are beyond amazing. I went there with a lot of friend and they also enjoy it as much as I do.
5	The Best tonkinoise Soup in Montreal!
4	Surrounded by at least 3 other Vietnamese restaurants, La Saigonaise stands out with their excellent service, great food and big portions! It's a little hard to notice if it's your first time but look for their menu in the stand facing Cote des Neiges Boulevard and their small terasse in the summer months. Choose from a variety of authentic Vietnamese dishes and if you're unsure of what to take the owner is always ready to make a suggestion. Their Tonkinoise soup is huge and none of my friends will ever order anything else. I've had a few different plates including the Pad Thai and the chicken vermicelli, both were great. I have to suggest their desserts though, especially their fried banana!
4	My parents and I decided to go try it after spending the afternoon with my sister at the Ste-Justine hospital. We were seated almost as soon as we walked in. After a few minutes of looking at the menu, we had a few questions. The waiter, who's also the owner, answered them clearly and then said not to tell him anything and that he would take us in charge. That was the beginning of one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had. He gave us a full traditional vietnamese meal with 2 appetizers and 3 courses. For desert, he gave us fried ice cream. No you didn't misread, I really said fried ice cream. Do I recommend this restaurant? No. I urge you to try it out.
4	I come here from time to time to have good Thai food for great prices.Its a little tricky to find this place though I must say. I ve been always hearing reviews and raves about this in and around yelp, but I've just never found it. Until one cold day when just passing by i saw the tiny door to the entrance. The Host who I assume was the owner was very sweet, and our server was very courteous.The place is very small, so I could imagine how crowded the rush hours must go like. If that is environment is not your cup of tea, I strongly suggest visit this place for one of the weeknights around 8 or 9 ish. Aside that, The food is splendid. From what I can remember I think we paid about 20 per person tip and tax inclu. The food itself was very refreshing, and the menu standard for many thai restaurants. Overall I cant say that the place impressed me as much to give it a WOW "I cant believe this place is so awesome"" feel but it did leave me feel happy to come back and visit again. :)
4	This unassuming little place is a real gem amongst Vietnamese-Thai restaurants.  I've been here twice and both times I left completely satisfied with the food , the service and especially the price.  They take some pride in using simple, natural ingredients.My only complaint, and it's a small one, is that as a vegetarian I found there to be fairly few options.
5	This is one of the best kept secrets of Cote-des-Neiges. I was looking for a restaurant that made deliveries and La Saigonaise popped under my radar. When I called the guy told me deliveries were for a minimum of 25$, so I had to order 3 dishes to fulfill the quota. I got their popular soup, a plate of grilled chicken and beef, and another with some spicy beef. I had a bit of an appetite, but I didn't expect that I'd be able to finish all three dishes the same evening, but I did. It was that good.
5	I was here tonight with my husband. The waiter was really kind and helpful, exactly when we ordered. I was eating Pho soup with chicken, my husband chose Pad Thai with chicken. Both were really good! The waiter brought some green tea too, I liked it very much. The atmosphere was nice, It looked really traditional. I'm pretty sure we're going back in the future!
