5	This was delicious.  I had the roast beef sandwich.  It came on a very soft fresh roll with sauteed peppers and a small dish of au jus.  Very refreshing after a busy morning of window shopping.  Very friendly service too.
5	I really wanted to hate this place. I have long been elated with Queens Pizzeria as being a truely unique Downtown Mesa pizza destination- and have rooted for it's success since the beginning. But the Cucina is just too good to me. No doubt Dave's  "keepin it real" brand of sandwiches and pizza is exceedingly good for the soul- but when I want a Panini that can actually teach me something I don't yet know about real Italian Deli style without being a superficial snob, Cucina di Vita is that irresistible new acquaintance.Sometimes restaurants actually hire food artists to make their dishes look photogenic for marketing, but the pizza I got from Cucina would make a NYPD pie blush with envy right out of the oven. Now it's not a buttery-crusted, slathered in goatcheese and garlic, trendy California pizza that you're already tired of- it's a pie with European sensibilities plumped full of real Italian ingredients that are as titillating to look at as they are to eat.Overall, everything is beautifully executed, but has a nice casual style and is reasonably priced. A tremendously friendly crew is great also.
4	Lots of going-ons in downtown Mesa today, live music, a mini-carnival a little south of it, tons of vendors in the streets and people having a great time.  Taking 5 minutes to go through half a mile of greenfield road construction compelled me to avoid the freeways today, and I am extremely grateful for finding this 5 week old deli in Mesa.I was heading north to Mekong Plaza along Main Street to pick up some seafood (10% off everything in the store right now btw), when the most amazing smell wafted through our car windows.  Those dark streaks of rubber along Main St I confess I am responsible for, as the aroma blanked all thoughts of shopping from my mind.  Pulling into the back, my first impression walking in is Wow this place must have been around for awhile.  Owners calling peoples' orders by name, open kitchen with lots of bantering between the staff, just so incredibly welcoming walking in.  Free Wi-FI too, nice touch.  There is a long corridor with some bar-like seating, and about twenty tables in the main dining area, as well as some tables outside, which were unfortunately all taken.  With the doors open and a mild breeze, it was the perfect weather today too for a light lunch.  Just everything about the interior yelled inviting, and I was hoping the food would match the mood.Jennifer took our order, and she was happy to confirm that it was a family establishment, pointing out everyone working by name and relationship.  Tons of charisma from her, very smile-inducing just speaking with her.  When someone in the kitchen noticed us playing Boggle, she came over and chatted about Boggle and how she played it with her kids too.  Made me feel a little childish, but enjoyed the conversation.The tomato basil was a very hearty rendition, setting me back 2.99, although they did wind up giving us 2 for the wait (which I don't think exceeded 15 minutes).  Very smooth and surprisingly thick, but a very pleasant thickness somewhere between a broth-based soup and chowder.  Great garlicky flavor too!  I might come back just for 2 bowls of this stuff, heavenly.  Ordered 2 soft drinks that will set you back 1.59, fill it up yourself.  We ordered the Quatro Fromaggi, a pizza with mozzarella, parmesan, ricotta, & gorgonzola, 8" for $6.99.  A very tasty pie, with the crust being light and airy on the edges, and firm enough to hold the center without bending.  The cheeses blended well, although I would have liked the gorgonzola to come out a little more.  I wouldn't call it exciting, but definitely comforting and something I will be back for.Pie # 2 was the D'avalo, Spicy ( or mild) sausage, capricola, pepperoni, and crushed red pepper.  Very nice lingering, but very mild bite to it, red sauce not overly sweet, and very meaty, they definitely do not skimp on the toppings here.  Similar quality of crust on the outside of the fromaggi, however I do confess the interior bottom was very oily, requiring some napkins to soak up, although still holding firm enough to support all the toppings.  My gf did not mind and actually preferred this pizza, but I preferred the quatro.Happy to say a very nice pizza place that I think will be around for a long time.  A nice selection of pizzas, salads, sandwiches and paninis, I can't wait to try some more.  I don't see anything that is earth shattering, but for the price, ambience, and straightforward flavors, this will become your favorite lunch spot if you try it out.
5	I returned today and the service, food, and cleanliness of the place were as good as ever.  I had a California Club sandwich which was grilled on a thicker white bread, had really fresh tomatoes and lettuce, the turkey was deli quality (rather than the pressed and formed turkey you would get at Subway), the cheese was delicious, with plenty of bacon and there was a light smear of avocado.  The pizzas and deserts looked amazing too.  I will have to return to try them.  This is a nice place to rest and eat if you are in downtown Mesa.
4	After reading a glowing review, and also reading a 5 word condemning review, I decided it was time for a revisit.  We ordered two 8" pizzas for $6 a piece, and 2 bowls of their tomato basil soup for $4.49 each, along with 2 drinks for 1.49 each.  My gf had the pepperoni pizza and I had their White Pizza, which was simply Garlic, Mozzarella, Basil, and olive oil.  Both pizzas tasted great, with admittedly simple ingredients and preparation but very strong results.  The balance on my pizza was especially outstanding, with neither the garlic nor the olive oil dominating the flavor of each bite.  The Tomato Basil was as usual absolutely outstanding, but could've been served a little hotter, but I am just nit-picking because the temperature was the only thing preventing me from saying this soup was the best tomato basil I've had in my life.  The bowl serving is pretty large as well, in that we finished a pair of 8" pizzas but took some soup home.  My review is shorter than normal because I'm a little irked, despite how much I liked the food- my receipt says I ordered @ 2:40pm, and we received our food at 3:05.  In that time a pair of older gentlemen walked in and received their sandwiches before we received our food.  I wanted to 5-star it to bring up the average, and still might in the future, but I think it deserves the 4 star still.  Come here if you want uncomplicated, tasty pizza or absolutely amazing tomato basil soup.
3	I got the Italian hoagie and was waiting to be impressed... but was disappointed.  This place advertises itself as an Italian deli but the bread tasted like it came out of a bag and my sandwich had no spice to it at all, except for the pepperoncini on the side.Nice place and great outdoor seating.  The staff was so nice that I might have to try something else before I make any final decisions.
5	I enjoy local business.  I went to get a buffalo chicken wrap yesterday and the place seemed dead.  I was concerned about how good the food was even though the menu looked spectacular.  I was surprised on the quality that came out of the kitchen.  I munched down the wrap which was awesome and I was hungry for seconds- not due to actual hunger but because it was so dang good.  Im ordering a pizza today.  Lets see how it comes out.
4	I have only been this place once and I will come back again.I just can't believe that I forgot taking the photos of the food I ordered. This place is really clean. The sandwich was good and tasty. The girl took my order is pretty. Well. I will just give them 4 stars. The gentlemen made my sandwich need more smile to make it 5 starts. I know! I am perfectionist. Maybe he was tired or not in the mood or maybe I was just too cheap with a coupon found online.  Anyway, he needs more smile just like they did on TV.
2	I was so hopeful that I finally found a great place to get an italian hoagie. I was craving one, so I made my way over to Cucina di Vita. This visit, however, was a disaster. We will start with what I hoped my visit would be like. I planned on coming in, picking out exactly what I wanted to order, ordering to-go, maybe conversing with one of the employees for a bit, waiting about 10 minutes for my food, and heading back to work. I didn't think that too much, but that was leaps and bounds beyond what I actually experienced.To start, the first person I spoke with, who seemed to be the one that usually runs the register and takes the orders, wasn't very friendly. She seemed very annoyed and frustrated that I didn't know exactly what I wanted at the exact moment I walked through the door and definitely let it show. After a few minutes past, I was ready to order, but the woman I spoke of before was too busy talking to some other employees, so someone who usually makes the food helped check me out. She was far friendlier than the person I initially talked to, but that didn't make the transaction any smoother. First, I wanted to order a minestrone soup, a white brownie with chocolate chips (they had two kinds of brownies), and an italian hoagie, However, I was immediately told that they were out of minestrone soup (apparently the manager or someone had taken all of it to some conference or meeting nearby). So, I asked for a side italian summer salad instead, and then the charged rang up my order and charged my credit card. A few minutes later, after the person who rang me up explained to the rest of the employees that the italian summer salad WAS on the menu and they did need to make it, I was informed that they didn't have the italian summer salad because "all the cantaloupe was bad". I decided to just stick to the hoagie and the brownie, but it took them 5-10 minutes just to figure out how to refund my credit card and re-run it to charge me for the new amount. Finally, my order was in. I waited like 5-10 more minutes and they brought out my food. To my surprise, I noticed that they had left a second brownie in my bag, probably for some of the inconvenience of the transaction. At first I was happy, but then I realized that neither of the brownies was the kind that I had asked for. This was definitely not the best experience I have ever had for lunch. I went with two stars, though, because the hoagie wasn't bad, but definitely not worth all of the other crap I went through. There are too many other good places around here to bother with all that nonsense again. Try it if you want, but I don't recommend it. If you really want a good, italian deli, make your way over to Defalco's on Scottsdale Rd. a little north of McDowell.
4	Food still great.  Wait still ridiculous, but at least the menu reflects that.
2	First time eating here and probably won't go back. I am a huge fan of Caprese sandwiches, so I was really excited to see it on the menu. Wish I was excited when the server brought it to the table. Just looking at it, all I saw was bread. They were incredibly stingy with the toppings. Just the bare minimum of mozzarella and tomato. While the ingredients were fresh, there was so little of them that I essentially paid $6.99 for some toasted bread. I felt ripped off.
3	Went here for lunch after seeing Urban Picnic was closed on a Monday afternoon for some reason. It smelled good as we were walking by so my client and I popped on in. They had plenty of inside seating and outdoor seating. There was a small line, but we were up to order in no time. I picked a buffalo chicken wrap and my client ordered some simple sandwich. I mention this here specifically because I thought it would be quick order. We went to sit down and didn't see our food for a good 20-30 minutes. No problem since we weren't in a big hurry, but we were there well past lunch rush (1:30 pm?) there wasn't a lot of people waiting for food, and it was just a sandwich and a warp. Food was ok, that was why it get's 3 stars. I'm sure I'll end back up here again another day if Urban Picnic decides to be closed whenever it wants, then I want to try their pizza or calzones. If they are really good they may get an upgrade on that rating. Until then, this is a decent spot to grab some food in downtown Mesa.
5	We really love going to Cucina di Vita! I've tried a number of the paninis and the Parma is by far my favorite. What I love most about the food and the deli itself is the simplicity of it all. The sandwiches that I've tried are very simple, meat , cheese, tomato and basil. And that's exactly what I want. There are plenty of delis that will make you a sandwich with fifteen toppings and twenty sauces to choose from but we love Cucino because they keep things simple and use fresh ingredients. There's no fuss.
2	A blah sandwich we had to wait 20 minutes for.  Not worth the $8 price tag.  We should have gone across the street to Subway if we wanted a mediocre sandwich and saved a few bucks and some time while we were at it.
4	I was visiting some downtown shops with a friend, and we decided that we needed lunch.We stopped in and the pleasant counter staff helped us to make an order of a pizza, and a sandwich.  Since these were made when we ordered, we were told it would be a few minutes.  I had no problem with this, as it gave me time to chat.The sandwich came out when it was ready, and we split it.  It was not a spectacular changed-my-life sandwich, but it hit the spot.  A few minutes later, the pizza came out.  Hot cheese and some sausage.  What could be better on a cool day.Dessert was a simple cheesecake with coffee that hit the spot.I'm sure that I could get "better" meals elsewhere, but I was happy with the service, happy with the place, and happy with the food.
5	I was in Mesa for business and decided to cruise downtown to see if I could find a good place to eat.  This place was perfect.  I had a Veggie Panini and it was amazing.  The peppers were fresh, tasty and just right.  Very, very fresh!  The mushrooms fresh as well and the artichoke added a perfect zest.  I think the main thing that I can stress is that it all seemed home-made, fresh and nothing seemed packaged or processed.  The bread was crisp and chewy, freshly baked.  I didn't mind waiting the 10 minutes as it was worth it to know my sandwhich wasn't in some warmer waiting for someone to order it.  The atmosphere was a typical Deli atmosphere, and the place was busy.The lady that helped me was extremely friendly and when I left wanted to make sure that I was happy with my order, with everything.  Downtown Mesa is okay and looks like it has a lot of potential, but this place is a gem and the downtown area hopefully appreciates what it has to offer.  Go there if you like quality, fresh, healthy food.
4	I've been here a couple times and for sure the sausage and pepper sandwich is my favorite. Good service, a little slow making my food but it's worth it.
1	I took my family there on a Saturday around Noon. We tried to order a couple pizzas, to which they replied "we ran out of pizza." When I asked what do you mean by that, they replied again "we ran out of pizza."  I asked about calzones, it only confused the staff, so instead we ordered 2 sandwiches. It took over 30 minutes to get the sandwiches even though they were overstaffed and not busy. The sausage sandwich was burned beyond edibility, and the beef  sandwich was all bread, no beef. We left without finishing the garbage they served us. The people who were in line behind us still had not received their food either (45 minutes later) as we walked out.This place is full of fail.
1	I saw the owner sneeze into his hand & continue working with food, trays, etc., without washing his hands, including wrapping a piece of cheese for me. YUCK!  The cashier was scratching her back UNDER her shirt. Yuck & yuck!!  I thought she was going to handle my food, but she did not.  The pesto chicken sandwich was not even any good & had just two, very thin pieces of chicken on it.  Very disappointing!
4	I ate here during Mesa Bike Night and was very impressed with the quality of food and the care in making it.  I had a pizza with Onions, Mushrooms and Jalapeno Peppers ... very nice taste ... a lot like I used to buy in Italy from the street vendors in Milano and Agrate.
2	My husband and were drawn to Cucina de Vita while doing some shopping in Downtown Mesa. It definitely has curb appeal with the outdoor seating. The staff is quite friendly also. I Ordered the Meatball Parm sub and my husband ordered the Sausage and Peppers sub. The food came out quickly. First concern was when I tried the side order of pasta salad. It was served at room temperature. Same with the side of marinara sauce that I ordered. My husband's sandwich was good, he really enjoyed it. My sub however was  inedible as a sub. I had to eat the meatballs by themselves because the sauce was extremely bitter and over spiced with herbs. I will say that the meatballs tasted very good. If they can fix their food temps (safety issue) and their marinara this place will be a winner.
1	My husband and I attempted to have lunch here, but it was a debacle.  We ordered a pizza and paid for it.  But as we were getting our drinks, the gal that took our order came out and told us they were out of mozzarella, and that the manager could go to the store to buy some, but he would be gone 20 minutes.  After looking at the menu, we opted to leave since the sandwiches we were interested in also had mozzarella.However, when we told her we were going to leave, she said the manager had already left, and we could not get a refund until he returned because she "could not get into the drawer."  What?  First of all, we payed with a card.  I don't know why she couldn't run a credit on the machine.  So now, we cannot eat and we cannot get our money back.  I had fully intended to wait and speak with the manager when he came back from his cheese run as this seemed pretty ridiculous.  If none of the employees are properly trained or authorized to manage the restaurant, he should have sent one of them to the store.  Finally, another employee came out and magically opened the drawer and gave us a cash refund.Maybe they have great pizza, but clearly, the place is not managed well, and I won't say never, but I doubt I will return.
1	I will NEVER EVER eat here again. I ordered a salad and soup. My boys ordered the pizza. The boys seemed happy with their meal, but my salad was unacceptable, to say the least. The first couple of bites tasted great. Then, the texture in my mouth felt...well...gritty. I thought that perhaps it was a broken crouton and had another bite. More grittiness. I picked through the lettuce to ascertain the reason for this icky feeling. Unfortunately, most of the lettuce was shredded so I couldn't find anything. Another bite later, I found a piece of lettuce that was a bit bigger. I turned it over and it was CAKED, caked with mud. YES, MUD! I was served dirty lettuce salad. I ate dirt. Let me repeat that...I ate dirt.Needless to say, I was horrified. I showed one of the workers my dirty leaf and complained. She went back to talk to the owner and returned a few minutes later assuring me that they really did wash the lettuce and that one piece must have just slipped through. ACK! Then she asked if she could get me another salad. WHAT? I just ate a dirt-infested salad and they want to give me another one? I had lost all hope at this point and of course, refused another dirty salad. She did not offer to reimburse me for either the salad or the rest of the meal. I was shocked.I left feeling sick, violated and pretty disgusted. Eat here at your own risk.
3	Interesting place on main st , lots to choose from with decent prices. Indoor and outdoor seating available, it's nice to sit outdoors on a winters day.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! I always order a pizza and customize it. So good and great price! Love love love the pizza and they are not greedy with toppings either!!
