4	Been coming here for years and love Dr.Pingol,she listens when you have a question and explains everything to you , also she dosent just rush you to go to the next patient which I like. The staff is nice and the wait is super short, I've never waited longer than 30mins.
1	Do not go here. I actually thought the doctor was good, but the rest of the staff is so horrible it doesn't matter. I went two times the doctor was helpful, but followup and post care was a nightmare. Manny the front desk gives wrong information about needing to come in and payments. They seem to only really care when it comes to getting paid. I had no help with refills for my medication which is standard and was told I would have. The office refused to give me a standard doctors note (which my two previous doctors before moving were more than happy to help with) they refuse to let me speak with the doctor or explain my needs directly to the doctor. They lose files, don't return phone calls, and when i expressed that I did not feel helped, Lynn in a very rude way told me to go else where and hung up on me. I've never been treated by a doctors office this way before, i noticed many of their patients are elderly and hope they are not scammed. bottom line the doctor shouldn't be nice just to get your money but follow through with care. This doctor does not take any responsibility for her staff, but will take your money.
5	Great family doctor! Super excite that I found her!
2	I am new to Las Vegas and am looking for a primary care physician.  I had heard good things about Dr. Pingol so I made an appointment.  I was told to be at the office 15 minutes early for my appointment so I could fill out my paperwork.  I arrived early and waited for 50 minutes during which time I started reading online reviews stating that it was normal to wait one to two hours for your appointment.  Dr. Pingol may be a fine doctor; however, in my opinion it is very inconsiderate to schedule someone and then let them sit waiting for an hour or more without any attempt to explain.  I got the feeling this is standard practice in Dr. Pingols office.  I left and won't be going back.  I would select one star but I did not get to see Dr. Pingol, so my rating is based off the office staff / efficiency alone.
