5	Great prices, Tommy gives very thorough customer service. Small waiting room with a TV and free WiFi.
3	Closed. It's now tire kingdom. They knew the difference between a regular crown Vic and my police interceptor.  Which is awesome and a surprise. Although the prices was almost double of another store (discount tire). Very knowledgeable and polite.
1	I used to only take both my vehicles here when it was buffalo Tire, the service was friendly and the work was good... Overall the attitude you get from these guys at tire kingdom is that you are bothering them if you have a question, and you should just pay them whatever they say with no explanation, they make you feel uncomfortable and unwelcome and are just plain rude.  Since they've Changed to Tire Kingdom the place has gone WAY down hill.  The last time I went there was for an oil change... The first day (Friday) I showed up around 12 O'clock there were 2 techs standing outside and two cars parked there... I asked the techs if they could do an oil change and he said no come back tomorrow around 9amShowed up the second day (Saturday) and the place was packed... after waiting for an hour to get my car in, one of the guys came back and asked where I had my last oil change because they had completely stripped the bolt on the oil pan.  I told them it was done there and showed them the paper work.  Because it was a weekend they could not get the part and asked if I could come back Monday.  I said no problem and asked if I needed an appointment they said no we will get you in just come after 10 because they needed to get the part from the dealer ...Showed up Monday around 11 and they had not gotten the part, once I got there they sent someone to get it.... 4 hours or so later (had time to walk to the mall, eat, walk around and get back before my car was pulled in) my oil change was done, then the tech proceeded to tell me that my rear brakes needed to be done and quoted me $780 for that... I didn't get the brakes done there, but I did have to pay full price for my 3 day oil change... $80 and not even one apology for the trouble. (I'm not the type of person to get bent out of shape about stuff I understand these things happen... bottom line is if they had apologized and maybe gave me a discount, especially for a repeat customer then I am sure I would still be getting my cars serviced there).I took my car to a shop around the corner and they did my brakes for about half the price I was quoted.   I will never go back here after taking my vehicles here for years, I feel sorry for Tommy he knows what customer service is.  It's a-shame his management and co-workers have no clue.If you have a foreign car I would recommend Independence auto around the corner on south blvd they act like they actually appreciate your business and they do a good job
1	If I could give 0 stars for this business I would!  Was totally ripped off!!!Took my car in to have NC Inspection.  While waiting, I could hear yelling coming from the service area.  After waiting 35-40 minutes the manager,  Will, came out and told me my car did not pass inspection and I needed new tires for it to pass. ( I had already been told by another employee they were fine).  I told Will that and he said "well they won't pass for NC". I left without buying tires.  Went around the corner to another place of business and had my car inspected and it passed! No problems with the tires. Later  in the afternoon I received a car from the gentleman that does the state inspections for this Tire Kingdom.  He apologized to me and told me my car was really okay to pass inspection including the tires but his boss, Will, had told him to fail me so I would buy tires.  Inspector refused to fail me since it really was ok and that is what all the yelling I heard from the service area was about. He told me he could not go on knowing that I had been  cheated. He said he had to do what his boss said even though he is the one that is certified to do the inspections- NOT WILL.  Kudos for an honest person there even though the manager is a crook.  I made a complaint to Corporate and have had several conversations with someone from Corp.  They admitted Will was wrong and should not have done that!   HOWEVER, Will is still the manager there so BEWARE!  I was taken advantage of by  this business just so Will could sell some tires.  What does it say about the company that keeps someone like this on as an employee and especially as a manager!!???   ANOTHER BEWARE- I went on Better Business Bureau  site to file a complaint.  You may want to read about this company on the BBB site before you think about doing business with them.
5	My car broke down the other night and a friend told me I should have it towed to Buffalo Tire.  Being in a jam, I had it towed there only to later find out that it had changed ownership and become Tire Kingdom.  I read the reviews online and my heart sank as most of them seemed to be negative... not a good feeling when you seem "forced" to use their services.   My experience has been all positive.  Robert has been professional and thorough, keeping me informed throughout the whole process.  I explained my hesitancy to do business there because of the poor reviews and he was very sympathetic and explained the situation.  Apparently, the store has had 11 different managers in a 2 year period and he was hired specifically to turn things around.   So far, he's doing a great job.  I would definitely give this store an opportunity for your business.   I don't work here, am not related to anyone here and have nothing to gain by posting this.  I just want to see people trying hard to do right and be honest get the support and business they need.
