4	on a short vacation here i went to the museum, and it was good. there was an exhibit on the First Ladies, which had a lot of cool stuff like clothing and White House China. the Heinz history part of the museum was pretty bad ass, as was the glass-making part.  thumbs up.
5	In my making of places I will visit when going to Pittsburgh the Carnegie Museum had to make the list. With the many hours spent in the adjacent library and the museum itself there is really no way I could not make time when I visit. I am not sure if what seemed like ominous dinosaur skeletons are still there or not but either way it will be a walk down memory lane to go.
1	How to put this gently?While I may go back to Pittsburgh some day, I will never return to the Carnegie Museum of Art. It's not that I mind that its gallery seemed small compared to others I have viewed (sometimes small museums have some hidden treasures) or that one whole gallery was blown glass and I felt like I was at a bong shop on haight st. in sf. It comes down to the fact that a docent, while trying to explain a painting with a watchtower in it, told the students it was a watchtower "from Auschwitz, a place where they basically fried a lot of Jews".  Seriously? That's how she chose to describe concentration camps to a large class of what I could only guess were middle schoolers? It sounded like she described a bad breakfast joint..."oh that place? they basically just fry eggs".On top of all that, the description of the piece stated the watchtower was reminiscent of those that were spread throughout East and West Germany during Hitler's rule (i.e. not those in Auschwitz).In sum, docents are a reflection of the institution in which they volunteer, and this one sucked. So, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, if you're going to hire racist people to lead your tours, at least make sure they have their facts straight (or can read).
3	I visited both the art and natural history museums last weekend. I majorly bummed that the large dinosaur exhibit was under refurbishment. Most of the rest of the museum is a large taxidermy exhibit - not my thing.In addition, the art museum, although nice, did not live up to the "major impressionist collection" rep it has. Maybe I'm just spoiled with Philly museums, but this one was a bit of a disappointment. Major thumbs down to the museum for not notifying visitors ahead of time that the statue room was shut down for a private function during the day.
3	First off, you have to pay (although you do get two museums out of this for only $10.) So you've payed, and you go in and look around and the first room you come to seems amazing. Ancient statuary, tombs, the Elgin Marbles... Wait, the Elgin Marbles? You seem to recall that those are in London. Isn't there an ongoing controversy about repatriating them to Greece?Oh. Wow. Oh, ok. They're all plaster casts. That's sort of cool, I guess. Maybe I'm a bit slow on the uptake. So, move along. The contemporary art works are pretty fantastic, particularly a Rachel Whiteread piece, a video installation filmed supposedly in a semi-trailer, and a sculpture using mirrors. Also, there is some great Pgh related art. Especially the painting of the dog from the firebrigade.Go over to the Natural History Museum. Appreciate the fact that the displays were constructed before people worried about portrayals of violence and proceed to play a pretty fun game of Spot-the-Dead-Thing-in-the-Diorama. And trust me, nearly every diorama includes a death. Go into the wood paneled room (yep) and walk into an area that is tucked away and looks like an after-thought to see a badger. It's a pretty great badger, as far as they go.Notice that much of the museum is under construction. Wander out after an hour or two. Maybe when the dinosaur exhibit is up it will be worth going; apparently the bone collection if extensive. In any case, leave a little disappointed.
4	If you're not into blockbusters and the crowds that attend them, you might really enjoy spending a slow, quiet day with the impressionist and modern paintings in the art museum's permanent collection.When I moved to Pittsburgh, they had this sort of omnibus exhibit of their own permanent collection called (somewhat inappropriately) Panopticon and arranged kind of Barnes Collection style. That was cool. But on subsequent visits, the permanent galleries were equally impressive and even more pleasurable in their everyday arrangements. I might be mistaken, but I think that even everyday the paintings are hung above one another, not all in a straight line in a white box of a room, ala the Metropolitan's modern collection. I also think the furniture collection is pretty exciting and the Teenie Harris Collection and Project is fascinating. I will say, though, that in six years I was never once moved to go to any of the special exhibitions they hosted. I guess it's important to note, too, that the art and natural history museums are attached to one another (and located in Oakland), and one admission covers both. The fossilized dinosaur skeletons at the natural history museum are supposed to be amazing, but I OD-ed on dinosaurs somewhere around the second grade. Still, the whole Victorian super-museum thing is an experience.
4	Pittsburgh is really lucky to have such a world-class institution like the Carnegie Museums. The museum complex is so big, you will likely need more than one visit to see everything. I believe the Carnegie Museums rival the Smithsonian Museums in terms of quality of exhibits. Granted, the Smithsonian has the Hope Diamond. I really enjoyed the Carnegie's art section. Their dinosaur fossil exhibit is top-notch. When I was visiting the Carnegie Museums this summer, they were hosting the Life On Mars international art exhibition. They showcased a very interesting array of international artists that were on the cutting edge. A visit to the Carnegie Museums is a must if you're interested in either art or history and worth the admission price.
3	The pros: Dinosaurs in Their Time is pretty cool.  The years of renovation were worth it - the former dinosaur hall is completely transformed.  Remember how everything was in straight lines and the dinosaurs were up on their big pedestals?  Now the exhibit is sort of S-shaped, the walls are painted with colorful murals, the support columns are disguised as trees, there are plants around the dinosaurs and dead leaves underneath.  Underneath every dinosaur is a nameplate with a lot of information and a touchscreen with even MORE information, including a section on how the Carnegie Museum researchers contributed to the discovery or naming of this dinosaur.  There is a lot more natural light than I remember, and there are 2 balconies that overlook the exhibits for more photo opportunities.  There is also an extensive timeline of the Carnegie Museum's expeditions and contributions to paleontology, and a timelapse video of the renovations.The cons: The rest of the history museum is pretty lame compared to this new and awesome exhibit.  The biggest examples are the 2nd floor Halls of African and North American Wildlife and the 3rd floor Birds hall.  Big cases of taxidermy in a wood-paneled room with dim lighting - hardly thrilling.  The 3rd floor Polar World is starting to look dated too.  Even the fonts used date the exhibits.Admission is now $15 for adults, $11 for students (free for Pitt students!).  This does get you into the Carnegie Museum of Art also, but I'm usually tired after doing the whole history museum so I never get over to the art side.  I would recommend seeing the dinosaurs, then skipping the rest of the history museum if you've been there before.  The Dinosaurs in Their Time would get five stars on its own, but the rest of the museum is lagging behind unfortunately.
5	I had a week off from work recently.  I needed it to take a little break and I decided, what better way to get caught up on all the museums and cultural institutions in the 'Burgh?To say that the Carnegie is THE Pittsburgh Cultural Institution is indeed an understatement and as I live in nearby Squirrel Hill, I am so happy to have it within walking distance.  Although the day I visited, I rode my bike and parked it all day.  (Note to Yelp'er Mike O. from Park Ridge, IL--I didn't wipe out this time!).I decided to spend the entire day at the Carnegie, and believe me it was worth it!  As Emily H. says, the Dinosaurs in their time was really worth it!  It went from being a stuffy, dull, "stuffed and mounted" exhibit to being a really neat walk-through one.  The murals really give the exhibit a sense of time and place.  The exhibit shows how the plants, mammals, fish, and insects that surrounded them continue to evolve and create the biological diversity that surrounds us today.A long-time favorite of mine is the Hillman Hall of Minerals and Gems.  I've always loved the bright colors of the gems and could stand there for hours in hushed awe of these beautiful stones.  The museum just added the Wertz Gallery of Gems and Jewelry to the Hillman Hall.  The gallery has an extensive collection of birthstones, giving the history of each and how birthstones came to be.  The current special exhibit is the watches and timepieces from H.J. Heinz, including a stunning music box and watch piece.But as much as I enjoy natural science, I really love art.  The Carnegie Museum of Art includes  American art from the late nineteenth century, French Impressionist and Post-Impressionist paintings, and European and American decorative arts.   The Heinz Architectural is dedicated to the collection, study, and exhibition of architectural drawings and models.  I particularly enjoy Asian art and the Carnegie has an extensive collection of Japanese prints.  One special exhibit that I really recommend will be there only until October 18, 2008 and it is "Abstract Art before 1950: Watercolors, Drawings, Prints, and Photographs".  It consists of avant-garde works by European, American, and Japanese artists.  So while the admission fee is $15.00, it does include both the Natural History Museum and the Museum of Art.  To get your money's worth, plan on staying a whole day.  I did and I still feel like I didn't see everything.
5	the Carnegie museum of art has a rich history in the art world that most people would not even know or appreciate. the world renown international exhibitions are something worth making a trip to the museum for. this year's international was very solid in its curator's ability to bring lots of cool artists to the show and have a theme. these shows happen every 3 years as it takes them that long to plan a show of that caliber. the permanent collection is not bad considering it's Pittsburgh and not NYC. people are way to judgemental of cma's collection, don't forget you're in Pittsburgh and not a major metropolitan with millions of art folk. and the natural history museum that is connected is pretty awesome if you like dinosaurs, probably one of the best dinosaur displays I've seen in all my museum visit.
5	Yet another reason that Pittsburgh is so incredibly lucky.  The Carnegie Museums are scattered throughout the Pittsburgh area and include the Oakland Museums (highlighted here) as well as the Carnegie Science Museum and the Andy Warhol museum.  This three building complex (the Museum of Art, Natural Science and History, and the Carnegie Library) sit on an entire city block, lined with sculptures of winged sirens, dinosaurs and literary legends.  Complimented by the lush Oakland landscape, right on the backdrop of the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University, the locale delivers wonderful exhibitions across most mediums and provide a wonderful cultural and learning experience.   I recently visited the museum to see "Horse," an exhibition in the history museum, depicting how this working animal has influenced human culture.  A VERY interesting and educational exhibit.  With one of the largest dinosaur collections in the world, you could literally spend an entire day in the History museum alone.   Over at the Art Museum (which joins through one hallway) The Scaiffe Galleries house works of Rodin, Monet, Klimt, Hopper and many others.  There's something there for everyone - paintings, etchings and sculpture.  And, don't miss the Hall of Art and Architecture.  This enourmous room houses casts of early Greek and Roman buildings, as well as church and mission facades' which cannot be matched.  If you're in town for the Carnegie International, you're extra lucky.  As one of the largest annual art shows, the museum hand picks pieces from around the world, showcasing leading contemporary artists.  A must see.  There is a cafe inside the museum, as well as a couple of gift shops. There are also several restaurants on Craig Street, adjacent to the museum.  There is paid parking next door to the Art museum.  Metered street parking is also available.  The museum is largely funded through the Carnegie Foundation, and has a huge donor program.  Annual memberships offer great benefits.
5	So much to see! I was visiting Pittsburgh for a weekend and was wondering around, looking at downtown and my future school, CMU, when it started raining. I ducked in here, not really knowing what it was and what to expect. I've only made it through 3/4 of the first floor but you can easily spend an entire day here and it might not be enough. I visited the architecture, gems and stones and rushed through the dinosaurs.None of the exhibits were too crowded (on a Sat!) , you could browse in peace and not feel rushed.
5	No offense to Pittsburgh residents....but wow!!! Who would have thought Pittsburgh would have so much culture? It was my first time in the city and I imagined...well not this!The Natural History museum was excellent. Tons to see, and great exhibits. The gems were extensive and really interesting. The kids loved the dinosaurs & Indian exhibits. Very interesting displays on the Inuits. The only exhibit that needed a little help was Ancient Egypt. There was very little to see and nothing as interesting as most of the other city museums with Egyptian exhibits.The museum also has a snack bar & vending area downstairs. Inexpensive and great to grab a quick bite to eat.
4	I was trying to decide whether to visit the Carnegie Museum of Art or the Museum of Natural History, and decided to go with the art museum first.  Lo and behold, your admission ticket to one gets you into the other at no charge, and they're connected so you don't even have to go outside.  Score!So, two great museums for the price of one.  The art museum, even on a Saturday afternoon, was not crowded.  The galleries don't have the most intuitive layout, and I kept feeling like I was missing something as I walked through the smallish rooms.  Still, it was pretty easy to find the collections that most interested me.  The photography exhibit has some fantastic portraits and slices of Pittsburgh history.The natural history museum, on the other hand, was full of kids of all ages running around among the dinosaur skeletons.  I spent less time wandering the exhibits of gemstones and preserved animals than I had spent with the art, but still recommend checking out the badass dioramas of North American and African wildlife.Overall, a worthwhile diversion on a larger scale than you'd expect in a city Pittsburgh's size, with a bonus museum in the price of your ticket.
4	Us lucky Carnegie Mellon students could get into this museum for free, sooo I managed to make it here once a year. Looking back, I probably should have gone way more. The architecture of the building is so open, airy and bright. I love the layout and the gigantic staircase up to the galleries. My favorite part - the gigantic room with all the dinosaur skeletons and the last room in the art galleries with the modern art... there's a really neat blue painting with concentric circles, which tricks your eyes into thinking it's breathing. crazy.
5	I love that you get into both the museum of Natural History and the Museum of Art for one ticket.I love looking at the Native American exhibits and the Gems and Minerals.Whenever it comes around, don't miss the Carnegie International Show.  It showcases some of the best comtemporary artwork in the world.  I absolutely loved the Life on Mars collection, and it introduced me to some really amazing artists.(and I do want to say that, if you go to the museums often, it is REALLY worth it to get a membership.  It gives you access to the two Oakland museums, plus the Warhol and the Science Center.  I've had a membership for 3 years)
5	Dinosaurs AND fine art, all for one price.  This museum should be your first stop in Pittsburgh.We spent a full afternoon exploring and came away thoroughly impressed.   They have the best dinosaur exhibits probably in North America, including two T-Rex's.  The geologic and gemstone collections were also extensive.On the art side, there's a varied selection of modern and contemporary works, all well presented.  There's several pieces of note, nothing too special you wouldn't find outside of NY, DC, or Philly, but combine it with dinosaurs and I'm sold.
3	Why Go?You want to see lots of shiny gems, random contemporary art that doesn't make any sense (at least to me), and dinos all in one placeWhen to Go?If you're cheap go 1hr or 1.5 hr before closing cuz we got in FREE!!!but keep in mind you only have so much time to spend so be selectiveWhat You Should See?1.) Gems! Gems! & more Gems! Makes you feel like ur at tiffany's w/ all the glass cases2.) Dinos obviously, you can click on their touch screen to see which parts of the skeleton is real vs. a cast3.) Hall of Sculpture - when you walk in ur surrounded in greek architecture; of course their casts but still gives u the feel4.) Sperm Whale Exibit - if it is still there check it out interesting to hear the maori tribe story5.) Art side...meh not too much that I liked but for ppl who like old oils / contemporary art (i.e., canvas covered in black paint, elephant dung, rocks in a circle) then its for youCafe * Not bad food either sandwich w/ a side for around $6-$7
5	Dinosaurs!!!I have never seen dinosaurs before, so this was a real treat.  My family and I went on a Thursday afternoon, which is the only day that they are open until 8pm.  We were there for about two hours and that was NOT enough.  I was very impressed by the geology collection, make sure you check that out!
4	The boy and I spent most of a day here.  In the morning, we and his sister-in-law and 18-month nephew went through the Natural History museum.  The dinosaur exhibit was, of course, the highlight.  I was also impressed by the bird collection.  We were both a little disappointed at the botany display, which was only one smallish room.  I noticed that in a few of the displays, cards indicated that a certain number of artifacts were supposed to be on display, but some had been removed with no explanation or updating to the information.  Or maybe someone stole them and the museum hasn't noticed yet!!In terms of natural history museums, I think we have been spoiled for all others by the Field Museum in Chicago.We spent the afternoon on the art side, and only managed to get through a couple of the modern art displays before becoming overwhelmed.  There was one film about migration in the modern art room which we both really enjoyed.  I found the art involving the venetian blinds and various types of light bulbs to be fascinating.  We spent the last hour of our time upstairs in the Ancient Egypt exhibit.  Unfortunately, there seemed to be a corporate event happening that afternoon which involved a scavenger hunt; if you think that children's field trips and scavenger hunts are annoying, imagine a whole herd of businessmen and women on a scavenger hunt, and not using their indoor voices, either.Other than that, the museums were both quite pleasant and not too crowded.  Well worth the student price of $11.
5	There are actually 4 museums in the Carnegie Museum group in Pittsburgh. I'll review the Natural History and Art Museums in this review (separate review for the Warhol forthcoming.)The low-down - for $15 you get admission to both the Natural History Museum and the Art Museum. It is well worth the money as you can spend hours on both sides.The Natural History Museum is a dinosaur lover heaven. The fossils are seriously awesome, especially the one that you see when you walk in (that is still in the huge rock face.)  Just a great collection and definitely a good place for families.The art museum has some great items in it - the Monet probably stands out for most people. I loved the "Chariot of Aurora" installation - a 32 panel wall that once graced the luxury cruiseliner Normandie. There were plenty of gems in the modern collection besides the Monet - loved the John Singer Sargent and the Bourgerou. Also impressive was the Hall of Architecture and the Hall of Sculpture. These transform you into another place and time while you are there. I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spent here and would not hesitate to come here again. Highly recommended.
5	What a great set of museums! You have art, the natural history and the library all in the same building on a sprawling campus by Pittsburgh standards!!It is cheap to get in (it used to be by "donations", but I'm not sure if it still is... you can also buy into a membership program) and it is a really awesome way to spend an afternoon! There is a cafe in the art museum (and if I remember correctly, a cafeteria in the natural history) that serves sandwiches and the like.. there is also a nice sized gift shop. Metered parking outside or a lot that you can enter near the entrance to the art museum is a great option. The building itself is impressive looking. Enjoy!
5	what can you say? just have a lot of time to spend! because its soo packed with all sorts of great works and exhibitions! dont for get to take art classes! especially if you have children- there are a lot of things to do.
5	i will never forget the day i found out that archaeological "elevator" doesn't REALLY go a half-million feet below ground.don't want to be too dramatic, but, yeah - i was never the same.
4	Love this place! I was visiting Pittsburgh from Houston and we decided to finish off our visit with this museum - or should I say museums. Coming from Houston where we have some pretty good museums, this was a pleasant surprise - really cheap considering you get both Art and Natural History.The dinosaur exhibit was so interesting and educational.  The gem and mineral exhibit was huge. And the art museum had a surprisingly awesome collection - I was thrilled to see a couple Van Goghs, Monets, Cezannes, etc.The only exhibit I didn't much care for was the temporary art exhbit - some contemporary craziness that involved body parts dangling from the ceiling.. at least it gave us something to talk about.All in all I did not spend nearly as much time here as I could have and would have liked. I highly recommend this for anyone visiting Pittsburgh.
4	I lived outside of New York for 7 years.   We went to theaters, clubs, restaurants, yet I NEVER went to any of the museums or any of the tourist sights.  Why?  Because I could do that anytime, right?  Then I left and I look back and think, "Why the hell didn't I go to the Empire State building?"  Now, every time I go back to NY, I try to knock off at least one tourist thing and one museum, in addition to the usual list of restaurants, etc.I realized I was about to fall in to the same trap here in Pittsburgh.  I've been here a year and eaten about about every conceivable restaurant in the city, been to most of the bars, but I haven't been to many of the attractions that people talk about that make the city so great.  So I have made a list--a list of things to do in Pittsburgh if I were a tourist.  And every Saturday, I will do at least "One Cool Thing in Pittsburgh."  Today was day one--and today was THE CARNEGIE MUSEUMS in Oakland.My first comment is, man, am I tired.  That is one big museum.  We started out by visiting the Biennial exhibition--a collection of Pittsburgh Artists.  The work was mixed--the photography exhibition was strong; I was a little underwhelmed by some of the other work--but either way, it was awesome to see the work on display and it speaks to the vibrant arts scene here.  The layout of the permanent collection is one of the most logical and easily flowing I've ever seen.  And the collections, while not huge, are all solid.  Definitely the 'right' pieces for someone who wants a nice overview of a period of time.  We were already tired by the time we got through the second floor (we never did go down to one) collection and decided we had to at least check out the dinosaurs.  Awesome.Got some geological history on the way.   By the time we saw the T Rex, we were both in need of a beer.  As we walked out, we upgraded our tickets to a dual membership.  We'll definitely be back.Can't wait to see what's next on the list.
3	Pittsburgh is viewed by many as a 3rd rate city - it is most certainly not. the carnegie museum(s) and surrounding area alone prove what a great city pittsburgh really is. ive only visited this museum once, and i hate it when yelpers have one bad outing as their only experience and give a 1 star rating. GROW UP PEOPLE.that being said - theres plenty negative things to say about this place. lots of wasted space. i was astounded by the large area (and time i spent) wasted on replicas! its great for the children to see, dont get me wrong. but "ok heres some more fake stuff from 'a long time ago' from the other side of the world." and the fake jemstones...i just dont get why i would go to a museum to look at what basically amounts to counterfeits. also, the day i was there was very empty, dead in most every area. that is normally a blessing, but at this place it gives the nazi 'security' staff members your personal undivided attention. they have a rule here that your backpack only be carried ON ONE SHOULDER, and if you are wearing it properly on both shoulders they yell at you. i had 2 women who (after asked 2 or 3 times) followed me around from room to room and stared at me waiting for me to move a strap off my arm....or course being an immature man-child i gave her what she wanted. "that backpack looks too heavy for you! come down with me and check it in a locker." yeah right lady...it was baffling to me why they would insist on this as a huge deal, so i asked someone "in charge" later (while i was being rule-abiding one shoulder museum goer) and she explained that "people that wear their backpacks correctly forget that theyre wearing them, and turn around abruptly and knock over things or people"!!! [oops i forgot that im wearing this on my back, and have now knocked over this fake inexpensive museum piece]. i asked her if she realized its not good for the bags OR your back to wear them incorrectly and she said the museum is more important than those things. then - with my pack on one shoulder - i said "oh...ok" then whipped my backpack around and hit her on the side, because i forgot it was there! (immature manchild)ugh. but it is a very nice place. beautiful on the outside and many cool paintings and scultpures. quite resonable entrance fee. great location. they let you take photographs inside. it seems like it would be great for children.
4	I'm from Detroit. We have a decent art museum, but nothing this awesome.The Carnegie Museum houses two very nice museums. Natural History and Art. The Natural History Museum is very impressive and it's cool knowing that all the specimens belong to the museum and they aren't on loan from some hoity-toity New York museum. It's not huge like the Smithsonian, but it's certainly cool seeing real dinosaur bones. My accompaniment had to stifle all my Jurassic Park "Mr. DNA" references.The art section is also quite impressive. I personally still prefer my Detroit Institute of Art, but this museum is still nice. I got a little confused about how to walk around. I prefer my museums in chronological order, not cool to less cool, which is what this seems to be. The modern art is very cool, but after being at the Warhol the day before, I had my fill of high-concept stuff. There's quite a bit of Impressionism, which by scientific fact all women love.This is great way to spend a long afternoon and there's plenty to do in Oakland afterwards.
5	Oh by golly there are so few reviews!!! This place rocks, flat out hands down rocks. It's great for little kids and big kids, planning family trips can often be a challenge. Especially when you have kids who are not close in age,  well this museum solves that problem .There are also craft tables normally set up in the corridor  between the history museum and art museum. Every year they do an art in bloom exhibit which I love!!!  Where local florist will make arrangements to go a long with different paintings or sculptures on exhibit, I've never seen anything like it before. If you receive public assistance you can get $1.00 admission for up to 4 people, and if you have a family member or friend who does TELL THEM, that is really a measure of good faith on behalf of the Carnegie Museum.
5	Well Susan the Procrastinator had left yet another review pending for a couple of weeks!  Anyway, my mom and I went to the Carnegie Museum of Art to see the exhibit, "Read My Pins: The Madeleine Albright Collection".  We went  on March 4, 2012 the day it closed.  O' but I'm so glad we saw it, albeit at the last minute!  Madeline Albright has always been one of  my favorite women in politics.  In 1997, Albright was named the first female Secretary of State and became, at that time, the highest ranking woman in the history of the U.S. government.  Prior to that, she was Ambassador to the U.N.  While serving under President Bill Clinton, first as U.S ambassador to the United Nations, and then as Secretary of State, Albright became known for wearing brooches that purposefully conveyed her views about the situation at hand.  She was famous for saying, "While President George H.W. Bush had been known for saying 'Read my lips,' I began urging colleagues and reporters to 'Read my pins.'"In 1994, Saddam Hussein's government-controlled press referred to then-U.S. Ambassador to the UN Albright as an "unparalleled serpent." She then wore a golden snake brooch to her next meeting on Iraq,  I was really quite enthralled by the collection that Secretary Albright cultivated.  As my guide says, "The collection is distinctive and democratic-sometimes demure and understated, sometimes outlandish and outspoken-spanning more than a century of jewelry design and including fascinating pieces from across the globe."   Some of the pieces on display were fine antiques, such as the circa 1880 "Blue Bird".   But many of the pieces were costume jewelry.  I guess my favorite piece was "Liberty Brooch".  Now this piece, circa 1997 by Gijs Bakker, is the head of Lady Liberty with two watch faces for eyes, one of which is upside down-allowing both her and her visitor to see when it is time for an appointment to end.  A very clever piece, and judging by the others' comments at the exhibit, I'm not the only one with that opinion.  Mom really loved it too.  So this was a really powerful exhibit of an eclectic collection of jewelry.  I strongly recommend reading the accompanying book, "Read My Pins: Stories from a Diplomat's Jewel Box", which you can get at Barnes & Noble or Amazon.  Madeleine Albright is an inspiration to women in politics and government.
5	To start simply, let's just say I had low expectations. I mean, really I had only stopped in for something to do on a rainy day out in Pittsburgh for work ( I mean after work was done I swear). So I stopped in to see what the museums were all about, and I was more than surprised to see the magnitude of serious works they have, the diversity of their collection, oh and dinosaurs. Two museums for the price of one really is a bargain, there's no way to not see that. The collections in BOTH museums are interesting and vast.Different people have different ways of experiencing museums, personally I like to meander and find different things at different times. I was glad to see that I could definitely get lost here in different ways on different occasions. But no review about art and dinosaurs (natural history) is really going to cover everything the space has to offer, so I'll just say that you won't be disappointed, and who knows maybe you'll really love it. I know I did.
5	Pittsburghers need to be proud of such institutions. Darren and I came here early last month and were amazed. The Hall of Minerals and Gems is so pretty! A girl could get lost in there alone. I also liked the exhibit of watches as well as the butterfly displays. We didn't have enough time to go through the art museum too much, but what I did see wanted me to return. I'd love to get a membership here. Hint, hint honey.
4	Wasn't the best museum I've ever been to but was much better than most.  I lijed that there were many different features and lots of exhibits that you could touch.  Volunteers were knowledgable and friendly. With so much variety it would be very hard to not find something of interest. Liked it so much that I think I'm going to be a member.
5	Totally incredible way to spend an afternoon with my family - these museums have it all! Since we have a family membership (which I highly recommend), we typically pop in for an hour or two at a time, focusing on different areas of the complex in Oakland every time we go. Our daughter seems to enjoy the dinosaurs the most, but she's also intrigued by the art collection! My favorite part is the Hall of Architecture, filled with many incredible casts of facades and sculptures. Just the fact that they have casts of the Venus de Milo and Nike of Samothrace is unbelieveable - I don't think that casting of these timeless works of art is even allowed anymore. Don't miss out on the basement kid's room, because it's full of hands-on activities for the young ones.We will definitely keep our membership current as the years go on - it's timeless, and always fun!
4	I love art museums and this is no exception. The Maya Lin exhibition that they had here was quite impressive. For a little city like Pittsburgh, this gem is definitely a must see for someone visiting. They have a pretty good exhibition and it's connected to the dinosaur section! Yeah, that's right, dinos. This place is great for your little tyke because they have a "excavation site" where you can uncover dinosaurs. My friend and I tried to do a little excavation and my god - it's hard. You really have to put your back into it. After an hour we gave up and returned to our adventuring through the museum. Of course it's no Philadelphia Museum of Art but hey, it's pretty darn good too!
5	Not many people can say they have wedding photos with Jane, the Tyrannosaurus Rex at the Carnegie Museum, but our family can! This museum was not only a huge part of my daughters' childhoods with at least 1 visit every summer, our youngest daughter got married there. The Carnegie Museum will hold a special place in our hearts forever! The basic exhibits have been there since I did my school field trips (a loooong time ago!) and there have always been special rotating ones to check out and enjoy over the years. What one doesn't stop long enough to realize as you're schlepping kids from place to place is the amazing architecture of the building itself. That's what became so apparent as the wedding was taking place. The murals all around the walls and ceiling of the grand staircase area where the ceremony was held are spectacular, as well as the marble columns and staircases themselves. I had never had the opportunity to stand there and take it all in until that moment and it's pretty mind blowing how gorgeous everything truly is. The 2 typical places for social events at the museum are The Hall of Architecture, where our reception was held, or the Carnegie Music Hall. Both are amazing event sites. Parkhurst Dining does the catering for events at the museum. Yes, it's the catering division of Eat N Park which initially gave us pause until we did their tasting and from that point on we had no worries. They produced really spectacular food elevated far above what one considers typical banquet fare. Everyone raved about their steaks being perfectly cooked and everything arrived hot to the tables. Alice, the baker, did a phenomenal job on the wedding cake, too. I'm not even a cake person and have to say that Alice's chocolate cake with raspberries was killer! All the Greek and Roman Facades in the Hall of Architecture had always given me goose bumps when I walked in there over the years. Imagine it decorated for a reception! Truly unique and wonderful. The Carnegie Museum is certainly a Pittsburgh treasure to be enjoyed on many levels both as kids and adults. And based on our experience, it's an unbelievably great place to host an event.
4	The staff were incredible and very helpful.Dinosaurs!Gicometti!Carnegie International 2013 was trip! And to see CI from previous years...it was like a hot party that all the great ones are invited to!
5	The admission seems expensive, but you get two fantastic museums!  Arrive early, plan on spending a whole day.  So much to see and do!  Pittsburgh is truly lucky to have such an amazing institution.
5	Incredible.  There is a massive art collection, terrific dinosaur exhibit, and be sure to visit the mineral collection!  There's so much to see, you will spend the whole day there!  A must-see if you're visiting Pittsburgh!
5	Awesome Dinos and terrific tour guides.
1	At this point, I am done. I scheduled my kids for the last 2 weeks in August and then due to an emergency, I had to cancel, which I did a month before their camp was to start. I was told they were issuing my refund, and that was 3 weeks ago. THREE WEEKS and i still dont have it. I live probably 30 minutes from the museum and could have driven there 63838484848485858 times by now and picked it up. Its just sooo unprofessional and annoying. They need to get their office together and deliver refunds in a timely manner. 7-10 business days are fine but 3 WEEKS is UNACCEPTABLE for it to not have even been MAILED YET. So dissapointed and will never use them again.
1	In response to the response I received from the Museum rep, I called and left a message and never received a reply as of yet, but you reponded on Yelp. This week is the 3rd week. your response stated that my refund was sent this week, if you are speaking about this current week, today is the 14th, monday and the week has just begun. If you are talking about last week, can you please tell me what day since leaving messages do not gain a response except to be contacted here on Yelp. Thank you.
5	It's the first time I've "Yelped" anything other than a restaurant. However, after spending the better part of a day enjoying the Art/Natural History Museums, I'm branching out...guess I'm way overdue! Undoubtedly, there are plenty of bores who cannot imagine a quality museum anywhere west of Bilbao. Pay them no mind. The range and quality of exhibits at the Carnegie are rightly rich sources of pride and accomplishment to the organization and Pittsburgh. And, each and every staff member I spoke with was courteous, helpful and obviously well trained...something that's not always the case in many exalted European settings. If you're traveling with children you'll appreciate the numerous interactive areas created for the kids.  Pittsburgh is so much more than football, hockey and salads with hidden french fries (tell me again why they do that?). You'll completely understand when you visit the Carnegie Museums.
5	We went for friends bridal shower brunch and stayed for the art. The beauty of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh can only be described as mesmerizing. We enjoyed a beautiful brunch with flawless service. The afternoon was spent among some of the worlds best art collection. I recommend taking a tour, stopping for lunch either in the restaurant or the cafe and then finishing your day with viewing another collection. You can enjoy Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh in a day, but since the price is right why not come twice? Easy parking, friendly staff and beautiful architecture make this place one of our favorite escapes.
5	This collection is extensive and covers so many styles and periods, there is bound to be something that grabs you. The setting alone is worth the trip. On a clear day you can see all the way from the skyline to the ocean. The gardens are a delight also.
