3	I used to frequent Barleys when I lived in Henderson and ate beef as the cafe's burgers are second to none in town, especially for the price. The cafe is not really seperate from the rest of the casino so you do get a bit of smoke and the noise. Unless it has changed you need a players club card to get the best deal. Other than the burger and fries Barleys has a good selection of microbrews brewed on site that are, in my opinon, the best in town. My favorite of the brews are Red Rock and Blue Diamond. Overall if you can manage the atmosphere it is worth dropping by for the beer and burgers.
4	I don't think Barley's gets enough credit!It's a good place to go for a burger and a beer (make sure you get the player's card, playa).The brews are good, my favorite is the Red Rock... for you people familiar with San Diego, it's similar to an Amber Karl Straus.The chairs are comfy in the sportsbook area but I'm partial to the bar, especially when the Laker game is on.  I won 3 dollars when I first came here! That's three more than I played! (I'm not a gambling woman). Simply.... get a burger or a pizza and you'll be okay.
2	I went to eat here tonight because they sent me a buy one get one free meal coupon, how can i resist??? So we get seated, this guy comes to order our drinks and we both ask for water....he never came back, then another guy asks for our drink order and guess what.. he never comes back! we ordered freakin water for christs sake! So then this lady comes over get our drink order and she brings us some water. finally ahhhh. i was dying of dehydration! its a desert out there u kno!!!!!!  then we order out food, it came out pretty quickly and the corn was kinda overcooked and mushy but other then that i cant really complain too much. we paid and went to go walk over to the bar.so serious pet peeve, people who sit at the bar where there are games and do not play... if u r going to sit there than play or sit at a seat with no machine. Of course it is full of people not playing and i cant even get a seat. annoyed i left. this review is one bad experience but i want to say i have had 4 star experiences at this place but this was my first time in their restraunt section.. that part gets 2 stars!!
2	Attended the 15th anniversary and had a mixed experience.  How can you knock 15 cent beer, pizza and wings?  I can't, especially when the beer is pretty damned good.  Now the bad news...the service.  I was standing in line at the beer stand near the sports book.  I didn't mind waiting because they were fairly busy due to the cheap prices.  As I got to the front, I was second in line.  The guy behind me asked the guy pouring the beer a question and to my surprise the server asked him what he wanted and helped him.  The lady in front of me turned and said "I guess we wasted our time standing in line."  The other server, a blond lady finally helped us.  When it was my turn, I ordered 4 beers.  She told me that she could only give me 2.  That would be fine except that 2 out of the 3 people in front of me were served 3 each by her.  I only remember that because I was trying to figure out how to carry 4 and was watching how they carried their 3.  If the rule is 2 per customer, fine, but don't arbitrarily enforce the rules.  It made me feel discriminated against and irritated me the rest of the night.  I hadn't been in there for years but was enjoying my night.  In an instant, it turned and now I won't be back over something that could have been avoided.
1	The service is terrible. The food is only decent. The only reason I could ever see coming back here would be for the beer, and quite frankly, I'd rather drive across town to the Tenaya Creek Brewery. I can say I won't be a return customer
1	I've been here twice. Well, actually one and a half times. The first time the service was ok, but the food was awful. We got the bacon wrapped shrimp and it was RAW. I can think of few things as terrifyingly bad as raw shrimp, wrapped in raw bacon. Can you? But alas, I live two blocks away and thought, well we will give it another shot. My sister saw on the website that there were fried oreo sundaes. We said ok what the hell. So we went down, and sat. And sat. And sat. Finally we started debating whether we needed to walk up to the bar and get menus or leave or what, and someone came over. We ordered waters while we checked out the beer selection, and waited for her to return so we could ask some menu questions, like where were the oreo sundaes ont he menu? She dropped the waters and left. And left. And left. And never returned. Finally we left as well and went to the village pub down the street. MUCH better. :) I tried to give this place a second chance. I WANT to like this place, I can walk there in two minutes from my apartment! It says they have five dollar dinners, but we never go tot ask about them cause there was no server. The wings on the menu were 7 dollars, but there was sign that said five dollar wings...at the pizza place. However the pizza place, restaurant and bar are all one entity so I dont understand where we go for that deal. Oh and the oreo sundaes are a lie. :(
4	I used to live right by Barleys and I would go there to watch football games, drink cheap beer, and eat cheap pizza.  On game days there pizzas were $5 and the rest of the time they are about $7.  I went back there recently because I heard they were having a Brewfest.  The Brewfest was pretty sweet and after embibing a bit I decided to grab a pizza.  Now this wasn't the best pizza I've ever had in my life but it was pretty darn good!  For the price, it was a steal.  Their beers are pretty delicious as well and they offer a sampler of them that isn't too pricey.  On gamedays this place was always jam packed but any other time I've been it was empty, which can be good or bad.  The inside is nice ad the decor seems pretty up to date.  I've always had fine service when I came.  Bottom line: not a bad place to grab some great beer and watch a game.
4	There's only one food I love more than burgers: the baked potato. It is, in a word, perfect. It's very hard to mess up, and when you get it, it's a canvas for some of the most delectable toppings ever. I could eat one every day (and almost proved this in the summer of 2003 on Orientation Staff).So when I saw a billboard for AYCE soup, salad, pizza and POTATO BAR at Barley's, I got a little food-rection. So today I checked it out, and I have to say, I was somewhat impressed.First off, they call themselves a "casino," but let's not lie: It's a slothouse. They have a small sportsbook too. No tables. So don't get all hot and bothered about gaming.The cafe is where the AYCE is. $4.99 for the whole thing? Not quite. But after the required drink (and showing your player's card) and tax and tip, it's about $9 (I tip healthy), which is about the price of Sweet Tomatoes/Souplantation BEFORE tax and tip and what not. So still a good bargain.And the spread is pretty decent too. I make simple salads, but they do include ham and chicken at no extra cost. Plenty of dressings (with a light ranch! Hooray!). No fancy-schmancy stuff like sprouts -- BAH! Who needs em?As for the potatoes, they're well-cooked. Not burnt and dry, but not raw. Pile on some of the salad toppings (a little cheese, a little bacon, revenge of the light dressing) and you have instant happy (and instant full belly).As for the pizza and soup options, the pizza is only cheese. And it looked kinda sickly under the light. But after being daring and trying it anyway, it was actually quite tasty. Not high quality but still good. If the pizza portion is what drew you here, I offer you apologies, and recommend you read my reviews more often to avoid disappointment.They have a beef barley (GET IT? CUZ IT'S NAMED BARLEY'S! WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA!) soup and a soup of the day, which that day was some kind of chowder, so I passed on the soup.And they brew their own beer, so beer lovers should definitely check it out. I didn't have any this time, but maybe next. Oh yes, there will be a next.Service was a little slow, but that's okay because if you take this option it's mostly serve yourself. And if you don't want to do the AYCE thing, there's a full menu too. I may have to try that sometime.A nice little hidden dive in Henderson. Sweet Tomatoes, consider yourself challenged.
1	Decided to try Barleys for dinner with my roommate the other night. The smell of old bacon wafting in the air outside should have given me a clue. And if it didn't, the sticky table, cold tea, and dirty menu should have. Or perhaps the staff who don't even know the food to help suggest something. They're probably smart enough to eat elsewhere. Did I leave at this point? No. No, I did not. Why not? Because clearly I'm an idiot. My roommate got orange roughy that I could smell from across the table. I got the salad bar and pretty much just ate the baked potato. It's really hard to screw that up. They have old ass pizza at the salad bar, in case you were wondering. Now my roommate and I just talk shit about it every day. Good times. The moral of the story is if you want a good meal, don't go to Barleys. If you need something new to make fun of, however, Barleys is your place.
1	Okay...met some friends today at Barleys to watch football. The food and beverage service was horrible. Our beverage server was slow, forgetful and doesn't understand the cycle of service. The casino porter cleaned up a beer that the server knocked onto the floor from our table right away but he nor she would clear dirty dishes from our table. We thought of just dropping the dishes on the floor...LOL. I am not sure that the pay as you go system was effective especially with how she executed it. The casino is missing revenue and the server is missing tips by such ineptitude.  We will be going elsewhere for week 3 of the season.
4	The salad bar is legit! Fresh, crisp veggies, variety of cheeses, egg, grilled chicken, homemade dressings AND they have brick oven cheese pizza, soups and a baked potato section. All you can eat for $5 plus drink purchase. Why do I choose this place over the "Sweet Round Red Things" place? -No wait usually. Great service.-No screaming, coughing maniac kids rubbing boogers on the booths-It's dark, but light enough to read-If I am with someone who doesn't do salad bars they can order a burger and I can steal their fries:)It's nothing fancy, but it's just right for me when I am eating clean.
4	Good hamburger for lunch and helpful service.
4	BEST place for Sunday footbal!! That is where you will find us!! $1 beers and $5 food menu! Most of the staff has been good (Candy, not so great!). Beer is cold, food is decent..no major complaints.
5	I don't really drink beer but they have beer that I have to say I LOVE!!
3	Las Vegas Brewery Stop #5Barley's is located in Henderson, a good 15 minutes outside of Vegas. It was nice to see the area besides the strip...where actual people live and play. The bar is in the center of the casino. We sampled:Blue Diamond Beer - lagerBlack Mountain Beer - dark lagerBoulder Golden HefeweizenOktoberfestThe beer wasn't my style...all were very light bodied, due to the fact they were mostly lagers. Growlers were only $8.99 and $4.99 for refills! I wish I liked them more. This place did have charm though as a casino though. Well spread out and friendly staff.
4	The service at the bar was great. I didn't eat or gamble so I don't know about the food or the cocktail service but the bar was a nice place to relax. Not too smoky, crowded, or noisy. This could have been due to the fact that it was early afternoon on a weekday and my +1 and I were the only people seated at the bar. Regardless, the bartender was fun and energetic. She rattled off the specials and was very helpful and pleasant. The pitcher I ordered was only $7.50 and the wheat beer was very good. My only complaint is due to the lack of orange slices. But that is more of a personal preference. She did offer slices of lemon for my beer but i prefer oranges with my Hef. I'll stop in again when I'm in the area and have time for a beer.
1	Yeah. They got rid of the $4.99 AYCE Salad Bar. Oh yes, it's still there, but now it's $7.99. No more discounts. And if I'm going to pay full price for a salad bar, I need a little more variety. It was fine at $5, not so much at $8.Considering that it was the primary redeeming factor about the place, that's a massive FAIL.
1	My girlfriend and I spent the better part of a month TRYING to be regulars at this place, which is an absurd concept in and of itself.We like cheap bar food on occasions, and the beers are quite great. We even brought a good number of our friends to try the place on different occasions, believing we'd stumbled on a fine, laid back experience. However, I've never encountered a more aggressively rude and unwelcoming wait staff. Every exchange was excruciating. Every minor request was met with a look of consternation followed by snail-paced service.I think all of the bartenders are great, but I can't stomach more than a single star for an establishment that made me feel like I was continually imposing on them for daring to spend money on their service.
4	I love any place that caters to locals. That alone warrants an extra star. Sometimes, especially in a place like Las Vegas, we take places like Barley's and the Station Casinos for granted because there are so many of them catering to the people that visit their establishments every other weekend. Since I've come from many places that don't favor the locals like this, I enjoy Barley's and the atmosphere. Now, I can only comment on a couple parts of this casino. First, the bar. I love the bartenders that work until around 1:00-2:00PM; they are very nice, always have a smile, actually act like they enjoy their jobs and maybe even, GASP, LIKE their jobs! When we go in there they recognize us, and almost always we have a Blue Diamond beer and Jameson straight up waiting for us as we get out our players cards. I've ordered food at the bar and they always get it right, and it is some of the best service I've had at a bar. I like coming here, and if you sit at the right place at the bar you won't be blinded by the cluttered casino floor filled to the brim with slot machines.The other night we went to the Brewers Cafe. I didn't have high expectations of going to this restaurant because come on, a restaurant with a grilled salmon filet and side dish for $13? This can't be good. WRONG. I forgot that Vegas is nice on a budget if you don't become Drunky McGee and lose your life savings at the craps tables. First, the service. I am terrible at remembering names, but this woman was wonderful. Friendly to all of her tables (which is not easy to do at times), and she made me feel comfortable about eating my food (I am gluten free). She didn't push any item in particular to us to increase her sales, quickly mentioned the salad bar and didn't push dessert. Loved it. Nice and easy, in and out, good times.Now the food. My biggest pet peeve about restaurants is when you order a meat medium rare or, for those who like to eat shoe leather, well done, and when it comes it is the opposite of your order. Seriously, eating well done meat hurts me from top to bottom, and not in the happy way. Moving forward. My fiance ordered the NY Strip medium rare and when he cut it open IT STILL MOOED!!! It was PERFECTLY cooked and lightly seasoned with all that is really necessary for a good piece of meat, salt and pepper. No steak sauce necessary (don't even get me started about steak sauce). They have two kinds of fries, skinny fries and steak fries that have a house seasoning. What? Two kinds of fries at a small casino restaurant? That's right, I take joy in the smaller things in life. He got the skinny fries and was not disappointed.I ordered the above mentioned grilled salmon. I liked that they didn't dredge it in flour before grilling it, mostly because I am gluten free, but I also do not feel the salmon needs to be floured up to keep in the juices. Salmon is another dish that can easily be overcooked, dry and plain. At Brewer's Cafe? Perfect. They had enough lemon to squeeze onto the fish that could blind your eyes should you squeeze it in the wrong direction. LOVE. The salmon? Perfectly flaky, not overly seasoned or dripping in butter (I know, the rare moment when I don't want my food in a pool of butter), not lost in a flooding of sauce to mask the dryness, just perfect. Also, HUGE portion. HUGE. I could barely finish it, but most people know, if the food is good I will walk, shake and jiggle until I can fit it all in! The side vegetable, green beans, were standard, but also were not terrible. The baked potato? Massive and came with butter and sour cream. Sounds good to me! Let me put it this way, I had a dream about that salmon later that night. Maybe that was the vodka talking, but that salmon was great for only $13! It was no Joel Rubuchon, but hey, it's $13 and at a restaurant called Brewers Cafe in a CASINO called Barley's.All in all, I think it's great. I don't know much about the rest of the casino, but I do know if I want a more low key night out doing a little gambling and drinking after a hearty meal, I will go back to Brewers Cafe in a heartbeat.
4	Warning - great beer. They cater to locals but visitors are always welcome. Stumbled on this little joint (not literally) and what a gem. They do a $2 happy hour for a 22oz craft beer. Hefe is great, chocolate stout is good, blue diamond is good. Their beers seem consistant and they offer good specials. $8.99 growler, $4.99 refill, $2 happy hour, food decent price, etc. As a bonus if you hit both happy hours in the same day, the bartender remembers your name and drink.
5	I've dined here several times, and surprisingly, I've never had anything other than breakfast with them, but breakfast is the most important (and sometimes ONLY) meal of my day, so when I'm in the neighborhood (which isn't all that often, unfortunately), I definitely make it a point to go in, sit down, flirt with the waitress and enjoy some of the best food I've ever eaten.It's a quiet place to nosh, and not crowded at all.I think you'd enjoy it, and perhaps you'd become a "semi-regular," as I am.
3	Barleys is a ok small locals casino. It's also a brewery but the beer here is not that great in my opinion. They have nice specials during happy hour and during football games. The pizza is decent and salad bar is alright. I've had a few bad experiences when it comes to service here but I can't complain too much cause the place is cheap
4	Went here late last night (or really early this morning, I suppose). It wasn't happy hour since it was Friday, unfortunately. However, they did have a player's card special, which I think was $4.99 for burger and a 12 oz beer. They also had their 3 eggs, 3 bacon/sausage, hash browns, and toast thing for $2.99, but we weren't interested in any of that. I thought my burger was okay, fries were great, and beer was pretty good. It's not too bad a place for locals.
3	I definitely prefer the salad bar at Barley's to Sweet Tomatoes.  The ingredients are fresh and the lettuce is crisp.  Best of all, I don't have to pay extra for my protein.  Score.  The salad dressings are good.  I have a deep, abiding love affair with garbanzo beans and black olives, and this salad bar had both.  Another score.The service is a little.... eh.  I mean, the waiter brought me my drink and my check and that's about it.  He didn't bother to clear my plates or anything, but I guessed he just assumed he wasn't getting much of a tip anyway.  I guess that's how it works.I think the price is very fair - $7.99 for soup, salad, pizza, and baked potatoes isn't bad at all.  I definitely filled up and felt satisfied.  I can't see myself CRAVING this place, but if I want a fresh, relatively no-frills salad, I'll be back.
1	I'm always at Smith's Grocery store in the same plaza and am always curious about this place, so when my parents were in town visiting, I suggested we check it out because it just looks HUGE from the parking lot and plaza.  Umm not the case. It's a really small casino, and you're lucky to get a machine. We went on a Wednesday night and found it difficult to find one. Stayed maybe 15 minutes and decided to head to Sunset Station. Won't be back.
4	I recently came here for the Barley's Brewfest and it was well rounded. It might not have been the best selection of beers and breweries, but enough to get this lightweight glowing. I did not get to try most of the brews I had on my drink list, but I did get one. Banger Brewery did have their El Heffe beer. The setting was outside in the front of the casino. All the conditions were in favor of the attendees; perfect 80 degree weather, cool beers flowing, and delicious food is a recipe for a fun time. I did enjoy the BBQ available for purchase. The best items were the keilbasa and the brisket. I am hardly on this side of town, but for this BBQ I might have to change that. As I was walking around, I saw people with jugs of Barley's signature brews. It is nice to know that I can purchase my favorite beers and take them home to enjoy later.
4	Bottoms up! Another beer buffet! So many choices of beer you can drink. There was a mix between a DJ and Live performances and the food had great portions for a great price!$5 bucks for an entree and chips? I'm jelly! My favorite was the Jalapeno beer!  It sounds weird but is just pure awesomeness!Pros: Plenty of beer and cheap food!Cons: Dont drive if you're drinking!
3	Stopped in for lunch.  If you can handle the cigarette smoke, the food was decent.  Had salmon....a little dry without any kind of sauce, green beans cooked perfectly and fresh.  Their own amber beer, Red Rock, is pretty good...akin to Fat Tire without the caramel after taste.  Bar staff was nice and attentive.
4	I love that this little local casino doesnt have tacky casino carpet, it actually has hardwood floors. Also, the sports book is comfy, the casino machines are not so packed in that you have a hard time noving about. The cafe has good steak, could add more veggies on the plate but add the salad bar & you have more veggies. The salad bar has excellent pizza, I really dont care for thier salad dressing brand whatever it is but nice choices to add to a salad. The servers are very friendly as well as the host/cashiers. The only reason Barleys didnt get 5 stars is because 2 times I have ordered my steak med well however it arrived med rare. I dont drink beer but my husband does & tries a new one each time, his favorite seems to be the darker ale. I also like that the servers refill your drinks & water constantly.
4	Great pizza and Sweet Chili wings in The Brewer's Cafe. My wife and I ordered their pizza. I have tried MANY pizzas. My wife and I were pleasantly surprised! My only complaints about this place would be that the menu is just a tad too small. Another tip: Anything fried comes out PIPING HOT!!! ;-)
4	Great food, pretty good beer by Brewmaster Bubba. Always a good time for NFL games!
4	Barley's is a lot of fun, especially if you eat int he bar and lounge area. This is a great place to watch sports.  The beers they brew on site, especially the Black Mountain Unfiltered are really good. The food is all pretty good and I've always enjoyed the service no matter what time of day I go in.
4	Great food, pretty good beer by Brewmaster Bubba. Always a good time for NFL games! Love being able to drink Vegas craft beer while watching the Patriots!
3	It's quite unlike me to go into casinos, but I got a flat tire and was parked outside of here waiting for a friend. I was craving a burger and was hoping that since they are owned by the Wildfire people that maybe the burgers would be good here too. Of course I've only heard that Wildfire had good burgers so I may have been going on bad info for all I know. Anyhow, so I go in here and make my way to the back cafe.Good...Friendly service! I have to actually give the server props. I was in a FOUL mood and not being very friendly. Not outright mean or anything, but I was super stressed. She was so nice and even hurried my food since she could tell that I was waiting to get somewhere. I tipped 30% to try to thank her for that!Cheap...Seriously, a burger and fries for $6. That's pretty cheap especially since you aren't at a fast food place. Definitely worth going back to try other things and see if I just ordered the wrong thing.Smoke free....or at least I didn't smell any smoke and I am SENSITIVE. Usually you go in casinos and they reek of cigarettes, but this place didn't seem to have  a problem. I don't even remember seeing anyone smoke but I'm sure they do. Ick.Bad...Bad seating for singles...I really hate sitting at a table by myself. That's why I usually go to bars. There is a bar in the cafe but there are no chairs around it and it isn't stocked. The servers go to the casino bar to get drinks. I'm sure they just didn't have a call for it, but it still sucks. Here I was sitting in a big booth that could have fit four plus purses. Mediocre food...The burger was just ok. Pretty sure the meat was from frozen and the fries were DEFINITELY frozen. I guess I'm spoiled from being in Denver where the restaurants practically compete to have the "Most Awesome Anything." The corporate mindset of Las Vegas definitely leaves something to be desired.Lots of old people...this place seems like it must be the local eatery for all the old people in the area. Everyone seem pretty dated. It makes someone like me who is only in their 30's think that I don't really want to go back again. All in all this place was ok and I may try it again one day. I have hope that there might be some better things on their menu if they are taking time to brew beer. If I hadn't been in such a crap mood I probably would have had beer but I wanted bourbon. Of course in this area the best you ever get is Maker's. Oh to see a bottle of Blanton's on a shelf would be like heaven.
4	Great beer, friendly staff, the patrons are even friendly, nice.
1	Me and my wife stopped by the place because of a 20 dollar groupon that we bought because we were checking out that sweet theatre next door. So we went to there cafe. After being seated we were ignored for a good hour. Even trying to flag anyone down was impossible. The waiter just walked by us as if we weren't there. Finally a bus boy took our order. Salad bar was good. Then they messed up on my check and charged me full price on my card. Completely ignoring my groupon. I will never come here again. No wonder there so dead inside.
4	We came in for breakfast as the sun was coming up from a hard night of karaoke and booze at Hot Shots. The service was very nice and the food was fresh. I wish they had a late night special, but my friend paid for breakfast so I can't really complain. I got the corned beef hash plate. canned corned beef, but when drunk it is SUBLIME! crispy hash browns and so on. Solid diner food at the right time of day. AAAAAAND you can smoke in the dining room!
4	We really like this place.  The bartender introduced herself, and shook our hands!  We started talking about the beers they had.  So we decided to go with there special beer....I can't remember the name of it.  But they don't have it all the time. The brew master was present, he introduced himself to us as well, and the hubby and him started talking beer.  We tried a sample or 2 of the others, but didn't care for them.   As long as they still have the one we were drinking we will be back.The menu looked pretty good, our hearts were set on something else for dinner.  But this was a nice change of pace.Before we left, the bartender started telling us about there happy hour....SAY WHAT!  $2.00 beer....I'm not talking about Budweiser!  Premium beer 20 oz!  Yes, you will see a check in tomorrow!  lol
2	Ate here for the first time this evening.  I've heard a lot of good things about this place and figured it was about time I checked it out.First and foremost this is a locals casino. There is a lot that comes along with that.  Usually kind of run down atmosphere, usually the smell of smoke in the air, and a lot of noise.  This place was no different.As far as the food goes, it wasn't awful.  I would compare it to outback only cheaper, or TGIF/Applebees. It's not awful, it's not amazing.I will say that the staff was amazing.  A+ for the employees.
3	The beers here used to be just HORRIBLE, and I mean HORRIBLE. However there is a new brewer there now and things have improved. Still your standard run of the mill beers, but at least they are drinkable now!Thanks again Las vegas Beer Tours, without you I would never venture all the way out to this place for a beer!!
4	Great food, Great beer and the best service in Henderson!! Had terrible service 1 time. That was the only time I  saw that server, so management is obviously paying attention. ALL the rest of the servers are great!!! And HAPPY HOUR is truly HAPPY!!!!
2	We came here on a Wednesday night and ordered at the bar 1. NY steak and potato - 102. Mahi Mahi - 10 Used the $10 Groupon for $20 to cover the meals and left $3. - Brewer's closed at 8pm, so we went to the bar instead. - This place is also a Station Casino. A lot smaller scale.  - Service was very friendly. - Initially, I wanted the prime rib, but the waitress said they were all out that night. fail. - This place can't cook a steak. I asked for a Medium and they gave me a Rare. Manager came and said they would make another. This time I asked for Medium well hoping that it would be easier, but they gave be a tough well done! I didn't want the chef to go through the hassle and making another one. - Ahi Ahi was bland. Add your own salt and pepper. But expected since labeled healthy choice. - Potato was boring. I can make a better potato at the Feast buffet! - Although the service was very good, the food was very sub par. Cooking steak should be mastered 101 for a chef
4	This place definitely gets props for having it's own microbrew and a awesome happy hour!I had always driven by this place and never noticed it until the Galaxy Theater opened up. Its a pretty small casino, I didn't see any table games but there is 1 bar and restaurant area.  We stopped by before a midnight showing and turns out they have a great late night happy hour on the weekdays. $2 for their 22oz drafts was such a great deal. They make their own beer and its not bad, in fact its the same beer they have on tap at Galaxy - nice to see neighboring businesses being friends.The hefeweizen was great and they do have a season blueberry hefe worth checking out. I think they have about 9 different beers on tap all brewed in house which is something you don't see very often. The casino/restaurant is pretty average nothing unique or impressive. Barley's is owned by Stations Casinos so they are on the same rewards/player card system which may interest some. Check out happy hour, get $2 beers, be happy.
4	OK so going here was definitely no on the itinerary for the day. I was at the going to watch a movie next door and I had some time to kill so my friends and I decided to walk over and have a bite to eat before the movie. My initial impression of this place was not the best. It smells like smoke and it looks like a huge bar with one little restaurant. We were all in  the mood for pizza and we were stoked to find out that if you sit at the bar you can order a large pizza with 3 topping for only $9.99. The pizza was firewood oven pizza and let me tell you it was beyond any of my expectations. The pizza was delicious and I would definitely go back for it. This casino actually brews their own beer and sells it in glass jars if you want to take some home with you. I tried the blueberry beer and it was the best beer I have every had. I am not a beer drinker at all and for me to actually finish a beer means a whole lot. I ordered a total of three blueberry beers for my friends and I and it was less than 10 dollars. This place serves delicious beer and pizza at stellar prices! I actually wanted to order a second beer but our movie was about to start. I entered this place expecting the worse and left impressed and open to the idea of coming back. If you love pizza and beer this place is meant for you.
2	I tried the beer sampler last night.  The beer was flat and I think I could have made better beer in the closet.  I ordered a vodka and club soda after trying a few sips of their beer.  It was weak.The bar seats are uncomfortable; after 30 minutes I was ready to leave.Justine the bar waitress was tending the customers at the tables in the bar and the rest of the casino and was doing a fantastic job making sure everyone had drinks so points for service...just work on the beer.
4	If you like brisket!  Go on Saturday 5:30 to 8:30 p.m.  The brisket is awesome, they also had links cut up with onions and bell peppers.  corn on the cob, baked beans.  Now all that I mentioned above was pretty good.  I really didn't care for the ribs, the mac and cheese had no flavor, coleslaw....lets just call this cabbage!  For the most part I liked it.I must say, I was not impressed that they had us eating on Styrofoam plates!  YES!  I didn't like that at all.  They had plastic forks, knives and spoons!  Are you serious!  Yes I'm sooooooooooo Serious.  But I guess there trying to act like your eating at a backyard bbq. Ohhhh, and the salad bar isn't included!
3	Ok place to stop in Henderson.  It is super huge considering that its in a strip mall.  Lots of machines and a large board with all the odds for items you can place bets on.  It is a bit smokey, so be prepared if you are a non smoker.  We sat at the bar and tried their house beers.  They were all decent for being on the lighter side, but I guess that is good when its 115 outside.  The bar prices were excellent and the service good.
2	Don't eat here except for breakfast. The morning staff is awesome. Manager Tobyn is awesome. However went to eat dinner there last night and ordered the prime rib rare. It came well done and was told they could do nothing about it.  Ended up ordering a different steak but took 20 minutes (first one took 10). Steak was on. Called over manger,  Tracy I believe, and explained or situation. She couldn't even look us in the eye. She grabbed the receipt and comp-ed the meal but said no apology or nothing. I thanked her for the comp meal but zero response. During this whole time there was another table on their third re-cooked meal. The manager dumped their complaint on the wait staff instead of taking care of the problem. Avails this place for anything but breakfast. The evening manager should be ashamed to be so indifferent to customers. The wait staff is very good but have to cost the terrible evening cooks and manager. Remember,  breakfast only at this place.
2	It's small and smokey. I mean you walk into a cloud of cigarette smoke. I couldn't run out of the cloud fast enough.We moved to the other side of the casino and it wasn't as smokey. I don't think there is a non-smoking section. Drinks aren't bad at all. I paid $8 for a double rum and coke. It was nice and stiff.We hardly ever gamble but this time we won almost $100. Would return but only because I am in the area.
1	Stopped in here to try the brews and have some dinner. It took awhile for the waitress to come to take our order- not like there was a ton of people in the bar. I have to admit though,  the service was pretty good overall.The beer prices were really good ($5 for a pitcher). I ordered a pitcher of the hefeweizen which came with a cup of lemons. Good thing because my first sip was terrible. I had to put the lemon in to cut the taste. My husband ordered a pitcher of the amber. He left the pitcher half full on the table.The pretzel bites and pot stickers were pretty good. The ultimate grilled cheese would've been better with bacon or a more flavorful cheese. Just blah. My husbands burger looked as though the patty and cheese sat for a couple hours. The cheese literally looked like wax paper. All in all, not impressed. We won't be returning.
5	Imperial Nut Brown Ale out today! So delicious! Nutty and hoppy... Hats off to Bubba!
2	It should be a zero. Today, Sunday the 1st of Dec. 2013, was the first and probably my last time I'll spend time and $$ at this joint. I gave it a 2 stars. Only because the cashier and the writers at the sport's book were 4.5 stars as they should be.The problem lies within the beverage employees behind the bar, bartenders. I just drop 2 "C" notes on sport's bets and also had $150 in the video poker machine at the bar. Problem: I returned from the book. I said a little loud, "I need a bartender".  1. The two gave a stare/look to kill. Remember I'm the customer and I don't drink alcohol.  2. The lead said my name is J----n and reached out to shake my hand and mentioned the co-worker's name. 3. I asked for an ice tea. I got my tea. From that moment on, I had the plague. Totally ignored. Their eyes had FU  when they walk by me as they worked. They knew how much I was playing with. Besides, I was an invited guest by two regular customers. One, who just retired from Boyd gaming , who rant and raved about this place. My other friend from Ventura who was also disgusted by the double standard. 3hours at the bar and only 1 ice tea. Asked for a another drink and didn't get one. Not even asking me if everthing is okay.  Man, that was one hellava expensive ice tea($350). Is there a "PC" for the last legal drug dealers in America (bartender)?. I'm a plus 25yrs northwest resident of Vegas. Work in Silicon Valley and might go viral. I have many good friends who can.. Go there at your risk of shame. I used NO pronouns!  I will follow up with Station Casino inc. ---Bottom line and the malady--I left a $2.00 TIP---Love you guys(sic)
1	Stepping through the door is like going back in time and not in a good way! Waited nearly 10 min to be acknowledged by a server then when prompted she only knew one of the multiple specials on at the time. Also as a brewery I'd highly suggest training your staff on styles of beer. Dark is not an adequate description and all beers are not lagers. I'm sure the food menu hasn't changed since the doors first opened so we didn't have the guts to order what surely would be frozen food microwaved to half life.
3	I am updating my previous review to an A-OK based upon the following: Barleys Brewfest, staying in business while neighbors closed and their beer remains decent.  The signature brew is Red Rock Oktoberfest Lager.
2	We wanted to join a few friends to watch the early game. One of my friends suggested Barley's. We met around 11:30am and the place was already pretty busy. my friends found us seats and waited for the waitress. She came over after a bit of time, and when one of my friend asked about specials she never said anything about pitchers being $5. Incidentally, she also charged me $4 for a bloody Mary that I think should have been $3 but I didn't find out until later so we it go. Bloody Mary's were not that good either, but what does I expect from a casino bar? We knew it was busy so we tried to give her some slack. She finally brought the drinks and then we never saw her again. After over 25 minutes I finally decided to write our food order down and take it to her. I found her in the service well and asked her if it would help and handed her the order. She was rude and told me that it actually didn't help and then asked the other waitress to deal with me. Her whole side of the conversation was very rude. At this point I no longer wanted her as my server. The new waitress, Amber was very nice. She told me it actually did help and went through the order with me to ensure she had it correct. Even though Amber was busy she always had a smile on her face. We ended up ordering most of our drinks from the bar because they were so busy. In my opinion they either should have had another waitress or had one of the bartenders help them. The food was OK. One of my friends ordered the chicken sandwich she said it was OK. I ordered scrambled eggs and breakfast potatoes. The breakfast potatoes were kinda bland, but whatever we were starving and it was good enough. The male food server/busser was excellent and very helpful. This experience doesn't really leaving me dying to come back.
1	Service is so slow it's ridiculous....they need more servers on football weekends especially.  Most of the time the servers are servicing the casino portion also.The food is so, so.....won't be back for awhile if at all.
3	This is an update to my review. This one is updated to mention the breakfast which is the only meal you should eat here. Most of the servers and hosts are great people, but I've heard from others that there is one who may be poaching customers to pad her tips. As for the food,  the cooks keep their grill so hot, the eggs are always overcooked. But once you go through the ordeal of sending it back it usually comes back as ordered. But this should not happen most visits. Again, breakfast should be the only meal you eat here as the lunch and dinner menu items are pretty poor quality.  Even though the eggs are always over cooked, everything else is not bad for breakfast.  1.99/2.99 breakfast special is a great deal. Menu items are a bit on the expensive side for the quality. Stick with the special.
4	Wow-  I've heard a lot about this place since it is unique inside of the Station Casinos family being a brewery.  Our friend was able to give us a mini tour of the brewery which was very informative.  I don't drink, but I was fascinated with the process and machinery it requires to make a quality beer.I was really hungry so I ordered the BBQ burger with steak fries, it wasn't that impressive, but for under $10 it's not like I felt ripped off, I will probably order something else next time.What I was amazed about was the BBQ chicken pizza, it was one of the tastiest pizzas I've had in Vegas!  (And that means a lot, I'm a huge pizza critic).The joint is a bit smokey though (as you can expect from a casino/bar) but everything is well spaced out.  I can see this as a great neighborhood place to make a few sports bets and enjoy the game.  Or somewhere to get a quick bite to eat before going to the awesome Galaxy movie theater next door!
3	Waiting to see a movie at the nearby Galaxy Theater?  Don't mind having to pee during your movie?  Make use of your free time at Barley's and get yourself 32 oz. of beer for $5!  Your wallet will thank you for finding a deal, and your bladder will remind you of that deal, all 32 oz. of it, during your movie.Barley's brews their own beers, and they have the usual offerings: a hef, amber, stout, a lager, and seasonal offerings.  They are decent, not fantastic, but they get the job done.  Service is hit or miss it seems, so order at the bar to get prompt attention.
1	Just walked out of this place today.  It's not the place to go if you're hungry and want a beer. YEP..DON'T GO TO A BAR AND RESTURANT FOR THAT.  There was waitresses everywhere doing all sorts of things but only 1 looked like they were working.  It took half an hour to get a beer.  We waited another half hour for wings but figured they weren't coming out anytime soon so hunted down our bill and left. Lucky for us there's lots of other choices in the neighborhood were our business is appreciated.
2	This review is for the cafe only.  If I could do half stars, I'd rate this a 2.5, but since I can't, I'm rounding down.Stopped in for a quick bite to eat before a movie on Saturday morning.Service was quick and polite, but not super personable.  They have a good selection on their menu, including Steel cut Irish Oatmeal.  I had the short stack of pancakes, and only got through half.  They are HUGE!  only two pancakes, but in reality, for me, it was the equivalent of 4-6 smaller pancakes... way more food than I anticipate, or wanted.My bf had the 2 egg breakfast, with bacon, hashbrowns, and an english muffin.They brought it out with grape jelly, which the fella hates...so they brought out a cup of strawberry jelly.I've never seen jelly served this way...usually its in packets...I have to wonder about the safety of using big jars and serving jelly in cups...what if its not stored properly?  The eggs were ok, but one was a little over done.  All in all, the meal was ok.  I'd probably go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
3	I give a 3 star not for the beers...the beers are 5 stars, love the red rock it's bomb.  The service is pretty brutal at times so don't be in a hurry at this place. Food is decent, happy hour beers are unbeatable, they have the best deals I have seen. They also have outdoor seating which seems sweet....but it's never open! I don't get that.  Add some extra staff and the beers will sell themselves at this place.
3	Not bad. For $10 I got a healthy plate of Mahi Mahi with a tomato chutney garnish, green beans and potatoes. Nothin' fancy to make a big fuss about; just a decent meal. The beans were seasoned well and the fish was cooked perfectly. I dipped the potatoes in ketchup. They have $2 drafts at random times, which is a good deal for Vegas.
4	What's the best beer? Cold beer.Now and then after a 1 star day at work I visit Barley's to enjoy a cold microbrew draft beer and Caveman Keno. The atmosphere and beer elevates a 1 star day to at least 3 stars.  Barley's is an institution at Sunset and Mountain Vista that dates back to the late 90s. Barley's website alleges that it is the Valley's oldest and Henderson's only microbrewery. Barley's attraction is its microbrewery. It is a microbrewery that produces Black Mountain Beer, Boulder Gold Hefeweizen, Blue Diamond Beer, and Red Rock Original. For the record my favorite is the Blue Diamond Beer. The bartenders or mixotoligists serving the beer have been friendly, going so far as to introduce themselves. The upshot of this popular institution, is that the bar is often filled-to-capacity.   In similar fashion to several small businesses, Barley's sold out to a bigger company. Today Station Casinos owns Barley's. The Station preferred card is as good as gold in Barley's. Not only does Barley's gaming machines accept the Station preffered card, they also grant players a "get out of paying for a drink pass" when you put money in the machine. In my case, it works out. I put $5 in the Caveman Keno machine and when all is said and done, I break even because the $5 really paid for the open beer that is elevating a 1 star day to a 3 or above star day.   Gaming is fun in Barley's. This is not one of those bars that only offers video poker. This is a bar that features the gaming machines with a spectacular selection of Keno games. And these machines are not stiff. The last time I played at Barley's, Lady Luck struck and I won $100s. That is about the equivalent of 50 Happy Hour Barley drafts. So, sometimes Barley's has the power to elevate a 1 star day to a 5 star day.  Currently,  Barley's Happy Hour is Monday through Friday at the hours of 4 to 7. $2 drafts are the stars of Happy Hour. The Station Preferred card is the star of Barley's. If your gambling, the drinks are on the house.  Barley's is more than a casino, bar, and microbrewery. It is also a restaurant. In recent times I dined there once. To put it nicely their beer is better tasting and a better value than their BLT. A glance away from the restaurant is the brick oven pizza. Although I never tried it, the scent from the brick oven adds a nice scent over the bar.  When you visit Barley's you will come out a winner. That's unless you drink and drive. If the Red Rocks and Blue Diamonds are so good that you've had way too many, there are a few nearby sobering up opportunities. Nextstore is the Galaxy Theaters. Nearby are some decent restaurants including Olive Garden. There is a Smith's. And the CAT bus travels along Sunset Road to Town Square and the Galleria.
3	BBQ buffet for only $12.99. Not bad. Meat was a little chewy and dry but the beer was cold.  Got the IPL, not that impressed. A little too hoppy for me. Everyone pretty much enjoyed their dinner.  The service was great.  Recommend the Mac and cheese.  The kids loved their boneless wings. Overall I may come back.
4	Saturday night BBQ was a real treat. This was our 1st time to visit this place and we will definitly return.
4	Best part... A new growler filled at $8.99.  next...Accept that this is casino food first of all, but the micro IPL is great BTW.  It wasn't the best meal but when I stated there was a problem, they were quick to fix it and more than sympathetic to my issue.  I would definitely try it again.   As long as you have a little time on your hands it seems like nicanugh a place.
1	Worst. Barbecue. Ever.  We have been told by employees how great this Saturday night "all you can eat" barbecue is for at least a year or so.  So we decided to finally try it and made a huge mistake.  We got there early, and waited while they brought the food to the steamtables - it must have been cold, since they were just carrying the metal pans and setting them in to warm up.  Then, when we finally got to eat - well, everything (except the chicken, which was swimming in sauce) was dry.  Dry ribs, dry brisket.  The brisket was also fatty and tasteless.  No real flavor to any of the meat.  Pulled pork was flavorless.  I guess they cook the meat, and then since they have a pan of barbecue sauce at the end, you're supposed to add all the sauce yourself.  How is that barbecue? It was way overpriced for the quality of the meal.  The only good thing was the coleslaw and cobbler, and that's not worth $13 a person.
5	The place is clean the beer is very cold and the staff friendly!   A great place to grab a beer before you go to the movies next door!
4	Friendly staff and good beer at good prices to be had here. Just left another bar that rhymes with "bum bummer" because of  their "failure of service" Actually that name would be appropriate for that other bar. Lol also this place doesnt smell like a ashtray like other bars ive been to.
1	The food is good but the service is absolutely HORRIBLE! Took 10 mins to order drinks and an hour to get our food. The waiters are slow and business is under staffed.
3	Our lungs were engulfed with cigarette smoke as we pulled opened the double doors. We then carefully maneuvered through slot machines and senior citizens and quickly found our way to the raised bar area. I got the special: a $5, 32oz of the seasonal brew on draft!! Huge!!! My friend just got a lite bottled beer. Our waitress was friendly and seemed busy, but service was good. I don't think I'd make an effort to come out here for this place alone, but if I'm killing time waiting for a movie next door at Galaxy, I wouldn't mind stopping in again for a few beers.
3	Went to check out their all you can eat salad bar for lunch. 7$ is a pretty good price. The staff was friendly and helpful. The restaurant was clean, not too many people eating there.The salad buffet is small, it includes soup and pizza. Everything was pretty average, nothing special to make me want to go back. Much rather go to Sweet Tomatoes and pay a few dollars more for more variety.
2	My two stars are based solely on the service, we as in a group of people usually come here for football because the game is on a huge screen TV and their specials are really cheap and good. They have great pizza but if you want something from your waitress make sure you tell her the first time you see her because it will probably be the last time you see her. If you want a little more attention you could sit at the bar and have the bartenders there ignore you after they ask if you want a refill and walk away... The last two times we have come here have been the same crappy bitchy services... If you want decent service ask for gina as a bartender she's the only one who seems to know what she's doing.
4	Best chicken noodle soap ever!! Thick noodles with a tasty broth! The salad bar is yummy too! Lots of options plus all you can eat pepperoni & cheese pizza. They have there own wood fire oven. The service is great too.  The only down side is walking the smokey casino to get to the cafe.
2	Hate to give this place 2 stars. In actuality, the service here definitely deserves 5. But unfortunately, the food here was not up to par with the great service that I had received.This cafe is inside of the Barleys casino, a legendary ol school mini casino which brews its own beers. It's a very simple place and its serves a fairly basic menu. The waitress that took my order was great, she was helpful and friendly.The first thing I ordered were the shrimp cocktail. The shrimp were either undercooked or just the frozen ready-to-eat ones, but they were sorta slimy and not sweet at all. The cocktail sauce was gross, it tasted basically like bottled ketchup.The next thing that came up were the chili fries. It was canned chili beans on not-so-crispy shoestring fries. I had about 3 bites, and I was done. One of the hardest things I've ever had to eat.The Reuben was next. Ok, so it wasn't that bad. I thought that the rye bread could have been crispier, but the flavor was pretty good. The corned beef tasted like it was premade, and so did the dressing. I was thankful that they had at least rinsed the sauerkraut, because it wasn't too sour. The coleslaw didn't taste like anything at all, probably came from a jar.The food tasted like it was all made a while ago, and probably came from a can. I prefer things that are made fresh. But the food is nostalgic in a way. And it reminds us how far we have gotten since then. Too bad that the food couldn't hold a candle to the amazing front of the house staff that works there. But as I always say "Que sera, sera".
