4	First impression: So this is where my tax dollars went (besides the unnecessary repaving of numerous roads).  Um this place is nicer than my corporate office.  (Briefly entertained the thought of taking some pictures & anonymously sending them to my CEO) With all of the bells and whistles it's got a modern design and the latest technology.  It's got at least 2 dozen +/-24" HP TouchSmart Screens and all of the top accompaniments.  There's even spa-like music playing in the background.  What is this place really?  Way up in N. Scottsdale I was up here in the area and thought I'd quickly stop by to check out the place.  Read about the recent opening and must applaud the efforts on making it a green friendly facility. Considering the budget woes and pathetic quality of public education thought it was ironic that Scottsdale opened another library. Scottsdale is applying to have the Appaloosa Library certified at the gold level in the U.S. Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design program.The 21,000-square-foot space is very contemporary; features natural lighting and a 600-square-foot array of photovoltaic panels that provide 2.5 percent of the building's peak energy demand. A monitor allows visitors to see how much energy from the sun is being generated for the libraryAlso, the library has a floating floor in the main room that makes it easier to reroute cabling to readapt the space and move bookshelves around.  Even the shelves feature energy-efficient LED lighting.With the exception of the children's area a lot of the shelves look kinda empty (guessing not from checked out books). Not a far-out assumption considering the demographics and its average literacy-level.  Off to see if I can book a foot massage with the help desk...
5	I love Appaloosa library.The location is great for me--close to home and close to other shopping, restaurants, retail.  The building is gorgeous, inside and outside.  Their childrens area is huge and clean and equipped with loads of educational toys/tables.  They have great kids programs, activities and reading times.  My son just participated in their summer reading program.  Their staff and their volunteers are incredibly helpful.  There is nothing that I don't love about this library.I love books and libraries and am trying to also nurture that with my son.  Appaloosa makes it so easy because he loves going there and so do I.
5	I love this library nestled up in North Scottsdale. The architecture is beautiful and the exterior surroundings are nice as well. There is plenty of seating inside and seating outside as well. The exterior seating is under a covered area to shield you from the sun.  I really like the tables inside the facility that are right next to the tall glass windows because you get that natural lighting and get a chance to peak outside as a break from whatever you at the library for.This library, as probably most if not all, features free wireless internet. There are also many HP Touchscreen computer terminals available. The monitors are really large. I'm not sure how big exactly, but it's probably more than 20 inches. There is also a circular, central seating area as you walk through the main entrance. The seats are in a circular pattern with little tables on the side that you can swing around that are big enough to sit a laptop on.There are also other features to this library, but what I mentioned earlier are what I'm more familiar with. I visit this library every now and then on the weekends. It's never incredibly busy, but I'm not sure what it's like during the rest of the week. The hours are kind of limited on the weekend because their closed on Sundays.
5	i finally took my little  4 yr old girl to this gem of a public library.She was so excited she screamed. Fortunately there was a courtyardand she enjoyed the kid's area as well as the art installation in theentrance and the main building. There was staff to assist in her to play legos. Happy day!Daddy likes it because it has Prada writ all over it.
4	I really enjoy the Scottsdale Library system!  This location is easy to get to and the staff have been very helpful in finding and holding books for me at other locations.  I'm in here several times each week and they are the best!
4	Gorgeous library - it's worth a trip here to check out the building, especially at sunset. The building (and many of the books in it) look brand new. They have a special area in the front that displays many new books. Internet access is available there too.It's easy to request books online and pick them up on the holds shelf. Many new releases have just a short wait.My only complaint is the short time checkout period for high-demand items (no renewals allowed). I consider myself someone that can read books very fast, but I often have to return books before I am able to finish them. Sometimes when I know there is a very long novel - I will request the sound recording and the novel. That way I am usually able to read part of the book and listen to part of it on cd, and the two lending periods allow me to finish the book.
4	Well I never thought I would ever need a library but i really needed somewhere to just sit down and study and well I was impressed. The Scottsdale library is really nice clean new building. The overall book selection was not great, though i wasnt looking for books I saw that there was a limited selection. The technology was great with all the computers and great selection that they have. The childrenes area looked awesome! I wish i has something like that as a kid. It was really clean and well kept with a large amount of kids books. Upon arrival I was greeted by one of the staff and he was great. He asked if i needed anything and gave me a tour of the place and showed me how everything worked. He even got me to a private study room so I could spread out all my work and have quiet time to just study. Though there is a limited number of private rooms they were great. With custom temperature control and the walls were good but not great at blocking out sound. Plus there was free WIFI that made life easier when pulling materials from my computer. Overall the library was great, i will be going back when i need a great place to sit down and study though i wish there was a little more space.
5	I love this library! It's very clean and has a crisp, new feeling every time I visit. There is a great children's area with stimulating play tables. There are a few "quiet rooms" for people to retreat in if need be. Also, there's is a snack area that's conviently stocked with vending machines and magazines. There is also an outdoor patio that's gated in for some fresh air.
5	Absolutely beautiful! California could learn a lesson on how a public library should look and feel from Scottsdale/Arizona. It's clean and bright; it was built to very green standards; there's a great kids area; the technology is up-to-date, especially making it easy to check in and check out your books or movies or whatever (the touch screens are cool). While our aunt was checking out the movie we were going to watch that night (Eastern Promises, very good), we were talking to the young library assistant there, who filled us in on everything about this great library.It's amazing, really. I wish I'd taken pictures of the inside of this wonderful place!If we decide to retire to this area (which is looking more and more likely!), I can see myself actually going to the library more and more. Definitely puts CA to shame.
5	It's architecturally gorgeous! On any great day, a book and the view could suffice for hours of enjoyment! And the nearby bridge recently built looks absolutely fabulous! You must at least drive by! It is truly beautiful!
4	Was very excited when they first built this library close to where I live, so convenient for me! I have never had a particularly bad library experience anywhere, so I'm easy to please, but Appaloosa Library is very nice. The building has a very cool look to it, the interior is open and spacious. As other reviews have stated, it is also clean and well-kept. One thing I like is that it is never overwhelmingly busy here. Always nice and quiet with plenty of open computers. Also the books/CDs/etc. I have checked out in the past have all been in good condition. Only had issues with a few of the CDs not playing for me. The staff is incredibly nice and helpful, always friendly without being overbearing or irritating. I also like that if Appaloosa does not have what I want, then I can request the item to be sent to Appaloosa from a different Scottsdale Public Library. I do wish it were larger to fit more of a selection, but this place is great for a small library. The events they have are great as well, I attended a session here on healthy eating that was informative. I also got to see children reading to the Golden Retriever dog that they bring in from time to time, adorable!
