4	This place is pretty big on the internet, so being in the Phoenix area I figured it was a must stop.  It was a little difficult to find as I initially passed it, and had to make my way back to it through the parking lot of the mall.I guess when you see these places on the internet with tons, upon tons of accessories and parts you naturally assume that their brick and mortar would essentially be the same and would resemble a Walmart of nothing but GLOCK stuff.  Unfortunately, that is not the case.  There's a small show room maybe 20x20 with half dozen or so rifles, and a good number of GLOCKs (Gen3s, 4s, and even the FDEs).  I was the only one in there, but after all it was a Friday afternoon.  The two employees were very friendly and more than willing to help.  They didn't have very many accessories that I could see, but that had some pretty good apparel, and I picked up a T-Shirt that was pretty classic.All in all it's not something I would drive across the state for, but if you're in the area, or maybe even 20 minutes away and are looking to fondle some toys or pick up a replacement part, give this place a stop.
5	Go and see for your self. Everthing you need and want for your Glock and your self.
5	Its simple, the demand for Glocks right now make them harder to find.  I have been looking for a Gen 4 Model 27 and most on Backpage were overpriced.  I picked one up here in stock (had both gen 3 and 4) and the prices were awesome.  I paid $550 for the gen 4 and the gen 3 was only $499 brand new.  They have tons of options that they can upgrade while onsite.  I upgraded the trigger for another $30 (cheap!)  I bought a few boxes of ammo, some extra magazine pinky extensions, an extra magazine and almost a hat too.  They have tons of stuff Glock, pretty cool little place with good service.  Not much else to say except go here first if you are looking for a Glock.
5	This is a small Glock specialty store, but they also sell a small selection of other firearms. Great service and prices are reasonable. I went to purchase night sights for my Glock 21. Installed free while I waited, took about 10 minutes. Will definitely come here first for any future Glock related purchases.
5	Excellent customer service and the guys there are nice to talk to and take time with you. The manager did get the apparel sizes I needed. They also installed new sights on my friends Glock at the same time. Same service at the Mesa store. One gentleman even showed me how to replace the slide plate with the special ones they sell. Not a big deal to do for him (and now not me--I've done 3).  I'll definitely visit next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	Easy to find, good parking. Friendly knowledgable staff. They have all the Glocks on display and for sale. There is a comprehensive selection of factory and aftermarket parts and a wide selection of ammunition. In addition, a decent selection of Glock branded shirts, caps and visors are on the rack. I had slide stops/releases changed out on a G36 and a G42 while I waited. If this weren't enough, there is a wide selection of other handguns as well as some very slick long guns on display and for sale.It's a small store but they are making a big contribution locally and, I suspect, nationally. The place is neat and clean as can be, they know what they have on hand and can advise on different options on many parts. No hard sell BS either.If you are in or near Phoenix, and want any Glock stuff, this is a good place to get it...maybe the best.
5	Just a fantastic experience! After spending almost 2 months driving past this place probably 100 times, I decided to finally go there to buy a new Glock! I had contact with Jeremy on Facebook so I asked for him when I went there. I pretty much already knew what I wanted, but still had to decide between a few final options. He took his time with me, made sure I got everything I wanted. Had me try a few different Sight Options to see which worked best for me. No hard sell there, just straight forward explanation and question answering. So happy to have this place a mile from my house! They have a customer for life for sure! I will always give them a shot when buying a new gun, and will only go elsewhere if they don't have or can't get what I want.Really just made me feel like I was doing business with a friend! Great work guys!
5	I purchased my very first gun at Glockmeister today. I actually started out at Cabellas looking for a Glock 19 9mm gen 4, un-ported. The guy at Cabellas told me I would never be able to get my hands on one because they are too popular. A nice older man walked up to me and whispered "go to Glockmeister" so I went and had a great experience buying my first Glock! He showed me how to take it apart, clean it, oil it, and everything else. I will definitely be going back asap!
5	Best gun store in the valley. Everyone in the store is very helpful and easy to talk to. If you or anyone you know is thrown off by the sometimes daunting experience of shopping for a firearm, then start here and you won't need another shop. I myself am partial to Glock, but they do have other selections to explore. So check them out before you give your money to someone who won't value you as a customer.
5	I love this place, why?  Because they are very helpful and friendly.  They allow you to ask as many questions as you want and no question is too basic or stupid.I am an owner of 3 Glocks and have purchased holsters and grips from this place.  Before I buy accessories, I like to try them out with my gun to see if I like it.  They allowed me to try the holster with my gun before I bought it.  They also put the grips on my guns so I could "feel" it before I bought it....just awesome.I just wish they were closer to where I live.Return Factor - 100%
5	Excellent service and very helpful. Went in looking for a Glock 19 and was treated with extreme courtesy and with great advise as what holster would best go with it. Also if you purchase any sights from them the installation is free. Great guys.
