5	Best Naples Style Pizza in Town!  I came in on their soft start day and their margarita pizza is damn near perfect. That with a Sasperilla and I was in heaven!  A must stop!
5	After hearing about Chef Marc's latest restaurant in Henderson, we took a little drive over there.  We called the original Novecento to confirm that they were indeed open. (Apparently, there was a soft opening going on the Thursday and Friday before where free pizzas were given out!)On the Saturday we went, they had a BOGO Margherita pizza special going on.  The Margherita pizza was $8.99 each and toppings were $1 extra each.  They come out to about 10". We added toppings to one and kept the second one standard.  Since the staff are still training, we did notice that both pizzas came out quite different. Chef Marc came over to chat with us and he noticed our pizzas too. This is when things got exciting...He invited us to the back to learn how to make a proper Napoletana (Neapolitan) pizza! No way! So the Husband washed up and headed into the kitchen and that's when we got a real education about this style of pizza.  I am far from an expert on pizza, but after the schooling we got, we were looking at pizza in a whole new way!He explained how their dough is made and how long it sits, and demonstrated on how it's supposed to get pulled and stretched to just the right consistency. Then it's off to their fresh tomato sauce and the various toppings.  And a swirl of olive oil at the end is mandatory. And finally it goes into their 1000 degree oven and voila! the perfect Napoletana pizza!But wait, there's more! You don't cut this kind of pizza! You pull the crusty edges and dip it into the tasty center where all the flavors have pooled together.  And when all the crust is gone, you get a knife and fork and eat it with utensils!! (I knew I wasn't the weird one for wanting to eat my pizza with a fork and knife all the time. And plus, there's never any wasted crust now!)This pizza was pretty damn good and it made a huge difference having Chef Marc's passion and expertise in it. The whole experience was five stars!When you go, be sure to tell them not to cut your pizza and bring on the knife and fork. You're going to eat this Napoletana pizza the way it was meant to be eaten!
5	This place just opened in Henderson which is their second location,  I have never been to the first, but this place takes me back.  I LOVE pizza and have had pizza from several places, but NONE like this since my time in the military in Italy.  There is no other place in town that cooks your pizza in an oven at 900 degrees.  What does that mean?  It means pizza in about 90 seconds, and the taste, is like eating pizza in Naples, Italy.Now if you have never had pizza in Italy, it is soggy in the middle and so yummy to use the crust to soak it up.  This is how pizza is eaten in Italy and if you don't like it, then don't leave the country, because you will find the same overseas.To me, this place ROCKS!!!!  You walk in and go down the line as they prepare the pizza in front of you, meaning they toss the crust, put on your choice of sauce, toppings and you pay while it goes to the oven.  If you ordered a drink, by the time you get your drink, sit down and get comfortable your pizza is on the table.There is NO PLACE in this town that can compete with a 90 second pizza cooked  FRESH with FRESH ingredients.....I LOVE this place nad you have to TRY this place....
5	NOVECENTO ~ 900 DEGREESYes, Chef Marc of Parma by Chef Marc (http://www.yelp.com/biz/parma-by-chef-marc-las-vegas) brings to the southeast side of the Valley his 900 degrees pizza love all the way from Naples. His crew makes your pizza with the ingredients that will make any serious pizza lover smile from ear to ear.  Pizza is made the old fashion way with their hands.  You choose one of four sauces from pesto to tomato chili hot and then pick the toppings that makes you most happy. They slip your custom pizza into the NOVECENTO oven from Naples for ninety seconds and voila it's ready for "Mangia Sierosa" serious eats.Tonight, we were fortunate Chef Marc was on site. I couldn't help but sponge up his passion and genuineness for quality. He tells me the other Novecento Pizzeria location is off to a fantastic start. Tonight is still part of a soft opening as Chef Marc is methodically adding more menu items and personal touches to this second location.For our NOVECENTO baptism we ordered their house spicy pizza and a chopped salad. By the time I had decided on the soft drink, my pizza was waiting for me at my table. The pizza was chewy, pliable, rich in flavor and very Neapolitan. Chopped Salad was surreal and could have stolen the headliner.Right next door is a brand new Smash Burger. Parking can be tricky during lunch but for dinner it's a breeze. Novecento oven is RED just like my heart for their pizza.
5	Amazing pizza!!! Reminded me of my summer in Italy! Gluten free pizza crust was delicious!!! The best gluten free pizza I have ever had! The regular crust pizza was fabulous per my boyfriend. By far the best pizza around, wonderful and fresh ingredients!
5	How have to try it.it takes pizza to a whole new level. You doing yourself a disservice if you don't try this .chef mark is the bomb he walked us threw the whole process.
4	I want to warn you first that I normally DON'T LIKE PIZZA.I'll eat pizza, but it's nothing I would normally go out and get.With that said, after reading so many great reviews in the various newspapers about their Northwest location, I decided to try the new Southeast/Henderson area location that just opened.I was pleasantly surprised.  This isn't your normal pizzeria.  It's sort of laid out like a Subway sandwich shop, where the ingrediants are displayed directly in front of you and you choose what you want on it.  All of the ingredients are fresh.  The pizza dough hand crafted right in front of you as well.  After topping off, it's cooked for 90 seconds in a 900 degree oven, then topped off again with stuff (like Arugula) that shouldn't be heated.I had the Bianco.  Very good.  I'm kind of in the mood for another one right now... even though it's PIZZA!
5	I had been waiting for this place to open and today I was the first customer.  First off the place is clean and staff very friendly and helpful.  They have a variety of fresh toppings and the fresh doh is great and soft.  This is truly Italy pizza.  They also have other food which I'm sure is great! Gelato too!  I was even quite impressed that the red pepper shakers have the flakes finally chopped up so they actually go through the shaker which shows that they pay attention to everything and the qualty was excellent.  I will be a regular here for sure and I grew up on New York and NJ pizza.
5	Seriously the best pizza I've ever had! Been in there twice already, friendly staff, good quality ingredients you can taste. This pizza's delivered from Italy to Vegas in minutes! No need for ranch because the flavor speaks for itself! I Will definately be returning back in the near future. Thank you!
5	Let me explain, how I stumbled upon this level of pizza deliciousness! I was driving on two wheels, of course, to In-N-Out. Well after leaving In-N-Out, I was driving down the street and all I saw was WOOD FIRED! That was enough to get me to stop...while still holding my burger in one hand, I ran in and got a menu. All I wanted was a menu because I already knew "I'll Be Back!"24 hours later and a fully digested burger, I returned to Novecento Pizzeria 900. First, I must explain, this is not your normal take-out pizza that's thrown together, mass produced, and down right an insult to true pizzerias around the world! Novecento Pizzeria 900, is the real deal! Grant it, I have not had pizza in Italy, but Chef Marc, who owns Novecento has, and that makes all the difference in his pizza making skills.First and foremost, let's start out with the most important part of Novecento, CUSTOMER SERVICE! Do you hear me out there, business owners, CUSTOMER SERVICE! When you walk into Novecento, you're immediately greeted by the pizza geniuses behind the glass counter, which features a wide open kitchen to view them in action. Everyone is happy, did you hear me, they are happy, you know why? Because there pizza is perfect! How can one not be happy, using fresh mozzarella, tomatoes from Italy, and the best Pizza crust I have ever tasted!Then there is Chef Marc, yes, he is a real chef, who decided he wanted to take his love of cooking and eating great food around Las Vegas, and turn that into a great pizza, mission accomplished! Chef Marc stated that he did not want to just give consumers a fast food pizza experience, made in a steel oven, and mass produced. Chef Marc wanted to focus on quality, i.e. wood fired oven, tomatoes from Italy, people, fresh mozzarella cheese and did I mention the made to order Chopped Salads! Oh, don't forget the gelato, I had the spumoni, and it was pure deliciousness!People, please believe me, this pizza is da' bomb, lol! I went to Novecento Pizzeria 900 with the intention to eat Pizza Margherita with Pepperoni, and yes, I did eat that, but I also ate Pizza Margherita with Sausage too! And they both were divine! When you are in town, or when Novecento Pizzeria 900 opens in your city, yes, you heard it from me first, I see mass locations around the U.S., you must stop in, and eat a pizza or two!Novecento Pizzeria 9005705 Centennial Center Blvd Ste170Las Vegas, NV 89149(702) 685-4900
5	The ingredients are what makes good food good, and when you on,y use the freshest , it is what makes good food the best. At novacento that is what you get. The beet salad and arugula salad was amazingly fresh, and for the $5.00 small salad, you got more than enough. Now for the pizza. Done in 90 seconds, it is not what you would normally get at a pizzeria. The middle of the pizza was very wet, while the crust was perfectly charred. The philosophy is that you dip the crust into the middle of the pizza to soak up all the good tastes, then eat the middle. It was so yummy, I can't wait to come back. Leaving for Italy tomorrow, so I can compare pizzas.Abraham was extremely nice, as was everyone else. As Arnold said, " I'll be back"
1	I would have liked to give this place a review but their own staff doesn't know their operating hours and worse yet, the time posted at the door says, "...until we run out of dough."  Okay, that's cute but certainly unreliable!  I dropped by at 2 p.m. to ask what time they closed and the response I got from the guy kneading the dough was 11 p.m. The jerk!!  I persuaded seven of my coworkers to come here right after work tonight. So we got there at 10:10 p.m., craving to try this pizza and they were closed!!! That sucked! In all fairness, how can I rate beyond One Star if they can't even provide their customers reliable information about the business' operating hours!
5	Excellent delicious pizza.  Just like Italy.  If you like Settebello, you will LOVE Novecento!  The crust is awesome(I order it crunchy).  My wife had a white pizza with pesto and she won't stop talking about it.  I had marguerita with mushrooms and onions.  The roast their onions which are sweet and immensely flavorlicious.  Mushrooms are scrumptious too.  The sauce is perfect.  We had arugula salad which comes with artichoke hearts and olives and is waaaay fresh.  gelato is very good as well.You cannot miss with this place.  Has a casual bistro feel.
4	A small group of us (six) popped in just before 7 PM Saturday night to give 90 second pizza a try.  They were very accommodating, putting tables together for us.  Since it was our first time, my husband and I decided to each order something different to maximize our tasting experience, and we also ordered a small beet salad.  Wine is available, as is Italian beer on tap.  A nice selection of gelato awaits you at the end of the counter as well.My husband opted to make his own pizza, selecting various fresh ingredients from the  wide selection available - he chose spicy sausage, roasted peppers, roasted garlic, and...other stuff I can't remember.  Loved the spicy sausage!I ordered the Roma - fresh tomatoes under a blanket of fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced pancetta, fresh basil, romano cheese and one brown egg.  Slightly rich and definitely savory.The pizza crust is a beautiful combination of espresso, coffee, and beige coloring with a slightly chewy texture.  The edges of the crust are the most well done, and the middle is the softest.  Don't forget to soak up the juicy goodness in the middle - especially if you order a Roma or any pizza with an egg!  By the way, the pizza is about 9 inches and big enough to eat by yourself if you're really hungry and great for sharing, especially with a salad.The beet salad was really nice, especially because we wanted something cold and fresh.  Speaking of which, the Peroni on tap was a nice surprise and it's served nice and cold.  If the beer glasses were chilled, it would've been perfect.I ordered a glass of the house wine (made from nero d' avola).  I loved that it was served in a casual drinking glass, but disappointed that it was a bit warm (warmer than room temp) and it was a bit smaller pour than I expected (standard pour is usually 5 oz).Overall, everyone really enjoyed the casual atmosphere, good pizza, and good company and we'll be back to try some other specialty pizzas.
4	From Chef Marc Sgrizzi of Parma comes an outstanding pizzeria.  Wow!Note:  This is the sister restaurant to the original opened in Centennial under the name Novecento Pizzeria.  Same menu, same phenomenal quality.Chef Marc's passion for sharing his craft shows.  Truly Italian.  It results in great food and a light atmosphere.The pizzas are crafted in the Napolitano way as set forth by the Italian government.  Personal pizzas, 11 inches in diameter, thicker crust than Roman pizzas baked in a wood burning (they use almond hardwood) at 900 degrees  for literally 90 seconds.  The extremely glutinous 00 flour from Campania  creates a very chewy, well blistered crust.  Sauces are well made, with the classic crushed San Marzano tomato puree being very good; not to thick with sweet, acidic tomato goodness.  A spicy version has good heat and chili flavor.Toppings are designed for the quick cooking.  Quality throughout with excellent house made sausage and its hints of fennel, moist and toothsome meatballs, sweet seasoned eggplant, tender artichokes and fresh mozzarella.  Of cause, being America and being trained by a place whose slogan was "have it your way", there are a large number of other toppings that can be added.  Want peaches, figs, pineapple, even smoked salmon and pesto, go for it.Simple starters including a delicious chopped salad loaded with salami, oven roasted peppers, and gorgonzola and dressed in a zesty red wine vinaigrette, oven roasted escarole and beans dressed in olive oil and house sausage.  Very friendly counter staff.  No waiter service.  Despite its greatness, authenticity, and low price, it is still eclipsed by Settebello Pizzeria Napolitano with slightly better seasoning, crust flavor, quality toppings, ambiance, and wine program. Regardless, Wow!
5	I love the variety of toppings.I also love the service here!  They have great pizzas and desserts.  They serve you in 90 seconds.
4	Finally made it to one of the novecento pizzerias.  I was kinda surprised by the lay out - very similar to Custom Pizza on Flamingo.  Basically, it's a high end "Subway" style pizza place.  You start by selecting a base pizza, they had a $13.99 lunch special - pizza ( one topping), a salad and a soft drink.  Extra toppings are a $1 each.  I went with Sausage and Meatball ( pic attached ) - they have numerous topping options - all looked great.I was slightly disappointed that the meatball was grounded up instead of 1/2ed or polpette style.  Still, the flavor was above average.  Another slight ding - I expected the crust to have a little more crunch which makes me question the actual temperature of the oven - even at two minutes at 900 degrees, wouldn't the crust have some crisp ?  There's definitely blistering.  But again, the pizza is very flavorful.  I think next visit i'll ask that they keep the pizza in a little longer.I opted for the Caesar salad which was also very good.I will definitely return.
5	There are some mighty fishy reviews on this newly opened business' page, but I still enjoyed myself enough to rate 5 stars. Neapolitan pizza in an individual size? Sign me the f-word up. You can build your own or choose from the pre-made Bianco. I decided to go with a pre-made option but add the most delicious broccolini on top. Jaime ordered the Margherita, which was stellar. The tomato sauce was seriously delicious, as was my pesto sauce on my Bianco. The crust was good, though I still love my precious Settebello's crust more.I love how casual this place is--perfect for lunch or for families. Parking is a little bit tough with all the other great places around, but this is definitely worth adding into your pizza pizza rotation.
3	Better than average, and light-years better than the fake-pizza at Grimaldi's...but as far as neapolitan-style pizza is concerned, Settebello is significantly better.The pizzas here are kinda small for what you pay, and the crust, although soft and with nice texture, is too thick.A little char on the bottom would be nice too.If all you 5-star fans like this pizza so much, I suggest going down a little way to Green Valley and trying Settebello. That's the standard in Las Vegas for neapolitan-style pizza.
5	What's up with all the adoration for this pizza place? I'll tell you what! It's that extra special touch from Chef Marc and Novecento crew!  Heck, I'm the person who doesn't order pizza often and if I'm in a pizza joint, it's usually just an order of salad and maybe a slice of pizza.  Not here.  Already into three visits because I'm a fan of their pizza dough! It beats Settebellos! Ha! There I said it!  Beats them both in taste and texture. I still have yet to customize my own pizza because their specialty ones they have are so good. Especially the Bianco with pesto sauce for the base topped with truffle and Arugula. The Roma is hella good too! Pancetta and a FRIED EGG!! WOWZERS! Their sausage is probably one of the best we've had (we as Mr. B and the B fam approved) It's made in-house. All ingredients are top quality! Fresh organic,local, non processed.  And you know what? The prices they charge here are a steal! Compared to the other Verra Napolentana Pizza (VPN) place it's  1/2 the cost here for a delicious basic personal pizza! My choice for salad is the Burrata with the sweetest tomatoes and the burrata cheese with fresh mozz and cream.  I haven't given the other salads a try yet because I'm so hooked on this one.Gelato case has a nice selection flavors. You get 3 scoops and you can get up to 2 flavors.  Gelato is rich, cream flavors.  My daughter knew right away from the creaminess of it and the rich flavor it's one of the higher end Italian brands, and server confirmed it. It's one of the best Gelatos..on the strip they charge $12 for a serving..here a little over $3! Ambience, super chill, casual cool, more down to earth than the place in Green Valley. Put it this way, we were shopping at the District, we could have gone and had pizza right there, but instead Mr. B said he rather just drive down a couple blocks and have pizza here. Yep add us to Chef Marc's and Novecento 900 Pizzeria's bandwagon!
1	Pizza sauce had no seasoning in it, very sweet. Cooked pizza was very chewy, not good. I will not be back.
5	Loved this place. We got take out and when we got home and ate dinner the pizza was still piping hot!  Their pizza is so authentic and delicious  I love it. Plan on making this my go to pizza stop!
4	We had lunch at Novecento on a weekday.  There were a couple of tables, but we didn't have to wait at all when ordering.  The pizza maker explained the process to us and couldn't have been nicer.  Both my wife and I opted for the lunch special, a pizza with 1 topping, salad and drink for $13.95.  This is a FANTASTIC price, as you get so much food for the money.  Neither one of us finished our lunches, and I'm not known for failing to finish meals.  So, even though a $15 lunch probably isn't in the cards every day, it certainly was a great value.To eat, I had the homemade sausage with roasted garlic and the Caesar salad.  I got the spicy sauce (they have a choice of 4) and I definitely noticed a difference in heat level when I tasted my wife's pizza.  The regular sauce tasted like crushed tomatoes to me, almost no additional flavor.  This isn't a bad thing, but I liked the spice in my sauce.  When they say the oven cooks the pizza in 90 seconds, they aren't kidding.  We were only a couple of bites into our salads when they brought the pizzas out.  Of the salads, the chopped was the winner.  Loaded with ingredients, you could taste blue cheese in nearly every bite.  I will order this next time.  The Caesar was what you expect, it was a fine Caesar salad.The pizza was, of course, the star.  The homemade sausage is flavorful but lacks heat.  So, I was again glad I opted for the spicy sauce.  The crust is blistered, a little burnt in spots but chewy as well.  It's my favorite style of pizza crust, and was excellent.  Also, if you are a garlic person, you must add the roasted garlic.  It adds a little bit of sweet, and as you roast it, the garlic flavor is tamed a bit.  Next time, I may get double garlic, it was that good.Don't think because it's pizza you can't have a quick lunch or dinner.  You can.  Also, the quality of this place makes it worthy of a weekend dinner as well.  Highly recommended.
5	This place is fabulous! The food is great and the staff is awesome. I prefer their pizza over the brick oven place on Green Valley Pkwy. IMO this isn't as wet, so you can actually pick up a slice and eat it. Should you be inclined or you can eat  it the way the Napoletan's do and use a knife and fork. Either way get it your belly its delicious. My favorite combo so far is regular sauce, ricotta cheese, light mozzarella, Calabrian Salame, spinach, mushrooms and roasted garlic. Mmmmmmm I'm salivating. I must add their house red was good and I love their gelato. Perfect consistency and spot on flavors.
3	The ingredients are what makes good food good, and when you on,y use the freshest , it is what makes good food the best. At novacento that is what you get. The beet salad and arugula salad was amazingly fresh, and for the $5.00 small salad, you got more than enough. Now for the pizza. Done in 90 seconds, it is not what you would normally get at a pizzeria. The middle of the pizza was very wet, while the crust was perfectly charred. The philosophy is that you dip the crust into the middle of the pizza to soak up all the good tastes, then eat the middle. It was so yummy, I can't wait to come back. Leaving for Italy tomorrow, so I can compare pizzas.Abraham was extremely nice, as was everyone else. As Arnold said, " I'll be back"Back for a third time, food still great, but when a restaurant is run by kids, the service fails. We had to repeat what we wanted so many times, to so many people, and still our order was not correct I also have a problem with holes in ears so you can see thru it, and several piercings in the face, not pleasant to look at. Will continue to eat here, but the owner needs to be more hands on, or give better training to employees. They need to have their listening ears on ( maybe holes in ears affects hearing ?)
5	Pizza was the greatest. I will not get pizza anywhere else. Thank you for the great experience.
4	very convenient and the place is perfect for a quick bite.  nice little place with relaxing atmosphere.  The place is well set up and organizec and the staff is quite friendly and helpful.  I was really impressed when the cashier came over and gave us more change as she accidently charged us for an extra pizza and she noticed the error herself.  So we went at an off hour and the place was empty.  We got the lunch special for three of us which included a nice salad, a drink and a personal pizza.  But oh my we shared the salad and the pizza was enough for three of us with some leftover! Great deal! the pizza was nice thin crust with small slices and well balanced with cheese and sauce. We got extra cheese as you get one topping with the lunch special but i like how they tell you the crust is not made for more than 3 toppings.  The salad was nice as not soaked as well.  The food was definitely a hit.  The only reason 4 stars is a am  a NYer and I still haven't found as good of a pizza out here......do we blame the water?
3	If you were to marry Settebello and Custom Built pizza, Novecento would be born. I stopped in for dinner. It was pretty quiet and no wait, I ordered a margherita pizza with fresh tomato ($10). The staff seemed to be pushing the salads, I had four ask if I wanted salad - No thank (x4). A wide spread of toppings is on display, much like Custom Built, but here it'll cost you a pretty penny if you add more than a couple. The crust is pretty thin and wet so you'd probably only want a few at most. But possibilities are endless. By the time I filled my drink and grabbed a seat my pizza was ready. It had a nice char, I wish it was a bit more crisp, but it had good flavor, and fresh ingredients. However, it is Settebello that brings me right back to Italy. My pizzas there have been more evenly cooked and a bit better flavor and texture. Had I never been there or Italy, I'd think more highly of Novecento. Within a half mile on Eastern you can have solid NY style at Grimaldi's, great Chicago  style at Windy City Beefs N Pizza and Novecento provides a taste of Italy with its Napoletana style pizza. It's win-win, for whatever your mood.
1	Quick review: First experience with Novecento and was really disappointed. Quite possibly the worst pizza I have had in my entire life (and I have eaten pizza from gas stations, truck stops and bodegas among other places). Both pizzas were tossed in the garbage. In depth review: visited on 10/5 at 8pm and ordered two "specialty pizzas" - the Roma and the Calabrese along with an Arugula Salad (to go). First impression was positive. Charming little pizza parlor / restaurant with a cool wood burning oven in the corner. The gentlemen working the counter were very polite in taking our order and chatting us up. Smelled really good and all signs were pointing towards a great experience. So one of our pizzas was pulled out of the oven and placed to the side and the cook working the oven informed us they had to re-do it cause it was "too thin" in the middle and would not be edible. Same cook also asked us what we ordered when the new pizza came to him to fire, he seemed confused and he was questioning the prep cook about the way he made the pie. He still went ahead and fired it. Guess that should have tipped us off. So we cash out ($29.19) and make our way home, short two mile drive up the hill. The lady has the Roma and I am eating the Calabrese. Both bite in and both make faces of disgust. First off: both pizzas have non existent crust in the middle, simply just cheese and grease soup. The outer crust on both is burnt black but somehow undercooked and still tastes like raw dough? Odd. The Roma: tasted like someone poured a pound of raw salt on it. This was not lightly salted from the meat or cheese. As bad as sticking out your tongue and someone pouring raw salt on it. Was the saltiest food item I have ever eaten at a restaurant (honestly). Salt was overpowering and I wonder did they pour an entire bottle of Garlic Salt on it? The Calabrese: too damn spicy and hot. I understand that they advertise spice but this dish was an unbearable 5 Alarm. Please note that I put Franks Red Hot on everything and spice typically does not bother me. This was painful to eat and the spice (heat) overpowered any flavor or taste in the pizza. You using Ghost Peppers on the pie? Had to stop after 4 bites and toss it. Have a burning sensation in stomach and eating Rolaids now (not kidding).  Win one star for the Arugula Salad. It was OK and tasted just fine. Kudos with that.The cooks need better training and someone needs to start managing these guys and watching what they are sending out to the customers. Sorry I had to write this but I have never had to throw out pizza due to it being inedible. Feel like I wasted my money and my Saturday night. We made grilled cheese to compensate and fill our bellies.
4	I tried this place in hopes it would be as good as my all time favorite neapolitan pizza place in Minneapolis. Unfortunately it missed the mark a bit, but it was still very good and will keep me happy until I can go back to Minneapolis. I had the standard margherita pizza just for comparison sake. Everything tasted fresh, the only thing it was missing was a sprinkle of sea salt on the crust. I also had the chopped salad which was pretty satisfying. Before returning I will probably try Settebello to see which place I like better.
5	Being a true lover of Settebello, I have to admit myself, I was truly impressed!! My boyfriend had mentioned seeing a new pizza place and wanted to try it. I was skeptical that it would beat Settebello, but first bite of our piping hot pizza... I had a change of heart. We ordered spicy marinara, lots of fresh garlic, whole roasted garlic, basil, spicy salami and banana peppers. Chef Marc explained to us the style of pizza it was and how it's made to eat a certain way. I asked him to make it extra crispy and he said he would try his best. We sat down, got all our necessary seasonings and chef Marc brought our pizza to us. Oh man! Crust was super crispy and the flavor of just the crust was amazing! I could eat the crust alone! All of our toppings were complimenting each other so well. I love how they offer spicy marinara! Because it adds even more flavor to the pizza. Every bite, my eyes were huge and I was satisfied. I kept raving about how good it was after each bite!Only thing I could "complain" about is the atmosphere. If it were a more cozy restaurant, where it didn't feel like I was just grabbing something quick. I really like Settebello's environment. It makes lunch on a sunny day so much better! But that's the only "bad" thing I could say.I DEFINITELY recommend this place for any pizza lover. Don't be skeptical, I know there's hardcore Settebello lovers out there, but I encourage you to try this. It's amazing! I'll be coming here every time I crave pizza :)
4	First time we went there, it had just opened, and my husband was not in the mood for pizza, but as we were walking by, Chef Marc walked out and lured us in with offers of great pizza and the kicker, cappuccino. So glad we tried it. My husband loved every bit of it. The chopped salad is fantastic. My cappuccino was complimentary (what a nice guy) and overall, our experience was great! Took my kids back and now they are fans too.
3	I'd give it 3 1/2 stars of I could instead of 3.  I've been twice and had the White Pizza the first time and the Pepperoni today.  Almost every other pizza place in the area besides Grimaldi's or Windy City would get 1 star from me.After reading other reviews I think people misunderstand this style of pizza.  The crust can be fragile if too many toppings are on it, but this is the style; a soft and chewy crust.  True Italian Pizza is about the crust, not the toppings.  This is more of an Italian style pizza place and the toppings are meant more as a compliment to the crust than to be the dominant flavors, so when they're too busy it defeats the purpose. I didn't have any of the issues that others mentioned but I think that's because I got simple pizzas.  My tip to all is if you get a pizza that has heavier toppings is to ask for it a little well-done. The white pizza was delicious!  The Pepperoni Pizza was good, a little bland but still good.  I definitely like Grimaldi's better, but this is a solid pizza place.  I'll definitely be back because I love the convenience of this place since the pizza is done in just two minutes. The service was solid and I think some of the issues others had was due to the fact they had just opened.  Not all restaurants start out with a bang and take a little while to get the kinks out.  If you've been and were unimpressed I think it deserves one more chance.
5	I've been here 3 times in a week and 2 times in 2 nights. I love the concept and the food is great!  Real casual and recommend  eating at the restaurant so you can get the pizza hot out of the oven, the salads are great as well!
5	Took my very korean mother and she loved it. Her words where "too good!" That doesn't happen very often.
5	Amazing! Cool concept. You choose your ingredients and then to the oven! Fast and good. Been here two times and will keep coming back.
5	Amazing!!! If you don't try this pizza you are missing Out! Great people, good music.. hospitality from the workers is Amazing. Great job.
5	Awesome. My daughter and I went there Friday night. Our first time. Had a great time as the pizza qas delicious and the service was exceptional (something we haven't experienced much since moving to Vegas). Highly recommended.
2	We tried to call yesterday to see if they were still open!  The idiot that answers the phone I would say shouldn't!  He seemed to not understand anything we were saying.  Needless to say, they were closed!  And that's all the dude had to say in the first place!But anyway, I really wanted to try this place!  So we go in and order the Stromboli!  you have all several choices of sauces, regular, spicy, white or something else!   It comes with 2 choices of fillings!  Then after that, they charge $1.00 per topping (WHAT) So I just got the 2 toppings, just because I wasn't sure what it was going to taste like!  So as we waited, they had several bottles of wine.  So I was looking at the bottles, and there was a lady sitting there, she asked if we wanted to try one.   Well of course I said.  So she gave us a taste of one, it was really good!  It taste a lot like one we send for, it was a red Zen.  So we started talking to us, her name was Lynn!  She made our experience much better for us.  She made up for the jerk that answered the phone.   So anyway, we get home to eat or Stromboli.  It was ok, we got the spice sauce.  The sauce just taste like they opened a can of tomato sauce to me.  Over all, I didn't care for it!  My husband liked it.   So I'm sure he will be back for the Stromboli, and I will be back for the wine!
5	This place gets better every time I go. They are very generous with toppings and add ricotta cheese---sooooo good! My coworker loves this place now too.
1	We ordered the "Chef Mark" signature pizza - 10" $12+ tax & tip.It was indeed ready in 2 minutes.Toppings were sparse and it tasted good for the first bite... then it got flaccid and greasy.Digiorno frozen is better by far.
2	visited the centennial location. came in with great expectations and left sadly disappointed. wanted to try the eggplant parmesan and they were all out of eggplant. wanted to try the meatballs and they were all out of meatballs. did I mention it was 11:30 in the morning!!! how are you out of stuff this early in the day. Once we received the pizza once I picked up the slice it was so hot and cheesy all the toppings slid off :/
5	Items Experienced:  70% Cocoa Chocolate, Hot ChocolateRoasted Beets with butter lettuce, Gorgonzola, Red wine vinegar dressingChopped - Romaine, Genoa salami, Gorgonzola cheese, red wine vinaigrette, roasted red peppers, red onionsCaesarGarlic BreadThe Chef Marc - House Sausage, Cherry Tomatoes, BasilBianco - Pesto, Gorgonzola, Roasted  Onions, Fresh Mozzarella, Truffle ArugulaRoma - Margherita with Pancetta, brown egg, cracked pepper, grated Romano cheeseNaples - Marinara, Bufala Mozzerella  basil, EVO, grated cheeseCalzone - Prosciutto and ArtichokesStrawberry Mascarpone Dessert PizzaPeach Mascarpone Dessert PizzaSweet Potato with Marshmallow, Pumpkin Spice, Olive Oil Rosemary, Rum Raisin, Red Velvet, Pistachio GelatoHaving already gone off-strip as a tourist to experience Chef Marc's rustic Italian masterpieces at Parma it was with good fortune that my first weekend as a 'local' not only included Marc but also two dozen additional culinary enthusiasts at the newly minted Novecento Pizzeria in Henderson for an afternoon of fun, food, and even an opportunity to work the dough and 900 degree woodfired oven with my own two hands.  As much an event as a meal it was mere moments after our party was seated that the education began and kicking off the afternoon with rich steamed-to-order hot chocolate each item to follow would prove superior in both ingredients and in skill, the salads complex and balanced while every item from the oven featured a smoky note of char overlying supple, leavened crust with great chew and a sloppy center.  Admittedly a special event from the opening bites to the off-menu dessert pies and Art of Flavors superlative gelato I can only speak to my experience with Chef Marc manning the ovens, but dollar for dollar I've yet to find a better pizza in Las Vegas and while that search will undoubtedly go on and potentially uncover one better I'd be truly shocked if it comes from a more humble and dedicated man.
3	Novecento means 900 (the temp of the oven) yeah I can google translate just like the next guy, doesn't impress me. I've been here three times now in a short time and it has been terribly inconsistent. My first time here I was so disappointed I was hesitant to give them a second try, but with all the glowing reviews, I figured they had an off day. I had a fairly simple order, just veggies. The pizza was terrible, from the crust to the toppings. And if I hear one more person tell me "maybe you had too many toppings". Why would these toppings be offered if it wasn't supposed to go on my pizza? Fast forward to last night. I ordered the Margherita. This has to be the safest pizza to order. I understand with Neapolitan style, there won't be a lot of cheese, and it's more crushed tomatoes than an actual "pizza sauce". I am happy to say, I liked my pizza. So I return tonight (I went for gelato, but the guy making the pizza recognized me from the night before and I felt like a jerk for not ordering pizza) so I order another Margherita. Tonight my pizza came out so charred, all I tasted was carcinogens. The entire crust all the way around was blistered black and the pieces of basil were fried to a crisp. I find their pizza to not be "wet" or "soggy" like traditional style. Their oven must be drier. This place is too inconsistent. I think I will stick to the only VPN certified place in town, Settebello. I see myself returning only for gelato.
5	IT IS OFFICIAL, THIS WILL BE MY 100TH REVIEW WRITTEN IN 2013! I think it deserves to be a review of a place I once highly doubted, and now they have 100% won me over! Well done Novecento and Chef Marc! Ok, I know everyone loves Parma, well to me, its just ok. The pizza is indeed fabulous, but I never got the hype like EVERY OTHER ELITE YELPER! However, I was willing to give Novecento a try as Chef Marc as a person always impressed me. My first experience was at the West side location and I did a 3 star review. I only went once, and knew when they came to my area that I would give them another shot. I did, and I am so glad. As soon as you walk in, it smells like what I imagine Italy smells like. But I am only guessing. We had multiple different pizzas, from plain sausage to white with ricotta and olives. Cooked to the perfect crisp! The employees were so helpful to the kids (11 and 16) who were with me and had never been. They made sure to come out and ask how they liked their pies. I ran into a fellow Yelper there too, that's how you know its good! I cant wait to try a salad next time!Luckily, Shirley B. commented on my check in letting me know they serve Art of Flavors gelato. WHAT?!!?!? We sampled almost all of them and of course indulged! Honestly, after this trip, I want to give Parma another chance and I never thought I would say that. Thanks for bringing your amazing pizza to my area! Both kids said its their new favorite pizza and gelato spot, so I have a feeling you will be seeing more of us. And thank you for helping me complete my 2013 YELP goal!
4	I've heard so much good things about this place from the past 2 months. So I gave it a try. I was very impressed! Staffs here were very friendly and efficient. Restaurant was pretty full when I walked in. And I got all my food within 5 mins! I ordered large arugula salad with artichoke hearts and chef Marc specialty pizza. My salad came in very decent size. Dressing was light and refreshing. All ingredients of topping on my pizza were very fresh. I enjoyed a lot. It was almost as good as Settebello, my fav pizza place in town. (it was missing a charcoal flavor) I ended my meal with affogato. (espresso with a scoop of gelato) It was very good! Because I m not a regular coffee drinker. I ended up being up till 3am that night. Also, all gelato here is from art of flavor, best gelato place in town. That gives me more reasons to come back. This place won 4.5 stars on my yelp book.
4	I used to go across the street to Grimaldi's, completely oblivious to Novecento's existence, but now that my eyes have been opened thanks to the check-in prowess of my Yelpers, this has become my top choice of pizza spots.Let's begin with the easy, no-nonsense approach to ordering, much like you would a typical phone-in pizzeria you can select whatever toppings you desire on a base pizza you like...we like the Margherita Pizza...marinara, fresh mozarella, fresh basil, grated cheese, and EVO...AND we add fresh garlic and fresh ricotta cheese. Yes, everything is FRESH! The assembly line style ordering starts with hand stretched dough, then goes to toppings which are thoughtfully dotted on your pizza. Be sure to ask them to brush the fresh garlic oil on first, it makes it. Then the crust gets seasoned before it goes into the bright red HOT oven that bakes your pizza in 90 seconds!  At that speed why would anyone pay MORE and wait longer for average delivery pizza?We also love getting either a burrata or caprese salad with our pizza. I can't seem to find burrata in most Italian restaurants, now I can get it at my local pizza joint! Oh happy day! The pizza has a nice chewy thin crust with bubbled charred areas, sauce is light and a little bit wet (but I don't mind) the cheese is perfectly melted and doesn't have that pool of grease from processed cheeses. We usually share a regular pizza between the 2 of us but you can eat an entire pizza and not feel that bad because it is so light. I wouldn't wait too long to eat your pizza because it does get soggy from the sauce.The burrata is very creamy and rich, and it does fill you up a little. The other times, we opt for the caprese salad which is much lighter. 5 simple ingredients mozzarella, tomato, basil, balsamic and EVO...delicious.Now I'm accustomed to paying a bit of a premium for a pizza and salad at Grimaldi's, but at Novecento's our bill for a salad and pizza is usually around $20...what a deal and we don't have to worry about taking home leftover pizza and the whole car reaking of garlic.
3	So, having driven past this place many times, we finally decided to stop in and try it out. Upon walking in, you immediately smell that wildfires oven. The young man making pizza recognized that we were first timers and immediately explained the ordering process. You can order a specialty or build your own pie. We ordered two different pizzas and two different salads. Everyone was very friendly. Now to the food, it was delicious!! Totally fresh ingredients, prepared quickly! This is one of the best places for pizza in Las Vegas!! Now to the three stars, I would have given it 5 stars but I had to ask to have a table cleaned and its a bit pricey. I'm not opposed to paying for a quality meal, and it is great quality, but you seat yourself, get your own drinks, etc. I will definitely be back!!
4	I've finally reached review number 1000 and what better way to celebrate that than a review for pizza. I have wanted to try this place since they opened this location in Henderson and was so excited to get the opportunity to check it out as a going away lunch with my team. We arrived around noon and they had saved a table for our group, which was nice. We stood in the line and I knew what I wanted before I even ordered based on pictures and reviews I has read from fellow Yelpers. I like the concept. Very similar to other pizza places around that allow you to pick what you want on your pizza a la Subway but with higher quality ingredients. I tried the Roma with egg. Cooked for 90 seconds our food was all ready by the time we filled our drinks and took our seats. Stellar. The pizza was solid. Not the best I've had but definitely tasty. I am looking forward to trying many of their other topping combinations. A few of my coworkers has ordered strombolis and calzones, which looked tasty as well. While here, we couldn't resist having some Art of Flavors gelato as well. I love when local businesses work together to cross promote their products and what better combination than pizza and gelato. While not the best pizza I have had in town, it is solid for the price point and look forward to giving them another try soon, if not only to get a scoop of gelato as well.
5	Tried this little place for the first time. We love brick oven pizza so we figured we'd give it a try. We walked in and the guy making the pizzas explained the menu right away. I took a look at the menu and ordered a Stromboli with sausage and pepperoni and I made my own pizza combination with pesto sauce regular pizza sauce and fresh mozzarella. I was surprised how fast our order arrived. The cheese was melty and delicious. The sausage in the Stromboli was spicy and the pizza was hot and perfect. We devoured everything and were out the door within 20 min. My 2 year old doesn't last much longer than that at restaurants so we were very pleased. Definitely give this place a shot. I was impressed with everything, the staff the food, the service. 5 stars easy.
4	Came in on a Saturday night for take-out!  Very laid-back.  As you walk in, you order your pizza, and they prepare it right there in front of you--super fresh!  They're about 12" pies. You can choose among the prepared specialty pizzas ($12 or so) or build your own pizza (cheese pizzas start at $8.99 with every additional toppings at $1 each).  You can choose from four different sauces: marinara, spicy marinara, white sauce, or pesto.  They've also got a great selection of cheeses, meats, and fresh veggies to choose from.Now these Naples style pizzas are not your average take-out pizzas--they've got that authentic taste that many places just can't replicate.  It's different.  I ordered two pizzas--the Naples pizza (marinara, bufala mozzarella, basil, grated cheese, and EVOO) with the house sausage; and built our own pizza with spicy marinara, mozzarella, basil, pepperoni, and sun-dried tomatoes.  The two pizzas totaled to about $25.  It literally takes like 5 minutes for the pizzas to cook in their wood-fired oven--SO FAST!  It probably took us longer trying to decide what we were going to get. The pizzas were delicious.  Thin crust.  May have needed more cheese and or basil--my faves! ;) But overall: delicious!  Great with a glass of red!  Best eaten while still warm... they lose their crispiness once cold.
5	This pizzeria is really wonderful - a diamond in the rough, if you will. It has very high-quality food and service, without the stuck-up attitude. You order at the counter, and you can see all the available toppings to choose from right in front of you. They have pre-set combinations available, or you can build your own. The sausage and mushrooms were wonderful. The pizzas are ready in two minutes flat and you can seat yourself and eat it right away or take it to go. They also have great salads and some really interesting flavors of gelato, including chocolate chile, pear gorgonzola, and more. I tried their spumoni and loved it. The prices are reasonable, too. I highly recommend it!
4	The food here is fantastic....I love brick oven pizza and the crusty char on everything.  This is the way pizza should be:  baked in a HOT oven, thin and crispy and delicious.  I had a white pizza with prosciutto and roasted onions.  It was one of the best pizzas I have ever had (sorry Setebello and Grimaldi's).  My friend ordered a margherita pizza and that was also excellent.  I also ordered a calzone with meatball and sausage.  It was a nice size and was so crispy and delicious that I already want to go back for another....and I was just there 3 days ago!  There were some  issues (for this, they lost a star): the place is brand new so they are still feeling their way (they didnt write down my order and mass confusion ensued) and why in the world would they give me a marinara dipping sauce for the calzone that was right out of the fridge?  I had to nuke it when I got home...that was ridiculous.  Also, the guy who brought the food over to me when it was ready just dropped it and walked away...not a word spoken.  Keep in mind I tipped quite nicely.  The pizza guy at the front was great but the rest of the staff were lacking.  The gal who rang up the order yelled across to the pizza guy WHAT DID THEY ORDER?  I was standing RIGHT there!  It's as if she (and some other staff) were being inconvenienced...very unprofessional.  Let's hope they iron out those kinks because issues lke this can kill a restaurant.  That said, this is one of the few places where food transcends lackluster service...that's how good it is.
5	Great food, and better alternative to greasy pizza. Atmosphere was great and very helpful staff. Definitely recommended!
5	Found this hidden gem. Usually we never know what to expect in the richmar complex. It seems like businesses fail here. We were pleasantly surprised to find this amazing build your own napolitana style pizzerias. Family run. Super fast. Affordable. Delicious. We will definitely be back!!! Amazing !
4	After taking multiple trips to Italy the last few years, I have been desperately searching for an authentic, high-quality pizza in the states. One of my friends suggested I head across town to try Novencento and I wasn't disappointed. The major draw here is the quality of the ingredients. Super high quality dough, olive oil, salami and cheese makes the pizza superior to other pizzas. This is true European / Italian style pizza. Pizza Hut it ain't. It was my first visit and I found the concept and layout very confusing. There are no big signs to direct you where to go -- just a sort of rude sounding sign that screams WAIT HERE. Well, I waited while 3 guys just stood around behind the pizza toppings counter. After a few minutes they finally called me over. I told them it was my first time in and they offered no instruction or help at all. I'm a smart diner but this place is super confusing! I decided on a margherita pizza. It looks like you can add toppings to customize, but they suggest you add no more than 3. I get it, the pizza won't cook all the way through if it's loaded down, but there has to be a better way to suggest this to people. I felt like they were telling me in a food snob way and sort of "looking down their noses" at me. It was awkward and uncomfortable.The pizza itself was tasty but not as great as I had hoped. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. While the crust was appropriately blackened from the oven, the center of my dough was too raw. This is not my fault, it's an issue with the cooks because I ordered the margherita pizza right off the menu and added NOTHING to my pizza. I was afraid to say anything because I was sure they'd cop an attitude and act like I didn't know what I was talking about.So why 4 stars? I love the concept and idea of this place, they just need a few minor tweaks to get it right. Some sort of large signage and a menu board would help, and by all means have something to help out newcomers. Second, the quality of the food was so high that I will definitely be back to give Novocento another chance. The chopped salad was very good and was a standout. To keep with the Italian theme, they have a small gelato counter and they serve Illy coffee (my favorite), so I'll be sure to get an espresso next time I'm in.
3	The pizza is delicious and takes ONLY 90 seconds to cook. One of the major problems I have is that it's a "subway" type process for personalizing your pizza, so it can take an extremely long time before it's your turn to start customizing your pie. There are so many options, most people get confused and freeze up like a hot breadstick was just shoved up their ass. The ordering flow is just horrible and it only allows for one employee to make the pizzas while the rest of the employees stand around looking stoned. I also don't suggest calling in for pick up. If so, expect the pizza to be incorrect. If you can manage to arrive when there is absolutely no line, you will definitely enjoy the pizza.
5	I like pizza, wait, I love pizza. After leaving the San Francisco Bay Area 10-years ago I feel like I have been on the quest for the Holy Grail complete with the Knights who say Ni. Anyway, been there tried that blah blah. This is a great pizza. Personal pizza but serves two unless your greedy like me then get your own. 90-seconds, no way you say. Ah ye of little faith, it's true. Before you sit down your pizza is ready. Perfect for the lunch crowd. Dine in the first time you try it.
4	I find myself coming here all the time.  Drawn like a moth to the light.I always get the simple Margharita pizza.  Its simple, its good.  I like to sprinkle some crushed red peppers on it and fold it like a new york slice.  It taste like a really good grilled cheese dipped in creamy tomato sauce.I like how the oven is so hot it only takes 90 seconds to cook.  I recommend waiting four minutes after they drop it off at your table to let it cool and save the roof of your mouth.It's a unique experience.  The service is always super friendly and they do a good job of keeping it a relaxing environment.
5	I have been to Naples and tried the pizza for real, Novencento Pizzeria is the closest thing to that we have eaten in Las Vegas.  We also can't say enough about the service, we have eaten here multiple times and everyone is always super nice.  You can build your own but I recomend the Roma Pizza, the egg on top is different but oh so good.
5	A friend and I found this place, after Grimaldi's had a 1 hour wait. We literally just looked across the street and decided to take a chance and we were not disappointed! This place is so adorable, you make your own pizza and they're choices of different crust/sauce etc. The pizza is seriously done by the time you pay and sit down. Which they bring to you. The staff is the nicest ever. The layout is kind of off with only 4 booths. But It makes it feel more homey. I would let the pizza sit for at least a minute or 2 before you try eating it or it'll all fall off :( At the end we got some yummy gelato, and they gave us a coupon for next times visit. Overall experience amazing! And my friends and I new go to place when I'm on her side of town!
1	I get here at 10pm and all hours are posted and it clearly closes at 1030pm.  Note to owner, your staff closes your restaurant 30 minutes before you close.  Thats why employees stay employees.  They dont care, one track mind.  Gtfoh.
4	We were buying a mattress at the mattress store in the same plaza and heard that this place was giving away free pizza for it's grand opening and obviously had to walk over; who could say no to free pizza?!We were greeted by the friendly staff and they told us a little bit about the place. What's really neat is the fire pizza stove/oven- it's so hot, it only takes 90 seconds for your pizza to cook!Anyway we sat down to wait for our pizza (it was busy so it was in line to get fired) and when they brought it to us, it was one of the most gorgeous pizzas I had ever seen. Their pizzas always have just enough cheese, char, and sauce. I love the chewy crust.We return about once a month and we've tried the spicier sauce (it was good, but I prefer the regular version), and their meats. You just can't beat the margherita pizza! If you're getting take-out, have a pizza cutter handy because they don't cut it to maintain the integrity of the pizza while you travel.  The only reoccurring downside is the price; we love the quality, though!
4	This place is very good and reasonably priced.  We have had the small and 10 inch Margherita pie a few times and their caprese salad is really good and big for the price.They give you a regular balsamic and a really dark, sweet one with the caprese salad, I would ask them for two regular balsamic as the other one is really sweet and thick.They have good values and good pizza but depending on what direction you are coming from, an extra few minutes to Settebello in GVR district might be worth it as their pizza is not as doughy as here and a little bit better in taste.  All in all though the pizza is good here and I will return.
4	Great alternative to other pizza if you have a craving. Much healthier option.
5	The menu is simple and easy to work through. The pizza is fantastic. Great restaurant concept. Prices are also reasonable. 2 pizzas and 2 beers for 30 bucks. I'll definitely be back.
5	I heard about this place through a friend and let me tell you, nothing is better than a freshly made pizza. Don't be lazy and get Pizza Hut! The location is great. Service was fast. Would definitely come back again.
4	Really good pizza...interesting concept. Getting your pizza in 90 seconds. Tried pepperoni, sausage, onions, and mushrooms on one pizza and pancetta, chicken, sundried tomatoes, basil on with the spicy tomato sauce. Loved them both. My kind of music. Center of pizza gets soggy from juices, so eat fast.Once you understand menu options...wide variety of choices. Set menu on 2nd board.
2	I've always wanted to try this pizza joint since I have seen a lot of rave reviews from Yelpers. My high expectation definitely went down the drain after I tried their food. My bf and I orders the chopped salad and a calabrese pizza with tomatoes. The salad was ordinary. It had too much cheese that it over powered the rest of the flavors in the salad. Plus the serving size for a large was smaller than usual. The pizza was very soggy. A total turn off. Flavor was so so. Probably won't be back.
5	I'm not really a big pizza fan but my son is. We decided to give this place a try about two months ago. I must say I'm happy I did their pizza tastes so fresh and they have many sauces and fresh ingredients to choose from. We have visited here at least once a week since then!
5	Pizza was really good, they have these specials, $8.99 for 7'' pizza with 1 topping, small salad and a drink. Really great tasting, freshly made food.
1	The girl started making my pizza before even asking me what I wanted & what kind of dough I wanted. Every table was dirty. The same girl walked passed me while I was cleaning our table & didn't even help. I'll never come back here again.
4	great service and food, quick and casual.we had the chopped salad, bianco, and built my own...spicy marinara, mozzarella, basil, meatballs, and spicy peppers!all the ingredients tasted fresh!
5	I am in love with Novecento! The food is delicious and the staff is great.First, you can customize your pizza with their myriad of toppings is a huge plus. Some of the other places only allow you to choose from a handful and sometimes you just have to satisfy whatever craving you are having.Second, the staff is so helpful in explaining the process and they even help with choosing the best flavor combinations.Third, the pizza comes out cooked to perfection and taste amazing. My recommendation, diavola sauce with fresh mozzarella, sundried tomatoes, basil and meatball. It is heaven!
4	I came here tonight for the second time and devised a genius pie.  The first time, I remember it seemed expensive for Eric and I to get our custom pizzas, but this time I noticed there were two size options.  I am not sure if the 7 inch existed on our first visit.  I was over half an hour late to the party since I worked an event tonight, but Eric R., David S. and out of town friends visiting (Amy and David R.) all got their own 10 inch pies and none of them finished the full pie...because it is too big!I got the 7 inch, with the spicy diavola sauce, parmesan and ricotta, beets (yes, it is an item on the salad menu but I felt compelled to grace my pizza with it), and caramelized onions.  It was PERFECT!!!  I squeezed a fresh lemon slice on it and ....wa-la... soooooo good!  I am not sure if anyone else would order this (the staff said no one had asked for beets on the pizza before) but with these fine toppings AND an iced tea my total was under $10.  What a deal!  I am just floored because the combination of these simple ingredients created a happy celebration in my mouth and I would order this again!
5	Great Hot pizza, fresh ingredients.  I recommend eating it there cause it get soggy when you take it to go.
4	Just do a white pizza with a bunch of cured meats and a fried egg and you won't regret it.
3	Just ok. I heard allot of good things about this restaurant so my expectations were high. Did not live up to the hype. Would go back but not go out of my way.
2	We shared a small Margherita pizza - marinara, fresh mozzarella, basil, EVO and fresh grated Parmesan. NoveCento is one of the many highly acclaimed gourmet pizzerias that have sprouted up all over Las Vegas and beyond, but we found the crust to be mediocre with no discernible flavor or chew. The ingredients were fresh, but would have benefited from more time in the oven.  Overall, this pizza was pretty ordinary.  A rating of 2.5 seems most appropriate.
4	I really like the vibe in this place. Staff is super friendly and makes ordering easy!Pretty good gluten free pizza. So far my favorite is one that I made with goat cheese, spinach and sun dried tomatoes. YUMMY!! I highly recommend the spicy pizza sauce. It really gives the pizza a kick. GF pizza starts at $12. Its thin crust with a well done outer crust and a little chewy throughout the middle. I've also had GF Margarita pizza, and it was pretty good. I recommend the smoked mozzarella. I haven't tried the regular pizzas, but my friend really liked them. You can't beat the house wine for $3.50. Such a deal. I also liked the beet salad, and my boy friend really liked the meat platter. The craziest part is the pizza is ready in no time at all. I don't know how they do it. 90 seconds... impossible!I think this will definitely become one of our frequent dinner spots.
1	For a pizza place this place can't bake them right. We put the 2-3 limit topping and easy sauce, but for some reason they are all came out soggy in the middle.. Like it wasn't cooked right. I think they need more practice on the right temp and cooking time Oh and their gluten free crust is so cardboard. Stick  to Pieology!
4	Very novel idea for a pizzeria. You get to choose your own crust and toppings while they make it up and then bake it for you before delivering to your table. The food was good. For a Napoletano style place, I would still go to Settebello over this place but for the concept and quality, the price is worth it. We got a margarita pizza and a chopped salad. The special came with a drink and at $15 or so, we shared and it was just the right amount of food for an outstanding price. This place is a Chipotle preparation style with Settebello type food. I would come back and recommend it.
4	Finally affordable, amazing pizza has come to Green Valley.   Simple, fresh and simple ingredients. Crust that soft not soggy. Very friendly staff and 10 min for to go orders. I had the Roma and it was perfectly cooked and really flavorful.  The dine in area was clean, colorful and comfortable. I will definitely be back.
3	This pizzeria gets three stars based on the food. My gf and I ordered a half pepperoni/margherita pizza, beet salad with red wine vinaigrette, and a scoop of strawberry gelato. The pizza received the bulk of the points because of its flavor and the crusts ability to withhold the moisture of the mozzarella. The beet salad was the down side of our meal. The butter lettuce claims to be living lettuce (cut from the root) but was browned and shriveled. The big chunks of beet were unappetizing and the salad needed a saltier cheese. Without the light, tasting dressing, this salad would have been inedible. Last was the sorry scoop of strawberry gelato that was no different than carnations ice cream. Overall, the pizza was the best part of the meal and everything else was below average.
5	Fabulous pizza and great staff! Great for kids because the pizza cooks super quick! Fresh ingredients and gluten free dough available! Yummy!
4	This new concept of pizza making is so much fun. You are able to choose what type of pizza dough you would like (regular, gluten free and whole wheat) and then choose the toppings. The pizza is really cooked fast and to perfection, tastes like a Classic Italian pizza. Let me tell you, they have the most delicious chopped salad, it normally includeds salami, or you can opt for chicken...I choose chicken (very good) next time I will order the salad without meat. I will be returning soon expecially for the chopped salad! If you are in the area and in the mood for a quick delicious meal I would definitely recommend this place!
5	OMG!  So excited my girlfriend introduced me to this place last night.  Unbelievable.  I'm sad to say I ate every piece of my 10" pie, but SO worth it!  I'm a simple girl and since I'm trying this place out for the first time I wanted to keep my order simple and basic.My pizza -- I got pepperoni, olives and roasted garlic.  Holy smokes that garlic was amazing!!!  The pizza was mouth-watering delicious.  Everything tasted fantastic and that garlic I'm still dreaming about!We also ordered the Chopped Salad and this was also just as delicious.  I think when I come here for a lunch I'll just get the large chopped salad.  They mix and toss it for you, which is how I love my salads.I'm definitely going to become a regular and kudos for them and their business.  This is a winner and can't wait to come back!!
5	Ok, so if you know me, I never give perfect ratings, but jeez. THIS. PLACE. DOH.Fresh ingredients. Variety. Quality. Pricing. 90 SECONDS.I have to come back every time I am in Vegas. This place also makes me love Neapolitan pizza more than deep dish...sh....
3	Went back today to grab some lunch and asked about the past fagioli soup I asked for a sample and it tasted weird. I asked when it was made and they said 4 days ago however it tasted like longer. I went to next door to order soup since the hubby was sick. The is the first time ordering a Stromboli here,and it was a calzone with sauce. Typically a Stromboli is layered meat, cheese, and dough almost like a flat pinwheel. Very disappointing since this place has very authentic pizza. I had to order a pie as well because I didn't think the hubby would like the Stromboli. In addition they left the salami out of the chopped salad. Not a great experience this time.
5	This place is great. Good prices. Great pizza plus the have crushed ice! Love that you can build your own pizza the way you want it.
5	So.... up until about a month ago I had no idea this place even existed.... and since finding this little gem I have eaten here at least 10 times... no joke... this place is AMAZING!!!!!! Any other Neapolitan style pizza I have had before was so expensive...but, this place has very reasonable prices,  and the toppings are so fresh and delicious... there is something for any pizza lover. I will be coming back VERY soon... Come check it out for yourself... you will not be disappointed !!!!!!
4	I gave a scathing review about this business' operation 9mo's ago. Unfortunately tonight was my first opportunity to actually EAT here and I regret not having come sooner. The people that work here clearly have ONE focused objective and that's simply "To please the customer." I had a very good experience and will enthusiastically recommend Novecento. Molto buono!
4	Price is reasonable and food is good. Staff is fast and friendly. Parking is great. Groups are okay but tables cannot be moved if too many people. The outside seems clean regardless of the previous entry about its ratings (Idk about the inside though). First time I came there was with a friend. I took my husband with me the next day and he loved it saying we'll come back and try the other stuff on the menu. I've only tried the margherita and it was good so can't really be helpful with what else is good to order. Bottom line: We recommend this place and will come back. :)
5	First, I love the concept (like Chipotle, but for pizza). Second, I love the garlic pizza "sauce" -- I think it's just garlic and olive oil. Third, I love that they have gluten-free crust and will actually clean the oven before they cook your gluten-free pizza!!!! (Luckily, I'm just allergic -- not celiac -- so I did not have to take them up on THAT, but how cool that they'll do that!) And finally, the food itself was delicious. Yum!
5	The beet salad was pretty good and my pizza was awesome, a little smaller than I would've thought but I wasn't disappointed!
4	This is a very basic pizza place. You walk in and order standing at the counter. There's a big sign up saying first order the crust. There are three choices. Then you order your cheese. Again three choices. Finally you choose your toppings. Lots of choices on the toppings. They then make the pizza right in front of you. They toss the dough in the air,  apply the red sauce |you chose, then the cheese you picked. Finally you select the toppings that are laid out behind the counter. Unfortunately you have to pay for the toppings so you can't really go wild and crazy. but the charges are fair. Finally your creation goes in the oven. They promise there will be ready in 90 seconds. The reality was that it took maybe two minutes or even three minutes but not much more. The pizza was fabulous. The crust ended up with a nice smoky flavor to it. If you didn't like the pizza, you only have yourself to blame for ordering the wrong parts. And the price is certainly fair. This will be my go to place the pizza from now on.
4	The staff here is super friendly.The pizza is cooked in a 900 degree oven so it cooks in 90 seconds.  This does give the pizza a sort of burnt taste on the edge of the crust but the rest of the pizza is great.  They have tons of toppings and you get to choose your sauces, toppings and seasonings.  For desert they have delicious gelato among other limited options.One note, at least today and earlier, when you dial this restaurant from the yelp app, it dials the centennial hills location.  Be careful and make sure you place your order at the right place.
5	Love this place. You get what you pay for here. An awesome tasting pizza experience that you wont find anywhere else in Vegas. I have tried just about all of them.
5	Love it! Friends recomended and it was a hit!. Great red sauce, personal service,  and just fun food!
4	Their Margherita Neapolitan pizza, beet salad, and Eggplant Parmesan is delicious! The staff has always been friendly and super helpful if don't know what to try. The only reason I took off a star was because the floor was a little slippery in some spots from the pizza dough flour.
5	OMG that was bar none the best Napoletana pizza I've ever had. I live down the street from Tony's in SF and IMHO Chef Marc (no this is not me) could take them to school. This is my new Vegas must have meal.
5	Finding pizza I like in Vegas has been a Problem for me, after a few years experiencing what Chicago had to offer. I was not expecting Novecento to be as awesome as it is. It's clean, quick, affordable, high-quality not-fast-food that is ridiculously delicious.It's Neapolitan style pizza; which means Crispy outer crust with poofy bubbles, and a soft, floppy bottom to the crust. I usually go here with co-workers for a quick lunch, and they actually deliver on the 90-second promise. They have a few lunch specials, but I usually do the pizza, salad, and a drink for $12, and mix up the ingredients on the pizza. I'm a huge fan of their not-sweet but totally real tomato red sauce, and they have a cured meat selection I have not been able to fully penetrate. (My reviews are developing a cured meat theme, lately)Normally when a lunch special includes a "salad" what you're gonna get is the shakings out of a dole bag of "Meh" sometimes complete with back of the fridge ice. This is not what you get at Novecento. I keep getting the ceasar, because they put about a quarter cup of freshly shaved parmesan on top of fresh, lovely romaine and homemade croutons. Aaaaaand sold. The pizza's great. And then they have gelato. And espresso. Which, YES, they will make into an Affogato for you, if you want a desert that will save you from the impending food coma. Which I highly recommend. Apparently they just got a Spring Valley location, which makes me very, very happy.
5	Amazing pizza, friendly staff. I had a margherita pizza and my husband had a roasted mushroom and onion cheeseless pizza. We will definitely be back.
4	Loved this place. The Napoleon style pizza is really above a few places I've tried in town. I had the Calabrese pizza. Perfect mix of spicy on the pizza. Try the beet salad too. The mix of beets and Gorgonzola is a great combo as well. Definetly coming here for pizza.
5	Place is pretty solid. Even though I didn't Love the Chef Marc pizza. I could see where chef Marc's dome was @ in creating that pie.Burrata salad was decent didn't seem like the best quality Burrata I've ever masticated but I liked it.I try not to eat pizza as often as possible but if I make the mistake to eat pizza it's a good jointThe real question who is better Settebello or Novecento... im thinking settebello wins. Should be 4 star but I like this business and want to see them do well...
1	My mother and I came here for dinner. The pizza is good, however the service is terrible. In the middle of getting our order taken, the manager pulled the pizza maker to inform her she was making 7 in pizzas too big on pizzas she didn't make. As I walking to get a drink I slipped on a puddle of water. None of the employees acknowledged that I fell. Even though everyone else stopped what they were doing to check on me. When our pizzas came, part of my moms order was missing. She ordered the special which includes a pizza, salad, and a drink. But the salad was missing. Once again none of the staff did anything about it except our pizza maker. Our pizza maker is the only staff member that offered great customer service. Other than that staff and management team is terrible.
1	CHANGE YOUR HOURS! Just called to order for pick up and was told they close in 10 mins. It's 9:49, and the hours say it's open until 10:30! I'm super annoyed!
2	My mother and I came here for dinner. The pizza is good, however the service is terrible.. As I walking to get a drink I slipped on a puddle of water. None of the employees acknowledged that I fell. Even though everyone else stopped what they were doing to check on me. When our pizzas came, part of my moms order was missing. She ordered the special which includes a pizza, salad, and a drink. But the salad was missing. Once again none of the staff did anything about it except our pizza maker..
5	This place is delicious for those who enjoy this style of pizza. It's fast but authentic tasting. Very friendly staff. A little pricey for what we got but it doesn't have to be and they have specials everyday. It's conveniently located by my house as well. Would make a nice casual date location as well.
1	so. not awesome. basically a subway sandwich style place but for pizzas. the one star is for the Peroni on tap. the pizza itself was nothing spectacular. my date and I were sick the next day and this pizza was the only common link for that. not recommended.
4	This place is great! Fast (90 seconds), fresh, delicious and a clean atmosphere. We love watching them hand toss the dough and always get the white pizza and the chopped salad.
4	Want to make your own pizza? Cool. Start by choosing your crust (type and size) they roll and toss it. (They actually make the Pizza under your direction.) Choose your sauce (pesto is YUM, and if you like spicy the diabolo is great) add the fresh mozzarella and basil then hit the toppings! So many to choose from. After you have finished your creation it goes into the brick oven for just a couple minutes and is delivered hot to your table. I have overheard others stating their pizza is "soggy" in the middle-it all depends on your topping choices. The crust is thin. Overall good pizza. They serve beer and wine. Salads are fresh made to order also.
5	This place is awesome! Food is always great. Service is wonderful and super friendly! Tip: mix the garlic olive oil and spicy sauce... You'll thank me!
5	Great Italian Pizzas here! Very fair pricing with draft Peroni $3.50, house red wine $3.50, and 7" pizza special with your choice of a great Italian salad and soda $7.99. Their cannolli's are fresh and delicious. If you are a fan of the Settabella and Due Forni pizzeria's in town, this is a must try restaurant.
3	2.5 stars if I could. What gets me is that I'm not sure that anything was done 'wrong'? Like maybe it's completely intentional that the soggy and limp crust tastes like little more than yeast and charcoal. Maybe the sauce is supposed to be watery-textured with a mostly-acidic hint of tomato. None of these  textures or flavors stood on their own or worked well together. Thankfully the salad was alright, anyway.Service was friendly. Prices were okay for the area. The cup smelled of sour dish rag, so we asked for a paper cup, which was cheerily granted. I only saw one fly, and one other customer. The music was a CD of emo pop rock for some reason?The high star reviews I'm seeing here use words like 'awesome', 'fantastic', and 'ridiculously delicious', but based on my pre-lunch weekend experience, I totally cannot fathom using those words.
1	Place went down hill fast!!  We went when they opened and they were ok we enjoyed it. Came back again and this will be the last time for sure. The pizza guys (students) suck. They have no idea what to do and are completely clueless to what the toppings were! They were keeping the stems on the Calabrese peppers, when I said please take them off they said that's how we do things here. The place is trying to be artisanal but are doing a terrible job. I will drive the extra mile to settabello or pizza rock downtown, (they are the best btw )Done with these fakes! Btw: I asked where is chef Marc? The reply? He hardly comes in anymore! Lol #done. Obviously they are dying, the place was empty during the normal dinner rush! Lol it's going to be fun to see who moves in this spot when they leave. Stay away!
1	Would not come here again. Burnt crusts and still dough in the middle. Not flavorful all the only taste that stood out was the burnt taste. They were shady with the toppings. If you are going to charge a dollar a topping I expect more than three pieces of pineapple a slice. Tables sat with dirty dishes. Soda machine wasn't that great needed more carbonation I think. Visitor beware!
4	Pizza was great. I am sort of confused by the whole layout of this place but Ill def be back
4	Yummy! Love picking out my ingredients and watching my pizza be made in front of me! And it was done by the time I got my drink and sat down! Pizza ingredients are fresh and yummy! Will definitely be back!
5	Great place for pizzas.  Top 3 in las Vegas.  Fresh made to order.  Chopped salad is great.  Highly recommend
5	Officially one of my favorite pizza spots in town. The pizza technique is spot on. The salads are all ultra fresh with very balanced flavors. the atmosphere is toned down and structured as a fast casual joint. That is the trend these days, but that can be done a little better than they did. I am not going to knock them for it, because it was smart, but they are defeating revenue with their layout. But first and foremost the food is spot on. A definite addition to your regular list of trusted joints.
2	Ate here one night, about two or three weeks ago, because a friend recommended it and said was better than Grimaldi's. I disagree. Pizza was meh. Crust was burned and had too much sauce but not enough cheese. Not sure if we'll be back...
5	One of my favorite pizza places in Henderson area. So yummy! I have them put garlic on the dough before the sauce, gives it a good lil kick. Great lunch place.
5	Food was really good & staff was very friendly also ! Love that you can get a glass of wine while  waiting a short time for a delicious pizza. They have great salads also.
4	This place was suprisingly good. I went in not expecting too much but was very happy with the result. Pizzas are hand tossed in front of you with over 20 different topping.  Prepared and in the over in no time. For under $10 I got a drink, salad, a7 inch 2 topping pizza and a happy belly. I will definitely be back for lunch.
2	My review was going to be good until while there, watching the staff, I was grossed out. We had the arugula salad, margarita pizza and the chef marc pizza - All were GREAT! I noticed the staff playing with their cell phones, playing around, touching their faces... then a customer walks in... you would think they would all wash their hands but NO! Just started making pizza with their bare hands... GROSS!! Total lack of management.. just a bunch of kids playing around. Sad because this could be a great place, great concept.
5	We've been comming here for over a year. It's always delicious. The staff is friendly and willing to help make recommendations. I wish there was a larger selection of salads.
5	Great Pizza Place!It is a little pricey but you get what you pay for (which is a great pizza).The staff is great and very thorough about explaining their process and their tips on how to make the best of the meal (toppings, not getting the pizza cut at the store if you are taking it home, etc).
5	Love this place!  It's fast and the good is great!  I usually do the chopped salad and the margherita pizza...sometimes the calzone and all are great!
2	Up to 4-5 months ago I would have gave it 5 stars cause is right across the road from me and the pizza has always been excellent (I'm Italian,  born and raised and I'm extremely picky about my pizza). But I've been twice in the past 2 months and they have changed the pizzaiolo and it does an horrible job. Besides making holes in the dough when he is pulling it,  it's always either too burnt,  or not cooked and the tomato sauce changed too. I'm just gonna drive the extra mile and go to Settebello where real Italians make my pizza. I've never been disappointed once there.  Sorry Chef Marc but you need to bring those kids back in your kitchen or cook it yourself.
4	This is the second location I have been to, and in my opinion the best. The staff here are very helpful and seem to know what they are doing. They are consistent in their service, and in the preparation of their food. They also have a better lay out when it comes to toppings, everything is view able and easy to see behind the glass and labeled. They have the same menu, but their service and handling of the items is very different from the one in Centennial. Tables are very clean, and always tended to quickly. Too bad it is all the way on the opposite side of the world.
