3	This place isn't the worst but not the best either.    The rooms are fairly updated and modern.   The walls are super thin, and the tall ceilings make any noise echo in the room, so it amplifies through the walls.Breakfast offered is a mediocre spread.   The waffle mix could be better.Free internet however, makes the star rating go up to 3 from 2.Good for football fans in town to see their team play the Cardinals.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this hotel.  We were traveling from the Grand Canyon to Phoenix on route back home to FL - it was nearly 2am when we arrived.  Because it was' so late we ended up getting the room for an extra day, which was nice for resting up for the long drive ahead.  The hotel is right near the interstate, so you do tend to hear a lot of trucks entering and leaving the area.  However, we live right next to a busy road so it was much bother to us.  The room walls are pretty thin though, the second night a couple with their kids stay next to our room and we could hear them all evening.  On a positive note, the room was VERY clean.  The bed was extremely comfortable.  Breakfast was nice - your basic hotel spread with coffee.  The hotel staff was friendly enough.  I would recommend this hotel especially for the price; our room was $59.99 (AAA rate).  This was the manager's special - and for the quality of hotel it was certainly a bargain!
4	After being on the road for over 12 hours, it was a pleasant surprise to end the day at a hotel that was very clean.  Our room was incredible comfortable, clean and quiet.  Even the A/C was on the quiet side.  I would definitely stay here again if I am driving through Phoenix
3	3.5 stars.  The hotel itself is nice; the internet service is good.  The breakfast is also good.  If you want a kitchenette, you have to get the most expensive room.  The rooms are clean, and the staff is friendly and helpful.The bad part is the surrounding area.  We chose this hotel because we have a dog.  We took the dog for a 2 mile round trip walk.  There was graffiti everywhere.  We passed a poor, decaying dog that was left on the sidewalk; it had been there for a while.  On the way back, we passed a "working" transvestite that was obviously high on crack.  This was at 6:30 in the morning.The hotel is good to stay at, but don't go outside.  If you have a dog, stay on the premises.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with our stay here. Having never stayed with this brand of hotel I didn't know what to expect, but I'm glad we took a chance. Plus, the pictures on the internet weren't bad either.  :)The surrounding location is okay.  It's near a business area and other motels. I had no problem walking my dog past 10:30pm. The rooms are VERY clean with nice white clean sheets and comfy beds, and I love the fact that my dog got to stay with us in the room (with no extra charge).  :)  Also, the free breakfast was great! I got fresh waffles and during my stay here I had fresh biscuits and gravy. Kinda glad they had a little bit of a rotation on  the food too. I got scrambled eggs and bacon one morning too.  Bacon makes everything better! LOL (sometimes. LOL) They have a great selection of pastries, cereal, etc.If I'm ever back in the area, I will not hesitate to stay here. And the price is just right! Thanks, Arizona!  :)
4	Over all, it was a great stay for what it was worth. It's very clean, quiet, easy to find; right off the freeway exit which ever way you are coming. Free breakfast was good. If you are looking for simple eggs and bacon, generic breakfast to hold you over.
4	Once again, I needed a moderately priced, pet-friendly hotel for the night and have had relatively positive experiences at La Quinta locations. Bonus points to this place for being a block off Interstate 10 (easy to find late-night and easy to get back on the road in the morning) When pulling up and trying to park, I had to drive completely around the building to an obscure back corner far away from any doors. There were huge trucks and trailers taking up multiple spots. Parking was just terrible. Minus half a star for that. The front desk girl was cheery and welcoming, despite it being quite late. She offered me water with oranges which was very refreshing. (They had watermelon water the next morning!)When I got to the room, I first noticed that the pillows and bed looked plush and comfortable. Luckily for me and for this hotel, they were. The closet was large and the bathroom was spacious and new. There was a microwave and fridge and a ton of dresser space. The work desk was a nice touch. Upon further investigation, I found an awkward red stain on the carpet (pictured). Minus another half star for that. The digital climate control was a nice upgraded feature and other than the stain, the room looked and smelled clean. The breakfast was pretty good; waffles, biscuits and gravy, yogurt, cereal, etc. There is a pretty standard hotel fitness center and an outdoor pool for when it isn't 20 degrees outside. Overall, especially for the price, I enjoyed my stay and have nothing but respect for the La Quinta brand. This was a nice place to rest my head and I would definitely stay here again.
4	Good decent price hotel for last minute find.   Good service.  Breakfast included.
4	This location is not in the best part of town, however I drive a big truck and there is ample parking at this location. The staff is always so friendly and accomodating and my dog is always free. The pool and hot tub are always spotless and I can get my laundry done as well. This location serves the best hot breakfast of any La Quinta I have stayed at....Scrambled eggs, bacon and hash browns as well as waffles, cereal, assorted breads and bagels, juice, milk, coffee and yogurt.
4	Pleasantly surprised by the quality of my room, given its price-point.  The king bed was pretty comfortable and the room was very quiet.  We enjoyed the free breakfast (waffles, sausages/scrambled eggs, hash browns, pastries, cereals, fruit, coffee) and wifi a lot!  Front desk clerks were nice enough and everything was clean.  The neighborhood isn't the greatest, but the hotel is located close to major thoroughfares that take one away to nicer locales.I wished that the bathroom fan was quieter!!  It automatically came on when one turned on the light and it definitely did not entice us to linger in the loo!
2	We stayed here because it was close to a meeting site the next morning. Was impressed by reviews and rate. The staff is really nice and attentive but the hotel itself does not deserve over 2 stars. Our room was a non smoking room that reeked of cigarette smoke. There was even a cigarette burn in the curtains. I wnt into the bathroom and there were hairs in the bathtub....YUCK! The AC unit runs so load it is hard to sleep. The bed was ok but woke up with a backache. They offer a free breakfast but was not good...greasy bacon, powdered eggs, cereal, do it yourself waffles,fruit. Had a stomach ache the rest of the day. Would not stay here again.
4	Stayed here for 4 days for work. The staff was very friendly and the room was decently updated and clean. The breakfast was very good and free. I would stay here again. Only problem  I had was the first night when my neighbors were up all night being loud and I could hear them through the walls. But this was not a problem the following nights.
3	Maybe a little better than what you would expect from a pretty basic hotel. The staff was always very friendly and helpful. The room was nothing special (there was a black hair on the towel, the TV isn't good quality, mattress was maybe a 2/5 stars at best; other than that...okay). The free breakfast and WiFi is pretty awesome, I will give them that.The crowd ruined the experience for me. A lot of people were there and there were obnoxious kids and their drunk parents running around all night every night. Can't really dock the hotel for that though.Should have called the front desk to make them be quiet but I didn't want to be a buzz kill.The surrounding area is pretty sketchy, you have to cab to anywhere decent if you want to actually feel safe walking around.Overall, for what the hotel could control, it was better than I expected for a basic hotel. Would most likely come back.
4	I stayed here for the Mexico v USA game in April of 2014. It was $95 and met all of our needs. It was clean and the AC was strong. Parking was easy and I loved the free breakfast and wifi. If you're on a budget this is a good choice. I'm also partial to the El Pollo loco next door.
4	Stayed here on my way to mi was a very clean friendly facility. The pool was clean and larger than I expected. Julie who was at the front desk was nice enough to upgrade my room to a  king suite after simply  asking the difference in the room just what we needed for a road weary family was a huge room a small apartment really all that for under 80 dollars win in my book
2	Pretty average... Not amazing but not horrible.  You get what you pay for.  PROSRooms are clean.Breakfast ok. (Powdered eggs, etc) Staff is helpful. Good parking. CONSInterior NEEDS updating Tiles & wall in bathroom cracking. Only one elevator & can be sketchy  Outside doors don't always work. THIN walls, floors, ceiling.
5	brilliant location and not too expensive. the rooms were cleaned to a high standard and the beds were comfortable. staff friendly and attentive. would definately stay here again and will continue to recommend.
4	From the very beginning, we were given above standard service. The staff were kind and courteous. In our case we were guests because I was having a medical appointment at  Medical Center. We booked for one night, but after our appointment I felt I needed another night. They had no problem meeting our needs. We immediately were escorted to a new room.  The rooms were beautifully decorated and the beds were clean and comfortable. The wide screen HD tv was very cool. The toiletries were of good quality which is always a nice surprise. The room service was great and the food was delicious. I was too ill to go to the on -site restaurant, but by our next appointment I definitely plan to enjoy a yummy dinner on the 17th floor. Again,, the staff are what makes a hotel stay what it is and these staff were just the greatest!
1	The lights by my bed did not work, ceiling fan was extremely dirty, black long hairs on the hand towels and body towels ( I have short blonde hair), black hair on the coffee supply kit (I'll be skipping that in the morning), dust on the tops of the picture frames, and the desk chair had so many holes and rips that it should have already been replaced. At check in I asked for the cheapest room for 1 person but was told all they had were suites available. I asked if they had any double queens available for cheaper (according to online they did) and was told yes and it was way cheaper then the king suite that was recommended. I honestly did not ask the right question so this is my fault... Since I did ask for a single. If I paid $40, I would be okay with the above issues I would recommend staying at a different hotel for the $70-$100+ you will pay here
4	Chose this hotel because of price and they take pets. Although furnishings showed wear, cleaner than I expected.  (Never stayed in a pet friendly hotel before). Really appreciated that the room was well insulated against sound. We were right next to elevator and it did not disturb, nor was there excessive noise from hallway ( doors slamming, people walking, talking, etc).  One complaint is that we were on 2nd floor and room opened to inside corridor. Inconvenient when our dog needed to go outside. Other than that, was very good. Good value for price.
