1	We got lost in vegas and came across this place. We were hungry so we decided to stop (Big Mistake). We were the only ones there and we orderd our food the waitress was very rude and seemed bored out of her mind she didn't even greet us or give us menus we had to get them ourselves. After we ordered my daughter had to go to the restroom there were roaches everywhere eeww. I think I was more afraid than my daughter YUK!! I was discusted. When they brought over the high chair there was a dead roach on the seat and the waitress just wipped it off and left it on the floor.YEAH IM SERIOUS. I was discusted and we decided to go somewhere else I didn't want to stick around and find dead roaches in my food. When we asked for a refund we got more attitude problems from the people cooking the food but that was no longer our problem maybe if they kept their retaurant clean it wouldnt be so empty and people wouldn't be asking for refunds on food they haven't even seen yet .PLEASE DO NOT TAKE YOUR KIDS HERE ITS HORRIBLE.
5	This restaurant does not get any credit probably for it's poor location, or lack of advertisement. I literally live across from mandarin express, and have always been skeptical about giving it a try. Parents were in town and suggested Chinese food for dinner. I was extremely lazy that day and figured I should try mandarin express since it was only seconds from my house.  The place is very small, and looked closed because they never have the doors open. Don't get discouraged, and try it! I was actually surprised at how good the food was. Since the place is not busy, they make everything fresh right after ordering. Along with great food, I found the lady there to be very nice (she's not too fluent in eng, however she was very nice).  Will be going here from now on to get my Chinese food.
5	Seriously this place is good. I've tried 5 dishes and all are good. Everything is made right in front of you in the wok. It's cleaner and doesn't leave you feeling like crap after. Good find. Mom and pop ran. Way better then panda could ever be and way better tasting
4	I wanted to go to Rice Trax but they were closed so we came here . They share the same parking lot so we didn't need to go far. I ordered the Orange Chicken which was made to order. It had that crispness that I love served with some tasty fried rice. I was happy with my order but my brother wasn't happy with his beef steak. He said there were too many veggies and not enough beef. I like that they make everything fresh.  I didn't see any food under heat lamps which I thought was a refreshing change.
2	im not a hater and this food is just alright like just alright.... the staffs are very nice. i have made a lot of delivery but now i found new other place is better than this place. if you want a quick bite or just craving for american chinese food  you will come here and get a quick bite. :)
1	This place is horrible, I wouldn't feed this to my dog. It is however tasty and greasy if you haven't a  palate.
