5	Great atmosphere and I love what they did with my hair! Exceeded my expectations! Thank you Carol
5	Great atmosphere and I love what they did with my hair! Exceeded my expectations! Thank you Carol
1	Horrible experience. Went there to get my daughter's hair cut for the first time (she's 3). The FIRST thing the hairstylist says to us is "Does she sit well, because I don't deal with crying babies." Then walks to the back. She then makes a comment about what I use in my daughter's hair, hands me the comb, tells me to get the knots out, and walks away. That is when I got up and walked out with my daughter crying her eyes out. I have never felt so unwelcome in my entire life. I left so angry I was shaking and still can't believe the experience I had here actually happened. My tip: if you are a Mom with a biracial child DO NOT GO HERE, EVER.
3	Elysium has a lot of growing potential and has its ups and downs, but the stylists without being biased,  are the best of the west valley. Customer service definitely needs to be worked on as well as some other things, and granted we are working on them but give us another shot. We thank you in advance and apologize for any negative experiences so far. (Erica Elysium Management)
5	My stylist yesterday was Maranda Hall, her hands are magical whenever she performs. She can literally revive ANY hair catastrophe I've made by trying to DIY or going somewhere else. She does it all cuts, sewins, & color. COME HERE FIRST is what I've learned.
5	I love this salon. It took me forever to find a place that did African American hair and I got lucky and stumbled across this place. Everyone that works there is really nice and I would definitely recommend this spot to anyone and everyone. Carol, Maranda, Erika, Danielle, Zoawan and the owner Rasheen have all done my hair and Im comfortable with all of them! Excellent Salon, thank you all!
3	I went today for the 1st time and was very nervous because of the reviews here. My experience was great and everyone in the shop was friendly. The place is nice, very clean, and professional. They even had nice music to listen to :) Marie styled my hair and was very sweet. I only gave 3 stars because my style was a little boring, but I will be more hands on next time. I will be going back soon.
