4	I've taken my car to Tuffy on S. Tryon near Ayrsley since I moved to Charlotte, but when the quality of service went downhill recently, I found myself looking for a new mechanic.Coulwood Tire & Auto in NW Charlotte came recommended by a friend, and my first visit went as well as a trip to the mechanic could. Coming from a guy who never learned how not to get ripped off at the mechanic, that's saying something.John, the manager, was courteous and professional. He didn't try to upsell me on anything. The waiting area was clean and inviting. I even got a ride back to the office by Percy, one of the crew. Nice guy, too.The service took a little longer than expected, but not too bad. And hey, I was at work instead of a waiting area...so that's good. The work seems to have been done as expected; I checked the spark plugs, new S-belt...everything seemed in order.The price wasn't brutal. Tune-up, oil change and a new serpentine belt: $465. About what I expected. Still tough to swallow, but that's the life of a car owner, ain't it?All in all, I'm pleased and will likely head back to Coulwood Tire & Auto next time I need service.
5	My husband is pretty handy but you have to have a back up!  I had an emergency brake problem and they inspected it ASAP.  Bumped me to the top of the list.  Not only did they see me as soon as I screeched in but since it was a simple fix (a slipped pad clip) they didn't charge me.  WHAAAAA!  Honest, nice and helpful.  Not words I use for all car places.  Thanks guys...you are my go to back ups when the hubby is out of his league or out of town.
2	Why is your gas at the pump still $3.30 when everyone else around 3.18
1	Didn't mind the high price! Dropped my vehicle off a week ago and am still waiting. Every time I call it's 30 more minutes. Will not be going back for any service. Even though I was referred by a friend of the owner, I never let them know that.  Your experience will be like this! You walk in and they may be talking amongst themselves to figure out who is gonna help you. After a few minutes they'll ask what you need. If your lucky and it's a minor issue (check the air in my tire) you'll be out the door in no time. Anything else good luck and be prepared to rent a vehicle for a few days to a few weeks!!!!
