3	Course was in great shape.... 1 starService was outstanding.......   1 starNice proshop, resturant, and practice facilities... 1 starAmazing golf course views....  0 starsprice...  (you can find all the great things about this course with amazing views for less)0 stars
1	After driving by McDowell Mountain Golf Club several times, I wanted to play the course. It looked fun, and like a challenge. That, and PGA TOUR player Phil Mickelson owns the club. I went to book a tee time, and their website had tee times listed for $59. I found a tee time on GolfNow.com for $29, so I booked that. When I arrived at the course, there was no clubhouse. That seems to be a trend in Arizona. I then asked where the range was, and was told I had to pay for practice balls. I haven't paid for range balls all year, and they wanted $6 for a small bag of balls. The range was nice, and had nice views, but was brown. I hoped the course didn't look like this. It did. The course was in HORRIBLE shape, and should not be open. I am sure they are getting ready to over seed, but if that is the case, close the course. $10 would be a more acceptable tee time. We saw the cart girl before we teed off. Didn't see her again all day. When we finished, and brought that up, the guy cleaning clubs said, "Oh yeah, she went home." Apparently she got off at noon, because we teed off just before 12:30. I am glad that I played the course, but I won't be playing there again. The course was in awful shape, and the rate was absurd for what we got. I would rather play Papago... they have green fairways!
4	If you're an electrician or a lover of high tension power lines, this is the place for you! Some people love to see Cacti, some people love the ocean, and some (very few) like power lines.Other than the massive towers running through the course this place is in fantastic shape and offers some excellent golf. I was visiting the area and wanted to play as many places as I could. The previous day I played The Boulders South which is probably the best desert golf I have come across. However, this place is great too. The layout is very challenging.We started playing from the Whites (which were moved up, less than 5400 yards) for two elderly gentlemen. Many pars and a couple of birdies later I realized I wasn't even thinking about strategy. It was too short. So on the back 9, I played from the Black tees which puts the course just over 7000 yards - now this was proper golf!The course is in great shape and must be played. The twilight rate is $61, which is a huge difference from over $100 which I think it not justified here because of the view. The clubhouse is being renovated so I didn't get to see that. If you're in the Scottsdale area and don't want to drive too far, this is the place to go.
4	Played here for the first  time this week.They recently finished a re-do of the clubhouse/pro shop and it is very nice.Staff at the bag drop was friendly and helped point me in the right direction.The course is very playable with very nice greens.They were quick, firm and very true. It was hard to make a ball mark on some greens.Fairways were in good condition too.Most of the holes play downhill or are played from elevated tee boxes, which always seems to make things easier.There are some severe drop offs into huge waste areas, but it takes a bad shot to get there.I liked that playing there for the first time, the course presented itself in front of you.There were no big surprises or 'if I knew that was there I would have hit a different shot'. There were 4 set of tee boxes and 2 additional combo layouts on the scorecard, so it's easy for everyone to find a good place to play from.It's not a scenic course as the power lines run through the middle of the course.Several holes play to the east side of the lines and these are the most scenic holes.The course was full, but we played in 4 hr 10 minutes.Starter told us the tee book was full until after 3 o'clock that day, so it must get alot of play.We stayed for lunch after the round and the food was very good and reasonably priced.Will definitely go back and play here again.
3	3-3.5 starsIt's a decent course and a fair value compared to the resort courses.  They keep the course in pretty good condition and there are some interesting holes.  If you're a scratch golfer, it may not be challenging enough but it may be a good one to improve your short game.
3	Played here a couple times, most recently this past weekend. The course is always in good shape when I've been out there and it is challenging with the desert being in play throughout the course.The driving range gives you a great view of Northeast Scottsdale while you're warming up and you get just about the same great view off of the #10 tee. The course is challenging enough for most people as you're playing with desert on a lot of holes. The negative is that it is a tad annoying playing amongst the string of power lines that are placed along the outskirts of the course. It just makes for an awkward appearance and when you're trying to line up your shot, that numbing buzz of the electricity can be an unwelcome distraction.Is this a great course? In my opinion, no. There are far better ones around the Valley that you can go and play. But, I recommend playing here if you haven't before and you're looking for a new track in NE Scottsdale.
4	This course is nice. For 17 bucks for 18 holes with a cart, I can't complain.COurse is challenging. It can play really short depending on the windy.The bar was nice with lots of micro brews.I will be back...
5	What a great course! Owned by Phil Mickelson. I enjoyed my round here. The staff was very friendly. I played 9 holes here with Sassy Golf and we all sat out on the patio afterwards and enjoyed a glass of wine with dinner. The patio is SO awesome!!! Huge fireplace in the middle with a roaring fire. There was live music playing on the Sunday night we were there too, which was an added bonus! Had a lesson before my round with LGPA instructor, Peggy, and she was GREAT! She helped me tweak a couple things that have been giving me problems lately and I played so much better thanks to her. Can't wait to come back!
4	Wonderful course, great staff! Tucked away, a little off the beaten path this is a gem of a course. The patio of the Mesquite Grill offers a lovely view of the driving range and practice greens and a nice breakfast as well. Great spot to unwind after 18 holes. At $150 a round (non-residents) I would have expected modern golf carts with GPS but it's a minor complaint. Everything else was first rate! A well maintained and challenging course.
5	Great course with amazing views. The Mesquite grill, what a spectacular view, beautiful patio with a wonderful fireplace.  Service was great could not have been treated any better, great wine selection and with 1/2 bottles on Saturday nights makes it even better. The menu selection has great verity, I really enjoyed the Sun Devil Salad and the Fish tacos are wonderful.
1	Used to like this place until my betrothed and I decided to plan a little wedding ceremony / party there. We originally worked with the previous event planner, who we liked very much and she worked with us to provide us a great deal for our event, so we paid our 500 dollar deposit and life was good till she quit. Her replacement changed all that. We thought the new event planner, Kate, was going to follow through with the pricing that we had agreed to previously, especially in regards to alcoholic beverages, but that turned out not to be the case (so we found out when it was too late to cancel the event which is the only time Kate communicated directly with me). Hindsight being 20/20, I should have trusted my instincts especially when dates to make deposits were missed (was informed by my better half to expect calls from Kate to collect deposits on more than one occasion, but she never called). Since we were in the middle of relocating our home, I had bigger fish to fry and felt I had no cause for concern as Kate was going to take care of us and make sure we had a pleasant experience). As stated, hindsight is 20/20 and I was SORELY mistaken. What I think happened, is that Kate, and probably Austin as well, decided that the deal we were getting through the previous event coordinator was too good, so instead of communicating with us well ahead of time and telling us they could not meet us on price, they decided to say nothing to us until it was too late to cancel as per contract and GOUGE us. Then, less than a week (too late to cancel as per contract) before the event, with ALL of our invitations out and everything ready, Kate FINALLY calls me and hits me with the total price that included an EXORBITANT price for cheap wine and beer thus bringing the total cost of the event up to their minimum IF we wanted to have a "wet" event as opposed to "dry" which an honorable establishment would have done WAY ahead of time with the understanding that this event represented a most special day for anyone (what's a party without a little alcohol anyway?). We of course were shocked, sad, angry, stressed and extremely disappointed as all we wanted was to have a wonderful experience with our friends and family on our WEDDING DAY with as little stress as possible. Well, Kate and company sure changed all that to be sure. The week leading up to our wedding date was THE most stressful and worrisome we experienced thus far as a couple. To make matters worse, and knowing that we were very concerned, Kate charged my checking account for the full amount of the event sans the egregious price for alcoholic beverages WITHOUT my express consent. She had sent an email my way with the invoice and asking me to let her know if it was OK to charge the amount. I responded that we had changed our minds and I did not give my permission to charge my account (figured the 500 bucks I'd put down already was forfeit, so they could have that). But obviously, when she read that, she took our money anyway (Isn't there a word for that?). Thank Heavens for good friends and family who upon hearing of our plight, came through for us and we quickly began rearranging our plans for the change of venue as we were NOT having a dry ceremony with people that we felt were hostile towards us (a friends gorgeous home became available to us). We also had to exercise a lot of cost control at this point (a couple's wedding day should not be marred by such seemingly uncaring people. To add insult to injury, I attempted to negotiate a settlement with Kate and Austin in order to end the dispute amicably and provide a WIN for both parties involved. I offered to "make them whole" if you will by dropping my bank dispute with them IF they refunded my money but kept enough to at least make a profit for absolutely nothing. They flat out refused even after I explained to them the tight position they had placed my bride and I in and that we could surely use the money to ease our worries. Are you kidding me?? We're getting married and they don't want to show any kindness and good will?? We cannot understand why they would not work with us to make things right and to relieve our stress (apparently, and as far as we were concerned, all they wanted was our money). In closing, if you are planning a wedding, corporate event or party of ANY kind, I would steer clear of the McDowell Mountain Ranch Golf club as long as Kate and Austin are running the show. Instead, find people who will work with you and care about YOU the customer and your needs before their profits as the businesses we have dealt with AFTER being undeservedly TORPEDOED by the McDowell Mountain Ranch Golf club (I wish to never set foot there again and will be spreading the word as I work in IT and I know some people).  Don't let their "team" of event mis-planners ruin your special day.  My wife and I HIGHLY recommend you take your business elsewhere.
5	What a great place to enjoy time with true friends. The staff here is amazing and I would host an event here anytime.  The view is top notch and the company is amazing. Thank you Dean and Tammy for recommending this place to us. Love it
2	Great course but restaurant needs improvement. Nice decor for a golf course restaurant but awful food.  Please improve the food and service. More neighbors would come if the food was better.
3	Course is in decent shape for the price we paid on golfnow. The club rental is a total hoax. They quote $35 for clubs yet there is nothing in the bag ie tees, balls ball marks etc. And their balls are overpriced. After everything is said and done it was about $70  for the clubs and equipment which is a normal price.
5	I had the good fortune to play here this past week.  Originally, we were a twosome going out on Wednesday but due to car trouble, my partner arrived too late for our scheduled tee time.  As they are currently one of the few courses NOT over-seeding, they were pretty tightly booked.  The beverage cart gal, Terrie, stopped by between her duties to ask if we needed anything.  The ranger, Tito, spent time with us explaining the course and just generally providing amusing conversation.  Luke and Kevin tried mightily for about an hour to fit us in but as my schedule precluded waiting longer, we opted instead to return the following day.  They offered to keep our clubs for us overnight so as not to have to drag them around. When we returned the following day we were greet by name and set up with our cart.   Our round went off as planned.  The course was in decent shape, especially for the GOLFNOW price.  The greens were short ,tight and true. I have never seen a beverage cart as many times as I did on this round.  I believe her name was Danielle.  After being told she had no coffee on the cart  when she went back to the club house, she grabbed a cup for me and brought it to me, no charge.  A little thing? Sure but telling as to how we were treated from start to finish.  Looking forward to going back!!!!  I might even pay retail!! ;)
1	It is a swamp too many mosquitoesmake sure you wear full sleeves and long pants and take mosquito repellent. Driving range also not good
5	Played there today.  Course is in excellent shape!  Second time here and am thrilled with both the layout and OB card rates....  I will be back.The views are great.  Yes, there are power lines but it is not a big deal.  This course has very nice views.
3	I gave it 3-stars, but with reservation.  The range is in good shape - the balls are too expensive.  No discounts even for players' card holders.   The course is in decent shape.  Not great.  Some of the holes are a little gimmicky for my tastes.  The bar and deck are great.  I would drive there just for that.  BUT...  the food is tragic.  Sorry - but it is just awful.   We've ordered about 6-8 different items on 4-5 occasions, and most were botched.  How can you screw up Bruschetta?  They found a way - serve it on soggy bread.  Burger? Undercook it.  Chicken wings?  Worst I've had.  Little to no flavor.  I'm rooting for you guys - but please address your kitchen....
