5	With simple cafe-like restaurant like these, I go only for 1 thing.... Tasty food, and I got just that. Been there few times now... We've randomly ordered selection from menu, ordered some of our usual fave Chinese dishes, and staff recommendations, no complaints so far.
5	Stopped in here for some food...ended up getting GREAT food! Loved the French style filet mignon! This place opened recently and they are off to a great start!
3	The flavor of the food is solidly authentic.  I am speaking as a Hong Kong native.  The decor is rather drab.  They need to redecorate if they want to attract hip Hong Kongers.  Our bright and friendly waitress didn't speak Cantonese which is unusual but who cares if the food is tasty?  Our Singapore style chow fun has just the right amount of curry flavor.  The ong choy was seasoned well and plentiful  They didn't over salt the veggies like they do at most restaurants.  The honey and ginger chicken had just the right sweet tanginess.  I wish there was more meat on the chicken bits though.  The XO yee mein was spicy and unctuous.  The noodles can be smoother in texture though.  When we went, there were only 2 or 3 tables.  I am thinking if they get more business, they will be able to attain better ingredients and the food will get to the excellent level.  I think there is great potential here because the chef obviously knows what he is doing.  He just needs to get his hands on the resources.
3	I was excited to try this place out when I heard that the chef used to be from one of the restaurants we frequent when in LA.  I am forever waiting for an authentic HK style western cuisine restaurant to open up in Las Vegas where I can get a good baked pork chop rice dish.  Well, although this place didn't have this dish on the menu, I did try their baked portuegese pork chop rice dish.  The flavour was quite good and the portion was quite large.  I also tried their hot pot rice on the waiter's recommendation.  It took about 20 mins to make it.  The flavour was good, but the hot pot was rather small and there wasn't any hard crispy rice at the bottom of the pot.  The hard crispy rice is what differentiates a good hot pot rice from an average one.  I have to give this dish an average rating.  I give this place 3.5 stars for now.  I see the potential in this restaurant and will come back to try more items on the menu.
4	4 1/2 stars. Hong Kong style food at this recently opened establishment. I was concerned when I arrived for dinner since i was the only customer.The selection here is large but I ordered the chicken, sausage,black mushroom and rice clay-pot since it takes around 20 minutes to prepare. After browsing over the menu some more I ordered the beef stew noodles and requested addition of won ton.  When the beef stew arrived I added chile sauce for spiciness. The won ton is some of the best I've tasted - all shrimp! The beef was lean and tender and the portion was generous. I was so impressed I couldn't stop eating it and finished it all! When my clay-pot arrived the pot was large and contained pieces of chicken with bones, large black mushrooms, veggies and flavored rice. On the side they give you  sauce for additional saltiness - The flavor was delish and really satisfying. After finishing my dinner the waitress brought me a Hong Kong style waffle which tasted similar to warm fortune cookie - it was not overly sweet but just right - enjoyable.After chatting with the waitress. She informed me that the chef worked at Sam Woo in Monterey Park Ca. and they have been open for only a couple of months. The business is family owned and operated which I can appreciate since my family had a Chinese restaurant when I was growing up.Service was on the spot and additional patrons arrived which was I was pleased to see. I'll definitely return here in the future for the authenticity of food and value here.
3	I brought a co worker in for lunch before driving back to So Cal. The place was dead BC of a fatal car accident which closed off access from North Decatur.Our order - won ton soup, Kung pao beef and orange chicken. The won ton soup came out first but the broth was to dark with soy sauce. The won ton was tasty and full of shrimp and included Chinese greens. When our other entrees came out the chef made Mongolian beef instead of Kung pao which I ended up accepting since we were in a hurry. The orange chicken was decent tasting nothing spectacular.The waitress was good although I ended up down grading Tasty Station a star due the the mishaps on the won ton soup and mis ordering.
5	I play pool at pool sharks, right next door, and order food from here every time I go.  This place is amazing!  My two favorite dishes are the orange chicken and the sweet and sour chicken. The main reason is the way they bread or batter their chicken. Most Chinese restaurants it is a struggle to find the chicken under the gobs of greasy breading. Or it's just the chicken with no breading at all. Here, they lightly batter the chicken so you get all the great texture of breading but can still taste the chicken! And the batter helps hold the awesome flavored orange sauce to each piece of chicken. The service is incredibly quick and friendly. The chef should be given an award. The portion sizes are big enough for you and two or three friends. Three of us usually share one order with white rice and we feel like we over indulged afterwards. Goofy name...but oh so true! Tasty!
1	I have no clue how this place got a 4-star as the waitress was not friendly and kind of clueless.  We had 8 people and she asked us how many menus we need.  We asked for drinks and the entire page of great Hong Kong style drinks were not available.  Only soft drink is available.  I hope the food was good but the atmosphere was not welcoming for us to try, so we left...
3	I've been to tasty station serval times. The food is tasty and they have good lunch prices. The one thing I will note is that it takes way too long to get your food! My co-worker and myself go during lunch but we are going to have to stop going because it takes them 30 min to 50 min to bring us our food and we do not have enough time to eat because our lunch is over by the time we get our food. I do not understand  why it takes them so long they are not even busy. One time it took  them 30min and we were the only ones in the place? Today we had to leave because they had two other tables and after 45 min they had not even begun cooking our food ( they only had two other table sof 3-5 people)? If they do not pick up the pace they will be out of business soon.
3	The House Special Chow Fun noodle was good. However, there is a lack of seasoning but it still a good food so far. Gotta try the Chow Mein next time!
