5	Yum!  Love this little locally owned and operated, cozy, friendly restaurant. Opened about 9 months ago (I think). Open 7 days a week and all year (not seasonal).Great, fresh, home cooked food.  Daily specials and special fish dinners on Fridays.Went for a late breakfast - love that breakfast is served ALL day! That takes the pressure off of having to rush on a lazy Saturday or Sunday. I had the Ultimate omlette which was loaded with ham, bacon, sausage, all FRESH green peppers, onions, mushrooms & tomatoes with home fried potatoes.  It was delicious!  My friend had the chicken fried steak with hash browns.  The steak was really good - the coating was perfect! It was a nice super crispy golden brown and covered with sausage gravy - which was also very good.  They don't over season or salt anything which is good - you can add your own to suit your tastes.  Washed down with hot (hot) fresh coffee. Excellent.  They have homemade pies but we had no room left to eat another bite so we'll just have to go back.
5	I have to say this is a rare gem - truly a home owned and home cooking kind of place with a staff that is so wonderfully friendly.   There were four of us that went tonight and two of us had the fish, one had the hot roast beef sandwich and one had the country fried steak dinner.  Every plate got rave reviews - I had the walleye dinner and it did not disappoint - perfect down to the core, breaded just right and cooked not one minute too long or too short.  There are homemade mashed potatoes and gravy that made one of us order a side on the side!  Yes it is that good.  Homemade pie and desserts - this is down home cooking at it's very finest.  I have had breakfast and lunch there also and they were both outstanding meals.   Just for balance I tried to think of one negative comment and I just can't find one!   It is all good.To put frosting on the cake, our server was what every server should aspire to be - friendly, attentive and responsive.
5	Good food, good prices.
5	Delicious, fresh and perfectly cooked Walleye from Minnesota. Family owned and very nice people! Give it a try when you're in Mesa! The antique malls are right down the street, and so is the vegetable market! Perfect day!!
5	I live near this restaurant but had never been in - its in a little building that's not much to look at from the outside but inside its a very cute little dinner. The real star is the food which was Awsome we had breakfast and the bacon was perfect the hash browns where delicious and them made the best sunny side up eggs I've ever see (whites done perfect, not runny) - the staff was very friendly and I met one of the cooks an she was very sweet. We definitely will go back.
5	Great home cooked meals. Fran is a sweetheart. A must visit.
5	Last spring, I asked a total stranger in my community, if she could recommend a good place for "home cooked meals".  She immediately recommended Fran's Place on Main Street.  Since my first visit, I have become a "regular".  I just love this little place!  The meals remind me of my "mother's cooking"---if not, better!  Incredibly friendly atmosphere.  This is a family owned business and what a neat family they are!  I don't believe I've had a bad meal---probably the best open beef plate with real mashed potatoes and delicious gravy I've had in a restaurant!  The omelettes are fantastic along with all of her breakfast items, ie. waffles, pancakes, etc.  Soups are homemade and usually a daily special such as stuffed peppers or cabbage rolls.  And then, of course, her wonderful fish specials every Friday.  Either cod or walleye---best around!!   Can't go wrong with any of her sandwiches----or fresh baked pies.  If anyone is looking for just good "comfort food", you will be delighted with this restaurant----not a fancy atmosphere---but extremely clean and comfortable!
5	AHmazing... looks tiny but is mighty with flavorful comfort food :0) the works omlette was DeLiCiOuS along with golden brown perfect hashbrowns and  pancakes mmmmm Plus we got to meet Fran and her sister, what sweethearts... so happy to have found this wonderful place. We'll be back, my favorite yelp find yet!!!
5	I had one of their numerous specials.  Very reasonably priced for the midwest portions that arrive piping hot to my table.  I chose one of the dishesthey are known for, biscuits and gravy.  For $3.99 I chowed down on one over easy egg and a single biscuit with scrumptious gravy.  By no means was it visually appealing but was it good!!! The bisciut was buttery and the gravy had just the perfect ratio of pepper to sausage.  The clientele was mostly of the older generation, great place to read the paper and shoot the bull with strong coffee in hand.  The waitresses were what I expected, like talking to an old friend.  I took a piece of their bread pudding home, something else they're known for.  Great place!! Wish I lived closer to this little gem, perfect place for a stop when we're out on our motorcycles!
3	Food was actually pretty darn good.  The turn off was the whole time we were trying to eat , they were walking around killing flies. Not the most appetizing thing in the world.
1	My boyfriend and I visited here a few weeks ago based on the reviews. The windows were painted with words "everything's homemade" and "we cook from the heart not a box". Those words are a HUGE stretch. The omelet was nothing better than you'd get at Denny's. Not fresh eggs but boxed. The hashbrowns were frozen. Also not homemade but I guess technically not from a box. We overflowed our coffee cups twice because the waitress filled the cup to the brim AFTER being aware we wanted creamer added. We weren't greeted when we came in and the coffee waitress passed by us twice. Its a small dining room so she had to pass very close. No way to have missed us standing there. We actually had to ask if we should seat ourselves. We didn't know the protocol as it is self seating at some places and as no one was interested in assisting us we assumed that was how its done. The waitress huffed exasperatingly and stated she would be right with us. All of this was after we passed Fran herself standing on the front stairs smoking. We had to pass through the cloud to get in. I made a joke about that being Fran and my boyfriend said yeah right. Come to find out....I was right! Needless to say...we will never be returning. If we wanted poor service and shoddy food we would go to a big chain breakfast.
2	Had a good late breakfast there, and it was good.  Went back for their walleye today and we were very disappointed. Bill was $36 for two walleye dinners and one diet coke.  We had been looking forward to the walleye being from Minnesota.  We tried.
5	We just moved to the area and we were looking for a Sunday breakfast.  Yelp recommendations pointed us to Fran's Place.  We were fortunate to beat the crowd and got seat.  Fran came to great us and we had a fabulous meal.  The waffles were the best and everyone in our party of four was defiantly satisfied with their meals.  It was not speedy but well worth the wait for home cooked food.
5	I just read over all the "old blogs" about this restaurant---and noticed the one written in February of 2013, had some wrong information that I would like to correct.  First of all, I lived in Scottsdale for over 15 years and ate out every day of my life.  Don't believe there was a restaurant in Scottsdale that I have not  experienced--from a 1 star to a 5 star.  I moved to Mesa a couple of years ago, and found it difficult to find good restaurants that were not "franchises".  Someone recommended Fran's Place to me---and I have been a "regular" ever since.  Back to the gal that wrote in last February.  First of all, Fran DOES NOT SMOKE----never has---and whoever was smoking in front of the door---definitely not her----and if it was one of the waitresses--they would not be smoking at that location.  Secondly, her omelettes are the best I've ever had---definitely not a "franchise taste"-----and those are definitely not "boxed hashbrowns".  Fran makes many of the soups, the daily specials, and her son, Brian is the chef, and his wife, Brenda also prepares some of the specialties as well as being a waitress ---and between the three of them, the food they prepare is just downright outstanding---truly homecooked--as good or better than my Mother's.  I don't believe I've been disappointed in anything I've ordered there in the past two years.  Fresh fruit and vegetables daily--best real mashed potatoes and gravy, sandwiches, all breakfast items---soups are fantastic---I just love this place----the gals that work there are friendly and the atmosphere reminds me of "Cheers"----it's not uncommon to have people talking with one another from table to table.  Remember, it's a "hole in the wall"---but the only 5 STAR "hole in the wall" I've experienced in my 18 years in Arizona.
4	Really good home cooked food!! :) Very cozy place... With very nice employees... Got to meet Fran...she goes around every table greeting... Of course when she's there. Really little place... But food delish!! I recommend it!!
1	We've been here b4 with no major problems but today was horrible! Everywhere had a wait this morning.. Now i know why Fran's didnt. Hardly anyone there yet we waited almost 15 minutes to have our order taken.. From that point on nothing but bad service the waitress acting so busy hardly doing anything and once the food finally arrived it was a total mess and just completely tasteless? Mess up bacon n eggs really???? Won't b back here.. Next time we'll b waiting "somewhere" for great food! Sorry Fran your employees aren't doing a good job for your business at all.
4	Always on the lookout for good breakfast spots. The service was friendly, the food was very good. We had an egg/bacon/pancake combo, a side of biscuits and gravy, and an omelette. All were better than average.
4	We visit Mesa often and Fran's Place will always be our favorite spot for breakfast.  Service is not fast but the food is worth the wait, you won't be disappointed.  The bacon is so flavorful, omelettes are amazing and I love that we can add onions and peppers to to the home fries!  Thank you Fran Brian and Brenda for a good ol'  American breakfast experience.
1	Went to Fran's last Friday and will not be going back.  Food was okay but Fran was rude, loud and mean.  Our server was nice and friendly but failed to bring items asked for.  I had to go to the counter to ask for.  Fran was busy being nasty to everyone.  Becuase of her nastiness we will not be going back.
4	Home made! Very unassuming! And spot on. Nothing complex and not fancy maybe even a bit grungy but a must try for a classic breakfast. Even Matt 2 says it's a 4 out of 5, though not fine dinning like Over Easy.
4	First time there. Food was very good and not so spicy that you can't eat it. You can always spice up your food if you like it that way. Service was a little scatty but overall worth the wait.  Everyone very friendly.  The place is not fancy but warm & welcoming. Will return.
1	Service was awful. I tried Tuesday special Pastie; it was horrible and way overpriced. Not a true northern Michigan pastie. Very small portion with roast beef and celery which are not ingredients in a traditional pastie.Skip this place for lunch .
4	This place is loaded with old farts but the food is decent down home fair and the service for the most part is good
4	We have gone here for breakfast a few times. It is a great breakfast place with reasonable prices and good portions. It is simple food but done correctly which seems to be hard to find nowadays. Example, order bacon extra crispy or an egg sunny side up and they will actually come to your table that way. The only advice that I would have is that dine in is a better experience than take out.
3	Simple old time American food. Nothing to shout about. It is made there ... okay. Small place. Staff was okay friendly.Coffee was like dark water - no flavor - go find a Starbucks if you want coffee.I will not eat here again. Expensive for what you get.
4	I have eaten here several times. Food is simple diner food, not over the top but really  good and home made quality. A few specialties are really outstanding (e.g. stuffed cabbage). As with any sole proprietorship, diners will experience some unevenness in service and food, but that is to be expected. If consistency (i.e. sameness) is desired, then one would probably be better off at a chain, like Appelbees.  My aging mother-in-law particularly likes it since it reminds here of a 50's era mom and pop place.
4	Super quaint and cozy (see, small and old timey) great place for breakfast. I think they are open on Friday evenings as well, but we have only been there for breakfast.  The food is home-made and you can tell everything is made with that rare ingredient, love. I highly recommend this place, but don't go expecting some fancy/trendy type place. This is old school, home cooking, with a super friendly staff!Every time I try a new breakfast place, I always scan the menu for the elusive "Monte Cristo", so I was uber-excited when I saw it on Fran's menu and quickly decided that was my order. Ordered with a side of hash browns (to which you can add grilled onions and pepper, which I recommend!) instead of fries, and patiently waited. Enjoyed a regular old cup of coffee, which was nothing special, but hit the spot!  The food arrived after a short wait (they were busy), and it was well worth it. Many Monte Cristo's are deep fried, but Frans is not, so I was very excited about that!  Great flavor, they grill the meats before adding to sandwich, and everything was in perfect proportion. And the hash browns with onions and peppers, seems simple right??  Well it's that LOVE I mentioned before, that make them extra freaking tasty. Yum. Now I am hungry.
4	Hole in the wall bliss. Yum - eeee! Honest down home comfort food. The biscuits and gravy were amazing. Hash browns are a MUST!!!
5	The wife and I have come here several times over the past year. The food and service has always been fantastic. It's a Midwest style down home cooking. The food is all made from scratch and definitely not health food!  We always come early and they are usually busy. The crowd is mostly older folks. I highly recommend the works omelet. It's one of the best breakfast places in the east valley. Definitely worth a try.
4	Small place. Never knew it was there until I looked it up on Yelp. The sausage gravy is perfect and you can tell it is homemade. The portions were perfect. The staff is friendly and the food came out faster than I expected.
4	lots of old farts talking about all ther medical issues . The food is decent , service as well. I do like the hash with eggs sunny side up ( they don't do poached)  cool little building
5	Good homemade cooking. Ma and pop place. Great service too! If you want a more intimate conversion though others can easily hear you. The crowd is mainly elderly but it doesn't matter best food ever! Glad we tried it!
5	My breakfast spot on special occasions.  I've been 10 or so times.  One time I got a waitress I've only seen that one time and the service was bad.  Every other time it was great.  Sometimes the eggs are done badly.  I've yet to find a breakfast place on planet earth that doesn't mess up eggs from time to time.  But they get it right more often than most.I gave them 5 stars, so these are nitpicks.  This place is great.These pictures of waffles are forcing me to try their waffles next time.
1	My parents read how great this place was, so we decided to try it out. We went for dinner for fish fry. It was the first night they opened for winter. They are open only Friday nights for dinner starting the begining of Nov.Well, it was horrible. Service food amount cost and cleanliness were horrible. I figured it was because it was the first night they opened. Maybe they will be better next time.So a few weeks later, i took my husband there for fish fry. Again it was horrible. We again waited 15 min just to get a menu and water. Another 15 to be waited on. Another 10 for our tiny plate of salad and another 30 for our fish dinner. Fish was soggy. The waitress said one of thier fryer machines broke and that was why the wait was so long. They had pies and desserts laid out on a machine by the front door uncovered. They had salad pre made on plates stacked on top of each other ( bottom of plated on top of salad). The ice tea tasted old. We could see the kitchen from where we sat. The cook was cutting the fish stipes on a side table that a waitress just sat dirty dishes. The cook also looked dirty and unkept. The waitresses were unprofessional and scattered. They had young teenagers in street clothes pouring water. I suppose it was one of the employees kids. The prices were high for very little nasty food. We couldnt even get a waitress to refill drinks, get some lemon or extra napkins.I have never been there for breakfast and will never go there again after I saw how food was handled and kept.  Not sure why this place has alot of great reviews. Even if their breakfast is good, look in the kitchen and cleanliness first. You probably wont eat there after.
5	The best turkey pot pie in the whole valley. A special every Thursday. If you leave hungry then you are a glutton.
1	Food was just ok. Corned beef hash from a can, bland eggs. Country fried steak was amazing. The service however was terrible. Ran out of waffle batter at 9 am on a Sunday with an empty restaurant. Was told we could get pancakes with the strawberry topping instead of waffles. Then we were told there was no strawberry topping. Spoke to Fran herself and she claimed they stopped carrying strawberries because people are allergic!?!! Our order came out wrong and the waitress actually argued with me for five minutes about what we ordered. We were there for an hour and a half and will not be back. Overpriced for what you get and just not worth it.
5	If you want to have the best breakfast in town you have got try this place. Small Town feel, wonderful service.
5	Went here this morning before Christmas shopping with the wife for the first time ! After transferring to Arizona this last August we were looking for a great breakfast place, and have to say we really enjoyed the food and the small town atmosphere here ! Nothing fancy but just great food and selection, truly happy with finding Fran's.....Will definitely be back for many more !
5	My dad Larry comes here all the time but I have only been in 3 times and today it was great. I ordered the fish is was hot and moist on the inside with a crispy crust. My daughter ordered 2 pancakes and bacon the pancakes were buttery and fluffy and the bacon was Applewood and thick slices. I really felt as though I made this meal myself. Great job to our cook Brenda and waitress Heather.
5	I have never posted anything about a restaurant on here. My wife and I go here weekly for breakfast, we've gone for lunch and tonight for their famous fish fry. We have never had a bad or even an average meal. This is the absolute best home cooking in the valley. Consistently excellent food and great service. I truly can not give words to the quality of their food. Hint, the best patty melt ever several times.
4	Tasty home style food for a good price. Clientele was an older crowd. I had the country fried steak and eggs with home fries and coffee. I enjoyed it. Service could've been a little friendlier but overall not bad for our first time there. Will be back :)
