4	I am here and ready to save the Earth, one pizza at a time. That is their motto which hangs over the bar. The word on the streets before they open did not amp up my excitement to try this place, but one visit changed all that. I went in expecting to not be impressed and walked out highly pleased. I am not sure where this establishment won me over, but they did. The onslaught of friendly faces and warm greetings was a start. My party of two was told that we could sit anywhere, which included the lounge area in front of the bar. This helped to lower my guard. George, our personable waiter, sat down to explain the menu to us. Way to disarm my barbed defenses. The suggestion of a pizza I was eyeing down gained my trust. An option for multigrain pizza crust got me to loosen up. The string of 80's classics came on and I could not resist the charms of Pizza Fusion any longer. I lost my shit when Don Henley came on. Then my Pear and Gorgonzola Pizza came out and my inner paparazzi swarmed. This pita style crust is not what I had expected, but it was still good. The sweetness of the pears and candied walnuts balanced out the saltiness of the cheese. The sesames laced throughout the crust was an indication that they were not bullshitting me with this multigrain claim. How dare they stay true to their word. I was beginning to wonder what a "glutton" free, vegan, vegetarian and eco friendly pizza joint would serve. Within an hour, they proved that dietary restrictions and eating out are not exclusive separate. All of the vegetables are organic as well. They do serve meat for all the carnivorous yelpers out there. The only complaint I have is that they send their dough through a press and it is not hand tossed. If that is the worst complaint I can come up with, it is still a victory. Next time I will go all out and get the gluten free vegan pizza. Baby steps until then.
4	What enticed me was that this new place used organic and natural ingredients - In trying to eat healthier, we wanted to give it a try.  Nice place - they have a nice wine selection as well. Staff was awesome - George was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu - and he's a comedian too!! We started with the Flatbread and dip trio - which was yummy! I t came wit an fresh artichoke spread, olive tapenade and a marinara sauce.  We ran out of the flatbread pretty quickly, and without even having to ask - George brought more!  The mini meatball slliders were also very good - enough for a meal with a side salad.  The drinks are all natural as well. And now for the pizza... so many varieties - we had the tuscan Steak and Gorgonzola pizza on whole grain crust - .DELICIOUS!! The presentation was a nice touch.  We will definitely be going back to try their sandwiches and organic brownie!!!
3	Service sucked....I know that they just opened and I will give them a chance to grow and mature but when you are standing there for 8min. and there are just 4 other people in the place and no one tells you "Go ahead and seat yourself - it kinda sucks. I even made the BF get up at some point to get us some menus....Aye!!!I mean it's not like they were swamped with customers.....Alright on to the food : I liked my Bruschetta Pizza - it was full of large roasted garlic and the tomatoes were tangy and not bland at all. The salad was OK - nothing special. The BF had the Farmer's Market Pizza and it was full of veggies and was tasty. My child had the Pepperoni Pizza that she enjoyed as well. I think the pricing is too high for what you get and I'm talking quantity wise. I know that all the ingrediants are organic which makes you feel a whole lot better about eating pizza but $9.00 for a personal pizza is too much in my opinion...Don't go there starving that's for sure unless your willing to pay....I guess they do have lunch specials during the week.They only have organic drinks so remember that their coke is healthy coke - there is a difference in taste - just ask my daughter.Inside it's decorated OK - there is style thrown in there with lime green chairs and a seperate seating area with relaxing living room furniture and a flat screen T.V. but it is small. ****Ugh, there are no seat covers in the restrooms- WHY??? - Customers end up having to use alot of toilet tissue to line the toilet seat****We did enjoy our pizza's so I have no problem saying that I will be back but I'll give them some time to improve on the service. Maybe, they should have a seat yourself sign right when you walk in, Oh and maybe a Get your own menus sign as well.....
4	I used to come to this location when it was Martino's. I miss Martino's but I'm glad that another decent food place has taken its location. A good amount of vegetarian options and pretty much everything (if not everything) is organic. The Farmer's Market pizza with multigrain crust made me feel good about eating the pizza. I've never felt so not guilty for eating pizza in my life. The stuffed zucchini was not what I expected at all. It had some mushy, brown filling that looked unappealing. It tasted great so I didn't care. This is my new pizza spot that also happens to be next to my house.
4	Being vegan and in Las Vegas the choices are minimal when it comes to pizza(other than Sammy's Woodire, there is nothing else really)..when I heard about this place opening last month I finally found time to make the trek to Anthem (where they are located in the strip mall next to Trader Joes,k--mart ,etc)When I arrived I was a little skeptical, as it appears small, in comparison to most places or chains, but there is signs posted all on the windows such as "eco this" "eco that", "organic",etc,etc - so I figured this sounds right up my alley of what I was hoping it would beWhen we arrived there was only one other table with two women having lunch, we placed our order and then  suddenly the place got slammed busy, all tables were full, and i seen a couple guys actually turning away because there was no table -and since the place is quite small (only a handful of tables), the lone waitress could not bring the food out as fast as it was ready. Our food(and all other people's)sat for a good five minutes or more before she served it to us ( by the way I am not blaming her ..she was too busy and they were grossly under staffed)To boot it was 103 degrees and the air conditioner was not working, so she was spending lots of time(unsuccessfully) trying to get it up and running, we were sitting by the thermostat and it read 82 and climbing by the minute.For Vegans the menu has the option to sub the real cheese out for soy cheese or Daiya cheese.I chose the soy cheese, while my wife took the Daiya since she loves that stuff, (me i find it a bit tangy normally) so i figured i would try this soy cheese option. My pizza was very good, i am a big pizza sauce fan, and in my opinion can make or break a pizza-this had good sauce, perhaps too much for the average person, but i usually ask for extra anyways so that was fine for me, the crust was great(they do have a multi grain crust as well which i did no try)and i did eat my whole pizza so that is a good sign there.They also have as a topping , a gardein chicken which is unheard of  to find at a pizza place, but it gives vegans an option besides just mushroom, black olive,and the other staples we are usually stuck with. I did try the gardein chicken, but probably would not the next time as its a bit too close to the real thing for my liking, and when i was not vegan i never did like chicken on my pizza in the first place.In conclusion the pizza was good, but I do not think I would drive a half hour to get it weekly, however, if you live in the area you may want to check it out for sureFor desert  one of the options was a vegan home made brownie which was quite  good also, it was two triangle brownies for 4.00 which i thought was a good buy.They also have some orangic sodas, ice teas, which i did not try personally.For you non vegans, this review was biased mainly towards vegans so i apologize but i am sure you will like it just fine.
5	this place is delicious! super excited to have options like this in vegas for people that are concerned about the functionality of their hearts and other vital organs and what not. i had the sun dried tomato something or other pizza with whole grain and vegan cheese. it made me want to break dance, or at least learn how to juggle. it was inspiring. service was great. blah blah blah words words words go eat there thank you.
4	I've had the pear and gorgonzola personal pizza on multigrain crust. For a meat lover like myself, I wasn't sure this was going to satisfy my hunger, but it did! Good size for one, didn't even finish it. Super tasty, great textures, beautiful contrast. Pizza was perfectly toasted on top as well. I've also tried the beet and feta arugula salad and added grilled chicken. Beets were fresh and the salad was filling. I will definitely be back!
4	My husband and I were quite happy to find a place that serves a delicious gluten-free pizza. Most places use some sort of frozen rice crust that I can buy myself. Pizza fusion actually makes their own gf crust-- go figure!We shared a pepperoni pie, and even my gluten-tolerant husband liked it! Normally, he grins and bears it for my sake. Good beer selection and they had sports on the television-- two must for us when it comes to pizza.Even in you aren't gluten intolerant, this place is a great choice.  In fact, I a, headin over there right now to grab some dinner.
4	Service was great. Pizza excellent. The pear and gorgonzola salad was ok. Nice atmosphere.
4	Save the earth by eating pizza? Sure! I don't think I would call this pizza, but rather flatbread. I had the Pear & Gorgonzola on multigrain, toasted walnuts, olive oil, mozzarella, provolone and parmesan, it was phenomenal. The different flavors came together perfectly. The restaurant itself was IKEA-esque moderate size and empty when I came which surprises me. Don't know if people know about this place, but we need to spread the word! The first Pizza Fusion I tried in San Diego has since closed, so I hope this location has better luck. Large craft beer selection and wine too.They also offer apps, sandwiches, salads, desserts, gluten free options, and they have a lunch special that runs 11a-4p Mon-Fri, personal cheese or pepperoni pizza and a side salad for $8.00.
5	OMG, does any more need to be said about this place???Vegan, they have two kinds of Vegan Cheese.  Vegetarian, they can accommodate that as well.  Gluten-Free pizza crust, WOW.  Vegan DESERT, YES.The food is awesome, the people are awesome and if you have not tried this place, you are missing out!!!Check online, they have nightly specials, you can order online and pick it up, or you can go in and they will treat you like royalty.We love this place and will go back often.
5	While put off by the name itself, I decided to eat lunch here with my sister. I don't really know what it is about the name, but it reminds of a place I went to during childhood that I despised. Anyway, the interior is just gorgeous. The furniture, color scheme, and overall vibe is very fun and chic. We were greeted and seated immediately. Everything on the menu sounded delicious, but I ended up with a personal sized plain cheese, pineapple topping, and original crust. It didn't take long for the pie to arrive and when it did, it was beautiful. I finished it in no time and as did my sister with her pizza. We considered ordering another but later decided against it due to other plans in the day. As for the service, our waiter was very attentive and our glasses were never devoid of water. He was willing to answer questions about the menu even though we didn't really have any. He even helped out another patron when they left their to-go boxes inside! I will definitely be back soon, as I forgot to try one of their teas or natural sodas. The children at the table near ours seemed to be really enjoying it.
4	For what this place is doing, they are doing a very good job.  I know a lot of people are very particular about their style of pizza whether it be New York or Chicago, thick crust or thin.  Pizza Fusion is doing their own kind of style based on Organic ingredients.  They offer a pretty decent multi-grain crust as well as gluten-free options.  I purchased the Groupon for this place which was two large pizzas, one appetizer, and half a house salad for $20.  What a deal!  We had the Founders on Multi-Grain and the Steak and Gorgonzola on their regular crust.  I would be very proud of myself if I could make a multi-grain crust like theirs.  It was very good without tasting too grainy.  The Founders was good but it was lacking a little flavor but the olives were a nice touch.  The Steak and Gorgonzola had a lot going on and was very tasty.  The crust was more like a baked pita than pizza crust but again, this is what they're going for, I think.Overall it was a great eating experience.  Especially for the price we paid.  I never really looked at the prices but was told later that they are around $20 per pizza.  That seems a little steep to me but they run some great specials Mon-Thurs that include free pizzas, 1/2 price drinks, etc.  I would go back with another Groupon but not sure if I would pay full price.  In my opinion, any pizza over $17 is pretty expensive.  However, if you're looking for Organic, Healthier, or Gluten Free options, this might be your place!
1	do not waste you money bought the groupon coupon got 2 large pizzas and a salad and an appeitzer for 20.00 went to pick it up got a half salad spent 10.00 for the beet salad which was good but hardly enough for 2 people,the pizza was 2 large that fit in one pizza box and was like chewing cardboard, won't do it again rather go to the sports bar on las vegas blvd you get a large cheese pizza which is out of this world and a pound and a half of wings and 12 chicken fingers for 30.00 bucks out of this world food and great price bye bye pizza fusion!
2	On a thursday night, we ordered the mini-meatball sliders (7), fusion house salad half (5), and 2 L specialty pizzas, tuscan steak and gorgonzola (21) and big kahuna (19) using the $20 groupon + having to pay an extra 5 + tip. - horrible phone service. 1st call, the man who picked up and said bad reception call later, bye and immediately hung up. we called again to ask about their SPECIALTY pizzas are and he said we make everything and started listing toppings. WTF!- Don't call them on the phone.- not much seating. 20min wait time for 2. - dirty table. not cleaned well. crumbs and toppings all over seats. - 3 mini-meat ball sliders, good! crispy yet chewy toast. tasted like ciabatta. small, reason why its called an appetizer.  - lame salad. "buy a whole bag at smiths for 3 bucks." - LARGE pizza for "you and date" WTF. more like SMALL.- well done tuscan steak pieces. very flavorful. :)- big kahuna was nothing special. a hawaiian style pizza with more bacon. - compared to RT pizza, maui zaui is way better.  PF is not the best pizza i ever tasted.- not interested in a "healthy pizza". nice concept tho. i'm sure the bandwagoners jumped on it. i prefer the greasy pan pizza :).- organic garlic salt!!! :) cooooool- READ THE FINE PRINT! the GROUPON is valued up to $48! you will pay more unless you get a boring pizza. - overall, lame service, pretty good pizza (only with the groupon) and nice that proceeds to go share our strength.
5	This place is great! Excellent customer service, great food, and reasonable prices. VERY HAPPY that they have Vegan options. Love that they have specials throughout the weekdays, this will undoubtedly bring us in more frequently. It's a nice, quaint little place that I consider good for families and good for a date night too. I would say what separates them from other pizza places is their care on their environmental impact, the Vegan options (they have a Lot), and the ability to get your child a healthy organic juice while you sip on a glass of wine. Highly recommend trying!!!
2	If my review were based on food alone, it'd be 4, maybe 5 stars.  But the service really drags it down and makes the whole experience a huge waste of time.The place is small, so you've gotta wait.  No big deal.  The problems began when we were seated at a table with, what amounted to, half of a pizza (in scraps and crumbs) on the floor.Next, the service was awful.  Parts of orders were wrong, there was zero eye contact, and lots of rushing around to get back to a conversation with a friend.  Not cool.  Everything took FOREVER.  On a busy night, I expect to wait a little for food if the kitchen gets swamped.  I don't expect to wait 15 minutes for a water.  This guys also had the personality of a goldfish.  Clearly, any service industry job is just not for him.The pizzas we had were very tasty.  Nothing to complain about.  Food was mostly hot and the portions were adequate.  I also had the brownie for dessert.  Just skip it.  They make yummy pizza but miss the mark on the baked goods.
3	They have a well-intentioned concept which I appreciate, but it wasn't as good as I had hoped. I purchased the Groupon for Pizza Fusion recently and decided to come here with my fella on Sunday for lunch. We started with a salad and meatball sliders. We had our hearts set on stuffed mushrooms, but they were out. The salad was pretty sad. The lettuce was dry and the toppings were sparse. The dressing that came on the side was ok, but on this rare occasion, I wish the dressing came on top of the salad, so that it could have absorbed the flavors a little better. The meatball sliders were ok. The bread was a bit dry, but I enjoyed the meatballs and the tomato sauce, so ate the filling out of the sandwiches.For our entrees, I ordered the founder's special pizza and my fella settled on the tuscan steak and gorgonzola pizza. When the pizzas came out, I felt really overwhelmed. They were ENORMOUS! I was only able to eat about one slice before getting full. My fella only had about three and was done. That left about 1 3/4 pizzas left to take home with us. The steak and gorgonzola was pretty good. The meat was a little dry, but the pizza had good flavors and I really enjoy their tomato sauce. It has a sweeter taste than most pizza places, but it was nice. My pizza was a little heavy on the kalamata olives. I'm usually a big fan of olives, but all the flavors were overwhelmed with olive that I couldn't really enjoy anything else about the pizza. The chicken was a bit dry as well. If I came back, I'd avoid the olives. Actually, the pizzas tasted a lot more moist and flavorful after letting them sit in their to go boxes for a little bit, weirdly.All in all, we had a good dining experience and next time I'll be prepared for leftovers or bring some friends to share with me next time!
1	Some friends and I wanted to get some pizza after Crepe Shack next door (yes, dessert before dinner) and this place looked awesome.  Really clean interior, great decor, and they served beer.  Woo!We walked in and the restaurant was mostly empty on a Friday night.  No one was at the host stand so we waited by there and chatted.  When a dirty blonde-haired worker walked by with a beer we asked if they sold pizza by the slice.  He didn't even look in our direction and gave us a condescending, "No. No, we do not."  Um, okay.  We chatted about whether or not to eat for another minute or two and when he walked by us again he didn't even look our way.  Didn't offer us a menu, a seat, anything.At that point, we decided to bounce.  I would rather my money go towards someplace that doesn't have rude service.  Sucks, too, because I was really interested in trying some vegan pizza and making this a part of my going out rotation.
5	Thank you Groupon.  I have been wanting to try this place but I am always scared of spending alot of money and not leaving happy.  I must say this was the BEST pizza I have had in a very long time.  We will be back.
5	We got carryout for this round of pizza noshing and I was thoroughly thrilled with our order! We got two large pizzas and a small side salad for about $35. I can't have gluten and I'm thrilled to have a new go-to pizza place! Try the Pear and Gorgonzola...so delish!
2	I agree with another reviewer that it is a well intentioned concept.  Decor and atmosphere was, clean, comfortable and inviting.  Service wasn't great, but was OK.  If the food was better I would plan a return trip, but it was unfortunately not good.We are gluten free family so we were excited to hear that they had many GF options for us.  Ordered the Vegetarian Antipasto, Flat bread Trio, Chicken Caesar Salad, and 2 pizzas.  All GF versions.  It was disappointing.  GF crust and flat bread was hard and tasteless.  My GF homemade pizza crust and packaged versions I get from Whole Foods were 100 times better.  Sauce on the pizza was too sweet.  The salad was drowning in dressing, Antipasto was also tasteless,  Flat bread was not good and the dips were mediocre.  So bummed that it wasn't better.  Hoping to check back in on Yelp and see and improvement and maybe we'll give it another shot.  Would really like to see more "healthy" and organic restaurants in Henderson.
2	One of the most disappointing pizzas I have ever had. They tried to over Foo Foo pizza and the flavors just didn't work for me. I should have known to keep walking when they have a GIANT Blue Moon sign in the window and the server tells us they don't serve Blue Moon... Huh?
5	love this place! Im not a vegetarian, but their veggie pizza is AWESOME! The service has improved a lot since they opened and the wraps are yummy. PLUS they have a selection of organic wines : )
4	Really great pizza and awesome business model. I think they need to get themselves a bit more oriented to conducting business as the service isn't all that great and a little confusing at times.
2	I don't eat pizza often- except Grimaldi's which I adore- and really wanted to like this place based on the concept. The pizza (greek and home pie) both came covered in salty overwhelming black olive mixture that should've been used very sparingly.  The toppings were sparse and this truly is not pizza- it's a rectangular flat bread.  My house salad was tiny and plain.  I give them two stars for their beer and wine selection.  This place left me and my boyfriend wishing we'd gone to our usual spot on Eastern- Grimaldi's.   Heck- even the pre-made pizza dough do-it-yourself stuff at Trader Joe's (it's in the same parking lot) tastes been WAY better.  We ordered for pickup- had we sat in the restaurant maybe the quality would've been better??  I'm not going back to find out.
4	I actually like this place a lot. The portions were generous and the food kept well in a to go container. My girl had a Groupon, so we saved a lot by using that. My gorgonzola and steak pizza was very good and even though I have a hearty appetite, I was only able to eat three slices before throwing in the towel and asking for a box to go.
2	I wanted to like this place but its WAY over priced, I didnt like the crust either (Everyone has a different opinion on crust) I got the Large Vegan 17 bucks and it wasnt that big or good.....The Vegan Pizza at Whole Foods is way better and cheaper..The people and the place itself are very nice......
4	I really like the feel of this place, kind of has that new age organic feel but isn't too trendy or take itself too seriously.  So you get the benefit of fresh ingredients that actually taste like they are supposed to without the Birkenstocks and ponchos.  First bonus was that they had Samuel Adams Octoberfest on tap and served nicely chilled.  For my non beer drinker friend they had an excellent Aces Cider.  This isn't your fast food Pizza Hut pizza quickly thrown together with bagged ingredients, for the record i do enjoy stuffed crust pizza. We ordered the classic pepperoni, pear and Gorgonzola and the big kahuna.  By far the best pizza was the big kahuna and I'm not normally a Hawaiian pizza kind of guy but this was awesome.  They used generous amounts of bacon on top of all the fresh ingredients including pineapple, red onion with provolone, mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.The Pepperoni was excellent due to it being real pepperoni and not that greasy cheap stuff you find hanging in the grocery store.  And the surprise of the nigh was the Pear and Gorgonzola pizza.  I'm a meat eater by nature but this was a tasty treat that flowed well together for my tastes.  In a group of six only two weren't too impressed with it and it was due to the Gorgonzola cheese being an acquired taste.  So if your looking to try something new in the pizza world this would be a highly recommended place to visit.
4	I love this place because I can get Vegan pizza and desserts. It's one of the only places in Vegas that I've been able to find animal-free pizza! And I missed pizza!
5	The four cheese and sundried tomato pizza is as good as the pizza I ate in Italy.  By far the best pizza in town.  I'm getting hungry just writing this review.  My only complaint is that they serve gross tasting organic soft drinks.  Blech!
5	We just got back from Pizza Fusion.  We did have a Groupon coupon.  I don't understand why reviewers were so critical of the salad.  Perhaps in the past it was not the same as what we experienced, but it was fine.  It is a house salad with s spring mix of greens, red onion, and tomato.  It was good and large for a half-salad.  The zucchini appetizer was okay.  We would not get it again if we had to pay $7 for it.  The pizza was very good.  We had the pear and garganazola (sp?) pizza.  That was exceptional.  We loved the multigrain crust.The tuscan beef pie was good, but the other pie was head and shoulders above it.  The service was fine, actually quite friendly.  They were not crowded at all.  The waiter knew a lot about the excellent beer selection that they had.  The wine selection was nice and they had a special of $5 a glass on a few wines.We will be back.  It's flat-bread pizza so if you're expecting something else, you need to go elsewhere.
4	Love this place, we usually don't eat much pizza because my son is lactose intolerant, but they had a soy cheese that was really good. i couldn't tell the difference. This place looks like it was made over by the resteraunt impossible team.
4	-1 star off the bat for customer service when I walked in to get my TAKEOUT order!! It's never a good thing when they are not friendly from the minute you walk in the door.Aside from that, love their motto. This place offers thin thin crust, so know that from the start!
5	My wife and I, with kids in tow tried this just looking for a new place after stopping by the pumpkin patch this evening. Fantastic pizza. We will without a doubt be returning... Pizza is made by the quality ultimately of the ingredients. This place uses high quality organic produce and it makes a huge difference. Nice and clean inside. Good beer selection. Not too big, not too small. Great service. There is nothing to dock them on. We personally ordered the farmers market pizza with a wheat crust. If you like veggies... go for this one.
3	We love the beet and feta salad!The blond young waitress was loud and rude, texting, boasting that she made $102 in tips on a Wed, took money out of the register to get a coffee from next door, loud, swearing, proud that her rent check bounced and she pays less to her bills because at least then she feels like an adult (nope cannot make this up), trying to not drink for at least two days....hello all in front of my 8 year old...Guess I will be making my own beat & feta salad!
4	My wife and I discovered this place when we were going to Trader Joe's.  It was a great find.  We try to eat non GMO food when we can they seem to use mostly organic items.
5	We went here with a groupon and it was AWESOME! Our server was great, friendly NO complaints. The food, INCREDIBLE!!! Everything tasted so A female serial killer in ancient Rome was punished for her crimes by being raped by a giraffe. and so tasty!!! Even if we didnt have a groupon, we all agreed we would have been completely satisfied and will definitely be returning in the future. SO GOOD!!! :)
5	Food was excellent. Got a groupon to try them out (2 large pizza, half house salad and an appetizer).So we ordered half/half on both our pizza. Half Big Kahuna/Half Tuscan Steak & Gorgonzola, Half 4 Cheese & Sun-dried Tomato/Half same but with pepperoni, house salad, stuffed mushroom and for desert the chocolate hazelnut crostata.Everything tasted delish. I will have to say that, if you go here for dinner, make sure you are not "starving marvin" or in a pinch for time. This is a small tiny place with about only 3 workers. 2 cooks and 1 main guy as the waiter. The place gets pretty packed and we were there for a total of 2 hrs, half the time waiting on service and our order.  It is a bit pricey. If I didn't have a groupon, my total after tax and tips would've came out to about $70 but since I had a groupon and I only had $7 extra to pay, after tax & tip I paid a total of $36. Not too bad for all that great yummy food.
4	We had, as I'm sure many others did, the groupon.  We ordered a big kahuna and the steak and gorgonzola for our pizzas, and the stuffed mushroom appetizer.  The salad was a typical salad, but the crouton was large, thin and clearly homemade.  It was a nice departure from the super market squares you typically get.  The stuffed mushrooms tasted mostly of sausage, which was the main ingredient.  So, no issues there.The pizzas were excellent.  The only complaint was my wife thought the big kahuna had "too much bacon."  I told her that's not a thing.  I loved it, but a few more pineapple pieces would have been good.  The steak/gorgonzola was also excellent.  Crispy fresh peppers and a substantial amount of steak.  I could use more cheese, but what dish couldn't use more blue cheese?This place is not close to us, but it's worth the drive.  We will be back.Also, the 2 servers I dealt with were fantastic.  Very very friendly.
4	Finally tried Pizza Fusion yesterday...well, we kinda had to since the Groupon voucher expires today...  So glad I purchased the voucher because the pizzas were delish!-Appetizer: Stuffed mushrooms - I don't enjoy italian sausage because of the strong fennel seed, but Pizza Fusion got it right.  The mushrooms were stuffed with italian sausage, topped with creamy goat cheese.  The goat cheese cut down the fennel seed taste and it was an awesome combination.  There were a total of six stuffed mushrooms.-1/2 Fusion House Salad: It's a typical salad...-Big Kahuna: bacon overload and several pieces of organic pineapple, very yummy.  We got this on original crust.  We both enjoyed this pizza.-Pear and Gorgonzola:  Winner!  We got this on the multi-grain crust.  There were walnuts on this pizza and this is sooooo  good.We also got the organic soda, a zero cola and orange cream soda.  The zero cola tasted watered down, no bueno, but the orange cream soda was tasty.Will we come back...Heck yeah!  True, it's pretty pricey, but lucky for us, we don't eat pizza often.  However, when we do crave for pizza, we will definitely have Pizza Fusion on the top of our list.
4	This pizza joint was smaller than I expected, but packed plenty of punch in the taste department.  Service was friendly and efficient.  Availability of alternative dough for your pizza flatbread was nice (options: traditional, multigrain and gluten-free).Founder's Pie:  Free range chicken, kalamata olives, roasted red onion, tomato sauce, parmesan, mozzarella, provolone and gorgonzola.  It has a good combination of ingredients, and is highly recommended.Tuscan Steak and Gorgonzola: Steak, gorgonzola, tri-color peppers, roasted red onions, parsley, tomato sauce, mozzarella, provalone and parmesan.  This was okay, the beef on the pizza does not resemble those on the photo on the web site, and is more than cooked.  Otherwise, the flavors are good.Appetizer:  Tried the Stuffed Mushrooms. Each order comes with six, and is a delicious treat for your mouth.Decor: 4/5  It does reminds me of IKEA plastic furnitures.  Food:  4.5/5  Good flavor profiles on the pizzas we ordered.Service:  4.5/5  No complaint here.Parking:  4/5  Plentiful.Price:  3.5/5  A wee on the $$ side, but you get what you pay for in terms of yumminess.
3	Gotta love the whole saving the earth theme, being eco friendly, and a menu variety that has a lot of healthier, organic foods and foods that cater to special dietary needs (gluten, lactose free, vegan, vegetarian)What's not to love is the price value for your meal and sorry to say ..ugh...the pizza and appetizer I tried. The combinations all sound great, it's just the crust and tomato sauce I wasn't too crazy about.  I tried the Founders Pie that was recommended by the server. The toppings were chicken, kalamata olives, red onions and 4 cheeses(mozz, provo, parm and Gorgonzola) and also tried the Farmers Market one with 3 cheeses (mozz,provo and parm) roasted artichoke hearts, zucchini and portobello. Both times I tasted the pizza I wasn't too thrilled with the sauce on it. It was too thick and pasty, just like the one that comes out of a can. Too much olives made it even saltier tasting and the multigrain crust was too dry and tasteless. The cheeses and veggies were good and that's about it.    Then there's the appetizer I ordered. The zucchini alforno. ..roasted zucchini with vegetarian stuffing, when I asked what was that, my server said it was an olive tapenade. Sound good to me, Iove zucchini and olives so go for it Shirl! When the order was placed on my table, it sure didnt look visually appetizing, not one bit. Took a bite and blech! Zuchinni wasnt roasted enough, still too crunchy and the vegetarian dip was just straight up gross. Too vinegary for my palate I guess. On a positive note, the only thing I ordered that I like the first time I tried and came back for and ordered again, is the Pear Gorgonzola salad!   Arugula and Romaine salad greens were cold and crisp, love the candied walnuts and the crunchy sweet pears that topped the salad. The salad was the only winner.  Staff was friendly but service was a hit and miss both times. Didn't know if it was seat yourself or wait to be seated. Felt ignored the first time around with the waiter/host not acknowledging my existence for a good minute. When I finally caught his attention he just pointed to a table for me to be waited at.  Took another few minutes till I put in my request for a drink..then order main meal.  My food came out pretty quick.  Second time, around, different staff, I was greeted as soon as walked in the door, and got waited promptly, food came out quick but then my server was MIA  and I had wanted to order another drink but he didnt show up till it was time to present the check, oh well.   I dont order pizza much anyways when I go to pizza joints but with the mediocore service issues I dont think it's enough for me come back as often as I would like to come to get a salad.   That's too bad, they have a nice concept going.
5	Sad day.  Went there for our favorite Vegan Farmers Market pizza but they were gone. Wasn't the end of the world but an end to having good family style pizza with fresh organic ingredients.  Too bad :(
1	Pretty awful.  I guess if you need to be gluten free this is your place but it was a bad experience, and on top of that it was expensive.
