5	Today's $5 tuna footlong was more delicious than the top 10% of tuna subs I have consumed at any Subway. The restaurant is clean and fully stocked upon entering. The chip rack didn't look anemic and the beverage station was clean as well.I enjoy the new $5 footlong promotion with breakfast, lunch and dinner sub specials. Thanks for making the tuna mix just a tad bit on the creamy side, that really makes a difference.
4	Subway is decent. But better sub shops are out there. 5 dollar foot longs are a deal when your hungry. Friendly staff and nice clean layout. They dont mind requests as in Extra Sauce and whatnot. Though the microwave was down which was a bummer because i like it to be microwaved and not toasted but oh well. I shall be back.
4	This month their $5 foot long is the ham and turkey sandwich! I get it with 9 grain bread, lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapenos and honey mustard. I need to go back again before the end of the month!
3	Customer service is average. It is just like any other subway, not bad, not great, just a sandwich place
2	Yep it's Subway with subs made your way with your choice of bread which now includes flat bread that is really good.My hubby took me here for lunch one day while we were out and about running errands around town. He decided to try a flat bread sandwich and let me tell you the bread is fresh and delicious! I think I will try my sandwich on the flat bread next time because that was a real winner!I usually get the meatball marinara, spicy Italian or veggie delight depending on my mood.The subs are standard at each Subway, what makes your experience good or bad, hit or miss really depends on the employee behind the counter at the time. There is no real consistency as some employees are more generous then others with the toppings.It is annoying to have to ask them to add more lettuce or tomato to your sub which is necessary when you can barely see it on your sandwich. On this visit I had to ask for more of everything including purple onion as I kid you not she put 3 little pieces on my FOOT LONG!I don't know why we continue to visit this location as the service sucks sour balls!. It is the same lady who looks at you as if she has more important duties to do like mop the floors. Which while we dined she was sweeping by our table at our feet. That is a pet peeve of mine, sweeping while I am eating. We were the only damn people in there at the time, she could have waited until we were gone. Well as I have come to realize in life not everyone has common sense.This particular female employee is consistent in her personality I have to say, she looks and talks as if she is giving a speech at a funeral. She has been there every time we have gone I swear she must be the only employee there. This was our last visit for sure, she just confirmed and made that decision for us. Anyhow, there are lots of Subways around town so it will be easy to pass this one up along the way.
4	Nice staff and fresh food! I'm only here like every other day!
4	Umm they pretty much had me sold on the simple fact that they're open 24/hours... Being a VIP Host in Vegas that's like super legit because we work ridiculous hours and we're always hungry! Lol
2	Service is slow when there's few people and being near the bus stop, they need to step it up for those in a hurry!
1	Ok, it's subway.... I love subway. This review is about the staff that was working Friday, August 8th around 5:30. A friend went in to get me the sub with simple but specific directions. Veggie sub on a flat bread, don't let them warm up the flatbread ! How good do u think it would taste to put cold veggies on warm bread ? It's disgusting & makes the veggies slimy. Unfortunately The staff insisted they HAD to warm it up, after repeatedly being asked not to. Then sent him off with a footlong sub with nearly no soggy (from the warm bread) veggies. This is my fav thing & it was so bad I couldn't eat it & it had to be thrown out.... I work I'm the service industry & normally empathize with the staff, not this time.
