1	I like and use the Panda Express on N power, but this PE is closer to my house so I gave it a try. They were so nasty there I have not returned in over a year and probably never will. I got the feeling if I was non-white I would have been better served. In the 100 plus times I have eaten out in Mesa, this was a first. I am respectful of all peoples.
3	I don't eat fast food often but every once in a while I really crave panda! Their prices are good for how much food you get. This location is always fast, friendly, and the food is always hot. My favorites are the bejing beef and the orange chicken. The chow mein and fried rice are good. They usually give you a coupon on the receipt for the next time where you can get an extra item free. I also noticed that they are now serving brown fried rice. It is nice to have a healthier option available. They followed with the new California regulations and have calories posted on all the items. Knew it was bad but now it is confirmed! Still so good sometimes!
1	Extremely small portions and horrible customer service. All of the employees seemed to be having their own conversations among themselves and really didn't seem to want to help anyone.
1	Worst Panda Express ever! Possibly the worst meal we've ever spent money on. My hubby made the mistake of not checking the boxes of food before he left the restaurant. He came home with dinner. His teriyaki chicken was black, too burnt to eat. My beef and broccoli had one piece of beef and the fried rice was just rice and a little hard. Absolutely disgusting. Avoid this Panda Express by far the worst experience I've had with them.
1	Do NOT bother going to this Panda Express!! Besides being rude beyond belief I have gone in 2 times in the last couple weeks and they never have the brown rice. Once was even at opening time!!! No apology just rude comments. Don't bother, go to one of the other places to eat nearby.
1	This place is ridiculous. I went inside and stood in line for 10 minutes watching the staff just screw around in the kitchen every 30 seconds looking over at me right in the eyes while they weren't doing anything. It was very frustrating as a customer, I walked out and I'll never walk back into this place again.
3	I honestly can't say much about this place.  Mediocre fast food.  The store was clean & the service was fast.  I would rather the walnut shrimp not be stuck together.  Also, when someone asks to try something that means try not scoop a big spoonful on the plate.I said, "Oh no, I only wanted to try.  Never had that one"Her reply, "Oh, I like it."Well the place was clean, food was fresh & I left full.
4	I stop in every now and then with the wife and kiddo and it's always the same; fast, friendly service, and the food is good. They give you a decent amount for a fair price, too. The restaurant is clean, and we never wait long. Definitely can't complain.
4	Food is what it is. Service however was great. Had a laundry list order and they got me in and out in a matter of minutes. Everything correct with the special orders and friendly as well. I've picked up food for this group before and most people look at the order and frown. These guys said no problem.
4	Service was good and place is clean. The line was fast. All food was there and making more in the back. This was also at lunch time when it's the busiest. Food tasted fine.
