5	The five stars is not for the MAA's pristine locker room, super up to date work out equipment, or the monthly art exhibitions around the club, although those things are all great. The ultimate win about this gym is the high caliber and large selection of the exercise classes. There are more calsses to choose from here than at any gym I've ever seen, and the times of the classes vary to accommodate unorthodox schedules. And most importantly, these classes are challenging. I have been to many a gym where the teacher of the aerobics class appears to not want to break a sweat. The classes here are for people who actually want to improve their fitness.The variety of the classes is also unusually wide - there are the standard spinning, yoga, aerobics etc, but tthe MAA also offers some atypical choices - jukari, benderball, anti-gravity yoga. It's a little pricey as far as gyms go, but not insane cost-wise, and it's totally worth it.
5	I LOVE THIS GYM! I used to work out here when I lived in Montreal, and having now been to a few other gyms since moving, I have to say that by far this is the best gym I have ever been to. They offer a wide variety of group classes, and I'm a sucker for their spinning classes. Staff is very friendly, the locker rooms are incredibly clean, and there is a Chandelier in the front entrance! They really know how to make you feel special here
5	How did I live in Montreal for 9 years and not hear about this place once?I am a food addict, no surprise there, but I am also an exercise addict and this gym located downtown on Peel just north of Maisonneuve has me hooked.Nice newish cardio machines, each one with their own cable tv,  tons of group classes in 4 studios:  dance, hot yoga, cardio, spinning.  A pool, squash courts, a bistro, nice locker rooms, sauna and steam room and just overall really brilliant customer service and clientele. It is about double what you'd pay at Nautilus, but in my opinion it's worth every dollar. one of the best kept secrets of the city.
