1	would like to find out how one get the name of the office manager or director of the Tropicana location center. I went there for my background check, never having had one done did not know what to expect. I was fingerprinted and while the employee entered my personal information into the computer she talked non stop about living in Hawaii. I was trying to think of a polite way to ask her to please stop talking while inputting my info as this was important that it be correct. Have no idea if she did it correctly or not. then she got up and just walked away. i waited a moment and then walked back out and found her at the front desk. i ask her if there was anything else i needed to do and has she explained that i needed to hold onto the piece of paper she stamped and send it in with my application and test results she was walking me toward the exit and so i said thank you and left. The following day it occurred to me that she did not ask me for payment. i called the 800 nbr (california) and they stated they take all credit cards at that location. so the following day i went back down there and she was afraid to enter my payment because it would show up on a different date then when i came in and she stated, "i'm afraid they'll fire me" and then noticed i had handed her a Discover card, and with great relief she said they do not accept Discover. I didnt have anything else with me. she wrote her personal cell phone nbr on a post it note, handed it to me and said, "it really doesnt matter, i dont think it would get caught, but you can call me on my personal cell and give me your credit card information thats a Visa or MC". My husband and I both know this is wrong on so many levels. I am now filled with anxiety that she did not enter my info in correctly because of her non stop chatter and after reading some reviews I am quite certain I should also be concerned about how they will handle my exam for my Real Estate license when I return to have that done. Wow. Very incompetent and no integrity at all. This is not the proper way to conduct a business.
2	This place is dingy, dirty and while the staff might be friendly they are def not efficient. They have major payment issues such as not taking cash, credit card or check ONLY money orders for walk in tests fees. I paid online once and did not pass. Boo! Then when I came back as a walk in I had to run over to Walmart to get the 15$ money order that the test required that the staff did not tell me about but another test taker. I passed my test and got my paperwork. I told the lady that I had not paid the 100$ test retake fee she informed me that "someone did." umm who...the tooth fairy? Whatever guess I got my test free thanks PSI. For a company that yields so much income they really should of spent it on chairs that don't squeak throughout your whole test. Oh wait they forget to collect payments...maybe they are yielding much! Hope I never have to come back here.
1	This place really sucks.  It is a necessary evil because it is the only place in town but it is a horrible business.  They won't accept phone calls so they can't give any information except over the web.  These guys needs some competition.
4	This staff was friendly and very helpful. It wasn't the cleanest place ever, but it wasn't absolutely terrible either. Everyrhing went smoothly for me.
2	Is there a dress code for the post office psi test? I dont know if im supposed to come in dress to impress or not.
