5	Good exercise, great place to meet people and loud music to keep you energized!! Play is every Tuesday and Wednesday from 7-9 pm Tuesday is  league nights, its easy to join (no experience required) and Wednesday is our open gym night, $7 per person. Come and hop on the court, there are no designated teams.  check our website for more info www.letsplaydodgeball.com
1	Ran by two guys who only want your money and don't care about their players.  They allow and condone sexual harassment to take place while in their league and the harasser gets "talked to" about 5+ times and the girl gets told "ignore him, be a big girl" sexual harassment is no joke; but you ask for help and protection from the owners and they ask you not to come back and play. After 6 months asking for help from one owner all you get is ignored calls, but he also takes advantage of girls in his league himself.  The other owner SEES the inappropriate touching with his own eyes and is too weak to protect the MULTIPLE women this man was harassing.  I was forced to take legal action through the superior court to get protection from this guy. I guess we live in a sexist world where men are allowed to touch and harass women and it's ok as long as you "just ignore it."Update: the state of AZ has found these instances and months of spreading rumors and lies as harassment and a restraining order has been issued. So this harassment should have been taken seriously many months ago, and I have asked over 20 times over a 6 month period to have this guy removed from league without success. With this new information I still have not received an apology for this harassment not being handled correctly from NDO. Waiting for a call still. They not only allow Men to sexually harass women but they allow sexual harassment from males to other males and think it's funny even when men express they feel uncomfortable. Johnny is guilty of touching men and messaging them inappropriate messages and texts to straight men hence why he loves the owners.  They condone his behavior so of course he's in support of these two men.Funny how the judge deems these actions harassment in less than an hour and it takes these two men 8 months to do ANYTHING about this situation after being asked weekly to get this creeper removed. So if you want to be harassed by straight men and gay men this is the league for you.
5	This is a great sport for casual and competitive play.  Fun group of people!
5	Super fun. I started playing a year ago, helped me get in better shape and I met a lot of cool people.
5	In response to Nicole r.'s review keep in mind folks that she was reprimanded for unsportsmanlike conduct....to put it nicely...both parties involved were reprimanded and this harassment she speaks of she too has harassed people. I and this league do not allow or condone harassment of any kind but trust she is not the innocent angel she is trying to portray herself as. Such issues are very minimal and dealt with accordingly, this is her retaliation for being banned for reasons not related to her post. This group is mostly a group of amazing people and we have great times together. Before them I didn't have many close friends. The ones I've made are the mist fun trusting people I've met and feel lucky to call friends. I wouldn't trade anything in the world for them or for such a great sport!!!!
5	I cannot put into words how much I love this organization. Since I started playing almost two years ago, I've met so many amazing people. I look forward to the days I can play dodgeball and miss it when I can't make an open gym. I would highly recommend dodgeball to anyone who needs to fulfill their competitive cravings while maintaining a fun and friendly environment.
5	This is a great organization, and is part of a bigger group of organizations working hard to further the sport. Nicole R.'s review is tactless and completely false. The only reason I'm writing this (across state lines!) is to help spread the love as much as she's spreading her scorn. To try and smear their name and reputation due to issues surrounding her personal life is ridiculous. This is a place for people to come together and play a recreational sport and maybe make friends along the way. Dirty laundry needs to be kept at home.Regarding this harassment she speaks of - she was given the option months ago to get this guy kicked out of the organization, even after she waited weeks to report any incident that occurred between them... Regardless, any sort of harassment is, and was, taken seriously, and SHE opted to let him off with a slap on the wrist. They were prepared to kick this guy to the curb. Now that a series of unrelated events she has created around herself have painted her in an ugly light, she takes to a public forum to retaliate against 2 guys that don't deserve this. 2 guys that have the RIGHT to protect their business against the trail of drama that follows this girl.
5	This is a wonderful group of people that have come to be close friends. Its a great sport and we all end up doing other things together outside of dodgeball....kick all, tournaments, house parties, pub crawls and it's always fun. Ms. Nicoles .is guided attempt to slam the owners and the sport as whole comes in response to her being banned for harassing one of the owners and overall being a drama queen. Trust any and all reports of harassment are handled appropriately, a drunken mistake she made bit her in the end. She was given the choice to have her mistake banned but opted not to yet continued to rehash the issue with anyone who'd listen. Combined with previous repeated issues that she caused because of her own insecurities resulted in her being permanently banned end of story. Whenever any group of people get together there will always be some level of drama and the guys who run this league do a GREAT job of keeping it minimal and without involving anyone who doesn't need to be involved...love these guys!!!
