4	I really love going to Bloom.  I have recently converted from Food Lion and I'll tell ya why.  First of all, the selection is sooooo much better.  The deli is fresh, the produce is fresh, and the store itself is much cleaner and well-kept.   They have all kinds of nifty little features, like a scanner you can carry with you while you shop to scan your items and know your total.  You can also use their website to create a shopping list and pick it up when you get to the store.  The staff is friendly and there are lots of choices within products (i.e. more than two brands per item like the Food Lion).  They also run weekly specials, including double and triple coupons.  Price wise, it's closer to Harris Teeter than Food Lion, but the selection and overall vibe of the store makes it worth it.  I highly recommend!
2	I'm just not feelin' this place.  The concept of Bloom is to be this forward-thinking, modern grocery store that caters to all budgets and "styles" of shoppers.  In reality it's nothing more than your run-of-the-mill grocery store.  Nothing special AT ALL in my opinion.  For me, the two areas they suffer/lack most are in their pricing and service.  Around the corner from my house is a Lowe's Foods and a Harris Teeter is just down the way, and I find Bloom's pricing to be pretty much the same as those two more 'upscale' stores.  At least for the items we buy.  And selection is by far inferior to the other two.  As far as service goes, especially with such comparable pricing (and call it snootiness if you will!), I just don't like having to unload my own cart.  As horrible and cheesy and lazy as that sounds (it's ok, I can embrace them all!), I pay pretty much the same at the other guys & receive more 'attentive' service, plus I find the staff @ Lowe's and HT to be MUCH more knowledgeable, helpful, and FRIENDLY.  I really don't find the quality of food (produce, meats, etc) to be any better than the other guys either, so what exactly is there to entice me to shop at Bloom?  There's no Food Lion around my house, but I know they can be a tad sketchy at times (generally speaking), so maybe that's their only claim to fame.  But if you're going to be priced the same as Lowe's and HT with inferior quality products AND mediocre service, then what exactly do you have to offer other than those little handheld scanners?  Sorry, that isn't enough to bring me in.So, in the end, if I'm looking for low/cheap prices, then I'll head down the way to SuperTarget or Wal-Mart.  Otherwise I'm sticking to Lowe's since they give me everything I need & I usually end up with pretty good deals using my Lowes Rewards card.  Of course HT fulfills my sweet tooth when I'm dying for a dozen fresh Krispy Kreme donuts!! :)~
1	Yuck. I only went here to use the Redbox. The employees are apathetic and there is always a line. Layout and display reminds me of an old Piggly Wigglys.
3	This FOOD LION store (Not Bloom) is alright... Usually stocked fairly well, maybe had a couple of items i needed to ask for but found everything else... Not a bad place to get your Coupon fix. 3/5 starts 5/10 rating, just another supermarket.
