2	This has been my regular stop to pick up food for my gecko and my rabbits. The staff was friendly (but not very helpful) and it was convenient and had what I needed, plus I could just grab mealworms from the fridge without having to wait around for someone to get them for me.But I won't be going there anymore, because apparently they're phasing out their rabbit supplies. They will still have stuff for ferrets, chinchillas, and sugar gliders, but no rabbit supplies? Well...uh...that's stupid. Sorry Pets Inc., it was good while it lasted.
5	I rarely went there unless I needed something specific for my dog, like a leash or collar. For food, I just go to Tempe Feed and Tack (se their review).Anyway, I'm reviewing this place anyway, because they are phasing out all the general pet stuff to focus stricyly on reptiles and fish. I think that's cool, and frown on "pet" stores that have dogs and cats that cost $300 and are inbred anyway. this way, if you're in to turtles, lizards or snakes, you have a place to ask weird questions about your pet. or if you're thinking about getting a turtle, you can find out which one would be right for you. when i did go there for help with a specialized leash (a halty leader) the girl at the counter was super helpful, and knew the pros and cons of every brand, and even sent me to another store to get one she thought was better.
4	I figured I'd come check out their massive 50% off sale of their "all species besides fish" stuff.  Nothing that I thought my kitties would enjoy.  But Man Oh Man did it make me think about getting some fish!The Girlfriend totally wants fish.  And not just kind you can win at the fair.  She keeps saying how it would be great entertainment for our cats.  Sure.  Maybe.  Or great food.  And a gigantic mess for us.  I'd love to get some fish one day and when I do I think this will totally be my spot.  Folks there were totally happy and I heard them giving some really detailed advice. I was looking at some of their selection and they had some stuff I'd never seen before.  The Girlfriend will freak out looking at all those types of fishies.  Lots and lots of fishies.  If you're looking for help with your waterlogged buddies, you should definitely check this place out soon.
3	This store is based on a really neat concept: an independent pet store that adopts unwanted animals. Unfortunately, their prices can be a bit high, and the animals aren't always in the best condition. We adopted a pet rat from this store that ended up being really sick, and only lived for a few months after we adopted it from here. The staff really is not terribly knowledgable, and is not as present as I would prefer: I watched a small child all but mutilate a hamster up for adoption. All and all, I would most likely return to Pets, Inc., but not as exuberently as when I first discovered it.
2	Stopped by here because I saw the sign that said "pet supplies"..and thought that this would mean they would have what I needed for my cats.Walking in, I saw wall to wall fish, a brick-created 'pond' near the front, and lots of 'warehouse' type storage. I managed to wander the entire store without a single employee asking me if I needed help. There were four chatting by the door when I walked in, two doing things with tanks in other parts of the store. One of the four by the door was crawling around the 'pond' area.The one that that really struck me as sad was this cage in a dark corner. It had one fuzzy looking animal in there..but the cage was dark and dingy and didn't look like the most happy place. It just bummed me out. This is not the store for me. Sure, its not a cat store so I'm not their target audience anyway..but it still didn't give me happy vibes to be in there. It just struck me as an empty place that is gathering dust. Maybe if I was a fish person I'd be more excited here.
4	Unlike some other reviewers, Hubby and I have never had horrible customer service at Pets Inc. A few months ago they pared down to focus on salt and freshwater fish, reptiles, and some gross things with exoskeletons (DON'T make me tell you the story about how when I was seven and we had just moved to Florida and there was a locust plague and you couldn't walk ANYWHERE without stepping on them- and how this started a lifetime of severe exo-phobia). They do still have ferrets, however, and the occasional chinchilla.I probably shop there once a week, as it is conveniently on my way home from work. The petite pig-tailed blonde in the reptile section has always been super friendly and will take out all manner of lizards for you to hold. Will in the fish section is awesome, and according to his roommate (who also works there) he seems to have some "groupie customers." Outside of Aqua Touch, Pets Inc has the best fish and coral selection I have seen in the valley. There are other stores with some more exotic critters, but there has always been something else to turn me off- dirty tanks, the stale smell of piss... Pets Inc is not as spic and span, nor as high-end as Aqua Touch, but is far superior to most in the quality and variety of your more basic tank needs.
4	I believe that if Pets Inc. advertised that they catered more to just reptile and aquarium enthusiasts, they wouldn't receive such negative reviews from dog/cat owners. I am a dog owner myself, and was surprised when I first went there and found that they didn't carry many dog or cat items. I really do find their selection of reptile and aquarium supplies to be top-notch and would not hesitate to recommend Pets Inc. to any reptile or aquarium owner.
1	Suck.Suck.Suck.All of the workers were teenage stoner types, who were completely oblivious to customers (am I really that old already?!)It was like pulling teeth to find someone to answer any of my saltwater fish questions... and the answers I got were not helpful AT ALL.  The kids working there didn't know jack about jack.I will not be returning.  Ever.  Which sucks, because they did have a very vast selection of fishies.  I just don't trust them.
5	Stoners or not, their care for rare pets (namely reptiles and saltwater fish) is the tops!Not really the place for your dog or vast collection of cats, but more if you're looking into a Monitor Lizard, Randall Shrimp, or Sugar Glider.Quite the rarity!
4	Pets Inc is one of the best specialty pet stores in the valley. Their prices are pretty expensive, especially for their reptiles and plants (considering that most is from local suppliers), but it is still one of a kind and a great local business that we should all support! And the staff might all be stoners,  but they do know their stuff and are super friendly (every once in a while you meet a retail know it all, but not too often).  Definitely a place for fish and reptiles, only a minute selection for the fuzzy animals.
4	I can't give them 5 stars because they've reduced the variety of fresh water fish they used to carry. I'm an African Cichlid collector and in the past I got my best specimens from them. Very good for supplies though.I love looking at all the kooky pets they carry and I like the loose hippy atmosphere.They are also one of the few stores in Tempe that have a public bathroom!!!
4	They have a great supply of fish coming in constantly. I also love that they take your fish you no longer want or need instead of flushing them!!! They have a great variety of larger tanks as well as varieties of fish food. They sell sugar gliders, chinchillas, and ferrets as well. Not overly priced for a pets store. I no longer have any of those things but I am here a least 2 times a month for a 3lb frozen rabbit. I have been disappointed as they don't always have the size I want but are good at having it for the next time I come in.Their knowledge and variety of reptiles is almost unbeatable this side of the 17. Their prices are the cheapest in the valley for live or frozen feeders (rats, mice, rabbits). I have spent hours in there before just walking around checking out all the new animals they have. They are very good at checking to make sure they are not selling you a sick animal or taking in any that are sick either! If you are going to be bringing something in to be looked at or sexed, it must be in a bag as not to spread any possible mites to their other reptiles! This place isn't meant for the basic dog or cat owner so maybe the name isn't the most fitting, but for aquatic or reptile, stop by!!
2	This is unfortunate. On paper, it's all good. A family owned store with a large selection of fish. The problem is the customer service is usually terrible.I have been there four times. I will admit that one of those times, I happened to get a really helpful employee that surprised me with good service. The other three times, it was so bad, I give up.During the three poor visits, no one offered to help. It wasn't like the store was busy. I usually have to go to the cash register where the employees are usually socializing and ask for help in the fish department. The the help you get there is terrible. It's as if you are bothering them.The ironic thing is that these employees seem to really know fish well.On my most recent visit, I watched another customer ask for help after what seemed to be an inappropriately long wait. I think he was bothered by the employees socializing nearby and not offering to help. It didn't surprise me.Bottom line, I wish this store was better. It has the groundwork but the employees are poorly chosen and/or completely uninterested in their  job.Unless I have some special need, I will be shopping elsewhere.
1	Have shopped at this store for about 5 years. Bought our wonderful dog (who ended up having worms - but we didn't care, he was otherwise completely healthy) about 4.5 years ago. Two days ago I went in to reset up my 300 gallon tank, as we had to take it apart a few weeks before. I always buy Stress Coat and Stress Zyme when setting up my tank. The man who helped me instead talked me into buying "Start Smart" at $13.99 a bottle * 6 bottles as that is what would treat a 300 gallon aquarium. I set the tank up that night, and slowly added fish back to it (started with the cheapest and most hardy fish). The next day, in a one hour period, the tank got super cloudy and the fish were all laying on their sides. I instantly changed the water, and spent another $100 on Stress Coat and Stress Zyme at the locat Petsmart. I lost 5 clowns ($100), another cheap loach, and 2 Calvus Compressiceps that were $150 each. I called the store, and the guy who answered REMEMBERED me coming in and buying all the stuff I said. I did not want money for the fish I lost, just simply a refund for the worthless "Start Smart" I was sold. I told him my husband had thrown the receipt away, and 5 of the bottles. He said I needed the receipt. I said, "Don't you keep a copy of the receipt as well". He said yes, but without MY receipt, even though he remembered me buying the stuff 2 days before, they would not refund my money. I realize I did lose my receipt, but as he said he had a copy of the same receipt from 2 days before, and he remembered me, I feel that this company should have stood behind the products they sell. I will not shop there again, as there are other reputable fish stores in the Phoenix area. We were partial to this one b/c we got our dog there. If you shop there, please do not let them convince you to buy Start Smart as it is a worthless product that does not work.
4	After reading reviews I was a little afraid to return to this store after their revamp. I hadn't been for years. I was pleasantly surprised though. The employees were very helpful and knowledgeable. They had a great selection of fish and reptiles. The prices were a little higher than the prices would be at petsmart but I'm sure that has something to do with the fact that it's smaller and family owned (also their fish aren't covered in ick) So I'm okay with the prices. :}
5	Recently, I purchased a new fish tank for my apartment, and was ready to stock it with fish.  In the past, I've always gotten my fish from family stores, as I feel that the stock is better then going to a chain, and I prefer it as well for a variety of different reasons.  I seem to trust the local family run fish stores more then the petcos (or any other large chain store) when it comes to actually purchasing fish.  I find that thier much more knowledgeable and trustworthy, and seem to have a larger variety.I chose this place because they were open on Sundays.  I had never been here before, and was thrilled to find that this place was local and family owned.  Prices are fair and the selection on fish was HUGE.  They have equal amounts of freshwater and saltwater fish, ranging from goldfish all they way up to stuff that I've never seen or heard of before.  They also have reptiles, and a few small animals such as rabbits and ferrets to chose from as well.I was really impressed with this place.  I had a bit of sensory overload walking in, just from the huge selection and everything to look at.  All kinds of fish food, reptile stuff, cages, tanks, equipment, chemicals, anything you could imagine, they seemed to carry it.Service was friendly and nice, and I will gladly be back for more!
2	I have been going to this store for a few years now for their good selection of fish and aquarium products.  My experiences have mostly been positive and helpful with the exception of a few times waiting to be acknowledged by the staff.  Whlie helpful and knowledgeable, getting their attention can sometimes be difficult, but I'm understanding given the volume of business and the amount of work they must do.  Today, however, was an appalling experience.  After waiting nearly forty minutes to be acknowledged, I approached a staff member in 'saltwater' for a freshwater fish. I am aware that this may not be their department, but given my simple needs, I didn't assume I would be of great inconvenience.  The staff member I approached seemed to be only wiping down the front of an aquarium, so it didn't seem too much to ask for her to help me with 2 minutes of her time for a couple freshwater fish.I was met with abject disdain, and was asked "if I only need a couple fish, or if I actually had any questions".  Apparently answering questions is above and beyond her abilties, so I tried to bite my tongue.  As she stammered around the store looking for a net  (yes in a fish store), I inquired if they do any aquarium repair work for my hospital tank, and was met with short, aggravated answers. Her final reply was "try getting some silicone".  Such a fool I am, duh?As we approached the tank containing the fish I wanted, I dared to ask her if another tank of fish were for sale....she replied, "You're now asking me another question, are you serious"?  What nerve I have asking questions about fish in a fish store from staff members!!!   I flat out told her she was completely ridiculous and could not deal with her.Long story short, I wanted to leave, but approached a manger who found a different person to help get the 2 little fish I had now waited 53 minutes for.  He offered no apology, simply said 'they're busy people".  Yeah, buddy, so am I.  Well-run businesses don't operate this way.  I have repeatedly recommended this establishment to others for years, but will no longer.  I will not be returning.
5	Pets Inc Co is probably the biggest reptile store in the Phoenix area in terms of square feet. This means they have plenty of room for a wide variety of saltwater and freshwater fish and exotic reptiles. They are the only store I've been to that has Red-Tailed rat snakes, Green-Tree monitors (ARC has black tree monitors) and many other species of reptiles. With all the variety they do have, they are missing some of the basics, like young bearded dragons and leopard geckos.The bulk feeder prices are very good and they offer multiple species of roaches along with all the regular feeders. As far as customer service goes the first time I went into the store, the employee at the counter was very helpful and I talked to him for awhile. The last time I went in, there were at least 5 employees for every customer and they didn't seem interested in selling me anything. Until I go back again I'm going to assume they were doing some training or taking inventory or something and the first time was the more typical visit.
4	I've shopped at Pets Inc since 1986 and they're really the best pet store in the valley. The focus here is mainly reptiles, small furry creatures, and fresh and marine aquaria. All of the aquariums and terrariums are very clean and well maintained, while the animals appear to be in excellent health. The only lose a star for the staff. Overall, they are super knowledgeable and are helpful, but you need to approach them. One or two arrogant department workers are unpleasant to deal wth, btu know their stuff.
4	I went to Pets Inc. during my husband's search for a leopard tortoise. While we didn't purchase here, I was really impressed by the location and cleanliness of the store. There were some kids running wild and screaming while we looked at the animals, and an employee came over, made her presence known to stop the kids, and asked us if we needed any help. I really enjoyed my time there and plan to go back soon to look around some more.
4	This review applies primarily to the salt water section of this store.Pets Inc is probably my favorite fish store in the valley. I purchase much of my livestock and almost all of my supplies here. They have a good selection, great service, and good prices.My only complaint about this store is that they rarely have "new" livestock selection. Once you have seen what they have available it is unlikely you will be surprised on future visits. However, this can be good in the sense that I feel all of their livestock is highly acclimated to captivity and it seems they have the best survivability.
5	I get crickets for my lizard here and I always get good service.   All the employees are ok, but the brunette with fair skin in the reptile section that works tuesday afternoons is the best - super fast & friendly.
5	I've been looking for a very specific coloration of bearded dragon for about 4 months now and Pets Inc not only had it, but it was only $90. Of all the stores I went  to, no place had a better looking female and she was bred right in the store. The cheapest adult dragon I saw at another store was $150 and it didn't look anywhere near as nice as the one I bought. This, combined with everything I said in my first review, moves them up to the top of all the pet stores in the valley.
5	I'd been to the chain pet stores getting fish for my son.  I got bad information or no information and ended up killing fish because of the bad information.  They sold me tropical fish but when asked if I needed a heater, thermometer or anything beyond the tank, food and gravel I was told "no, not with those types of tropical fish.".  Boy were they wrong (both Petsmart AND Petco employees told me similar stories).  Six dead fish later....I finally remembered seeing Pets Inc over on Mill and Southern and stopped by the store to talk to someone about what had been going on with my freshwater fish.  Pets Inc was FANTASTIC!  Not just one person, but every person that was working in the fresh water area that day was so very helpful.  They weren't just there to make a sale.  Matter of fact, they wouldn't LET me buy fish that day as they went through a protocol that I needed to follow with my tank to prepare it for new fish.  They were extremely patient with my young son, even when he had tons of questions that many would find bothersome.  They took the time to really listen to both of us and to give us their time, great information and  a boost of confidence that we so desperately needed in the raising of fish.I highly recommend Pets Inc. to anyone needing a great pet store run and staffed by people who have the knowledge to back up what they sell.We won't be going anywhere else for any of our fish/reptile needs.
4	This place really does have an outstanding selection of animals. I've seen everything from giant koi to snakes to even a stingray. If there weren't covered in price tags, it could pass as a small zoo. I have exotic pets and they have a great selection of specialized items for each kind. It really makes it easy being able to drive down and pick stuff up instead of having to find and order it online.
3	I have a hit and miss relationship with this place. I frequently shop there mostly for crickets for my pet gecko and granted it is not a large sale I am there a lot. There are a couple employees who are always very helpful and friendly but most if the time I find myself just standing around waiting until I get fed up. If they would turn up the dial on friendliness and service that would be a booming business! But even the owner does not seem to be too pleased about being there. The few that do though are simply fantastic. They are all very knowledgeable and selection is great.
4	Pricey but I have always had friendly service whenever I have come here. I petted a hissing cockroach at this location, it's in the photos. ewwThey don't specialize in all animals anymore, mostly reptiles, fish and amphibians. They carry crickets and mice, rats for feeding purposes.
1	So much for one of the best Reptile and fish stores in the Valley. As of 12/5/11 Pets Inc will be closing it's doors and (possibly) relocating shortly. For the next week, everything in the store is 50% off. The employee I talked to said they would probably be open until Dec. 10th and nobody knew for sure whether they would be closing for good or moving. I certainly hope they will just be moving as nobody else has the wide variety of species that Pets Inc does.
