3	A pretty good place in Oakland to stop in for gas and a snack and/or drink. I sometimes stop in for a coffee on my way to work in the morning. It's not easy to get in and out of (like most gas stations in the city), particularly during rush hours, but it's pretty conveniently located on N. Craig that sometimes you can't say no. The people who work here are efficient and get through long lines pretty quickly. The gas prices may be a bit higher here than other places, but I'm willing to pay a few more cents a gallon for the convenience.
3	it's a sunoco... Anyway, The store is full of convenience. good place for coffee and smokes if you hate getgo or are on the way up craig out of oakland. I as the duke, or perhaps the once duke, I approve fullheartedly this establishment.
3	This place is just a bit annoying.  It's on the corner or a busy intersection where parking is way harsh.  Entering and exiting is like taking your life in your own hands.  If you park in a spot be prepared to possibly sit for a while before you can get back out.As for the inside it looks like they have all the basics that you would find in a convenience store.  However when you go to pay it looks like you are standing in line in a prison commissary.  The staff when I have been here have been very nice and seem to know the local regulars.
2	Storytime!  The last time I stopped in here, it was at 12:30am, and I'd just arrived back in PGH after flying in from the West Coast and riding a 24X bus with a driver who took me on an unnecessary detour through the Liberty Tunnel (don't even ask!).  Aside from my own bed, all I wanted was some milk to accompany my breakfast cereal the next day.  Upon arriving at the glass door of the convenience store, I notice not one, not two, but three PGH cops standing around.  I gave one of the cops a confused look, and he gestured to come in.  When I walked in, I noticed that another cop was talking to the lone employee stationed at the register, who appeared to be giving a description.  It was at this point that I realized that a holdup had probably just occurred.  I grabbed a quart of 2%, ponied up some cash, and got the heck out of here--stat.Based on my experience, I'd say there's a reason why the cashier's station is encased in bulletproof glass--this place probably gets held up occasionally.  Beware coming here late at night, or you may experience it firsthand.P.S. Milk, etc. can be had more cheaply and safely at the 24 hour CVS half a block away on the corner of Craig and Centre.
