2	This is an interesting thing, but the outside says Lenny's Burger shop but the receipts say Benny's Burger Shop...so which is it?  I do not know, but I can tell you that this location serves somewhat uninspired food.  They have burgers, hotdogs, and BBQ(?) which really struck me as interesting, but there was no smell of slow-cooked BBQ so it leads me to stick with the regular burger fare. I had a chili-cheese dog and was dissapointed with the previously cooked hotdog.  The chili on the dog was alright and the cheese was generous.  The diced onions were excellent, but the overall taste just left me thinking, so what?My advice, stick to the burgers here, but be forewarned, it is just kind of "ok" food.  Not great by any means.
3	I have had Bennys 2 x once today and once about a year ago. Last  I had a burger and frys. It is your typical flamed grilled burger with whatever you want on it. Think of Lennys perhaps, not bad but nothing stood out either. Today I had the brisket. I am not 100% sure it was brisket but what it was was good. Again nothing to write home about but nothing bad either. It was thinly sliced beef served on a buttered and toasted bun with bbq sauce on the meat. Service was great, the place was clean. I would go back but will not crave it.
3	We were hungry and in the area so we decided to check this place out.  I mean you cant really go wrong with a burger.  The service was quick and friendly.  My burger was good.  Nothing special but good.  Same with the chili cheese fries.   If for some reason I'm in the area again i would be willing to return and try the BBQ.
1	The customer service is horrible here. The people serving the food dont look clean. The food is all so greasy and bleh. I would not mind if I dont go in there again.
4	Wanted to find a burger shop out here that reminded us back home, like a Fabulous or Douglas Burgers. So far this is the closest thing. Wife and Daughter loved their burgers especially their country burger. Daughter and I loved their chili cheese fries. I have had their Italian beef sandwich and their burgers! We have no complaints about them. This is not a restaurant!! So you are not going to have great service! We will be coming back often.
3	So went to Benny's Burgers for the 1st time just because its right down the street from me and the wife wanted to try it out. We both got the pulled pork sandwich, it was kinda greasy but good. The frys were ok and my son liked his burger. The DB behind the counter on the other hand acted like he wanted to get my fist down his throat!!! He was dressed like "The situation" and had the hair of "Pauly D". He is lucky my fam was there or he would have gotten the beating of a life time!! Prob will go in again to try something else on the menu and to see if DB wants to rumble!!! (family not included)
3	Cute place.  Italian Beef sandwich was not very good though.
2	I made a quick stop here to get some lunch and talk to the owner/manager. Unfortunately the manager was really rude. Opted to not have lunch there and won't bother to go back with all of the other reviews.
4	I like the staff and they have a solid burger and chocolate shake.  Their grilled chicken sandwhich and chicken strips are okay.  I have tried almost everything else on the menue and didn't really like anything else.  Stick with the Burger.  I go with Thousand Island as the sauce.  The place could use a face lift.
2	Didn't really care for bbq beef brisket sandwich. Fries are good though, wish dey had fry sauce for there fries.
1	Visited this place after seeing they offer flounder fish, my favorite. The place is old looking and the inside smells of old nasty cooking grease, really needs to be updated and a thorough cleaning. The flounder was horrible, nasty tasting, no fish taste at all only the breading and mush, no structure to the fish at all. Will not return unless the place does a complete clean or remodel.
5	Best burgers ever. I would drive 50 miles to go here and eat. Luckily I just live a few miles away. I love the teriyaki burger with mushrooms and swiss. Absolutely wonderful. Even my 11 yr old son (who is not a hamburger fan) took a bite of mine and said it was GOOD. We just ate there this afternoon
5	Love, love, love this place.  From the outside it looks like a place I probably would not eat t.  One burger and fries and I'm in love!!  I would not bother eating a burger anywhere else.  I would just wind up being sad that it was not a Benny's burger!!!  Go once and be hooked!  They also have a lot of different stuff on their menu, I've never been willing to forgo the burger!!
4	For the money, the best burger on this side of town.  Worth the ride from anywhere in the Northwest valley.  Large flame broiled burger patties for a good price.  I am almost always pleased when I go here.  One exception was on a Sunday when I ordered "tomato only".  When I got home it had everything but tomato.  Must have be a dyslexic cook that day.  Recently remodeled and does feel nicer and cleaner.  On cooler days you can sit at a table just outside and watch the world go by.
5	Originally Posted 5/4/2013*Under new management* I went a few times this month and I'm quite impressed with it's transformation from what it was before. It's under new management and new improvements are being done to the place that make it feel like a great place to eat at. Burgers are juicy and filling. They have several optional extras to add into your burger to customize how you want it, which I like... I had a Double Hickory Bacon Cheese Burger with fries and it was awesome! They have some others things to add like cheeses, sauces, or even a fried egg! Onion rings... fried zucchini... I've tried the medium hot wings.... they were surprisingly good! Ribs were good... BBQ sauce they use is really good! My boyfriend had the teriyaki burger, the pulled pork sandwich, and the works hot dog with fries... and he said he would definitely come back for it. Oh geez... almost forgot one of the best part... the milkshakes are DELICIOUS!!! Tons of flavors to mix and match... I tried all different mixtures chocolate/pineapple,  chocolate/peanut butter, strawberry/banana, and of course you can get vanilla, chocolate, jamocha, or whatever. This burger joint has such a variety... The staff is few, but nice. I think it's family owned. The new manger came around and greeted us to make sure everything we had was great. He mentioned that they'll be keeping the same menu, but will be adding more things to spice it up like sweet potato fries and a Hawaiian burger. I'm pretty excited!
5	We stopped and ate here for the first time.  What a great experience.  The gentleman waiting on us did everything he could to accommodate my husband's need for a low sodium meal.  He even went back in the kitchen and personally prepared his food.  And, the meal was delicious.  Plus, the cafe was very clean, as we're the rest rooms.  What we could see of the kitchen area was also tidy, organized and clean.  Seldom do you find this type of service in a small cafe, but it was clear that the current management wants to be know as a reasonable, tasty and accommodating place to grab a quick bite.  They smoke all their Bar-B-Q meats right there.   We will certainly be returning!
2	Meh! it's just OK. The fries were over cooked and the burger was just another burger. Nothing to write home about.
5	John the owner is the best!  Always friendly, anxious to please and will try to accommodate any dietary restrictions.  Best burgers ever, crisp fries, pulled pork is terrific.  He's just added calamari and makes his own dipping sauce.  I love it.  Our favorite whether eating in or takeout.  Can't recommend this place enough!
5	Great burgers and awesome customer service! Very friendly staff. Cleared our food, refilled our ketchup, asked us how we were doing, and gave my 13 month old son a free cup of ice cream. I recommend over other fast food chains.
5	This location is not closed. I just spoke to the owner, then when in and had a great meal. The chicago Hots are just like back home in the Windy City.Enjoying the winter in sun CityMike A .
5	I have been checking around the web and find listings that say this place is closed. It was closed many months ago, but is OPEN under a new owner.The service is much better then under the OLD management and the food is much improved. Stop in and see for yourself.This is a family owned and operated business. They have daily specials and that is a very nice patio to sit in the warm weather and enjoy your meal.Mike A from Minnesota
4	This place is good. The owner and staff are friendly and the food is always consistent.
4	Into the twilight zone once again!!  I have written a review in the past, but noticed it was nowhere to be found! So after finding it on one of my list, there are two Benny's links? Guess this place in under new management, so yelp allowed them to start over. Like I have said on the other reviews, never had a problem with this place. Wife loves their country burger, reminds her of the Douglas Burgers in SoCal. I have always tried different items on their menu never being disappointed. I have had their burgers, Italian beef,  pull pork, and much more. Great place, will be back again, but not during lunch hour on the weekdays. Very busy!
5	wow, the best burger i've ever had from a take out style place!was in the mood for a burger and finally decided to give this place a try.  Stopped in about 7:30 and ordered 2 cheese burgers and some chilli cheese fries.  while waiting for my food the owner came out to say hi and we talked for a bit about BBQ and Smoking Meats.  he gave me a taste of the beef brisket and i will be ordering that next time i go in, the meat was amazing and the sauce was VERY flavorful.The burgers were also amazing.  the quality of meat this place uses is awesome, not what is expected for a takeout style place and for the price (very inexpensive).  The mayo sauce is made in house and also very tasty too, these guys know how to BBQ!I can't wait to go back and try some different menu items, i'm glad i decided to finally stop in!
4	The food was great and prepared quickly. The customer service was awesome. There is a nice casual cozy mom and pop feeling making it a nice place to stop.
5	Simply the best !!!! Period ! If u want a burger this is the only place ! We have been customers for years but had stopped going cuz the help sucked ! Especially the grouchy old lady ! Now under new management we have to pace ourselves to only once per week ! The owner is often there & such a nice friendly person. Who cares that u r there !
5	Ohh yeah.  Great place to get your grub on.   Just talk to Benny.   He will hook you up.   Try it for your self.
5	Great Burgers!  Taste like you grilled them yourself in the back yard.  Friendly staff and your food is never made before you order!YUMMMMMMM
3	Bennys is like a old girlfriend, we've been through the best and the worst together. To start the best is food how the menu is so far and beyond anything around. But I have had hit or miss occasions and I've heard horror stories and glory stories so until consistency pervales  good luck
5	YAY - A LOCALLY-OWNED BURGER JOINT IN THE LAND OF CHAIN RESTAURANTS!!!   My cousin recommended this place to me, as she loved the burger she had here recently.  So I stopped in.   Guess what?  I loved it too.  First of all, the restaurant was really clean.  My burger was delicious - reminded me of the old local burger joints that used to line main streets across America before the big chains.  The fries were especially good too - medium thick, golden brown.  Love them - excellent fries.  I thought it was a great value.  I went back a week later - and guess what?  THREE employees stopped at my table to ask how everything was.  You don't get that kind of service at McDonalds across the street.  I'LL BE BACK!
5	Great place for burgers, BBQ and a really good Chicago Dog!!  Prices are good and you get good portions. Looking for a great place to eat - you should try this place. I gave them 5 stars for good quality food and nice friendly atmosphere.
5	Over the winter season we stay at our home in Sun City and eat here at least twice a week and I can honestly say I have never had a bad meal or poor service. I like the idea of a Mon and Pop family run business.I am back in Minnesota and missing Chicago Style Hot Dogs as I lived in the Chicago Metro Area for more then 53 years and I know what they are to taste like and Benny's are right on the mark.I have eaten lots of their burgers and they are simple and very good to chow down on along with the great fries.Since living in Minnesota I have gotten use to all you can eat fish on Friday Nights and when I discovered Benny's I love to visit on Friday evenings and eat my fill of their fish.I have read many of the reviews on this site and all you need to do is read the date as all of the negative reviews were for former owners.Try it---I know you will like this family business and the food they serve.Mike A.Dexter, MN
5	The owner is great! He made my meal special order.   Service was friendly and quick!  It might not look like much from the outside but it's worth a stop to try.  You will be back!
5	This is an awesome little neighborhood place! I didn't have a burger but the ribs were great. My husband had the pulled pork sandwich and raved about it. He heard about this place from a friend so we thought we'd try it. Great decision! We will be back for sure. The peanut butter shake is yummy too!Prices are reasonable. I was really impressed with the staff. They all are friendly and social. Plus they work together as a team. Even the owner came out and gave us a to go box. Can't wait to tell my friends about this restaurant. It was crazy to me how busy they were considering location but I understand why now.
5	Yum! I have had this place bookmarked for some time since I live a few minutes away. So glad we tried it! The owner and staff are extremely nice and helpful - they even sent me home with a menu and let me know I could call in my order ahead of time to avoid waiting (but it's worth the wait!).The food is amazing! Definitely one of the best hamburgers I've ever had. I ordered a single patty Teriyaki Mushroom Burger.  It was juicy and full of flavor! The french fries were obviously homemade, cut fresh and just cooked - so good! I also tried the fried mushrooms and they were awesome. The cost for the teriyaki burger, a triple cheeseburger, two fries and fried mushrooms was only $17. Sweet!Check out Benny's if you're in the mood for an awesome hamburger at a great price!
1	Overpriced. The ribs were not good at all, couldn't tell if I was eating meat or fat. The pulled pork sandwich  was low quality ad well. The fried mushrooms and fries would be the best part of the meal. I would avoid if you want good bbq .
5	I love this! Theres somthing about a place that does certain things and does them right without trying to be fancy about everything. You want a burger you get a great burger, you want some great chicken wings they got them here to, and for a great price. Its a place you can always go back to. My wife and I have been here 3 or 4 times and the owner knows what we like and how we like it and it seems he is like that with everyone. Once you go you wont regret it. Its everything you want in a restaurant. Its not a chain so get your tounge ready for some real food.
