3	New restaurant in the location formerly occupied by Cafe Villaggio.  They seem to be in a transitional phase, as their menu contains some items from the old restaurant (for breakfast, in particular), but many new Peruvian items (lunch and dinner).We had breakfast, each having an omelette.  The breakfast menu isn't huge, but it has some variety.  The Americano Omelette (bacon/ham/cheese) was good, as was the chorizo omelete.Prices are pretty reasonable, $4-5 for breakfast sandwiches, $6-7 for omelettes.The lack of more choices at breakfast keeps me from giving them a higher rating, but I would go again for breakfast, and I do plan on trying out there peruvian dishes for lunch or dinner.Note that although their hours are 8-8 right now, the owner said they probably will start opening later (10 a.m.) but will continue to serve breakfast for a couple of hours.
2	Just changed owners- and starting out- very nice staff- or family- with lots of enthusiasm-  just lacking skills in the food!  Don't order the panini until they practice a good bit more-- the bread was barely grilled- they forgot the cheese and the onions were raw- instead of carmalized - it was pretty disheartening with such nice staff. - the pork medallions were cooked well- but there was no presentation& both dishes had NO seasonings!! I hope they can hang on while they iron out the kinks and get better dishes together-  I will wait for a few months before trying it again.
2	We drove by this place next to Taj Mahal, and decided, when we saw a new Peruvian place, to stop in for lunch.  I hadn't had Peruvian food for some time, as Rincon Peruano is a bit far to make it a realistic lunch option.The first thing I noticed is that the menu was very disappointing.  The selections were limited, and they were listed in English with Spanish translations secondary.  Sorry, but "Poor Man's Steak" just does not sound as appetizing as "Bistec a la Pobre."Thinking that maybe this was an authentic place that just didn't have everything on the menu, I asked the server if they had Parihuela.  He looked at me like I was speaking Greek, indicating that not only did they not have it, but he was probably not actually a Peruvian.With this minor setback behind me, I ordered my food, and what seemed like an eternity later, we had our meals.  The portions were acceptable, the presentation was good, but the actual food was pedestrian.  It wasn't terrible, but Rincon Peruano did the same dish better, and in greater quantity.The bill?  $15.  Probably $3-$4 more than it should've been.  I guess we still don't have a reasonable Peruvian lunch option.
4	Very friendly service. I had the ceviche which I asked for very spicy and they did not dissappoint. Best ceviche I have had for a long time.
4	I had lunch here today for the first time and was very pleased. Gabriela, my server, who I think may also be an owner, was very personable and helpful.  The meal started off with a warm roll accompanied with a great dipping sauce. Then, being my first time, I asked Gabby for suggestions.  She mentioned that the # 19, Peruvian style fajitas, was their most popular dish, so, that's what I ordered. Very satisfied with her suggestion, I will most definitely be back again.Excellent food. Exceptional service. Authentic, clean restaurant. What more could you ask for?
4	I went back for lunch and really enjoyed Villa Peru.It was two of us, and we each ordered an entree ($11 each).  A few dollars more than I'd typically spend for lunch but I was hungry and the entrees just looked tasty.  They also have some panini/sandwiches which are in my normal lunch price range.I ordered the Bistec a la Pobre.  The food was really good, from the bread with dipping sauce they start you with to the meal itself.  The portions were good-sized, as I'd expect with an entree.The waitress was very friendly -- attentive without being pushy.  Our food came out timely.I'll go again...I'm interested in seeing if I like their sandwiches as much as their entrees.
4	A happy accident brought me to this place.  The restaurant I had planned to go to for lunch was closed, and Villa Peru was across the street.  The restaurant small and clean.  Service was good and the server very helpful.  I tried the shrimp fried rice,  instead of using rice the waitress asked if i have ever tried quinoa, i never have but have always wanted to.  Anyhow, it was AWESOME!  The dish was flavorful and fresh.  I would highly recommend this place!!  Thankful for the happy accident!
1	4 words.....don't waste your time. The menu limited. Food not flavorful. Workers ungrateful.
3	Don't get my 3 stars wrong, the food IS AMAZING though I wish they'd serve anticuchos. I have Bistec a lo Pobre (Poor Man's Steak for my English friends) which is thin sliced steak topped with 2 fried eggs and then rice, fried bananas, and steak fries on the side. It was $11.95 and one of the cheaper Peruvian options. Where she lost stars was when she assumed my American husband chose a sandwich because he was "American" and didn't like Peruvian food (she told me so in Spanish so I'm not making assumptions) . My husband LOVES LOVES LOVES Peruvian food and wholeheartedly embraces my culture. What he doesn't like is high priced dinners. We came for lunch and all the Peruvian food was over $11 a plate. For a guy from PA who is used to trucker sized (ever ate at a truck stop?) dishes for under $10, he was appalled. But oh well, I got my Peruvian food like I wanted and his Milano Chicken sandwich was huge, around $7 and very very good.Sadly, we'll probably not go back unless I beg and seeing as there's 2 other Peruvian food places within 20 miles from us that I can try out, I won't be begging any time soon.
5	We decided to try this place because we had an online coupon from the Entertainment book and thought that Peruvian food sounded like something a little different.  We really didn't know what to expect.  Both the service and the food were excellent!  Our waiter was actually the owner and he had a lot of charm and was very friendly and the food was fantastic.  All four of us were very happy with the dishes that we ordered.  One person had Lomo Saltado which is a beef fijita.  One had the chupe de carmaron soup, which is a shrimp chowder soup and two of us had Sudado de pescado which is steamed fish.  To drink we had chicha morada which is a corn drink with cinnamon and a Inka cola.  If you are looking for something different for dinner then the usual and like small family owned restaurants then this is the place for you.
4	Excellent service! Had my favorite Peruvian dish (Saltado de Pollo y Lomo); Tasted great! Make sure to ask for mixed-in fries if that's what you like (i will next time).Best Peruvian food in AZ!
4	By far best Peruvian food in Arizona. Loved the lomo saltado and the service was exceptional. Will definitely be back to get my peruvian food fix.
5	The food is very fresh and amazing the staff is super friendly would definitely will come back!
5	This is a great restaurant. I was delighted with my dining experience the first time I tried Villa Peru. I have been back several times for consistantly delicious cuisine. Try it!
4	This was my first experience with Peruvian food and I was not disappointed. We started with the Papa Rellena (Deep Fried Stuffed Mash Potatoes). I could have eaten a plate of those bad boys. I ordered the Aguadito De Pollo (Cilantro Chicken -n- Rice Soup) and was very pleased. It was a little on the salty side, but that won't stop me from going back. My husband ordered the Leche De Tigre. That was his first time having cerviche and he liked it alot. Long story short, we will be back. Loved the homemade corn nuts.
4	Great food and great service! I'll definitely be back!
5	I have never been impressed with Peruvian food, but this place was excellent.  Wonderful and genuinely friendly service.  I had the white fish ceviche.  Sometimes ceviche can be heavy on the garnish, and light on the fish.  Not so here: plenty of fish, and even a little spicy, which I love.  I wish there had been some more of the yam.  The dish also came with these huge corn kernels.  My dining partner's dish with beef was also quite tasty - the beef was well marinated and so tender.  We liked the purple corn drink too - a little like jamaica with cloves.  Not too sweet, either.  We will definitely be back!
4	The chupe de camarones is worth a trip across town!  Nice complexity of flavor and spices - egg, langostino, still trying to identify other spices.  It's a *huge* bowl of soup.  I wanted a smaller size, so we ordered one, intended to split it - they served each of us a large bowl.  Since it was lunchtime, we also ordered the pulled chicken sandwich, which wasn't anything unusual, but the bread was clearly freshly baked.
5	I have eaten Peruvian food in Costa Rica and this is comparable but with smaller portions. The flavors and smells were enticing. The service was excellent. The ceviche dinner was perfect. I had a 1/4 of chicken with an incredibly addictive spiced rice, some thinly sliced cucumbers and red onions and a side of Yuka, that serves two, served with a cilantro sauce that I could have drank plain it was so tasty. They have a South American cola but it has high fructose corn syrup as an ingredient.Listening and watching Andrea Bocelli video in Spain es mui romantica.I want to see some neighboring flavors of Uruguay and Argentina, grain  fed beef (sold at Sprouts) free range chicken and anything with chimichuri, please.
1	New owner not FULLY honoring "Entertainment Book 2012" coupons.Full Disclosure:  They did give us $5 off instead of $12.But the food was totally bland.  One dish, the main meat was WAY WAY WAY too salty.  The other two dishes were so bland it was impossible to pick out what individual spices were in the meal.And the amount of food for the price was lacking - too little food, too much dollar bill.Won't be back.
4	Have been planning a trip to Peru for the spring. Decided to try some local Peruvian food to see what I was in store. Quite the pleseant surprise. Started off with deep fried mash potatoes stuffed with ground beed and raisins. Not a texture that I am used to, but really good. Would definitely eat them again. Dinner was seared beef strips with rice and fried yucca. I can't remember the exact name of the dish, but included the word "saltado". The sauce has soy sauce in it. Really unique flavor. Again, I would definitely eat this dish again.All in all, I would highly recommend. Not crowded, reasonably priced, and really good food. Side note - The night I was there they were all out of roasted chicken. Kind of a disappointment because it was pretty cheap. $12 for a whole chicken plus fries. Enjoy!
4	Went here with a Groupon for the 1st time but they were having some kind of special event w/live music & singing... it was very entertaining because the place was so small, they walked around while you're eating & it created an authentic atmosphere. They had a packed house! Unfortunately, they were not accepting groupons that night (had a sign posted) but we drove all that way & was intrigued with what was happening there. We ordered, ate & left quite satisfied that we would be back again to enjoy our groupon. Fast forward a few months... went back with the groupon. Atmosphere was much different this time.... Not so busy, but we were thankful that we could try out the place with less distraction so we could concentrate on the food. We were quite impressed again! Love the flavor of the food... it is a little salty but extremely tasty. The Lomo Saltado de Carne is absolutely scrumptious! The taste seem to resemble some german flavors (sounds weird, I know) that brought nostalgia to me & my husband with thoughts of happy times growing up. Him with his grandmothers cooking & me with years spent overseas. Needless to say - yum, yum, yum!! We also had the Picante de Mariscos... has a little kick to it & delicious as well. Drink menu is limited. Portions are on the small side but we have not left hungry yet.The staff, both times, were very friendly & helpful with decision making for people who were unfamiliar with the food preparation. We enjoyed both visits & have already discussed our excitement to go back for more. We would love this place to succeed!
5	I was leery of trying a Peruvian restaurant in Arizona.  I still remember how much I enjoyed the food when traveling down there a couple of years ago and did not want to be disappointed.  Believe me, we were impressed.  We had an appetizer and then a couple of dishes, which we shared to a certain extent.  My ceviche mixto was terrific.  The service was extremely helpful.  I will definitely go back.
4	We stopped in here tonight with a restaurants.com coupon (and the low expecations that usually come with that) and we were very pleasantly surprised by a really tasty meal, pleasant atmosphere and great service.  It's also an excellent value.We had the ceviche tigre and pappa rellena to start. Both were artfully presented with much more care than you would expect in a restaurant in this price range.  The pappa was perfect: flaky, delicious and not oily in the least.  The ceviche tigre was absolutely out of this world, a perfect mix of fish, squid, lime, corn and spices.  We would have been very happy with a meal of that alone.For our mains, we had a lomo saltado and mixed seafood platter.  The lomo was exactly right; a slightly salty stir fry of steak, onions and french fries, served with rice.  The mixed seafood platter was a gargantuan plate of shellfish on top of a large fish fillet.  Both were delicious.  The only criticism I could possibly make is that I wasn't crazy about the yucca that accompanied the seafood platter (I'm more of a yucca al mojo guy) but that's a minor detail.   All of that food only came to $50, which is a great deal in my book, particularly with such a large amount of seafood.  With a Groupon/Restaurants.com coupon, it's a steal.  Our server Paola, was charming and helpful.Recommended.
4	Simple words: Food is absolutely delicious, but the water is horrible.  Lets start off with the negative before I move on to the many positives.  My friend made this comment, "The water is so bad my dog wouldn't even drink it!"  I don't really know how to describe it, but it is worst than any tap water.  This could have been a five star experience, but I still give it 4 stars for great service and excellent flavors of food.  The flavors went deep into my grilled fish, and I felt like I was eating nothing but flavors.  I didn't taste any fishiness, which is absolutely incredible.  My friend's beef dish was tender, juicy, and full of wonderful flavors.  I hope the manager is reading this and can improve the water issue.  In addition, I recommend having more than just 1 server on a busy evening.
5	This is now our favorite Peruvian restaurant! Best Anticuchos you will ever have and the Parihuela seafood soup was divine. Wife had the vegetarian dish i think it was called Salteado Vegeteranio....what a pleasant surprise. Brought our own wine and we were charged a $5.00 corkage fee. No room for dessert but there is always next time. Don't miss it.
2	Food was ok but the service was practically non existent
4	After living oceanfront in Mancora, on the northern coast of Peru, for 4 months I became very accustomed to eating very fresh, excellent ceviche on a very regular basis. I had no idea I would miss it so much when I returned to the states. Luckily, with one internet search I came upon Villa Peru. It was EXCELLENT. I did not expect ceviche in AZ to be so fresh and delicious! And not only that, but they also served it with proper cancha and Inca Kola is a beverage option (which of course I had to order). Unfortunately, I have to give my experience 4 stars instead of 5 because they were out of Aji de Gallina, which is what my brother had his heart set on for dinner that night. And also because it took a little longer to get the check than it should have due to an apparent disagreement between the owner or manger & server.But all in all, I highly recommend Villa Peru to anyone who wants to enjoy delicious, traditional Peruvian food.
5	Can't figure out why this place isn't busier - the food is excellent, and the prices are low. Love the taro fries and the little corn nuts they serve as a free appetizier. Rotisserie chicken is a lunch thing, but super tasty and moist. Nice atmosphere and easy parking. The fried seafood assortment is most excellent and the ceviches are super freash and tasty. Don't miss it!
4	This was a nice little eatery with friendly services. I had seafood rice plate which was actually really good. And it was made fresh. My gf had one of the sandwiches...think beef...and it was good too. The fries had an interesting taste not exactly your typical fries. Seriously coming back here.
3	Wanting to try something new, we opted for lunch here.  Judging by the reviews, I'm not sure if they were having an off day or whether what we ordered was really a good representation of Peruvian food.We ordered fried yuca, and the server said it would be about 15 minutes.  20 minutes later he came back and said another 15 minutes.  We never did see it.  I'm not sure if this dish required some preparation that had not been done since we were in early, but I was disappointed to not be able to try it.I had the Lomo Saltado with chicken.  The chicken was pretty dry, and the "secret sauce" was such a secret, it was almost hidden from my plate.  I really only tasted soy sauce.  The Peruvian style fries were underneath the chicken.  I'm not sure how they differed from regular fries though.  My husband had the Corderito Chiclayano (lamb shank).  It had a ton of flavor, but again the meat was tough.The chef (perhaps owner too?) did come out and apologize for the yuca and was very sweet, however.  I may give it another shot.
5	The closest thing to Mama's home cooking and if you know how good my mama cooks... Well, the woman can cook! Their ceviche is big with fresh seafood. The lomo Saltado comes in a big plate and worth every bite. The only thing I'm not a fan of is that they do not serve Peruvian beer here. I crave a cold glass of cuzquena beer with this appetizing meal. All in all this place is a must try!
4	I went to this little gem for a second time in about a month today & it's absolutely terrific! Not a lot of ambiance, but it's very clean & the food is simple but succulent. The first time I went I had the Asado sandwich with criolla sauce and today I tried the rotisserie chicken, both delicious. The fries that come with both are hot & crispy on the outside, moist and fluffy on the inside, and I generally don't like thick cut fries. Just wish I had something other than ketchup to dunk them in. I want to try their ceviche next, especially after reading all the rave reviews here. And one of these days, I'm going to leave enough room for dessert. Everything was super fresh & tasted homemade. (except for the ketchup, of course :))
5	I was completely shocked with this restaurant. When we pulled in the parking lot I didn't even want to go in, glad we did. Extremely clean and quaint, great customer service, now let's get to the food. It was beyond delicious. I couldn't stop eating! I ordered the Arroz con Mariscos and I almost licked the plate. The seafood tasted fresh and not rubbery. I never, ever, ever eat dessert, but I couldn't pass up lucuma ice cream. It seems so simple, but again, I wanted to lick the dish. It's a BYOB so we brought a nice bottle of wine with us and they were more than happy to open it. There was a $5 cork fee, which is extremely reasonable. I don't know if this is traditional Peruvian fare, but it's yummy and we'll be back.
4	- The live music Saturday night was excellent- The chicken, cilantro soup was full of flavor.  One of the highlights of the meal- The ceviche de pescado was pretty good.  The sauce was perfect and they add enough aji to make it pop.  However, the corn was only ok and the fish itself wasn't as tender or sliced as thin as I'm used to- The lomo saltado was perfect.  Tender beef full of salty goodness- The arroz con mariscos was perfect.  Full of seafood and flavor and nice and moist with just the right touch of ajiIt's one of my two favorite Peruvian restaurants in the Valley.
4	If you want to try a few new flavors and textures this is a great spot. If you are vegetarian be prepared to have a ton of carbs. Your meal will start with and amazing dish that is not popcorn, or cornuts but some magical in between. They also have a punch that is made with corn and spiced, it tastes like a sweet apple cider sans the apples. As for my main dish I had one that was tofu with vegetables and rice (Lomo Saltado Vegetariano) IT had some nice flavors and texture, it came with a pyramid of rice.  The Tacu Tacu $11 while being a carb bomb of beans rice and corn was the winner for me. We also had some fried yucca as an app, they are like french fries with some great dipping sauces.
3	Had a date night dinner here this past Saturday cause we wanted to try a new place. We had a restaurant.com certificate for this place for quite some time so thought it was time to use it. We started with the Papa Rellena, which is a mashed potato ball stuffed with ground beef and raisins and deep fried. It came with a salsa on top with a side of a green dipping sauce. This was delicious and the potato was perfectly seasoned and light, didn't feel heavy at all. The green sauce was amazing, reminded me of a chimichurri sauce that you could put on anything!Hubby got the Bistek a lo pobre, which was a grilled steak, served with white ricFrench fries and topped with fried bananas. Unfortunately, the steak was underwhelming and lacked seasoning and the rice was undercooked (it was pretty crunchy and inedible). Hubby did like the fries and the fried banana was good. I ordered the Arroz con pollo, which was a chicken thigh and drumstick served with cilantro fried rice. The good news was the cilantro fried rice which was very good and flavorful. The bad news was the chicken, it was obvious that the chicken was not cooked fresh. It seemed as though it was cooked earlier that day or even the day before and just heated up again and put on the plate. The skin was soggy and the meat didn't have as much flavor as I wanted it to have. Thank goodness for the green sauce cause that was the only way it made it worth eating.Our waiter, while nice, seemed scattered and spread too thin. There were not a lot of other tables and he seemed to only be serving ours and two others yet my hubby didn't get his drink refill and he didn't really check back with us after he brought our food. After we ordered our meal he came back and asked us if we wanted an appetizer and we mentioned that the papa rellena was our app, he seemed confused by that. At the end of our meal when the check came, he didn't deduct our restaurant.com certificate amount and our app wasn't listed. I'm not sure if he thought that by not charging us for the $8 app was going to offset our $25 off cert. It took a while for the staff to figure it out but it eventually came back correct. Overall, not sure if we will be back. While the app was good and the green sauce delicious, it doesn't seem worth making the 40min drive when neither of us were happy with our entrees. Too bad cause we had high hopes for this place.
4	Authentic-tasting Peruvian cuisine.  Or so my wife tells me, she spent a summer in Peru.  Loved the papas rellenas as an appetizer.  We both had steak dishes and the steak was just okay, but the sides had good flavors that were not too spicy.  Make sure to ask for the cancha, (its like cornnuts but fresher and they grow on you quickly)about 3 3/4 stars, and ill go ahead and round it up because of the awesome fried bananas!A few minor downsidesSmall restaurant in an old building.Waiter we had was kind of shy and never found out his name.They take an 18% gratuity from your check.  We normally tip 20 percent so this was no big but still somewhat odd.Overall a place we are planning to come back to and tell friends about.
2	Oh, man, I so wanted to like this place.  I recently tried Peruvian food for the first time in San Francisco and I decided to give Villa Peru a try because of the rave reviews.  Honestly, the only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is because of the super-enthusiastic waiter.  In terms of food, there is much to be desired.  I ordered Arroz con Pollo and sadly, the 'Arroz' part of this pairing went straight in the trash after two bites because it was incredibly undercooked.  After the first bite of semi-raw rice, I decided to have a second because I was incredulous that such a simple step as checking to make sure that their rice is properly cooked could have been omitted.  Second bite, just as crunchy as the first. Furthermore, the 'cilantro rice' they pride themselves on is simply a medley of rice mixed with some green ingredient (I'm guessing that's the cilantro) plus what is clearly frozen mixed veggies (peas, corn, and carrot).  The frozen bagged veggies are just lazy and remind me of food you'd feed a toddler.  Moving on to the 'Pollo'.  This very small piece of chicken had NO flavor whatsoever.  It was a sad bird sitting on a giant pile of crunchy under-cooked rice.  The bird was so sad, I think I even saw it shed a tear.  Finally, I have to agree with a previous reviewer regarding their lunch menu pricing.  I cannot see how such a simple meal (assuming it at been cooked properly) with such humble ingredients could warrant a $14 price tag.  We're not talking foie gras here, folks.  It's just chicken and a side of rice (or in my case, a giant pile of rice with a side of chicken).  They've got to drop their lunch menu entree prices by at least $5 to be competitive.  Bottom line, I simply cannot recommend this place given the depressing food and the comically high price point.
3	so I brought my peruvian family here to try out the food and some of it was great while others were less than stellar. I had anticuchos from heart which tasted great! plus i had the lomo saltado which was also pretty darn good.My family had causa from chicken which was delicious but the pollo a la brasa was pretty bland according to them. I wish they would make tallarin verde a norm on their menu, plus they were out of inca cola!
3	Did you know that there was a song called, "Peruvian Cocaine"?  Totally unrelated, and definitely shows off the library of useless facts I keep in my head.  Definitely unrelated to the fact that this little eatery located in the strip mall on the corner of Rural and McKellips in Tempe is a decent place off the Old Town Beaten path.  This establishment is one of those lucky gems you driveby everyday and never notice until one day.... you're looking for something different, but close by....I ordered the Chupe De Camarones (Shrimp Soup).   The soup was very delicious and I enjoyed it.  This soup did not taste as if the shrimp overpowered the flavor of the soup.  I could still enjoy the corn and potatoes in the soup.  They make the soup to order.  The chef accidentally crashed my first bowl of soup, so they had to make a new one for me.  The soup come in a fairly large serving bowl.  I could not eat a quarter of that.  They wrapped it up for me and the leftovers fed me for 2 more meals.I was disappointed that the "Peruvian Fries" were just plain frozen steak fries fried in hot grease... or what I normally know as "French Fries".  I ordered the "peruvian fries" expecting something "different".... they GOT me on that one.I went here with about 5 or 6 other friends who also enjoyed their meals.  I asked everyone if they would return and the majority said yes, they would come back.  I know I will one day.  I look forward to trying out their pollo saltado!
2	I was very excited to try this place based on the reviews but it was pretty disappointing. We arrived for dinner at 7 which is about two hours before they closed and were informed that they were out of chicken which eliminated about half the menu options. They were also out of two beef dishes which *really* limited out options. My fiance had a beef dish with peppers that promised "Peruvian" fries which just turned out to be steak fries, nothing unique about them. I had a fish dish that was very overcooked and extremely salty. My fiance enjoyed his cilantro rice though. Overall, it was disappointing that they would run out of so much food at only 7:00. My fiance would try it again if we knew the full menu was available but I would not order fish there again.
5	So I heard about this place through a Groupon.  Was running late and called to see if they would stay open, they were more than nice on the phone and told us to just come in.  We got so lost and literally showed up 5 minutes before they were about to close, which usually really agitates waiters, understandably so.Not this guy, he had the Peruvian corn nuts out on the table and waiting for us and was more than helpful when we asked what to get.  There was some tasty mashed potato/meat concoction we had for our appetizer and then in regards to entrees, the ceviche is the way to go.  Great place and great attitudes!
5	I love Peruvian rotisserie chicken, and this place makes a great rotisserie chicken! Moist chicken, great flavor and a crispy skin. The yummy, spicy green sauce goes great on the chicken or the fries. The chica morada is a refreshing and delicious drink made from blue corn (think horchata without the cinnamon). If you've never had Inka Cola, you might want to try that Peruvian soda (it tastes like bubblegum). The decor is nice and the service is attentive. The food took a little time to come out, but it was worth it. I will definitely go here again.
1	This was my second time eating here (third time visiting, considering that they turned us away one day when they had a private party...not their fault, but still irritating). The first--about 9 months ago--was slightly better than this one, but unfortunately, this trip was so terrible I will NOT be back. After living in Peru for a while, I wanted my husband to experience the food that I did. We had an expiring "deal" coupon and immediately upon being seated, we were asked about it. The waitress was unpleasant from the beginning and the fact that we were using the deal they advertised seemed to be an inconvenience for her. Meanwhile, we had to sit directly in the sun at a table, instead of in a shaded booth because one of her children had sprawled out across the bench and has no desire to move. Her other toddler child had full run of the restaurant, sucking on cups and walking up to all the guests in the restaurant. COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL. The anticuchos (heart) were the best thing we ordered, but the portions were significantly smaller than our first visit. The chicken and rice soup and chicken salad were fine - not worth the non-deal price tag they charge. The cancha snack is good, but I don't come to a restaurant for the "corn nuts."Hubby ordered the lomo saltado w/mixed meat. The waitress knew she brought the wrong type with steak only, but made no effort to correct the error. At this point, we were already fed up with the service and atmosphere. (Oh, we were seated under the AC duct which brought our food back down to fridge temps within minutes...)MOST disappointing was my "Pescado A La Menier" - grilled fish with lemon, garlic, and white wine/butter sauce (usually $15). Fish was TINY, sauceless with a notable frozen flavor. The vegetables were frozen peas and carrots and the white rice was just that--white rice. I could have made a TV dinner that tasted better than this and provided more value. I was sooo disappointed, as I'd been looking forward to this all day, reading the menu prior to going hoping to pick out something really good.The Inka Kola we ordered never came, but was still on the bill. The waitress made us feel like intruders the entire time. Another couple asked if they could order a menu item above the max allowed for the meal and just pay the difference. They were sternly told absolutely not. No customer service. To their credit, I tried the ceviche on my first visit and it was good, but after seeing how all of the food quality has gotten worse and the service/prices are atrocious, I can't even trust that is still the case and will not be returning.
5	Nothing but good to say about Villa Peru. Very authentic and reasonably priced. I've tried the Leche de Tigre numerous times, the Aji de Gallina, the Causa de Pollo, the Anticuchos, and the Seco de Carne. Everything has been delicious, especially the Seco de Carne and the Leche de Tigre, the latter of which is dynamite when ordered extra spicy. It appears they've applied for a full liquor license so hopefully we'll be enjoying Chilcanos and Pisco Sours here in the not-so-distant future. If Villa Peru keeps putting out the quality they do, I'm sure they'll be a long-term fixture in the Valley's dining scene.
5	We had three seafood dishes since we've been craving seafood for a while an its hard to find fresh seafood in the desert. The ceviche mixto was delicious, the seafood was super fresh, the jalea was great and so was the picante de mariscos!
5	Thank goodness for an excellent Peruvian restaurant in the valley! The ceviche is very fresh and tasty...we've been back a couple times and can't get enough!! The chicken is great as long as they have enough in stock. During one visit they ran out of the rotisserie chicken and we were disappointed. But it won't keep us from going back as the service is super friendly and the food is AWESOME!! Next time we will call ahead to make sure they have enough chicken. : ) I love this place!
4	This place is great. Their food is wonderful.  The only reason they are getting a 4 instead of a five is their service. I want to be clear, they are very polite and nice. Its just refills seem to take forever and the server was understanding when we needed more time (first time ever eating Peruvian food) but he didn't return until he brought out our appetizer, which took time to make and then he finally asked us again if we were ready. But enough explanation for the lost star. Viva Peru has made my entire part y a fan of Peruvian food. Oh yes! Every dish was so flavorful. Who knew soy sauce and french fries would be a combo made in haven? And the carne, my mouth is still watering just thinking about it. I do agree their portions are somewhat small, but that's because you want to keep eating more. We are already planning a return trip just to try the seafood entrees and may have to do one more because sandwiches are only served until 5. This place has really made me a fan of Peruvian food.
3	Papa rellenas, the causa, and pollo saltado are all ive really tried here, its good, but this place is also pretty expensive.
3	Up and down food wise, the lomo saltado was not very good but the apps and the corn were great as were the juices. Friendly service, unremarkable decor and in a strip mall like almost all restaurants in AZ.
1	We wanted to like this place, but Danielle E. is right on. I felt bad for the young guy because he seems nice, but he has absolutely no clue about customer service, the menu, the food, or how to be a waiter. We should have taken the hint to leave after we had to seat ourselves, but we had the Living Social deal too so decided to give it a try. Alas, we had the same issue with the Living Social deal and kind of felt like we were getting screwed with so may exclusions- then when we finally decided on ordering the special roasted chicken (that was advertised on big sign right by the door)- the waiter told us they were out. They were also out of one of the appetizers, alfajores, and all the other desserts except for two. Interesting since it was 6:30 on a Saturday night and there was only one other couple in the entire restaurant. Sadly dinner was not even worth it with the "deal" we were supposed to be getting- my flavorless lomo saltado mix of steak and shrimp literally had three small over-cooked shrimp on top of the chewy over-cooked steak. The person I was with had the tallarines with shrimp and they were so disappointed with the food and the experience that they said they will never come back. We wanted to go up to the other couple and tell them if they want real Peruvian food and decent service to go to El Chullo.
1	Let me lead off by saying:  WHAT A CRAPPY EXPERIENCE.They open at 11 AM on Sundays.  We arrived around 11:05 and were the only ones in the entire restaurant except for the waiter (and, yes, the other opinions given here re:  his level of service are true) and the cooking staff.  Ordered by 11:20.  I was told that my Pollo Rostizado would take about 25 minutes and I agreed that that was OK.  Yucca Frita arrived about 11:30--well-fried and sauces were great.  Wife's Pescado a lo macho arrived about 11:40.  About 12 PM I started getting fidgety, because now 40 minutes had passed post-order and still no chicken.  12:02 PM waiter tells us that my order will be ready in 15 more minutes.  Uh . . . WHAT?  So now we are at a decision point--stick around and wait, or leave hungry and try to find somewhere else to eat?  So we decided to wait.  Pollo arrived around 12:20, too hot to eat (of course), so now I had to wait for it to cool off.  Once it did so, I devoured it in about 15 minutes, and, I must say, it was very good.  Received the bill at about 12:45 PM and it was wrong, but we were too frustrated to dispute.  $43 for two people without drinks.  Restaurant was still completely empty except for one other patron who arrived 5 minutes prior and appeared to be the center of attention whilst we remained only afterthoughts--although we spoke Spanish and definitely are not of the Gringo persuasion.  I hope these folks have return clientele, because if this level of service continues I can't imagine they'll stay in business.  We'll never be back.
4	When my world traveled seasoned date boasted of this superb restaurant he knew, I was intrigued. He wanted to take me to a corner of the world where the dishes were entirely authentic. That I would be wowed by the amazing food. Where the staff was incredibly accommodating and hailed from Peru. I smiled when I heard the name of the restaurant. It wasn't a secret! I'd had the great fortune of visiting before with some other Yelpers. Of course I was in! And I knew *exactly* what I wanted to order. This time I knew where the restaurant was (a nondescript shopping center) and we took advantage of the fine Phoenix weather to sit outside. The tables are smaller outside, more for 1-2 people, and worked wonderfully for quiet conversation. (A folk band ended up playing that night, and a large group had booked the majority of the restaurant. Powerpoint presentation and all!)I ordered in quick succession the Aji de Gallina (shredded chicken in a spicy cream sauce) and we shared the Papa Rellenas (stuffed potatoes). For a beverage I went with the Chicha Morada (made out of purple corn). There was no room for dessert. And there were bountiful amounts of food to box up. (Oof! Best leftovers *ever*!) These two dishes are amazing. I would order them again and again. And again. And right now. (Shhh!)The chicken is spicy, but not so hot that you need to desperately gulp water down. It's rich in a way that's rewarding. Cheese, garlic, nuts and Peruvian chili peppers are blended with cream to fill that belly. Served with white rice. The stuffed mashed potatoes are large (more than an orange) and filled with ground beef and sweet raisins.A delightful treasure of a restaurant without any pretentious formalities. Oh! Oh! Note: The restaurant is BYOB if you're interested. There is a $5 corkage fee per bottle.
1	Dishonesty appears to be ingrained in the management/owners at Villa Peru. We tried to use a Voice Daily deal that was worth $20 toward the bill. They refused to accept it and offered 15% off instead. After repeatedly showing them the daily deal with the name of the restaurant and the 2/28/14 expiration clearly displayed they handed us a cell phone saying it was the "manager." This person also refused to honor the deal. The table in front of us also appeared to have an issue with their experience. The chef/owner came out to talk to them and from what I overheard, it seemed that he was explaining that what they ordered was, in fact, the half chicken and not a quarter chicken as they'd wondered due to a missing wing, thigh, etc. From reading numerous reviews subsequently it would seem that the promotions thing has been an ongoing issue for months. It's a shame that, ourselves included, so many have fallen victim to the old bait-and-switch. When the bill arrived they had failed to apply the discount. I brought this to the server's attention and he took the bill back to apply it. When the bill was returned they'd actually added a dollar onto the cost of one of the items we ordered. The seco de carne is $12.50 on their menu, both in person and on the website, and it was $12.50 on the first bill that was brought out pre-discount. Post discount, it was $13.50.Photos of both the Voice Daily deal and the discounted receipt have been uploaded.It really is unfortunate because I'd been here twice before and had nothing to complain about. However, after the latest visit it's blatantly obvious that Villa Peru's primary concern is cheating the consumer. I would encourage anyone that reads this to avoid them. Such business practices should not be tolerated and any establishment such as this does not deserve to exist.
2	Mediocre overpriced food and poor service. The waitress was too busy chatting with friends and pretty much ignored us most of the time except to ask us to pay up since her shift was over. We were guessing she wanted to get her tip before she left. There was no one else in the place either so her lack of attention was not that she was too busy. Just too busy visiting friends sitting in another booth. My husband said though it wasn't awful, just add some cheese to his sandwich and it would be an overpriced philly steak sandwich.  Nothing specialAfter sitting there maybe 10 minutes we began to notice how hot the place actually was and they had the door open and no AC on. Not even any ceiling fans. We also had to deal with a fly buzzing us and I swear something ran over my foot under the booth. Never again
5	If you want great Peruvian food this place is for you! Absolutely delicious food. And authentic! We use to live in Peru and this has become a new favorite spot. I recommend the Lomo saltado. The service was good too. We'll be back!
4	I was really debating between three and four stars on this one. I came in around 3:30 PM on a weekday and was the only customer there. Of course, the time and day did have to be taken into account. All of the food seemed rather expensive considering the portion size. Since I don't have money falling out of my ass, I settled with ordering one of the cheapest dishes on the menu: anticuchos. I would rate their taste about a 4 out of 5. The waiter who seated me was a high school student who seemed rather nervous but friendly. Oh, and this may seem odd, but my favorite thing about this restaurant was the frosty lemonade. Damn that shit was good. Okay, I've decided; four stars it is, if only for the frosty lemonade. However, if you're trashy like me and looking for a cost effective restaurant, go somewhere else.
2	**DO NOT EAT HERE**I'm really sad to be writing this review.The food is amazing- that's why I'm giving this place two stars instead of one.Our waiter was super accommodating and helped us pick out our food.We got the Lomo Saltado de Carne and the Ceviche de Pescado.Also I tried Chicha Morada (a drink made from purple corn)- so great!Got there around 7 pm. No one was there but us.Amazing. Seriously incredible.When our bill came, we gave him the Living Social deal that would take $25 off of our order.He came back and said they wouldn't take it.We were shocked.We talked with him for a while and he said they'd give us 50%, and we were still not buying it.He said we could have some of his tip money and we refused- we thought it was nice of him to do but there is no way we would have taken it!He said that he called the owner and that we could talk to him about it but we just decided to pay.We thought we were getting the 50% off but they charged us the full amount.Wow.WOW.I'm so sad.Great potential, but I know why it was empty when we arrived.
4	Despite what some of the other reviewers have written, my experiece at Villa Peru was a very good one.  My mom and I were stopping in Phoenix on a road trip and decided to try this place because neither of us had ever had Peruvian food.  I ordered the Arroz con Mariscos and she had Pescado A La Menier.  We both thought the food was excellent.  The service was great, too.  The waiter was very friendly and we did not have to wait very long for our dinner to be served.
5	Delicious ceviche and sauces!
1	To even start this review, I will first like to say that i was raised in Peru until the age of 14, then moved to Miami to live with my family.   I've been in the Military since 18 so i have been accustomed to go to different restaurant and you know "eat".  Thru the years i have experience bad customer service even if the food was great the service will kill a good seasoned meal.   We drove up to the restaurant on a hot Sunday day and i literally had to call the place to see if it was open, the parking lot was empty and there was not a soul in the restaurant.  I should had followed my gut feeling and just leave the place.  Since i'm from Peru, i kinda wanted to eat some good food.   We went into the restaurant and "WE" had to greet the SHY, SOFT SPOKEN, TIMID excuse of a waiter.   so we decided to sit down and look at the menu.  I notice that the place was very clean ( 1+) the menu looked very nice, printed in good quality paper and very colorful (1+).  We started by ordering Pisco Sour (typical alcoholic beverage in Peru),  well come to our disgruntled surprise, they have no liquor license.  On to the next one, so we ordered the Chicha Morada (juice made of heating purple corn in hot pot of water),  It was cold, (great) BUT missing some flavor as well as the cut up small pieces of apple to increase the flavor. (-2).   So as we were looking at the appetizers i notice that they had ANTICUCHOS, me coming from the capital of Peru (LIMA)  we are known for the anticuchos, especially "en el barrio" (the hood), so we called the (timid waiter) and decided to try the anticuchos, as we are sitting there looking at the menu we started wonder why it was so quiet.  Well let me see, there was no music playing.  I mean even the hole in the walls have some music playing and the top restaurants have either piano music or the sound of the ocean playing in the background. the appetizer:  the Anticuchos came in a plate with in two sticks of 6 pieces (anticuchos are made from cow heart).  From what i remember it was supposed to be well done, seasoned, juicy and not a red center.   The anticuchos that we had were a little red inside, not juicy enough.  (3-)We decided to order the Lomo Saltado, Pollo a la brasa, and the Salchipapa (for the kid) Lomo Saltado:  (made from seasoned steak, White rice, French fries.   The flavor was not there,  no hint of aji amarillo (yellow pepper) which is used to give that extra flavor and spice.  not enough garlic,  Rice was definitely not on point.  We peruvians love rice.  Portion was okay nothing to impressive.  (-3)Pollo a la brasa:  Now this is a plate i haven't had in over 10 years.  From what i remember pollo a la brasa, is supposed to be well seasoned, tasteful and EXTREMELY JUICY!!  this chicken was dry, not juicy at all and it truly felt like they warmed it up in the microwave (-5)Salchichapa:  typical barrio appetizer.  You can buy them from the side streets in the little carts.   FIRST OF ALL, what makes salchipapa is the cream, without the cream or sauce, it's really just fries with hotdog.  the timid server, brought the plate with ketchup and mayo on the side,  i looked at him dumbfound wondering if the cream will come later but never arrived, come to find out it was that they ran out of it.  ON A SUNDAY WITH NO CUSTOMERS AT ALL.   GREAT (-6). Coming from Peru whose grandma owned and was a chef at her restaurant, I am impaled to say and critic this restaurant on a high level of criticism.  Peruvian cuisine is one of the Top cuisines in the world.  to close this out: Service was not up to part,  Food was mediocre,  price was not bad but do i have repeat (you get what you paid for)  that statement really represents this restaurant.  I sincerely do not recommend this place. minus 19!!
4	Great service. Fresh food. Clean and simple atmosphere. Menus were professionally printed with great photos.  Odd location in retail plaza for the price point. In the same area as Big Lots which didn't make sense.  Ceviche was wonderful !
4	Ok... Went here to see my friend play...  He says the food was good... Heard that before... I went in it's really small but it's ok.. I e been in smaller spots. I ordered the Lomo Saltado... My friend ordered the ceviche and fried calamari... Everything was... Really good! Best Lomo Saltado I've had in Arizona... The aji sauce was great too! I will be coming back! I just wish the portions were bigger compared to the price. I don't mind paying a little more here for good Peruvian.. Beats paying less for sub par food I don't want to eat. All in all good place try em out.
3	They food is okay but let meJust start the food portion is not okay it's extremely small for what you pay for. Every Peruvian restaurant I have ever been to besides this one, the food portion is decent or extremely large. That being said this place is okay, but if you are going to charge me 15 dollars for a plate than I expect portions to be a bit better
2	I felt bad because I was telling my husband how much I love Peruvian food. he had found this place, and we stopped by for dinner. The food looked like it had been sitting out all day, the flavor was lacking, and the service was slow considering there were only two other tables there.
2	Went In on a Thursday night around 7. The restaurant was completely empty, I went in with with my boyfriend and son. Service was okay, the girl took to long in between to check up on us probably cause she was busy talking behind the counter. Food was ordered at the same time and my boyfriend got his first and I had to wait another 10 min, which my bf was almost done with his food by the time I got mine. Food was good but not for the price, definitely over charging. Wouldn't recommend or go back
4	On both visits place was  almost empty. On each visitI asked them to order for me. This was to eat what they thought was their best  Previously I had been to a former Peruvian restaurant twice and preferred that place  Not because I have even the smallest amount of knowledge. Just gut feeling  On both visits I found this place to be friendly. I really appreciate not getting large portions.It doesn't add to enjoyment but does to my size.
4	Nice surprise...I've driven past for 3 years & never noticed it!  Dad can cook!  Mom was our wonderful waitress...My wife had a beef dinner with soy marinade, rice & veggies... Totally Delish!  I had a beef sandwich that was very tasty.  We shared some plantains...Mmmm Good.  We'll be back!  Maybe some soft Peruvian music next time & I'll give it 5 stars.
5	I'm surprised to see so many less than stellar reviews! I found the place to be incredibly charming, with a very 'mom-and-pop' feel--which makes sense, considering a mom and pop own it, and their son is the waiter. I had purchased a deal from Living Social and wasn't expecting much, having never eaten Peruvian food before. I was blown away by the quality of the food! The chicken was so full of flavor I finished it in record time, the rice was amazing (I debated asking for another serving of it just to take home), the purple corn dessert was out of this world. I will be going back for sure!!
