5	I go just for the massage chair and the old school foot massage.  Nowadays it costs extra to have your legs/feet massaged while getting a pedi.  At Nail Tech, they are all instructed to include a massage with the pedi.  The chairs (only four, as opposed to several rows of chairs at other salons) are like no other.  The remotes aren't worn out or taped up, and you can actually imagine it being a real massage.  I had a man doing my pedi and ended up telling him that the way his massage was the best I've ever had...and I get a lot of massages! But seriously, the ladies don't put enough pressure while doing it.  But he made me blush! lol
1	They were horrible! I had three different people working on me and they seemed as if they did not know what they were doing. Don't have a guy named Dan work on you. Dan did my pedi and was not thorough the massage was not worth it it was hard to communicate with him he did not even do as I asked . I did the deluxe pedi and it totally sucked. I will never go back not worth it! I also did a mani and it sucked as well.
4	I was very pleased with my experience here. I dropped in and waited maybe 5 minutes before my pedicure got underway. They had plenty of polish, the pedicure chairs and bowls were great, the tech was friendly and not rushed, everything was sterilized, etc. And all for just $20!Now, sure, it is far from a Strip spa pedicure experience, but it was definitely better than any other strip mall pedicure experience. The space is un-cluttered and nice and clean. And while the scrubbing and massaging left a bit to be desired, my toes look fantastic. I even opted for a design for an extra $5. And hands-down it is the best design my toes have ever been painted with.I will absolutely be coming here again.
3	It's well kept and nicely appointed. I will say bring your own polish otherwise, I had a great gel mani and thorough pedi! I enjoyed it and was pleasantly surprised!
4	.They do a great job and great prices. Tao is awesome
4	They're quick, they're friendly, and they exfoliate my feet to within a millimeter of their baby soft lives.  My only dock on the 5 stars is that the 'ten minute massage' is not even NEAR ten minutes.  You're lucky if you get 5.
5	Ashley at Nail Tech is amazing.  I have been going to her for almost a year now and followed her from another salon over to nail tech which is farther from my house but worth every mile of extra drive.    She is attentive, fair as in she doesn't try to oversell you. Upsell when it makes sense but she does not  try to sell you treatments or products that don't make sense.  I would always make an appointment the salon can get busy.  Ashley is always very timely, making sure her appointments are not kept waiting.
5	Love it here! They speak English!
1	CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS!!! I was extremely disappointed and shocked yesterday by the owner's unprofessionalism! I have been a loyal customer for 3 years (I went weekly). I walked in yesterday and was yelled at by her that I didn't show up for my appointment last week! I never made an appointment for last week because I was on vacation. That was her mistake! She had the nerve to yell at me in front of all of the customers that were there! How embarrassing! When I got back from vacation, I called and spoke to one of her employees to set up an appointment. After she yelled at me for not showing up last week, she then told me that I didn't have an appointment and asked if I could come back. Her employee even told her that I called to make an appointment. Miraculously, it disappeared! After being loyal for so many years, I DO NOT deserve to be treated this way! There are so many nail shops in town and any one of them will be happy to have my business! TAO, tip for the future - DON'T embarrass a customer in front of another customer! Not good business!!! (Especially coming from someone who is in the customer service industry)
2	I haven't done my nails in awhile so I decided to take my little cousin and I to Nail Tech. The service was okay. I got lost and arrived late to my appointment literally two minutes late. When I arrived, the lady at the front desk had given away my appointment.The whole manicure process was very rushed. The guy that did my cousin's nails did not speak English and had very shaky hands. Her gel polish manicure did not look up to par. My gel acrylic ended up the way I wanted to but the price was not what was projected on the phone. We ended up paying more than we expected. I would not recommend this place but it is very clean and convenient if you are in a rush.
5	This is the most awesome nail place I have been to in Vegas. The staff is incredibly personable and make you feel like you are a valued customer. The only downside of their amazing customer service is there is sometimes a wait if you are a walk-in because they are so thorough with their services. I have only gotten pedicures there and have walked out incredibly satisfied with the product multiple times. The polish lasts for at least two weeks. My nails always look amazing and my feet feel fantastic when I leave every time. I trust this place to do amazing work and will only go here for as long as I live in Henderson. Thank you, Nail Tech!!
5	I have been going to Nail Tech to four years and would never go anywhere else. The staff is awesome and personable. I look forward to getting my nails done every two weeks and never have an issue with scheduling my appointment.. I love, love Nail Tech and the staff.
3	The price I paid for a combo gel mani gel pedi was $70.If you ask me, I am from LA and with this amount of money you can get an excellent service with comp drinks and other amenities. The place itself is ok, nothing fancy. I called for an appointment and asked for someone really good as I am really picky.The tech I was assigned was polite and seemed like she was doing a decent job. Once I exited the salon, in the bright sun, I could see all the imperfections on my nails: bulky corners filled with extra polish, weirdly shaped nails on the edges, bubbles, and uneven application. The following day I went to the pool and polish started peeling on some nails, because the it had been applied on the cuticle and water got underneath it. Overall, the price was not really worth it.
4	Thao was my tech on my last visit.  She was fantastic.  I have visited this location more than a few times and it seems the salon keeps a very skilled staff, as I had services with different techs with each visit; and much time passed between each service.  It was nice to have experienced a proper spa/gel pedi while I lived in the area.  I hope I can find techs in my new area with the same standard of skill and cleanliness.
5	I have been going to this nail salon for over three years. I have to say it is the CLEANEST, friendliest (like Cheers..they know your name when you walk in!)The BEST nail work I have seen... I love going here. The pedi with Henry are always AMAZING! Lee, Tiffiney, Henry, Nick and the whole gang keep up the awesome service!
5	Leena did my nails and feet when I was in town for vacation.   I have to say it was as good as what I get back home.  She was very friendly.   I would definitely recommend them to everyone.   It was busy and I did have to wait for about 10 minutes.   Will definitely come back when I am in the area again.  I was very impressed.
1	I scheduled an appt days in advance for 11 am, got there a few minutes early and proceeded to wait for over 30 minutes because the guy was late. They kept giving me excuses that he rides a motorcycle like that's a valid reason to be late. Finally I gave in and got up to leave as I was leaving he pulled up at that point there was NO way I was going to let him touch my nails. If he couldn't care enough to show up to work then why should I think he would care enough to do a good job on my nails. So I left and walked into another salon and they got me in right there on the spot and she did an amazing job!
5	Came to visit my friend on vacation. She treated me to a mani and pedi. I had the pleasure of meeting Kimberly who is very attentive, creative, friendly and just awesome! It was a pleasure meeting her and I'm beyond happy with my mani and pedi! I'm totally coming back to Kimberly next time I'm in town.
4	They are always friendly and they have remodeled. I haven't been here in probably a year only because we moved away from the area. But they still remembered us and do a great job. Prices are the same as you would pay any where else. It feels good to relax.
5	Went there and had a great mani/pedi.  Very reasonable for the services provided.  Ask for Tina.  She is excellent
4	Have been coming to this nail salon for years and they have recent changed management and service continues to be good. Cleanliness of a nail salon are very important to me and everything is sanitized and nail cutting equipment is placed in an autoclave and each sterile package is opened in front of you. The skill of the technicians is also great and I would recommend both Bea and Tiffany for your nail needs.
5	I love it here! The business is very clean, which is rare for a lot of nail spots. Although I prefer Tina or Lee to do my pedicures, the whole staff here is EXCEPTIONALLY good and professional. The prices are good and not overpriced, like most nail salons in this area. The staff pays close attention to detail. They are very meticulous with pedi's and mani's. They don't just touch your feet for a few seconds...they give you a good massage. After coming here for over a year, I feel like I'm family/Vietnamese. Lol! Stop by, you won't be disappointed!!! They also have free wifi..
5	I love lee's work ,she always make sure that my nails looks fabolous....love this place very clean ,cleanliness is always a big plus,and very friendly staff...highly recomended...
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! After seeing a friend with cute Patriots artwork on her nails I decided to check this place out, despite living clear across town (Summerlin). After experiencing MANY nail spots all over Las Vegas I have to say that this one beats them all, hands down!I made a same day appt w/ Lee, a sweet young woman. She took her time w/ me, even though they were EXTREMELY busy. She didn't even skimp on the hand massage, which most nail shops do whether they're busy or not. She also carefully cleaned up around my nails, which about 97% of other nail spots don't do either. It might seem insignificant but I notice the small details (so does Lee) and I'm just thankful I gave this place a chance, especially after being so disappointed with others.Lastly, they are very reasonably priced. I've spent twice the amount  at other places w/ less than half the service & results. She didn't try to up charge for every little thing. They just picked up another repeat customer. Give them a shot. You won't be disappointed!
5	Lee always takes good care of me.... she's the absolute best! If you're looking for a great pedicure then look no more.  Great designs and relaxing massage at a fair price..... Can't wait to come back!
