4	Dude how could I not be a fan when my first experience with this place is that they hand me a gigantic, free chicken burrito??  I hope that they get some spillover traffic from the Subway next door, because I can tell the locals that own the franchise are workin' hard and I don't want them to get eaten by economy like so many other local businesses (i.e., papa george, sweet indulgence, pages for all ages)
4	The service is really great and the food is tasty.  I wouldn't give them the full 5 stars because the burritos are a little dry.  However - they do know how to make a fish taco and the fish they use is delicious!
3	The service is pretty good.I've tried their tacos and burritos, both the chicken chipotle and steak varieties. Neither really has much flavor. You can try to compensate by adding a lot of toppings, like everyone does there, but then they just taste like undressed salads.
4	I had the honey grilled chicken burrito.  I thought it was good.  You can choose white rice, spanish rice, pinto beans, black beans to add to it.  You also have the choice of tomato, onion, lettuce, hot sauce or mild, sour cream.   The people working there were very helpful and let me try samples of the chicken before ordering.  I didn't give it 5 stars because I don't think it's there yet.  Also, the fish tacos are really awesome.
4	Good tofu burritos are hard to come by in Champaign-Urbana. In fact, the Cactus Grill offers the only one I know of at a restaurant in town ... with some nicely grilled veggies. It's an independent, tasty burrito joint in Champaign, IL, so of course it's not quite what you might find in Arizona or California or whatever -- but the food is good and the folks behind the counter know how to use a tortilla.
2	Having passed this place up several times on my way to Subway, I decided to take a chance to try something new.  I am a big fan of this style of burrito places, in general (Qdoba, Chipotle, etc.).The special for the day was 3 Chicken Tacos for $4.99.  Given the price, I wasn't expecting too much, but I was actually rather disappointed.  The chicken (their Chicken Chipotle) was mostly tasteless.  I did have the opportunity to choose between flour and corn tortillas, and I ended up getting 2 flour and 1 corn.  The corn tortilla pretty much disintegrated due to the salsa that was on the taco.  The salsa was supposed to be spicy, but I didn't really start tasting it either until the third taco was almost gone.Anything extra you want to add (jalapenos, guacamole, etc) are all extra charges.   Honestly, I've had better chicken tacos at Taco Bell, and that's just sad. :(On the upside, the service was pretty decent.  I was offered a sample of their chicken choices and the steak.  The person ringing me up was trying to do something else also, so she was pretty rushed, but was otherwise friendly.I will probably give it one more chance and order a burrito next time, since that seems to be their strong suit.  I'd really like to see it succeed since it seems to be locally owned and would be a nice alternative to the campus spots (which i don't get to frequent much due to traffic/parking/etc.).   They need to step up the taste a bit though.
3	As someone who works in the Neil Street area, I am dismayed that most lunch times options are limited to typical restaurant chains.  Luckily, I can count on Cactus Grill when I want a fast lunch that is less corporate than a McBurger.The quality of the food is near mediocre; some ingredients really shine, but others somehow always disappoint.  Many of the meats (chicken, steak) are chewy and dry, though they're left to soak in their juices before service (doesn't help, unfortunately).  For my meat option, I usually stick with the fish, which is deep-fried in a panko-like batter.  The fish dishes also usually come with a drizzle of creamy chipotle sauce, yum.Recently I bought a burrito with cilantro-lime rice and black beans.  The rice is an unmistakable (but poor) imitation of the rice from Chipotle, with cilantro that is never mixed in evenly.  When I bit into the beans, I realized they were still...undercooked?  I was pretty surprised by this discovery as most places use pre-made, canned beans rather than beans cooked in-store...so compliments to homemade beans, but disappointment at undercooked beans.Despite my criticisms, I still return to Cactus Grill every other week to pick up food.  It's not luxury, but I don't expect too much from lunch on a weekday.
2	I *really* wanted to at least add a star to my review of Cactus Grill on a return visit, but I'm very disappointed to say that I can't bring myself to do so.It happens to be very convenient to my work to go, so I decided to go on a day when burritos were the special of the day.  Wednesday's special is  Steak Burrito for $4.99, so I went with that, even though everyone who DOES like this place says that the Honey Grilled Chicken is the way to go.   Since I was getting the special, I decided to get a side of chips and salsa, thinking that just in case the burrito was terrible, at least I could snack on the chips.To their credit, the burrito was much better fare than my previous experience with the tacos.  I got the cilantro rice and black beans, but the steak just does not have that much flavor.   I got the spicy green salsa, and this salsa does carry some heat with it when you have quite a bit of it at once.  It had very little shredded cheese on it, which could have at least been a saving grace if there had been more -- they should think about going with a cheese sauce (ala Qdoba's Steak Queso burrito).  Overall, it was food and probably a decent deal for the $5 special, but I wasn't impressed on taste.So...the chips.   These were not even close to the life preserver for which I was hoping.  The chips were cold, HARD, and downright inedible.  They were only barely salted, and honestly, I was afraid I might chip a tooth.  I ate about 4, and that's all I could bear.  I got the hot salsa with those as well, and even tried soaking them a bit, but I ended up throwing most of them away.I'm sorry to those who do enjoy Cactus Grill and can't understand why I'm down on them.  Like I said before, I would like to see them succeed.  There is a severe lack of variety for lunch on south Neil near my work, and this would be a nice location if the food was more up to par.  I will give it one more shot with the chicken, just because i like burritos but refuse to fight the campus parking/traffic.  If it improves significantly, I will post an update.
4	Really like this place.  Daily lunch specials are my regular choice, $4.99 each.  The burritos are tasty and a good size and everything is fresh.
4	I love that Cactus Grill offers tofu as a filling in their tacos and burritos.  The quality of the vegetables is a plus.
2	I really do dislike writing bad reviews for anything, but I feel this experience merits a warning. I just moved here from south Texas, was really craving Mexican food, and felt too lazy to go sit in a restaurant, so delivery it was. I ordered a cheese quesadilla (with onion and tomato for a sad attempt at pico de gallo), and chips and salsa.The quesadilla was incredibly greasy, the tomato chunks were quite large, and the onion was far too overpowering for my taste. The chips and salsa were another matter. The chips were edible, but they weren't my favorite. And warning with the salsa, if you order the spicy salsa, expect green salsa. I'm used to red, so the possibility of green didn't even cross my mind. I'm not a fan of green salsa, so my dislike is likely an artifact of my dislike of green salsa in general, not this specific salsa.Plus side? The food was delivered about half an hour earlier than estimated.Looking at the rest of the reviews, it doesn't appear that Cactus Grill is ALWAYS bad, so maybe mine was just a bad experience, but still...TL;DR: greasy quesadilla, hard chips, green salsa, searching for another Mexican restaurant
5	Honestly one of the best quick meals that I really enjoy. I go there a lot. The same few guys are usually working and whip the food up quick. They have a $4.99 daily deal that always hits the spot and their honey grilled chicken oh honey don't get me started That and their steak quesadillas are my regular. Chips and guac is a must you get a monster guac thing so you don't run out I hate when I run out of guac. There fish burrito is good too load up on the special fishy sauce I like it. The tacos are good too. Man everything is good and you should just check this spot out. I don't really mess with the delivery cause it takes like 30 minutes and you can be in and out in 5. You can win a free burrito at the gumball machine but I'm currently 0 for like 100 so not likely. But yeah this place is better then waiting in that chipotle line plus I just like it more better bang for your buck!
4	Has one of the widest varieties of options for varieties for a burrito chain I've even been to. I love that they have tofu as an option but I also can get fish tacos if I'm feeling that. The daily special's are a plus, which made lunch here affordable. They also do free or $1 burrito day which is AWESOME. Good quality food, decent prices, and the management is fantastic. I keep going back when I'm in town. Love it.
3	Not bad, but not impressive either. Too expensive unless you get the daily special. I'll stick to Maize next time.
5	So I'm back here to change my review. And they have really gotten better. Honey grilled chicken burritos on monday are the BOMB! I try to make it here once a week. Delivery has gotten much better and I tend to get my order in under an hour. Go Cactus Grill!
3	Just ordered the steak burrito. I thought the meat was good but on the whole a very simple meal..nothing special. Decent delivery time and decent prices makes this a decent place to order from.
2	I ordered the steak burrito today and placed my order at 11:08.  12:55 rolls around and still no food so I called the store to see what the holdup was.  The guy on the other end says he'd get in touch with the delivery driver and see what was going on; this after telling me it should be 33 minutes because his driver was on my side of town.  I hung up expecting that he'd call and give me a new more accurate time to expect my food but 1:10 comes without a call and at this point I'm ready to cancel my order unless they're willing to take off some of the price for the long wait.  As I'm on the phone with him the second time my food finally came.   I shouldn't have tipped the driver but I did after he said that he'd gotten lost.  On to the food itself.  The flavor was good when I tasted it.  Very unevenly distributed throughout my lukewarm meal in what  should have been a satisfyingly large burrito.  The rice was very bland in many parts and the sauce was a far cry from what I consider spicy.  To be fair I grew up in Texas so they may have been catering to Midwestern spicy which isn't nearly spicy enough for a south/southwest pallet.  For the $12 I paid after the tip, I should have gotten much better for my money.  Oh and how they justify a $2 charge for delivery (which I found out after the driver was long gone) is beyond me.  It's too bad because I really wanted to like this place.  Maybe I'll have a better experience dining in but I might not have the stomach or wallet to give them a second chance.  A free or largely discounted meal would go a long way in chalking this up to a fluke.
2	Mediocre mexican. Priced awesome if you get the special and it's only about $5 for lunch. There wasn't any flavor when I ordered a steak bowl. I prefer Pancheros or Chipotle over Cactus Grill.
4	I started going to Cactus Grill as a student, then continued to make it a regular lunch stop after I stayed in Champaign for a couple years following graduation. I've missed it ever since I moved away. St. Louis has plenty of great food, including great Mexican, but I've never had anything quite like my regular order at Cactus Grill.Their Honey Grilled Chicken is delicious. I get it on tacos with corn tortillas and all the toppings (mild salsa for me). I've been gone so long I can't remember what day, but on one day three of these tacos is their special.I was back in town yesterday for the day, and had a full day of activity and eating, but I still made it a point to stop by and grab one of these tacos on my way back out of town. Wish I could get three more today. Come to St. Louis please!
5	I've been going here at least once a week for the past year or so. The food is consistently great, the staff is very friendly, and they are able to make your meal quickly.This is basically like a local version of Chipotle. The menu is very similar. But, in my opinion, Cactus Grill has much better food. The $5.25 daily specials are a steal as well!I highly recommend the honey grilled chicken burrito or the fish burrito.
