5	Love this studio! It's huge and clean. The instructors are friendly and the people who go there don't have the yoga attitude I find prevalent in the city. They offered heated Vinyasa based yoga, which I love. They have free towels for you to use. And I find this yoga not just a fitness type yoga. I would say it's my favorite yoga studio hands down. And yes, I've been to every Vinyasa based yoga studio in the city.
5	Yoga flow is a small studio located on Walnut Street.  It's heated Vinyasa flow yoga.If you're a beginner, I suggest going to the beginners class or to a community class, which are slower and more instructive than the all levels classes.The studio is inviting and friendly, they have mats you can rent and free towels and blocks.  The prices are reasonable ($9 for drop in, $7 for students).  Saturday morning classes can be crowded, but I've always had enough room.I highly recommend this studio! Take Jesse's 6:15am class and you will feel amazing after.
5	I agree with the reviewers below, this is one of my favorite hot yoga spots! It is super clean, not too crowded, and I liked every instructor I had so far. The heat level is good, and you really feel amazing after a class! Other places in town I have left class stressed out and/or claustrophobic  due to overcrowded rooms or cranky instructors. I ordered the Groupon for a month unlimited and it was WELL worth my money! I love the early morning classes! I am definitely signing up for another package once this one expires!
5	I really enjoy going to Yoga Flow.  I was searching for a yoga studio that is affordable (I'm a student and this place offer the cheapest student rate I can find), closer to my apartment and good environment.  Yoga Flow meets all my requirement.  It usually not too crowded.  Not like another hot yoga studio that put duck tape on the floor as marks for you to put your mat down that is only few inches apart from others.  The instructors are pretty good too.  I like the fact that they all teach in their own style, and not exactly the same in every class.
5	Try it, you'll feel like a million bucks. :)
5	I love Yoga Flow--it's the perfect spot for early morning stretching and centering--the 6:15am class is a great way to get the day started!  The instructors are very helpful and encouraging, helping you understand what the poses are supposed to feel like and making sure that you're doing the poses so you can get the most out of them.  They also walk through during the class and make physical adjustments to improve your posture on the poses.The studio is usually somewhere in the 90s and I think it's a great temperature for keeping your muscles nice and flexible and getting a little bit more sweaty, but not so hot that it's hard to breathe.  The style of the studio is also something I really enjoy and helps keep me focused during class--keeping the lighting low with a few candles around so there's nothing distracting and you can focus on your own practice.I definitely recommend trying them out--there's a variety of pricing options, including single drop-in classes, discounts for buying multiple classes at once and discounts on student passes too.  The prices are definitely reasonable for the quality of experience you'll get.  There are beginner classes and classes for all levels, with all the teachers being really good about offering modifications if a student is injured or less experienced or needs more of a challenge in certain poses.
5	Started going to Yoga Flow a month ago because they offer student lead $5 classes on Tuesday and Sunday. They students are very well taught and lead excellent classes. The Hot Room is unbelievably awesome! If you've never taken yoga give it a shot - you won't be disappointed.
3	I would definitely recommend that people try out studios for themselves since yoga is such a personal preference type of thing, but for me, this is more of a 3.5 star yoga studio mainly just in comparison to the other studios that I love (in other cities).Main things I personal find lacking/would change about this studio:*no locker room - there's just a bathroom with a shower, which is kept clean and in good condition*although I LOVE heated yoga, the temperature is a little hotter than I normally prefer.  I think it's usually around 97-99 degrees.  *I'm more of a power yoga type of yogi, so for me, the poses are all held a little bit too long for more liking.  Things I like about the studio:*while, I am more of a power yoga type of person, I do appreciate the extra time they take to warmup/stretch in the beginning.  *Like I mentioned, they like to hold all the poses for awhile, so the class is a 75 minute class.*pricing is fairly reasonable and comparable to other yoga studios*Location is so convenient!
4	The basic classes are good for a beginner and intermediate students. Very calm atmosphere
5	Pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoy the yoga practice here.  Every teacher is different yet I leave each class feeling incredible.  I'm here in Pittsburgh for a few months and recommend this studio over amazing yoga down the street.
5	I love love love this studio. I tried the location on Walnut Street and the one in Aspinwall.Let me emphasize how much I appreciate that they clean the floors before and after practice, that you can use their tea tree oil sprays to clean up your mats (I have seen a  few yoga studios in Pittsburgh and this is by far the cleanest and the best).Their teachers come in all forms, ethnicities, shapes and styles of practice. And I love that! I am slightly tired of the yoga teacher who looks like is ready to perform on a cat walk. They are mindful of their students and that is a plus.
5	I've been here like more than one month and I feel much better than before. Every time after I did yoga here, I'm exhausted but feel like reborn.
5	The thing I like most about this studio is the variety here. Each teacher has their own style & I have a few favorites (Grace & Ryan). All of the teachers I have encountered are very friendly & and helpful though. The studio is hot, sometimes hotter than others (especially if there is a class before yours), but I prefer a hot studio. They have free towels, which is a nice perk. They also have a shower, but I have never used it.Some other studios I've been too seem to move too slow or aren't challenging enough, while others move too fast & I barely feel like I'm doing yoga anymore. This one paces things about right. They also started incorporating level 2/3 classes into the schedule, which I like a lot. These classes allow students to try new poses or push themselves a little farther than they thought they might be able to go, while at the same time they teach things in stages so you always have a pose to be in if you can't do the full expression of the pose. I always feel relaxed & energized after leaving classes here. The teachers are always encouraging, yet remind you that yoga isn't a competition with your neighbor at the same time.  I also feel like I get more instruction and better tips on poses here than at any other studios in the city. This one is definitely my favorite!
5	Get here early because the classes fill up fast! Great experience regardless of your level. I'm currently a beginner and was able to follow along using provided modifications when needed. You'll leave here hella sweaty but feeling good!
4	This studio is a great tool for developing a personal yoga practice. It is a hot yoga studio with a nice variety of instructors that bring their own unique teaching style to class.  The studio is nice and clean and the instructors are attentive and engaging.  Relaxing music plays in the background as you move through your practice. They switch things up on Friday nights with their power yoga class with funky music.  I have the luxury of going during their off hours in the middle of the day and can spread out without worrying about hitting my neighbor. Trust me, coming from New York City where everyone is stacked on top of each other, this is a definite plus!!  Most of the classes they offer are level 1&2 (primarily to create a basic awareness of yoga positions and practice) and they are starting to incorporate more level 2&3 classes.  Overall I am a fan of this studio and leave each class feeling invigorated and accomplished! Definitely worth checking it out since their new student and drop-in rates are affordable.
5	You know what- this place deserves 5 stars for keeping me motivated to practice yoga. I've floated around here and there, but I really haven't stuck with it for more than a month until I came to this studio.I like Yoga Flow because:1. decent student discount2. no reservations needed for classes (no lame cancellation window)3. variety with instructorsThey also have some interesting classes Friday afternoons and assorted events.
5	I've practiced here off and on for about two years. Some teachers are better than others.  Try a class with Jesse. Standard vinyasa style hot yoga. Hand towels are included. Rates are fair for Pittsburgh. $5 community classes (taught by teachers in training) are a bargain.
