5	Waitrose is definitely more expensive than the other grocery stores, but since its the closest to me, I'm in there almost every day. I don't do my main grocery shopping with them, but if I'm shopping for anything that can fit in a bag or two, then I'm off to Waitrose. I have to admit, it does seem like their prices are getting lower; or everyone else is getting more expensive. I'll have to look into that. heheI've been a regular with them since they opened a few years ago, and have nothing bad to report at all.The staff are extremely kind, helpful, friendly and always up for a small chat here and there. Any issues at all are dealt with immediately. Not that I can think of any issues I've had with them. :-)They have quality food thats always in stock and I think maybe once in the past few years they ran out of something I was looking for....popcorn seeds. hehe They also bring in new food items regularly, so there is always something new to fill our bellies with.Because of my growing boys, this Waitrose branch has become a second home for me, and I'd recommend them to anyone. :-)
4	I do love a good grocery store. This is the largest and nicest one that I've come across in this part of the city so far. It has a bit of an upscale feel to it, with some attention paid to aesthetics and packaging. It's no Whole Foods, but it will do. Nice cheese counter, bakery section, wine selection. I would have hoped for a little better from the produce section, but I suppose I need to adjust my expectations to the local climate and season.
3	I used to be a MASSIVE fan of waitrose. I would come here for all my foody delights, be it for a beautiful tart, fresh vegetables, or good veggie food.Recently, I have worked out that a lot of it is just good marketing. Like Waitrose, marks and spencers also sells itself as being a slightly more upmarket, luxurious brand. This really rings true when one tries their ready meals, which are superb in comparison to Tesco. That said, I'm not a big one for ready meals, so let's take a look at some of the other fresh produce:Fruit and vegetables: Good selection, a few slightly more exotic options like pak choi and enoki mushrooms. They also often sell blood oranges. These options are expensive though, and dare I say it, inferior to the ones at lidls. Bakery: Wonderful fresh French bread and croissants. Not so wonderful cakes. Had many cakes here which tasted either dry/stale or just very creamy without much real substance. The cookies at sainsburies are 10 times better. They do stock some good pre-made cakes though, like honeybuns gluten free brownies. Store cupboard: Lots of exciting sauces to suit every cuisine: Thai, Japanese, Italian. Biscuits from around the world, including amaretti and Spanish tortas. The prices are pretty steep though.Fridge: A few vegetarian options, mainly overpriced. Many delicious juices and smoothies, great looking desserts, from spotted dick and custard to French macaroons. Again, the prices aren't so great. There is a good selection of yogurts and cheeses, again though, these can be found elsewhere for a much better price tag. It is worth getting the fresh pasta here though, fantastic options including pumpkin ravioli and gluten free chickpea pasta. If you have to get a ready meal, go for the chana masala, it is admittedly delicious...Freezer: Some delicious ice cream options from time to time, vegetarian options, a few novelties like frozen ravioli.What I like: Lots of variety, very continental. A few exotic things which are hard to get like guarana Antarctica, good selection of wines. Yummy desserts and good quality fruit. One of the only places to buy marsala wine and polenta.What I don't like: Very overpriced, sneaky marketing skills which make you feel like you're getting something better here, as evidenced by the price tag.Foodies could quite easily get overwhelmed here and end up spending a load on stuff that could be bought elsewhere. I know, because I used to be one of them.
4	They have got those brands that you cannot get anywhere else. As of late they do try to compete with the former upmarket supermarkets like Sainsburys. It's known that Waitrose is synonymous with quality. Prices reflect this. I would not shop here for the daily shop or even the known brands. My recommendation is to get your exclusive brands or special flavours as that is what they do well. Wines, spirits, meats, juices and chocolates. As Tanja already said: "you get what you pay for". The fresh meat and fish counters are a delight to shop at. For good quality bargains choose the essentials range.
3	This place scares me.I don't often shop at big stores like this. No, it's not a hipster thing (ok... it's kind of a hipster thing) but ever since moving into Stockbridge, my favourite Sunday activity is visiting all the little local spots to grab groceries for the week. There's something charming about swinging into the butchers and then down to the bakery for tonight's dinner.But not everything can be found at a little haunt and sometimes, my bank account gets mad at me and I have to venture into a big spot like this.The thing I will point out (as many before me have) is that the quality of their store brand here is excellent. Much better than the Tesco stuff I found my first few weeks (that's the extent of my big box groceries though, so take this with a grain of salt I suppose). From the produce, to the pre-made salads (the beetroot and quinoa is excellent! Oh gosh, I AM a hipster!), to the interesting pre-made meal finds - it's a nice step up from your normal big box selection.Plus, they stock three different kinds of Yamazaki whisky. Coming from Canada where you can't find this in the MOST exclusive shops - this tickles me.So I would be a huge fan of this place, if it didn't give me complete and utter anxiety every time I set foot in the place. It is SO DAMN BUSY. ALL THE TIME!I don't know if it's because there's a online pick up area right at the front (which is handy), or because i'm too used to my Sunday shop strolls, but this place seems like a bit of a zoo every time i've been in. Which would be ok I suppose if the lines moved a bit quicker at check out and there were more people to lead this lost Canadian to the right aisle, but as it stands - though useful, it's a rather unpleasant shopping experience.I'll keep coming here for big ticket items and when I get my arse in gear to do a big shop, but I doubt it will make it on the regular rotation any time soon.
4	When I moved from Surrey to Scotland one of the very few things I missed was Waitrose.  Living in Falkirk, we didn't even have a Sainsbury's but my Waitrose withdrawal ended when we moved to Edinburgh - where there is not only one - but TWO Waitroses to meet the foodie needs of North and South.  I would never consider Waitrose to be my regular grocery store - I suppose that's where the missing star goes.  It's more of a treat - like going to a food hall of a posh department store.  The cleaning supplies and toiletries are a bit more than at other shops and the selection isn't as good - but they are there in case of emergency.  The true delight comes in the more interesting selection of fresh fruit and veg - far more greens that any other supermarket - and even most independent grocers.  Bok Choi, kales (whole not shredded), chard.... perfect for green juices!  Great cheeses, meats, fresh baked breads and the amazing dessert aisle!!  The salted caramel brownies from Maison Blanc are incredible!!The Strockbridge/Comely Bank location is ideal for when you have other things to do in town and the free parking garage is a great bonus.  Another bonus - free tea and coffee if you have a 'My Waitrose' card.  Ah, Waitrose - you do spoil us!!
