5	What can I say?  It is like getting the same cup of caramel familiarness in any other city.When I am away from home, I always stop by a Starbucks.  Furthermore, ever notice that Starbucks is always in a good neighborhood!? :)This location actually has lots of cute boutiques and specialty stores all along this street.  I assume this was due to its proximity to the local universities. Stop in for your favorite tasty beverage with the friendly staff.
5	I don't do coffee but they have good smoothies and coffee cake! My wife got me hooked on their "Cranberry Bliss" bars that they only have during Christmas time. Their pound cakes are yummy as well.Insider Tip: Get here early (before 7am) to avoid the line that goes out the door year around.
4	I know what you are thinking, 4 stars, really?, it's Starbucks.. I know, but it's walking distance to my downtown business destination and has the most efficient morning coffee line I have ever experienced anywhere! It not only moves super fast, but the staff are asking you what you want far before you even reach the pastry fridge. And.. by the time you get up to the register, they still remember what you got! None of that, "uhh umm".. stuff while trying to recall and then reiterate the Starbucks format and language again under cloudy eyes and "morning brain" that does not turn on prior to java.. As if it wasn't hard enough the first time around... ;)
5	Friendly barristers, accurate drinks and good music make for a good non-alcoholic "happy hour" bar.
4	It's a tiny little corner cafe in a good location in downtown Pittsburgh.  Excellent service, great people-watching spot, free wifi and decent music.
4	One of my favorite Starbucks by far.  The baristas are super nice, and personable and if the coffee basically is the same in every Starbucks then it's the attitude of the barista that makes the difference.
3	This location is pretty good. The service is usually good, and they move at a relatively quick pace. Still the same mediocre Starbucks coffee, so I usually opt for a latte (with vanilla soy to mask the coffee), or one of the new Teavana teas such as the Kona Pop (pineapple), Youthberry (blueberry), or the Peach Tranquility. All in all, this location is better than some, and I definitely stop by when I am in the area and need a little pick-me-up.
5	The workers here are so friendly. The one guy gave me advice to try something new and said if I didn't like it he would make me something else! Now that's awesome service. I like doing my homework here.
3	I stopped here before a show at the Benedum on Sunday and was glad I got here early.  I had wanted to get a more adult beverage but we decided on legal stimulants here instead.  Within minutes, there were barely any seats left between those who were here before we arrived and fellow Alton-goers (I assume) who came in after.It's what you expect at a Starbucks.  We got their regular Pike Place roast.  The service was what you'd expect as well; nothing groundbreaking or special.  The counter could have been a little cleaner, but the seating area was free of debris, so I guess that's what really matters.  Also, the lights on the menu boards were hitting in that particular way that washes out the text and makes it hard to read.  Good thing you have a pretty good idea of what you want when you walk into a Starbucks!Service was efficient, environment was nice, there weren't any weird things happening in any corners. So, win?  Win.
5	Pretty nice Starbucks! The baristas here are great. They don't have the mocha cookie crumble anymore, which I don't frequent Starbucks enough to notice, but I was really craving something dessert-like. So I asked for the closest equivalent and they created something totally unique that tasted just like it! Pretty nice of them as they could have just suggested something similar that was already on the menu. There is so much seating in this place. It was a busy Saturday evening, and no one had to wait for a seat to open up. We were there killing time between dinner and the theater, and we enjoyed people watching from our comfy armchairs. Bathrooms could have been cleaner and better stocked with toilet paper.
4	This Starbucks is quickly becoming my favorite with the new section of seating that was added. The employees are always very nice, and quickly move though the line of customers. If I were to mention anything negative it would be that it is always way too cold inside, but that also helps keep anyone from overstaying their welcome.
4	Great and friendly service., very clean and organized Starbucks. The customers seemed happy to be there.
3	Looks nice after it's recent remodel but it's just an average Starbucks. There is better service with better organization at either the Wood St one or the K & L Gates building one.
1	Not a fan! Slowest service in a Starbucks I have ever experienced! Seems to be a trend in the Market Square/Downtown area.
3	We frequent this Starbucks location out of convenience, but I often question that convenience when you're standing in the long line waiting (that's to be expected in such a location during the workweek, or anytime really, in the Cultural District). The drinks comes up relatively fast, though, and the staff is really nice, so the line isn't as bad as it could be. It's not the nicest or cleanest location, but if you're walking by and want your Starbucks fix, it'll definitely suffice.
