2	I was working in the Ballantyne corporate park and decided to try this place out with a co-worker.  I had the reuben sandwich and they went with the cheeseburger.  I'm a big fan of reuben's and I have to say this one was pretty bad.  They definitely need to spend the money to get a better cut of meat if they are going to keep this on the menu.  The sandwich also needed more kraut and thousand island dressing.  The french fries that came with the meal where pretty good.I've heard that the club is pretty good so maybe I'll try that if I go back.
5	I ordered for 70 people from this bakery. The woman Anya, I think is her name was a pleasure to work with. She knew her capabilities, and really is passionate about what she does. The food was delicious, and was presented beautifully. If your looking to cater for an office, this is the place to go!
3	So the thing with On the Green is the location.  It's the closest place to get a quick lunch (by far) if you work in the corporate park at Ballantyne.  Depending on which building you work in, you can (and should) walk to it.  There are daily specials for lunch, served up cafeteria style.  Usually, there is chicken involved: jerk chicken, bbq chicken, grilled chicken, fried chicken, Cajun chicken, you get the picture.  There are also sandwiches, salads, and other such options.  Perhaps my favorite thing about this place is the breakfast.  You can get all the pancakes, eggs, and bacon that you can handle stuffed into a styrofoam container.  Breakfast of champions!   With all that said, if I had to get in my car and drive I would most likely never eat at this place.  The convenience is what keeps folks coming back to pay a little more than is reasonable for pretty average food and less than stellar service.
4	I work right in the building next door, so this place is my go-to lunch spot.  They have a great outdoor patio, good food with large portions, and reasonable service.I've tried the following:1) Pastrami sandwich - great choice, especially yummy since it is grilled with cheese melted over pastrami!2) Walnut and chicken salad - Fresh and tasty, though there was a lot of feta cheese pieces on it. Only complaint would be that service can be slow, especially around lunch.
4	I joined several coworkers for lunch after a meeting today. I walked up to the counter and ordered my food and was given a number to place on my table. The cashier was helpful and friendly; the menu board is on the back walkover the register, but there is a menu on the counter with descriptions of the choices. I ordered the Queen City with a side of fries. After ordering, I filled my drink with tea - which was fresh, a huge plus since it was an early lunch and sometimes restaurants use leftovers which taste stale. My sandwich arrived several minutes later. They were not badly priced so I did fear that they would skip out on portions, I was mistaken. There was ample of mounts of meat and veggies, the fries were clearly fresh from the fryer so they had not been precooked.I am not sure if you would refer to her as a server or just a regular employee, but another girl (not that cashier) did come over and check on our table, not something I really get from chain establishments that have a similar set up. We did not need anything, but it was nice to have the customer care aspect there. The deli is slightly hidden in a corporate park so you will have to actually look for it. The parking is not ideal for a restaurant, but it's not too shabby if you can find a spot up front in the lot.I would dine there again if I was in the area and would recommend it to those in the area looking for a quick, reasonably-priced lunch.
