4	Indie bands play for free most nights at around 10 pm. Great Specialty cocktails-my wife had the Bacon infused Bourbon one and I had the Stunning Man -goofy name. The Stunnin Man included Elderflower Sryup , egg whites and Ginger beer and was a frothy taste fest!! ZAZZ!
4	cool semi-little lounge in the brand spankin' new cosmopolitan hotel. the mister and me arrived around 9:00 in order to secure seating for the ultra cool, ultra talented mayer hawthorne's FREE set and the place was pretty crowded, but seats we did find, and they were pretty comfy. my big chair swung all the way around, so there was no neck craning action. drinks were fairly priced--$9.00 for each jameson little wifey imbibed, and i've been charged $12.00 for the same elsewhere, so that was pretty nifty. cocktail waitresses going kinda crazy due to the hordes, which was both good and bad--good cuz i hate being hounded if i want to nurse a drink, and bad cuz it was clear the waitress had forgotten to input the order from the couple sitting next to us. stage is most excellently situated so that the performer is basically standing kind of in the bar itself, and the sound was clear despite the chaotic casino action mere feet away. bar menu includes deep fried mac and cheese balls, brats, dogs and the like--nothing vegan, but i was just idly looking... a cool place to hang. :)
4	This has got to be the coolest sports book in town, which is to say, it doesn't really feel like a sports book.  I came to check out the (free!) Best Coast show, and it did not disappoint.  Fans of indie music - I think this is gonna be the venue to watch for small acts to come to town.  Quite an impressive bottle beer list (included Lagunitas, Stone, Deschutes Inversion IPA, just to name a few); custom cocktails; and some interesting (though not vegan-friendly) bar food.No cover, no charge for bands, nice space, good acoustics.   Small space when the crowds come in for the show, but lots of spillover room into the casino.
5	Love Book and Stage because the Cosmo provides FREE concerts/sets from some of my fave artists.Chill lounge with a stage big enough to see the artist. Very intimate considering it's in a casino.Saw Mayer Hawthorne there opening week. Tonight imma see Aloe Blacc.AND ALLLLL FOR FREEEE-ZIESSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Only been here once so far, but I'm definitely a fan. The bartenders were exceptionally nice and helpful. The cocktails were great. The beer list was great. And not only did they have excellent wings, but one of my favorite bands will be playing here two nights in a row soon.But let's get back to those wings... Very meaty. An interesting mix of dry rub spices and a thin saucy layer. And once dipped in their exquisite blue cheese sauce, all the flavors come together very nicely.This is definitely a prime spot to stop for a drink and quick bite during the day. Or a free show in the evening.
4	There is little I can say about Book & Stage that Misti Y. hasn't already said. I can't compete with her eloquence, so I'll keep this one short. B&S is a pretty cool place to see music that you probably wouldn't be able to see anywhere else in town. It's a lounge in the old-Vegas style - and I'm not talking about the decor. Sound is good enough, viewing area and seating seem to be fine. So why 4 stars? Because where else in town would someone like Black Joe Lewis play 4 nights - and with $0 cover? So why not 5? No smoking. For a Vegas lounge, that's sacrilege. PRO-TIP. You can smoke 6 inches outside the demarcated venue space, and still have an acceptable vantage point.
4	Went back here for the free BRMC shows. First of all, huge props for booking a band like BRMC (and for free and for two nights). While it is a little awkward as it can get very packed and people are trying to stand in between the little table set-ups and the stage is quite small and in a strange location, it's a great experience. (Can a free concert by a good band ever really be a bad thing?) And even with a show going on, the service was excellent. Our cocktail server was very attentive and nice - and handled the extremely large crowd exceptionally well. I'm really starting to love this place. Great music, great food, and great drinks - you can't go wrong here.
4	definitely a chill spot inside the cosmopolitan. loved the amount of seating available. me, justin b, and a couple of friends were able to relax here for a few hours while watching some sports, eating appetizers, and definitely having a few cocktails haha. was here during the afternoon so i didnt get to experience any of the live music but the next time that im in town and not wanting a full-on clubbing experience, i will have to come by to Book & Stage. the servers were super efficient and always came by to get drink/food orders from us. garlic fries, fried mac 'n cheese, and the chicken wings were all tasty and just good snack items to munch on. drink prices werent too inflated either. me and justin b. had about 3 drinks each plus 2 shots and my bill was about $96 - nothing TOO outrageous espcially for vegas. another thing i loved was that i've been to other sportsbook bars before and they would continually pressure us to order more and more drinks/food in order to save our seats - there was none of that here. we were able to leisurely enjoy our time here and watch tv and they werent eager to usher us out just b/c we werent ordering enough.
3	Friendly barkeeps and stiff drinks. Live band and over a dozen HD TV's with sports.....great place to kill time in Vegas. Give the garlic fries and tuna tacos a try when you desire a snack. FYI, drinks are comp'ed while playing video poker or blackjack at the bar.
4	It's amazing how the Cosmopolitan caters to the young, hip crowd so well.  I'm convinced that the Cosmopolitan has something for everyone - prefer something chill? Hit up one of the quieter lounges (the Chandelier is stunning). Into clubbing? I hear Marquee is the IT place.  Into rock music? Come to Book & Stage.My boyfriend is not much of the clubbing type and Book & Stage was recommended to us by Kristin C. She was fist pumping to Kaskade at Marquee the night we stopped by and we were pretty sure there was no way of getting through the lines for the club.  Plus, the boyfriend was not about to pay $45 cover for Marquee.  Off to Book & Stage we go.  For a FREE show none the less!We were able to catch Foster the People who played an amazing set.  A crowd formed immediately after the band started and everyone was enjoying their time.  Before the show, we were able to find a few seats and ordered two beers. During the show, our waittress came by and we ordered some more beers.  Service was great, band was great, crowd was great.Now, my itty bitty complaint.  I get that it's Vegas and it's the Cosmopolitan so brace yourself for inflated prices. But $6 for a PBR? What kind of yuppie scenester is going to shell out the bucks for that?Me. I hate myself.
5	Good Music (Aloe Blacc, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, Robert Randolph and the Family Band) for free and Awesome Beer (Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA, Trappistes Rochefort 8, Mendocino Red Tail Ale, Chimay) at Good Price ($7) = 5 stars in my book!My only regret was that it was only my first time going on last Saturday, wish I went sooner. Will be back for sure.
4	Look if you can bring in legit acts and give locals a free mini-preview to Coachella then there's nothing else to say. This place is awesome. I've seen and heard complaints about it being small and the inaccessibility of the stage being a turn-off, but first and foremost this place is a bar. It's a bar with free concerts. So what if you can't get up to the stage and attempt to make awkward eye contact with one of the musicians in a sad attempt to have eye sex with them? IT'S FREE. The acts that play at the Book & Stage usually have a residency of 3-6 days, so if you miss one show there's always chance for another. This is totally personal preference, but I love that they bring in for the most part non-mainstream acts that are either on the cusp of breaking through or have been trucking along for some time and have a steady, loyal following. I could take this time to go into a rant about how mainstream music is a disgrace and borderline embarrassing for the most part, but I won't.I knocked one star off for service-it's not consistent. The first time I went I had this great bartender-super friendly and had some Cocktail-like bartending skills-you know, throwing the bottles everywhere and not dropping them. The next couple of times the service was unmemorable (which I prefer as opposed to memorably bad) and this last time I went I had a bartender who seemed to be more occupied with the silicone bursting out of her company-issued shirt than with pouring me another beverage. Her only saving grace was a ridiculously heavy pour which forced me to up her tip. A guy came to the bar after I'd been there for about an hour and ordered a Maker's on the rocks (yes, I remembered because I wanted to be his friend after he ordered this) and another bartender who was equally inattentive poured him a Maker's and coke. Jokingly he asked her if the soda gun had Maker's in it and when she didn't understand the quip, he reminded her of his order. Instead of saying sorry immediately and pouring him the correct drink, she says "oh, so you just want it on the rocks?" Um yes, dummy, that's what he ordered the first time. Even though this didn't happen to me, I was offended for my fellow Maker's drinker. Overall, this is a great bar that offers a fresh and unique experience, particularly for locals who have become accustomed to being raped by Ticketmaster and "entertainment tax" (whatever THAT means) in their concert going experiences. Spotty service aside, The Book & Stage is a cool little spot in the best property on the Strip.
4	My experience is pretty limited, sadly, but I can't wait to go back, if that's any indicator of this place's coolness.This bar is easy to miss, but this place is worth your time.  We cruised in after checking out some other Cosmopolitan spots and grabbed a seat to listen to Kisses.  Having other engagements, we couldn't stay long, but the vibe of the place was cool, the free admission was even better, and the intimate size of this bar/lounge makes for a great listening experience.I didn't sample any drinks (having just had a few from the Chandelier Bar), so I can't comment there.  I do wish Jim G. and I were going to be in Vegas in May so we could watch A Silent Film; if you're around, go check them out (May 9-12)!!
2	The night STARTED off great. I was here for my favorite band's concert and arrived a few hours early to make sure I got a good seat. Made friends with a couple girls who were also there for the show. We sat at the bar where I played video poker for a while (the bartenders comped my non-alcoholic drinks since I was playing). So far so good. A great bartender and manager were on duty and the girls and I had a great time.Right before the start of the show, a female bartender informs me that since I had stopped playing I had to surrender my seat to a guy who wanted to play. I told her I was okay playing the machine if I could keep my seat but apparently that was not okay with her since she still made me move. I told the girls that in order to keep the seats that we had waited three hours for, we would have to play, so they put money in the machines and we all squeezed in. No problem. Watched the whole first set without incident although it was frustrating for us to have to concentrate more on making sure we were "playing" in order to keep our seats and not be able to fully watch the show we had waited hours to see.Time for intermission. One of the girls goes to talk to some friends of hers who were seated elsewhere. I try desperately to get another drink but am ignored. The female bartender returns only to tell me I have to move my new friends things out of her seat. I politely explain that her belongings are in the seat with the machine that still has her money in it and it wouldn't be right for me to cash her out and move her things without her consent. The bartender then tells me I have to move anyway. We try putting more money into the machine but she yells at us and demands we cash out then comes out from behind the bar to make sure we move. Not wanting to cause a scene, we scoot over to the last chair that our friends have and crowd behind it.Friends leave, I throw money quickly into the machine and sit. Foolishly I assumed that since I was playing more money than I had before my drink would be comped (also since they were all comped before and I was VERY obviously the DD). After trying for nearly 15 minutes to flag down a bartender (they would assist everyone next to us, behind us, and even the people who popped their heads in between us), I manage to order a water and a Coke and am charged (I have NO problem paying for my drinks, I would just have appreciated consistency in the situation). I would have given this place one star if not for the awesome performances by my favorite band. Still, I would have enjoyed them more if the bartender hadn't constantly glared at us to make sure we were still putting money into the machine. I absolutely LOVE the concept of this venue and the cocktail servers were wonderful; I just wish the bartenders I had dealt with (other than Cory who was GREAT) had been attentive and polite instead of making me and my new friends feel like criminals. While the concerts are free, if you want a good place to sit and be able to see, you're really gonna have to pay for it.
3	I do love the Cosmopolitan in all its hip trendiness, catering to the younger Vegas crowd and providing some exceptional experiences. This bar (and sports book AND concert venue) does meet expectations of what I would expect from The Cosmo.I attended a FREEEEE concert here last night, and although I was not in the least interested in the music being played I must give props to this place for offering free concerts, and good acts. I don't believe you'd see a cheesy lounge singer in this place. Other great points include the seating: comfy swivel chair and couches, along with: cutest drum tables EVER! Whoever was designing this place: good job! Although I do think the stage could have been set up a *bit* better. I get the idea that it is supposed to be novel that the stage is behind the bar, but listening to live music is supposed to be an experience between entertainer and crowd. I think the entertainer loses some of this, and the crowd feels it too. There's just a disconnect there. I believe seeing a band in a venue where you can stand right up at the stage and really feel the band's presence and emotions brings a concert goer exactly what the want in a concert experience.Also - service was bad at the bar. I mean... B A D. Not even "okay". My friends and I sauntered up to an open space, just to buy some drinks and sit down and we were ungraciously ignored by the entire bar staff. I mean literally, they just didn't even notice we were there. OR they just didn't bother to come up to us until my friend asked someone directly if he would like to get us a drink. SHEESH. You gotta ask to be served? Unacceptable. However - I must say this was somewhat fixed by the attentive service of the cocktail waitresses during the concert. They were very nice young ladies and were quick to refill drinks and make sure everyone had drinks flowing.So, I do like this place. However, the poor service and the disconnect between audience and band are just not enough for me to give it anything more than an "okay" rating.
4	It's pretty cool that whoever organizes the bands, has good taste in music.  From what I've gathered, many indie bands from every corner of the world plays here. A band from England played, I'm not so such but they called themselves The Silent Film. The band also mentioned that they can't sell their own CDs but they do accept "donations" in exchange for one! There were a lot of people last night, but the group I was with was still able to find some seats, they were comfortable. So many televisions so that you don't need to twist and turn your neck just to see the band. The waitresses were quick to get rid of empty glasses and made sure that we always had a drink in hand. I must return here for the music and drinks.
5	This is a little free gem in town. Forget the janky, cheesy lil free magic shows or staring at water shoot up or a "hair band" cover lounge group, this is serious shiieett. They book actual talent and don't charge for it. I was just walking past to head home and the BF and I go "Hey, that sounds like Nikka Costa"....."Oh shit, that IS Nikka!" I did know about her coming here soon, but I didn't know she was here for  June 15-18, 10pm&12am. It saved the night as I got dissed at Marquee.We missed a good part of the show, so we might come back to see the whole thing and come early so we can get a table. There is some worry on the open layout affecting the sound, but last night the sound was pretty good. I'll have to see next time by sitting down if the sound is good in the enclosed parts as I was standing by the bar near the entrance. The servers and bartenders are on it so service doesn't suffer from a filled house. It opens up to the casino so if you're a degenerate gambler who cannot stop for an hour- no worries, you can hear it from the tables or sit by the slots just outside of Book&Stage. If you cannot put your cancer stick down for a show, you can stand just outside a bit of the space and smoke since you can't do it in the sitting area. I don't think many people know about it and  the acts are known on a indie level so it's a comfortable size crowd and not a clusterfuck. If I'm willing to pay for some of these acts (BF has paid to see Nikka before), then I am giddy for the freebie show. In a city that generally lacks good acts and non club venues what's not to love about this place? It's a little piece of lounge culture I felt was missing in Vegas.
4	great casual place to grab a drink if you want to avoid the craziness upstairs at the clubpros:- they had my favorite beer: chimay blue. definite plus in my book- live music: had a bang just rock it out. loved their energy. but after the band left, the bar totally emptied out
5	Great service and BEST BLOODY MARY EVER!! Garnished with salami and jalapeno stuffed olives - perfect! Bartender was a GEM - told us to call him Lama (hawaiian name hard to remember after a couple bloodies but hey its Vegas - where else!)
5	This place is the shit.  If I could pick one bar to visit on the strip this would be my choice.  Best free live music in town too.  Hands down.  I mean I've seen Electric Six, Louis XIV, KT Tunstall and many more here.  Even when I don't know the band they are always great.Best bar food on the strip.  Get the fish and chips.Great ambience, lively crowds, all types of interesting people.  The pinnacle of hip.  Drinks could be cheaper, but oddly enough $7 for a Corona still isn't bad for the strip.
4	I just wanted to do a quick update of this venue as I was here again a couple weekends ago to see another FREE-99 band perform.Again I must say I love that Book & Stage does these free concerts. Last band I saw here was good and attracted some very interesting fans. That is kind of one of the best things about this venue - people watching. You get a wide range of people to look at and be amused by.Their drink menu is eclectic as well and has something for everyone. Their original cocktails are fun to read about, even if you're not going to drink them. Yes, they are a bit pricey, but we're talking about sitting in a bar at The Cosmo here.Still very much a fan of Book & Stage. They have earned a special place in my heart.
4	Book & Stage I so badly want to bump your rating up to five stars but your spotty service is a line of orange cones on the road to a rating upgrade. The Book&Stage continues to be an excellent place to have a unique music experience in Vegas (hint: free and not top-40 crap) and an even better place to people watch. The bands booked here have always brought out a, how do you say it nicely, eclectic, group of people as well as the mix of people passing through on their way to Bond or Marquee. The service continues to be mediocre at best, and I want to give the employees the benefit of the doubt and guess that they have been stiffed by the eclectic concert goers more times than they can count. I get it. But I tip well. So don't make assumptions that I'm going to stiff you, because your Nostradamus prediction will prove true if your inattentiveness warrants a crap tip. Keep on keepin' on Book&Stage and get some upgraded training for your staff!
1	$12 a drinks + $2 tip = weak drink & shitty service!?!  The place was very slow, and the waitresses were more focused on the band, than the few people who wanted to buy more drinks.  Is $2.00 per drink tip too little for a waitress to return?  I could have understood if we were rude or loud, or ordered strange drinks or if they were just too busy.  But most of the waitresses were just wanting to dance up by the band...one of the worse bars on the strip.FAIL
3	You've raised your price for Trappistes Rochefort 8 from $7 to $10, subtract a star. Went there to see Walk the Moon last night. Apparently it was moved to Boulevard Pool and started and hour earlier, meaning I missed it. You just had over priced babies getting paid to stand in the grass and try to hit a ball with a stick, i.e. baseball on the big screen. Lose another star.
4	Now, the reason for the 4 stars is the service I've received at the bar itself, not about how I feel about the free shows!It always seems to me that they are understaffed for pretty much every show, but then again, maybe it's difficult to estimate how many people will show up!  Er, I should say for the record, I've never actually had anyone treat me poorly, it just takes FOREVER to get a drink.  Now the cocktail waitresses are a different story: Maybe it's because I personally have gone to see numerous shows and hardly ever buy a drink through the cocktail waitress that they remember THAT and pretty much leave me for dead..but there have been numerous times that I've gone with a group of people who WANT to utilize the cocktail waitress and she just blows right past us!  Then it turns into the game of "how many times do I need to make eye contact and WAVE FRANTICALLY for you to come over here and take my drink order?!"  This whole situation just perpetuates my action of ordering through the bar!  They have a healthy assortment of specialty drinks, craft beers and wine at a normal Vegas strip price..there are no happy hours that I am aware of (but I never go during the daylight..hehehe)There is a decent amount of seating, but it fills up fast, so if you're going for a show and want to sit down (or have someone in your party that wants to sit down) I'd suggest getting there early!  Also, fyi: there's a restroom just outside the back of the Book and Stage to the right.
4	Where else are you gonna find free Mayer Hawthorne and Aloe Black shows, down some decent cocktails, and get your latest NBA news/scores? I do feel slightly distant from the performers at times as the seating area is separated and slightly obscured by the venue's bar area. But who the hell cares, you're watching some of the best up and coming performers FOR FREE. Then move over to Bond for more action packed adventure, where they have some great DJs, no waiting in line, stuffy bouncers or dress code. Simply check out the Cosmo website for upcoming bands/guests/DJs for both Bond and B&S.
4	I'm an indie music lover, so this place was made for me. Up and coming acts (25% of which I've heard of) play behind the bar's bottles on an odd-shaped stage for a number of consecutive nights...for free. There used to be two shows per night; they've changed it to one show at 11pm-ish. Sound quality depends on the band they book as the agent is apparently no respecter of genres. I've heard funk, dream pop, rock, and acoustic there. Rock is great but can get a little overwhelming in such a small space. We're not at the Pearl.The drink list is respectable but limited and in bottles/cans. You want PBR on tap, my little hipster friends? Go upstairs to Pizza and bring it down. My man likes Delirium; my regular is Strongbow. But we don't have to remember that. Cara, our resident bartender, already knows it for us. Wow, the mixed drinks are strong. Most of those bartenders pour liquor generously. I believe the drool-worthy food menu is now a thing of the past. Darn! And I had always wanted to try those mac n' cheese bites...B&S's video poker is the only gambling I've done since I moved to Vegas. And when your drinks are compensated after so much play, is that really a gamble?The eclectic potpourri of guests always amazes me. We've talked to rich middle-aged guys here on business and young folks on trade show circuits who heard the Cosmo was "nice". You never know who's sitting next to you at the bar and most of the time, they're willing to talk...that is, if you can hear over the music. ;)
5	This is a great place to catch a game. There is a large variety of seating arrangements and lots of TVs.The specialty cocktails were pretty good and being that they are about the same price as a well drink, they are the better value. The bar food is decent, our group ordered the sliders and the wings. Our cocktail server was Great! She was Super friendly and played along with a joke on our friend as well as participating in our immature prop bets!They also have a mini sportsbook attached to place sports bets! I plan on catching many more games here when in Vegas!!!
4	Cosmopolitan has knocked my socks off a lot lately, and the most recent reason being the free concerts they offer at Book & Stage.If you go to Cosmopolitan's website, you can see a list of their regular concerts (which have included Smashing Pumpkins and Foster the People), guest DJ's at their clubs and lounges, and indie bands that play for free at Book & Stage.  Make sure to check Cosmo's twitter page for last minute concerts or time changes.I've been lucky enough to catch Robert Randolph and the Family Band as well as Grouplove here and really enjoyed both concerts.  The acoustics aren't the greatest considering you're in a lounge but you can still hear everything perfectly fine.  Look out for the tourist prices on alcohol at the bar.Major hipster bonus points!
4	Loved it.. stopped in here on our way up to Holsteins Shakes and Buns. We were already pretty wastey..lol but this place called our name.. it was beer thirty.. again! & we needed to sit for a minute! The seating around the bar have video poker machines & were pretty full but we found a seat.. threw a 20$ in & started playing. I got champagne, husband got a Porter. So after we lost our 20$ we were ready for the check..lolHe said 7$.. He only charged us for my husbands beer because we were playing poker!! With us being locals, we are familiar with that but never would have expected that from a bar in the Cosmopolitan let alone them comp the more expensive of the 2 drinks :) So from there we cashed out, went over & sat in the lounge area which was so chill at that point in the day.. I'd say 2 pm on a Friday. Swivel chairs, half circular boothes, basic tables. The side tables for drinks were big bongo drums... just awesome.. so overall a great place to gather yourself & relax for a minute.. we had a great bartender as well.. we will for sure be going back to catch the free concerts :) oh yeah how could I have forgotton.. their was a family of like 12 over in the boothes playing family reunion games!!!
4	You pretty much have to kill to get a drink here but they book really solid bands and good sound as well. I went there last night for the 2nd time and once again a great booking.On the drink front... I sat trying to signal for a drink for over 10 minutes and the bartender never looked my way, eventually i begged the bar back to help me out and he fixed me a passable cocktail. Later, I came back for a second set and the waitress wouldn't even look my way. This is only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars because once you do get a drink, B&S is hard to beat. It is amazing how loud a band might sound in B&S but a few steps down the aisle in the main casino and you can barely hear them. Somehow it all works out great, the acoustics of this nook in the casino, good bands and even slow bartenders make for a great experience.
2	The band that was playing the night we were there was awful. During the day it's mostly dudes watching sports. The drinks were good. It's comfy, and the service is good.
5	If NYE wknd wasn't already insane, the "Peace, Love, and Soul" singer Mayer Hawthorne's appearance was CRAY!I figured I'd go on Sunday, hoping that all the NYE-ers would've travelled back home or was too hungover to move outta bed...but, no!Sunday and the Hawthorne still brought about a huge crowd! Even when I was on the outsider of B&S, I still got an ear and eye-full =)HAPPY HAWTHORNE NEW YEARS !!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Yessss! Mayer Hawthorne show during new years ftw!
4	Only had one drink here, it was nice I played video poker and got my drink for free!  Came here another night and they had a band playing, it was very crowded.  If your walking by stop in play some video poker and get a free drink.
4	Free live music.  Comfortable chairs.  A good free spot to sit down while the boys are gambling.  Expensive drinks, but it's Vegas.
4	Came here to rest my feet and plopped down on their big couches. I didn't understand the name of the bar until I saw this band come onto the stage. What a genius face I am! Haha. That night's performance was by Urie Norris band from Oakland, California. The music was very funkadelic and entertaining. Mr. Norris was interacting with the crowd (including me, the hubby was not happy) and extremely lively. What an act! The live music was all fun and games but their specialty cocktails were overpriced and pretty terrible. Overall, I think it's a cool spot in the middle of the casino and I really look forward to seeing more artists perform!Here is the link to upcoming events: http://www.cosmopolitanlasvegas.com/experience/event-calendar.aspx
4	As my tip states, you'll be lucky if you get Jenny as your bartender. That girl seriously knows what she's doing and puts most other Vegas bartenders to shame. After playing roulette for some time, I came over and sat at the bar with family and played video poker; Book & Stage has several denominations and games installed in the orange, onyx bar. I tried 5 drinks total, and they were all superb. My favorite, though..and I can't believe I'm going to say this..was their Cosmopolitan. Jenny kept making drinks on a dime for us and this was the last one she made for me. I had high expectations for this drink, considering IT'S THE HOTEL'S NAME. My expectations were exceeded.Just get the Cosmo. And, if you're playing at the bar, of course it will be comped. I love the Cosmo and B&S is the perfect addition to the casino floor. I'll definitely be back (and hopefully win) next time!UPDATE, 12/16/2012:I haven't seen Jenny since my review, but Jai (pronounced like just the letter "J") took care of me twice on my last trip, and she was just phenomenal as well. I'm so impressed by Book & Stage and their fantastic bartenders. Shout-out to Jai and the other staff for contributing to Book & Stage being my favorite video poker bar on the strip!
4	Crazy little corner bar with FREE concerts by mid-level indie bands (and some major labels too). We went to see British neo-soul band The Heavy perform on a Saturday - the second night of a two-day stint.  Being a musician myself, I find the stage set-up a little weird, with the band basically performing behind the bartenders - but I'm used to really intimate divey venues where the band is basically in your face (Beauty Bar, Double Down, etc). I think the stage could use a little more lighting too.That said - cheers to the Cosmo for having the guts to bring cool indie bands into Vegas and offer them up for free.  This little space is a boon to the nascent indie music scene here.  Drinks are pricey - a well bourbon & coke and a Bud Light ran about $17.00 a round - but since the shows are free I don't mind so much.Kudos Cosmo!
4	This has become one of my favorite music venues in the city, mainly because (1) Las Vegas doesn't have many and (2) all the shows are free. There's better sound quality near the stage; don't stand by the bar area by the casino floor if you really want to listen to the band's sounds. Also: there's never a shortage of ridiculously attractive people and hipsters.
5	Was looking for a fun place to watch some Sunday Football. I heard The Cosmopolitan had a cool sports bar so I decided to check it out. The staff was very helpful in getting the San Diego game on for me on a TV that was close to my really comfortable couch. The Beer list was great and I they had my favorite Dog Fish Head Ale on tap! Ordered some food for the group, we had Wings, Fried Mac and a Chicago Dog. OMG! the wings were the best I have ever had, the sauce was perfect and the secret seasoning on the wings was AMAZING!! Can't wait to go back there again to watch some games.
5	If you take anything from this review it should be, "ORDER THE WINGS!"  Seriously, the best wings I've ever had.  Just to be sure I came back the next 3 nights in a row and ordered them.  They are traditional buffalo wings with a secret house seasoning that has a spicy cajun flavor but is still very much buffalo.The wings alone should be enough to come here time and time again, but the service is also 5 star type stuff.  The bartenders and waitress were crazy busy all the time but still were the friendliest and most accommodating I've witnessed in awhile.  They were always happy to change a TV to whatever game we wanted to watch.The sliders were fantastic as well.  The only knocks I have on the place are the fries really aren't anything special and it is a very smokey bar.  I know, that's Vegas for you, but still annoying.  Not annoying enough to take away a star though.
3	This place is located inside of the Cosmopolitan hoptel.  The bar features several flat screen tv's, although there are all about 32".  There is a huge screen behind the bar that was tuned to a college basket ball game when I came in. The day i visited, NBA was on and free UFC fights on FX/Fuel.  I mean c'mon, college ball cannot even come close to rating with either of the other two.  We sat in the lounge and ordered a round of drinks.  We asked our waitress to change just one of the televisions in our area to the UFC fights, which after about 10 minutes they did.  Awhile later, the manager (heavy set woman behind the Dj/Av kinda area) started changing it to something else.  Listen your the manager, you need to know who your customers are.  I asked her to change the channel back.   After getting the look of like I was bothering her (I mean c'mon lady your 200lbs+) she changed it back.  I will say the drinks were good and our cocktail waitress was attentive.  Next tiem I think I will go to Lagasse Stadium or Blondies.
1	Complete surprise that they would expect us to pay $20.00 a beer if we are not playing more than $20.00 on the bar top machines. Are they serious ?Last time at this gold digging of a bar.... doesn't mean just coz i'm hanging out in the Cosmopolitan, I'm ready to throw $20 bills at you for a beer.....at least give me a lap dance !!!
5	Had a great experience here today. Had the pleasure of enjoying the Dodgers opening day win on a monstrous screen. Best part of the experience was the service I received from Heather. She knows exactly what she's doing behind that bar top. If you find yourself with a pounding headache and wooziness from drinking the night before, she can whip up one of the best Micheladas you'll ever have(assuming you're into that) to get you right back on point. Also, she makes what's called the "Bacon Maria". It speaks for itself. Go to Book and Stage and ask for Heather, she'll take great care of you.
5	This is my most favorite on-the- strip bar!! Every staff member I have encountered is so pleasant and always carries on a great conversation. Anytime I pop in Terrance or Corey already ready know exactly what drink to offer me! If your looking for a fun spot to drink before and after the club or just a place to hang for the night, stop by and check it out!
4	Love this bar! Located in the gorgeous Cosmopolitan hotel with very friendly bartenders. Jenny is an absolute doll and goes above and beyond to ensure you have a great time. Kalama was awesome too....ask his opinion on desertification and the carbon footprint if you want a good conversation haha. There are video poker machines at every seat and a huge projector screen to watch the game on. I will be going back soon! I had a few chilled patron shots, bellini cocktails (basically a mimosa with peach puree--FANTASTIC), and mimosas. They were all fabulous!
4	Walking through Cosmo from a disappointing visit to the Vesper Bar and this lounge completely caught my attention. I later found out the performer was the Zak Waters Band, and the music had just a feel-good vibe that got everyone dancing and having a good time. A great alternative to the usual mm-tzz mm-tzz beats that fill all the Vegas clubs. Plus, it's still right in the middle of the casino so plenty of opportunities to watch all the drunk people stumble around (I'm not completely excluded from this category).
4	The husband and I popped in here to watch some Sunday football, which turned out to be a highlight of our trip.  The comfy couches, attentive waitress, and good company made for a fun day!  If you work up an appetite after sipping the buckets of Miller Lite beer, I'd recommend getting the potato wedges with marinara.  Be warned that you may not want to share! Yes, they are that good.
2	Apparently they have a genius that is managing this place because they took away the best thing about it; all the craft beer. That was the thing that made this place stand out knowing you can grab beers you couldn't get from home. Now it's just the same as every other casino bar. Stay away.
4	When they still hosted free shows, the Book/Stage was absolutely amazing. There were no shortage of awesome nights spent here and thus my review will be focus on that aspect of B&S' history, and not food, drinks, food & drinks, sports wagering, or poker machine gambling (or anything else one could choose to do there).In fact, I have never eaten, had a drink (that I purchased there [*wink*]), waged a sports bet, or insomuch as gotten remotely close to the poker machines here. It is not why I come here.PRO TIP: Buy a whole pizza pie from Secret Pizza and bring it down to B&S during the show, if they ever start having them again. Bring a beer or two. Wear protection.The sound has always been pristine, with only a couple of mishaps/problems all the times I have been, and in those few instances one of the techs -- most nights a short, portly gentleman that would remind you of a Hawai'ian CeeLo or an older, gray-haired, short-sighted Caucasian with less port but equal amounts of magic touch for the sound controls -- handled them with ease. Here I leave readers an abridged list of who I heard perform here, in overly-nerdy alphabetical order:A Silent Film, Alberta Cross, Alex Boyd, Aloe Blacc & The Grand Scheme, Anjulie, Augustana, Austin Brown, Black Joe Lewis & The Honeybears, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, The Constellations, Diamond Light, Ellie Goulding, Fitz & The Tantrums, Foster The People, Funk Ark, Graffiti6, Grouplove, JC Brooks and The Uptown Sound, Kings Go Forth, The Knocks, Kopecky Family Band, Lady Dottie & The Diamonds, Leggy Peggy, Mateo, Mates of State, Maya Jupiter, Mayer Hawthorne & The County, Most Thieves, The Nervous Wreckords, Nick Waterhouse, Ocote Soul Sounds, Olin & The Moon, Orgone, Other Lives, Otis Heat, Robert Randolph & The Family Band, Royal Bangs, Stacy Clark, Tasha Taylor, Terraplane Sun, Todd Hannigan and The Heavy 29s, Uh Huh Her, and Walk the Moon.All completely free and nearly all staying for mini-residencies which consisted of two sets a night for four consecutive nights. More artists performed but I was out of state for those shows, so waste time publishing your own review with the complete list if you feel so inclined. I would vote it useful (but not cool). - EPostscript. Author's Note: There is nothing "cool" about this published review.
3	Book & Stage is a small bar near the lobby of the Cosmopolitan. After spending 3 nights at the hotel and hitting the bar a couple times, it was a-ok as a hotel bar, but there wasn't any live performances in the evenings, the book portion is small, and there are better bars at the Cosmopolitan. The bartenders are nice and all ... like most drink slingers in Las Vegas. No complaints about the service; however, both visits we left and headed elsewhere cause the place was practically empty. When there aren't any live performances on the small stage, then perhaps the niche Book and Stage fills in as a quieter bar choice than other Cosmopolitan hot spots.
5	Count on killer cocktails expertly mixed (and comped if you're playing video BJ!) by the most amazing bartenders in all of Vegas.  Joining the consistently outstanding Kalama, Kory and Wolfgang are my new friends Sone, Deven and Sam.  To all who visit them, tip them well and you will be richly rewarded in return!
2	Had mimosas and breakfast sandwiches here. Our server lacked customer service skills. Our $13 breakfast sandwiches came out in to-go boxes and and bags. Wish I would have gone to Starbucks instead. I can get the same sandwich for 1/2 the price there and better service.
5	When I sat to play video poker and have a couple signature drinks, little did I know the experience the bartenders would give me.  I was given a menu immediately, and told there were other drinks they could make if I didn't see something I liked on the menu.  I told the bartender, Hooks, i liked whiskey drinks and what he wanted to make would be great with me.  He came back a short while later with one of the best drinks i have tasted.  It was completely original and included liquors i had never tried.  After quite a while, he was happy to make a second drink for me, and after realizing I am a Manhattan drinker, made his take.  It was full of flare, creativity and deliciousness.  Chris Hooks, Cori Anderson and their apprentice Sam were all some of the friendliest bartenders I have met in Vegas and all seemed to be having a great time.  If you are willing to take the extra moment to wait for a drink, they are willing to take the extra moment to make it.
5	Great bar and great bartenders.   Cori is here every time we've been here.   He always has a great personality and takes care of the drunkees.
