4	Took my car in to get a "signature service oil change" starting at 37.99.  Which I was surprised included cleaning the windows and vacuuming the interior.  They checked over my car and told me the recommended changes and different oil choices.  I of course chose the lowest costing because I just simply needed a quick oil change.  The guys seemed to know what they were talking about and didn't try to push anything on me.  Being I'm a women and don't know cars that is something that usually happens, not here.  I would say they had quick and wonderful service.  I can even go back whenever I need to during my next 3,000 miles to top of any fluids FOR FREE.  I used a $5 off coupon today and they gave me a coupon for my next oil change ($11 off) after telling me my 3rd one is half off.Decent PricesQuick ServiceHonest & Friendly Mechanics
5	It is hard for me to review an oil changing place, because there's not much to evaluate-or is there?We all have to get our oil changed, and i'm sure that everyone has been to the good, the bad, and the ugly.I went to this Jiffy Lube last Thursday while it was raining. I pulled up at around 11:30 and there was no waiting. The guys directed me in, and asked me to have a seat in the lobby. Now, all those things happen at EVERY place, here is where this Jiffy Lube kicked butt.My total  time there was around 18 minutes, start to finish. While they worked on my car, I kept waiting for the obligatory "Uhm, you need this service, and this service, and this is broke, and that is broken."Shockingly, that moment never came. The only time they called me, was when it was time to check out, and pay. The employee was required to read off the computer what services the manufacturer recommended, but after he saw my glazed over expression, he ran through all of it like a Barrett Jackson auctioneer, which was greatly appreciated.At no time did they try and sell me anything. Even my air filter was ok, and they told me it's fine.  That may seem like a simple thing, but it's really not. These places usually push things on you in a way that makes religious missionaries look passive.In closing, I highly recommend this store. The guys there were cool and laid back, and seem like they would rather have a customer for life, than screw you over once and never see you again. Well done JL! (that's insider talk for Jiffy Lube)
5	this is my go-to oil change spot. they are always friendly, i never have to wait long, and they have never tried to push something on me. after a few minutes, they bring you to the computer and let you know what the manufacturer recommends at certain mileages for your make and mode....tires, fluids, replacements, etc. they let you decide if you want to have any of those issues taken care of. they then tell you if you have any issues that they noticed personally.  i know a smidgen about cars and when they show me a engine fluid that looks like mud and "highly recommend" changing it...i do it. essentially, i trust these guys. they have "flubbed" on 2 occasions...and it was a price quote, so guess what? i got the job for either free or half off.
5	again, had to get the oil changed. this time, had a 10 dollar off coupon, so it was a bit cheaper. as usual, the guys were very friendly, professional, and didn't push for any unnecessary work. in/out in about 20 minutes!thanks JL!
2	I've mentioned how much I hate getting my oil changed.....I'll mention it again....I hate getting my oil changed. HOWEVER, this experience went pretty smooth.Their signature oil service is just under $40 and it includes oil and filter change, checking fluid levels, tire pressure, and vacuuming the interior and washing the external windows. I've been to a Jiffy Lube before, and what I hate is being bombarded with extra stuff I need to fix. This time I was prepared. I know a little something about maintaining my car. Even if it is just a little. The guy tried to sell me new windshield wipers....there's nothing wrong with my windshield wipers....how many times does it rain out here anyways??? No thanks. He took out the air filter (classic move) to show me how dirty it was. I've learned this move from experience....yes, air filters get dirty, but I could still see the original green color of my air filter. Um, yah, it doesn't need replacing just yet. What else you got?He says my coolant is low. How much is that? $3. Ok add it on. Even though it would be cheaper to buy my own coolant and fill it myself. I give in. My car was pretty clean, so not much to vacuum, but the windows looked much better. Total cost was about $45.............Fast forward to the next morning. As I'm backing out of my garage this morning I notice a pool of oil on my garage floor!!! Why? Why? Why? I'm forever doomed for bad oil change experiences!!! So I call Jiffy Lube, ok good they're open on Sundays, and explain what happened. The guy apologizes and asks me to come back in. I say I'll be right over. They take a look at the car, top off the oil and clean up the leak. The guy explains some reason that doesn't make sense to me-something about the make of my cars oil pan and engine shape? I don't believe it. Why would something be wrong with my car all of a sudden? I think the makers at Honda know what they're doing, and since this has never happened before, it doesn't make sense to give me this excuse now. I appreciate that they fixed whatever mistake it was, and apologized for the problem. Just admit the error next time, don't blame it on the way my car is made. That just sounds like complete B.S.
4	As oil change joints go, this place is pretty decent. The facility was clean, the coffee was free (and looked like it had been brewed the same week), the service was fast and the staff were friendly.There is always going to be the upsell song and dance routine, but at least they didn't try to get me with the old "look at your filthy air filter" trick. They did tack on an extra few dollars for additional oil and a "premium" oil filter, but overall it was pretty painless.A week later and there isn't oil all over my driveway, so at least I know they put everything back together in the right place!
1	I will never return to this Jiffy Lube.  My experience here was unpleasant.I won't recount the whole story of my experience moment by moment, but what I will say about this place is that I left there feeling as though I'd been bamboozled and that they'd try to take advantage of me. I will say that I felt as if they were trying to sell me ANYthing and everything.  Their gimmick?  They pull out your air filter and show you how dirty it is and try to sell you a new air filter.  they try to sell you all kinds of services.  Despite my stating - I DO NOT WANT ANYTHING ABOVE A STANDARD OIL CHANGE.  Every time I was asked would I like this or that, I repeated that statement.  After the oil change was complete,  I was told my oil change would be $74 dollars.  $74 dollars for a standard oil change?  really?  I spoke with the manger, i wanted them to put my old filter back in and put my old oil back in my car.  I wasn't going to pay for that.  They tried to slip in a charge for some kinda super duper oil despite my repeated requests for nothing extra and just the standard oil change.  The manager did reduce the price back to whatever teh standard oil change cost would be.I will NEVER go back here.  I quite possibly will NEVER go to another Jiffy Lube.  I can't stand the way they try to push any and everything on you.
1	Was pressed for time and stopped in for a simple oil change on my car.  I asked for synthetic but didn't specify which one.  I'm not sure which brand they used but my "simple" oil change was $120.  Roughly double what I pay anywhere else.  I don't mind paying extra for convenience but that's a little ridiculous.  Never going back to this place.
5	We paid 120 Bucks for a synthetic oil change for our Chevy Silverado. Knowing synthetic is a little more pricey we kind of expected to pay around the 100 dollar range. With the excellent customer service we received it was well worth the money. We will be back!
1	Expensive.  Problem with this place is that a guy with SUPER greasy hands took my keys and my got in my car.... yup, you guessed it, grease all over my door handle, shifter, steering wheel, car keys... just disgusting.  Will NEVER go back...!
1	After 14 years as a faithful Jiffy Lube customer...This shop has done me in.First time I visited---and knew what to expect (some upsell)....which is fine....But, No means No....after 4 times....what don't you understand?Sad that there is no local contact to express my concerns....
