1	Not only are the strings attached enough to hang yourself with, but the customer service was the worst I've experienced. They literally hung up on me when I said I wasn't interested at that price. Free hopper? Nope- it's cost you a monthly fee for every room. Free iPad? Kind of... To receive the iPad you are not eligible for the low rates on the channels- however, you are not eligible for the regular rates they post either.... Top 200 channels 12 mo deal: 39.99/moTop 200 channels: Regular price 64.99/mo (doesn't exist!!!)Top 200 channels w/iPad 83.99/mo! Guess how much they want for HBO/Shotime?... $29/mo!!!!Cox sucks too. I miss TWC and Fios from back east!
1	These guys are crooks and the only thing they know how to do is to cheat people.  We were quoted a price when we set up service to find that the price we were quoted is not what they were charging us.  They tried charging us more and refused to do anything about it.  They said all they could do was let us out of our contract.  That was after 2 hours on the phone speaking with people who wouldn't even let you talk and everything they said, they read it from a screen.  I repeated myself at least 10 times and they still didn't get it.  Then we spoke with Gerry from the complaint department, and she hung up on us.  These guys have no clue what customer service is.  They only know how to cheat people.  They would rather give themselves a bad name, and lose customers than to make things right.  Save yourself the headache and time and go somewhere else.  They make it seem like peaches from the get go...until you get your first bill and you are being charged much more.
1	They ripped me off. I was a lotal customer for 2 years and when i called to cancel they gave me the wrong contract termination date so i paid 4 months of service for nothing. Also a supervisor notated my account without even speaking to me. Never do business with them.
1	Awful company with poor customer service. I had them for a year and moved to a new apartment where the roof barely blocked the line of vision for the satellite so I would only get some channels not all. The tech guy was nice so I guess the one star is for him. He offered to call customer service to explain my situation and help me break my contract without any early termination fees. Customer service said I cannot get out of my contract, that it was my fault I moved somewhere that I could not receive service. I had called on my own the next day because a friend of mine offered to take over my account and Dish Network refused. They said I had to pay the $500+ early termination fee or provide them with a death certificate stating that I was dead and cannot pay my bill. Wouldn't you want someone to take over my account? You would make more money off someone who is going to be paying for monthly services, purchasing expansion packs and pay per view than you would with my cancellation fee. After several times of calling one customer service rep suggested to put my account on "vacation" for a few months and I would pay $5 a month but it would not go towards my fee. I did that until my "vacation" ran out and let them send me to collections.
1	Isn't wonderful how DISH Network is actively taking advantage of the elderly, swindling 90-year-old women out of their money? Terrible customer service. Horrible company. They sent a door-to-door salesman to my 90-year-old grandmother's house in Sun City. He talked his way into her home, and sold her some ridiculous package. She doesn't even own a computer or know how to use one. Your company makes me sick!
