4	If you are looking for home decor items, you definitely want to check this place out. It is a HUGE warehouse full of everything you could need for your home at awesome prices. It's not set up to look as nice as other decor stores, but if you know what you need and can visualize, you will have no problems here. I found a great floor vase and tons of garden items, plus some odds and ends like key hooks, vases and a really cute step stool so my vertically-challenged self can look out our peephole when someone's at the door. The employees that I dealt with weren't so helpful, but the awesome products and great deals make up for it.
4	You could spend hours in Garden Ridge.  I go in there a couple of times a year and there are always new items in stock.  It's a giant warehouse full of...all kinds of "stuff."  This past weekend, we got a bathroom rug and some artificial flowers.  This past summer, we got a great outdoor patio dining set.  They've got everything from holiday merchandise to lamps to to bedding to rugs to furniture to artificial plants/flowers to luggage to kitchenware to art to candles.  If you're looking for Christmas decorating ideas this season, stop by Garden Ridge.  They have a huge supply of outdoor decorations, artificial trees, and row upon row of ornaments and other indoor decor.  You can almost always find a sale at Garden Ridge, but sometimes you've gotta hunt and peck through their warehouse of merchandise to find just that thing you want/need at the price you want to pay.  It's that giant building behind the Carolina Place mall that looks like a Home Depot at first glance.
1	Garden Ridge has just turned into a junky flea market.  GAG !!!
4	I could get lost in this place for days!  Everything under the sun for home, garden, and probably a lot more that I just haven't discovered yet.  They even have clothing? Lol...too funny.  No, I won't be buying clothes here FYI.  Pricing seems to be pretty good too.  I would kill to have a shopping spree and a big enough house to fit ALL THE THINGS! :)I'll be back for the 6'0" Knight in Shining Armor one day!
4	This is the ultimate home decor store! And very reasonably priced. They have the best selection of christmas ornaments around that If you are like me and you buy ornaments for gifts of teachers and your childrens friends you will be glad! BUT you must shop early in the season like right around Thanksgiving because they will be gone in a hurry.Need fake potted plants of all sizes, making your own fake arrangement, You are also in luck. They have items for your bathroom, candles galore, artwork and even a HIGH HEEL chair!. They have an array of bar stools as well as kitchen chairs, inflatable decor for your yard!. Party supplies, grilling supplies, kitchenware galore. having a kids party or doing a elegant affair- you can find everything you need to decorate, keep foods warm, serve with, beverage dispensers. They often have entire aisles on clearance so look for the signs!You can get some clothes here that maybe you want to decorate. Or maybe you need some new throw pillows, or unique foods, or bedspreads, or a new suitcase! This store is so amazing. You must go here and look, especially if you have that one person on your list that has everything and you have no clue what to get them-- you will find something here! I love this store and wish i could spend hours here
4	I mentioned to a friend that I was headed to one of the big chains (rhymes with Sprawl-Mart) to pick up some furniture for my balcony. He said I should head here instead and what a great suggestion that was. GR is a MASSIVE store with not just outdoor furniture but they also stock tons and tons of really neat stuff for indoors too. In the lawn furniture section, I had a selection of prices colors and styles. I managed to narrow down to a neat and comfy pair of chairs with a foot rest and matching side table. All for less than a hundred bucks! What's not to love?Yep, it's probably only going to last a season or two. But do I really want to pay three times as much for something that will last forever? Sorry, but my budget won't stretch that far.
4	In the past two weeks, I have gone to both Garden Ridge stores.  It is a tremendous difference between the two.  The southern store, is very organized.  I can spend hours upon hours in the different areas looking at merchandise for each room of the house.  From cookware to holiday items to rugs for my foyer.  And my last trip was just amazing.  I had to return to select items that were a better match for my decor.  The sales person....simply glowed and sparkled with the greatest smile. She handled the return and provided great directions to different areas I needed to visit.  Upon checking out.....I was fortunate enough to have the same salesperson...this time glowing even more as she had spent time rearranging trees that were full of glitter to keep the store in order!!!  I will return to the store for the great merchandise and the sparkling service offered by Ms. Glitter!!!
1	I bought some Halloween lights there a few weeks ago that did not work for, $3.99.  Went back to exchange them for better quality ones without my receipt, they said they could not refund.  I thought that was petty of them to not take them back.  They still got my sale for the better quality ones.  The clerk said she was sorry.  If the management was actually sorry they would have refunded my $3.99 don't you think?
3	A bit of a flea market feel, with some great deals to be found.  I don't shop everything here, but I'm partial to the patio umbrellas.  I have two decks that I use for entertaining...and umbrellas can often get in the way.  I love the off-set umbrellas, but they are generally an arm-and-a-leg in price.  Garden Ridge saves the day by selling the umbrellas for $80.  Since I use a minimum of four on my decks, this saves me a huge amount.*If you're like me, and like using these umbrellas, make sure to attach them very securely and to put the umbrellas down on windy days.
2	Garden Ridge is not the same...it has really gone downhill.  It seems that they have bought out other stores of items that did not sell...junky items.  Every time I go in there I can never find anyone to help me and they only have one register open. Their shopping carts are all rusty and broken. I miss the old Garden Ridge.
1	Is it me or have the prices at Garden Ridge gotten ridiculously high? I admit that I'm more of a seasonal Garden Ridge shopper - Christmas season, but thought I'd go have a look around today...really? Small pressed wood end tables for $149 - $400 for an 8x10' rug? As I looked around more, I realized that most, if not all, of what I'd want could be purchased cheaper at Wal-Mart or Target...and better quality. No wonder the store was empty. There was a sign out front saying that they're planning on revamping the store....I hope that means they'll be sharpening their pencils and cutting those prices or the next sign we'll see out front is For Lease!
2	Having just moved to the area with my resplendent girlfriend, one of my bloodcurdlingly saucy gentleman friends advised we hit Garden Ridge. So we did just that. After hearing of sweet deals and a wide array, of unique and tasteful items I was all about it.As I drifted aimlessly through what seemed to an ocean of useless baubles, I thought to myself..."Hey me, this place is way overpriced for the quality of the stuff available." I totally agreed with myself and also admired how sexy my voice was, even when its just in my own head. Just when I thought all was lost...it happened.One of the most beautiful lamps I have ever laid eyes upon. I'm not even going to tell you what it was, cause I know you will just bite my style in hopes of being super cool like me. First of all, this is no cake walk sister. Do you know what it like to be so cool that the elderly and small children freeze to death when they come within 20 feet of you? No...didn't think so. What ensued was me trying to build the most heinous lamp I possibly could, while trying not to have my girlfriend murder me. I t truly was the highlight of my garden ridge excursion. And despite her coming close to strangling me to death in front of a woman who I suspected was wearing a fright wig, and cut off sweatpant shorts, I prevailed. Ultra bad-ass night table lamp was born.A lot useless junk, that they are charging way to much for. If you have some cash to throw around and want to get a few things for your house or garden then go right ahead. You may even find a few gems here and there. But don't go in there expecting great bargains or stuff that is going to blow your doors off....aint happening Mojumbo.
4	Love this place. We go here every year for Christmas ornaments and decorations. I love the variety of home decor you can find here.
