1	This was the most amazingly unfriendly and unsanitary hospital I have been to in a while...It took the staff one hour to figure out that I needed more than two Tylenol for a fever of 103 (this is after waiting for 2 hours in a room full of coughing people that weren't required to wear masks), and I was severely dehydrated, but it didn't seem to matter to anyone.  Not to mention the annoying front desk dude who kept talking in high pitched voices because he thought he was hilarious.  It didn't even seem like he understood how to run a Debit card after trying to swipe mine five different ways to get it to work (my card was brand new, so there definitely wasn't anything wrong with it).  Can we get some competent people up in here?!?The physicians charge a separate fee from the hospital, so don't be surprised if after you have paid your co-pay, that you still owe a physicians fee, and whatever else your insurance didn't cover.  Needless to say, I will NOT be coming back to this hospital.
1	I was just reminded of my horrible experience at this hospital when I was at a much better hospital this past weekend.Years ago I came into this hospital because of severe eye pain following an eye surgery.  I was put in a bed and put in a dark room.  Everything was fine, until I noticed the smell.The bed they had put me in was soaked with urine.  The sheets were clean when I laid down on the bed, but apparently someone had just put new sheets on a urine soaked bed.Rather than apologize, the nurse on staff mentioned that "Sometimes people that come in that are in extreme pain wet themselves.  Its nothing to be embarassed about."  Really?  REALLY?Absolutely disgusting.
1	The one time I came here for myself, my Arizona Brown spider bite was diagnosed as a staff infection. Either way I would have gotten antibiotics, but the misdiagnosis turned me off from this hospitals expertise, especially after a friend who is an army medic and an EMS team diagnosed it right.
3	Iasis has gone downhill the last few years. In the age of squeezing every penny they can out a diminishing return healthcare, you see it the staff treatment, (both received and given), and shape of the hosptial and equipment.
1	My regular doctor had me taken here with an irregular heartbeat--I arrived in an ambulance.  I then spent 8 hours on a gurney, waiting for a room becaue of a nurse shortage.  After two days I hadnot seen a cardiologist.  The second day, the cardiologist sent over his nurse practicioner.  Wow!  Could you spare her!  The third day, my heart beat had stabilized, but Ihad to wait 2 hours to be discharged  for the big cheese cardiologist himself, who had not bothered to drop in, to see me so I could leave.  He was a slick hustler with dyed hair who called me "young lady" (he is not a young man himself) and talked to me for two minutes.  Ugh.  Id never go to this hospital again.  A summary:  one of the nurses got into an argument with a heart patient , with her voice raised, over how long peoplehave to wait in emergency rooms.  I froze all night, and am covered with bruises from their inept staff taking blood.  Dr. Noori, an internist, was a gentleman and a good doc--hope he finds work elsewhere.  The idea of a cardiologist being too busy to see a patient and sending a frickin nurse instead, still makes my blood boil--avoid this place unless you are half-dead.
5	Nurse Tina in the ER...You can draw my blood any time!Add to the incredibly painless needle stick for the IV a very short wait in the ER, a clean facility, ccomprehensive diagnostic work and a staff that left me with no questions and you have a GREAT hospital.On following up with my regular MD, the folks there were spot on in their diagnosis.Not sure what the other reviewers issue is with the place (except for the guy claiming a urine-soaked bed, though I doubt his veracity)...I will certainly put myself under the staff's care here again.
1	DO NOT ever go to Tempe St. Lukes Hospital. They released my Dad earlier today. Basically saying nothing was wrong with him. Follow up with your regular Doctor......yada yada yada. I had to call 911 tonight because he couldn't breath. They took him to Banner Desert where within 15 min the Dr. diagnosed him with Congestive Heart Failure.
2	Short wait but the ER has seen better days, at first glance you might be tempted to leave based on appearances. But hey, you're here for an emergency right?  It took two visits to the ER and what I can only imagine are astronomical hospital bills to find what should have been found the first time.
5	Despite the previous reviews I read about the hospital, I was well taken care of. I had a surgery for my appendix and they provided me with the best care. My own room, meals were good, they took time to explain me the procedure and what was wrong. I recommend this hospital..I mean if you have to go to it otherwise being home is definitely better!
1	I never want to go to this hospital again. Worst experience ever. I was stuck there for five days and all they did was make up more excuses to keep me there. Did every test imaginable and yet left sick and had to go to another hospital. I told them over and over the antibitocs was making me sick. They ignored me and came to find out I was allergic to it. They also have horrible TV service, wtf? The employees also were nice but they were to open in complaining on how they have budget cuts there. I am a patient, I dont want to hear how cheap they are. lol.The food was the most disgusting food ever, I thought I was eating dog food. Go to another hospital if you can. This is a horrible one. I cringe just thinking about it.
5	Was here at ER two times in two weeks for husbands heart issues. Both were wonderful experiences given the stress of being at the ER and one overnight stay the fist time. ...communication was OUtstanding, ER & other staff was so good, food was even good. So glad we ended up @ this smaller hosp where you are not treated like a number. Even parking and navigating the hosp is like hitting Staples' Easy Button.....so much better than the bigger hospitals around here.
1	This hospital is horrible. Don't go here. They did nothing for my daughter. I agree with the other bad reviews. It's old, smelly and dirty. The staff could care less about you. It's a revolving door.
1	I am pretty sure Danielle was the lady that tried to get me not to leave AMA.  I am not sure. But I thought everyone was ok until my last night!  I did think it was strange I got admitted for a dog bite but who knows that could have been appropriate but I did not trust the er dr at all he was a schmuck that was beyond full of himself.  But all the ER nurses were so funny and making me happy I totally dealt with it. Then I got moved upstairs and got the most awesome people ever so I thought this might not suck so bad.  When the night kept sucking they were making it soo better for me. Same thing in the morning and as horrible the food is the people will totally try to make it better for you if you just ask. Also my dr was pretty awesome you do not really see them much though!  Which is why I forgot.  Up until then I was thinking as freaked out as I am that I am here this place is freaking awesome. Then i found out from the lab chick who needs to draw my blood for the rest of my life because she is the mostest awesome person ever that part of the hospital is for criminals. (which would really never bother me) until there was some criminal party that made it weird for actual patients!  There were a ton of cops with prisoners going on after they moved patients to different rooms to do this.Then i realized why people shut their doors!  I had every weird sheriff joe cop looking at me  like they were the shit. It went on for hours and then I personally lost my shit.  I called for some water and cracker because my stomach was really bad and 40 mins later no response because I am assuming prisoners are more exciting as me.  I pulled of my IV and tried to get someone to take the needle part out. That sucked too. They made me go back upstairs and offered me a bunch of drugs to stay there. I said no take all this crap out of me and said give me an AMA to sign so I can  leave!!!!  She actually gave it to me but i could hear her trying to figure it out for what felt like forever!  And it looks like they gave me vaccines I said not too!  I have to go in there to find out!
1	Stay away from this train wreck of a hospital , ER is very unprofessional and I can't believe they can treat people that way. Doctors don't have any idea what they are doing, but they will take your money and if you don't like the way you where treated, to bad and good luck filing a complaint or talking to any one, they are the cricket of hospitals and if you have ever had cricket and had any problems you will be familiar with the way they do things at st lukes.  NEVER AGAIN ILL DIE FIRST BEFORE DEAL WITH THOSE LOOSERS!!!
3	It's definitely not the nicest or most up to date hospital but when my roommate was carried in to our house by a cab driver completely unresponsive to verbal cues or even me pinching him as hard as I could. They managed to wake him up and let us take him back home without any charges. Obviously that says little about how they can handle other more complicated issues but if your worried your friend has serious alcohol poisoning it's a good place to go.
5	I gave birth to both of my sons here and it was amazing. The rooms are big and they are very accommodating. I had no problems with the staff and their nurses treated my sons wonderfully. Thank you!
