4	Went there for a post-Valentine's Day Dinner - had a great experience! Maybe it was the lower expectations (it is a hotel restaurant) or perhaps we were looking for a Sunday meal, but we had a very good experience.The room is nicely decorated, although it's a little odd that the windows face the resort hallway. The ambience is contemporary and low-lit, but suitable for kids in a pinch. Overall the service was superb, perhaps the best part of the meal. Our waitress was full of energy, gave great suggestions and was attentive without being smothering. Plates were cleared on time, service was prompt, and even the bus boys were cordial.Regarding the food - while the menu is a bit limited in scope (leaning towards the steakhouse and sides concept) there is enough to satisfy both meat eaters and fish eaters alike. We both happened to order fish (the seared salmon and the scallops and risotto). Both were excellent and we agreed that the high point of both meals was the truffle-infused risotto that came with the seared scallops (amazing stuff). My other favorite was the polenta "fries", essentially a crispy shell containing creamy polenta that is infused with pecorino romano and truffles. Unbelievable comfort food (I could have had that as my meal).Wine list is good, but pricey - we found some good less expensive options but be prepared for a heavy price tag if you order Cabs. Deserts were good overall but not as creative as the menu reflects. However, the popovers that come as your bread course are sublime!!In the end we both give this a thumbs up and look forward to coming back for the brunch, which multiple people have said is spectacular!
4	Located in the Ballantyne Hotel, I've not had a bad thing in the place. If the Gallery weren't inside the Ballantyne Hotel I'm sure more people would go. You don't have a view of the golf course so don't plan on see it while dining. If you want to stay out of sight (spy stuff!) you had sit around the back corner.They have a nice sized private room that holds 13-15 and closes off from the rest of the restaurant if you need a private room.
4	The Gallery Restaurant is located on the right most wing of the Ballantyne Westin Resort on the 1st floor. They have a restaurant and bar, with a separate bar menu if you want to order smaller plates. The kitchen closes at 10pm so make sure you get there in time!The burgers here are gigantic and delicious. Like every other restaurant in Charlotte, there is a rule that you cannot cook anything under 144 degrees (medium well), but they are still flavorful and juicy. They serve it with a generous side of onion rings or sweet potato fries.This restaurant has a bar and restaurant, and the food and drinks are priced reasonably compared to the Westin in downtown. I ordered a small plate $10 worth of scallops which was a mere 2 scallops with a delicious side of pea shoot salad and candied watermelon. I washed it down with North Carolina blueberry port. If you're hungry, the highest value small plate are the fish tacos.If you want variety you can get a 5 course or 7 course meal that starts at $69.They offer whiskey tastings and have a good variety of top shelf alcohols including a slew of top shelf whiskeys. The bartender is friendly and knowledgeable about everything. I would definitely return if I stayed here again.Just a couple tips about the regular menu:- Duck was excellent, moist, and tasty.- Porkchop was very dry and lacked flavor, it needed sauce.- The Fillet was surprisingly good considering this place isn't a steakhouse.- They have fried mac n cheese tots. - The fries are great!The waitress at the bar is grouchy and mean. The waiter is much nicer but doesn't know anything about wine.
5	Love, love this restaurant. First off you would think situated in a Resort Hotel would be a turn off, absolutely not!! You can dine two ways at The Gallery rest. You can eat in fine diningStyle with your typical upscale whiteTable cloths or if you have a toddler that is semi behaved and can be controlled with crayons or an iPhone :-) then the more relaxed pub like setting will do just fine. On the relaxed pub side there is a small bar and several tv's placed around. The food is standard but tasty and always fresh and flavorful!! The French onion soup is the best in Clt- ties with Georgges Brasserie! The portions are perfect and not chauncy! If you are ever looking for a relaxing, not snooty great place to go that serves your simple fare The Gallery is the place! The service is always superb with noAdditudes on the side. Check out the menu- IPromise you shouldn't have regrets! The atmosphere is always very quiet, so dont go looking to people watch- we likeGoing for a weekend brunch or lunch- you can't beat the quality compared to so many other overpriced dives inThe city!
5	Excellent service. Try the chef's tasting menu and be surprised by the chef's inspiration of the week. The smoked duck with beet salad was amazing. Veal stuffed with mushroom mousse wrapped in Italian sausage garnished with truffle fries was flavorful. The gingerbread cake with eggnog cream filling topped with candied apples and raisins and a white chocolate star was heavenly!
3	To start on a positive note, the staff was extremely helpful working around my food allergies and were extremely nice. They were attentive without being stuffy. The bartender picked a great wine for my mom and I to drink and was great all around. Dinner was mediocre (I got the turkey burger and sweet potato fries, she got the salmon dish). The burger was flavorful but her dish was on the small size for the price and was just fair. Dinner gets 3-stars because although dinner was ok, dessert was bad. I ordered a s'more type sundae which was described as homemade graham crackers, marshmallow, and then toffee ice cream and bananas with butterscotch. The graham cracker was hard as a rock and the ice cream had MAJOR freezer burn. I love my desserts so if that is messed up it ruins a meal for me. I wouldn't come back again and I wouldn't recommend it, the staff was just too nice for me to say it while I was there.
5	We really enjoyed our dinner at the Gallery restaurant.  The service was fantastic and we loved our waiter Billy's suggestions and easy going manner.  We opted for the 5 course tasting menu with wine pairings also known as the adventure menu.  Nothing we were served was currently on the menu.  Our first course was amazing.  I had the fabulous french onion soup by special request.  There is a reason it is the best french onion soup in Charlotte.  My husband had a great shrimp and scallop cerviche.  This was the best dish of the night!  The delightfully warm gruyere popovers were fabulous and it was hard to hold back with all the food to come.  Our next two dishes were both a fresh fish.  Both were perfectly cooked.  One was served over a selection of matchstick vegetables with curry.  We thought it had a good balance.  The only dish that was a miss was the lamb. Meat didn't have a lot of flavor and the texture was not pleasing. It may not have been a good cut.  The mashed potatoes were wonderful.  The desserts were great!  My husband enjoyed a nice piece of cheesecake with a house made sour cherry topping and I had a yummy chocolate pralaine tort with an amazing artesian marshmellow and some chocolate "art."Dinner was at a nice leisurely pace as we were making an evening out of it.  The wine and scotch selections are extensive..
3	I came here for the 7 course tasting menu. The popover was excellent and the staff was wonderful, but the food (for the summer menu) was consistently mediocre, from the amuse bouche through the next four. We ultimately left before it was finished as it wasn't worth sticking through to the end. Maybe their dishes a la carte are better, and I really wanted to like it, but the tasting menu should present some of the best or at least most ambitious samples of the chef's oeuvre, and these fell flat.For the server and ambiance and the decent-enough dishes, it gets 3 stars, but it was disappointing and I wouldn't go back.
5	Quite possibly one of the BEST places for an upscale breakfast in Charlotte.Every time I come here the service is unbelievable, the portions fantastic and the food extremely good. Whether you are ordering basic scrambled eggs and bacon or the eggs Benedict there is no way you will be disappointed. The burger for lunch is very good as well.
4	Perfect
4	We went here for a date night this past weekend. The food was excellent, and the service was great. My tenderloin was perfectly cooked, as was my husband's ribeye. The docking of a star is mostly because for the prices we paid, I expect the ambiance to be better. Gallery feels very much like an average (not even resort) hotel restaurant, with a "view" of a hallway and unattractive decor. The bar is very nice, but the dining area is exceptionally plain.Still, my husband hasn't stopped raving about the popovers, and the food and service were truly great. The wine list was also spectacular.
1	Staff was very rude. We did not have reservations. I should have called prior to our visit but  it was a last minute decision and we used to stay at the hotel when we did not live in N.C. The manager was at the entrance and asked if we had a reservation. I said no. He said sorry they were booked. No problem we could come back later. However looking at the restaurant 1/2 of the restaurant was empty. The bar was beside the restaurant. My husband asked if we could get a drink in the bar. The mananger said yes. Went to the bar, once again open tables everywhere and surprise we are offered the dinner menu.. The bar and the restaurant are basically the same room. It is a shame! They really seemed to not want our business. Food is good, hotel is lovely but the staff ruined it all!
5	The place has 5 star service and 10 star food. No other service beats it in Charlotte and I've tasted nothing better there either. I've been to a lot of places in Charlotte, Charleston, NYC . . . this is top of the line.I was coursed a meal by the chef and it was unbelievable. A very memorable experience.
5	Updated 9/2012 Their Sunday brunch is still great but some times they have a buffet and sometimes they do not; I can't figure out their rules as to whether they will do a buffet or not. But breakfast from the menu (great salmon plate or omelet) or buffet are both great. They do a great Sunday breakfast buffet. The food choices are limited but all well selected and delicious. Go for the cold buffet and enjoy their excellent salmon. The fruit is fresh and the granola is as good as it gets same goes for their made in house pastries; over indulge in their blueberry muffins, they are worth it.For a special occasion call ahead and let them know what the occasion is. You will be made to feel special. It is a given that any food ordered there is excellent. If you are bored one afternoon try their bar (off of the Gallery) for  a relaxing drink and real tasty bar snacks. I forgot to mention they serve first rate coffee and I do not mean Starbucks.If all this sounds great but you are on a reduced budget go there for lunch, same great kitchen turning our that great food but a tiny bill at meal's end. You can't go wrong with their steak or scallops at lunch both have portion sizes that do not overwhelm (or make you feel guilty as you get up from the table).And with any meal order their coffee which is first class; if you are used to dinner or chain cafe coffee go here and taste what coffee should taste like.
5	One of the best things about living in the 'burbs is Gallery at Ballantyne Hotel.  I love this place for a lot of reasons, great service, wonderul bar menu and atmosphere.  During my most recent visit I enjoyed a beer and wonderful cheddar cheese and bacon sliders.  My friend had a great berry martini and fish tacos.  Her two generous fish tacos were more than enough for a meal and got two thumbs way up!The bar has the best atmosphere and the most comfortable seating. Even when it's crowded, you can always converse without having to raise you voice while continuing to sink back in comfy chairs.  They have wine and other drink specials and don't forget the great patio that overlooks the golf course when weather is great and the sky is Carolina Blue!
1	Perhaps it's my own fault for having returned to this restaurant after a bad experience a year ago, but I guessed because it continues to get the attention of certain elites that our experience must have been an anomaly. It wasn't.  Once again, everything was simply horrible, both food and service.  My wife's appetizer of crab fritters was inedible and had to be exchanged for a salad.  My appetizer of foie gras was equally awful but I ate it anyway.  Then came the main course of ravioli which seemed nice on the menu; I ate it because I was hungry and frustrated, but was then sick during the night.  My wife was smart enough to just skip the main course.  Finally, the desserts; I had an overpriced creme brulee (how can you screw that up?) and she had a something that turned out to be a slice of cooked pear and a teaspoon of sherbet.  Shrug.  As for the service, the waiter  interrupted our conversation again and again with preening and obnoxious attention in an effort to seem french.  Meanwhile, diners around us were dressed in shorts and sweatshirts as if they had come directly from the beach, and in the next room there was a table full of unsupervised pre-teens laughing and carrying on loudly.  The atmosphere was enough to ruin even our enjoyment of the bottle of wine.
4	I had a meeting at the Ballantyne Hotel this week and met my team there in the morning for breakfast and also returned for lunch in the afternoon.  I will start by saying it is very well decorated, well lit and welcoming.  Prices are about what you would expect for the location and the service was attentive and friendly.Breakfast, to be honest the food could have been better.  I ordered the California Omlette which had avacado, tomato, onion and I think turkey.  I say "I think" because the omlette was "OK" and I just don't remember anything about it, other than it was bland.  The breakfast potatoes were served cold.  The coffee there is wonderful however.Lunch was a complete 180 degree turnaround.  Started off with a popover which was great, almost "eggy" inside and a nice start to the meal.  I ordered the shaved leg of lamb sandwich which was quite possibly, one of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  I am a huge fan of well cooked lamb, and this was dead on.  Shaved leg of lamb, some sort of hummus on a nice roll.  The lamb was nicley cooked and flavorful with just the right amount of fat.  The fries were well cooked and of good consistency, which is important.  So many times restaurants have great sandwiches and crappy fries which takes away from the meal.The lunch experience will make me think about adding Gallery to my rotation of places to have lunch when I'm in Ballantyne.
1	Don't know what has happened to this place but my meal there last night was honestly just NOT good. I have been here before and loved it...even going so far as to call it one of the best restaurants in Charlotte if not the best. Last night, that was far from the case...and on Valentines Day too!There were four of us in our party. We ordered a combination of the 3 course special menu and the regular a la carte menu. I had the lobster and truffle risotto which tasted so fishy I could not choke it down. My mom got the oysters Rockefeller which arrived like warm and salty as you can possibly imagine. My husbands butternut squash soup was also like warm and honestly tasted like something out of a Campbell's can (let's face it I've had better Campbell's). I sent mine back and got the mixed green salad instead. That was actually good although not outstanding which is what I expect from this type of restaurant. Still trying to be positive we moved on to the next course. Out of 3 dishes bc my husband and dad got the same thing, 2 were sent back. The scallops were gritty, fishy and just plain gross. My mom's swordfish was also fishy and tasted just "not fresh" is how I can describe it. The only decent dish was my filet, which I still had to be sent back to have cooked correctly bc my medium came out just plain rare.The dessert plate was decent and we did eat that, but all in all I was extremely underwhelmed and will NOT be dining here again unless they do something major with their kitchen. Even the manager seemed extremely inexperienced and barely uttered an apology for this disaster of a meal. Yuck!
3	Took an interviewee here for a business dinner tonight. Service was excellent; food subpar. We ladies had the bass and my hubs had the pasta. We had crispy artichokes and an orange beet salad to start. The artichokes were unimpressively prepared and the salad was so soaked in dressing that we couldn't enjoy the flavors. The bass, however, was perfectly caramelized. Unfortunately, even the chocolate torte left something to be desired. Do yourself a favor: there's lots of great restaurants in Charlotte; don't waste your money here. Caveat: hubs works locally and says breakfast and lunch items far surpass the dinner offerings. Don't know what others have experienced, but this place should consider hiring a new chef.
5	I was visiting Charlotte for work, and had the opportunity to visit Gallery Restaurant, where an acquaintance of mine works as a line cook. He advised that we should go for the tasting menu, either 4 or 6 courses. For a change, I followed someone's advice and I'm very happy that I did. We were asked about our preferences and definitely saw these taken into account throughout the meal: the presentation of the first course, the spiciness of the mustard greens in the third course, and the cheese selection in the fifth course, as well as the choices of proteins in general.The Facilities. The restaurant is located in the Ballantyne Hotel, on the Southern edge of Charlotte. The hotel is surrounded by a golf course, in a very posh area. The restaurant itself is separated into a pub like dining and/or drinking area and a proper restaurant with formal service and setting. I'm guessing that its name is derived from the many many artworks on the wall throughout the dining area. The floor is composed of a wonderful wood mosaic.The Service. In the first 5-10 minutes we were there, we had 3 different waiters, all of whom seemed a bit confused about what was going on. This didn't stop us from getting water, rolls, and cocktails though. After Salvatore brought our drinks, the confusion about who would wait on us was settled and Salvatore did an extremely good job. He was talkative enough to feel warm and gracious and create a sense of intimacy, but without compromising service or feeling intrusive. Both Salvatore and the Expediter (from the kitchen) provided thoughtful, formal service, with a relaxed attitude.The Food. Without a doubt, this is where The Gallery really shows what they are all about. Our inital course was a tasting of 5 caviars, house-made creme fraiche, and a pearlescent colored aioli--that I can't remember the description of. Since the kitchen knew that I had a relationship with one of their own through a common interest in Japanese kitchen knives, this course was served on one of these knives--which was the personal property of my friend. I don't expect this presentation to become common, I only mention it to show the thoughfulness, creativity, and thinking on their feet going on in the kitchen. This was the first time I had any kind of caviar that wasn't part of sushi, and it was amazing. Lots of different textures, flavors, and intensities. Mix in the aioli and creme fraiche and it was a very well conceived dish executed flawlessly. The expediter brought this dish out, given the uniqe nature of it...when Salvatore came to take it away, he was caught off-gaurd to discover there was an actual knife on the plattern, so bonus points for that ;)  The second course was seared scallops, with kohlrabe, purple cauliflower, light green cauliflower, microgreens, and a sauce of bacon and figs. This is a dish that I would have never ordered as I strongly detest the mixing of sweet and savory. I'm glad it was simply presented to me and it was an amazing demostration of the Chef's ability to balance complex elements. The figs allowed the smokiness of the bacon to stand out, while taming some of the bacon's harsher elements, creating harmony between two things that would normally conflict to my palate. I'd never had kohlrabe before...and had to look it up on wikipedia to find out what it is. It's a mild flavored, and smallish turnip, which is exactly what it tasted like. I couldn't detect any flavor difference with the 2 colored cauliflowers, but they were very nicely prepared and simply gorgeous. The fond from the pan sauce was poured into a little cup that was carved out from the Kohlrabe...and it was excellent...bacon bits and turnips! Also, the scallops were butterflied...and the quality of the cut which butterflied them was superb, absolutely no tearing and no mark at all from the cut. Perfect.The third course was seared pork belly with flash-fried chiffonade of mustard greens, truffle oil, and rice. This course made me very sad. Sad that there are people who cannot eat pork.  This is perhaps the single best thing I have ever eaten in a restaurant. Crispy, salty, sweet, deeply caramelized...with a little starch from the rice, and extra depth from the truffles. Remainder of review posted as an update....
5	This is part 2 of my review, posted as an update to my original.The fourth course was grilled ribeye steak, with quail egg (sunny side up) over forbidden wild rice with black garlic and white asparagus. The steak was cooked at what I consider the perfect temp for ribeye, about 1/2 betwen mid-rare and medium (more red than pink, and warm). I wasn't familiar with black garlic before this...it has a very deep earthy flavor and has little in common with all other garlic preparations I've had, it was quite tasty and novel (for me). The egg was cooked exactly how I like them: sunny side up, runny yolk, and slightly caramelized whites around the edges giving a crispy texture. Despite this being done in every way perfectly....it was still 2nd the pork. The pork was just that good.The fifth course was cheese. I can't recall the details here, and failed to get a picture as well :(  There was a semi-soft Italian cheese (my wife and Salvatore had been discussing their shared Italian heritage throughout the first 4 courses), and a firm Spanish cheese, onion relish, candied beets, and something I have completely forgotten the name of. It was kind of like a fine dining version of frosted flakes...very nicely balanced the saltiness and uniform texture of the cheeses. The onion relish was very nicely done as well, the onions still had enough texture to contrast with the cheese, but no crunch left at all. The candied beets were almost like a flexible art glass in their deep color and translucency. The 5th course was dessert. Chocolate Torte, a cherry turnover, and a graham cracker ice cream. This was definitely the weakest of the 6 courses--which isn't surprising, neither my wife nor I are big dessert eaters and rarely order it. The torte was unremarkable, but well-executed. Ditto the turnover. The ice cream however was a surprise and a delight. Nicely made ice cream with a modest overrun and deep graham cracker flavor, with a few crunchy bits here and there to vary the texture.This was the best meal I've ever had in a restaurant...and I eat in a lot of fine dining restaurants (though I rarely have anything other than an app + entree). I have paid a great deal more, gotten a greal deal less, and been happy about it. this was one of the best values in fine dining I've ever seen as well.I realize that this review is extremely positive, perhaps even gushing. I assure you I do not usually write reviews like this....I have quite a few of them on Yelp! so you can check me. I will certainly criticize when I see a need, this was just a genuinely amazing experience. I have uploaded photos of each course to Yelp...except the cheese course which was devoured before thinking of the camera.
5	My husband and I went for our anniversary dinner.  The food was excellent, as was our waitress.  Only because I'm nitpicky, I didn't like that we made a reservation for two, and were sat at a table set for four, which they they had to alter. A lot of the staff would come over to chat, which was quirky, but they were all very nice.  Our waitress found out it was our anniversary and the chef sent us out some samples of his specials, along with a dessert brownie and homemade icecream at the end.  A MUST try if you go, is the Foie gras flatbread appetizer.  Whether you love Foie gras or hate it, you need to try it!. My husband ordered it because he loves Foie gras, but I (usually) can't stand it. It was honestly one of the most delicious appetizers I've ever had! I ended up eating his app and neglecting my own (butternut squash soup, which was also delicious, but not a star like the flatbread).  I had the scallops and my husband had the duck, we both were extremely happy with our entrees. The only thing I wasn't 100% satisfied with was my drink.  I ordered the Berry Sangrai. It wasn't very berry-like, and kind of bland.  Other than that, and the table setting, everything else was spot on. Highly recommend.
5	We were layed over in Charlotte and at the last minute grabbed a room at the Ballayntine....we made a reservation at Gallery and really had an exceptional meal. I recommend the Beef Carpacio appetizer and the fried chicken...I also loved the home made ice creams . the service was excellent and friendly and the manager suggested we try some "buzz buttons" from the local farm. Anyway, its a great surprise to have a great meal with great friendly service. thank you Gallery
5	The food was GREAT. Personalized menu for my husband birthday. The mussels were superb, it was tasty and big portion. very impressive decor, however I thought this place would be crowded because of the great food, service and price.
4	The food is good. Ordered the Italian Flatbread and the Duck. Portion size: the flatbread is a good appetizer size. But the duck is ok but can barely fill an athletic person (if you are an athlete training for long distance sports).Taste: i liked both dishes. The duck is flavorful. Speed of food preparation: they are on the slow side. Especially between my flatbread and the duck. The wait was over 15 minutesAtmosphere: i decided to sit at the bar. That was a good choice as the scene is a bit more social and there is a tv. Service: Lauren, the waitress, who served me is great. She was fun to chat with and energetic.All in all: a good 4 stars restaurant
5	Came here for a work dinner and it was amazing. Not busy or loud on a Friday night, which is always nice.Our waiter was very helpful, definitely had strong opinions about the food and wasn't afraid to tell you if you should do something different.I had the scallop ravioli appetizer, seared white fish and homemade ice cream. It was very good and really not as expensive as I anticipated. Perhaps because everything is expensive in Seattle? Anyways, really nice place, good atmosphere, I'd go back.
3	Service was ok to slow, food quality not great resulting in a meal that was overpriced.I had the burger, the egg was a nice touch but it still lacked a significant amount of flavor.My girlfriend had the beef tenderloin medallions, they were ok :/My friends are about to get married here in October and the food was bad enough they are going to be asking to have someone else cater the event.
1	To qualify, I travel every week on business do different cities. First time in Charlotte. Stayed at hotel and everyone from the front desk to the bartenders recommended the Gallery and the rib cap steak. This was one of my WORST meals ever on a trip. Worst than NC Basketball played against ND tonight.  the premiere dish is the rib eye rib cap, but it really is 2 slices of meat. It comes with a quail egg, but mine was served with quail egg, well done. How can you get that yoke with a well done egg? Servers drop dishes all over the place, and it is run by kids who don't get exceptional dining and service experience for a 4 or 5 star hotel. Maybe because it's Starwood. Manager apologized and took care of an $8 glass of wine. Best of luck, but don't dine here. Money best spent elsewhere.
1	What a mess. Came here for breakfast before golf. Waited 45 minutes for our food, which was just ok. Then we couldn't find our waitress to pay and it took another 15 minutes to pay. The place was less than half full. Worst managed place I've been to in a long time.
4	Excellent food and impeccable service. The menu is fairly limited but there is a huge wine list. If the weather is nice, grab a table outside for an amazing view of the 18th green of the resorts course.   Extremely pricey!
5	My husband took me here for my birthday. The staff was wonderful and worked hard to make it a special meal including a specially decorated dessert plate.
