4	I stopped by here for a quick pedicure and was very happy with the service. The staff were friendly and helpful and my toes look great! Would definitely come here again!
5	I switched to this nail salon about 9 months ago because it's closer to home.  Not only are their prices about $5.00 cheaper, per service, than anyone else, Steven and his wife are incredibly sweet.  They do very good work (I'm picky), and the salon is always very clean, and they always accommodate my last minute appointments.  Steven and his wife treat their customers well and provide special touches that other salons seem to ignore.  I've been getting acrylic nails since 1995, and visited at least 20 salons, this one by far, has been my favorite.
4	Not expensive..
4	They did a fabulous job. I was seated quickly and given a list of services and prices to look at while I soaked. I picked the Spa Pedicure and got two "extra" services for $7 instead of $10. The environment is clean and calm and the service was not rushed. I will be coming back here again!
5	A family run business with awesome employees and affordable manicures and pedicures.They categorise procedures do you don't pay for some crap you don't need. Pedicures with the stone massage afterwards help sooth feet.  Yes even soldiers get pedicures :)
1	I am still pissed that I even spent money here, totally NOT WORTH IT!!! My nails are so damaged thanks to one of the ladies that over used the drill tool, even burning me in the process. The gel manicure I got didn't even last long before it was chipping. Besides their quality of work, which there is NONE, the way they treat you or the way I got treated was "let's get her in and out!"I came back twice! Not because I wanted to, but because I had too!!!  I wanted them to fix the gel nails that were peeling within one day!!! Of course they give me the lady who burned me and did the gel mani in the first place, WHY??? I don't know but she was trying to put the blame on me for her crappy nail job, telling me to wear gloves when I clean. I hadn't even begun to clean since it had only been one day since getting the bad nail job plus,I was busy with graduations and that's why I wanted my nails to look right. But there is no point in trying to explain yourself here because there is such a STRONG LANGUAGE BARRIER!! It was hard communicating with anyone because of it!! How she even communicated for me to wear gloves while cleaning was by actually grabbing a glove and showing me!! Ha!! Very insulting to be made to feel that she thinks her nail job was up to par and that somehow I caused the chipping and peeling. She was just very rude. After the fixing of the previous bad nail job, she went over all the nails with another coat of gel polish causing them to look warped  and uneven. Yuck!! Making this nail job THE ULTIMATE WORST GEL MANICURE IN MY LIFE!!! I will not ever go back and I suggest to you reading this, to not even consider spending and wasting your time here!! *just to throw it in there, I didn't receive any arm and hand massage either!
4	They did a great job! I went in for a pedicure after work and luckily the place wasn't too busy. It's a nice spot. Clean. New chairs. The lady was very gentle especially after I pointed out that I had just hiked 14 miles to the top of a mountain over the weekend and really just came in for my achy feet - which desperately needed some attention to detail. She took forever to massage my feet. And by foreeeeeeeever .... I mean that she took her time massaging and rubbing from leg to toe. It was nice that she really took her time. Fantastic! Paint job was great and was overall a real pleasure to let her take care of my pretty toes. I will definitely be back.
1	This is the absolute worst nail salon I've ever been to! Never will I go there again and I would not recommend this place to anyone! My nails have never looked so awful and they started to come off within a week. I have no idea how this place is still even getting businessI wouldn't even give this place 1 star if I had that option
