4	Cheap chinese buffets are my favorite type of "Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives" to seek out and enjoy; a little bit of risk can sometimes bring a great reward. Other times..., well, it's a gamble that either pays off or it doesn't -- hopefully you don't pay too dearly! China Harvest is one of the good finds, but it takes a very specific taste (ie cheap) to fully enjoy a dining experience there. The restaurant is housed in a former Denny's restaurant building, in a Food City shopping center at 28th Ave and Cactus in North Phoenix, and with its sloping, tiled roof, really looks like an old chinese building. They added a bright green, almost chartreuse, interior paint-job and stuck compact fluorescent light bulbs in all of the booth's fixtures to spruce up the place and make it their own, creating quite a trailer-chic ambiance. China Harvest has been in this location for a long time, and is almost always moderately busy. It seems to be a family-run operation, since the same workers are always there whether I go for a late dinner or an early weekday lunch (insert Labor Law joke here). In several years of coming here, I've never gotten personal with the staff, but they are always polite, recognize me as a regular customer, and are even occasionally cheerful, if reserved. Cleanliness is okay, but the place is OLD, so maintains a pretty dumpy facade. If you can get past the decor, China Harvest does make some pretty good 'american-style' chinese food. All of the staples are there, such as S&S chicken, fried rice, noodles, egg rolls, etc. They also include some items that are not always found, but that I appreciate, such as spinach, bean sprouts, and other veggies. I am not a seafood fan, but they always have plenty of choices, from stuffed crab to shrimp to mussels, which my wife and daughter enjoy a lot. I've even seen folks 'sucking the heads' of a pile of crayfish. I usually stick with the several varieties of chicken dishes, such as spicy General Tso's, sweet honey-sesame, or teriyaki chicken, and the BBQ pork as well. There are plenty of generic dessert choices to choose from including soft serve ice cream, fruit, cakes, and there's always room for Jello. My only concerns are that a lot of the dishes are cooked using a deep fryer, and sometimes the temperature or draining must not be quite right and the items are a little on the wrong side of the GREASY-CRISPY Spectrum. On those days, the food quality combined with the environment would only warrant about 2.5 stars. If this could be remedied to at least be consistent, or better yet if there were more dishes prepared by grilling, woking, or baking, I would enjoy the food even more. Also, there are no toppings available for the ice cream, just a standard soft serve machine with VAN - SWIRL - CHOC and a choice of a dish or a cone. I get around this by adding some of the bananas with fake strawberry sauce from the salad area of the buffet, but some chocolate syrup and nuts would be even better. A nice choice for lunch is to take advantage of paying by the pound to get it to go. You get to load up however much you like and pay for that much -- lunch to go for me is usually around $3-5, which can save over the All-You-Can-Eat price if you don't have a big appetite that day. I don't like this on days when I want a ton of food, though; then it's better to go to a one-price per box place. China Harvest may only be a 3 star joint to most folks, but it is right up my alley as a low cost, decent quality, cheapo china 'booofay'.
3	Fellow Yelpite Ryan C & I were discussing the local buffet scene, & he said that this one was his favorite, so I decided to give it a try."Trailer-chic ambiance?"  Absolutely!  So far, Ryan & I are in complete agreement.  Let's give this  place some + & - grades on individual aspects:+  Friendly hostess.+  Low price.-  Laid out weird.  Not very comfortable atmosphere (on east side... I    might have done better on the west side.-  Soap opera blabbing out loudly on TV hanging in the middle of the east    dining area.+  Good selection of about 50 trays.-   Food not labeled.+  Excellent Hot & Sour Soup, Egg Foo Young & gravy, mushrooms in a    brown sauce, fried chicken, pork in a spicy orange sauce.-   Greasy Fried Rice, greasy bean sprouts.Bottom line:  The friendliness, low price, & mostly good food go a long way to make up for the 1-Star atmosphere.  I'll probably try it again sometime & see if I do better sitting on the west side of the serving area instead.Lunch $5.69, Dinner $6.99
4	Awesome value and pretty good quality for a Chinese buffet. I really like their crab! Great flavor unlike those watered-down just defrosted snow crab legs from the other places. Nice and friendly service.
4	I wanted to update the review since China Harvest has updated their decor!If you've been there in the last few years, you've seen the weird shade of green that accented all of the white-ish walls.  If you're like me, you grew to like the odd green color for its strangely soothing quality; I can't help but be reminded of a 1940's mental institution.Well that has all changed (KIND OF) since the walls have a fresh coat of off-white-wash, and the accent color has been changed to a lovely, putrid, baby shit yellow-brownish; I can't help but be reminded of the classy and stylish 1960's Harvest Gold kitchen appliances.Technically, it is an improvement, although you have to question the judgement call on the color selection.  Perhaps for the person in charge of that choice, the mental institution green was just a little too appropo?!?They also put up some very nice wide-slat wood blinds with a medium dark wood stain tint.  They do a great job at blocking out the harsh sun, or even harsher Food City parking lot that graces your window view.Still cheap and still usually great, just not consistent.  Another recent improvement is steamed white rice in a rice cooker for you to scoop from instead of from a dish on the steamtable.  Keeps the rice nice and fluffy instead of it turning into crunchy toothbreakers.Still my 4 star goto cheapo china boofay.
4	I like Chinese buffet restaurants and I've just found what is right now my favorite boo-fay in North Phoenix. I decided to check this out today because I was craving Chinese food and happened to read Ryan C's review. He's right - the place may look old with a dumpy facade, but the food is good and the staff is polite. Although it is "American Chinese" cuisine, it is higher in quality than most buffets. They use seasonings other buffets scrimp on (sesame oil, anise, etc.), and the food trays are quickly replenished when they begin to run out. And you can't beat the price - the price of lunch, tax included, is $6.16. Thanks, Ryan, for letting me find this gem in my neighborhood!
2	It is funny how things work. I took my 12 year old here to eat because she wanted Chinese Boo-fay. I decided to look at Uncle Ryan C's reviews because he knows cheap Boo-fays. This one was the highest rated and closest to the house. So how bad could it be. In fact he had lunch here the very same day. Location -1 star, this strip mall sucks. There were guys smoking 2 ft from the door. The building is U&gt;G&gt;L&gt;Y stuff falling off the overhang, bad paint, i almost got ran over walking out to my car, sketchy patrons etc. Interior -1 star this place was a Carrows at one time I am sure of it. When is the last time you saw a Carrows in Phoenix.... yep the decor is that old. As mentioned they recently painted and hung blinds. I could not imagine this place before. Service 3 stars very nice attentive and not intrusive. Food 2 stars at best. The food was just there. Nothing stood out, nothing was horrible. I sampled almost everything there except the seafood. I had made a deal with my colon years ago to stop eating buffet seafood. Ice cream machine -1 star... would have rather had ice chips. I doubt I would be back. There are plenty of other cheap places that have higher quality nicer ambiance and closer to my house.
3	It's been a little over a year since I dined here, so it seemed time to give it another try & an update.  Stepping inside, I see that they have remodeled it a little, particularly replacing the beat up vinyl blinds with nice faux wood ones.  The only trouble is, they don't have them set right to control the bright light glaring in from all the way around the east, south, & west sides.  This makes it hard to find a comfortable booth or table where the bright light isn't glaring into your eyes.Here were a few of the other standouts for me here today, positive & negative, as I selected from the 57 food items being offered, not counting sauces & dressings:Especially good:*  The tasty breaded fried shrimp!*  The delicious fried chicken wings... crispy outside, moist & tender inside!*  Good Egg Foo Young & gravy (not "hockey pucks")!*  Nice, fairly creamy soft-serve ice cream!The not-so-good:*  Unfriendly hostess!*  TV blabbing out Mexican soap opera!*  Their water has a nasty taste & needs to be filtered!*  There are too many chicken dishes.  How about some pork, for instance?*  Weak salad table.  Not much to put on the lettuce besides cucumber slices & dressing.  Where are the tomatoes, olives, onions, broccoli, croutons, & so on?With with the shortcomings, China Harvest here still lands 3-Stars from me, as it did last time.  The food is pretty good overall, & it certainly beats King Wah, for instance, but it doesn't measure up to the five Chinese buffets along Bell Rd.    :-)Lunch Buffet $5.69
2	Small selection of food here,but for the price I guess its ok.Its not all Chinese, there was some American food as well. Some of the food seemed old and service was ok. Was driven in by cheap price but your better off paying more for a more quality buffet.
1	I've been hungry for some decent Chinese food for quite a  while.  I noticed China Harvest had a coupon that came in the mail.  Today I decided to drive over and see if it was any good..  I've been there about 8 years ago and wanted to give it another chance.  Stupid me.  When I walked in they had me pay right away.  Now I know why, people probably either left without paying or refused to pay.  I should have walked out.The place seemed clean and the waitress was good at cleaning off the tables.So I started filling my plate and sat down.  Orange chicken was just OK, not good but OK.  The jalapeno chicken was horrible, very tough to chew like rubber.  I was very disappointed since I really only will eat a few things from Chinese places.  Next plate.  I tried the honey ribs, again tough as rubber.  The honey chicken was OK but not great.  The crispy wings weren't very good,  I'm a wing guy so another disappointment.  The diet Coke was mixed very wrong.  It tasted like pure chemicals, mixed way to strong.  No way I was going to try the waterNext plate.  Since I was still starving I decided to try some fries. Who could screw up fries. They were actually very good so I had to fill up on fries.  I did try the sweet and sour chicken but the sauce was either very bland or watered down.On the way home I started feeling like I almost had to pull over and stick my head out the window.  I should have known better! Next time I want Chinese food I'm going to Panda Express.  I know it's good but a little expensive.  I will never eat there again nor go to any other Chinese food place here in Phx.  Finding a good one is just too tough.
3	Wow, it's been almost 2 1/2 years, but this nice restaurant finally came up again.  Joined today for the Lunch Buffet by Norm R. & Mike C. I found the food selection to be about the same size as before (59 items plus sauces & dressings), but the host was friendly, the water was ok, & there were a variety of seafood & pork dishes this time, all improvements from my previous visits.The cold table still is short of items to make a decent salad & the soft ice cream is awful, but I think the comfortable east dining area (away from the blabbing TV over on the other side) and the low prices earned this one a high 3 Stars this time.     :-)Lunch Buffet:  $5.99 plus beverage / Sr:  $5.49 including beverage.
5	This place when using their coupon is an amazing value.
5	I read all the reviews on Google, it seems very bad. but I still gives it a try, because its close to my house. I went there Saturday. MY GOD!!!! It is full of people. I have to waited 10 minutes for sitting. It seems like the restaurant just got remodel. the restroom is very clean (If the restroom keep clean, usually that mean the kitchen is clean). anyway,  they got 12 seafood dishes which included crab, Jalapeno shrimp, fried shrimp, cold shrimp, steam fish, fried fish, etc. they tasted great. These much of food compare to its price ($5.99 all day every day), it's too cheap man!!! I even hear my next table said why they don't have crab leg, I think they just think too much.service is good, the busgirl pick up plate on time, what can you expect. this is a self serve restaurant. I love this restaurant. I will go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	We got a coupon for this place so decided to try it.  We didn't expect much for $6.50 for a Sunday dinner.  The place was packed.  Some of the trays were empty when we went for the 1st plate.  The worker bees were busy. kept the place and tables clean.  Food was ok, nothing out of the ordinary.  The crab was a big hit except everytime I was up there, the tray was empty.  I'd rather pay a bit more and go to a place I like better.  For the money tho, it was average.
1	First let me say I'm a picky eater love good food a friend took me here so was not my first choice da price was good da food ? Let's just say my first and last time hopefully.
2	I've lived here 7 years and always see the parking lot full, I figured I'd give it a try. Wenton a Friday night around 6 pm...the staff was really nice and attentive- hence the 2 stars. As for the food, small selection first of all, second...I got one plate full, took one bite...cold... another bite.....squishy....and the chicken (it was supposed to be chicken) was horrible. Sometimes I just dislike different sauces, but the actual Meat tasted awful- like it was bad. Maybe it was just a bad night, but either way it was the grossest food I've ever had. On the plus side, I asked the manager for our money back since neither of us could even begin to finish ONE plate and were hating it and she refunded the money without question.
5	Ordinarily just 'bang for the buck' in these economic times would be enough to give a buffet fivers. We've been going here for years, ever since we lived about a mile away.The variety, flavor and cleanliness of this family owned Chinese buffet has been consistent.On top of that the price has not wavered and perhaps bumped down w/o compromising in any aspect. It is popular with a variety of people even Asians. That alone speaks to authenticity as well.After our latest meal last week we headed to another 'one of a kind'place to work off the calories. Newly opened, the Phoenix Badminton Center...8 indoor world class courts with all the necessary perks for a ton of fun and you don't realize your'e knocking off the pounds either. Brilliant I say, just downright brilliant!Our company loved it so much, they want to do this combo often on a regular basis.We're hooked....Chinese and Badminton, how can you go wrong? Such a rarity in the Phoenix area. To top it all they're only less than 10 mts. apart by freeway. I think the 'ton' in badminton (indoors) must stand for a TON of FUN! Wow, we're blown away!
2	On any other day I would have passed on eating here. But it's Christmas and I'm not from AZ so I'm not sure what else would be open as I got further north on the 17. $6.99 was an ok price to put some food in me, but nothing I ate was all that appealing. Usually there's at least one or two items that I'll go back for. Oh well, not every meal can be a winner.
3	It is near my house and we eat here all the time.  It is very affordable and delicious!  Workers seem nice and I've never had a bad experience.
3	When I get the urge for chinese food, this place is right down the street, and fills my needs at a reasonable price.  As with all of these inexpensive buffets, there is good and there is bad, but the "goods" are worth coming back for, especially at a price that is less that a single item at almost all the non-buffet chinese restaurants.
1	Roach infested! My boyfriend and I came across this place when we were at the antique mall one day. We always saw it but never cared enough to try it out due to its broke outward appearance. I was craving chinese one day after leaving the mall & we decided to give it a try and grab some take out. It wasn't too bad and the price was reasonable so we came back a couple times a dined in. Sadly, today will be our last time we ever go there. I went to grab a second plate of food and as I sat down a roach crawled right past me on the table and onto the ledge. I seriously froze and didnt know what to do. I was watching the roach crawl past the customers in front of me only to see another one right next to the customer on the back rest of their booth.. The hostess that was there walked right past it and looked directly at it and kept walking.. I still want to hurl. My boyfriend and I have been feeling nauseaus ever since. That is so unsanitary and disgusting. If that happens right in front of house where customers are sitting and eating I don't even want to imagine what goes on in that kitchen. You have lost our business & I expect something to be done about this. I am not sure how this place remained in business under these nasty conditions.
