5	My new favorite place for coffee and sandwiches!  Breakfast burritos??? Yes please!!!It has this great modern feel to it too.  The guys behind the counter are super nice.  I can't wait to see great things from them!
5	Best new spot in Tempe.  Clean, quick, and very good food.Service was great and the guys are really cool.
5	Some of the best food in Tempe. They have everything from breakfast to sandwiches to salads to appetizers (most in the 6$-8$ range).  I personally don't like coffee but I'm told their coffee is great too. Amazing atmosphere and a great place to hang out or get some work done. Free WiFi and they even have iTunes DJ setup so if you have an iPhone you can vote on the songs that will play next while you enjoy your time at Brosenbrus.
5	This is a comfortable, fun, new modern spot to hang out in Tempe.  The food is delicious!  Fresh and affordable.  They have breakfast items and all sorts of tasty sandwiches.  I have a new favorite every time I go in, but last night I had the Chipotle Chicken Salad Sandwich on a warm pita and it was sooooo good!  If you don't like coffee, they have yummy Italian sodas.  The owners are super nice and welcoming.  Don't park in the back in the Vue parking...
5	Love the food and the atmosphere. Free Wifi and great music. If you have an Iphone you can even request songs!
5	This place has been nothing but good to me. Great menu, espresso beans are stif as Ron j. And the service is quick! Yeah boy! Try it! Or I will find you like the stride gum folks, put you In a van take you there, then make you eat! After eating you won't even be mad at me for kidnapping you! You will jump for joy wondering why this is the only time this has happened to you... It's that good!
5	If you haven't been to Brosenbrus Cafe, you need to try it. Now!The giant menu on the wall really makes a statement and, fortunately, the guys have the food to back it up. I tried the White Boy Torta and absolutely loved it. My first trip was with a bunch of coworkers and all eight of us left raving about the food.The interior design and furniture is really beautiful and what I like to call "unsourced." I love walking into a well-designed space and not being able to spot anything from IKEA. A major plus in my book.I went in around Christmas and the giant antlers on the wall were decked out in tinsel and ornaments... I love that the guys working there have such a great sense of humor! The Brosenbrus staff is friendly, approachable, and seem to care about the quality of what they make -- not just about being trendy.This truly is a great find; Go see for yourself. They have a small parking lot just behind the shop so it's easy parking even though it's right by ASU.********I'm updating my review because now that Brosenbrus is serving Cartel coffee, they've really upped their game. Make sure to get some of that delicious iced toddy with your food!
5	This is definitely my kind of place. Delicious food, yummy espresso, rad decor. I wish Brosenbrus was closer to my work...I would get a new sandwich every day for lunch if I could. The boy & I went this weekend after our morning at the Phoenix Zoo. To my suggestion, we split the summer salad (spinach, strawberries, almonds & feta...I think). I ordered the caprese sandwich, kind of a last minute panic decision because I seriously just could not choose. The balsamic that they use went so well with the toasty bread...I wish I were a better Yelper because it is just hard for me to describe. It was deliciousssss. I'm starting to see a trend with my reviews. I usually am with the boy...& he ALWAYS seems to finish his meal before I even get a chance to ask for a nibble. I mean, I'm usually full to bursting after an eating adventure, but I would like to be able to tell you how good his chicken pita (a special) was. (also...is it just me or do I like everything I review?!)I got a Milky Way mocha...not sure why because I have been in a pretty plain coffee mood lately but luckily it wasn't super sickly sweet. Tasted like dark chocolate & real roasted espresso. Yummmm.My only complaint was that I couldn't find napkins. There might have been some on the tables (?) but I HAD to sit on their amazing Chesterfield sofa, so maybe that's why. I could have asked someone, they are super nice...but my face & fingers were covered in a light dusting of floury bread & balsamic oil. So sorry if I made a mess by your lovely sofa, Brosenbrus crew. I love you?(UPDATE: there are napkins on the tables!) ;)
5	The only thing more delicious then the food is the atmosphere... (and maybe the staff).  Simply put, great drinks, great eats, and great times.  The variety of music was a pleasant surprise.  You cant go wrong with Brosenbrus.
5	A great, real cafe with unique decor and free wifi. The staff is friendly and food and coffee are great. I recommend the tomato basil mozzarella sandwich add chicken. Num num.This young cafe gets better each time I visit!
5	Great coffee, delicious and creative food.  Friendly staff and well decorated, provides a nice atmosphere.
5	A great local cafe with deliciious sandwiches and drinks? An awesome, laid back atmosphere with furniture you can purchase and tables handmade by the owners? Friendly owners and kind staff? Oh and it's cheap too? Yes please. Try the white boy torta or the stacked philly sandwich. And the honey latte and italian sodas are fantastic. Support your local business!
2	Trendy atmosphere, friendly yet slow staff, good sandwich but not mind-blowing. Maybe I expected too much.
5	so a friend of mine says he was hungry, wanted lunch.  said maybe a sandwich or a wrap or something or other.  i take a look on yelp cuz i'm feeling like trying something new.  LOW and BEHOLD i find BROSENBRUS cafe!!  with all it's great reviews i figure we had to try it.  BIG points for offering breakfast sandwiches all day!  EXTRA BONUS for having coffee @ the ready.... tho neither of us had the coffee.  i did have the stuffed PHILLY and it was BOMB!!  French bread toasted and smeared with cream cheese.  then peppered beef, with red onion, tomato and banana peppers.  nice touch!  served with a tasty side of potato salad.  it all rocked.  i will make BROSENBRUS a stop off spot for me and my friends ASAP, so can try more of their menu ....up to and including the coffee in the mornings.  might make it back within the week.  you should try it too.
5	SOLID SPOT!!! Good Food, Great staff!! I believe Steven and Brad are the owners.  Met them today...Good dudes for sure!!! I had (The Greek Breakfast Burrito and a white chocolate mocha) all I can say is HEEEAVEN,HAHA!!! Sat in the very cool ambience of the breakfast burrito spot i had sought after on Yelp!  let me tell you i was not dissapointed but rather impressed.  It had everything i could ask for in a little cafe.  Good atmosphere, great decor, amazing food, sociable staff, loose seating (couches,chairs,coffee table,etc.)  and right on the street so your eyes can get down on some people watching.  If I had more than two thumbs they'd be raised high!!!
4	Friendly staff, delicious sandwiches and a cool/unique decor.  I wish I had such awesome food at my apartment complex when I was going to ASU, especially late night.  We were stuck with Hungry Howie's, and the kids these days get Brosenbrus?  They have it so good.Their ciabatta bread is very fresh and soft, unlike the hard bread it is elsewhere.  The innards of the sandwich stay in rather than squirting out which is always good.  They also have good iced tea.I'll try and hit up this place as much as I can when school is out, I imagine they are very busy when the apartment building is packed.
3	12/22/10Nice space, but a bit too "cool."  That is, I don't find the atmosphere here beckoning me to stay awhile.  More of the "order something, or get out."  I don't mean to say this attitude is coming from the people there.  No- it's the vibe that I get from the furniture, from the brightness of the room, and from the music played at too loud a volume level.  I really like coffee shops that play music at a softer volume so that I may hear conversations I'm having w/ friends, or be able to read w/out having to work to tune out the noise.  (I tried using my iPod here once, but I couldn't stand the high volume level necessary to block out the shop's own music!)Read much about how great the food here, but since everything seems pre-packaged and processed (meats, cheese, sauces), and I couldn't get the rep to tell me which local bakery supplied the breads, I can only order the black tea (the green tea is tropical-flavored, meaning it's off-limits to me).  I did try the iced mocha latte, minus the "white chocolate powder mix" it is normally made w/, but the beverage tasted like it was missing something to round out the flavor and texture.  Yes, I know that's where the white chocolate mix comes in, but I can't have it, so I wonder what ingredient Brosenbrus could add next time to give the drink more creaminess, more oomph?  The shop also offers soy milk, but I'm trying to stay away from the preservatives that are also present in the liquid...Free wi-fi-- I like to come here when I have extra time before my massage at nearby SWIHA.
4	I have been a fan of this place since I first started working at ASU. They offer a huge range of sandwiches and a fair selection of salads. I have my LIKES and my "hmmm...."s about their selections.Firstly, they have delicious drink options. I am an iced tea girl, and I am never disappointed by the tropical green or the black. My friends tell me the coffee is very exciting as well, so kudos to their brus! Secondly, their sandwiches/wraps/pitas ALMOST hit a home run!  Turkey, bacon and pesto=AWESOME combination, and since these are all great ingredients, I really think this sandwich CANNOT go wrong. The Chipotle Chicken Salad sandwich is super tasty. The White Boy Torta: fantastic. The Gyro: HELLO! ;) It's all great. If you get anything with a Mediterranean flare to it, I recommend getting some of their balsamic (because I love both their vinegar selection, and the vinaigrette).  My "hmms" come from a couple of things I've noted: On the turkey, cranberry and arugula, our orders have somehow always come with spinach on it, and not arugula... and spinach is not as delightful as arugula! In certain salads, they almost only used iceberg when it promised romaine. SO I'm just wondering why these substitutions were made without letting us know before we ordered them. I will just know to double-check when I order next time!  I know it's slowed down for the summer months, so it may just be a matter of what keeps longer. The chill atmosphere and nice staff makes it a great stop, and it needs the publicity, so I'll keep spreading the word and hope that it really works out for this space, because it's genuinely a neat place that isn't much like anywhere else in the area!
4	Good latte and sandwich. Best time it was after school time when there was enough space to work and enjoy the ambiance music.
4	Brosenbrus Cafe is a pretty good coffee shop/gourmet sandwich shop. It's bright and airy and although there is not ample seating, it hasn't been very crowded when I have gone. Drinks: I have gotten the iced milky way mocha latte. It was good, chocolatey, and not too sweet. There is a large selection of espresso drinks and non-coffee drinks. Food: I had the Caprese salad and my ASU friend had the turkey bacon pesto sandwich. The balsamic glaze was fantastic on my salad. The sandwich was also great. Lots of black pepper turkey, bacon, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato. The ciabatta bread had pesto on one slice and balsamic glaze on the other. Perfect sandwich combination with a pickle and a side (BBQ chips in our case). Solid four star experience. I will be back for more, including the all-day breakfast selection.Oh, did I mention the late hours? Open at midnight to 3:30 am on Thursday-Saturday. Awesome.
2	Staff are really friendly, great music, vibe and absolutely incredible decor. Haven't been impressed with their coffee (drip, iced, latte). Will have to try some of their food items next time I'm in.
4	Very good
4	If you're a college student and looking for a good spot to study, this is it. First of all, it's located on the bottom floor of college housing. Secondly, it's located right by camps. Thirdly, they have great Cartel coffee and what appeared to be tasty food (even though I didn't get a chance to try any of it). This isn't a spot I would probably seek out as a working professional to come and work out of but that's mostly because working here reminds me that my fun days of college living are long over and it's obvious that the students around me don't realize that one day it will also be over for them! The staff here is chill and friendly. The seating isn't super comfortable, but the tables have room to layout your work and the chairs are deep enough that you can slouch a little bit (shh, don't tell my Mom that sometimes I slouch!)It's not too crazy here and I was able to get my work done and have a comfortable conversation with my meetings. So college students or Tempe residents, this is a spot to think about!
3	I went here last weekend with the BF as we had a groupon. I thought this place would be better than it was, not to say it was bad, just not awesome. The space is cute, although it seems like they are trying hard to seem 'alternative.' I like the sign on the inside wall that's made of letters from other signs... pretty cool. The place is fairly small, so it's not somewhere to go sit at for long periods of time. Also, parking isn't extremely convenient.  I ordered the mozz, basil, and tomato sandwich and I thought it was alright, but it would have been much better if they put some pesto on it or something. I thought the basil wasn't very flavorful and, although the balsamic they used was good, the sandwich was still a bit dry. It came with some potato salad that was fairly standard. The BF got a turkey, bacon, and pesto sandwich that was actually pretty good. The pesto was very tasty! I also got an iced latte that I thought was alright, but it wasn't something I would go out of my way to get. I would probably go back to this place if I felt like a sandwich, but I don't think I would ever crave this place.
5	freaking awesome cafe with great food & beverages! the style and ambiance is like nothing else around! I highly recommend a frequent visit to BrosenBrus Cafe!!!
4	I bought a Groupon to try the place out and finally used yesterday. Love the inside decorating ideas, especially the name of the place with the huge metal letters. Plenty of space to meet up for a coffee meeting and comfy couches near the front. I was craving a salad so ordered the Buffalo Chicken Salad. Sadly they were out of chicken and someone with groceries was on their way, so went with the BLT salad instead. It was a good portion salad, just thought the lettuce was a little odd shredded like taco salad. Other than that it was good. I also ordered an iced mocha and props to the girl that made it.Overall I would come back but try a sandwich. Also noticed that from 5pm-7pm they have a happy hour of any entree+side = $5 and all drinks are half off!
5	OMG This place is fantastic! My kid and I ended up in Tempe Sunday morning and were hungry. I jumped on my phone and typed in "breakfast" & this was closest. The reviews were good so we headed that way. The menu looked limiting & I was looking for a full breakfast but we were already there. My kid got a basic bacon, egg & cheddar bagel, and I was between Turkey Diablo & Greek Burrito. The cashier told me I absolutely must try the Turkey Diablo. That burrito was peppered turkey, jalapenos, egg, and cheese. Wow. It was so tasty! The jalapenos were just enough, the turkey was awesome. The salsa they gave me was so tasty and they had 6 different hot sauces from which to choose. We asked for a side of fruit (not on the menu) & she quickly agreed and I think charge me a buck for blueberries, strawberries and bananas. Yum! The kid got a lemonade (they offered her a free refill when were going to leave) & I had tea. The only reason I got the yummy tea was because I checked in on FourSquare and they had a special for buy a drink, get a drink. :) This was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time!
4	This place is a hipster haven in the middle of Tempe. Located right next to the bike shop and the campus, I was surprised by the quality of the food here and enjoyed myself. the service is quick, the guys are pretty chill too and it has a nice, laid back atmosphere.the only downside is the price, its slightly too expensive to be eating at as a poor college kid, but beggers cant be choosers eh?oh and their iced tea and lemonade are incredible, I can drink that stuff for days.
5	This place is ah-may-zing. The menu is unique, the food is high quality, the prices are right, the ambiance is cool and laid back, and the employees/owners are super friendly and genuinely happy to have you there. Now, I am the kind of person who will get something on their first visit, enjoy it, and then get nothing but that item every time they visit. At Brosenbrus, it is the Tomato, Basil, Mozzarella sandwich. Every once in awhile, I'll change it up, and it is always delicious (i.e., The Stacked Philli), but I always come back around to this delicious stack of deliciousness. They have recently began selling baked goods, and those are equally tasty. They have a happy hour, which makes their already reasonably prices even lower. Come check these guys out... You will not be disappointed!!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Great food, coffee & baked goods!  Chill decor. Great customer service, esp. from the owners too:)  My new home away from Pomegranate Cafe in Ahwatukee!  You should definitely check this place out! It's really worth it:)
5	Everything about this place is amazing. But if you want to be adventurous, order the veggie sandwich with bacon. They'll look at you funny, but you'll thank me for it later.
4	Wow, the food is good in here.  We went on a late Saturday afternoon and I got a chicken pita sandwich and my daughter got a turkey sandwich.  I have been to a few places where the sandwiches were just plain boring.  You can't say that abou this place.  They were very tasty, fresh, the chicken and turkey were tender, pretty sure they make it in house.  And the customer service was great.  Lots of ASU students in there studying, and they were nice and quiet and respectful of the other customers in the restaurant.  The guy behind the counter looks like he's standing on a box because he is 6'8".  I would definitely go back to this place, if you are in the neighborhood, or even if you're not, it is great.
5	Just fantastic. Really. Service, Coffee. Espresso. Food. All off the charts. Great place to study (free wifi) or hang out with a few friends. And seriously, the food here is phenomenal. Not at all what you'd expect when headed to a coffee shop. They've outdone themselves here!
5	Great food and coffee. I like that they can replace regular milk with almond milk .
4	I've had lunch here a couple of times now. I have to say. I dig the place. The bread on the sandwiches is stellar (from Arizona Bread Co.) and the variety is good as well. I totally dig the iTunes DJ letting people put in requests. Especially since it seems no one else knows about it and I can just pick whatever I want to listen to.One complaint would be the parking. Small lot behind the place that's metered. I can definitely see that being a problem during a busy school day at lunch time.
4	This place is fun! The food is a little on the expensive side (sorry, 8 bucks and change for just a sandwich seems just a little pricey for me) especially considering it can be almost impossible to get to when the area is busy. This is because it's at the bottom floor of The Vue, a pretty popular pool party destination when school is in. The decor of this place is good--hipster (pipes, strange "vintage" wall hangings), but fun. They serve coffee as well as a variety of other drinks. In addition to that they also serve breakfast. Never had it though.They use an iPad for their POS system which makes it seem like a cool place to be. It is! Good job on the overall presentation of the place, it's a shame that the overhead affects the price.
4	Finally made my way here and to Astor house for lunch and coffee. The food here blows Astor House away! However, this fall I will go back there(ah) for their awesome patio!
4	Ok how cute is this place? Took me forever to figure out to pronounce the name but it's adorable inside. A very man friendly, hipster-free yet still hidden enough to be cool kind of vibe. Restores pieces make up the furniture and the guys running the shop seem super down to Earth. Checked in a four square after buying my very reasonably priced drink and found they have a BOGO special. They let me use the special with my friend who arrived 10 minutes later. Hello, free coffee for her!I got the iced mocha and it was great. Not too strong in the coffee side, just the way I like it. Located in the "basement" of the Vue it's got a super location an I hope it does well with college kids. The prices speak for themselves. I'll be back for sure and hopefully I'll be hungry. I mean a sandwich called "the southern"? Yeah, I'm eating it.
1	This place literally had nothing available (with fountain drink) and were out of 50% more of the menu. Any place that runs out of stuff, to me counts as irresponsible; a pet peeve for me.I had my favorite drink of all time; an Arnold Palmer. However it was down right disgusting, to the point where it's undrinkable. It tasted nothing like an Arnold Palmer nor even tea or lemonade. Get your act together brosenbros.
5	I love it here and it just keeps getting better. Not only have they started serving wonderful Cartel Coffee from down the street, but they are finally serving beer and wine too, and while the beer selection is not huge, the choices do not disappoint. They have revamped their entire menu and bar area and have just made constant strides to get better and better at serving people. If you haven't stopped by yet or for some reason had a less than stellar experience, you have got to give it another shot.
4	We had a very pleasant experience tonight at Brosenbrus and would definitely like to eat here again to try more sandwiches.  We started out with the hummus and pita appetizer.  The pita was warm, had a pillowy texture on the inside, and a nice toasty outside texture.  The hummus tasted freshly made, and had a bite to it from the addition of garlic.  I was feeling like eating more of a light sandwich so I got the tomato mozzarella.  You have your choice of ciabatta or foccacia bread for your sandwich (When asked, our waiter recommended the ciabatta because of the crispy texture, which is what I chose).  The ciabatta was excellent: light, crispy, and airy.  The tomato mozzarella was fresh, with a sizable amount of greens and some fresh basil.  It also came with a balsamic reduction which had a nice, thick, sweet flavor and texture.  I also had a bite of the Southerner, which had great flavor from the combination of pulled pork, mustard, and slaw.I wasn't a big fan of the iced tea, although my husband really liked it.  I felt it had a weird aftertaste, but he really liked the taste of the tea.  To each his own I guess!The only other negative was that the closest parking spots are metered 24 hours, so you will have to shell out a little bit of money ($1.50/hr, credit cards accepted) additional to your sandwich bill here.Service was good, and drinks were refilled as needed.  They mistakenly gave me some chips as a side instead of a salad, but it was quickly remedied once I pointed it out.  Since I've heard good things about their coffee, I'd like to come here again and try out some breakfast items as well as some coffee drinks!
5	The food is amazing! Huge sandwiches for a small price, fresh ingredients, and great coffee. Nice atmosphere inside, and the wait staff is friendly and helpful. I'm glad I found this little gem!
1	Came here for dinner with my wife.  Entered and there were about 10 college males inside having drinks.  We ordered a turkey sandwich and a roast beef sandwich.  Also ordered one piece of bruschetta.  The sandwich was not good.  The lettuce was old and wilted, the bacon seemed like it had been sitting way too long because it smelled funny and was not fresh.  We were told we could not choose between the chips and salad because they were out of chips.  We were told they get their fresh deliveries on Friday.  It was Thursday, so that explained why everything tasted old and nasty.  The bruschetta tasted like jam and bread.I would not recommend to place for food.  It is very close to ASU so it might be geared toward young college students who do not appreciate good food and just go for the drinks.
5	Great cocktails here now! The guys that run the spot keep it a cool place to hang out for a few beers. And the TBP sandwich is solid, too.
5	First time eating here... Had a great sandwich (The Rancher on Ciabatta bread).  I'll be back for sure!!
3	Been here three times. In general, I like it. Relaxed, free wi-fi. You can hang out Sunday night and watch Dexter. Good craft beers. My issues are limited to inconsistency with their food. They're always out of ingredients and change things up. One day I get a sandwich with the BEST ciabatta bread I have ever had. A month later, same sandwich is missing key ingredients and made on old bread pressed hard in the panini grill to make it crispy. Missing a key ingredient (no olives on the Italian, which makes the sandwich). The roast beef, which has been good in the past, had that "one day too long in the fridge" smell.  Salads were fresh, amen. I may or may not give it another chance. My friends got the cuban, which had the bread issue. I mean, I won't complain about the price if the food is stellar, right? I wil also give them props for their coffee drinks, they were good.
5	Excellent sandwiches, cool atmosphere and huge servings.  Ate half for dinner and took 1/2 home, the servings are that large.
5	love this place, lots of love for the owner. very chill atmosphere, very cool, I hope they keep it open!
