3	Zen-Ya is on the floor above a nightclub, on Rue Saint Catherine. They're mysteriously hidden, up until when you get to their attractive entrance, where you'll undoubtedly run into parties waiting to be seated. (Unsure how my friends found out about this place, but we found ourselves there for dinner one evening.)Amid Zen-Ya's hip, lounge-like environs - and sushi bar - were servers bustling about and fellow diners sampling fresh sushi. Unfortunately, someone thought it would be a good idea to leave the lights low, and was way too dark (think: coffin) at our table. We requested the lights be turned up, which helped immensely: seeing our food increased the enjoyment factor, and bento boxes are not exempt.Their menu is chock full of Japanese selections; prices are reasonable. I don't think I ordered the "right" items - I had some tough squid in my bento box - and the rolls I tried weren't that memorable. With Sho-dan in the city, I wouldn't return to Zen-Ya unless I lived in town, and then probably only for drinks. Still, they had their moments, and I suggest trying them for yourself.
5	Yes, this place is hard to find (I had to go to the second floor, come back  down the stairs and out, then went up to the fourth floor then took the elevator to the second floor again.  It really shouldn't have been that hard. They definitely need a sign at the door but hey it was part of the "hunt" for good sushi).  Yes it is a bit dark (it's called ambience) BUT!!!!! the fish was fresh,delicious and excellent!I was in town for business and was stayingat the hotel around the corner and asked my concierge about a good place for sushi.  Mind you, I am from California and have a pretty good palate when it comes to telling good sushi from mediocre sushi and this was very good.It was a slow night and sat at the sushi bar (the usual) and asked the chefs Mark (rolls) and Take (sashimi) to surprise me.  And that they did.It's definitely a fusion place to a certain extent.  They started me off with a portabella mushroom stuffed with scallops and a cream sauce (not too much) which was exquisite.  While I was eating the portabella, the chefs asked me what I liked and I explained pretty much everything except Uni (sea urchin).  What came next was sheer pleasure.The roll made a roll consisting of unagi and some other fish (sorry it was just good and didn't catch the name of it) next came a parade of various fresh sashimi (the "catch of the day"-scallops, real crab meat (OMFG!!), salmon, hamachi, albacore, etc).  The freshness and taste of everything pleasantly surprised me.I had a huge smile on my face!!! During this parade of fishes I was speaking with the sashimi chef and he had convinced me to try the Uni.  I guess he had realized that I was not going to have room for dessert so he made Uni and of course more unagi (which had advocado between the rice and eel) nigiri  look like a dessert.  They looked so delicious and tasted just as they looked.These gentlemen are honestly artists in their profession.  Kudos to them and the restaurant Zen Ya!!
5	Very nice sushi place right in the heart of Rue St. Catherine.  It looks like a non-descript building but once you make it to the 3rd floor, the inside of the restaurant is well decorated and comfortable.We did a sushi Omakase for 4 people (no hot dishes), and they just gave us two huge platters of Nigiri, Sashimi, and various rolls.  Even with all the beer, sake, etc. it ended up being about $65 per person, quite reasonable given the quality of the fish and the sheer amount of food.  I would definitely come back to Zen-Ya for sushi again.
3	Where can I start, the sushi is very good. ive been there twice and the 1st time I was there I got big pieces of sashimi and the last time I was there I got "average" cuts. The soups here are to die for and the house salads were amazing. Def worth going to eat there if you're stuck on St Catherines..
4	We came here per our hotel's concierge's suggestion. It was a bit of a walk from the hotel, but worth it.It's on the 3rd floor in the downtown area. The ambiance was very hip/dark/asian . The sushi was fresh and tasty. The spicy tuna was good, altho only 2 pieces were served vs. the usual 6. Negi Hamachi was good too.
3	The sushi was mixed. Tasted and looked fresh, but somewhat mediocre presentation. Spicy and eel sauces were mediocre, but eel was good.
5	Clean and Modern Sushi JointPros:Good SushiFresh FishVariety of special rollsNice DecorConsiderate staff (when we ordered too much - we were four guys- the waitress recommend that we hold off before putting our final roll order. She was right)Some tatami seating availableCons:It's on the third floor.Recommend:Sea RollGreen Tea - it's flavored with roasted rice grains
3	I'm in Montreal for a work function.Our team went to supper there last night.  There were 15 in our party.We were seated in the front at two big low tables.  It looks like you'll have to sit on the floor yoga-style but there's actually a big pit in the floor so your legs are dangling.  And you have to take your shoes off.I'm not a fan of sushi, etc. so was happy to see that there was chicken teriyaki on the menu.  Most of my colleagues ordered mixed sushi.  It looked fun and colourful and they enjoyed it.I found the service was slow and when my meal did come, it was warm, not hot.
2	Absolutely terrible service.  Waited over an hour before any food arrived on the table.  Anything that was supposed to be warm wasn't.  It's a shame because the sushi was actually decent.
4	Tucked away on the second floor of an obscure commercial building on Ste Catherine, talking into ZenYa is like walking into another world. You walk into the lobby of the building with skepticism, only to step out onto the second floor into ZenYa which is dim and lit with candles, decorated with bamboo and twine. The restaurant is spacious and the tables are not crowded together at all, which happens to be the case in a lot of restaurants in Montreal. Needless to say, I was impressed.The service was also very good- Again, something that most places in Montreal lack in.. We were promptly seated without reservations and attended to by our servers who filled and refilled our glasses, took away empty plates, checked in on us without being annoying.I am not a fish or sushi/sashimi fanatic, so I stayed away from the raw stuff, instead opting for sauteed scallops, cucumbers and zucchini for an entree and the teriyaki atlantic salmon for my main. Both were pretty good, the entree almost outshining the salmon. My boyfriend ordered the chicken teriyaki, which was so good it changed his view on chicken being "boring".For dessert, we had the green tea opera cake which was AMAZING. The green tea made the opera cake lighter (or at least gave it a sense of lightness) which made me feel less guilty about eating it =)ZenYa is an amazing spot, a hole in the wall, perfect for dates or good Japanese food in the downtown core. Highly recommended!
1	My husband and I found this place while walking on St. Catherine's street where there was a girl in a kimono standing on the street. We decided to give it a try since we had a craving for sushi. She ushered us into the elevator and brought us to the third floor. We wouldn't have found this place if it wasn't for the girl out front on the street.The host seated us, and the bus boy poured us water and gave us our menus, oh and even lit our tea light candle!  Our waitress took forever to greet us, and when she came by, we were ready to order. We ordered the vegetable and shrimp tempura, and a cold sake to start (another waitress saw us waiting there with our menus and asked if we've been helped after we had ordered). Again, it took about 30-45 minutes for the tempura to come out, and when it did, she brought us just a vegetable tempura which consisted of two tiny mushrooms, one small broccoli, one slice of eggplant and bell pepper. We told the waitress that she had brought us the wrong order, she took it back, and about 10 minutes later, the correct tempura came back with four shrimp tempura, a slice of eggplant, a small broccoli and a slice of bell pepper, they took the mushrooms out. I thought that the tempura was decent, it wasn't very hot though, everything was cold. At this point, we still had not received our sake, so I asked the waitress for our sake.  It seemed as though she had forgotten, so she ran back and about 10 minutes later, she brought over hot sake. We had to flag her down again and remind her that we had ordered a cold sake. She apologized again, and came back about 5 minutes later with a warm bottle of sake in a small bucket of ice water and told us to give it a few minutes to get cold...An hour after we had placed the order, ate our tempura and drank our sake, the sushi we ordered came out. At least she couldn't screw this order up since we checked it off on a piece of paper. We ordered four rolls: the dynamite roll, spicy salmon, spicy tuna and california. The sushi selection was not great and very limited. We thought the sushi was pretty good, but the service was appauling, although I asked another waitress for tea, she was very pleasant and served us tea because our waitress never bothered to ask.When our waitress, Annie came to clear our plates, she asked how things were, so I said "they were ok", she didn't even bother to ask why because she could care less. The only reason I knew her name was from the bill.I do not recommend this place to anyone, everything is OVER PRICED and SERVICE IS NON-EXISTENT. We were there for 2 hours! Our waitress was an air head and could not get one single thing correct, they do have decent sushi, but it's definetly NOT WORTH IT, STAY AWAY!
2	Will not come back here again. We were out for a bachelor party on our last night and wanted to treat the bachelor to a good meal and sushi. We had a party of 9 and it was a walk-in. We sat in the private room and the host said they were short staffed. The saki and cocktails were good and the sushi was fresh and flavorful except the bland tuna one our friends got.  Our server was slow and rarely checked in on us and to make it worse we waited a good 45 minutes for our entrees. I had to speak to the host/managers on 2 separate occasions. It wasn't until the 3rd timer our server finally came by to apologize and offer us a round of drinks. It was a nice gesture but should have been done 30 minutes earlier. The entire meal took about 2.5 hours and we walked out of that place more sober before we came. Great food, good decorum, horrible service and lack of timeliness.
3	This was an interesting experience- the food was incredible and very fresh- we enjoyed some maki rolls and they were all very tasty. The service however was weak- we found out about the specials after we had almost finished our meal- when we ordered the bottle of wine we were told they were out and asked of we wanted a different one and when we said no they magically found the bottle we were asking for. Overall we found it enjoyable as the food made up for the service. If you like sushi then you will enjoy.
5	Excellent sushi. Sophisticated yet comfortable atmosphere and great presentation. Finding this place hidden away on a third floor is a real gem.
4	Just a regular, run of the mill sushi craving crept up on us.  After googling for a new restaurant to try, we fell upon ZenYa.  This interesting, urban oasis is not somewhere you will just happen to stop into, passing by.  It is hidden on the 2nd floor of an office building and if it wasn't for the cute girl, dressed as a geisha waiting to great us outside, we probably would have missed it and not have gotten to experience this delight.The decor is great, very contemporary and sharp.  We sat at a table near the back and proceed to look over the sushi menu.  Now the regular sushi menu is nothing to write a review on (mind you the fish is incredibly fresh and when it says "spicy" it actually has heat to it, unlike every other restaurant!) but their specialty sushis are so delicious and unique.  My Boyfriend and I usually stick solely to the sushi menu when at Japonese restaurants, but we felt compelled to venture onto the regular menu.  Quite the extensive menu!  We tried the salmon tartare:fantastic.  I had the salmon teriyaki and he had the chillian sea bass.  The sea bass was rich and buttery and some of the best fish I've had in a long time.  The teriyaki wasn't overly sweet and the potion size was just right.My suggestions:  Order at least one thing off the specialty sushi menu!Bloody ceaser rating: 4.5/5 yummy
4	Great food. Sushi was fresh and delicious. A bit pricey, but worth it if you like high quality food.
4	Sushi is above the average, the sushi and sashimi plate (38$) is really surprising, with some very interesting combinations. Salmon sashimi wasn't the best cut though, but overall it was quite good. The environment is inspired and relaxing. Maybe the wait to be served is a little too long and the menu is overpriced.
2	The service is numbingly slow. Over 20 minutes for a salad! The prices are quite high. The quality is nice and the food was interesting, but you lose your interest in tasting food when you start contemplating eating the paper over your chopsticks from lack of nourishment! Atmosphere is very dark.
1	We just went for a birthday dinner with a friend of mine and it was like pulling teeth to order and receive any food and drink.  Our glasses were perpetually empty.  We ordered dishes that never arrived.  For the price and location, not to mention other reviews on yelp - I thought this place would be a hidden gem, I was truly disappointed.  I did step away towards the end to mention that we had been unable to order additional drinks and food, and sort of complained that we were very disappointed - no apology or anything.
4	Great ambience. Dark brown wood flooring, black wood furniture. At this point, 29 March 2013, you need to take the elevator to the second floor to get there. On a Good Friday night, the restaurant wasn't too busy (though there were plenty of filled tables; it is a big place), and the service was excellent - friendly, and always there when needed. We had simple late dinner (the waitress let us know it would not be enough if we were hungry) of a California Roll, one order of hamachi sushi, and one of the specials, Mike's Roll. The  California roll was much better and bigger than similarly named creations elsewhere, the hamachi was clearly fresh, and Mike's Roll, lightly deep fried, was interesting and tasty. Including tax and tip, $40. One another night, with wine and hungrier, it could be twice that much. All in all, when we return to Montreal, we will be back. Perhaps the owners have read previous reviews and fixed the service.
1	service is too slow. And the restrount is overpriced. The most ridiculous thing is when I give 10% tip, the japaness waitress give the money back to me and ask for at least 15% tip. This is the first time I was asked for more tip. Especially for the sooooo slow service, how can she ask for more tip? Oh maybe she know this is the last time we came to this bad restaurant, so she doesn't care.
3	Run of the mill sushi... Nothing special. I am from Chicago and nothing out of the way I found here.
3	Very expensive, however this is a delicious sushi restaurant. I like the decor, very classy. I would recommend trying this restaurant out, you've got nothing to lose
2	Food is good, but service is a way too slow. So, if you have 1 hour lunch, do not go there as you will get your food 5 minutes before your lunch is over.
2	Just to give you a summary of today lunch.   We got the Atami roomGroup of 8 people. We arrived early 11:50am, all were sitting and ready to order by 12:00.Waitress shows ups (after we asked a couple of times) at 12:25pm. Takes our order.Soup arrives with Salad at 12:45. (After we asked again)Lunch arrives at 1:15pm. We had to rush to eat it  to get back to the office........Can we say SLOWWWWW Service.....they need to hire more staff....It's a pity, because the food is good and the ambiance is nice.....but seriously slow.
2	This place used to be awesome, but since they changed the sushi chef, I would say it's a little disappointing. Flavor, finess and quality has been traded for quantity, average quality and tasteless ordinary sushis. We used to order the special chef combination and always get out very satisfied, but last time, for 200$ for two we found the usual quality of home delivered sushi available at the corner of street. Very sad, we just want to old chef back!!!
1	Restaurant is closed with a for lease sign in the window. Must be recent as hotel concierge recommended it!
3	Received an email from the owner of the restaurant,  who states they are still open and it was a competitor across the street that closed. I don't live in Montreal so I can't confirm,  but my apologies to the proprietor. I wish I had found your restaurant as I was very much in the mood for sushi that night. Perhaps some better signage might be in order?
