3	We came in for a full service car wash. The price was right at $18 complete inside and outside wash, and only $5 more to shampoo the mats. My only complaint is that there were still some dirty water streaks on my car, almost like it wasnt dried off completely. If I am going to pay more than $15 to have my car hand washed, I really dont want to see any dirt.The service station has a great selection of hot food to munch on while you wait. There is also a covered waiting area to hide in the shade in the warmer summer months. Good overall, but I think I will be using the County Club Auto Spa over on Eastern and Serence for my future car washes.
3	I went here today to get a car wash.  I live nearby but have never really tried this place...but with it being so hot, I decided not to go too far so I can go back home to my nice air conditioned house.  When I pulled up to the car wash, I was greeted by a friendly staff who explained all the different types of full service packages.  I decided to go with the Platinum for $13.99 which includes exterior and interior wash (since I haven't washed my car since last December...Yuck!).  When the wash was finished I pulled up to the covered parking space where 2-3 staff worked on finishing up my car.  Yeah, I said it 2-3 people on a 2004 Corolla...LOL!Now to the not so good review:While I waited for my car, another staff approached me about getting a chip on my windshield fixed for free as long as I have insurance.  I said, "sure" as all I pretty much heard was "free".  After he finished the repair, he asked me to follow him into the gas station so that he can fill out some paperwork.  He made a call to someone who he told me just had to ask me a couple questions to verify the insurance.  Well, because this car only has liability insurance...it was NOT free!  The phone call lasted for about 15 minutes and I was charged $30 for the repair.  After I told the gentleman, "you know you should have done this prior to doing the work", all he could say was, "I'm sorry, it's usually never a problem"...and started to panic.  -  To "Clear Quality Auto Glass" - A Piece of advice on good customer service: You should NEVER charge anyone for YOUR mistake.Needless to say, I did pay for it as I kinda felt bad for the chump but he may need more training.  If I wasn't in a good mood, I would have probably raised hell.
1	Check out my tip in the tip section, just ridiculous. Prices are a few dollars cheaper then anyone rise around but the service is so slow it's ridiculous.
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE OF ALL TIME!!!!!!!TWICE! TWICE, I have tried to get chicken here..  Twice, I left without any.. One time I ordered a simple 4piece meal.. Waited over 20 minutes in the friggin' gas station, and when I asked for an ETA, they said it would be at least another 15 minutes! I Demanded a refund, and left without anything. Today,I tried to stop in and get the same 4-piece meal..  There was NO ONE in line in front of me.. The girl at the counter seem extremely UN-interested in taking my order and let me know it was be at least 25 minutes before my meal would be ready.   This place seriously has the worst customer service I've ever seen.  I would highly recommend staying away, and don't even attempt to get any chicken here.
5	Best car wash in town! Waited inside and ordered some yummy chicken fingers while I waited! My car was cleaned really we'll inside and out! I would definitely recommend this place for anyone who wants a good car wash and detail!
1	So very average and I still need to clean my windshield - it is streaked.  I paid for the Presidential Package - not worth it!!  BUT THE WORST PART - there is a young guy there representing a glass chip/replacement company - NEVER LET THEM CONVINCE YOU TO USE THEM OR ANY AT A CAR WASH.  I've been an insurance agent for 40 years - if you truly have a legitimate chip, call your insurance company and almost all will fix for free if you have comprehensive coverage.  I don't think a new car would pass their test - he found "something" on every car we watched come out of the car wash.  Do you really want to give your insurance information to a kid you don't know.  AND IT GOES ON YOUR CLAIM REPORT!!  If you try to shop insurance and have fixed a so-called chip several times, it could affect getting insurance.  Get the real chips fixed but do it the right way - don't give some kid your info and ding your national claim report.  Yep - every claims goes on your report and this is a claim.
