1	Looks like it's back to the drawing boards with Submission. We had been asked last minute by Hookah Palace to run our weekly promotion giving us two days to prepare for the first week. Needless to say it was a flop. Then week two was a little better, yet we did not bring down the house. Any good promoter will tell you that it is almost impossible to pack a place the size of a football field, that does not already have clientele in the first week and a half of promotion. We need to be cleaver and run several promotions and develop a crowd. Yet Hookah Palace was disappointed that we did not create a miracle. Hookah Palace decided to let us know when we accidentally called them that we would no longer be welcome there. This was on Tuesday, two days prior to the event, flyers were printed, invites were sent out, extra promoters were hires. We were also getting ready to set up our DJ battle which we discussed with Hookah Palace would run for five weeks. I guess we were lucky in that we did not start that up as soon as we would hope. In the end we are disappointed with Hookah Palace and the way they operate. Don't cancel on someone two days prior to an event. Last time House of DON Productions will operate under a gentleman's agreement, that is for sure. Thank you for listening. Douglas FarraPresidentHouse of DON Productions
1	This place sucks hairy balls. Expensive tiny weak drinks and a cover charge on some nights. It is in a crappy off strip location so you would think there would be an incentive to encourage patrons to visit and come back. We will not be back. it cost my boyfriend $20 bucks for a mini sized cran/vodka and mini sized soda in a cup full of ice. That along with the cover charge to get into this small dark and hot joint I feel we were raped of our money. Never again!
1	Omg. This place is ghetto heaven. Lol. Asked around about a place that plays hip hop and was told about this place. When I pull up in the parking lot a fight was breaking up. At the door I was subject to a wand. I was thinking what has happened here to warrant all this? Inside is dirty as well. everyone cramps into one area close to the DJ booth though there are lots of other areas. Only pluses about this place is the nice lady in the bathroom, and the potential this place has if only they would clean it up. I doubt if every come back here. Upset i wasted $20 I think I stay for about 15 minutes and went elsewhere
3	Nice place to hit while in Vegas. Cool hookah prices the flavors are good. Nice drinks.
1	to much cigarette smoke and crowed ass hell, people here are ghetto, dj was ok, to many fights, dance floor is really small it feels like a sauna lol, its not my type of crowd
1	Never again worst experience ever very ghetto and in professional we paid for bottle service and once our bottle was done we was booted from our table  was told someone else had just brought the table smh but no other table got extra bottles are were forced to move from their table  then I got outside and s guy is in my car searching  how did he get in who know where was security  never again ppl make this ur last result  this place needs some improvement on services for sure  more a/c  and air freshener the club has a  funny smell to it
2	Hmmm lets see where do I start, Hookah palace has the best hip hop you will find in Las Vegas it is the type of Hip hop that makes you shake your ass all night long until 3am. The crowd is very different not the classiest but they are all party goers.. It is in a very bad part of the city but I still go because the music is great. The bouncers are not the nicest but eh It must be a common thing in Las Vegas. My last experience there the bartender was too drunk to serve me anything and it was such a disappointment because I was sooo thirsty. The plus side is one of the promoters there named Eddie has a pretty cool guest list if you get on it he will let you in for free and no wait in line before a certain time of course. The lady in the restroom that sells stuff is pretty cool too! I have a love hate relationship with this joint!.....obviously! Oh yea and their drinks are tiny, weak and expensive. One last thing... you might require a bullet proof vest or just have your fist ready to go at all times !
