4	Great service & sandwiches. I ordered the mini club, jersey's way, with chips and a drink. The meats are shaved thin & you get to choose your toppings of choice. A great lunch sport, however the parking lot does get full during lunch hours.
5	Cheerful greeting as you enter and good service.  Its a typical Jersey Mikes that is located in half of the old Blockbuster on East Blvd.  They do have a parking lot with a reserved spot for call in or online orders.The seating area seems pretty spacious, and I've never seen more than 5 people actually eating there but I've never gone during the weekday lunch when I imagine they get more business.
1	I visited the East Blvd location this week and upon entering the noisy shop I proceeded to wait in line quite some time before getting my order taken. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and they gave me a philly cheesesteak, which I don't find out immediately since the sandwich is wrapped. I discover the mistake when I am back at my job and can't go back right away to get it corrected. I have been to many sandwich shops and never had such a mixup, but from my observation the shop is disorganized and perhaps understaffed. I may come back to try this place again and give them a second chance to see if they can get an order right, and if they can then I will post a follow up review.
4	Second time I've been here and I ordered a "Sub in a Tub" of the turkey sub. I found it a bit hard to hear in the facility, but my order was done correctly and the salad was satisfactory. The only drawback I found is there aren't many options for veggie toppings. My salad consisted of turkey, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, onions, bell peppers and jalapenos. I normally wouldn't get bell peppers and jalapenos in a salad, but I didn't have much else to choose from. Subway has other toppings such as cucumbers, green peppers, spinach, and olives. It would be nice if Jersey Mike's could include one or two more veggie toppings.
3	Good location, nice interior, the sub is what you expect, and there appears to be wifi available. HOWEVER, there is one employee who is almost literally screaming in a non-stop 'friendly' chatter with the line of customers being served. I suppose many of the regulars like it, but trust me--it only serves to make the restaurant a noisy, hard-to-talk place that just isn't pleasant. Someone needs to tell this friendly woman to stop SCREAMING, turn it down 30 decibels, and then everyone wins. If it weren't for her I'd give this location a higher rating.
5	I love Jersey Mike's and go there at least once a week for lunch.  But I go to the Charlotte East Blvd. location specifically for one employee there that is so fantastic and fun.  I can't remember her name but she is just so enthusiastic and friendly.  She says things like "whatcha having today, Ladybug?" and "sign this for me Miss America" when handing over your credit card receipt.  She has the best energy and you can see people in line watching her and smiling.  The lady ahead of me even told her she had been having a bad day but she had made it much better.  She always makes my day brighter too.  And I always love their sandwiches (#6 Mike's Way, no onions with extra mayo)!
