4	This is similar to Jester's in Scottsdale, but better in my opinion.  Just to give an idea, it's like 'Who's Line is it Anyway?', so every show is completely different.  This is squeaky clean improv humor at its best. These people stand out from other comedy troupes that I've seen.   They have two teams and a referee, and they get points based on audience response.  They have a lot of audience involvement, and they have a wide variety of games.  It was hilarious.  Well worth the $10.00.  They gave us free popcorn, and it was actually 2 for 1 night so it was only $5 each.  I don't know if they do this every Friday or not, it might be a good idea to call and see when they have that deal.Tip: I think this would be a great place for a date...unless your date doesn't appreciate clean humor, in which case you might check out the Tempe Improv or other venue, but you'll be paying more.
4	Great place to get some laughs. Clean and entertaining.
5	I've been a couple times with different people.  It's a new hilarious show everytime.  Everyone I've recommended the show to tells me how much fun they had and that the are already planning to go back!  FUN FUN FUN!
5	The place: Intimate theater barely begins to describe this theater.  If you weren't specifically looking for it, you wouldn't know it was there.  It's hidden in a strip mall - so make sure you have your directions in hand.  Really it's not that hard to find ... The experience:Some of THE best entertainment for your dollar in the east valley.  I have been twice, and saw two completely different shows.  Some of the "games" that were played were same/similar, but the audience interactions ensures it's always fresh and new.  We went with a bunch of friends for my wife's birthday - they made sure to get her involved ... and it would up being the funniest part of the show (naturally since they were funning on my family).  They even gave us two free tickets to come back another time!!  My wife and I really enjoyed the experience (as did our friends) and we're excited to use the tickets.The bottom line:If you're looking for something to do on a Friday or Saturday evening, you'd be hard pressed to find a more enjoyable time.  If you're reading this review before 5/1/09 ... they are having a one year anniversary that weekend ... Friday/Sat/Sun shows ... check it.    You can hit the site showup.com for discounted tickets.----The reason only #/5? Like anything, some of the stuff is really funny, but some of the stuff misses ... so a slight knock ... still 100% worth while though.---Edit: Not only is it an improv comedy theater, but HOLY SMOKES, it is a school too! That makes for a 5 star super fun time awesome place.
5	NCT offers a great improvisational comedy show for anyone...children or adult. It's a smart and clever show with laughs throughout.It's reasonably priced and the theater has plenty of parking. If you have nothing to do on a Friday or Saturday night this is a great place to go. Did I mention that they have working air conditioning?
4	Thanks to Groupon, husband, I and two friends went to a show a few weeks ago @ NCT.  What fun!  As a former thespian, I was able to relive my own high-school improv days.  I love the audience participation bits - it was quite hilarious (and mildly disappointing, when you think about it) when people kept shouting out incorrect parts-of-speech.  Doesn't anyone know what an adverb is?! Alas, I'm not rating the audience...The actors/comedians were entertaining, interactive and lots of fun to watch.  I especially liked the small, black-box theatre... makes for a nice intimate experience, where you actually feel like part of the show :)  A fun date night idea for any age.
3	This place was nice.   It's small and intimate.  The tickets were cheap but my friend couldn't help but complain about the price of the tiny bag of popcorn he got.  As I said it was nice but some things were hit or miss.  If this place was closer to Glendale I would most likely return.
5	Issa Groupon is bring me to da National Comedy Theatre.  Ima think issa was sketchy when I drive by issa inna back o' strip mall-ey area wissa lottsa empty places.Ima guffaw anna LOL inna dis place.  Issa make-a you anna me happy anna have a goofy a grin onna da face.Issa good place anna you musta go there now.Issa improvo anna issa comedy anna you like it.  Issa good deal too.  You try it now.Ima thank you.Dissa gonna go to a dees a peoples:@nctphoenixOk, Ima alla done now.
5	I recently took NCT's level 1 Improv Workshop and I LOVED it.  My first class I awkwardly sat on stage and nervously laughed and couldn't come up with anything.  By the end of the class, I was kung-fu-ing my way to rescue Princess Miyuki with a prince who still lived with his parents.The class focuses on the basics of Improv - listening, "yes, and", relationships, responding emotionally and staying rooted in reality.  Dorian was able to provide consistent guidance and constructive criticism to move me forward as an actor.  The other students are equally awesome, as everyone is at least some form of funny.  I would recommend (and do recommend!) everyone I know at least take a level 1 improv class, and I love the people at NCT.  The skills I've gained from 6 weeks of workshop have already helped me become a better listener and improviser at work, as well as with friends.  Looking forward to more Improv with NCT in the future!
5	This past weekend I finally made it out to the NCT in Mesa.  And I definitely was not disappointed.Nestled in a cosy strip mall in Mesa, with plenty of convenient parking I was thrilled at intimate and funky interior.  Cool old Movie Theater seats and the smell of popcorn!The players were really funny and talented.  I like the competitive aspect of having them in two teams and I also really loved the games, especially 5 things!Really awesome Independent Venue, we'll be back for sure!
2	Went for my bd which happens to be on New Years Eve. The dinner was BAD. The show was very good.
5	Love that it is audience interactive and that I can take my teenagers. Lots of fun!
5	This place is so awesome!  I love the price and lack of a drink minimum.  It is so entertaining!  I rather spend my money here then at a movie theater!  I recommend everyone at least try this place out....it's a lot of fun!
5	Had a great time here... a solid 2 hours of performance. They rely heavily on crowd participation so beware :)No alcoholic drinks, just popcorn and sodas.Funny people, great staff, salty popcorn... I will be coming back :O
5	Very fun and they manage to make me laugh without vulgarity. Which is pretty hard to do sometimes. Lol.
3	I'm a bit shocked that the reviews on this place are so high.  I do believe I am picky when it comes to comedy but I just was okay with this place and the show that was put on.  The seats are quite uncomfortable, old fashion, gold theater style seats.  The show is interactive which made it fun in some ways and bad in others.  (I wasn't familiar with things like World of Warcraft that were thrown out as suggestions from the audience.)I would say I was bored more often then laughing.  The skits were drawn out to much at times.  I don't think I will bother to go back.  It is nice that it is so kid friendly though.
5	Hilarious!  Every time I go there my face hurts from laughing! Now they have delicious beer too!  Go to this.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect and I have been to improve before and I know it is different every time. I decided to go here because I wasn't sure what else to do in Arizona and I didn't feel like going partying or drinking. This place is in the middle of a small strip mall. It looks shady from the outside, which is why you can't judge a book by its cover because on the inside it is pretty awesome. There are pictures everywhere and the bathroom has character with all the red mirrors all over the walls.  Now onto the show. The show was amazing, I really like how they included the audience for suggestions and input. They had a bunch of different skits and performed as 2 teams competing against each other.Tip: I found discounted tickets here on Goldstar.com so if you want discounted tickets for a comedy show in Arizona check it out.
3	I guess I expected to be blown away by an average of almost five stars - I just wasn't.  Don't get me wrong, I laughed, and I was entertained, but I was kind of let down.  It's still worth going, but maybe I need to go on a non-holiday-ish day to get the full effect.  We went last night for black Friday - and I suppose I was hoping for a mix of guys and gals - but all eight players were fellas.  It is not easy to be funny - especially when it's on the fly - so I give credit where credit's due, what these players do is not so simple.  That said, I would only give a thumbs up to about half of them - as the other half just didn't cut the mustard.The seats weren't what I'd call comfortable - like straight from the auditorium from your elementary school that needed to be renovated back in the '80's.  The concessions were plentiful, and reasonably priced - so no complaints there.  The wait staff was courteous as well.  I don't think it makes me a bad person to want more of an adult theme for the late night show either.  I think it's perfectly reasonable to do a family friendly show in the early evening - but then let the players act a little more tongue in cheek for the late night show - to satisfy those of us who prefer grown up humor.  That would be my biggest bit of feedback - you could tell that some of them really had great "decisions" that they had to reign in due to the "brown bag rule" (rule that does not allow for any non-PG humor).
4	My girlfreind and I went after purchasing a Groupon. Overall we had a great time. Definitely somewhere we're planning to visit again.
3	My husband and I found this little gem of a theater thanks to Groupon, and the price was good for a spontaneous date night, so we decided to buy it and use it on their midnight improv show (which starts at 11:45PM, be warned!).We showed up twenty minutes early and were literally the only guests there until about five minutes before showtime. We started to panic thinking we might be the only ones in the audience. Improv is awkward enough... imagine the entertainers performing for an audience of two. Cue cringe. Fortunately, the place filled up right before the show began, and we were on our way.The place itself is... quaint? Seats aren't super comfortable, there is no stadium seating or anything like that, but the walls are really neat and littered with awards, performers' profiles, and retro posters. There is also a concession stand on the way into the theater. Overall, the establishment on first impression is great, but the theater itself was lacking a little. Kind of blah, like a cafeteria or something with dim lights to make it seem more homey.I know that this was an improv show, but I feel like the announcer should at least be prepared confidently host, but it seemed like they just took him off the street and said, "Hey, I need you to introduce this thing, come with me!" I'm certainly not upset about that, but it was just a little thing that I think they can improve on. I was also sad that out of the ten or so performers, not one was a woman. I know that they do have women performers for other shows, but I feel like they should have women represented in every show. I know this is a personal preference, but I really would have enjoyed it more, had there been a few qualified females onstage.That being said, although as with improv, not everything will be a hit, I found a lot of the content pretty darn funny. There were two guys that really stole the show (bearded chubby man and tan dude with glasses, I'm looking at you), but overall the performers were entertaining and fun to watch. I would likely come back again, because my husband and I did have a good time overall, and the tickets are inexpensive. Check it out if you have the time, and keep an eye out on Groupon for good deals!
1	It was my 30th birthday and took my huge group there because I've always trusted yelp not to steer me wrong.  We had to leave in the middle because it was THAT bad, we didn't "boo" or anything rude.  It was not funny... At all.  We are very easily entertained, but this was awful.  Go to another improv, my husband and I have gone to many others and been entertained - , I understand any improv will not always be amazing, but I've never been to one this bad.  This venue was nicer than others I've been to, but the talent was just NOT there.  It felt like a bunch of high school kids getting together on the weekends who thought they were hilarious to themselves.  That's the best way I can describe it.  Without my people taking up 2.5 rows, there were about 10 other people there last night.  Save yourself the $14 and go anywhere else for laughs.  I tried to save my group money by not going to see Adam Corolla last night, big mistake.  Luckily, my birthday was salvaged by a quick trip to a bar.
1	If you enjoy sitting in a silent dark room and listen to performers laugh at some inside jokes, this show is for you. I decided to take a last min road trip to visit my friends and after dinner we looked for the highest rated show in the area. DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE RATING!!!! We went to a 9:45 show on Saturday night, other than one large group of young adults, the crowd was obviously filled with a few parents and relatives of the performers (where I'm assuming all these 5 star ratings are from). The venue itself is pretty nice, very clean and nicely decorated. The poor young lady at the front desk was a little slow and couldn't really understand how the payment system worked, but you can let stuff like that pass because we were in no hurry. We then grabbed a beer and some candy, which was a nice addition had the show been any good. On that point, the selection of beer was pretty good. They had some nice local ones and your obvious pbr and coronas. My female friend wanted some wine but they had run out during the 7:45 show, the first red flag. Was the earlier show so bad that there was a run on all the wine? Did they make a run on the empty bottles to throw at the stage? Lord only knows, but we were about to fall down the pathetic rabbit hole and went to find our seats. The show started with warnings about using any bad language and them putting a bag on your head (confusing), for a late night show it felt very Draconian (let it slide). There is also the explanation of the silly point system that seems to matter very little to anyone(more confused). Now the "performances" were all disjointed, mostly mumbles and the only laughs were coming from the "team mates" on the stage. That is an awful way to watch a show. They would take suggestions from the audience but decided to go with some ridiculous obviously juvenile suggestions. You can't start a fire with Teddy Roosevelt as your fuel, uggggghhh YOU JUST CAN'T! Now after 30 min or so of some more awkward bumbling around the stage they decided to pick on a poor girl who was having a birthday party. Then for the next 30 min they called her husband fat, alluded to the fact that she was an alcoholic and suggested that her children were mentally handicapped. This took the show from wanting to be a family friendly experience (their words not mine) to a bad impression of Howard Stern trying to berate the audience member. This is just in bad taste and frankly just Awful!!! The funniest part of the night was a twitter feed had been set up to make fun of the performers, pretty hilarious. It's a very bad sign when at least half of the audience is on the Internet trying to find something funnier. The whole experience made me cringe for days. 5 days later I'm still fuming over the whole thing. They should scrap all the actors, stop trying to be non-topical and flush out all the bugs BEFORE the performances. Shame on you, FOR SHAME!!!!
5	It costs about as much as going to a movie, lasts around the same time, but to watch funny games played out off the top of these people's heads is priceless. I don't laugh this much at the movies. PERFECT IDEA FOR A DATE!!! We went for a date night here. It is so much better than the normal dinner and a movie. They even had a pretty good IPA beer from a local brewery. I wish I could get those at a movie theater!The location seems a little shady at first, but that is because a lot of businesses went out of business around there after the recession hit. Most of the inhabitants of the neighborhood are just poor college kids that go to the local community college. Being mugged is highly unlikely, but the place could use a little more outside lighting.When you go inside, it is nice and clean. The staff was super nice. And did I mention they have beer? lol.This place is totally worth the trip and cost of admission. I can't wait to be able to get a babysitter and go with my wife again. Oh, and my kids are babies, but the content of the show is completely family friendly. I would say kids 6y+ would enjoy it.rs
3	I found this on Groupon and gave it a go. It was fun to go something different but I'm not sure I would go back. I didn't find that it was a high level of comedy. I suggest you Try it if you get a discount ticket.
5	I have been here lots, and have a reservation here for 8 people this Saturday.  These guys are super funny, and the atmosphere is nothing but fun.Last time we were there, they called my daughter (age 10) up onto the stage to do a skit.  It was very funny, and they were SOO good with her.  I love supporting a business that is so much fun - but still extremely clean and family-oriented.  My kids love going here.  My kids are ages 5 thru 13, and whenever I give them the choice, they choose this over going to see a movie, or any other activities.Great for a date, or for the family, or even alone.  Lots of fun - I definitely recommend it!
4	A hilarious family--friendly night out!I took my 17 year old daughter and 13 year old son to NCT last Friday night.  We had a fantastic time!  The performers are top notch, and the family friendly atmosphere was fantastic.  They have a policy that no performer, or audience member, can say anything lude, crude or indecent and I really appreciated that.The audience is involved throughout and the games they played were great.If you're looking for a great night out I recommend it highly!
5	My wife and I have the opportunity to go to several shows in the past month and have had a blast! The beauty of Improv Comedy is that it is always a new show. The players use suggestions from the audience for their hilarious scenes. And the "5 Things" game is one of funniest parts of the show, and demonstrates how gifted the players are.Highly recommend attending their show, they always have great offers. You will leave every show with a huge smile as the players high 5 the entire audience when they leave. A must watch in Phoenix.
4	This place is pretty fun, and I like that the regular shows are family friendly so I don't have to worry about things getting really dirty. They tend to have some really funny people mixed in with some so so funny people. Definitely got some good laughs, and it makes for a great date night for sure. Very similar to Jesterz if you are familiar with them. We use our Pogo Passes to get 6 regular shows for free throughout the year. Check out Pogo Pass if you haven't, and use promo code TAKE60OFF, to get 60% off, and get in this place for free!
2	It would have been good if I had children attending but I did not. It was date night and did not think it was funny at all. Wanted to leave at intermission but did not want to be rude. The audience was full of kids and street dressed. I was disappointed since we don't get out much, I would not attend again. Might be good for group of kids - like a birthday party?
5	Fun! I went with my friend Alexis who takes improv classes there... It was a good time! Good intimate space, well organized, beer and concessions.   I will definitely be going again.  Though the all ages thing is great for families, my group kept getting glares from the uber Christian grandma in front of us for various suggestions we threw out... It was kind of ridiculous.  It's a comedy club, gettoverit lady.  Anyway, I also noticed while I was there - in a couple of weeks, one of my favorite comedians is going to be there, Kevin McDonald!!! So I'll be back. If you like improv - check it out!
5	This is an awesome experience for friends and family.  This is our fourth time here. We love it. My kids are always excited to catch the late show. The improv show they put on is kid friendly and extremely funny. It's apparent that these guys really work hard at what they do.
5	I've been going here for many years and just finally decided to write a review.   This is a very fun place and highly recommend it for a group activity or date!
