5	Great service - thanks!
4	been here a few times since its been FedEx office, once to use the "office" to print something because i was out of ink at home,another to ship a $130 headset (which was THROWN into my gated yard and nearly damaged upon receiving via FedEx that i'm not counting in this review) and another to fax an important document. when i went here to print via the computers available for public use via a reloadable store card the employee who loaded the card and got me started made me feel like i was stupid for not knowing how to insert the card and get their old windows 2000 fired up for use and printing! the overall staff and service quality is OK, never really crowded but the staff is rather slow on a good day, the prices are rather pricy but not too bad, this location is just a few miles from my house so it's pretty convenient if i need to ship something. if you need something shipped or faxed ( i would say printed to but i went here instead of the mesquite library near PV Mall because i was heading to blockbuster down the street, however the library doesn't charge to use their pc's and printing is cheap there) I would definitely recommend this location to a friend (as a matter of fact i actually have when somebody i knew needed to ship something in a hurry and wasn't sure where to go)
3	The staff at this location is very friendly. They always greet customers as they walk in. Everyone seems happy to assist with copying or shipping needs, and it's a nice sized store that never has a long wait to use anything. They also offer free wifi to customers. I just found out today that they take credit and debit cards and you don't have to prepay their card. How convenient! I like having that choice.
1	Just had the most frustrating experience I have ever had at any shipping location.  All we wanted to do was ship a package from Phoenix to Chicago.  The person we talked to had no idea how the process works or any suggestions to help us ensure the package would arrive next day.  When we inquired about sending it to a FedEx location instead of the home address to ensure someone could pick it up, she was absolutely no help in finding a FedEx location anywhere close.  She just wanted to say here computer would not let her search locations.  Really, you can't search FedEx locations from a FedEx????  We asked about Saturday delivery and she had no idea how that worked or what would happen to the package if it couldn't be delivered on Friday.  She wanted to talk about everything but shipping the package.  It was almost like she couldn't hear because she paid no attention to the questions we were asking.  We finally get a price and it is outrageous and she quotes a time different than what we filled out on the slip.  I came home and found a FedEx location very close to where we were trying to ship the package in about 60 seconds on the FedEx site.  We were quoted $160+ for overnight.  Per the FedEx site we got a quote for $110 using generous measurements.  We also got a quote for $77 for Saturday delivery which the store person couldn't even come close to figuring out.  Ultimately we took the package to UPS and shipped for Saturday delivery at $75, less than half of the only option the clerk could come up with.  I have shipped thousands of items with FedEx, UPS, USPS etc. and you do have to ask questions or you can be disappointed.  This gal clearly has not been trained and I don't have enough time to do their job for them.  We were there 30 minutes and finally left because we couldn't get anywhere.  Ultimately we also saved $85 or more than half so the extra hour to get it all done was worth it.  That will be the last time I use this FedEx.
5	My experience here was easy breezy. I had to send a fed ex envelope and the representative was able to help me immediately. He gave me my receipt and showed me my tracking number and I was all set. I'd say I was in and out of there in 5 minutes.
