2	I used to love coming here for hookah and hanging out with friends. But the ASU frat boys found out about it and the place but isn't what it used to be. The foods gotten really bad too.
4	King Tut's is both my scene and not my scene. Moving out here from New York, I was thrilled to find hookah places, and also one that was open late with floor seating in private booths and decent Egyptian food at good prices. The atmosphere is definitely a bit run-down in a good way, and the waiters are pretty on point, especially in dealing with such a huge crowd. But that crowd is the other thing. I was shocked to find that the hookah scene was primarily filled with frat boys and sorority girls. It still perplexes me how this crowd, many of whom seem completely uninterested in world culture, has made this place their home. Fine for them, but if you're not in that scene or an ASU student, be prepared to feel like you've just gone to Psi Delta Psi or whatever for their hookah-themed party where everyone knows everyone else.  King Tut's knows who their target audience is, and I always am annoyed when they turn off the loud Middle Eastern music for the latest hip-hop. It just makes it seem more like a frat party. I love a party vibe, but I also feel out of my element.
3	I'll admit it. I have a soft spot for places where I can sit on a raised platform, recline on some pillows and pretend I'm the caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland.  No. It's pretty unlikely that the people here will be "your people"  whoever you are, and whatever you're into.  I'm thinking this isn't a place to make friends, it's a place to take friends.  Friends who enjoy gigantic water pipes with hose attachments so you can enjoy some exotic cancer causing treats.Mr. T ordered the first round, with Rose and Lavender.  This was my first time at a Hookah bar, or as I call it, wrestling with the 2 armed octopus.  Apparently it's not that hard, you suck on the end of the hose where the hole is.  Although, if the person tending the other hose isn't either actively sucking or blocking the hole some other way, the pipe won't draw and you'll be stuck with a lung full of stale, non smokey air.  And seriously, if you wanted that, you could have just stayed at home and locked yourself in the hall closet.So, keep an eye on your hookah mates and make sure they've got their hole plugged or a hose in their mouth.  Otherwise nobody is gonna enjoy the Sheesha.  After we were done with the first round, which honestly felt a bit like smoking those fancy decorative soaps at your friend's grandmother's house.  You know the ones? The little roses and sea shells and what not?  Yeah, the ones you got in trouble for actually using when there was a perfectly good bottle of foam for you to pump?  The ones that it was only later pointed out were for decorative purposes?  Yeah, well imagine the strong rose and lavender scents wafting off those soaps mixing with grandpa's pipe smoke which crept in through the bathroom vents to say hello and you have a pretty good idea of what that first round of Sheesha was like.Anyways, after the soap round  - We decided to try grape next which was mellow and neutral and didn't really remind me of anything.  I mean, it was good.  But it was good by virtue of not being bad.  All in all it was an interesting experience.  The place was fine, I didn't try any food but I might next time.  I was neither impressed nor unimpressed with the Hookah portion of the evening.  I mean, it was no opium den, but it still had it's own thing going and I can appreciate that on a few levels.
2	This place is pretty trashy, I'd rather smoke my hookah at home.
5	I freakin' love this place!!Reading the other reviews it makes me laugh because well... i guess I AM their target audience!! I have taken quite a few of my friends to this spot and it's always good fun. The music is a little loud for my taste and it's weird when u get a good vibe going and are challenging your friends to a smoke-ring-off and then all of a sudden you're puffing away to gangsta rap! it's like... HUH? When did Biggie walk though the door?? But whatev', u just keep getting ur caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland on and talk with your friends. But it's real what someone else said... u totally don't make friends there! It's hard when everyone's stoned and or trying to hook up with one another. But word on the people watching, for REAL!! As far as the seeshas go, I dig the mixed fruit and the apple flavors. It's pretty awesome. I love the taste and flavor and the fact that it's a LOT smoother than cigarettes. If you do decide to go, try some of the food... you might be surprised. Bring your ID cuz these ppl card! Take some friends and cover the hose when ur not smoking... its just polite! :P
2	I MUST talk about the food at this place!!Okay, it was only recently that I decided to really try their food. and it was soo yummy! One time, I had a gyro and a seesh thoola (is that spelled right?) The second sandwich was a grilled chicken dish wrapped in a pita. it was so good! Their olive oil is quite good. The gyro was good too - a little greasy for my liking, but still yummy. Another time I went - i went with a couple of friends and we brought it down! We had a kebab combination. My friend had just a chicken kebab and I had a lamb kebab and the sheeh thoola combo and my other friend had just the lamb. It came with salad and hummus and pita as well as our entrees and rice and this one side dish of feta cheese, tomatos and i think sage? I didn't get to eat it because my friend ate it all! damn her! The hummus and pita was DELICOUS! and the rice was amazing. The kebabs were a little dry - I gotta admit but everything was good. I was really surprised. I thought it wasn't going to be that great. I wish we sat at a table becuase eating in their lil booths with just pillows on the floor was not very easy. We all got leg cramps that night. But seriously - the service is SHIT! There's this guy who is their waiter - if you're not a FEMALE under 25 and WHITE and BLONDE and a size ZERO and have HUGE tits... he does NOT give a shit about you! and that's REAL! I am SO not lying!! I've have been to this establishment atleast a dozen times and everytime - the story's the same. We go up and order our hookah... this employee takes the order is seems rather pissed to do so. I give him my ID and credit card and sit down with a couple of menus.SEVERAL minutes later, our hooka comes and then we order our drinks and another quarter hour later our drinks come and then he seems CRAZY annoyed that we actually want food. I never care and just order anyway. There's been a couple of times when my friends wanted to eat somewhere else because of this guy's attitude. We order anyway. He reluctantly takes our order. We sit and wait... and wait... and wait... I search the room for him and there he is... standing over some girl's clevage as she giggles and twirls her hair. and FINALLY (one time 40 minutes later) we get our food. a-hole supreme usually plops our plates down and gives us more coles and is GONE. We never get refils on our drinks unless we beg another employee who seems like he's 15 years old.When we're done - we flag him over from yet another table where he's now hovering over a different cleavage since cleavage number 1 has left. and he clears the tables and leaves us yet again. Until we're done smoking and then finally go to the register to pay. When i think about it... the service really does suck! but the food is so good and so is the hookah. I've come close to telling off the waiter of the year - but the tobacco and food always calm me down. :P
4	Thinking back on this place, I was swarmed with how many times and fairly significant experiences I have had here.  Instead of stories I'll just throw some facts at you:Tut's has the best hummus in all of AZ.  Try it and tell me it's not true.  They give you more pitas than most places and it is pretty darn cheap.  The Phoenician is the only other passable hummus competitor.The people here are much more friendly and varied than at Oasis.  It reminds me a bit of a drama club room mixed with a Psych 101 class at ASU.They started playing hip-hop at some point and I don't know if it has stopped yet.  Perhaps only on weekends.  It's off-putting.I have been told many times that Tut's hookah is not as good as others, but then I've also been told that Red Sea has the best and no one wants to go there.  I don't notice any difference and I doubt most people do.Get some hummus to go and your day will be brighter.  Particularly if you live in that area because it is kind've a downer.  Maybe sneak it into Plaid so you won't have to eat their god-awful food and can still have a beer.
3	Most of the other reviews said it but I'll toss mine in to confirm.  Geoff O. hit the nail on the head.  The food is good, the hookah is average - above average, the interior is nice, the service is good, and the crowd is absolutely atrocious.  The place is consistently packed with morons from various ASU frats and sororities.  They used to play great middle-eastern music, but changed to shitty rap by popular demand.  I have never been there on a Friday or Saturday night where some idiot frat guy didn't walk in and go "awww dude, we should totally put weed in these!!"  If you enjoy good hookah and good food, you have to go no further than across the street from Tuts to Urban Cafe.  All the good points of Tuts without the awful crowd.  PS:  If you are a frat guy with a spray tan and a popped collar on a pink polo shirt, please stay at Tuts.  I'll be across the street at Urban and we can just respectfully loathe each other from afar.
3	King Tut's is the very first place that I ever smoked hookah. Unfortunately, there were a lot of negative changes that have happened to Tut's since 2002. I remember once going to Tut's and the clientele was a perfect mix of Middle Eastern and non-Middle Eastern. The music back then was ONLY traditional Arabic music. Yes the furniture and stage wasn't as nice but it was more traditional. But now, King Tut's clientele is mostly college kids; some that are respectable and some that fit the "I'm a Big Douche at the Scottsdale Bar" scene. What disappointed me the most was hearing Afroman's most famous song being played in their system.  That was it for me.  I would give Tut's a lower rating but I have so many fond memories of this place.  I'm hoping to go back there sometime and have it be like it was before, a traditional, respectable, hookah cafe...  if anything, at least their food has stayed consistently great over the years.
4	This is the first time I've been "out" for hookah, and I must say I was pretty impressed with King Tut's. I've driven pass this place hundreds of times and I always thought it was a little sketchy, but once inside the place looks pretty chill & homey. Me and my friend were quickly greeted and had a seat in the front floor area while we waited for our two other friends to join us. We got started with hookah, some water, and some hummus. Now I'm no expert on hookah, but what we had was pretty good. We had a tangerine thingy....and later one we had an exotic one with pineapple, delish. It was pretty hoppin' while we were in, and they had rain to deal with on the patio, but our server was attentive and took good care of us. I would definitely visit again.
4	King Tuts has it's pros and cons, just like every other Hookah Bar. It's pretty good shisha (if you get the StarBuzz as opposed the the regular tobacco), and the employees are super friendly and willing to help you if you need anything. Pricing is moderate, but worth it. Downside is the seating. It's difficult to find a good spot if you have more than 5 people. Also, it takes a little while to get your Hookah brought to you. But over all it's a fun time and I would recommend it!
5	We've been coming here for years now. It's had it's ups and downs but it's always been the best hookah in Phoenix. The prices are great, the hookahs are always great, and they are always trying to improve the experience. The food is great- get the chicken shawerma or the hummus. Dave, Tim, Fafani, and Sol are awesome so treat them well :)
5	Don't be fooled by the generic-sounding name, King Tut's has been the perfect place to relax over hookah with friends. I love this hookah bar; it's been the perfect place to relax after a long week. We always end up staying longer here than I mean to, because of the relaxing atmosphere and friendly staff. I wish it wasn't so far from my house, or else I'd be a regular here. I didn't try the food, though, this rating is solely for the quality of the hookah lounge.
5	I have been coming here for a very long time and live it. We've tried other hookah bars around tempe but have left wondering why we strayed from Tuts. The service is great (and has consistently gotten better) and the food is wonderful. If you want a great place to relax and talk/do homework (free wifi!)/just chill this is it.
5	Great spot for Egyptian Middle Eastern Atmosphere, excellent home cooked buffet during Ramadan, really makes me feel at home!
4	Good prices, great hookahs, good food! A very chill place to hang out with friends. Also free wifi
4	I've been coming to Tut's for at least 7 years now. Very little bad I have to say about it. Hookah and drinks always come out in a timely manner and the staff is always quite attentive. They'll make sure you get fresh coals and a new bowl if your hookah needs it. And I absolutely love the upper seating area. The only place in the valley where you'll see me excited to sit on the floor. Get yourself a hookah, some arabic coffee, a nice corner with some friends you'll be set.They have some screens that they show sports and stuff on and they play music (mostly pop, some middle eastern) but if you're friends you probably won't be paying much attention to it.The only food I've ever had was the grape leaves. It was OK. Seemed like it had been sitting around for a while and I didn't like that it came out with yogurt sauce as I am vegan. It's the only place I've ever seen this done and I've eaten my share of grape leaves.Admittedly, I haven't been to many hookah bars, but Tut's is so great I don't see why I'd go anywhere else. Don't fix something if it ain't broken.Oh, and free wifi. Just saying.
4	Definitely have good prices for the quality of hookah!The location is great, close to ASU. I come here to study and sit outside when the weather permits. They have round table outside and is perfect for study group sessions. I love how its just a relaxing environment and the staff are super nice!Their food selection is good too! I love their chicken hummus and their appetizers like chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, and wings are also yummy!
4	I really loved the hummus and pita bread. I am big fan of mediterranean and make sure I try it every place I go to. This is my all time favourite. It was made so fresh and served so well. The hookah was smooth and non-ashy. Definitely worth the money! Not too costly a place also.
4	There are a lot of hookah places in the neighborhood and I've tried the majority of them but always keep coming back here. Not because it's closest, but because it offers a fun cozy little atmosphere and a decent selection of food. Their service varies, but that's fine as so does their business traffic. It's the slow season now and I like to go over there when it's not busy and have a cup of their coffee and order from their extensive menu. I like that they have both American and Mediterranean food on their menu. Like one day you could get a nice (oh that grill taste!) burger, and then the next day get a hummus tray. I haven't tried their sheesha because I have my own hookah at home, but I've heard from friends that have been there that it's good and they prefer it over the food offerings, so it must be amazing. If you're in the area, you should definitely check it out. The only reason they aren't getting a 5-star is because it wouldn't hurt for them to play some music or something and be a little more consistent with their service.
4	This hookah lounge is just that, a lounge. It has very comfortable chairs and couches. There is a lot of room to spread out and get comfortable. This is a very important factor for Hookah lounges because you are smoking and trying to relax. Secondly, the staff is fantastic. They are very attentive. When you need coals they are right there asking you how the hookah is and if the flavor is still prime. If you feel like talking they will sit down for a couple minutes and chat with you, but they are quick to get back to work. Thirdly, the prices are fantastic. They have food and drinks for sale at this lounge and the prices are unbeatable. The food is incredibly good as well. If you're looking for a cheap, relaxing, and fun hookah lounge to frequent, this is the one for you!
4	Small arrangement... very low music... these are some of the things i dislike about the place BUT customer service is great which makes up for the experience. And also they have good quality hookah.
3	Good flavors for hookah. All of my friends come here so I get dragged a long too. Service is fast and nice. The atmosphere is good and the seats are comfortable. For a good time, this is the place to be. If you are into smoking. Although, parking is limited during busy hours.
5	I like this place a lot, made a lot of friends there, the workers are extremely nice and fun. great environment. I would recommend it to everyone.
3	Fun hookah time, i didn't pay, so it was great.
4	Love this place!! They have the best mozzarella sticks. It can use a bit of a cleaning. Everything's kinda dusty and old for example the pictures and stuff hanging up. But I've never gotten sick and I always come here. There hookah is very enjoyable and this place is great for groups! the majority in Tempe that are under 21 but 18 yrs can have fun staying out somewhere open past 1am. Also, the people who work here are super sweet and attentive even when it is busy.
4	Excellent relaxed, calm atmosphere. Great for having a nice conversation, or intense debate over a well prepared hookah. Friendly helpful staff, and good service. When preparing a bowl of Fumari, should be using a vortex or phunnel bowl to keep the flavor; otherwise you may as well be smoking Starbuzz, or Al Fahker.
5	King Tuts is a classic.  I have been coming here for years and it is by far the best hookah lounge in town.  They could stand to clean the bathroom though, its nasty.
