4	Sonic. Never had it until I went to AZ. So..they have everything. Burgers, sandwiches, wraps, coneys (what?), salads, smoothies, breakfast items, a billion sides, desserts, and numerous beverage choices.Everyone raves about the tater tots, so I ordered them. Yeah, they were....tater tots....a lot of...tater tots. Don't get me wrong, they were good, but....they were tater tots.I think the Cherry Limeade is where it's at. I'm a sucker for the little marachino cherries in my beverages. Reminds me of "kiddie cocktails." The peach tea is also delicious, as is the slushes.There's one thing I didn't understand about this place: They sell bags of ice through the drive-thru. Now, someone help me out....Is that standard for all Sonics? Or, is it because it's Arizona and it's 19,000 degrees? Just curious.
5	Five stars for a fast food place? Hell yea. This is pretty much the only fast food place (other than In-N-Out) that people actually like instead of eating at strictly for convenience. (That said, it's still fast food.)You can either drive thru, order in your car, or eat outside on picnic style tables. The kids meals make for a great snack (who doesn't like a free toy?) and the coneys are ahead of their time as far as AZ is concerned.The real killer, of course, is the huge variety of drinks, slushies, etc. If you go during happy hour you can get a whole crowd of people large drinks for just a couple of bucks.Don't go expecting fantastic food, but do go in lieu of just about any other fast food place.
1	Yuck!  I swear I used to love the grilled cheese sandwhich and tater tots.  The food has just been disgusting the last 3 times I went.  I will NOT be going back.  The grilled cheese has hardly any cheese in it.  Texas toast with a butter smearing amount of cheese between the two slices.  The tater tots taste cold and stale like they have been sitting around for hours.  Ick.
3	This sonic wasn't too far from my mother's in chandler so I came here a few times for cold drinks to get me thru the heat.  Both their flavored lemonades and ice cream drinks were excellent!
4	There aren't a lot of places around here that are open past 10 pm but this chain is.  So one evening when I was out late and had eaten a late lunch and wasn't hungry at a normal dinner time, I stopped in here after 11-ish for a bite.  I got a Foot Long Chili Dog special for $2.99 (with onions), a small Tater Tots,  a small cherry slushie, and a small coffee to save and reheat in my motel room the next mornig.  That cheap hot dog was delicious. The Tater Tots were freakin' awesome!  And I don't even like Tater Tots.  But these were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with just enough oil to help it crunch with a wonderful texture. I got my cholesterol and calories and sodium quotients  in for the next month in one simple trip.  Ouila!
3	Open till' very late at night, how could I complain? If I want a root beer float late at night, I can come here and share a banana split while I'm at it. There are tons of things on the menu and they have a happy hour.
4	Always good hamburgers, fries, and ice cream treats.
2	I know Sonic isn't a typical fast food place - you never go inside - but still, the employees need to be a little more cognizant of the fact that we can still see what you are doing.Stopped there for lunch today and was parked in a stall right outside the door. I watched (after I had received and eaten my food) one of the guys that works there bring a bag of trash outside and set it down by the door. Then I watched as he went and got another bag and did the same thing. Not a minute later, he came out the door with a tray of food in his hands to deliver to a car. Hmmmm... enough time to wash your hands or no?Also, why put the trash right by the door instead of taking it to the dumpster? Which was a few feet away, and he's on roller skates! It's not like he even had to walk there.Right before I left, I watched a girl come out and walk right by the two bags of trash to go have a cigarette. Where she proceeded to stand right next to the dumpster. Hello? Take the trash with you maybe? The food was good - no complaints there. But still - do something about the health and safety aspect of this place.
5	Now, I will warn you and say that I have yet to experience every menu item this Sonic has to offer, but I CAN tell you that their route 44 oz diet vanilla cokes are the best I have ever had. I have also had a shake and the cinna stacks. The shake was blegh and not super worth it, but the cinnastacks were ah-may-zing. So, so good. Salivating over here, people. Don't make my same mistake and find the cream cheese frosting after eating all the cinnastacks.... my one complaint: they put the frosting at the bottom of the bag. Be sure to go between 2 and 4 and you get 1/2 off your drinks, but I s-w-e-a-r that they take off more than that. 5 stars forever! Also, you don't lose the consistency with this franchise--- the location is as sketchy as ever and certainly adds to the drive-in charm!
5	Number 2 super sonic double cheeseburger with extra mustard. Tots and my favorite strawberry slush. This sonic never gets it wrong. Very friendly staff and quick service too.
5	Been here many times, its close to home,  n I've never had any issues at all. The food is great, the service is awesome. I like getting down n eating instead of sittin in the car n eating. Today I went n my only complaint is the amount of mosquitoes that were everywhere by the tables but I guess that's everwhere this time of year.
