5	After a couple good holes but overall a horrific round of golf (quite challenging 3 par course, at least for me), I found redemption through this place.. More specifically their Burger!"Half-Pound charbroiled angus ground chuck on a toasted brioche bun with mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato, pickle, red onion." And I chose steak fries to go with it. This bar/lounge served One of The Best Burgers I've had! And it was only $7.45 with the fries!! Can't beat that with a Metal Bat!! The Angulicious beef flavor was Savory as could be! All the toppings and the buns were portioned properly with the size of the patty and simply made an Extraordinary Backyard Basic/Standard type Burger.. Under rated or Undiscovered??!!  The steak fries were soft, fat, rectangular and that seasoning.. Awesome!! Atmosphere calm and relaxed, nice and open. Service was Excellent. Burger was a 'Hole In One' and Prices Inexpensive across the board!!!
5	I ended up spending New Year's here with Donald and we had an awesome time!For $60 we each got a 5 course meal that including shrimp cocktail, salad, cream of mushroom soup, entree of our choice, dessert, and a whole bottle of wine. They even had the driving range open with free buckets of balls for anyone who wanted to go out and do that before midnight. The shrimp were so huge. Normally I'm not really a fan of shrimp cocktail, but I actually loved the sauce that came with it here. It even had little bits of celery which Don enjoyed. There wasn't anything special about the salad except for the fact that they make all the dressings themselves. The cream of mushroom soup was hands down the BEST cream of mushroom soup I've ever had and I'm starting to reconsider my favorite type of soup now. It was obviously homemade and they weren't stingy on the very fresh mushrooms either.I ended up getting the Steak Au Poivre and Don got the Moroccan Spiced Lamb Chops. Both were served with Fingerling Potatoes and garden vegetables. To be honest, we were both pretty toasted by the time we got our entrees because we got a complimentary round of drinks for being the first people to sign up for the NYE dinner. We went with their Loaded Arnold Palmer, which they refilled once each. On top of that, they gave us our bottle of wine to share and it took them a while to bring us our entrees. I don't know if it was all the alcohol, but both entrees tasted seriously delicious. I ordered my steak medium and that's exactly what I got. It was so soft and juicy and the portion was pretty big. I think since they took a while to bring us our entrees, they had to hurry to bring out the desserts because our waitress told us she'd bring them out when we were only halfway done with our entrees. No problem though. I just got the rest of my steak to go and got to enjoy my ultra creamy cheesecake before we all went out onto the deck to watch the fireworks show. After finishing our desserts, the waitress asked us if we were ready for our shots. Shots!? Seriously. This place really kept the alcohol flowing last night. We had to pass on the shots because, after 2 loaded Arnold Palmers and half a bottle of wine each within a couple hours, we would not have been able to even walk to our cars afterward. Then we were also informed that we would each get some party favors and a glass of champagne for a New Year's toast. We had to pass on the champagne too because it was just too much. If I knew we would be getting all those drinks throughout the night, I would've really paced myself instead of drinking the Loaded Arnold Palmers like lemonade (they REALLY creeped up on me). However, it was really very generous of them to do all that for such a low price.A few minutes before midnight, everyone went out onto the deck to watch the fireworks. We seriously had a perfect view of everything and Don brought his tripod and DSLR to take some amazing photos. It was definitely a great experience and perfect way to watch the all the fireworks without having to deal with the insanity of the strip. I absolutely loved spending New Years here last night and I'd definitely come back for some of their delicious Cream of Mushroom soup!
5	This is a review for my experience at Upper Deck during our New Years celebration (going into 2012).    Jadira found this special deal on Callaway's Facebook page.  Basically, for $60 per person; you get a 5 course meal for $60.00!  This was their first year doing it and I totally loved it.  It was definitely more low key than say the strip and we got a pretty good view of the fireworks show.  Aside from that we got pretty tipsy and had some good food!  Definitely giving this a 5 stars!What did the $60/pp come with?  *  you got to choose your meat (there was also fish... Salmon)     We opted for the Moroccan Spiced Lamb Chops and Steak Au Poivre (peppered).  Both were succulent and delicious.  * Soup .  Cream of Mushroom was the soup of the night (Jadira raved about it)  * Garden Salad with your choice of dressing (Ranch for both of us)  * Bread. It was Hawaiian Bread w/ butter... yummy!  * Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail  (these things were huge!)  *  Your choice of wine.  We got the Callaway Cabernet.  * Drink Special (buy 1 get 1 free).  Loaded Arnold Palmer... Amazing good!  * Dessert:  we got CheeseCake and a Chocolate cake of some sort.    * The deal also came with unlimited driving range for your golfers!  *  1 free shot of anything (even premiums) for each person.  *  Party favors the ring in the new years  *  Champagne toast at midnightPros:  *  Definitely low key and perfect if you are trying to avoid the masses.    *  Good view of the fireworks on the strip  *  Live coverage of the Downtown was on numerous flat screens.  *  Spacious seating layout   *  Excellent customer service (our waitress even came by to chat a bit and take our photo for us).  * clubs were set out to use for the unlimited driving range.  *  They have that watered-down type of Ranch.  I love it !!Cons:  *  Main Course took awhile to arrive and when it did, we felt a bit rushed to get to dessert because it was nearing midnight  *  I wasn't told that they would provide clubs for use for the range... otherwise I would have not lugged my drivers with me.  Tips:  *  If they do this next year, I'd definitely recommend an early arrival if you are interested in hitting some balls.    *  Order the Loaded Arnold Palmer.  It's so refreshing!  *  Don't forget to pace yourselves with the drinking.  *  I'm sure they don't usually take reservations, but it is reservations only for the New Years Celebration.  Overall:   I had an amazing time!  It's definitely a memorable New Years celebration!  It was an incredible deal for what you get and the food was surprisingly good.  Year round, Upper Deck is open and serves typical bar food.  They also have happy hour!  I'm not sure exactly what is on their menu, but I do know they have burgers, fries, beer, etc.  Due to the excellent service we received, I wanna make a stop here during a normal day and dine at Upper Deck.  When we checked it, the Restaurant Manager came to our table to personally thank us and bought our first round of drinks for us since we were the first to sign up for their New Years celebration.  Highly Recommended!
3	Was here for a special event party (Foursqaure Day) so did not see or order from their normal menu. They were offering specials of basic bar food (Nachos, Hot Dog, Sliders, etc) for just $1-2 each. Bartenders were friendly but it was often hard to get someone's attention. Again this was during a special event so the normal experience may vary. Had a good time and nothing from my experience would keep me from returning on a regular evening.
5	I golf way too much and I'm lazy and a horrible cook so I eat at the club house about five times a week at golf courses all over town. The Upper Deck is by far the best and I play at some nice clubs. First of all the food is excellent! There are probably 15 or 20 burgers on the menu and most of them would qualify as best in the area. I have tried nearly all of them and I'm always impressed. There are also all kinds of different lunch and dinner options that all look and smell amazing as they come out of the kitchen but I'm a burger guy. I did get a salad once and it was packed with all kinds of awesome and I really enjoyed it. But I like to shove food into my face with my hands and this is frowned on with a salad ;) so burger it is... UnlessThey are serving breakfast which is anytime before 11 am.  In that case I will be getting the best breakfast around for a fraction of what it should cost. Sometimes I order two because I can't pick just one and everything is so good. My favourite order is blueberry pancakes and a two egg breakfast which is way too much food but it's all so good! The two egg breakfast comes ham, bacon or sausage and a pile of potatoes, plus your choice of toast or English muffin and it is plenty of food for any normal person. The crazy part is that both are about 5 dollars or under! I don't know how they make better food at half the price than all the other breakfast spots around. Anyway if you really wanna spoil yourself spend the extra 2.50 for the Eggs Benedict. The hollandaise sauce is made from scratch and the eggs are poached properly but to be honest for 6.50$ you can't go wrong. There is a bar to sit and watch sports at while you enjoy your food or there is also a separate seating area that is more kid and date friendly. Anywhere you choose there is a nice view of the Taylormade Golf Experience driving range. It is always well lit because the whole place is windows giving it a nice open feeling. Last but not least the service is excellent and the staff is always super friendly. The owners are usually there and it is obvious they take pride in this establishment.  In conclusion.. Why are you not there already? Great food at amazing prices on the strip? If you live here you know how rare that is! The Upper Deck is a true diamond in the rough. (Golf pun intended, I crack myself up) They are located across the strip from Town Square (where the tourists go to pay four times as much for mediocre food) inside Taylormade Golf Experience.
4	Nothing fancy, but happy hour 4p to 6p is so cheap!  cocktail drinks $3!  Hit some range balls, drink a toast to how bad it was, hit a few more balls, drink another toast to those balls.  The tv screens have the golf channel on.  Golf became a lot less frustrating.  The golf shop is nice.  Great location near the car rental return at the airport makes nice stop on way to catch my flights.  You can also rent clubs, play quick round, get lessons.
5	Our plan was to hit a bucket of Golf Balls and then have a beer or 2 and watch the NHL playoffs. To my surprise the beers were cheap and cold. The Bar Tender was very friendly and informative.(He even let us pick the games we wanted to watch) The surprise of the evening was how good the food actualy was. Very good for the price. Even the customers around us were great and friendly. I will definatly go back next year.
5	Ok 4th time eating here but 2nd time eating the pacific rim burger. It had arugula goat cheese and sharachi pickles wit a hot chili sauce. Freakin Delicious. The service is personal and nice! And the food man what can I say. I'm a regular now!!
3	Pretty alright. We went in with a buy one get one coupon, and we might return if we had another. Ordered fish & chips, and a turkey burger. The fish & chips turned out nice, the turkey burger was not nice.Turkey burger's meat was spicy for some reason, and came with house-made thousand island which was also spicy for some reason. I don't mean an eye-wateringly powerful spice, or an interesting spice that added to the flavor profile, just an unadvertised "I wouldn't have ordered this had I known in advance" kind of spice. Beyond that, the flavors and textures didn't mesh or impress. And I'm sorry to not be sorry here, but I've grown tired of eleven dollar burgers that are so huge that you can't eat them without a knife and fork. I ended up taking half of this thing home, and then couldn't bring myself to eat it because it was so unimpressive.Otherwise, service was nice enough, and ambiance was okay (construction going on in another part of the building, so there was loud beeping and drilling that echoed around the open floor plan). The five-starry reviews around Yelp are speaking of their regular burgers, so maybe if we ever return we will split one of those between two people. Maybe with another coupon...
4	I came to eat breakfast at the advice of a friend who comes here about twice a week. He said that the Upper Deck Sports Bar and Grill serves breakfast and that their burgers were written up as being some of the best in town. With a popcorn machine in the corner and most drinks are served in bottles I didn't expect much.Their breakfast menu isn't huge: two egg breakfast, about three different breakfast wraps (I will call them "burritos"), a breakfast sandwich, breakfast skillet and a couple varieties of eggs Benedict. The two egg breakfast served with your choice of meat, I chose homemade sausage at the recommendation of the bartender, house potatoes (also made fresh in house) and choice of sourdough or wheat toast for about $5. This is a steal! It is a lot of food and the housemate components made it that much more awesome. The burritos looked to be pretty huge and were priced at $4.65, deal! The Benedicts though were about $7-$8 bucks, not as big of a deal, but I also didn't see any come out. The breakfast was a great deal, and service was great but the food was not great (it was good and I will be back), it didn't knock my socks off to be worthy of five stars
