5	Mark Greenaway better be careful or he may find a Jen-shaped object that has become a permanent part of the furniture. (Except it wouldn't just be Jen-shaped, it would actually be me.)I am a little lost for words about how to sum up all the immense foodie love for Mark Greenaway - and for those that know me, leaving me speechless is no easy task.This is sumptuous, refined dining but without the uncomfortable pomp. You can't deny that fine dining is often accompanied by a certain air, slightly subdued and more civilised than the local gastro-pub. Yes this is warranted, as people sit in hushed awe at the delightful dishes they are about to enjoy. But sometimes this can drift more towards an arts-for-arts sake approach to dining. I adore good food. I love an excuse to sip a cool crisp Chardonnay and linger over a 4 hour meal with amuse bouche, petit fours, coffee, then whisky. I also do like to be a little fancy. But I don't want to feel uncomfortable and that I need to 'fit in'.Mark Greenaway is a wonderful restaurant that has the hushed tones and calm atmosphere of the more sophsiticated diners but is so approachable, genuinely warm and friendly, and the menu accesible that it pretty much ticks all my boxes.The menu is quite wonderful. I dined here most recently with the Yelp Eats menu, which was a prix fixe menu. Even with the more limited menu I was already spoiled for choice. Pork Belly or Skate Wing? Belly or Wing? I ended up going for the Langoustine Broth with Caviar for a starter, and Skate Wing Sous Vide with olive mash and squid as my main.Our party were first treated to the Amuse Bouche. A small mouthful of creamy heaven to whet our appetite. The thing I love about the food here, apart from how happy it makes my taste buds, is the sensory treat it provides. My broth arrived as a large bowl of foamed broth with some caviar peeking out the top. After delving in I found one large raviollo on a bed of spinach with the langoustines inside. Creative presentation, that has more than a little fun to it, but still as delicious as any.The Skate Wing I had already tried at my previous taster tour menu. At my last meal it'd been a moderate portion, as I was eating three other mains. However, I didn't quite expect to receive such a generous portion this time around - but that is certainly no complaint.Have a look at my uploaded photo. The most tender, juicy piece of skate wing rolled up served with the most light olive mash (far lighter and cleaner on the palate than a tapenade), and some teasingly delicious bits of fried squid. Despite that both my plates were fish, and quite light, I was hugely satisfied and very well fed. Whilst none of us went for dessert, imagine my joy at being presented with some beautiful platters of petit fours. As Kevin L described one as '1000 calorie ants on a log", very tongue in cheek, but there was one particularly dense, rich, heady dark chocolate truffle that I had a tiny bit of...then went back to finish that, and another, it was too good. And that little bite of white chocolate that turned out to be lemon meringue pie in chocolate form. Oh my. It is a good thing there was only one within my reach!The dinner lasted for 4 1/2 hours and at no point did we feel it had stretched on. The atmosphere at Mark Greenaway invites you to luxuriate in your surroundings, take your time over your meal, and enjoy good conversation in beautiful surroundings.Words cannot do it justice. The food is just out of this world and a cut above the rest. This is somewhere I will come for a special occasion, but also perhaps for a mid-week treat meal. Like I said, it ticks all my boxes and for that I am a huge fan.Now, can I justify skate wing sous vide for a mid-week lunch?!
5	Fellow Yelper Geoff K and I decided to take advantage of the great Yelp dinner offer going on this week to try Mark Greenaway's restaurant.  I've been meaning to try his fine dining for a while now, after reading so many good reviews and this was the perfect opportunity to sample some of his fine dining at an affordable price.We had booked a table for 7.30 pm and when we arrived, the lovely lady at the reception took us to our table, which was a nice corner table. We were quite surprised that the restaurant was so quiet, but I guess it is mid term holiday this week, and it was a Tuesday.  I have to admit that I felt a bit self conscious as we were the only ones in the room but our hostess was lovely and chatty.We ordered our food and as we had both opted for the pork as a main and were a bit uncertain about the wine, we were recommended a reasonably priced Pinot Grigio. After a very short wait, we were brought a delicious pea and mint amuse-bouche.  I love when restaurants do that.  It's very common in France but you only seem to get it in fine dining places in Scotland. That was certainly a lovely start to the meal.For starter, G had gone for the terrine and after hesitating all day between the cullen skink and the ravioli, I opted for the ravioli.  I do love cullen skink but this was too good an opportunity not to try that delicious sounding dish! Both starter plates looked very pretty and were a pleasure to the palate.The main course then arrived.  I had been looking forward to that slow cooked pork all day and it certainly looked as pretty as it tasted!  The crackling is just soooo good with a little bit of salt. Divine! Now, I did say on twitter that I would have liked the texture of cooked apple with it, but that's probably just because I'm French!  The dish is fantastic and the puree and the jus were very delicate and delicious.  Our waitress was very attentive and the service was quick. We were offered pudding but didn't opt for it as we were feeling full and were left to finish our bottle of wine.I haven't mentioned that the restaurant is nicely and tastefully decorated, the lighting is quite low, which make a pleasant and intimate atmosphere, and I did like the background music, which was jazzy enough to create an atmosphere but not overpowering at all.I can't wait to go back, and will happily save some pennies to be able to afford the normal price!Also, I haven't found out how to add pictures to a review but I have posted the pictures to the restaurant's profile so everybody can admire the faultless presentation.Hats off Mr Greenaway, and thank you for partnering with Yelp!
5	Seriously blown away by the quality of the dishes! The Yelp Eats menu offered brilliant choices and excellent value. We summed it up: "Mr Greenaway has his place buzzing. The food is of the most exceptional quality, the service spot on, and the restaurant a real upgrade on how they've had that room layed out in the past. We were delighted that their participation in the Yelp week compelled us to visit. We'll be back and we'll be back often."
5	I'll admit, I don't know much about fine dining - a lot of the times I honestly do question the value of the meals that some establishments offer. But there are places where you do have to just doff your cap in admiration - and Mark Greenaway is one of them. This restaurant is a 5 star... and more. Given my reluctance to try out restaurants which may break my monthly salary, Yelp Eats was the perfect introduction to MG. The quality of food, service and overall dining experience was simply superb. The service was flawless. The plateware was gorgeous, as were the wine glasses. The dining room itself muted and understated in a modern/trad style. Loved the music. I hadn't even reached the food at this point. First up: an amuse bouche of pea and mint *frothy soup* (sorry, I can't remember the more refined term for this...spuma?) which, if I am honest, was the best part of the meal and made me sorely regret that I didn't opt for the pea and mint risotto for my main. It definitely was a tastebud tickler. This was followed by a graciously selected slice of white rustic bread (I love good bread, so had to note it's attendence) and delivery of the mixed seafood raviolo in a langoustine broth with avruga caviar. Frankly just saying that adds a few notches to my culinary repetoire, let alone the opportunity to eat it. The presentation in a lidded deep dish added a lovely element of surprise, digging through langoustine-infused foam to reach the surprisingly large raviolo nesting on wilted greens below. The flavour of the raviolo was perhaps a little too delicate for my tastes, but the broth was lovely. For the main, I chose, based on Jenny l.'s enthusiastic description, the skate wing, and foresaking my previous intent on the risotto. Lets be honest here, if I had had it my way, I would have had both, but sometimes life doesn't play that way. I wasn't a super fan of the beetroot puree, but the skate-wing simply dissolved away during consumption, and the olive mash was equally melt in the mouth,. The squid, which can be touch and go for me, was one of the last items on the plate along with the mash - which for me means it was the best. The beetroot crisps were an odd but pleasant sensation - wafer, melting and not what I think of when I think of beetroot. My mum also had the ham hough, which she tucked into with gusto. Both my parents had the 11 hr slow cooked pork which was reportedly delicious and non-greasy. The spiced fillet accompaniment was also a hit. I have to make note as well of the presentation - each dish presented was a work of art. A feast for the eyes, the nose, the mouth. In the end, we opted to pay extra for a dessert, and to make this meal last a little longer. To the table, 2 dishes of bramley apple 6 ways and one cheese plate. The apple sorbet was a revelation and a new found love. Apple crisps and puree were a lovely contrast in flavour, but the jelly was instantly forgettable for both myself and my mother. My dad enjoyed the cheeses, although the goats cheese delivered a kick worthy of a hind leg. Overall, with the wine and dessert, we spent far more than what the Yelp Eats menu offered, but oh, what a way to go. And now, I know, MG is worth every single penny you spend there. It was an absolute treat to go there and essentially dry run the restaurant on a budget I could afford. Next time, the funds are being saved so I can revisit and dine once more in the most exquisite of styles.
5	Please someone let me give this place 6 stars..... if it were possible I would give it to this restaurant in a heartbeat. After reading all about the yelp eats deal that was going on last week and having a lookey at the menus I decided that I really wanted to go try out Mark Greenaway.... plus a certain little well known 'yelp fairy' may have recommended it to me! And Jenny....... THANK YOU!!! This is by far the best restaurant I have been to, so far. The menu may read a little up-market and I did worry that I may stick out like a sore thumb, but not at all. The service was spot on, professional, but not to the point that they won't be friendly and have a wee laugh with you, which is just what I am after. I do not want to be served by a robot who has no intention of interacting with you in any way, that ain't my style. Then, oh, then there was the food. Presentation is impeccable! Not a single thing out of place on any plate! We both had the seafood raviolo...... delish, and not too filling. I then had the skate, with the olive mash which I was a little unsure of, olives and me, we are rare acquaintances, we do not get on. But in this case, we got on like a house on fire, the flavour complimented the skate perfectly and I devoured the whole plate. My friend had the pork belly which he ranted on about for the rest of the weekend, so I figure he enjoyed it.And last, but by no means least...... my weakness, dessert. The chocolate fondant was calling out to me, there was no way I could not have it. I think had I not that would have been a severe mistake, I loved every mouthful of it, I could eat it every night. So I would say if you go here, have the puddings, they are more than likely to be the best part of the meal! The portions as expected are not what you would get in a hearty rustic pub, it is QUALITY over quantity, but I left feeling satisfied and grinning from ear to ear and not with that horrible stuffed feeling you sometimes get - and I had 3 courses!! Basically, the moral of this yelp eats story is simple - GO.
5	When word of the restaurants participating in Yelp Eats Week hit my ears, my first and foremost target was Mark Greenaway. I hadn't heard any reviews or recommendations of the restaurant; no one I knew had been. I knew vaguely of the restaurant and nurtured some desire to try it out mainly through my repeated visits of Hawke & Hunter above (and below) the restaurant. A firm favourite drinkery of mine, so I assumed their class and quality would reflect in the attached restaurant.In short: My expectations were met.For starters I opted for the Ham Hou-- But wait! What's this? This cheeky green concoction?Before our starters were delivered, the waitress surprised our table with a complimentary aperitif of amuse bouche of warm pea mousse with truffle oil.Fantastic! But wait (again)! Did you say peas?? I hate peas!Unless, it appears, they are done like this...! I'll admit, I supped on the pea mousse out of politeness and I did not expect to like it as much as I did. But over all I was most impressed with the quality of this complimentary dish.Must've been the truffle oil...... ;)So for starters I opted for the Ham Hough Terrine with Red Wine Jelly, Roasted Hazelnut, Hazelnut Mayo and Toast. In a word: terrific. And an impressively attractive dish.Next up, and the reason I couldn't wait to come to Greenaway's, I had the 11 Hour Slow Roasted Clash Farm Belly Pork with Pomme Puree, Savoy Cabbage and Toffee Apple Jus. Oh, the toffee apple jus! Anyone who knows me, knows I love my pork. Especially the belly. But this.... best belly ever! Crisp skin followed by immaculate layers of soft, moist pork, couple with the jus and the puree.Up there in my top meals of all time based on the main course alone!My only regret is coming for lunch, as it meant my time had to be brief. If I had come in the evening I would have paid the extra dragons for a dessert of Bramley Apple Plated Six Ways (Pie, Jelly, Crisps, Sorbet, Mousse, Soup). Alas time was against us. but there's always next time.And Mark, be sure, there will be a next time. Looking forward to coming back and seeing the rest of that enticing menu.Jen has since told me of Mark's enthusiasm and encouragement for Yelp. I must say, to have a restaurant of this quality on your side is a massive ally in Yelp's slow but steady world takeover bid. I only look forward to more collaborations between the two. A big thank you to Mark Greenaway for his positive stance on Yelp and moreover his incredible talent for food.
5	Had a fabulous lunch here with a foodie friend visiting from London. Luckily it was the day before he left otherwise we probably would have been back again the next night for dinner!Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
5	Please oh please can I just like live, drink and eat here for the rest of my life. That would make me the happiest little lady in Edinburgh, ever. Fact.I have now returned to Mark Greenaway twice. Once with some yelpers, and after having mentioned this visit to my friend the prompt response was table, in two weeks time, us, book, now. I was hardly going to say no!?The first visit with the yelpers was amazing. Crab cannelloni with smoked cauliflower custard. I was in awe when it came out, presentation is spot on, as was the taste of course!! Lifting off that little cone on top to be greeting by the most scrummy smokey smell, brilliant. Then there was the main. This main is without a doubt the best plate of food I have ever eaten.Gressingham Duck with potato croquettes, sausage roll, watermelon and tarragon gravy. It was mind blowing, the flavour of that gravy was so intense and delicious we may have had to ask for some more bread to mop it up with. The duck, unlike most duck I have had, was melt in the mouth. Not in the slightest bit chewy as it sometimes can be. Sausage roll, potato croquette..... man. I may sound like I am totally exaggerating, but as the other yelpers will verify, it is THAT good.On the second visit, I had parsnip veloute to start, which I had quite eagerly just jumped past whilst scanning the options. But on further inspection it came with a ham hough tortellini, curried parsnips and parsnip crisps. Yes please. My friend opted for the same, and we were both totally pleased with our choice, simply devine. Then for main I had hake with lobster ravioli, purple mash and a ginger and spring onion broth. I don't even like ginger!?! I swear I could come here and be given a whole plate based entirely on mushrooms and I would be converted. Again, utterly flawless, the fish was cooked to perfection. All the flavours are well balanced and compliment each other perfectly.Ok, now I am starting to rant on a little. So I shall break it down into simple points as to why, after reading this long winded review, you should go eat here- My friend that came on the second visit, drove all the way down from Aberdeen for the weekend just so he could come. - I have been three times, and each time I have had the chocolate fondant. If I were to go back tonight, I would have it again!- The service is always attentive and friendly..........Oh yeah, and did I mention the life changing Duck!?!?
2	I am going to break the hearts and minds of many as I write this review. Chide as you must - I speak only the truth. I will first admit that I am far closer to the classless slob end of the spectrum than an appreciator of fine cuisine...I will second admit that I came here on a 'pay what you like' night so I may have never ventured in here otherwise...I will third admit that half the reason my experience was so shit was because everyone else was dying over their food saying it was the greatest thing they had ever tasted...I will fourth admit that I am a vegetarian, so I have zero opinion of the duck or the quail or the lamb or whatever...I will fifth admit that I had no idea what spelt was when I ordered it (not that I really had any choice, this was the only vegetarian option)I will sixth admit that the desserts were more than five stars... Now that I have explained all the reasoning behind my opinion really not mattering to you on the topic - I shall give you my opinion. Seriously? A fucking FIVE STAR restaurant that gets nothing but amazing perfect rave reviews doesn't have anything brilliant and special to offer a non-meat eater in 2012, in a fairly hip city in Europe? Was it horrendous? No. Was it better than a cheese and onion sandwich from Tesco... JUST. Maybe I'm wrong, but I think it's pretty standard to make sure there's a couple of decent options for veggies on the menu and this place didn't, at all. Not to mention the ONE option wasn't even an option at all, it was an appetizer turned meal. Maybe having one option would have been fine if it wasn't so obvious that no one gave a shit about that option (and in turn in my mind people who don't eat meat) and the duck was going to be perfection defined.The quail was going to make you orgasm with joy. The lamb was going to melt in your mouth.The steak was going to be heaven on a fork.And the spelt was ALWAYS going to be crap in comparison. The dessert made up for it being the worst meal ever... but not enough.
5	My third venture to Mark Greenaway last night but having also having had the pleasure of meeting the guy last night could help but now take the time to write a review.This for me is one of the finest destination restaurants the city has to offer, for molecular gastromomy that still delivers swesome flavour as well as style Mark is nothing short of a genuis.Last night I was lucky enough to try the dish he presented to the Great British Menu as well as a selction of amuse-bouche. Duck Eggs bennedict, crab wrapped in avocado.....duck egg with proschuito....very tasty and washed down by the free flowing champagne.To the dish itself, braised pork cheek wrapped in bettroot, hot apple jelly, apple gel, apple blossum and sea buckthorn. Together I though the flavours were all great. If I had a criticism I would like a touch of heat to come from somewhere - horseradish or similar or if there is the play og pork/apple then some crunch for texture.To be fair I am being hypercritical as this is the very highest end of Edinburgh dining, will I be back again? Of course!!Very happy Jd!!
5	WARNING: Must read like a rapper.Champagne flowing in the VIP, While I watch that Mark on that big TV. Surrounded by the bloggers and edinburgh elites, It was a perfect settin' for a meet and greet. He started us off with a canape, appetizer that makes you say  "Hay!'  Can't holla enough about that pork,Put that starter right onto ma fork.So in all what I had was really nice, Fo gods sakes he coulda cooked it fo me twice. Love. Peace. HOLLA!..
5	I was staying at the Indigo Hotel just a few minutes away from Mark Greenaway and when it was time for dinner the weather was, as often is the case, not really the best so it was not a difficult choice to walk the few minutes to Mark Greenaway. I did not know that much about the place before so had no real expectations before.Not sure how the dining scene in Edinburgh normally works but was surprised that the place was fairly empty on a Thursday night but not that it bothered us. It did look a bit fancy and upscale so we did feel that we should perhaps have dressed up but when looking around it seemed as it was not really expected (at least judging from the guest at the few other tables).The service was friendly and efficient,the only thing that was slightly confusing was that we had 4 people involved in our service during the evening. There was a clear difference in skill and knowledge and the sommelier appeared to be the most knowledgeable on both wines and the food so ended up asking him any questions.The food was excellent for everyone. A lot of effort also went into the presentation of the food and while it at times felt as if they were trying a bit too hard everything did taste wonderful. I had the pork belly as a main that was excellent (pate as a starter, also great) and the others at the table were also happy with their choices. Desserts delivered as well. Value for money was excellent and it was without a doubt the best meal we had in Edinburgh.
5	I'm cheating a little to review this from the experience of the Raconteur pop-up bar but it was fab and as I keep raving about it when I go back West, then its about time I Yelp about it.As a bit of a cocktail queen - my former work colleagues nicknamed me the cocktail queen as every suggestion of a night out was responded to by me as 'I know this great bar which does fab cocktails' so I couldn't respond over dodgy wi-fi quick enough when the suggestion of the Yelper visit was posted on the discussion boards.I hadn't visited no12 before but I loved it - all luxurious but cosy and friendly at the same time, and probably after another cocktail, I may have nabbed the chaise in the ladies and refused to move, such was my level of comfort.The cocktails themselves were fab (especially the Grey Goose summer fruits and the Charlie Chaplin - big fan of getting some of my 5-a-day in cocktail form). I actually liked not quite knowing what I was sampling cocktail wise till I tried it ( I would never normally order a cocktail with absinthe in it!) but it was the Mark Greenaway canapes which were awesome.Yelpers were provided with the chicken equivalent of prawn crackers (OMG), home made crisps, curry popcorn (sounds weird but I found it strangely moreish!) and the daddy of them all, the pork belly. The pork belly in sweet chili sauce was to die for - now as someone who is somewhat fat phobic when there is fab on meat (I don't care if it helps the meat cook better), it was a tentative try at first but then I couldn't stop picking at those little bites of heaven. The pork belly was fab and even the fatty bits were melt in the mouth divine and even writing this, I feel as if I'm not portraying its full awesomeness as I could.I'm already trying to work out (in between work visits away) when I can go to sample the full fabulousness of Mark Greenaway's restaurant (luckily Taste is coming up immediately after my next work trip) so more salivating and looking forward to trying more delights :-)
5	Oh Mark, who art at Piccardy Place....Hallowed by thy food.....Yelp did come.......and we were done......by your amazing food. Forgive us this day our belt buckles as we remember those deserts. :o)But seriously, was lucky enough to be on a Yelp table of 18 last night to samply the new menu. And all I can really say is wow. Mark has set some great standards some opening and the food is stunning.My meal....oh well......I started with his take on a Scottish breakfast. Hot smoked salmon, poached qauil egg on fois gras and black pudding on a tattie scone. The fois gras was delicious, the salmon delicious if perhaps in need of a little seasoning.For main I had the aged rump steak with bone marrow jus! This came with slices of truffle and fondant veg. The balance was just right, the tender beef, the truffle the rich jus just wonderful! Very happy JD.For desert I went against the masses and opted for the Tastes of Banoffee, small banana pastry, a bread of banana that was so light it was like candy floss, sugared candy banana, a sauce that looked like a tweel...it was amazing!!! Very happy!Finished it with a whisky and a coffeee and all were agreed as to what a great night we had. And then when all seemed done Mark came to see us and take the aclaim he richly deserves and was kind enough to show us the new bedrooms he is opening above. All I will say is go stay there!!!!A great night with great company. A warm welcome to our new Yelper Sam who has joined us from San Francisco - I forsee many foodie conversations!!!Jd = beyond being a happy man!!
5	Mark Greenaway has a reputation as one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh, and it delivers in a big way.  The food is creative, upscale, and luxurious.  I was fortunate enough to be invited to a special meal hosted by the sponsors of this excellent website to celebrate the fall menu.I had a wonderfully creative starter: smoked scottish salmon, homemade black pudding on tiny tattie scone, and poached quail egg on foie gras (eat your heart out SF!).  The dish was soft and luscious, with dark and smoky notes.  Sadly it was under seasoned, spoiling pure enjoyment.  Overall the perfect execution of each of the elements more than made up for this transgression. My main was an 11 hour smoked pork belly, served with the most velvety canelle of mashed potato, a lovely cabbage slaw, and a few slices of juicy pork loin.  The plate was kissed with a toffee sauce that was pure sweet and salty heaven.  The belly itself was absolutely perfect, soft fat sandwiched between smoked meat and crispy cracklin.  I would have loved a bit more sauce (actually I would have downed a glass of it if offered), and maybe more cabbage or another vegetable on the plate might have helped cut the richness of the meat and mash.  Despite these suggestions the dish itself was a meat-lovers triumph, and I can see why it is one of Mark's signature dishes.Desert was a celebration of chocolate so rich it might have defeated a lesser man.  Luckily I was up to the challenge (ok maybe the wee dram of Caol Ila fortified me a bit).  The presentation was stunning (true of all the dishes really), with a perfectly cooked fondant cake balanced by layered white chocolate mousse wrapped in a delicate chocolate.  Orange caviar rounded out the plate.  The cake was rich, dark, and sinful, perfect 70% cocoa simplicity.  I don't normally like white chocolate, but the mousse was soft and tangy, perfect to cut the richness of the chocolate.  The orange caviar was clever, but could have been integrated better into the dish.Overall an incredible meal, amazingly progressed and well presented.  The quality of ingredients and care in preparation make it easy to overlook the minor flaws in execution.  I will most assuredly be back to see what else Mark has to offer.  Many thanks to Jenny L for hosting us, and to my wonderful dinner companions (Jurgen D, Jackie G to name a few) for conspiring to deliver a memorable evening.
4	Our dinner started with the most amazing amuse bouche (celeriac and hazelnuts and other goodness). I really couldn't get enough of it.Then my starter arrived. LOVE at first sight. A beautiful radicchio risotto with a hens egg. This was lush. Loved it. My main was aged rump with a marrow jus and some roasted veg. I didn't love it. It was good and the technique was all there but the roasted veg wasn't all that and the meat didn't melt in my mouth as I would have expected. My dessert was abstract art on a plate. Broken lemon tart. I didn't really get the concept of it and should've gone with the pear  four ways, which looked amazing. Overall the food was good. It showed great technique and art but I expected a wee bit more flavorwise. Next time I will be going for the pork belly, hands down and the pear.
4	Now, I'm starting (OK, well starting is probably a poor word) to sound like a whinger. And I am not just talking about the review that follows, but I've noticed a trend of contrary reviews. That's ok, I try to keep myself unbiased as best I can, and to that regard, I award 4 stars, a drop from 5. *audible gasp from the audience*There are reasons, oh yes there is, and I still regard MG as some sort of culinary god. But, it's a new menu, and I think it needs to get of it's training wheels. Flavours-wise don't feel quite together yet. Presentation, as always, flawless. Service struggled with a table of 18, but was pleasant throughout, but time between courses was quite long, but I put that down to the sheer effort in presentation, however glasses were rarely empty (although my other half did observe as he didn't drink wine, he wasn't offered anything else to drink bar water). I came away with the same satisfied feeling as before and did have a fabulous evening, but perhaps with less wow involved. So apart from time, the amuse bouche - celeriac (yum) and the flavour in the espuma packed a punch, but not quite sure red amaranth and a very surprisingly solid hazelnut matched in either flavour or texture. Starter: crab cannelloni and smoked cauliflower custard. Presentation was... just .... awesome. An inspirational dish. But... it was so cold there were ice crystals inside the cannelloni (which with the spinach butter acting as the pasta, it made sense to be so cold) which I didn't particularly enjoy. The display of releasing the applewood smoke and the flavours in the smoked cauliflower custard was fantastic and surpassed the cannelloni itself. For my main, I went for the hake. I will note, which I hadn't noticed on my previous visit, that there is a major lack of vegetarian meals - starter, yes, but not main course, which I do find curious. In that manner, I am of course, biased. The hake was beautifully cooked, and I do recommend that the broth is added, it was delicious. The purple potato mash was the best item on the plate (with a nod to Bodger and Badger, I do love me some mashed potato) - the flavour in the potato were beautifully captured. I did notice that mashed potato was a popular theme in the dishes around me as well. Again, I am mesmerised by the detail in the dish in front of me. Finally, as I couldn't really say no (similar to last time really) to desert and this time, went for the broken lemon tart. That was a fun looking dish! It reminded my (looks-wise, not flavour) of Bassetts Liquorice Allsorts. The lemon tart pieces were fab, and shortbread base, packed full of buttery goodness. I *think* there was a lemon ice cream - that didn't really stand out for me, flavours were too close to the tart to be discernible - and coconut jelly, which to be honest, had attracted me to the dish in the first place - but it was utterly lacking in flavour - definitely felt like a dud. A week on though, the sharpness of the lemon tart sticks more in my mind. And I am not thinking about the fact I ate jelly for the first time in a long time (veggie no no, I am a bad girl as i didn't check for gelatine). Anyway, overall, if you went to MG for a beautifully presented meal, which is executed flawlessly, you won't be sorry. And I suspect, that if I returned in a few months time, or longer, that the meal I had tonight will have changed and improved. New babies need to learn to crawl, and this menu is no different.
5	One of the finest dining experiences
5	Go Yelpers, go Yelpers, go! 69 North Castle St for Restaurant Mark Greenaway is open for business and it is divine! OMG it was beautiful and everything I had been waiting less than patiently for! I had never visited Librizzis, the previous incarnation of the site but I was uber excited that Mark was finally opening again. I wanted to pork out on piggy so badly and on a snowy Edinburgh night I got my wish.This was opening night but things ran smoothly with lovely, attentive staff. The restaurant has a different layout to no12 Picardy Place but the teal walls, dark stained wooden floors and gorgeous windows gave the restaurant a lovely intimate atmosphere (which clearly worked on one couple who snogged constantly between courses). The downstairs will be getting worked on with awesome plans afoot for the private dining room :-)Loic the sommelier was fab, fabulous knowledge and recommendations and the wine cellar is awesome. Way back in the day, the building was a bank (RBS) and now Loic has commandeered the former bank vault for a wine cellar. We visited and tried a gorgeous pinot noir (v light with almost a slight edge of white citrus) but Jackie G wasn't quite ready to go full red and we ended up sharing a gorgeously refreshing sauvignon semillion. Being the generally depressing month January is, we were both set on pud before we arrived so we ordered mains and pud, rather than 3 courses which was just enough. A shallot amuse bouche with basil oil was brought for us to have and it was lovely. Forming and warmed, it was literally tantalising our taste buds for what was to come. Yep, the pork belly is still on the menu and is my idea of pig heaven! I could have tried something else but being so fat phobic about meat, having pork belly which melts in the mouth is simply amazing and with Mark out of the scene for a couple of months, I would have killed for this dish. Combined with the caramel apple jus, savoy cabbage, apple cubes and pomme puree, I was literally in pig heaven! I had tried some of Jackie G's Aberdeen angus and it was gorgeous! Big slab of meat, cute little potato croquettes and gorgeously sticky and meaty bone marrow, complete with a lovely rich bone marrow gravy - yum!We did do our plates justice but had a bit of a break to re-group before plunging into the dessert menu. I had the jam jar (pic posted) and as the snow kept coming down, it wad the perfect comfort food on a cold night. Plum compote, custard foam and rice pudding, it was just so yummy. A pear sorbet presented on the jar lid with a caramelised plum strip on top was gorgeous! Jackie went for the chocolate torte which was fab - sticky ginger drops, kumquat, dark chocolate and what tasted like space dust lite version (which buzzed nicely in the mouth) was fab too! Loic came over after we discussed having digestives. A gorgeous Aussie dessert wine was provided for us to sample which Jackie went for and after spying port, I couldn't resist. Our drinks and a chat with Mark and Nicola rounded off a fabulous night. I'll definitely be back v soon - food was gorgeous and I have to say, OMG, still stands for (breathy voice) Oh Mark Greenaway...
4	i've been having a serious debate as to how to write this review.  when looking at the rest of the reviews before i went to dinner at mark greenaway, i knew it was going to be good but was the hype going to be better than the actual dinner.  i had been both looking forward to dinner at mark greenaway and also a bit worried.  it seems that when i go some place yelpers rave about i seem to leave a little disheartened as my experience wasn't rave worthy.  but that said mark greenaway was amazing!  the food was just wow!!!  it was beautiful on the plate and beautiful to taste!!i started my meal with the red wine and radicchio risotto with a poached hens egg in the middle.  the risotto was creamy and packed fun of taste but breaking open the egg and mixing in the runny yolk made this dish even more fabulous.  i almost wish i'd ordered the larger portion just to have had extra risotto to mix the yolk with!!  for main i had the pan fried hake topped with a lobster tortellini, side of purple mash, and spring onion and ginger broth.  oh and there was delicious cubes of pumpkin as well!!!  the hake was cooked beautifully and just flaked apart.  the purple mash was divine, so creamy and a lovely shade of purple.  but the best part of this dish was the single lobster tortellini that sat atop the hake.  i saved this for last and was not disappointed.  biting into it there was loads of lobster soaked in a lemony sauce and it was just divine.  if only i could have had a whole plate of these!!i went a bit untraditional for the dessert and had the cheese platter.  as much as i love dessert, when i'm out fine dining i always go for the cheese as it's just too good to resist!  i was quite pleased that i had five different cheeses to try, all a very large slice, with some frozen grapes, quince paste, and some poppy seed thins and oatcakes.  the cheese was lovely and i really enjoyed this while everyone else had their sweet desserts.  to finish i opted for a peppermint tea which came with a lovely assortment of petit fours!  the brownies were mmmmmmmmmm!!  i thought it was a nice touch as i still got a small sweet for after my meal and they came at no extra cost.so yes the food was lovely, so excuse me while i make this a bit longer and explain why it was 4 stars and not 5.  mark greenaway is aimed at fine dining standards and i felt that this fell a bit short.  i know that they only had 10 days to do the refurb and open the restaurant but this showed as the place feel short of the decor perfection that is required of this type of restaurant.  it was nice, but just felt like it was rushed.  then there was the music... ugh this actually really irritated me.  it was loud and didn't seem to have a common theme and i felt like it really intruded on the atmosphere.  i'm not sure if this was due to the fact that we were the only diners in the restaurant and i wouldn't have noticed the music had the place had a bit more buzz to it.  they also seemed to have a wee bit of stocking issues as we ordered two bottles of red for the table and when someone asked for another glass when the bottles had been finished the sommiler had to tell her that they actually didn't have anymore.  i found this odd as a restaurant of this standard just shouldn't run out of a type of red wine after only two bottles.  i think for me, mark greenaway is on a journey.  they've only just re-opened at a new premises and while the food is still divine the restuarant is not quite there yet.  my hope is to go back in six months and see it completely settled in and i can update my review with 5 stars.
5	Since my previous two reviews of Restaurant Mark Greenaway, it has moved location to it's own, independent premise, the menu has been updated slightly with  new options for me to debate over when choosing, but the quality of dining - both in ambiance, and the food itself - has remained as high as ever.The new space is stunning. The building used to be a bank, and so has the beautiful cornicing and old-world feel. For some reason, it feels slightly Parisian to me. It could be the dark wood and green-velvet chairs contrasted with the sharp, steel feature on the wall. Or the etched glass lampshades that are clustered on 3 chandeliers in the middle of the room, giving a soft yellow light, to the dark blue and grey walls. Compared to the previous venue, this one is so much more fresh (it looks beautiful in the day too, perfect for lunch) and still intimate. I do think when it comes to fine dining, the restaurant space and ambience makes a big difference, and the new space really earns 5 stars itself as the perfect dining room for Mark's cuisine.Before I move onto the food, I must make mention of one new part of the Mark Greenaway dining experience. A complimentary wine tasting in the new wine cellar (housed in the old money vault, the building used to be a bank) with Loic, the in-house sommalier. We were taken downstairs to taste 2 reds and 2 whites, both very different; and recommended which mains to choose for which wine (or vice versa, depending on your priorities). Given we tasted 4 wines before even a slice of bread, it made us all very merry and excited for the meal ahead. The tastings are generous, Loic is enchanting and so enthusiastic about both the wine and food. It made an already complete dining experience exceptional, and stand out from others I've had before. This in itself makes the meal a very special one.As to the food itself? How could it be anything less than 5 stars. The Market Menu remains exceptional value, and is offered in the evening as well. I opted for choices from the main menu however, as I wanted lamb.A starter of Cured Stonebass with Pickled Langoustines and Crispy Squid. The Langoustines were wonderfully different. They had the texture of a regular langoustine, but had the delicious sweetness from the pickling. And Stonebass is a fish I haven't knowingly tried, but cured in citrus (as I imagine ceviche is) it was perfect with the contrasting crispy squid.Then the lamb. Oh the lamb. Wrack of lamb, with a tasting of neck of lamb and lamb belly. Lamb belly! How have I never tried lamb belly before? So much fatty goodness, it was more flavour per square milimetre of food than I have ever tasted. Cooked to perfection. It's probably worth noting that the mains don't come with many vegetables, which I quite like, but if you do like greens then order a side. But honestly, the dishes work perfectly as they are themselves.And then the desserts. Our table of 11 Yelpers were brought to a hushed silence when the combination of Cheese Platters, Peanut Butter Cheesecakes, and Broken Chocolate Tarts were brought to the table (and one Plum Jam Jar). I believe Mark Greenaway has experience as a pastry chef, and it shows. We all agreed the desserts stole the show. They were made with so much love, craft and care. Even if you're not a "sweets" person I urge you to get a dessert. As they often come 'deconstructed' or broken, you don't quite know what each component is going to be till you try it. Oh, that's orange sauce! And oh pistachio! Ah, and the little circular chocolate discs are the biscuit base, whilst the knot is a pure ganache. Heavenly. Plates were scraped clean, then scraped twice to be doubly sure.And then, the little plates of petit fours were the perfect way to round up a meal. It was a CMYE (Yelp social dinner) where 11 Yelpers had had three courses each, and yet we still politely eyed up the millionare shortbread and chocolate truffle petit fours. I really couldn't fault the meal, food, service at all. From the wine tasting in the cellar before dinner, the way in which the food is presented, the friendly staff, the beautiful decorations. Mark Greenaway remains one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh, and I can't wait to go back.
5	I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to dine at Mark Greenaway with fellow Yelpers a few weeks ago. It was even better than I was expecting. The ambiance was perfect and the staff were very welcoming and kind. I especially enjoyed getting to see the wine cellar and tasting the wines...what a treat!  The food was impecable. I must say that the dessert I had is what stands out most in my mind....peanut butter cheesecake. I cannot remember ever having a better desert. I am in awe of Mark Greenaway and his staff and am really looking forward to returning as soon as I possibly can!
4	They only have one rose wine served by the glass - taste it first!
2	A blast from the past and not really in a good way.Maybe I was expecting more but the experience just fell flat.Nothing was bad, per se, but nothing was that memorable either. First off, the restaurant was stifling and the dining room seemed like a make-shift eating area in a hotel lobby. Even the bar, at the front looked temporary.Service was fine, if a bit distant. Even the poor waiter was sweating profusely. Not something you want to see in a food handler.Ambiance wise, it was quite old fashioned: A huge crystal chandelier, servers in ties and vests, tables pretty close together...  We left with a new name for the restaurant:  Mark Stayaway.The food was fine. Period.It seemed forced and almost everything was served on a glass plate.Many people love this place, it just wasn't my cup of tea. On the plus side, the wine list was surprisingly affordable.
5	Excellent in every way. Service, ambiance, presentation and especially flavor. Everything made to perfection (either meat, fish or vegetable)! If you want a special meal experience whilst in Edinburgh, this is the place.
5	No exaggeration, this might be the best meal I have ever had.  The complexity of the flavours in the millet/popcorn starter was out of this world, and this wasn't even what the waiter recommended.  The vegetables chosen to accompany the monkfish main course managed to deliver a unique and different taste with each bite without ever overwhelming the underlying flavour. In my opinion that was mega-impressive.I deducted a star because the decor / atmosphere was a tiny bit staid but promptly gave the star back because the dessert knocked me off my seat with delight and the service was immaculate.I know this review sounds a little melodramatic but it really is this good.
4	Every year for Christmas my work treats us and our partners to a fabulous night out (I say every year, I've been twice now) and this year was no exception!I was really excited when I was told we were going here for dinner as I knew it would be super fancy, and the company always pays for everything so that's a bonus!We were in the private dining room as there were about 17 of us and we were informed that we were the first people to try it out which was pretty cool - they even gave us champagne after our meal because of that which was awesome.Our table was booked for 9pm and wasn't quite ready when we all showed up (about 5 minutes late) but it wasn't too long before it was ready and the staff showed us where to go. I felt that the stairs leading down to the private room (and the toilets for it) were a bit dingy and not very welcoming, but this wasn't really a big deal for me personally.The staff were absolutely brilliant the entire night - we didn't end up leaving the place til well after midnight and they remained cheery and extremely attentive! We were seated at the big square table and given Prosecco while we perused the menu. In true Debs style, I'd already picked out what I was having pretty much as soon as I knew where we were going so I was really looking forward to my food! We were also given bread while we waited which was good as most of us were starving by that point.I had the crab starter (see photo) and it was proper dining theatre - the cannelloni dish sat on top of the smoked cauliflower custard dish to begin with, and when it was removed, smoke which had been kept underneath to flavour the custard billowed out, it was so cool!! The cannelloni was brilliant, really refreshing and light and I could've easily eaten about three of them. Unfortunately I wasn't keen on the custard, it was a bit too smoky and strong for my taste buds to handle but I ate the crab out of it because crab. We were also told which way the chef recommended we eat the dish - that's how you know you're in a fancy place!I had braised beef daube for main and this was pretty substantial! I ended up palming some of it off to the bf and a couple of my colleagues cause they'd already wolfed their turkey (I'm assured it was very tasty!) and by that point it was getting too late for me to handle a heavy meal. The beef itself was well cooked, and the veggies which came with it were also really nice. Although I did feel the beef was slightly lacking in flavour - I had similarly done beef at the Yelp Christmas dinner and I probably actually preferred that! Although I maybe should've just changed my meal up a bit and that might've helped ha.Now the dessert. Oh my. This was definitely a triumph! The treacle tart was very tasty and rich, I love my cakes/desserts and this was probably the course I'd been looking forward to the most, so I was very happy indeed! The honeycomb and tuile biscuit were totally divine as well and the little vanilla lollipop (almost ice cream like in consistency but very smooth!) was a fab touch.As I said before, absolutely cannot fault the service - the staff were constantly filling up our wine/water and making sure everything was ok, and nothing was too much trouble for them. The music they had playing in the room was a tad strange, felt a bit more like we were in a swanky nightclub than a swanky restaurant, but I'm not taking anything away from them for that!!Great for a properly classy dining experience!!
3	We came here for an intimate dinner for two in December.  Since the Christamas menu hadn't much appealed to us, we opted for ordering off the a la carte.The atmosphere is small yet clean crisp tables and quiet conversations by candlelit make the space work.  Staff were welcoming upon our entrance and I liked the meticulously organised bar on view.  It was a cute gesture to have personalised cards to our party on the table waiting for us.We were started off with some Champagne then came the veloute.  It had a nice texture of crisp garnish to the foam of the body and a vibrant contrast of colors.  But other than that, it was an average veloute.      The scallop starter consisted of a raw scallop & an already cooked one served separately on a bamboo serving tray.  I could see the sear on the outside of the cooked scallop was perfectly done but the inside was ever so slightly under.  Minimal seasoning meant a clean aftertaste but the one cooked item of the dish should have been perfectly cooked.  One raw scallop, diced and presented within its shell was the layout I had to pour hot dashi into.  This provided for the theatrical component of the night, as the sizzle of bonito flakes reacted to the hot liquid, and dry ice wispily escaped through the strategically placed river stones.  It was cute, but nothing new.  Scallops were fresh combined with ingredients that worked, but nothing overly impressive.The mains had were the Perthshire red leg partridge and the Aberdeen aged beef fillet.  I enjoyed the partridge and all its little garnishes and trimmings.  The skin separately crisped then rolled back onto the flayed meat pieces, provided for the perfect bite of meat.  The puree went harmoniously with the protein and the croutons did add the nice crunch; however, the overall plate was more a visual dance than a tribute to taste.  Aberdeen fillet was delicious, and a bit carried away.  There was too much going on in that plate, and cannot say all of them worked.  For fine dining, doesn't quite hit the spot.  For atmosphere, its nice but a bit rigid.Something here seemed a tad mismatched for me.  Dishes were slightly outdated and not as innovative for fine dining but prices were fairer than at proper fine dining restaurants.  But then again, this felt more like an attempt at imitating what fine dining should be rather than the menu displaying actual culinary zeal.  It was all a bit boring.  If I want fine dining or even something similar, I'd choose another.  Had a reasonably good experience, but for what it is you can have better elsewhere.
