5	We recently had Automated Food and Beverage install a new Breakroom Provisions Marketplace in our lunchroom at work.  When I first heard about it, I was skeptical and thought "yuck... vending machine food."  Much to my surprise and delight, the food available is anything but ordinary vending machine stuff-  sandwiches, dinners, snacks, a whole array of beverages, fresh fruit, and even ice cream!  The pantry is stocked fresh daily (although some items occasionally sell out), and using it couldn't be easier.  No more inserting a pocketful of quarters into a machine only to have the item you're buying not dispense.  Through an easy checkout kiosk, you can pay by credit/debit card or cash.  You can also preload your card for a "rainy day- I forgot my lunch money" fund.  It operates on the honor-system (although security cameras keep an eye on everything), so you can actually pick up and read the labels on items before purchase.  They offer a wide selection including both healthy items and the guilty pleasures.  It was a hassle leaving work at lunchtime, and now I don't have to.  This is truly the future of the office lunchroom!P.S.  When the Marketplace was first installed, it wasn't carrying something I particularly enjoyed.  They had a sign up indicating where we could submit suggestions or requests.  I did so on a whim but didn't really expect a result.  A few days later they were carrying the item.  Well done!!
5	I have been going to a healing arts school for 4 years and never understood why the vending machine always had crappy snacks that don't reflect the nature of the school.. now It is filled with healthy refreshing beverages such as coconut water and Kambucha.. plus raw food bars and healthy snack options.. I use it almost every day Prices are reasonable and cards are accepted, plus the quality is the best I have seen anywhere.Nice job and Thank you!
5	I rated this "as good as it gets" because when it comes to vending... Automated Food and Beverage really is... as good as it gets.  Fresh foods, healthy alternatives, and... if you want to be bad, there are some delectable choices in that arena too.  And...purchasing these items are as easy as scan and swipe.  Seriously.  I can think of no other better vending system for an office/company and their employees.  Just fabulous!
5	Automated Food and Beverage has been a lifesaver at my workplace. We are located near the Biltmore where EVERYWHERE gets busy at lunch, and there is no real alternative to going out if you did not pack your lunch. Since getting the Micro Market, our employees have stayed around during lunchtime and worked because it is so much more convenient and the offerings are all unique. I have heard several compliments about the fresh food, some people rely on it as their lunch on a daily basis. Steve and Troy have been phenomenal to work with and to get the right products for our employees. The set up time of the Micro Market was rather quick and painless o my part. Steve is so easily reached and will do anything to help out, even if its after hours or on the weekend. I particularly like the different offerings that are gluten and dairy free. It is nice to see an array of food items, rather than the usual Circle K offerings. Cambucha has been a big hit here as well as the Steaz teas. I would highly suggest this service! It has been nothing but great for us.
5	I'm a big fan of Automated Food and Beverage. We're trying to promote a healthy workplace so we ditched our vending machine supplier and brought in Automated Food and Beverage's awesome micro-market. Our employees LOVE the selection, the fresh food, the ability to request items and the variety of options. It's so nice to have healthy options, like fresh fruit, right here in the office. Not only is the quality of the food good, the service is outstanding. They keep a close eye on fast moving items and stock up to prevent sell-outs.
