4	Three years ago, I would drive for 20 minutes to fulfill my fro yo fix, and now I can practically find one on every corner. With that intro, let me welcome the newest yogurt to enter the block; Menchies, While waiting to go into a meeting today, I checked out the latest shops to enter Scottsdale Quarter and noticed this new shop staring at me from my car. It's got prime real estate on the corner and right by H & M which I think is pretty fitting to the brand. I entered and was immediately greeted by an enthusiastic staffer. I asked for some sample cups and she asked me which flavors I would like to try and got them for me. Although this is a self serve yogurt shop, I've noticed that some run by this regulation where only the staffers can pour the samples. However, it's a complete hit or miss with each shop I visit. So, I tried several flavors and as I made my frocision on flavors, took note of the following:1. Creamy good. Their yogurt tastes like solid cream. 2. They have several fat free options, but be sure to pay attention because not all the flavors are fat free...only a couple. 3. They have a decent amount of toppings in dainty little covered containers. 4. They have a loyalty card so be sure to grab one if you plan on making several visits: buy nine and get the 10th free. 5. Randomly enough, they sell chap stick at the front for around $1.80. I guess you never know when chap lips will hit!?6. The prices are relatively decent. I paid around $2.00 for my snack. And here are a couple final thoughts:I typically could down a gallon of frozen yogurt if my will power had a day off, but today I actually couldn't psychically finish my dinky little cup of it! I didn't even get that much of boysenberry and chocolate mix, but the flavors are so heavy and creamy that a couple bites seriously feeds my addiction and fills me up. Along the lines of heavy frozen yogurt, I felt like I was in the frozen yogurt episode of Seinfeld where they claimed the yogurt was fat free until everyone started gaining weight and Ellen took it in to be tested. There is nothing fat free tasting about this frozen yogurt and it tasted like I had just eaten ice cream rather then a healthy frozen snack. So with that I say goodnight and will see you again Menchies!
1	The staff was friendly. That's about the only thing that was good about this place.The frozen yogurt was not good. The people working there also didn't know what active cultures were. There was also hardly any seating inside the place.We will not be returning, especially since there are so many other great frozen yogurt places in Scottsdale.
3	It's another fro-yo place popping up in town.  For my husband the best part is that they have waffle cones, which so far we have not seen anywhere else.  The rest is pretty much same as others.  I'll go back only if I'm in the Scottsdale Quarter.
5	Self serve yogurt places are so much fun and this does not disappoint.  Tried the pomegranate &  raspberry , mango sorbet, blueberry acai and plane. All of them are great and are even better on a hot day.
4	I finally decided to give Menchie's a try.  Situated on a highly trafficked area in Scottsdale Quarter, they've somewhat mastered the art of getting people in and out in a timely fashion.  One walks in and circles around the cash register, beginning with grabbing a cup, trying the flavors, loading up on toppings and then paying. It's a small space but it seems to work. It's one if those where they don't trust the customers to get samples themselves; I find this counter-productive to the fact that it's "self-serve" once you settle on a flavor.   There's a good selection of flavors but very few non-fat options. On the plus side,  the flavors are rich and most of them spot-on; a little bit goes a long way.I chose dulce de leche with a little milk chocolate. Both were rich, creamy (but not over the top creamy) and packed with flavor.   Next come the toppings, which are organized in neat little compartments, each with its own spoon.  I liked the inclusion of non-fat granola in addition to the "old fashioned" form.  The containers of fruit toppings were filled to the brim, and there are hot toppings in addition to the standard Ghirardelli ones in pump bottles.  Marshmallow cream?  Hot fudge? Oh my!This particular Saturday night there was live music--a teenaged boy with an amazing voice playing an electric keyboard--a unique touch to get people through the doors.It's best to park in the garage just south of the building; finding a spot on the street can be a nightmare, especially with the congestion from the surrounding restaurants and nightlife.
3	What sets Menchies apart from the rest? Was it their circular store layout or was it their inefficient toppings bar?They must have paid a leg and an arm to secure a pretty decent location in the swanky lot of Scottsdale Quarters.  The one thing that can definitely be improved upon is the counter space where the toppings reside.  During my last visit, this area felt kind of congested as a slew of patrons suddenly crept up after me.  I rushed my decision on what could go with what which resulted in a mediocre, mix and mash satisfaction.  I prefer to just take my time and figure out my desired blend!The froyo itself was comparable to other places.  I'm not a connoisseur in this particular food, but they may have had one or two unique flavors in their froyo line up.If you are ever lurking around Scottsdale Quarters after dinner or a day of shopping and have an itch for froyo, look no more.
4	So many yogurt places so little time,  especially when it's hot outside. This place is tiny but they have good tasting yogurt. The toppings are just ok, they could be better organized or displayed in a more appealing fashion. Now that I think about it I don't even know what the price was per ounce. They didn't give me a receipt and I didn't ask for one oh well, shame on me.
2	I feel bad when I give less then 3 stars but I have to. Tried the strawberry, red velvet, and cookies and creme...each like 2 bites..they felt very frozen to me..i know its frozen yogurt but it felt very frost bitten almost. They have a wide variety of toppngs but the mangos and strawberries I had did not taste fresh at all... I dont think ill go back..sorry menchies :(
2	Well let's see another frozen yogurt shop in the valley....this time at the Scottsdale Quarters. This one won't make my top 10 list of frozen yogurt shops....but it is not horrible.  It is small...quaint....cozy......and the service is pretty good. However it lacks any variety of flavors.....and the color and ambience of the place is not quite fitting for the Quarters. It looks kind of out of place being across the street from H&M and The apple store....but if you yearning for a cold treat it will definitely suffice. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends
4	I've been to several Menchie's locations throughout Southern California and in Las Vegas. They all do the same thing quite well. Self serve fro-yo, relatively clean toppings bar. Friendly staff. Fun atmosphere.I'd give it five stars, except this location was a bit cramped on space. The layout is "in-the-round". As soon as you walk in, you are greeted by cash registers, and you have to go around them to get to the yogurt and toppings stations. It's not a bad thing, unless it's busy. It can be a bit of a clustershuck, but if you aren't in a hurry and are with your folks, it's not really a big deal.Parking can be a bit hairy. It's best to park in the lot just adjacent to the building. If you are lucky, you can find something within the complex. Hopefully, you can parallel park, like me. I'd come back, if I were in the area. Menchie's....you light up my life.
3	When you've had Yogurtland, it's hard to find another yogurt place attractive. I'm afraid I have been ruined, but don't let that affect your experience at Menchies.I like the whole self serve idea, just like Yogurtland, but it seems to miss the mark on quality and variety of toppings. The prices are about the same and the yogurt is just as yummy, but the toppings just don't have the same WOW factor. Not gross by any means, but there is some work to be done.I would head to Menchies if it were close to me, but I'm afraid Yogurtland has won this round.
4	Menchies offers up a rotation of 10 or so flavors and a massive array of toppings allowing you to craft that perfect frozen yogurt. The style of Menchies is more akin to traditional frozen yogurt than to that of the modern Pinkberry and Red Mango. I had the Irish mint twisted with dark chocolate froyo and topped it off with Andes mints, mochi, and a dab of caramel. Healthy? No but definitely delicious. With a wide variety of flavors and toppings, I'd definitely recommend Menchies for that froyo fix.
3	I'm going to start with the positive for a change.  HOT MARSHMALLOW TOPPING!!  That over vanilla yogurt with a smattering of Oreo cookies is my dream concoction.  As usual, that's not what I created.  Instead I had dulce de leche and some other not that great flavor in the mix screwing it all up.  But that's not really Menchies' fault.  So I add a star for the hot topping bar, which also includes a chocolate and a caramel I think.Unfortunately, that's the extent of my being impressed.  The circular layout is terrible since the register, and subsequently the line of people waiting to pay, butts up (literally) against people at the topping bar.  Now the toppings being stored in cute little covered containers seems like a good idea, but I think it really just adds to the time it takes to get through the line.Also, don't bother with the brownie bites.  They just bulk up the weight and they were stale when I went.  There's very little seating and the parking at SQ is just not worth it IMHO.  To end on a positive note.  The yogurt was perfectly good, and I wouldn't hesitate to go back the next time I find myself at SQ, especially for that marshmallow topping!
3	Not a bad place but definitely not a wow!  Grab some fro yo and watch the people go by at Scottsdale Quarter.
3	First of all, my apologies for my dad's self-serve frozen yogurt etiquette tonight.  I won't go into detail, but it wasn't pretty!I've been to this Menchie's on several occasions, and it's perfect if you find yourself at Scottsdale Quarter in the mood for  fro-yo.  It is, however, a very small store and feels a bit cramped, especially if you go during the "after dinner rush."  They do have a decent selection of flavors and toppings, but they are on the pricier side when it comes to frozen yogurt.  I'm sure they need to be since I can't imagine the rent at SQ is cheap, but I'd much prefer paying 37 cents an ounce at Yogurtland than the 49 cents an ounce that Menchie's now charges. This Menchie's is not the cleanest fro-yo place around either... we sat down at a sticky table tonight to enjoy our dessert.Regardless of the above, this place is A-OK.  Tonight I enjoyed my cup of original tart and grapefruit tart fro-yo topped with skittles, and in the past, I've enjoyed their creamier flavors and variety of toppings.  Now I'm just hoping that the sugar from tonight's dessert will help induce labor since today was my due date and the baby is still nice and comfortable in my belly... :)
4	I love fro yo and I frequently satisfy my taste buds at any opportunity I get. Menchies gets high reviews because of its unique flavors that I can't find at other yogurt joints.  The Thai tea flavor I got last time blew my mind. They always have a good variety of tart, sweet, and fruity flavors. They have a lot of options of toppings and I love their HOT fudge. They are also very friendly.
5	I adore Menchies. It is the best frozen yogurt. I screamed with joy when I saw we had one so close to our new home in Scottsdale. I tried it several times on a visit to California and became totally obsessed. They have great milk free sorbet. It is self serve which can be dangerous for portion size. The staff is always friendly. Ask about a club card to get points for free yogurt and register online for bonus points.  I love you Menchies!
5	Mojo's was my favorite till I tried Menchies..much better flavors like Chocolate Covered Banana and even Pumpkin (awesome) for their seasonal!  Lots of flavor, very rich, clean & priced at about what they charge at mojos..maybe a little more but Im not sure!
2	Came in here on a cold day just because I love frozen yogurt and have been to a few Menchies in the past.First off let me say that the staff were extremely helpful and knowledgeable when it cam to gluten free.Flavors were a decent selection and so were the toppingsBut, this is where the good part ends...The products consistency was way off base, way too firm like crystallized icicles. They said that this happens sometimes, but that is no excuse for mediocre product.I would recommend to go to 1 of three places in this order1) Yogurt Land2) Yogurtology3) Tasti D LitePrice was pretty high too for this caliber product and in general.
2	Overpriced. Bad flavors. Not nearly as good as Yogurtology or Yogurtland. I think their yogurt is a bit icy. I never get toppings, so I can't comment on that.
4	Went here for the first time last week and ever since I have been craving more frozen yogurt. This place is just great. It is a self serve and they have a ton of different flavors to choose from. The yogurt was delicious and at a reasonable price. Cant wait to go back again.
4	Love Menchies!  I've been a fan already at the Menchies in Redondo Beach, CA so I was ecstatic when one opened in Scottsdale!  A new flavor is presented often and the choices are fantastic!  I especially like the choices for toppings, both fresh and preserved.   The staff are super friendly and helpful.  A little tip, the restroom is super clean here!  And lastly, if you check into Yelp before paying, you get a special discount!!!  Woohooo!!!!
4	The yogurt place is in the new Scottsdale Quarters which is a really nice outdoor shopping area.  The yogurt and toppings are good.  The staff are very friendly which is nice.  They gave us a 10% discount for checking in with Yelp.  I'd recommend it if you lke frozen yogurt.
2	If you've been to one self soft serve yogurt store, you've been to them all.  That is unless you go to Menchies where they offer REALLY soft serve.  Both times we tried this place the yogurt was more like thick soup than frozen yogurt.  Yes we got the Yelp discount, but that was the saving grace for this place which won't be around much longer unless it gets its act together.
4	Last night was my 2nd time going to Menchies. Definitely enjoyed it!They have a cool circular-shaped space right in the middle of the beautiful Scottsdale Quarter.Their flavors are really excellent. I got the "grasshopper" (which is Mint), Mud Pie (which tastes exactly like the real thing), and the cheesecake flavors. Those 3 flavors worked together pretty well :)They have a great selection of toppings and nice staff. My favorite is still Yogurtland, but I would go to Menchie's any day!
3	I went to Menchies for the first time this week & thought it was pretty good. I liked that they had sample cups out in the open; some other shops I've been to seem to be quite stingy with them. The flavors they had were pretty unique as well. I mixed mango & coconut tart together and headed to the toppings bar. Not the biggest by any means, but had just what I needed.Save 10% by checking in on Yelp!
5	Spectacular frozen yogurt and amazing service!!! Great cheesecake and cake batter flavor and a wide selection of delicious toppings!! Awesome place the manager and girl working at the register were super friendly and sweet!!Also by checking in with Yelp we were awarded with a 10% discount!! Always great!!!
4	Great place to grab a decent snack , I'm a huge fan of being told to have a smiley day every time I'm there.
5	Better than any other yogurt places I've tried in Scottsdale (Red Mango, Yogurt Builders, Mojo's, etc) !
4	This was the creamiest, dreamiest froyo I have ever had. Yumyumyum. It was a bit more expensive at 49 cents an ounce as opposed to 39 or 42 like most places, but I just got less of it which probably helped me save my calories.
5	My official favorite frozen yogurt place of Scottsdale!Good variety of flavors, great prices, clean and convenient location, and friendly staff.  What more could you ask for out of frozen yogurt??
4	I am a big fan of Menchie's, mostly because it always has a low-carb option and (in most cases) a sugar-free option. The only reason I can't give this Menchie's 5 stars is only that it has more limited offerings than a typical, full-size location. I was particularly disappointed that this location does not have sugar-free hot fudge, which is my favorite thing about Menchie's. I'm sure the limited offerings here is due to the smaller-than-average physical space. I can understand that -- the rent here must be very high. Having said that, I think you should know going in that this location has about 8-10 less flavors, and more limited topping offerings, than a typical Menchie's.
3	Been here a few times. The place is really small with one person only working the register. It's like all the yogurt places. Good yogurt. Good toppings. I don't know how they keep it so clean with one person working there but kudos to them. The one disappointing thing about this place is the girl working the register. She's always just standing there taking you're money. Not a lot of emotion. But hey. It's in the perfect spot after shopping or dinner to get a nice refreshing desert.
3	Our son wanted ice cream and this was the only place close to it.  They have giant cups for you to put your yogurt in.  The son chose strawberry lemonade.  He enjoyed it.  The husband shared with him and didn't fill the cup up.  With tax, our bill was $1.87.  It was dead inside, we were the only customers.  Check in with Yelp and receive 10% off your order!
5	Love it awesome go there at least 3 times a month .  Very clean great toppings and sitting outside in a great atmosphere
3	Pistachio great!  Peanut butter not :-(  waffle cone!  But slightly stale:-(  So a mixed bag.  It seems to get by simply on location, being right across from the busiest Apple Store in AZ.
5	Great service. Yogurt is better than all around!! I'm definitely coming here more. Yum
2	What can I say? They were either out of yogurt or the flavors they were featuring was TRULY FUNKY. Not a place I would ever bring my kids again to. Sigh. I've had better. Sigh.
5	It was good frozen yogurt. Check in through Yelp for 10% off.tags/keywords: coupon discount
2	Very crowed, out of regular chocolate (I'm sorry what??), found most flavors overly sweet, need more fresh toppings, need to embrace more traditional flavors (or at least have them available!), its a frozen yogurt joint. Chocolate sauce was a huge let down, ruined my froyo. Did not do it for a late night snack, rather go to grocery store and pick up a tube of more delicious ice-cream than spend 3x more money.
2	The waffle cone isnt free.  The store should be fined for false advertising.  They measure the cone on the weigh machine so they jack you.  $10 for a small amount of yogurt is pwnage
4	Located inside of the Scottsdale Quarter, this Menchies has a great spot for people watching and outdoor seating to enjoy the weather if it's nice out!  The staff here is always friendly and they always offer us samples of the newest flavor when we come in.  I usually stick to my staple, chocolate yogurt - but this time I topped it with fresh strawberries and whipped topping.  It was a great decision.  The strawberries were tasty and you could tell that they were really fresh and the whipped topping was sweet, but not overwhelming. We were able to sit outside at one of the several tables and watch people go by and some fancy cars drive up and down the rows.  Not a bad way to relax for a few minutes and take it all in.  The only downer about this location (and the quarter as a whole) is the parking.  They have some great garage spaces, but they are at the opposite ends of the main strip and the crosswalk to the commons is a bit of a distance from them as well. Really not bad on a nice day, but when it gets warmer, this makes it a little less likely for us to hit up this particular spot!Overall: ANice staff, good array of toppings, fun people watching!
3	Definitely an A-OK stop off for some quick and easy fro-yo with a good variety of options for flavors, toppings, and sauces.  The cashier was quick and friendly with a hello on the way in and quick check out to keep the line moving.  People watching here can be interesting and fun since this location is in the middle of the Scottsdale Quarter.  There are a wide variety of people that come and go through here. It's nice to be able to grab some cool-down yogurt while shopping around and maybe even a good alternative after eating at one of the local restaurants for a grab and go dessert!
3	I love yogurt! This place has different selections each time that I visit. I wanted a specific flavor, but none would flow out of the valve. Must have been too frozen. At any rate, I choose another... Three more actually. The fruit is always fresh and the toppings are always stocked. The staffs' attitudes can be adjusted tho...
4	They have some of the creamiest frozen yogurt I have had (most likely they don't add water). They have a fair amount of flavor choices, but I am not a fan of the tart favors. I want my "ice cream" sweet. They could use more topping choices. Overall, I'm a fan!
4	YUH-MEE!  They have great and different flavors of yogurt. And their toppings bar has SO many choices! Good for a quick dessert stop after a meal at Scottsdale Quarter or before a movie at iPic :-)
3	I have to say yogurtland is my fav..the flavors taste great and the yogurt has a creamy texture as if its ice cream...there has been a few times that they only had a few selections of flavors and i ended up just walking out. I do go to this place often cuz it is a cool hang out place and sometimes the flavors are pretty good..so menchies please get some more flavors and then i don't have to travel along way to yogurt land...:)
1	About average Fro-Yo spot no real complaints except they could have a bit of a better selection of fresh fruit toppings.  Now the following is not a complaint but rather a funny yet stupid experience story.On a Saturday night I got a craving for some Fro-Yo  so I yelped the closest place hopped in my car (since you have to drive everywhere in Arizona) and took a drive there to pick up some fro-yo.  I picked my flavor and toppings and went to the cashier to weigh and pay. Sounds about normal so far ? well when I decided to ask the cashier for a spoon and a lid he proceeded to give me a lengthy explanation about how they are using "special cups" for this month and that they decided not to order any lids because you have to order the lids by the thousands and it wouldn't be cost effective.  I literally was so speechless  all i could do was laugh.  I mean that is hysterical.  I have never heard of a business literally deciding to go without an essential piece of supplies for an entire month. So basically for the entire month October they plan to not have any lids available for their customers to cover there fro-yo when they take it to go.  LOL Amazing.Update*** Just tasted the fro-yo ate 2 spoon fulls and threw out nasty yuck!.  Tastes like frozen slightly flavored water disgusting . They really need to invest in better fro-yo mix.
