5	After reading Ann's review, I felt the need to write about my wonderful experience at Nordstrom Rack a few days ago. I want to start out by saying this is by far the best and cleanest Nordstrom Rack location I have ever been to.  I went in with my wife and son. Everybody there was very helpful and friendly.  In the kid's department, I was helped by both Barbara and Heather. They were both easy to talk to and really wanted to show us some of the merchandise they had just gotten in. Next we went to the men's department and Casey and Brandon helped me pick out a new pair of Mek jeans.  They had a great selection and I will definetly be back in again soon. This particular location had great employees that were happy to help.
5	Great store! It was closing time and I just needed to pick up one item. The manager was so nice and let me in to grab what I needed. He went an extra step to help out a customer when it would have been easier just to say "Sorry, we are closed" and shut the door. Even though it was after hours, ALL of the staff were in a good mood and very friendly. Also, the store is clean and well put together. Lots of merchandise. Good location in the Arrowhead area with tons of other shopping very close. From the phone rep to the manager to the cashier all of the staff is super friendly and helpful. I will definitely keep shopping there....!
5	Always great deals to be found!
5	The Rack is my favorite place to shop.  This Arrowhead store is great, because it is better organized than other Rack locations.  It is easy to figure out where things are located and sizes almost always in the correct location.  Highly recommend
4	They have a lot of clothes and good shoes.  Definitely one of the better racks I have been too.
5	I Absolutely LOVE this place! It is so much more than what I expected, its organized, neat and clean with High-end Fashion! The lady that checked us out, Helen, was sweet and helpful.We even had to return a pair of sneakers and with NO questions asked, we exchanged them...Gotta Love that!I will definitely Return!
1	I don't think I'll be shopping here anytime soon. I bought two very nice shirts that I was only able to wear once! I was very disappointed. The day I bought the shirts I washed them and then wore them later that week. As I was wearing the shirt all of a sudden the beads on my shirt started falling. I tried to stop it but the string they were on just kept coming undone the more I tried fixing it. I ended up just taking the shirt off. The same thing happened with the other shirt as well. I will definitely not spend my money here again.
1	First they don't carry any tall sizes.  Americans are getting taller - proven fact.  Please carry tall sizes.I bought two Calvin Klein pillows today and when I got home and removed them from the zippered case, I noticed Both pillows have been 'marked' in some attempt to not allow them to be returned or something.  The Bar code on the 'Do not remove tag" has a black marker line through the bar code on both pillows.  The Calvin Klein tags on the pillows have been cut through (double sided)  to 'mark' them that they were sold at Nordstrom Rack vs. Nordstrom, I guess.  This makes NO sense to me .... Even though I bought them at the "rack' vs the full service store, you SHOULD NOT have defaced the pillows and especially not the logo.  When I wash them, I am sure the tags are now going to fray and unravel.  Thanks Nordstrom ........  Thanks.Ironically the package lists the now defaced label as a selling point :  "Signature Linen Label" the package boasts.I shopped for a pair of mens jeans here today .... did  I miss something?   $119 jeans marked down to $100 is your 'outlet store' price?    15% off .... what a joke !!!
4	This place can be highly frustrating at times, because it often gets too crowded. However, if you come here first thing when it opens, then it's not so bad. I'm glad to finally have a Nordstrom Rack on this side of town, because I hated having to drive all the way to Scottsdale Road to get to the next closest location. To shop here, you have to be really in the mood to shop and filter through things, because although there is some organization, there are still mixed clusters of similar things on random racks. If you really look hard, you can find some "gems" though. My intent of going shopping today was to find a mother's day gift for my mother-in-law. I wasn't even planning on going to the accessory section, and hidden among the bag racks was a Kate Spade tote. I looked online and the tote was still selling for $165+. However, this store was selling it for less than half that price. Score! It's always hard for me to find unique things and clothes, but sometimes, I'll find those unique items here. When I'm at the regular Nordstroms, I find alot of things I like, but I just don't feel that some items are worth the money, but IF they somehow make it to "the Rack" and IF they have reduced to a more reasonable price, then sometimes, there are things that can be found and worth buying here. You just have to invest the time...
4	Place is great for Jean, at least it was for me.  Found a couple of $150 designer jeans for $75 and my wife found a ton of stuff too.  You have to stop in every 3-4 months to see new stock since the men section is not huge but they stuff they get isn't bad for a discount store with designer names.  We spent an extra 30 minutes in line setting up a Norstrom account with my wife's debit card so we can get $40 to spend and $100 credit toward alterations...so my jeans were altered for free.  Waiting to set it up was annoying and I never get how wasting 30 minutes of a customers time is worth a stupid card for some sort of credit.
4	I'm so happy that this location is open. I think the store will do very well in this neighborhood!The selection is smaller than other Nordstroms racks I have been to but it still very good! The staff here is very helpful and friendly. I like how they just started a new "speed check out" you can actually just walk straight up to any of their team members wearing a green shirt and check out with them instead of waiting in line. (kind cool I thought) I'll be here often i'm sure :0)
5	You gotta love Nordstom's Rack! Great selection of high end cloths and shoes and, usually, about half price. AND you still get to enjoy the wonderful Nordstrom's return policy so you never have to worry about returning ANYTHING for any reason.For instance... I bought a pair of very nice Hugo Boss black loafers last week. I wore them for a full day and got a blister (I'm used to Bruno Magli or Too Boots). Remember these are leather soled and hard leather upper shoes, so when you wear them you can certainly tell.Not a peek. Returned them with a smile. Nordies... I'm smitten.
3	This location is not great but not bad either. Hence, the 3 stars.  The selection is not as broad or high end as the Scottsdale stores, but that just has to do with demographic.  I have on occasion found things at this store that were priced cheaper than the Scottsdale store.  So that's a plus.  But honestly, when it come to the brand selection you think of when you hear Nordstrom, this is not the best of them.
5	Fantastic selection of shoes. I love the fact that they have a lot of choices especially for smaller sized feet! A lot of them were reasonably priced as well.
3	This particular Nordstrom Rack is pretty organized. Most I've shopped in can be a mess. I went during the week so there wasn't really a crowd. Wish there was a bigger purse & accessory selection. Also, I'm not sure if it's just me but this store seems smaller than most NR's.
4	Where have I been that I haven't visited Nordstrom Rack until recently? Shame on me! Great prices and great Nordies tried and true items. I particularly liked the kids section. Great clothes and REASONABLE prices. My kids are looking great at prices I can afford. The staff was super nice and very professional....and I could get my receipt emailed to me. We will definitely be back. Thank you!
5	A girlfriend of mine and I come here all the time and I'm in love.  Whether it's getting higher end make-up, or higher end clothing and shoes, I have yet to find better deals!  The staff is always pleasant, the prices are nice and reasonable, and everything is so easy to find, as the store is so neat and organized.  There is never a long line, because if one starts to build, associates will pull you out of line if you aren't paying cash, and run your card on a hand held machine.  I definitely have to limit my visits. :)
1	I have to say I am appalled at their employees behavior.  I have never been treated with so much hostility in an environment of this kind.  I was a loyal shopper until recently.  One of their employees followed me throughout the store harassing me and accused me of things without regard for my family or my children.  Peggy- the store associate bullied my kids while trying on shoes then offered help.  I immediately accepted so that she would stop harassing me. She then directed me to a mat without helping. I then told her she is not measuring as she promised then she reluctantly complied.  Shortly thereafter she yelled at me in an entirely different section for something completely unrelated.  After this Peggy, the associate, was complaining to another customer about me stating she wanted to call the police.  This was a clear case of harassment.  Peggy continued to discuss our interactions creating a hostile environment and told the other customer to go to the manager.  The other customer was then directing the manager to call the police and then stated "go back to where u came from". This is definitely a society in which I was hoping that discrimination based on sex, race, status was a part of the past however clearly Peggy was stuck in a different era.
4	Nordstrom rack is a great store to buy brand name items at a high discount.Their shoe selection is vast with options for dress, casual, and sporty.Clothing is available in a variety of styles with lots of current options.Accessories like jewelry, sunglasses, bags and luggage are available in abundance.Recently they introduced a brew checkout system where almost any associate can do the process with their handheld devices.This is great for busy weekends or shopping season.They have their own sectioned off lot with lots of spaces.
1	I usually LOVE shopping at Nordstrom - however today's experience with the staff, horrendous !!  RUDE and unhelpful!! (I was trying a pair of shoes on and didn't take the box with me to the mirror so one of the members of staff yelled at me - very embarrassing !!!)I also bought a purse 12/09/2014, which went down in the sale and I was told they wouldn't price adjust it....I had to buy the purse again, go home, drive back and return the other one (very long story short) !! I bought the purse 12/09/2014 today is 12/30/2014 - really?!!! Where is the great customer service we expect to receive from Nordstrom?!! Not at this location that is for sure!!!!! Dana Millard (acting manager & MIC ) was very snotty, sarcastic and down right unpleasant !!!!
