4	So I came across this place when I got lost looking for Polished.  I walked in and there was no one in there.  Finally an Asian lady appeared and asked me what I wanted.  I cautiously asked for a mani.  7 mins later a guy came in and sat down to do my manicure.  At first I was confused but he did such an amazing job that I can't help but rave about it.   I have been back for a pedi and this time I called ahead so he was there ready for me.  Once again he was caring and gentle.  I love that I can tell him exactly how I want my french pedi and he does exactly that.  Also they offer you a bottled water on arrival which is very nice.Pros: cheap (mani =$10, pedi =$18, full set = $22), quiet atmosphere, doesn't rushCons: typical nail place, have to call ahead
3	asian dude with baseball hat = still awesome and a five star guy pregnant asian lady with face mask = worst manicurist ever! she actually made me bleed. then i asked her to be a little more gentle and she told me it was my fault for bleeding because my cuticles were dry...well lady im here to get a mani...obvi they are dry. she kept looking up at the tv and made me feel like i was doing her a favor.  avoid her at ALL COSTS!tip: they take credit card over $10 and you can add tip to it
1	I went to NY Nails with a friend this past Friday afternoon for 2 pedicures and 2 manicures.  I was pleased my my pedicure and opted for the gel manicure, which is where the problems began. I have had gel manicures before, and am aware of how long they should last. The girl cut my nails completely off, and then put the white part of the french tips so thin that you could barely see them.  I didn't complain, and just assumed that since I hadn't interjected I couldn't say much.  In addition, she cut me.Then, on Saturday night the polish started to peel off.  I went back to the salon Sunday morning, which was closed, so I went to another salon to have 4 nails repaired so I could look presentable on Monday at work.  On Monday, two more nails peeled off, so I went back to NY Nails, where I was met with the worst customer service I have ever encountered.  They initially told me they were "too busy" to fix my nails and told me to leave and come back later, so I asked for a refund instead.  The girl agreed, but then walked off, and told me to sit and wait.  Finally, after speaking to another person, they agreed to fix the ones that had peeled but refused to give me a refund, even though I was told that I could have one instead of having the nails repaired.  Then, as the girl was finally fixing my nails, she got up halfway through and started a pedicure on another person.   She came back and checked once, saw the UV light still on, and went to complete the pedicure.  When she finally came back, she asked why I had not come and gotten her when the UV light went off...Again, worst customer service I have ever encountered in a nail salon, and not only will I not be back, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
2	I don't recommend this place! Been here more than 5 times for an eyebrow wax. The owner would usually do it and she always did a great job even though my eyebrows are a little weird. Today she wasn't there and some other lady did them and she is awful. I had to do half the job my self. I definitely didn't get what I asked for and I definitely shouldn't have had to pay the entire amount since I did half the job.
