3	I generally will go to this location due to its convenient location to work. Usually everything here is fine service wise.  I have found on numerous occasions that they will run out of promotional (fb offers) faster than some other locations. The reason for only three stars (besides running low on fb offer items...hello have more stock sent to that location once you notice the trend)  is that recently I have felt that they are turning into "pouncers" at this location.  They more frequently are bombarding you the second you get in the door.  Yesterday the door was not even closed behind me and I was in the middle of looking up an email on my phone and the gentleman team member was right up on me. UGH!  If this turns into their style at this location, I'm gonna say no thanks!
4	I don't do a lot of "Corporate" shopping anymore but I have to say, went here the Saturday before Christmas (and for me that ALONE is amazing!) but the entire staff was awesome and went above and beyond to move me quickly and correctly through the store, to what I wanted and out the door after an easy line and payment process.  This staff rocks it hard!  I was impressed.
3	*I can buy 3 get 2 free!!!!!* I happen to like getting shower gel from Bath and Body Works but the people that work here can be a little obnoxious. And wait, did I say you can buy 3 get 2 free? Are they commissioned? Honestly, when I tell someone I'd just like to browse, I really mean, I'd just like to browse. Perhaps, smell a few fragrances. I don't really need a play by play of every fragrance in the store. "Oooh, that one is fresh!" "How do you like that one... very clean!"  "Oh yessss, sultry!!" "If you buy 3, you can get 2 free!" You realize I can buy 3 shower gels and get 2 free? I mean that is 5 freakin shower gels, how many do I need? The employees are friendly enough but maybe they should back off a little unless the customer explicitly asks for help. P.S. I was at the check out, paying for my soap, honestly just wanting ONE. For old time sake, I was once again asked if I was *sure* I only wanted one. Hey, did you know it's buy 3 get 2 free?
3	Normally don't ship here cause I am not a fan of all the chemicals they use and fragrances, I prefer more natural soy candles. But was at a party recently and the house smelled amazing which the host said was a candle from here, so thought I'd try one. They are having a sale 2 for $22 so since I only wanted the one I figured it wld be the discounted price if I just got one, not! One is $20. I don't like that that is how they run their sales. We will see what I think of the candle and if ill be back, doubt it.
2	I am a frequent BBW shopper for their home scents. I will not return to this location (even though it's most convenient).  What happened to customer service?  I missed a sale by hours and "Kevin" refused to honor it for me. I know this is possible but instead he took my shopping bag and let me leave the store empty handed.  I felt like a child being scolded!  I happily went to the Scottsdale quarter and they honored the sale for me. Do the right thing people!
