5	I actually stumbled upon American Video and Security by mere accident. Not even a month after moving here, I had an attempted break-in.It took me about a week to finally leave my condo. I was so scared.A friend suggested I look into a security system and after calling several companies, I gave up due to contract issues and other reasons.One night, I was on Craigslist and decided to type in "Security Systems".I came across Bob Bowers Ad... he was contacted the next day.On the phone, Bob had a very understanding disposition. After a day or so, met with Bob in person and proceeded with the paper work for my new and very affordable American & Video Security System.The following Monday morning at 9, AVS Technician, Todd shows up with all his equipment in hand, he brought his own mini power vac! Bob even stopped by my condo to make sure all was going good, how awesome is that?!It took Todd a good 4.5 hours to install my new 2GIG Alarm System. He then proceeded to fully explain how to use it! Now, first... let me tell you... I am not very savy on New Technology but, Wow! I actually understood it. The Beautiful Alarm Panel is so sweeeeeeet!I even contacted the 2GIG company to thank them as well!After Todd left, I can't begin to tell you how I felt!  I purposely opened and closed doors and windows just to hear the warning Chime sound. There is nothing like the feeling of actually, feeling safe. Especially in a place where I only know a few people.That night, I had the most restful nights sleep I've had in a long time.I thought about it and realized it took a near tragedy to find American Video and Security . I hate to say it but, it was worth it.I now own my system, when I move... Todd will come and uninstall the system and reinstall it in my new place.You couldn't ask for anything better than that...~Thank you Bob Bowers for your Craigslist ad.~Thank you Todd, for installing my new 2GIG system.~Thank you American Video and Security System for being here!Angel Wright
1	Do NOT use this Security Company.We were obligated to a 3 year commitment when this company took over the original one we signed up with. People who answer the phone after hours are NOT informed about how their own security systems work and did not know what "FC" meant on the alarm box. It seems as though they use a regular answering service for calls after 4pm, because the people with whom we spoke with didn't have a clue how to answer any of our questions. Messages we left after business hours were not returned. When our alarm was recently triggered, the person on the other end could not help us turn it off.When communication failed between our unit and this company, there was no follow-up...and they continued to charge us $40.00 per month. When we did finally talk with someone about our system, we were given an estimate of $200.00 just to come out and look at their OWN equipment.With ALL the competition out there, this company has lost our business....because of the service they do NOT provide.
1	We moved to Las Vegas at the end of 2012. We purchased a new home in Feb of 2013 and wanted a security system in place before we moved in. We researched  companies in Las Vegas and AVS got our attention because of good reviews & a phone call with someone who implied he was the owner. (We found out later the company had been sold years before. all the good review were from the previous owner)The estimator came in, told us she was inexperienced and when we asked questions she had to call the office! That should have been a hint, but we gave her the benefit of the doubt and went ahead with the contract and installation. Installation was excellent, things nicely installed. We upgraded our system from the standard keypad to the new Tuxedo Touch keypads (2) which gave us the ability to add components and automate our home and use our smart phones, computer etc. Once installed, that was the end. The tech they kept sending did not know how to correctly program the system. My husband kept calling AVS because the system was not working correctly. After many tech visits and emails the problems were not resolved so my husband called the manufacturer, Honeywell, who would not speak to us because we were under contract with AVS and they sent us back to AVS, who could not fix it!  At one point the system which  works with smart phone technology would not work on my phone and we were told my phone was defective. The tech after calling the office and discussing it with the office staff, concluded I needed a new phone! Wrong! We tried everything we could to get resolution and continued to pay the monitoring fee. We emailed, we called, and my husband, the staff and the manager got into shouting matches over the months because of their failure to fix it. We wanted to add components to the system but the our problems were not addressed. This was  an expensive system (4400 sq. foot home), and at one point the manager told us that we shouldn't complain since "we were being monitored"! That was not the point, we had no faith in AVS's ability to fix the issues with the two Tuxedo Keypads and thermostats.   This went on for a year and we had a three year contract. We called and asked to speak to the primary owner because we couldn't get anywhere with the manager. We were informed by her, "I am one of the owners, and you have to deal with me". Then she told us the primary owner "NEVER" spoke to customers, "NEVER" called customers and that we were "under contract to her". My husband asked what it would take to get out of this contract, and she told us  "you are obligated to me for the next two plus years"! (what a nice way to treat a paying customer who has a problem you can't fix despite multiple calls to Honeywell's tech support, AVS Manager and the AVS techs repeated visits.) My husband made attempts to use the system throughout 2013. The Honeywell tech support told AVS we were experiencing "interference" from our walls and that was the reason for the failure to interface. They installed a new thermostat and the problem continued. We stopped using the automation portion of our system for six months going into 2014. Then we decided to test our system (manufacturer suggested) and found our patio door and garage service door labeling were switched. So if an alarm occurred and our back patio door was breached the alarm would have indicated our garage service door. Meanwhile it actually would be our patio door located at the rear of the home. We learned the guard would not go into the back yard if your gates are locked, so he would only check the front of the house while they were breaching the back! The managers response to me when we brought this up was "what's your problem you are being monitored". That's when my husband called the office and went off on the staff. Frustration! The tech was scheduled to come to our home to correct this discrepancy, which should have been tested and fixed at installation. So the day of the appt. we called and asked "where is the tech" and were told he was not coming & we were to receive a phone call from the manager at "10 AM". So we waited until 10:20 AM and then called the office. We were informed by the manager that we were being let out of our contract. I thanked her for the early Christmas present!My husband that same day received two phone messages from the primary owner, asking us to call him. When we returned his call, the call was intercepted and sent to the manager who informed us he "NEVER" spoke to customers or called them! No wonder he doesn't call customers, he never gets the call backs because she stops them!So we went with another company in LV who programmed and fixed our issues that couldn't be fixed and they did it on the first visit!  Problems solved! And I didn't need a new phone it was fixed in less than five minutes!In my opinion do not use this company. Monitoring, office and management is nasty and not helpful.
1	Let me enlighten you Nicola, we paid for this system. Up front. It is not "subsidized" and I have the receipts to prove it. From your competitor another local Honeywell Dealer here in town, we know we own the system. So don't make it sound like we are your charity case! We do have the GSM and according to your contract you do own it. It was removed the day the competitor took over the system and corrected the mistakes and programming issues your techs could not solve. We have been waiting for a call from you to ask for it back. But now we will be sending it to you to help you defray your "thousands" (?) which you spent to "Make us Happy", which if your techs had programed the system correctly we would have been happy. Can't help it if your guys couldn't do the job and it cost you money to have them come back to try and try and try! What an inconvenience to us to have them keep coming back! We were so impressed with your competitor, we went ahead and automated our quick set door locks which are now operating flawlessly. Now we are going to complete our home automation and install light modules. Something we couldn't consider with you because your techs couldn't even fix the programming for our thermostats! Even the competitors monitoring fee is cheaper than you. No way, I didn't need a new phone like your tech told us, the competitor deleted the app and re loaded it and my phone is working great! Like my husband told you, you need to train your people before you send them out to practice on your customers!
5	About 4 months ago we started a family business, and it was important to us to secure the location and protect our valuable business equipment.  When we called AVS they understood our needs and set up an appointment with their security consultant,  Jennifer. Jennifer came on site and recommended great afforadable solutions. On the day of the installation Jennifer was there to tell the technician exactly how we wanted everything set up and walked us through the smart phone app.Over all we are very pleased with AVS and feel safe knowing our business is secure! Fingerprinting Ink
