2	Dikadee's is perpetually filled with yuppies that are all crowded around the counter looking confused.  The food is mostly fine, but nothing to rave about.  The chicken salad is not good, or like you would normally expect it to be, it is more like cold cut turkey salad.  I really recommend tasting it before ordering.  Parking is a nightmare, and don't park where you aren't supposed to or you will get towed.  Dikadee's is only open for lunch.
4	Not sure what's with Erin. I guess she got towed for parking in the wrong spot :]This deli is nice and I like their pastrami a bunch.  Keep in mind this is in the Heart of Dilworth. The average house in a 5 block radius is about 800k.  So, yes you will see yuppies with kids.  That's pretty obvious.  Their sweet tea is pretty good as well.  Its just a deli, but their big plus is that they have a huge outdoor patio.  Its great in the spring and fall when the weather is more bearable and the perfect spot for those people watchers.
3	Dickadee's came highly recommended to me. It was good, not great, as far as I could tell. But it was packed, so I guess I'm the only one who doesn't think it's the greatest sandwich place ever. I'm picky, though, so this is probably my fault. What I like about the place is that it has a large outdoor eating area. Since Charlotte weather trends towards niceness, I love places like this that allow me to eat outside. Definitely a Yuppie place--I'll second that. But there's nothing wrong with that, right?As for the food, I thought it was good. I got a reuben, which was tasty but kinda small; my girlfriend got a turkey club on grilled toast, which she loved. Again, nothing wrong with their sandwiches but they're kinda small. All are served with chips, too--no fries, which bums me out. Apparently their shakes are amazing.
3	The best thing about Dikadee's is its outdoor seating.  Their patio is pretty good-sized and when it's a nice, sunny day, nothing beats sitting out there at a table watching the traffic and people go by on East Blvd in Dilworth.  Other than that, there's not much reason to go to Dikadee's unless you're satisfied with basic deli sandwiches and sitting in cramped indoor seating.  There's nothing wrong with their sandwiches (how can a coldcut sandwich be made wrong?), but there's nothing spectacular about them either that makes me crave Dikadee's.  For me, it's all about the weather.  If that's good, Dikadee's is good.  But for deli sandwiches, I can get a sub at Harris Teeter for at least half the price.
