2	I frequent this store, and usually love it!!Ive been here about 10 times and have always found cool things at great prices! For the most part the staff is very nice and helpful. On this trip I went after my son and I ate at China One, I went looking for vintage necklaces to no avail. I did find some cheap phone chargers which were awesome! My son seen a dvd player and I decided to buy it. I askes the worker if we could test it out with a dvd and he stated they werent allowed... But assured me it worked bc they test them before they leave the warehouse. Ok, ill buy it I said. We went to check out and I asked the cashier what if it doesnt work? She stated (after swipping my card) that there is an all sales final rule. Ok, I get it its a thrift store, but if im dropping 15$ on a defevtive dvd player itd be nice to bring it back and exchange it. She stated if it didnt work to call and speak to a manager. We get home and I plug it in and try to play a dvd and SURE ENOUGH IT DOESNT WORK!!! So my son starts crying and I call them, this was around 530pm. The same cashier answers and says she remembers us, she says the mgr stepped out and took my number, alas I never got a ohone call. I call this morning and spoke to the manager and right off the bat she was rude. She stated all sales were final and I interjected and explained what happened. She did not care one bit. I went on to say it wasnt right that I paid for a defective dvd player bc her worker wasnt allowed to test it. Of course her rebuttal was "idk who you spoke to but we test everything when asked" well I asked 2 workers and both didnt! She then states I should go buy a dvd cleaner, those dvd ones... Really lady? I just spent 15$ on that and now you want me to go buy a dvd to clean it IN ADDITION TO A REMOTE AND THE CORDS??? Ok, I understand that 15$ may not be a lot to people but im a single mom living off unemployment, I figured coming here would help both of us, this is what happens! She tells me in a very irritated voice "well just bring it back and ill buy it off you" Listen, I dont want my money back, I just want a working dvd player! I shoulda just paid the 30$ to buy a brand new dvd player WITH CORDS AND REMOTE. I LOVE thrift stores but I do not love getting taken advantage of! I could see if I called back months later but I called back within an hour of purchase! I do like this store but wishes they wouldnt be such sticklers about these types of situations! Everyrhing is DONATED and they cant even be compassionate when they wronged me by not testing it in the first place!
3	Staff is nice, store is a little run down. They have some shopping carts, but they're so bent and grubby I wondered if the homeless had been using them prior to Catholic Charities getting them.  Prices were OK - $7.00 for a poly-print women's dress (just a suggestion, they might want to take the $5.00 Walmart price tag off before pricing the dress higher).  My husband picked up a number of hawaiian print shirts which were cool.  Oddly enough, we were trying to find a used Bible and were surprised they didn't have any (or any books for that matter) at a Catholic thrift store. Overall, this place is just OK - I don't think I'd make a special trip or anything to come here.
4	I go into this store several times a week and I enjoy the staff as they always make me laugh and put a smile on my face! I've found several deals at great prices and although some of the prices seem to be higher than I would like I always keep in mind that my money is going to a great cause and it helps those that are less fortunate.
3	Great little thrift store! Clean and organized with friendly staff. Someone has clearly put in time and effort arranging stock items to make them more appealing: creating gift baskets, bundling wine books with glasses and decorative stoppers, setting up tasteful window displays, etc.Stopped in looking for furniture and decor items, got a vase and a basket to place shoes in by the front door, both for under $10- which was great pricing but unfortunately, card purchases under $10 are charged a. $1 transaction fee. Didn't mind because it is run through a charity organization, but it is worth noting.Cashier was friendly and let me know that each day of the week they offer various 25% discounts- one day is military, another is teachers and students, etc. Unfortunately the discount schedule changes weekly, so you can't just stop in on your day of the week. Not sure what the logic behind that is.
3	I stopped by here after going into Zombie Zone and I was a little surprised to find that the store is pretty run down despite the busy shopping center it is in. They don't really seem to have the selection that Goodwill has, but who's to say you might not find a treasure hidden somewhere? The employees were very friendly so I cannot comment on any employees arguing. I managed to find one brand new burlap sack tote bag but the rest of the items were pretty grim. However, I figured this is for charity so I felt pretty good about my $5 purchase.
4	Always something interesting inside for sale. Helpful staff! Friendly atmosphere. Wonderful very fair prices!
