4	It was a blur.But... I remember a lot of girls.Lots of them.Topless.
4	I go through phases where I just love dem strippers. The times I've gone here are kinda on the fence. I went here a few weeks ago with a couple friends so that we can spend our fabulous stripper money that we got for going through a health assessment. Yes it was 25 dollars. Let's call it the Booze and Boobies tour. So after a couple hours at the salon getting my hair did, and shopping....because I needed to splurge. I walk in Cheetah's at 5pm, with attitude and lookin all finger lickin...and I met up with my boys. As I walk toward them I lock eyes with this beautiful girl staring at me like a piece of meat. Well in reality she's lookin at me like a gangsta roll goin to get spent. I say what's up to my guys and this girl just grabs me again. "HI""Sup(m)""You're really cute and I like your arms""Thanks(m)"She starts rubbing herself all over me and she smells fantastic."So where you from?""Well I used to be sperm and egg. but that got together...now I'm just from up the street(m)""Oooh I'm from LA" "I know I can tell. (m)"Still rubbing all over me. "You know you don't have to do that. I know the game, and it's kinda dumb wasting it on me.(m)"But still she was what I was used to and I missed my Long Beach girls. So 5 minutes later she was dancing for me. She asked me for my number and I gave her my card. I laughed. Because that bitch ain't gonna call me. She's not gonna come live in my penthouse in Sand Francisco and be my slut baby maker. Stupid games. But whatever. It was good times. Just remember. You're only in love with strippers because it's dark and they want your money. I gave her a little chump change to do her hair. When she left and played the same routine on a lil mexican dude...I laughed....He just got his general labor money and he's gonna get worked. Next thing I knew after getting back to my friends, I had a bunch others come and start rubbin on me. Yea that was fantastic. I realized why....I was wearing my expensive jeans....The next time I came out was weird. After a 10 dollar martini, I went and sat down. A filipino girl jumped on my lap and stabbed me with her ass bone. Started touching my face....bitch just ate something with onions and her hands stunk..WTF. Ok that day...mostly SRO, lots of girls, but this one just wanted to jump on me. Yea I pushed her off and told her I was gay.
3	Aww...Vegas. Pretty smallish looking club located near the Circus Circus side of the Strip. For a moment I was afraid that we were going to Treasures (yikes! bad time). At Cheetah's there's many girls to see. Um, as far as eye candy is concerned a select few (about 2 ladies) really stuck out. As far as dancing ability, I really was impressed with a majority of the ladies. Most of the ladies were nice and moderately aggressive (in terms of private dances and the like). Drinks were very good and the club staff was very attentive.Cons. I didn't particularly care for the ladies who sold beaker shots, they came off very pushy. But really that's all.Nice little club with very good dancing. And no...she never emailed me back.
3	I had never been to Cheetah's and I had heard many a story of how good this place was.  Sadly, I was disappointed.  Things did not start off on the right foot with Cheetah's as I had booked and prepaid ahead of time a package deal for 12 of us where you pay $30 for complimentary shuttle from your hotel, 2 drinks and VIP seating.  They were suppose to pick me up at 11pm.  They didn't show so I called them and they didnt have any record of my booking.  But they sent their shuttle anyway.  So nearly an hour later we get to Cheetah's.  The door guy and manager still says they can't my resevation.  So not wanting to disappoint the boys I figure I'd pay for the package again and call my credit card to reverse the previous charges later.  We get inside and it's alot smaller than I expected and brighter too!   We get seated in a large roped off booth below the DJ.  As we sit down, guess what?  The manager finds the email confirming my reservation.  So we're all good.  Whew!  Maybe we were there too early or something, but the quality of girls did not match my expectations.  One Asian girl in particular would not leave us alone!!  I was the first one to receive a dance from her and she was just plain bad.   After our round of drinks and a few dances we decide to leave for a more "popular" gentleman's club.  One that sounds similar to Peppermint Dino.  Perhaps I'll give Cheetah's another chance - I just have to remember to come later in the night.
3	Ick... This was my first strip joint.  I now know that i am NOT a strip club person.  If I rated this according to how i feel about strip clubs, i would give it maybe one star.  However, i must be objective and look at this place as if i am impartial to them and that's how it got a 3.  Walking in, i noticed how dark it was, obviously to maintain the anonymity.  Then you notice how almost every guy sitting in the chairs have a woman sitting in their lap.  The room was blacklighted and had neon purple lights lining the room.   The women were mostly dressed in lingerie but not sexy stuff.  In fact it reminded me more of Hanes for Women.  I think another reason its dark is because some of those girls are not pretty.  I think on average the girls were a 5 out of 10.  There were a few 7s and 8s but no 10s.  Many of them were also bustless.  Seriously, if you're going to be in this business you need to at least have a B cup or large As.  I felt like my chest was almost as big as theirs.  i went with 2 girls.  Oddly enough, they both got lap dances.  I passed.  20$ to get an anti-erection is not worth the money.  I think my face was that of disgust the whole time i was there.  I had to hold the girl's bra while she gave my friends their lap dances.   I have to say that the one they got was weak.  She wasn't hot and she didn't move to the music.  I could have done a better job.The girls are a little testy as well.  When rejected they give you attitude.  I'm sorry i don't want your fish tacos rubbed all over my jeans.  There is constant entertainment with at least one girl on the stage.  They also have a variety of girls, from tall and skinny to short and thick.  If i were into this it wouldn't be too bad.  At least the inside of the place isn't all trashy and there seems to be enough girls with enough variety of them to satisfy any guy or girl.  It can't be all that bad if the girl i went with ended up in the back room with one of the strippers.  She didn't even tell us what happened back there... but she seemed quite satisfied.
3	Came here on a recommendation of a friend, and for a bachelor party, and let me tell you I wasn't disappointed!  The gals are friendly and not pushy. Bottle service is a good way to go.  And the funny thing was they weren't gonna let me in since I was wearing a wifebeater, but they let me buy one of their t-shirts($20) to put over it, and they let us all in for free!!! And all the gals are pretty attractive.
4	Sleazy, raunchy, dirty and nasty - the club and the girls - but you didn't come here to meet Mother Theresa.  $10 cover, $6 beers and $20 lap dances.  It helps a lot to have a buzz when you arrive and to maintain it as long as possible, to stay in the mood and ignore the grime.  You will get the naughtiness you came for, I have to give them that.  Quite ethnically diverse, from dangerous fiery Philippinas to vampiric Russians, blonde Cali girls and even a few Caribbeans.  Not as many tens as the Spearmint Rhino, but less Pamela Anderson wannabe attitude as well.  Good dirty fun.
2	First, it's way too crowded and expensive. Second, the women are too "surgically enhanced" for my tastes, and they just don't do a lot for the massive amounts of cash you end up giving them. Admittedly, the only time I went here I was drunk at my own bachelor party, and I didn't have to pay for anything, but still ... the softcore porn on Skinemax back in the hotel room is a better deal.
4	This place is cool because they leave you alone.  I don't want to be touched unless you are a burger.
4	I went here twice.  Both times were tons of fun, but the best time I had here was for New Years about 2 years ago.  The girls are super friendly and not all snobby like at most places.  At least the one's that I talked to.  I don't recall how much the cover is either because I was with a bunch of guys that paid.  But I'm pretty sure I overheard the dude in front saying that there was no charge for me only the guys.The girls weren't ugly or all trying to get you to buy "services".  Overall it was a pleasant experience.  Plus I thought it was pretty clean - granted, it was dark and I was probably slightly intoxicated.  Then again, if you are in a place like that I don't think cleanliness is a high priority.  I've been to better clubs out in LA so I can't give this the full 5 stars.Just a note to all you frequent Vegas-ers... if you take a cab to any stripclub, get the cab driver to break you off a piece of his kickback from the club.  Most cab drivers get some money from the club for bringing you there.  One time we used that to get a discounted door price in.
4	I don't remember much, but everything before I got in happened well.  They took care of everything.  No drink minimum and no cover! And the girls there really didn't just try hustling. They actually sat around and just hung out and talked.  You have a couple of girls that had to try to make there money, but most of the girls just chilled.
4	Best strip club in Vegas? Quite possibly. We were here for a bachelor party and it was a huge success.The girls are very nice for the most part, as other reviews have mentioned. We felt like we made the right decision to avoid huge places like Sapphire and go to a place for locals.Docking 1 star for the most annoying 2 people in the world:- the chick (or was it a golem?) who looks like she's 12 and walks around with a bunch of clear drinks of some sort. She was coming up to me every 5 minutes and by the 17th time I wanted to punch her in the face.- the useless dude in the bathroom who hands you a towel and thinks he deserves a tip for that. Those beers are already $8 (with tip) and I'm not about to pay another $1 in bathroom tax. Seriously, Cheetah's, nobody wants that guy there. At a fancy restaurant - maybe (even though don't think this job should exist at all). At a strip club? No thanks. I was actually holding it in towards the end, just so I don't have to see this guy again.Since this is a public review, I will stop here. After all, WHiVSiV.
1	Okay, so my husband wanted to go here since he'd heard of it. Big, big mistake. If could give them 0 stars I would. First, DO NOT take a taxi to get there. They charge you $30 per person if you do, because they have to pay off the taxi driver. So don't expect the $10 price advertised on their website. And don't forget the 2 drink minimum per person, and drinks are $15 each. Second, it's not nearly as nice as I expected it to be. The reputation is as a high class strip club, but in reality it's very trashy. The girls were so-so, nothing special. None of them really made use of the poles. If you want a good pole dance show, try Cirque du Soleil instead. I highly, highly recommend against going there.  Definitely not the kind of place where a woman can go with her husband comfortably.
4	One of the best in the city.  BUT!!!!  DO NOT GO THERE IN A CAB!!!!   They will charge you up the arse!
3	Cheetah's is a place that my husband and his friends have visited for many years during their Vegas trips.  They love it so much that my husband felt compelled to bring me here during our Vegas trip.  I was a bit afraid, I will admit, because he had warned me beforehand that this is not an upscale club, the girls can be "interesting", and the place is dark and dirty.  This place was awesome!!!  It lived up to every expectation I had.  It is truly dark and dirty.  The girls are not super models, by any means, but are more your girl next door...or girl from the alley...kind of girls.  I don't recall seeing any of the girls use the pole and don't recall any really having extraordinary dance skills.  However, we had one girl who entertained us for quite a while.  She entertained my husband with her dance skills while facing me and talking to me for an hour about her kids!!!  Freakin' hilarious!!!I probably will not be inclined to return to Cheetah's, but it is definitely a must if you have not been and are a fan of strange and interesting nights!!!
4	Went here on a Friday night after some gambling. The place was busy, but finding a seat was easy. From reading other strip club reviews two things stand out about this place: the girls are good looking and they won't try to take all of your money. I was a little concerned about a girl spontaneously saying "That will be $300," but that was not the case here. I haven't been to other strip clubs in Vegas, but this one is much lower key than the other ones. What this mainly means is that girls are not constantly hounding you for dances. I had a great time and highly recommend this place!
1	Gross, Nasty, Disgusting. I did not see one extremely attractive girl all the girls there are either so so or worse. I think these are the girls that can't get hired at the nicer clubs in town. If you do go there don't sit down and don't touch anything. It is Nasty. Your shoes will stick to the floor that's how gross it is.
1	Honestly I'm not sure how this place gets anything over two stars.  I don't go to strip joints often but when I do I don't really expect to be automatically attacked by some 30 year old fake bleach blonde who probably does meth.  I went on a Thursday night kind of early in the evening so that may have been the problem.  I decided to take my brother who is gay because I knew he would help me bail if it sucked.  We didn't even want to go here, but the cabbie said it was his old stomping grounds so we bit.Still the place was out of the way and not close to the attractions on the strip.  Girls automatically come up and sit on your lap, which distracts you from the dancer on stage.  Not that the stage shows are anything to get excited about.  I got 3 lap dances from a 30 year old, a 40 year old who had some facial issues, and the lone petite cute brunette who seemed sweet but admitted to my brother that she was a coke head.  Great performer selection!The drinks are 10 bucks and the servers seem to expect you to buy drinks automaticallly for the girl who you didn't even want in your lap in the first place.  Not even the 20 dollar lap dances save this place.  Avoid at all costs.
3	In one word, class! Smartest bunch of girls in town. They all wanna be doctors.
1	This place flat out sucks assValet guy went threw my shitThe girls are average at bestAnd it's in the ghetto.
1	If you have friends from out of town and you never want them to visit vegas again take them to cheetahs where ugly girlsroam. I even seen a stripper ride her bike home lol.the trailor park of strip clubs in vegas for sure.
2	I was at cheetah's on May 28th, 2012.It was a good time with my good friends everyone was having a good time.This stripper stop by with a london accent and would not leave.The woman started taking to me , then she said I owe her 20 for a lap dance which she never gave me. The woman keeping taking mess so I gave 20 to go way.This left me with a bad taste that is why I am writing this.The club lost me and my friend and we will never go back.My feeling is 20 is nothing when I had 10 times that in my pocket.The lady got 20 but the club lost thousand from me and my friends.LV
1	Looks dirty and run down
1	Friendly bouncers (not a good thing).  Unattractive women.  STANK.Whatever you do, do NOT come to Cheetah's for a good time.  You're not gonna find it here.We were dropped off by a shuttle on our second stop for the night.  I'm not sure exactly what time it was, maybe 3am on a Saturday night.  The first thing that I noticed when walking in was that the bouncers were COOL.  As in smiling and friendly.  That totally threw me off.  It couldn't have been a good sign.We walked in (no cover, I would have been PISSED if we had to pay), and it STANK.  Like cigarettes and ass and no attempt at covering up with perfume.  They seriously need to have their ventilation system worked on if they even have one.  If there is any kind of CFM air change code requirements, this place isn't meeting them.  We sat down, and there were only maybe 5 girls working, and no one on stage.  Yes, I realize it was late.  But it was a SATURDAY NIGHT IN VEGAS!!  The girls were pretty nasty looking, and I was DRUNK!  Can't get much sadder than that.  We stayed maybe 10-15 minutes before I was able to get ahold of a cabbie I met to save us from this shithole.  I have heard of Cheetah's, but whatever magic there may have once been here has crawled into a corner and died with a lit cigarette in its mouth.  I will never be back for any reason.  Stay away!
3	Your typical strip club. My people like to end up here at the end of the night.
2	I don't often go with my boys to the strip clubs nearer downtown and this place is why! Horrible and smelled really bad. There was one nice girl there n wish I could remember her name. The 2 stars are for her!
2	Cool layout big bar! But the girls? Alot of them look like there on drugs. I say they ranged from zeros to a couple of 5s. Sad to say watching the customers was more amusing than watching the girls. Not only were they not cute, but their dancing was WACK. the dj played pretty good music tho. Drinks were weak. I left without a lap dance. Need I say more?
1	By far the worst strip club I ever went to. Came on a Thursday night, and I was immediately surrounded by ugly, PUSHY strippers. One of them was so desperate she threatened me when I was trying to talk my friend. Plus, I wanted to get a lap dance and the stripper kept getting shots on my bill and then got one for the drink girl. Then she hiked up the price of the dance because we were in a special area even tho I specifically said I didn't want it. Can't say enough bad things about this place.
1	I'm just going to say it how I saw it. After a night of partying, we came here on a Saturday night around 3:00 am. From my previous experience here, I figured this was prime time, but I was wrong. It all started at the door. While most clubs offer something to waive your cover charge, Cheetah's didn't. After we walked in, we noticed the place was pretty much empty. We trudged on to our table after passing several sloppy looking girls. While they were nice and not pushy, we weren't looking for nice girls. What I thought could have been an all-night party turned into a few rounds of beers followed by a disappointing exit.Sorry Cheetahs, you're just not what you use to be.
1	STOP!!! AVOID AT ALL COST GOING HERE!!!!!!!! Place is the biggest scam ever.. Besides the face that the staff there is very unprofessional! We go in 20 minutes later we finally got helped. After 30 minutes of being there we where asked to leave because we where not buying enough drinks???? Whatever that mean.. Sloppy girls asking how much to leave with them.. I had one stripper tell me I can do anything to her for $500. Please avoid what happened to me.
1	This place is pretty sketchy. I came here early in the am after a being at Marquee Nightclub all night. I came just to get a few lap dances and then call it a night. I asked the taxi driver to take me to a good strip club. Funny thing is the taxi driver first took me to a massage parlor. I told the dude no just want to go to a decent strip club so he brought me to Cheetas. I walked in and right away a great looking Brazilian girl walks me in sits me down asks if I want a drink I say sure so she orders one for her self and for me. No big deal we shoot the shit talk for a while then she asks if I want a lap dance. I say sure I will take one she walks me to the back. gives me a dance 20 minutes later I ask how much she tells me $250 I say you must be joking right? Next thing you know I have 2 bouncers telling me to pay up. I have no choice than to pay or probably end up beaten up and thrown in the alley. So I pay up and leave.. Not only did I pay the $250 but she also kept reaching my pockets and taking the cash that I had in my pocket as well during this dance. Talk about a bunch of thief's. This place is a joke and I wont be coming back here ever again!
1	SCAM!!! DO NOT GO HERE!!! They will scam you like there's no tomorrow. Wish I would've read their horrible reviews b4 walking in but of course lesson learned. It's DEAD! Girls are SKANKY. Not hot at all & they're SO RUDE!!!!
1	STOP!!! SCAM!!! Don't Go to this club!!! this place sucks balls. The girls have no boobs. Try to make you buy $100 worth of drinks if you want to pay with card. This place pays cab driver's cash to drop you off.
1	SCAMMERS!!! DO NOT ATTEND! We were lead here by our taxi driver who insisted was the best place for a fun Sunday night in Vegas. Said "Cover charge was only $20 (turned out to be $30)". Once inside there's a minimum $100 tab, and worst part of it all is it was DEAD! Far from what we expected. We literally walked in and out and they wouldn't return our money for a party of four. (That's $120 out the window, on nothing because it was paid to our taxi driver). I don't like leaving negative reviews, but this was by far the exception. Multiple lies to strip you off your money. Don't know how places like this stay in business! Hope this review helps others stay away from this place.
4	The first time I went to Cheetah's it was in the afternoon on Mother's Day. May I use this review as a public service announcement to all guys who have the bright idea to go to a strip club on Mother's Day. Quite simply don't and do you know why? because the strippers will be mother's and not young ones either. Now don't get me wrong they were lovely, but not exactly what my crew was looking for. It did however make for a hilarious time and it was pretty damn cheap, so who am I to complain?Rather cautiously we decided to go back on a Saturday night and the place was packed with extremely hot strippers, we thusly went on to have a great night that did not break the bank. Win!
1	5 thumbs down .....girls ....aka the washed up club fyi look at ur drink b4 u drink it
4	Celebrated my boys bachelor party here and had an amazing night. Beautiful woman and good drinks what more can you ask for. Will definitely be back.
