3	Simple facities including a water fountain and two watering stations, and benches. There are trees, but only around the perimeter of the park. Disabled-accessible sidewalks, and a smaller fenced-off area for smaller (under 20 pounds) dogs.
3	There's usually a good mix of dogs here, from purebreds to mutts.  The owners run the gamut too, which always makes for an overall interesting time at the park.The main area is pretty big and has big trees along some of the perimeter.  People have left behind a number of plastic lawn chairs and tennis balls that are shared among the people and pets there.  We stopped bringing tennis balls with us, seeing as how they never seemed to come home with us.  We do, however, bring the ball launcher, since you can definitely make use of it if you throw the length of the park.There are two water stations here.  One water fountain (tall part for people, low part for dogs) and a water spigot/bucket combo.  Beware the spigot/bucket area if you like a clean dog.  It is a big square area filled with river rocks, with the spigot/bucket in the middle.  The water in the bucket gets dirty frequently, so it gets dumped in the rocks.  The dogs have decided that they like to move these rocks around and make themselves a nice, big mud puddle to lay down in.  If you have a dog that likes mud, bring towels for the car and heading straight to Smelly Dog or Wag 'n Wash.
2	I really don't care for this park at all.The park itself is quite large, but it is dirty. There are cigarette butts all around - it just doesn't look well taken care of.I would only take Sam here if I had no other options.
3	We go here every week. We actually bypass at least one closer park in favor of Washington Park. The reason being the people and their dogs. A great mixture of dogs we have also gotten to know several of the owners. We go weekend mornings, and there has never been less then twenty other dogs there. That is the most important thing for us, as we want our dogs to play and have fun which they always seem to do.It is a big open space, some trees two water stations, and plenty of waste bags and garbage cans. I do have to agree there are generally quite a few cigarette butts around. There is also always plenty of tennis balls for the dogs to chase. (Do not pick them up, they tend to be urinated on quite a bit.)It is a nice place to meet people who love their dogs as much as you do.
3	My dogs love this park so we go a few times a week.  They would give it 5 stars but I can only give it 3 because I spend my entire time while there, picking up all the poop  from other dogs that owners cannot bother to pick up.  So bark park people, what is the deal with not cleaning up after your dogs????? The dogs are mostly nice, plenty of room for running and playing and my dogs have meet some nice friends as have I.
4	We really enjoy coming to this park.  It's a really large open area with tons of room for the dogs to run.  The grass is pretty crappy, but that's what happens when dogs trample it all day long.  There are a few benches for the people to sit on, and quite a few plastic chairs, but beware, the dogs love to mark those.  There is usually a fair amount of shade to cool off in during the hotter days.  The only drawback is that there seems to be a lot of newcomers here who don't understand that you have to pick up after your dog.   In any event, a pretty great dog park that usually has a good crowd, but not too much.  Oh, they also have a completely separate area for all the annoying yippy little dogs.
4	Great dog park for space, shade, lack of soggy areas, and lack of ants. Only a small part of the park is lighted in the evening, so I think that's why a lot of unretrieved poop left behind - the place is big enough that you cannot see if/where your dog is going after dark. I tried after dark once, and have since limited my visits to the AM. The incidence of aggressive dogs and dog fights is pretty low on weekend mornings (the only time I visit). Lot's of regulars are pretty good about talking to the occasional visitor with an aggressive dog. Abundant convenient parking, but don't leave anything valuable behind in your vehicle - I've seen numerous break-ins.
3	After adopting my first dog about a month ago, I thought it was about time I took her for her very first dog park visit because she loves other dogs and well hey, I just wanted to pass out some business cards and whore out my dog grooming services. This park is the closet to my humble abode so little Kinsey and I took a ride down there after the sun went down and it was cool enough to step outside.The park is in a really shady area of town, and at night it's even worse. We got there around 8:30 and the only lighting the park had was coming from the surrounding sports complex's big lights. The park should have it's own lights if it's going to be open til 10, and especially during summertime in AZ when it's really too hot to do the dog park in daylight. The park has two areas, one small area for small dogs that's fenced in and a larger area for the bigger dogs. Kinsey and I went into the small dog area and immediately upon entry a rather obnoxious shih tzu mounted my poor Kinsey and tried to molest her a few times before the owner of the dog sluggishly walked up and grabbed his dog, proclaiming that it "really likes poodles". We hung out for a bit and were joined by another couple with a Boston Terrier which my dog chased everywhere. There is plenty of room for the little dogs to romp around in here and a spicket and a bowl of water in the middle for the dogs.  There is not much shade either if you're going to go out during daytime.  There are however, lots of places for you to sit down at, picnic tables and chairs and such. I think Kinsey and I will be back because of the friendliness of the people there, and the fact that it's the closet dog park to us.  It's really not much but it's good enough for us.
4	Tonight was the second time Brady and Max visited the Washington Park Dog Park--Saturday mid-morning I took them to see how they would behave off the leash in such a large area. Then, we were the only ones there and I thought it was a good thing. Tonight, there were a couple dozen dogs and their owners...and I braced for the worst. As soon as we approached the small dog section, nearly every dog inside came barking over towards us and followed us to the entrance. Fortunately, a wonderful lady inside suggested we take out dogs off their leashes and that should calm down all the dogs. Amazing! It did the trick. And Brady and Max's first official social outing--off the leash--was a success.A couple of observations: There is actually shaded areas (trees) in the middle of the small dog section. There is plenty of grass and a water spiggot. You can take your plastic grocery bags and donate them in the dispensers. Nighttime can be challenging because of the limited lighting, but not impossible. We'll take flashlights with us if we go this late again.Overall, I'd have to say this dog park suits us nicely, with adequate street parking and friendly dog owners to make for a great time. We'll be visiting other dog parks, but this one is close by.
4	These ratings are all about comparison, as fellow yelper RandH recently pointed out in a review. Well, this park isn't perfect, but by golly, compared to other dog parks within the city of phoenix, this one's pretty NICE! (Glendale and Chandler are much better - I'm working towards a future list i think) I know....the 'hood. I'll admit it's not the best, but on a saturday morning with the park full of soccer game family traffic I doubt too heinous of crimes are going down here. You can park on the street right next to the park fence if you're nervous and want to keep your vehicle within view. I can't comment on others' nighttime experiences, but it does say the park's open until 10pm, so if they're not well-lit, that's a negative. There is a huge area for big dogs and a good sized one for yippers, too. The arrangement of seating and shade is quite nice. There are plenty of mature trees providing real shade, and the grass is well taken care of. Too bad that a 'visual minority' of idiot owners litter cigbutts and leave dog crap behind. You have to wonder what these peoples' homes look like. X^ { The people I met that day were friendly and conscientious of their mutts. It is sad that this is also something I've found to not always be in abundance at the local dog parks. No fancy dog agility equipment here like some other cities' bark parks, but anyone who goes to one of the tiny chain link kennel runs at Grovers Basin Dog Park or Avondale Friendship Dog Park should really make the drive and check it out sometime. Your dogs will love you for it. Oh wait, your dog loves you even when you yell at it because YOU'RE grumpy or when you accidentally step on it during the night, so how about : your dog will love you MORE for giving it even more variety of sights, socialization, and pee-mail from canines they've never met before!
4	Took Lucy and Ginger here Saturday morning and they had a great time. There are two sections, a small section for dogs 25 pounds and under and a separate section for larger dogs.In comparison to other dog parks I found this one quite nice. The grass was green, no ants, plenty of shade trees and seating for owners. There were water fountains fand toys for large and small dogs. The people were really friendly and maintained control of their dogs and cleaned up after them. I haven't been at night so I can't speak to the lighting but the daytime experience was great and we will definitely be back.
4	Dexter loved it!  He's a 7-pound rat terrier and extremely social (I have NO idea where he gets it from!).  Went with Robert M and Brady.  When we got there, there were only a couple of other dogs.  By the time we left, there were probably around 20.The park is clean, with plenty of seating for "the people" and lots of shade.Chuey, a toy silkie, had his way with Dexter and so did a beagle.Dexter ran like there was no tomorrow!  This was his first dog park. Had to take him to Wag N Wash after, though, as he was covered in a few different types of doggie fluids.
3	It is the best "Central Phoenix" Dog Park but I wouldn't go in the evenings. The last time I was there all the ladies were complaining about a weird stalker guy who didn't even have a dog but was sitting in the small dog area trying to chat up young women.I've heard in the evenings the Pit Bull owners come out and things get a little dangerous. Short of the city passing a no Pit Bulls in Dog Parks law there is not much that can be done.I will go in the early morning but won't stay long. To see some good photos of this park check out http://www.dogparkriot.com
4	Maybe I'm oblivious as to what a "bad" neighborhood is.  I'm from the Midwest and spent about 6 years in Los Angeles.  I don't see the neighborhood around this dog park as seeming shady, unless they mean it's a little bit older, a bit more working class. Maybe if my car gets broken into or I get mugged I'll change my mind.I'll admit, I have a SUPER flexible job. And I really really really love taking my dogs to the dog park.  I take them almost every day. I avoid weekends however. Weekend dog owner/warriors are a bit too much for my patienceI enjoy dogs who are active and like to play a bit hard. NOT aggressive, but the whole point of a dog park is to let the dogs play and get some energy out right?Ok, anyways, to the actual dog park. You have to actually review this dog park in its seasons.Summer: the green grass is beautiful, I'm surprised the city actually spends the money to flood the field once a month to keep it green.There is ample shade for owners and the dogs.  I usually get to the dog park around 6am in summer mornings to beat the heat.  The owners and dogs are overall very friendly. I'm not gonna lie, EVERY dog park has their fair share of annoying and sometimes dangerous dogs.No big deal, if you take your dog to a park, you should be observant and look for the signs if a simple "play date" might turn into a brawl. Not unlike some dates i've been on.Winter:the dog park is amazing.  the grass is brown and dead, but it's not disgusting. Unless it rains, there is no mud. there is no monthly flooding that requires you to go to another park for a few days a week. The weather is crisp and the dogs are more active.seating options are fine for a dog park. Some benches and peed on plastic chairs. stick to the bench if you want to sit. but shouldn't you be chasing your dog around?also, this is just my pet peeve. If you bring toys to the park, just assume it is PARK PROPERTY.  There is nothing i hate more is when a "special toy" is brought to the park, and inevitably the dog drops it and some other dog wants to play with it.  Then the owner goes around, asking the other owner to get the toy back.Save the special toy for the house. There are plenty of tennis balls to go around!yikes, I need to really reign my self in here!sooo...I think the dog park is worth the trip. It is large enough for the dogs to have a real run. Owners and dogs for the most part are very friendly. If you go enough, you'll see the regulars. You'll learn the dogs names before you learn the owners names.  this might be a big weird, but for someone who is new to the city, outside of work, I've met a majority of the cool friendly folks at the dog park!and yeah, my doggies seem to love it! they never want to leave!
4	Ok, I have been coming to this dog park for about 8 months now. I love it, and my Golden Sasha loves it too. The one and only complaint that I have, is the irrigation. The irrigation is a pain, but only during the summer months. The city closes the park about two times a month, with each closure lasting up to a full week to allow the water from the irrigation to dry, leaving myself and about a hundred other pet owners to flock a different park.  Unfortunately, even if you wanted to deal with the muddy situation, you can't. The city locks the gates until the grounds are dried.                        Coming here regularly for about 8 months, I've learned lots of dog names, but not too many owners name, but then again, the dog park is for dogs, not us humans right?  Ok, the ameneties to this park, are two water stations, plenty of seating, lots of shade, and a HUGE play area. You will not find a better park than this.
4	I feel so lucky to live so close to a large space so my dog can run around. I wouldn't say this is in a bad neighborhood, but I wouldn't say its in a great neighborhood either. If you keep a good eye on your dog and are a responsible pet owner, I don't see why you would have anything other than a blast here. Plenty of parking, bags are usually provided for poop, and most of the owners are friendly enough. I believe dog parks are places where the experience you have depends on what you put into it!
3	I take Ladmo here sometimes. We went this past weekend around noon and he was only 1 of 4 dogs in the small dog area. All in all its a nice space for the dogs to run and play. It's nothing fancy. I am not sure if Ladmo truly enjoys going, as he is almost always mounted and assaulted by the other male dogs :( I know he looks girly, but he is a little man damn it! He usually plays for a few minutes and then spend the rest of the time sitting under us with his butt firmly planted on the ground. Poor Ladmo. P.S. Owners, pick your dogs poop up for the love of all things holy. I hate watching for land mines.
4	I take my boys here nearly every week and they LOVE it. Great big park with plenty of room to run, loads of other dogs to play with and many of tennis balls to fetch.  Water stations at both ends of the park ensure that dogs get enough to drink and good owners ensure that I don't step in anything.
4	This is the best dog park in Central Phoenix - mainly, because its the only dog park in Central Phoenix...We take Pogo here every so often and he always enjoys it!  There are always other dogs around for him to play with and a nice area for him to run.I wish there was more lighting after the sun goes down - there is TONS of lighting at the nearby tennis courts, I wish they would take just two of those poles and put them near the dog park.  There are always lots of other dog moms and dads here after the sun goes down, so that makes you feel safer despite the low lighting and so-so neighborhood.
5	Sedona and Payson are beginning to tolerate other dogs thanks to THIS dog park. They're 5 month old rescue doggies and they were terrified of other dogs. It has been my experience that the dogs here are very playful, tolerant, and accepting of most any dog, even my puppies!There's even a dog park click it seems, regulars that come just about everyday and let their dogs socialize together. Do NOT be intimidated, I wasn't. If you just grab an open chair and sit down they will soon engage you in the conversation.I LOVE that there is GRASS! Can you believe it? And there is actually TWO separate dog parks. One for large (any) type of dog and another for ONLY small dogs. There is water available but it's a good idea to bring your own water container. All of the entrances/exits are double gated to prevent any wild pups from escaping.It has been my experience at the small dog park that the owners are very diligent (and judgmental of others ;) about picking up pet's feces. It seems like there are more "land mines" in the 'large dog' area but this is probably because it is soooo much larger and it probably difficult to spot a hurried, squatting dog.FYI:Beware though, I was told that a number of years ago there were people bringing their dogs to the dog park just to fight other dogs?!?!! I know terrible. BUT just like most circumstances in life, you must be AWARE of your surroundings and PAY ATTENTION to who is coming and going. I have NOT had any problems personally and have REALLY enjoyed letting my doggies tire themselves out!
4	Was just there today - nice change from the neighborhood park at Indian Steele, mostly because it's bigger (Indian Steele gets really crowded on the weekends) At Washington Park,  the water source is inside the park and for those who don't bother bringing poop bags, there are plenty around.   Nice day there!Kona
3	Boston Terriers galore!Today was my mom's birthday, so when she asked if I wanted to go to a Boston Terrier meet-up at this dog park, how could I say no?! (She is the proud owner of an adorable little Boston named Lily).I packed up my car with my dog and my baby and made the almost 30 minute drive to this park... Once we arrived, I was happy to find plenty of parking, paved paths to both the big dog and small dog areas, and lots of friendly people and dogs.  Of course, Minnie stood out like a sore thumb, but she had plenty of fun.  I brought the stroller in to the dog park area, which wasn't a problem, and we hung out for a good half hour or so...I'd probably return to this park on a regular basis if I lived closer, but I'll continue to take Minnie to Chapparal Dog Park only because of the convenience factor (it's much closer to home).  Nice to see that there are other options for the pups around the Valley though!
4	One of my favorite parks that I've been to! There are two areas, small and big. I have a small dog so I go into the little dog park. The running room in this area is much more limited than the big dog area, but that's ok - it seems to be enough room for the little ones. There is a water faucet to fill up water bowls and allow your dogs to cool off.One of my favorite features are the trees! It's a mature park and the trees are gorgeous. They provide lots of shade and make for a relaxing soundtrack. This is one of the furthest parks from my house, but I always make the trek out there just to come here.
1	This dog park gets one star.Why?Because the last time I went,some piece of shit broke into just about every car in the parking lot to steal whatever they could.So much broken glass from side windows everywhere.It used to be okay before this incident,but a busy parking lot in borad daylight and some vulture lies in wait?Yeah,I'm done here.
4	Came here for almost an entire year and stepped out of the gates poop free every time. Large space, 2 dog fountains, and trash bags galore to pick what you should be picking up. I'm talking to all you "summer's eve" who pretend to not look or catch when their dogs take a good ol' Stanley Steamer.You always see the same group of people if you come in at the same time everyday. You'll see the old people with the lawn chairs gathered in a half circle when it's not even human to be up so early and you'll meet the same chill crowd in the evenings who talk about the last sports game. My dog was never bit here unless it was playful nipping and I never saw more than 2 instances the whole I was there, but it's to be expected by the few owners who are too busy yapping/spending their whole damn time on their phones instead of paying attention.Just don't come after 7 or 8-ish when the meaner dogs/more careless owners come. You know it's time to reach for the leash and leave when a big guy comes in with 3 chained beasts who gang up and lunge for the nearest toy poodle savagely and one of the beasts' names turns out to be Blackout -_-Just remember the schedule when they water the grass or else you'll drive to a locked dog park every 2 weeks and have to drag your dumb a** all the way to Indian Steele which isn't the best option because the owners there are of a "different" kind who don't even let other dogs share the same water as their dogs, but it'll do while it's out of service and you'll sometimes even see the same people there too with their dogs.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! And my pup Oscar loves it even more! Oscar is a Min Pin and only weighs 5lbs so I love the separation of the small dog park because he would probably get trampled with the big guys. Oscar loves this place. He is the most social butterfly and loves to play with other dogs. He gets along well with everyone, canine and human alike. The grounds are very nice and kept clean by the other owners and the park itself. They have a monthly watering schedule to keep some grass growing. The small dog park has big trees that provide plenty of shade. There are some water fountains and a place to fill water bowls and buckets. I'd have to say the other owners are the best part. They make it seem like every dog in there is their own. We will be going here every weekend when possible!
4	A nice big space for my dog to play! In my experience, the other dog and owners are friendly and fun!The lawn, trash cans, and water stations are clean and well-maintained. Impressive, considering the circumstances.My only wish, is that it was a little closer to the east end... but, I'll continue to drive the extra distance so my city dog can get some of the exercise and socialization he needs.
4	My new favorite dog park! Pros: 1) For a dog park, It's pretty! It has lots of big trees lining the perimeter which are also great when its hot out and youre seeking a bit of shade.2) Its big! There's lots of space for big dogs to run around and play and If you have a little one, there's a decent, shaded, small dog fenced in area at the back.3) Big parking lotCons:1) Stay clear of the areas near the fence...its often dotted with poop that naughty owners 'forgot' to pick up. The rest of the park is normally really well kept and poop- free.2) Not many chairs or places to sit
3	This park needs a little maintenance and but I still love it. Plus they need a third area for medium sized dogs.
4	There is plenty of room for dogs to run and socialize while the owners sit and chat. There is even a smaller park for small dogs, as well. I like that it's open until 10 PM, but there seems to be some issue with upkeep: one time, the place was locked at 5 PM--and no evidence of any irrigation, so that rules that out--and the other night, we came by at 8 PM and all the lights were out. "It feels like we're walking into a horror movie," I teased my friend. Thankfully, we weren't alone; there was another dog owner who braved the darkness to let his pup get some exercise.The dog parks in Phoenix can't seem to compare to the ones in Los Angeles, but then again, they don't really have to. I like the Petsmart dog park, and the friendly dog owners that meet there, too.
3	We recently moved from Salt Lake City and one of our criterion finding a place to live was proximity to a dog park.  This on isn't more that 3 miles from home, so it's a quick drive over.  If you're new to the area, the dog park is on the east side of the park, right along 21st Ave.  Now, if you're trying to access it from the other side, along Maryland...you can't.  We generally park in the parking lot that has access from Citrus Way and runs up between the Washington Activity Center and the tennis courts.  There is also street parking within view of the park.While we haven't had much social interaction with the other dog owners, there certainly seems to be a well established group, or groups, that attend regularly, if not daily.  We've been bringing our babies here 2-3 times weekly since early July '14.  We love the separation of little and big dogs.  Our corgi loves to chase the big dogs, but we sometimes worry her barking will get her in trouble,  so it's nice to have the shared fences where she can run with the big dogs, without any unfriendly encounters.  There are even some regulars that see her coming and wait for her by the fence :)  Aside from one small incident on the big side, we've never had any trouble with dogs, though it is not unusual for us to hear sudden outbursts of snarls, shouts and growls coming from the big dog park.The small dog side sets the limit at 20 lbs, which is lower than the 30 lbs we've become accustomed to in other areas, but really, it comes down to dogs playing nice.  Our corgi is over 20 lbs (down 10 lbs from when we adopted her, fatty that she was) but we've seen other dogs larger than her there, too.  No one ever seems to mind.  Small dogs are also welcome on the big dog side.Others have mentioned neglected dog poop around the perimeter and this is definitely true.  Yesterday, we picked up three other piles, not dropped by our dogs.  And my husband has stepped in a fresh one at least twice.  As we generally spend our time walking the perimeter, I guess it's our lot.  As for strange closures...only once have we arrived to find the small side closed, though the large side was still open.
