4	4711 West Spring Mountain Road Las Vegas, NV 89102-8700 - (702) 220-7482, 4711 Spring Mountain Rd Las Vegas, NV 89102 (702) 220-7482 ...The food speaks for it self. A must go. I like it. yum!!!!Open Daily 11am-12am"Great place to eat korean barbecue. You can't go wrong. Friendly staff  as well. Am not big on buffets. But this one is good. 4 stars.
1	Let me start out by saying that I although I have traveled to Asia many times, I have not been to Korea and have limited experience with their cuisine.In a word, Woo-Che Asian Grill Buffet is just awful. There are several buffet stations to chose from. The first area is a selection of chilled raw or marinated beef, chicken, and shrimp. You choose what you want and then bring them back to your table which has a built-in grill. Sounds good so far, right? The other stations include a rice station, chilled veggies, sushi and Japanese selections, kimche, and other assorted Korean favorites.Where do I start?The buffet sections that are supposed to be chilled are only slightly cooler then room temperature and the foods that are supposed to be hot are tepid at best. Honestly, I am shocked that the health department hasn't shut them down. Now to the food. Okay, I know I just said that food wasn't kept at proper temperatures...and we should have looked at the buffet before being seated, but the people that I was with decided they wanted to give it a try. I admit to being a sheep...and without protest, I stayed.The unknown meats were somewhat disgusting. OMG, they were so chewy and gristly I had to choke them down or pull bits out of my mouth. The marinated chicken had a weird coloration. Of course, like an idiot, I ate some. The bottom line is that the meats were actually quite bad. The rice was cold, the pieces of stuff they called "sushi" were at room temperature, and the Korean specialties that they offered were not to my liking. That may be due to the fact that I'm unfamiliar with Korean food. Nobody went back for seconds...and this is an all-you-can-eat joint! That says a lot.To boot, it's fairly spendy for lunch at $12.99. Not outrageous, but high considering the food quality. When we drove out of the parking lot we took odds (hey, we're in Vegas!) on whether or not we would get food poisoning. I figured there was a 30% chance I would get sick, but fortunately I was fine and nobody else in my party felt the least bit ill. A miracle. This definitely ranks up there with one of the worst meal experiences I've ever had. Even if they fixed the hot/cold situation, I wouldn't go back. The unfortunate part is that it really turned me off from ever trying Korean food again.
1	You should look into brisket sauce and rice paper.
3	Not bad. Grill your own at your table. Get as much as you want. There is $11.99 happy hour special from 11pm to 3am. Limited selection but quality meat
5	Went for lunch today, 11:15 right after they open. Staff is very friendly, selection is good. Theres a sign that says basically if you waste to much food it'll be 10 more. Makes me more aware of only taking lil portion of things I haven't tried. All in all great value awesome spot to pig out on Korean BBQ.
