2	Stations (casino chain) replaced the Metro Pizza at Boulder Station with (what I believe to be) their own pizza chain called Slices. We avoided it for quite awhile; we finally gave it a try and wished we'd continued to avoid it. We ordered what I consider to be a 2-topping pizza consisting of mushrooms (all over), half pepperoni and half sausage. We were immediately informed that this is a 3-topping pizza and would be charged accordingly. I have never heard of this - is this the new norm? It's always been my experience that two "half" toppings count as one for pricing. How was the finished product? The crust is extremely thin, soggy and lacking flavor; I am usually one to eat the crust edges, but this was so bland, there was no point. The cheese is exceptionally greasy and it didn't go to the edge of the pie. The mushrooms were sparse and carelessly strewn about; however, there was a fair amount of both the pepperoni and sausage. And oregano? It was treated more like a topping than a spice! Why is it many pizza joints think that good pizza should consist of large amounts of oregano? Oregano should enhance the flavor, not BE the flavor! Now, I have a high tolerance for crappy pizza; this pizza was horrible, in my opinion, and being charged for 3 toppings really turned me off. What can I say that was good? The pizza wasn't outrageously priced (compared to other pizza places), it was ready fairly quickly, and they have good quality napkins.
1	Grabbed a slice because there was a huge line for the buffet and we were trying to make a movie. This was quick - though it take her nearly 10 minutes to serve us the rewarmed pizza. Which, by the way, was so molten that it literally MELTED the plate she served it on. When I told her that it couldn't be healthy to eat something that just melted its way through styrofoam, she just gave me a blank stare.That's OK, because - healthily laden with styrofoam shell or not - this pizza was dry, bland, and altogether nasty. Wash there even cheese on it? Not sure. Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore). How is it possible to make sausage flavorless? Dunno, but they managed.On the way out, there was a line of 4-6 people deciding which tasty slice they'd order. As flashed my mutilated plate on my way to the garbage can, I whispered to the one in front, "Save yourself - it's absolutely terrible," and she got the rest of the line to leave with her. Victory.Yech. Should have gone hungry. Just terrible.
4	Not sure what is up with the previous two reviews.  Bad service is one thing.  The pizza on the other hand imo is great, like someone said in a previous post, this is the site of a former metro pizza, and it seems they tried to create their own version, which  is NYC pizza, and I think they did a very god job, the pizza was better the metro's.. which is saying a bit.  I did however go there when they first opened, so things may have changed.  I will go again very soon and make an update. 4.2 stars
4	When to this place today it's a regular pizza place. The only thing is that there was only a pepperoni pizza made maybe we were there a bit early but that seemed weird... Inside the boulder station so great place to go after a movie or before! Nice price and a pretty big slice I'm a pizza lover so I recommend
