1	Rude Owners and dirty unsanitary.. Would not return
1	I went on June 21, 2012 for a pedicure & gel polish. The pedicure was fine and the polish turned out great. The problem came next. At the register, I was going to pay $48 which included tip on my debit card. The lady (cannot remember her name) asked if I would pay $50 & she'd give me $2 back. I didn't really see a problem with it, just that it was strange. I took my $2 and left. When I looked at my statement I noticed the  $50 charge and a $2 atm fee.  I called Fusion Nails and asked about the fee. The acted like they had no idea how their system works and said that they had no idea why my bank would charge a fee. I called my bank (BoA) and they explained that Fusion Nails' $50 charge was not entered as a purchase, but as an atm withdrawal. They have their system set up to avoid merchant fees for debit card usage.  My bank reversed the $2 atm fee.  A customer going into Fusion Salon would have no knowledge of an upcoming atm fee unless told by the employee at checkout.  If you're in need of a manicure of pedicure, pay in cash or find another salon.
1	This is a DISHONEST establishment. They do NOT post a price list and it changes each time you visit. I asked -specifically- for the exact thing I got the previous visit and verified the price was the same. Of course the answer was yes, until it came time to pay. It was $15 MORE. Terrible. Absolutely terrible.
1	Literally the worst place EVER!!!! gave this place two chances and they failed miserably both times!!! The first time the nails just fell off a couple days later. Months later, i try it again. I got them done for a wedding and the good Toon, i think his name was, did an AWFUL job painting my nails. I asked for a simple simple gold tip and he tried to do it and they looked like s**t. So i told him to stop and he told me "well i dont have proper tools to do difficult stuff like this so dont blame me" SERIOUSLY?? i simple painted on tip just in gold???? Yea thats really hard since i went home and did it better than this "professional." Anyways this was 3 days ago and 3 nails have broken off and i went back in tonight for them to tell me i didnt go in and all that. And Toon was there and said he has never seen me before!!!! I was pissed!!! they literally fixed my nails and said if i wanted them to paint them they will charge me $7 so i left with 3 nails WITH NO PAINT ON THEM OR ANYTHING!!!!!
2	Prices are not bad but you get what you pay for.  Twice I have paid an extra 5 for the hot rocks, gave them a second chance, both times they just slid the rock up and down my leg, no massage or technique, very lame.  The place is not as clean and I question whether they properly clean the tools.  I won't be giving them a third try.
4	I've gone to Fusion Nails for 4 years. Over the years, I've learned to only go to Lynn as my nail tech. She is fast and does fantastic work. Each time I've had to go to someone else, it was terrible. Call ahead and make an appt with Lynn. She gets 5 stars, the salon 3 so I settled on 4.
4	Ann is awesome
1	I am new to the area went to Toon for a full set I have been getting my nails done for many years I know what works for me. I mentioned to him they need to be a little thicker I am very had on my nails. He said they won't look natural  we all know they are not natural. He didn't listen they turned out ok. It was barely 2 weeks and I went back for a fill I mentioned again they need to b thicker still didn't listen to me. Less the 2 weeks go by again and I went back because I had 3 nails that broke because again not thick enough I glued the nails.  Told him he needed to replace them which again he didn't listen he finished my nails I left and 2 hrs later one of the cracked nails broke I went back the next day Toon was not there someone else fixed my nails but did not replace it so less the a week later I have all 3 nails broke and glued again... Needless to say I gave this place a chance but I will not be returning and will not recommend this place either.
1	I will NEVER go back to this salon! The guy that did my pedicure was so rude and I was charged for a more expensive type of pedicure that I didn't even ask for! When I told the owner he did nothing about it. Service was very rushed and not worth the price at all. I never saw the pedicure bowls being cleaned out after a customer had left. So gross!!!
5	Amazing service. Everyone is really friendly. I have introduced this place to many of my friends and now they are regulars. This place is by far the best salon in the area. Salon is actually beautiful, especially the one on Power.
5	Great prices!! They really are nice and professional! Very clean! Would recommend this place to anyone and will return!! Also the owner Sara was very nice and gave me water!
5	My go-to nail salon! Lynn is the best. She's fast efficient and her work is beautiful. The salon is always clean and the workers are very friendly. Sarah is amazing as well. She always goes out of her way to make my visit a pleasant experience. Prices are great and the work is long lasting. Can't wait to go back.
