5	Excellent Thai.  Just opened this week so not real crowded, but it will be.Started with some soup with scallions and rice, very good.  Ordered the Green Curry which is a curry paste with coconut milk, eggplant, bamboo shoots yellow peppers, and order it with shrimp (other options are pork, chicken, veggie..probably more).  All very fresh, tasty, cooked perfectly and delicious!   Spice is rated from 3 to 10.  Had it 6 (my usual) and it was very spicy and flavorful.  A ten must be unbelievable.The restaurant is small with a minimalist decor but nice.  The Chef, Penny, came out to greet the tables.  She gets most of the produce from the local markets and only cooks the food to order, so no precooked items.  Also, it is BYOB.For those that live downtown or in the Strip,  you have a new place U can walk to!
5	I have eaten here 4 times now (three times takeout), and have to say... this place is great!  Having been to all of the "good" Thai places in Pittsburgh, this may be my favorite Thai food.  The green curry and red curry are amazing!  Quite possibly the best I've ever had.  The drunken noodles were great.  There is something on the menu in the fried rice section that is topped with an over easy egg... I was a little skeptical at first, but wow!  I will order that again.  I've ordered everything at a 7/10 spicy level, and its perfect for me.  Spicy, but not over powering by any means. The food is made from fresh ingredients, which, can be hard to find in Asian restaurants.The ambiance is nothing special, a nice, clean atmosphere.  There was no one in there when I've been there, but don't be discouraged, there will be once word gets out.  The server was great.The only downside in my opinion is that they don't take American Express... a pet peeve of mine.If you are looking for a great place for Thai, this is it!  Oh, an it's BYOB!!!
5	This is legitimate Thai food. Not a Chinese takeout place's reinterpretation of Thai so that they can jump on the "Thai is cool" bandwagon. This is the real deal. Some flavors appear to have been toned down for the American taste (please don't; or offer an option for "American" or "the real deal"). But this is the best Thai I've had in the northeast. Better than any Thai places I used to frequent in NYC for sure. This is a gem to have in Pittsburgh. I hope everyone supports it!
5	Woohoo!  AMAZING Thai food in Pittsburgh.  No need to settle for sub-par pad thai- this place is what you would get in Thailand- at a solid restaurant.My favorite dish is the Thai Rama Chicken: chicken and vegetables in a light yellow curry with homemade peanut sauce.  It's the peanut sauce that's mind blowing.  Excellent depth of flavor, thick and delicious, and fresh peanuts with a touch of spice.Probably better for takeout than dine-in, but hopefully this place gets plenty of local support and maybe then the restaurant itself will fill out. But really, the food speaks for itself.  In the best way possible.
4	Really enjoyed the food here.  It's definitely been the best Thai I've had in Pittsburgh.  The food is 5 stars for sure.  I ordered the drunken noodles with vegetables.  The spice was just right for me at an 8, and the spices and flavor of the noodles were excellent.  The vegetables accompanied with some basil were also quite fresh and provided a lot of flavor.  Now the only reason it is not receiving 5 stars for me is the lack of ambiance and finishing touches in the place.  It's frankly, barren in the place.  Also, when we were there during the evening it was super cold in the place.  My partner couldn't even take his scarf off.  With that in mind, I would recommend this place to everyone!
3	Maybe I just had bad luck here, but I wasn't impressed with the food. The service was friendly enough, but the food was worse than other Pittsburgh Thai restaurants I've been to. I probably won't be back.
5	(VEGETARIANS!!!!)This was a GREAT THAI find today (Sunday) after we left the Pgh. Home Show... Usually we frequent the Thai Cuisine Restaurant in Bloomfield...but they are undergoing a remodel it would appear... So punched in Thai to Urbanspoon & found this restaurant right in the Strip... First we were greeted w/a friendly smile & taken to a great table on their upper level overlooking the front part of the establishment... Sparce/Stark but simple & modern & done well in my opinion... The cuisine was perfect Thai... Fresh, bright flavors, & nice portions... From ordering to paying our bill...there's nothing I would change... We will definitely be back every chance we get...
2	Food: Little Bangkok has two separate menus online; the standard menu and the vegan menu.  Unfortunately, when a group of 8 of us went, 3 of us intending to order vegan, we were told that over half of the items on the online vegan menu were not actually vegan.  Multiple order requests were shot down for not being vegan and being made with egg or fish sauce.  Even the curry dishes, which at most Pittsburgh Thai restaurants are vegetarian/vegan friendly, were not.  Menu items are ordered on the 1-10 spicy scale.  We split the fresh summer rolls, which were huge and tasty.  Rather than being served as an entire roll, they were cut into individual pieces, like sushi, making it much easier to eat as a group.  No soups were vegetarian friendly.  The non-vegetarian eaters in our party seemed to enjoy the crab wonton, but said they had tasted better in the city.  The Pad Eee Eil was very bland and lacked flavor both at low spicy levels and high.  The sweet and sour was considerably more tasty than the Pad Eee Eil but was not as good as variations from other Pittsburgh Thai restaurants.  The meat eaters in the group seemed to enjoy the green curry and other dishes, but no one was blown away by their meal.    Price: Most appetizers are $6 or less, soup ranges from $5-7 per bowl with hot pot option available, and entrees range from $10-15.  The prices are very reasonable.Drinks: BYOB. There are fees for wine and beer.Atmosphere: The dining room is very modestly decorated and wide open.  Tables can accommodate small and large parties.  We arrived around 7 on a Friday night and we were the only ones in the entire restaurant.  We made a reservation, but this probably isn't necessary.Service: The waiter was attentive and helpful, and did his best despite delivering bad news (for us) about the menu repeatedly.  The staff does not speak great English, and there was some confusion about some of the orders.  One order that was specifically requested not to have egg came out with egg, and that person had to wait for another meal to be prepared while we ate our meals.  The chef came out to apologize and thank us, and she was very friendly.  The staff was patient while we stayed beyond their closing time finishing our wine.(+): affordable, friendly staff(-): average to below-average Thai food, online menu does not match real menuWould I go back again? No. Pittsburgh is loaded with awesome Thai restaurants.  Unless I hear that Little Bangkok has significantly improved, I likely will not go back.
4	Wonderful Thai food - best I've had in Pittsburgh!  Watch out the food is HOT and the portions are big.Some friends ordered two fried apps - the calamari and the wonton.  They were OK, I don't like fried food though, so you should probably take that with a grain of salt.My entree, the Panang curry, tasted wonderful, but was too hot for me (it was set at a 3, don't let that deter you though my taste buds are weak!) so they replaced it with the Massan curry, which was also awesome.I also tried a little Pad Thai and then a meat and vegetable dish that I can't remember the name of - both were great! The only downside was the lack of ambiance, but if you get a table up the stairs in the back of the restaurant it's OK.I'll be going back!
2	There were 8 people sitting in here and the woman said they were "so busy" it would take me 25 minutes to get my food. It's a fucking stir fry, people, it takes seconds! In the end I didn't get my food until *40 minutes later*. Seriously. And it wasn't that great (pad see eil with tofu).
5	I walked by the place a few times when they first opened, but seriously, the other Asian places on the strip are so hit and miss, I did not want to be the guinea pig.  Finally ate there last night, because of the Pirates game, and not wanting to have to fight traffic at Nicky's.I am going to be hitting this place as often as I can until I get burned out.  Wife had the drunken noodles.  She asked for spice level 6, which was still really mild,  Really really really delicious!  She had it with beef, which is not a tenderized type of meat you get in most places, but a hard cooked really well seasoned kind of dried out chunks of meat, which is EXACTLY how you get it in the home of a Thai.  REALLY authentic.I got he Pad Kra Tiem (garlic) with beef.  Spice level 6.  Mine was nice and spicy, absolutely great!!!  And, just ask for extra crushed peanuts, and you also ask for the side platter of seasonings.Oh, and got the spring riolls as well.  They are vegan, and amazingly good!  Instead of a couple of big rolls wrapped in rice paper, you get a platter, of smaller rolls, that are sliced up and served around a bowl of peanut sauce.The one thing I hate about most Thai places is, they do not use galangel, or tamarind, and you leave the place saying, "it LOOKED nice, but the taste was missing something..."  Well, you will not get that "missing something" at this place.  If you do not like the food here, it is because you just have a different flavor profile than I do.  I spent years in the Air Force, long enough ago so that most of my supervisors had Thai wives, and this food nailed what I used to get when I would go to their homes for dinner.
2	I've been here twice for takeout, and I have been disappointed both times. I've tried the  Drunken noodles and Pad thai, and both were bland and unappetizing. I did try the summer rolls, which were enjoyable with fried tofu, noodles, mint, and basil. Unfortunately, that's not enough to lure me back.   Side street parking
4	Great stuff!  They are obviously still working in the building but the food was great and the waiter was very attentive.
5	An absolutely lovely experience. Excellent service and sumptuous food. I had the red curry with shrimp, my partner had pineapple curry with tofu, and we shared the chicken satay, which came with TWO out of this world sauces - a perfectly balanced peanut sauce and one with red onion and cucumber. We arrived at about 5:30 PM on a Thursday night in July, and had the place all to ourselves, which was totally amazing given how awesome this place is. (Maybe we just got lucky since it was early. Also - parking was no problem - the lot behind Penn Mac was empty at that time of day.) Our waitress was gracious and attentive, and the food came out FAST! Just for the sake of comparison: We love Nicky's on the North Side, and I have to say that this place is every bit as good. A $25 restaurant.com gift certificate lured me in, and I will definitely be back.
4	We had a good experience with the food and the service when we went.We ordered as an appetizer the "chicken saute" and split an entree of "pad see ew".
3	Pretty good stuff-had the red curry and my wife tried the pad Thai. Food. Was quite tasty but heat (temperature) was just not quite there, which kinda bothered me. I would definitely go back again.
2	The Tom Kha was thick and syrupy instead of light and citrusy and my food was so peppery that I could barely eat it.
5	Pumpkin curry was AMAZING!!! So cute and byob. Must try!
3	I was in the mood for some spicy thai food to fight off the cold on this snowy Sunday afternoon. While Nicky's had just opened downtown, we were looking for some coffee and other supplies in the strip and I figured I'd give this place a shot. The restaurant is sparsely decorated, having two levels with a dozen or so tables. We were shown to our seat and presented with a lunch menu. A handful of curries and popular noodle dishes, all from $7-9, plus a few appetiziers, Tom Yum Soup, and a few rice dishes. Their full menu is also available at lunch, with prices in the $12-15 range.The waiter gave us  water and took our order, each of us getting a chicken Tom Yum Soup and me getting a green curry with beef(10 spicy), and my friend getting a chicken Pad See Eil(7 spicy). The soup arrived first, sadly not being very flavorful - Mostly of standard chicken broth with an afterthought of lemongrass. It had a few pieces of carrot and some cilantro and flavorless chicken, and no spice to be found at all.The main dishes arrived shortly after - I wasn't able to try my friend's Pad See Eil, but the green curry was passable. Containing mostly peppers and bamboo shoots, the few pieces of beef were tough, but the flavor of the green curry was decent enough to satisfy me. The curry was full of chiles, but unfortunately they did little to provide the spice I was hoping for. I'd have rated the dish I was given at a 6 or so. My friend was able to finish her Pad See Eil, but had no strong words to say about it one way or the other. The service was quick, but water was never refilled. The whole experience cost about $25 which I thought was a decent price for lunch. The portions were satisfying, not huge(But I also decided go without rice), which left me in a good mood and ready to wander through the snow again.If I'm ever in the Strip, I'd consider stopping by again, but it's more likely that I'll wind up at Nicky's. For a quick thai food fix, though, the fare here is decent
4	The kind of Thai food you want in the neighborhood. Well spiced, with each dish having distinct flavors. Not dumbed down. The kind of place to take your friends who know and like Thai food.4-stars, since we've only been once (which will be remedied soon, I'm sure).
4	Just ate there tonight. Everything was excellent. Veggies were fresh an believe them when they something is spicy. The staff were friendly and helpful.
4	I ate here this past Sunday afternoon with my girlfriend and her parents for lunch.  My girlfriend and I have walked by this place many times in the past but had kept it on our list of places to try.  We arrived here at about 11:15 or so and the place was completely empty.  As a matter of a fact after we seated what looked like a fresh cut flower was placed on every table except for ours, presumably not to interrupt us.  It was then that I noticed the beautiful bouquets of fresh flowers by the door.  Other than the flower though, the place seemed fairly plain.  After we were seated, we were given menus opened to the lunch special page.  What I liked about it is that they had about 20 or so choices that all cost exactly the same depending on the type of meat that you were getting and only one item on the lunch menu cost more than the rest. Since I normally eat the same thing at every Thai place, I decided to switch it up and went with the beef Jungle Curry at a spice level 10 out of 10.  It was a non coconut based curry with eggplant, bamboo, baby corn, bell pepper, carrot and a side of rice.  We also decided to have the fish cakes and crab wontons appetizer.  The appetizer came out first and was pretty good.  The crab wontons had a good savory filling and were much more delicate than I expected and paired nicely with the sweet and sour sauce.  Meanwhile the fish cakes were not what I was expecting as they sort of looked, felt and tasted like sausage but were still good.  As a nice surprise our lunch specials were also served with soup which none of us had noticed on the menu.  The soup was a light broth with some carrots, other vegetables and tofu in it and carried and had a very pleasing heat and the finish.  Finally my Jungle curry was very good.  The spice level was prefect and I also thought that most of the flavors were good as well.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again in the future.  All of the food that I tried was good, they put a good amount of spice in my food and I thought that the lunch specials were very affordable and fair for what you got.
4	I've been here twice and the food was excellent.  However, I don't  have a lot of Thai experience so I am not sure if this is the best Thai food or the worst Thai food, but it was the best I have ever had.    When ordering they ask you for you spice/heat level with 1 being mild and 10 being hot.   I've order at the higher end but didn't seem like ti was unbearably hot or spicy.    I have heard though that the number varies based on the cook, so your experience may differ.
4	I have eaten in a lot of Thai places, over 20 in the past years and at all price ranges.  I have to say that this place is pretty good in comparison.  Went for lunch and was seated immediately.  Menu is not too big and you order you food on a scale from 1-10 in spice.  When ordering this way (which is common in Thai) I usually get an 8 because I like it hot.  My friend got a 5.  Mine was a bit too spicy for her and her 5 did not have enough spice for me but, both were very good.  Our order was drunken noodles and basil chicken.  It is BYOB.  There is not a lot of seating but it is worth a try.
4	We love this place!  Every time we've gone, we always end up saying, this is some of the best Thai we've ever had.  Bonus points for the ginger tea, which is heavenly!
5	This may be my new favorite thai place! The drunken noodles were awesome. Tons of veggies and chicken and a delicious sauce with the perfect amount of basil to cool your mouth off. And it's BYOB, with a corkage fee, which is just the icing on the cake as far as I am concerned.My friend stated that this may be her new favorite Pad Thai place. Took the hubbie on a different occasion and he stated that he still prefers Red Bowl's Pad Thai, in Cranberry, but that this was a nice change. Service was very friendly and fast. They offer take out and lunch options as well. The red curry with chicken was also amazing, I ordered it for takeout on a separate occasion (I've been here 3 times, and considering it's at least an hour drive from our home, thats a VERY good sign!)
4	Little Bangkok was next in line for my self appointed mission to eat at every Thai restaurant in the city and surrounding area. I know! Not a bad task!!! I embrace it with enthusiasm! And so it was that the four us set out to try this peculiar little store front on Penn avenue. We brought a bottle of champagne to celebrate some recent events and elected to sit outside on a gorgeous day at one of the 2 or 3 tables on the crowded sidewalk. Although it can be, at first, distracting with all the pedestrian traffic, we settled in to some people watching, aided by the champagne. Yum. The menu has some different entrees than other Thai places and to aid in your selection, there are poster boards with photos of some of the food surrounding you. To be frank, these pictures look like grade school attempts at food photography and are more off putting than enticing. But ignore those. The food is way better than those pics!!We started with some fresh spring rolls which I always find to be a good test of what the food may be like. These were superb! Fresh ingredients and super tasty. Highly recommended. I ordered the Pad Kraw Pow - minced chicken and bell peppers in a spicy basil sauce over steamed rice and topped with two sunny side up eggs. It was quite tasty and the spice level was as requested. My only minor complaint is that the chicken was minced a little too fine for my taste. I would rather have had it in chunks. My wife got the Pad Kra Tiem with mixed seafood and was the hands down winner. Over a bed of veggies and with loads of garlic and pepper sauce, this was a knockout. The two vegetarians ordered tofu dishes - drunken noodles and drunken rice - both huge hits. I sampled just a taste and wholeheartedly agree. Delightful! Service was a tad slow but not annoyingly so. Could be because we ate outside. We didn't get charged the listed $3 corkage fee which was a nice bonus! If you're in the strip and are craving some flavorful Thai food, you can't go wrong here!! Try it!!
4	We're on a family mission with our girls to explore all the Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh. Little Bangkok in the Strip on Penn Ave. was Sunday's choice and what a pleasant surprise it turned out to be! Everything the 4 of us ordered was delicious! We started with fresh spring rolls with 12 pieces on the plate. Nice size serving and tasty. I loved the Pad Kra Tiem with a flavorful garlic and pepper sauce over lots of veggies with seafood. Mussels, shrimp, scallops and calamari in that delectable sauce. Call me happy! My hubby ordered the Pad Kra Pow, a basil sauce with chicken and topped with 2 over easy eggs. There was some yummy sampling back and forth with both our dishes.  The girls ordered Drunken Noodles and Drunken Fried Rice, both with tofu. Both loved the flavors and although the names sounded similar, they were very different and each tasty in their own right. They're pretty picky on the preparation of their tofu and both were very pleased and their entrees were large enough to take a lot home.There are some unique and delicious flavors coming out of this Thai kitchen and I'm looking forward to going back again very soon!
5	I really like thai food.  I've been to a lot of thai places around the country and this is my favorite.  The yum salad is very unique and I love the drunken noodles with tofu.  And I would also recommend the summer roles.  It is a great place for lunch or a great place to grab dinner before a night out.
4	One of my favorite thai restaurants! The rice and spring rolls were so yummy as well as the vegetable broth!
3	Little Bangkok is a solid option for Thai food in the area. It is by no means, however, among the best in Thai food that the city has to offer.I had the pad kra pow with minced chicken over rice with bell peppers in a basil sauce with a fried egg. It was good, but slightly on the salty and oily side. My companion had the pad see ew, which he described as mediocre. I was not impressed with the flavor of his dish.Prices were a little steep for the flavor and quality of the food.The service is good, the restaurant is clean and bright. We arrived on a Thursday evening at 7:30pm; there were only 2 other patrons in the restaurant with us.Overall, Thai Gourmet in Bloomfield is still the best value and taste in Pittsburgh's Thai food scene.
3	I ordered the Bangkok Spicy Basil with Shrimp as well as the fish cake appetizer. The Bangkok Spicy Basil was made with brown chili sauce infused with Thai basil, onion, mushroom, bell pepper, bamboo, broccoli, and jalapeno in a spicy level # 5. The ambiance of the restaurant is very lovely and each table is adorned with a small vase of fresh flowers.  Apparently the kitchen is up a short flight of wooden stairs.  The waitress ran up and down the stairs to get orders and this made a loud raucous and was distracting from the meal and not very thoughtful to the diners. I am not sure if the restaurants knows just how loud it sounds to hear them running up and down the stairs.  The food tasted good, but it was not better than either of the Nicky's Thai restaurants and the service was impersonal.
1	I am still waiting for my thai food. I have been here for 45 minutes and only had the soup. The staff is lacking personality bordering on rude and the staffing to handle the lunch rush of a December Monday is ludicrous.
4	I heart Thai food. When on a recent mission to try as many Thai places in Pittsburgh as possible, Little Bangkok came up on my radar. What a little gem this place is! Small storefront that opens up to a larger than expected dining space in this Strip District location. Not overly Thai in the decor, but comfortable enough. But I'm not looking for multiple Buddhas or golden elephant statues. I'm hungry! And Little Bangkok delivers on flavor!The summer rolls were filled with delicious, fresh basil and mint, very refreshing and a welcome start to a good meal. The crispy veggie Bangkok roll was lightly fried and served with a sweet plum sauce that I couldn't get enough of. But the highlight for me was my entree. The drunken noodles were crazy good. These wide, stir fried rice noodles are incredible. Light and filling at the same time, drenched with a spicy basil sauce that made me want to lick my plate. The tofu was well cooked, not mushy or overly spongy like I've experienced elsewhere. My wife got the drunken rice and it was a delicious dish also. After my first visit here, I dreamt of those fat, exquisite rice noodles. I craved them. I ordered drunken noodles from another Thai restaurant, but it didn't hold a candle to Little Bangkok. So my next visit, I ordered them again. And I was thrilled that they were everything I recalled from my first visit. I'd be hard pressed to order anything else from this tasty menu until I can get those drunken noodles out of my system!I'm thrilled that we found this yummy Thai treat in the strip! Looking forward to having another round of drunken noodles again in the near future!
3	I met a friend here between my rehearsals one day, and we each had an hour and a half for lunch.  This place is definitely quick enough for a lunch break, if you have budgeted time.I like the relaxed vibe this place gives off.  There is a nice little vase of flowers on each table.  The waiter tried to seat us at a two top right by the door when we came in, which was kind of rude, as the place was empty.  I understand trying to sell small tables is hard, but when it's deserted, you don't do that.  We ended up moving to the upper level, which is much better.We started off with the Fish Cakes ($6).  I've never tried this dish, but I liked it a lot.  They're just fried fish patties, but they were good.  The presentation was very nice as well.Since I had to go sing, I couldn't get my Pad Thai with chicken ($11) spicy at all (Curse you, acid reflux.).  However, the portion was good, and I enjoyed the dish.  It was enough for two meals, for sure.Our server was good, and we had water refills throughout the meal.  As much as I enjoyed my meal, though, I don't think this place is anything "special."  But it's definitely good food for a good price.
3	I will admit I haven't been to a 100 Thai places. Little Bangkok on the Strip is a cool little stop. I went with the Little Drunken fried rice added the chicken.  I was jealous of one of the other plates of food at the table. It just looked better. My lunch was good, heavy garlic, level 4 on spice but I wanted more color. Lord knows the wife won't be kissing me because the garlic will be with me all night. Whew! Anyway, the service was very good, clean, but we had to ask for water twice. I mean why the small glasses of water then? Water is free or leave a pitcher. The is very good price for the strip as well. The next time I go I need to go with a different choice on the menu for sure. Cheers!
5	This is my go to place for Thai food. I go here about twice a month, at least, for lunch. The place is normally never packed, which is great for lunch, but it is by no means empty. Some of my favorite dishes here are their Tom Kar hot pot, drunken noodles, and Pad Kra Tiem; however, my favorite dish is their Thai Rama Chicken. Thai Rama Chicken is chicken satay turned into an entree...very delicious peanut sauce and the chicken is grilled wonderfully. I've been to many Thai restaurants and can't recall any others having something similar to this with even going out of my way a couple times to ask other Thai restaurants if they could make it (to no avail).
5	My husband and I ride our tandem from our home near the Water Front to the Strip most Saturdays year round. We discovered Little Bangkok a few years ago just after it opened at this location. We eat lunch there almost every Saturday. We love Thai food, and this has become one of our favorite places. The waiter and now the owner have come to know us, but the service has always been very attentive. My favorite is the Drunken Noodle, which I usually have with chicken. It is always a good mix of flavors, and there is just something so satisfying about the texture of the wide noodles. My husband's favorite is Spicy Basil. Their spicing is so good that we don't have to ramp up our numbers to get some kick. We always start out with veggie Tom Yum, which is a symphony of textures and flavors. We have tried other things on the menu, which are always good, but seem to come back to this standard order. He likes to accompany his with Thai iced tea. I recommend the ginger tea, a spicy brew that is just right with the food. Most recently, I got home from a conference where all the food was good, but bland, and we almost raced there for a lunch that woke up our senses.
5	I love Little Bangkok! It's my favorite Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh. The atmosphere is modern and quiet. Very friendly staff and I never had any issues with our service. Go here!
4	After exploring the Strip district for a few hours, my friend and I were in the mood for Thai food. This place had a good bustle of customers, so we checked it out for lunch! I had the pad see eil with tofu, and my friend had the pineapple curry. Mmmmm.+ The server was very polite and friendly. Even though there were a lot of customers, she didn't take long to get our order. Food also came out quickly! + You can choose your spiciness level from 1 to 10. I am a wimp and picked 2, and it was a comfortable level for me. My friend got 7, and even as a fan of spicy food, it was pretty hot for her. Be warned... they seriously mean business about their spiciness level. + Portion size was good for less than $10. I got to take some leftovers home.  + I don't know too much about Thai cuisine, but I was happy with my food. It was very tasty.I was pretty satisfied with Little Bangkok, and I would visit it again if I was nearby!
5	Wonderful.... The best thai in the berg!!The place is awesome! The service and food are amazing! Place is a bit quiet and hidden but don't be afraid to give it a shot. Everyone that we've sent there loves it. A 10!!
5	This is my favorite place to eat lunch in the strip...  Try to go about once a week.  Friendly staff and great food, fast.
2	The pineapple curry was tragic. Throwing chili flakes on as an after thought isn't "spicy," it's trashy. I tried to like it, as I like most places in the strip. The pad thai was even below average. I definitely wouldn't go again with so many delicious options nearby.
