5	Wow, I LOVE this place!  I've done a lot of yoga, with a lot of different instructors, and Paige and Nan are by far my favorites. I've done the yin, power, and flow classes and all were excellent.  Power is my favorite - I consider myself a decent athlete (maybe not a great yogi), and Paige challenged me so much in the power class that my legs were shaking well before it was over!  In the yin class, she challenged everyone from serious yogis who were doing the splits and complicated arm stands to a 12-year old kid in the class!  The environment is very welcoming and changes with each class.  There are your standard relaxing scenes with focus on breath and the different chakras, but there's also a yoga for teens class where I've heard they play T.I. and Michael Jackson and I've even seen a yoga for kids class on the schedule.  Only drawback is that I don't live in Phoenix, so I can't be a regular here.  Next time I'm visiting my parents, I'll definitely be back - maybe to try out the hot yoga!
5	I've been to lots of yoga studios around phoenix and this is by far my favorite. It has such an intimate and inviting atmosphere. Also, the classes are great and not jam packed with students. The perfect yoga studio all around.
5	I took my first yoga course at Second Heart Yoga. It was wonderful! Nan was very sweet and helpful. The environment is very relaxing and I felt comfortable trying something new in the company of such warm people.I've also enjoyed the Sunday morning Yoga for charity. Nan led a class outside. Enjoying the nature and the relaxed flow of the course was a wonderful feeling.
5	Great studio! Small and inviting, this studio will have you hooked with your first class. They even offer kids care for those who need a babysitter. Check it out....
5	Great little spot.  Very calm and inviting just walking in, with the high ceilings and old wood floors.  Nan is always welcoming as well.  Space is small, but not in a negative way, feels like a perfect size for its purpose.  Twice I've done the Friday night yoga nidra taught by Elise, and it was wonderful.  Planning to come back also on Tuesdays for the kids yoga for my daughter.
5	Second Heart Yoga offers affordable, pay as you go yoga classes for all levels of students.  It is not intimidating.  It is comfortable to walk in off the street and catch a class.  The teachers are very friendly.  I highly suggest that you check it out if you live in the area and enjoy yoga.
5	I recently moved here to Phoenix and was looking for a great space to continue my practice.  A yoga instructor myself, my expectations may be somewhat high.  So far, I've been to several studios in the valley and this one wins!  This one is the "real deal".  Some things you can't really put into words - if you want a solid yoga experience taught by qualified teachers in a safe environment, then you've just found it.
5	Fabulous neighborhood yoga studio, friendly and experienced staff, a wonderful place to roll out your mat.
