3	Who wants to be the first to write a review on a mortuary? Someone has to do it and if I can help anyone else, than thats enough for me.I found Abel a few years back when my mother in law passed away. Through http://www.funerals-ripoffs.org/  It is a local business here in the valley. I urge anyone that is planning a service to check them out. Funeral homes take advantage of the loved ones left behind in their most vulnerable moments. Sad but true. My mother in law ended up going somewhere else because the family felt that she should be in a more "upscale" place, and with the same people that buried my father in law. (I will write another review for that place, which was GREAT but pricey) Abel is not in the best of neighborhoods. There is graffiti on the  window when you first get to the entrance and on the outside there are a few spots of graffiti. I feel it is the owners responsibility to have that removed out of the respect for the families they service.With that being said, Abel is a small family owned and operated business. Their prices are better than anywhere in the valley. You can even ask for the Good Shepherd prices, like I did years ago and they even beat that by a few hundred dollars for cremation. So really, there is no need to with all the billboards they have up around the valley. For some families that are strapped for money, Abel is great. I did find Andrew easier to work with than the owner Spencer. I felt I was bothering him for some reason by taking up his time. I was also upset when I asked about if my parents remains be placed in these beautiful cloissinee vases I have here at home and inquired about sealing them since they have no lid. He told me "Well I can't make a lid magically appear"  I think I still was in shock over my fathers sudden death to even say anything. When I picked up my fathers remains I asked about a flag since he was a vet. He did offer to fill out paperwork for me, and told me if I want, to go to any local post office they should have a stack of them there and I would have to have it properly folded if I wanted to. I ended up contacting the veterans cemetary. I would rather have my fathers flag handed to me by a vet than a mortician anyway.  Wrapping up this review, I feel if a family is strapped for cash, Abel is ok. Maybe I was just hypersensitive-go figure.  Thats why I saved this review and added to it a month later to post. I advise everyone to visit the website about funeral rip offs that I posted. Death is a big business. Better to be informed now, than later when you can't think straight.
5	I couldn't have asked for a better experience.  I was going through a very difficult time and Abel made everything so bearable.  I would recommend them to anyone needing cremation services.  The price was exactly what I was quoted on the phone.
5	Can't recommend Abel high enough. It takes a lot of skill to help people smoothly during a difficult time.
5	Abel Funeral Home did not pressure us about anything when we told them our wishes for our father's cremation and service. Brian was helpful and he listened to what we wanted. There was no hard sell, the arrangements were perfect, and my father was honored as a Veteran of the Korean War at the National Memorial Cemetery. Death is inevitable and it's nice to know all funeral homes are not all about the money.
5	I have no previous experience with any other funeral homes, so I have nothing to compare this one too. Based on my own experience, I will say this is as good as this type of place can get. I felt crazy, out of my mind when the time came to meet with the place that would handle the cremation of my dad. I had never had anyone close to me pass away and felt like such a kid trying to handle all of these "grown up" affairs. I dealt with the receptionist on the phone all the way to one of the owners (when they were short staffed one day) throughout my experience with this facility. Each and everyone one of them had such empathy and were so kind. What I most feared from a place like this was up selling. They did NONE of that here. I got the basic direct cremation and paid for it without a single sales pitch. The next day I was the one who returned and said I feel my dad should be placed in a nicer urn. That is when I was helped by one of the owners. I showed him the one I wanted and that is what he ordered. Again, no up selling. They were as empathetic as I would hope and I had zero sales pressure. They were just a really kind group of people providing me a service nobody wants to have to subscribe to in the most professional way they could. I appreciate my experience here so much.
