5	I rented a Spot GPS personal locator over the interwebs from LowerGear for a hiking trip to the Grand Canyon, Zion, Sedona, etc--- they shipped it to me where I was staying in Southern California and helped me do all of the online setup over the phone. When the trip was over, I put it back in the box and used the return label they provided to send it back. Then I got a thank you email saying they received it and that I could expect the charge to go through.Seamless!They were ultra helpful on the phone and even gave me advice on where to find some specialized items that they don't carry.I wish we had a LowerGear in California, I will definitely be calling them again if I need a GPS rental or can think of anything else they can help me with. I want to give them my business!  Thanks guys!!:)
5	Very helpful! Looking for backpack to use for Grand Canyon trip and he not only helped us, but allowed us to pick his brain for knowledge in hiking, camping, etc. We ended up with hiking poles (used but in great shape at a great price) and a pack that we can use for our current trip, plus future travels! They have gear to rent, used gear to buy and new gear. Check this out!
5	Best customer service! I have all kinds of gear but its in Yosemite with my park ranger husband and I'm in Phoenix, so when I got the last minute call from some friends to do a rim to rim at the Grand Canyon, I panicked. But after calling everywhere in Flagstaff and Phoenix, LowerGear saved the day (maybe the guy that helped me is named Dallas, not sure), and tracked down the exact rental pack I wanted - same pack I have sitting in CA - and made sure it adjusted properly before I headed north for a fun weekend. Coming out of the canyon and driving back, took a little longer than expected and I was a bit late bringing the pack late, but I called them from the road and they were very accommodating (they might consider a night drop for returns since weekday hours are same as work hours but they're so accommodating maybe they don't need it). Love the Gregory Deva for my gear, and am completely sold on LowerGear Store for any rental or replacement needs - highly highly recommend for selection and customer service!!!! And I thought it was very reasonably priced for rental of some high quality gear.
2	I placed an order with this company almost 2 months before a hiking trip and was sorely disappointed with the service/organization.  Firstly, I never received an email confirmation after placing my order; I had to call them to convince myself that they had my order.  To be safe, I had specified the gear to arrive 2 days before I needed it - just in case!  Well, turns out my conservatism paid off.  I called lowergear the day before the gear was to arrive to confirm that the shipment was on it's way, but the rep told me he had forgotten to ship my gear (oops!) and that the order was currently in his hands, unfulfilled!  I told him to overnight the gear in order to make good on my order, but I was told that overnight shipping would cost them more than my order total, and therefore the best they could do was a two day ship (one day late).  At that point I was pretty furious (their screw-up was not my problem!), but I was in a catch 22 because I needed the gear for my trip!  So I accepted the delay and they took $10 off my order.The only reason I'm not giving them 1 star is because the gear was actually just fine, but beware of this company.  If you order from them be prepared to do some babysitting during the process because they cannot be relied upon.
1	Very disappointed. Upon recommendation from someone else, I placed an order to rent a GPS for an international trip two weeks ahead of time. I received an email that the order was received and that I would get a tracking number as soon as it was shipped. Unfortunately, when they never happened I called. Had to leave a message but no one called back. I called again only to find out that they were out of the product but had never bothered to tell me. Had I known sooner, I could have gotten one from someone else. As it is, I'm basically out of luck. I was told to use my phone. Definitely not happy with this very poor service.
