3	Located on the famous Las Vegas Restaurants Row this little dive bar is hidden in a strip mall offering live music,booze and bar food-appetizers,wings,fingers,subs and pizza.Nothing much to look at, pretty small but a neighborhood bar for locals with decent food. The pizza could've been cooked a little longer-limp crust. The philly was cooked-ribeye steak with cheeze & onions,peppers and mushrooms.WHAT is with NOBODY using WHIZ!!!!Not bad for a bar but nothing spectacular. Now that I know they deliver I might get some fingers and wings another time.
5	I love going to Motor City to visit old friends. Definitely a motley crew hangs out here. Great place for cheap drinks ($2 PBR and $4 Jameson shots...which is cheap for Vegas) and the bartenders are always ready to join you for a shot (my love to Brett, Fred, Scott, Daniella, Jena). If you are looking for a fancy-shmancy place...don't come here because they will laugh at you the minute you walk in. If you want a place to chill out, have an inexpensive drink and engage in some interesting conversation (usually about music) then you have found your Graceland.
5	No Kitchen anymore and Im glad we dont need food, just booze. A very chillax spot sometimes a band (GoldTop Bob) is great for blues night. DJ Swami is sometimes there spinning some old school vinyl while you shoot some pool. A fine place to kick back with some outtstown friends as well. Brett Rules!!!!!
4	Motor City is located in a strip mall off Paradise. You'll miss it if you're not looking for it, as it is lost in the sea of neon signs. It's a typical Las Vegas bar, although it does have a stage area with seating. They do a lot of live music, and currently have a new bartender who is booking shows. I know her, as she is my very good friend!Overall, this is a cool place to grab a drink, usually very quiet during the day and kind of busy at night and on the weekends. if you're looking for live music (metal, punk, etc) head down here.
4	If I can go to a bar, find a seat AND get a drink for $5, that deserves two stars alone. When's the last time you got a drink with top shelf liquor for $5? If you had to think about it as long as I did, then you should head over to Motor City at your earliest convenience. Sure it's in a dicey shopping center. Sure, there might be vagrants wandering in and out of the bar, but the place has character, the drinks are cheap and the live bands...well, they were actually really good when I was there! This is a cash only venue, but like I said, $20 will get you a long way in here. I'll definitely be back and ready to get my money's worth!
4	As far as dive bars goes, this is the crown jewel. It rocks for drinks and the bartender Gina is a blast. An entertaining bunch of people in this place where the locals are local. I love drinks and the setup. Good prices, good pours, and super cool bartenders. I will be there again. Only minus is they dont serve food. You can get it next door but its much better if its all in one. Also the fod next door is Italian and Pizza mostly. So in a bar I want a bar burger and some calamari.. not pizza.. just fyiSee u there!
