2	OK we all know about the merchandise. Looks expensive, is expensive and everyone likes it.... My problem was with the customer service this time. I have to admit, I have gone to this shop before and it was just fine, but this one time, no. There was a sign at the door which said 40% off one men's item, not specification on anything else. (for father's day) So I went and picked up a shirt and proceeded to pay. I waited and then when it was my turn walked up. Then I was told that the item I picked is not included in the promo being it is new. I then said that I didn't want it. The cashier then said something, not sure if to the person next to her or to her headset, and then said they will honor it. During the whole transaction the person made no eye contact, when she talked I didn't know if it was to me or to the headset. No greeting, no thank you nothing. I was the one who said thank. It looked like they were doing ME a favor by selling me the shirt!!!TSA agents are more friendly and courteous.
4	I'm usually an Express guy, thought i'd try out banana republic while i was in Gilbert getting some of that "Frost" Gelato...walked in, the Service was just amazing, i believe the associates name was Brody or Brandon, forgot the name (sorry) the guy had good style & was very helpful. BR shirts fit great & looks great!
5	For all you seasoned yelpers out there, I opened an account just to give this specific BR store a review....though I'm sure I'll be back to provide more reviews as my Dad taught me to give credit where credit is due. I recently moved to the area and needed some assistance with a handbag I purchased at BR well over 5 years ago.  This bag went with me everywhere and worked with almost anything.  Recently, the sealant on the side of the shoulder strap began to tear and crack.  I visited another BR while living in a different state and the only help I received was "get it fixed at a leather repair shop."  No attempt whatsoever to make it right.  After visiting numerous leather repair shops, they sent me back to BR as there was nothing they could do.  Again, I love this bag and quickly drove myself to my nearest BR ready for a throw down.  The initial salesperson was helpful, but not very encouraging.  She gave me the usual "this looks like normal wear and tear," but asked to take my beloved bag and show it to her manager-Brody.  Days passed and I was I sure that there was nothing they would do, however, the salesperson called me back to assure me that the manager would look into it, but I needed to wait as he was out of town.  Well, Monday arrived and I received a call from Brody.  He was personable and had already gone the extra mile by calling customer service.  He told me that he would be unable to replace the bag (I figured that), but was willing to send me a VERY generous gift card to use towards the purchase of another bag...WIN!  And, this was no wimpy gift card, but enough to purchase almost any bag in their store.  In fact, I've already spotted a ringer for my bag that should be in the store soon.  No arguments, no hassle, no brush off.  I've read reviews regarding BR's return policy, so I was doubtful I would get any help at this point, but BR has changed how I look at their product...Thanks, Brody!
3	Very helpful staff.  The store is as great as every other Banana Republic but this one was ridiculously hot inside.  When you're selling $100 sundresses in an outdoor shopping mall in the nations hottest state, why would you want to skimp on the A/C?  Let you customers cool off while they shop and before they try on your clothes and wipe their sweat all over the inside of them.
