3	This Resort is a few years old. I was there in April 07.  They have two Club De Soleil. The second one is about a block west of this one. If you check in after 2ish. You better call before you arrive to see which resort  you need to go to before your cab drops you off.  While we were there. People were showing up to a closed lobby. While you are checking in. Be sure to talk to Paul the concierge. He will set you up with a hand full of free stuff. We got  Brunch, $25 gift card, two coaster tickets and $25 toward dinner.  If you are a golfer. Ask which courses they use. I saved $50 on my tee time. Oh, ask him to do a yo-yo trick too.The pictures you see here are from my point of view. Just showing you what I saw during my stay from the room I was in on the second floor bldg# 3.  They serve breakfast twice a week when I was there.They have 2 free shuttles that run on the top of the hour and takes you to 4 locations on the strip. Ed the shuttle driver is fun. All of them are nice.  You can also use the bus system ($2) to take you to the strip. You can walk to local stores for food. You can take a 20min walk to The Orleans casino.For the price I paid.  It was good.
3	During my last visit to Vegas, we stayed here because a friend of mine had connections with someone who worked here, so we were able to get a discounted rate. We had a two bedroom suite which was quite roomy and very well-kept. Since it was off the strip, we saved a lot of money which was great since that meant more money to go towards our activities. And there was a free shuttle service that we utilized as much as we could, but when we didn't feel like waiting til the top of the hour, we just took the next cab. Overall this place was nice, the pool and jacuzzi was clean and we had fun killing time on their mini-golf course.
3	The Club De Soleil is located on Tropicana just up from the O'rleans Hotel and Casino.I went there on Valentines weekend because it provided an excellent rate for a busy Las Vegas weekend. The room was nice, but lacked any type of seating that you would normally expect in a "resort vacation complex" or "time share." It was nice for a weekend stay, but  Ican not imagine someone investing in this as a time share unit.The larger two bedoom units have a great number of living room amenities, but the small units just barely exceed an average hotel room.The bath tub is large - best thing about the room.The refrigerator is cold ....... yey ! !  for drink storage. The check in is not coordinated - as there are two units ( phase one and phase two) of Club Soleil right together. I went and checked in the first location, they asked me if I was an owner, I said no and they sent me down the street. I checked in there - and  the very nice desk clerk - A- could not find a record of my reservation  B- gave me a room in the buiding unit where I first checked in and C- said "they should have checked you in ..... maybe they did not         understand ?????All being said and done. The price for the room was super.Saved money for the weekend evening activitiesThe location is a bit off the strip, but with a car it is only 7 minutes to  the MGM.However - the price is right ...........
3	We stayed at this resort from July 14 to the 21st in 2009.  We traded a week of our Premier rated timeshare for this Premier rated timeshare (rated by Interval International).  I really debated whether to give this a 3 star rating or a 2 star.  I decided it really deserves 3 stars, but the deception that it is one of Interval International's highest rated resorts does make me mad.First off, as you travel West from the Las Vegas strip or the 15 freeway, you will come to a Club Du Soleil location.  We turned into this location, parked and entered to register only to see an abandon reception desk.  A small sign on the desk tells us we need to get back in the car, and drive further down Tropicana to another Club Du Soleil location.  We did that. The staff seemed very friendly, and this second location looked very nice, we, however, were assigned a room at the location we just came from, so back in the car and to the other location.  Please note, this was the hottest week so far in Las Vegas, we are talking about 110 to 115 temperatures outside.Anyway, we again enter the building we were in before.  The first thing I notice is the floors in the common area.  They are tile floors with a faux finish to make them look ancient (kind of part of the French theme I think), but the faux distress did not hide the fact that these floors were filthy ... I mean to the point where the dirt was caked on where the floors met the walls, and the grouting between the tiels was pretty much black with dirt.  Our room was nice.  It was a small apartment with a full kitchen that was adequately equipped and open to the living space, there was a small dining table (which would seat 4), the living room had an upolstered armless chair and a small sofa, a coffee table and an entertainment center that held the television and DVD player.  The television was a tube type.  There is a gas fireplace (something we really did not use) and a balcony with a bistro table and two chairs overlooking the highway.  The furnishings were decent, but not at all stylish.  The bedroom was furnished with a king size bed, two nightstands and another entertainment unit that had 3 drawers and housed another tube type television (not DVD player here).The bathroom was attached to the bedroom, but also had a door leading to a laundry area and the kitchen beyond that.  This was a good sized bathroom with a jacuzzi spa tub, dual sinks, and a shower over the tub.  There was an ample supply of towels for the two of us (housekeeping is there once a week and restocks).Outside the front door, and down stairs was a tennis court, with two BBQ at one end for use of anyone in the units.  In another section of the small complex was a small swimming pool (nothing too impressive, but I am sure it does its job).Bottom line is that we thought this was an adequate location, but definitely not one that deserves Interval International's highest rating, nor even their second highest rating.  In a sense, we felt we were highly deceived.  I guess the argument can be made our issues should be with Interval International, and not Club du Soliel, but the filth in the common areas is something that the resort can and should attend to.
2	Just got back from vegas this weekend and was sadly dissappointed with this place..we got bumped from the original room we reserved and then we got placed in some room down the way from some loud ass people and their loud ass kids. I felt like i was staying at a motel 6. I would'nt stay here again :(
4	This was a great hotel to stay in over our Spring Break holiday the rooms were large enough to accommodate 4 guys very comfortably. The kitchen was a life saver as we were able to cook and cut down on food costs which gave us more money to have fun with on the strip. The hotel is clean and quiet, a must have when you get home at 5 or 6am and all you want is a retreat from lights and crowds.The staff here are very friendly and down to earth, every night before we would head out the ladies at the desk would compliment us on our attire and hell who doesn't enjoy compliments? It's far off the strip but the daily shuttle runs at convenient times and can drop you off at the Excalibur and if you're in your 20's you can walk a mile or two. Being off the strip has it's advantages  though you're close to a supermarket that sells liquor! Theres a In N Out and a Denny's a short walk/ride away which is awesome on a college budget. Yeah when girls asked us where we were staying I would mutter the name but if you have a little game you don't need a penthouse at the Wynn (Though it probably helps). At least we were all comfortable in separate beds and not crammed into a $150 a night matchbox with a view of a wall. Bottom line it was Affordable, Quiet, and Roomy would definitely stay here again if we cant get the Wyndham this year.*Keep in mind this is a family/retiree oriented resort so you won't really catch any ladies at the pool unless you like liver spots and wrinkles...**Ask Fred the shuttle driver about the night he hit it big! Best Vegas story ever!!
4	Yes, it's off the strip. Yes, if a girl ask where you're staying, you're gonna mumble it and try to act as if you said the Wynn. HOWEVER.You will save money, you'll be close to eateries, close to liquor stores, etc.Me and my friends stayed here on a weekend, and it was a great stay. The room was quiet and clean, and the rooms had tvs, dvd players, etc.(all the typical things in a hotel).The kitchen was clean, and had cups, plates, utensils, etc. It's great if you wanna cook, which we didn't cook much at all. The rooms are pretty spacious, so you don't have to cram if you were in hotel that was on the strip. Great spot if you're balling on a budget.
2	Valentine's 2011.  We stayed here for the valentine's weekend.  This place is under renovation.  The first room they gave us had old, dirty carpet and walls.  It immediately gave me the creeps and displayed uncleanliness.  The TV was an old 19 inch with a grainy screen.   I immediately complained to Interval International to be moved but no other resorts were open.  The next day they moved me to a different room that appeared to be cleaner, still not modern with an older TV versus a flat screen.  The front desk checkin personnel was not very friendly and lacked customer service.   It is off the strip, about a 5 minute drive.  Very convienently located.  Close to the strip, grocery stores, and local malls.
2	I traded in one of my weeks with Interval International for this location off the strip in Las Vegas. I had a 2br suite, which included a master suite that had a king bed, a living room with sofabed, and a smaller studio suite adjacent to my main master suite. It also had a king bed. My suite had both a mini kitchen adjacent to the smaller suite, and a full kitchen. I must say, with my experience in timeshares, I definitely have experienced better, and am quite upset with the fact that Interval International has given this place a high rating. Looking in retrospect, I had fun and relaxing time during my stay in Las Vegas. However, one thing I could have changed in this particular trip is my choice in exchange. I should have stayed with a Westgate resort, like Flamingo Bay, for my exchange, given the amount of money I pay for my membership with Interval International. The resort was established in the late 1990s and it looks like it needs renovations really soon. It seems like it is well-maintained, however, it needs to be updated to keep up with the times. This, however, shouldn't bother people too much because this place is still awesome and has a great offer, with consideration to the rates they offer. The shuttle system they utilize is pretty good. It leaves on the hour, every hour, to the Orleans, and then the NYNY Casino. It rotates every hour, and stops at other nearby resorts. It's biggest upside is its reliability, and its downside is the amount of stops it makes to other sister resorts. Another downside to the resort is the broken air conditioning on both of their busses. This place only receives two stars because I feel that the type of room did not match the type of value that I personally paid through my vacation club. Given the rates they had given on a "per night" basis, you can consider this place a good value. For timeshare owners, I would sway away from this place, if at all possible, for your next Las Vegas trip. For those looking for a value location for your next Las Vegas trip, I wouldn't have much to sneeze about this place.
2	Well I had that stayed here and the rooms were ok with a kitchen. They also had a 24 hr pool  which is pretty cool. The "resort" also offers shuttle service allover the strip and downtown. I just feel bad for anyone that buys this as a timeshare not realizing west Tropicana is pretty ghetto and not close to the strip. Yeah I think I would skip this if I was looking into this and get a room at Stratosphere or Excalibur cheaper
4	Very nice single room layout and extremely clean. Upon arrival the staff was very helpful and professional. The kitchen cupboards were stocked with all the basics for cooking/preparing meals, and the bathroom had an extra supply of towels.  *The only negative: our room had a thick layer of cigarette smoke odor which we got used to after day 1 and being in the casinos.Taking the shuttle was a convenience and we used it twice, but make sure you don't have to be somewhere at a certain time. The shuttle does make 2 other condo stops before moving on the first drop off point. Taxis were more than happy to come pick us up from this timeshare, and knew where it was when we needed to be taken back from the Vegas strip.Overall a very nice place to stay with so many ammenities. Definitely would go back.
3	It's hard to complain about this place given the price I got it for! **Warning** This is a long review, there is a lot to break down.B -- S-- Grandparents have an Interval International timeshare so they booked this place for a week for me-- 2 br suite really means 2 adjointed rooms (1 being a jr suite & the other being a regular suit w/ patio)-- Located about 10 mins from The Las Vegas Strip-- Plenty of free parking and shaded spots-- 24 hour pool, say what! BBQ grills available for use-- Exercise room-- Free shuttle-- Paid wireless $10 - $30 (I forget the exact price for how much)OK, so this place isn't the "gem of Las Vegas." Let's just put that out there! For what it is, it's actually a decent place. My Grammie got me a 2 bedroom suite for a week for under $400. If you can find a place to sleep 6 - 10 people for that amount, let me know! And if it's in old town Las Vegas, no thank you. You can see the sign as you drive down Tropicana, just hang a left and there it is on the left side.So let's talk about service. The front desk was very friendly, let us check in a little bit early. And took care of anything we needed but let me tell you I've done Las Vegas more than a few times, so my group didn't need much. Housekeeping happens like after a few days so we checked in Tuesday and got our rooms cleaned on Friday/Saturday. In addition to cleaning our rooms, we received plenty of towels, blankets, pillows on demand.The room was decent. It's not the Ritz Carlton by no means. My GF & I shared the single jr suite room. It had a decent size closet, dresser, & bathroom. The bathroom was cool, nothing special. The shower did have a nice size bathtub so you could take a relaxing bath. Our toilet clogged up but they sent someone right up and it was good for the rest of the week. The bed was pretty comfortable, pillows and blankets better than a cheap motel. The AC worked awesome and kept both of the rooms very cool. It was nice to have a mini kitchen with a fridge for our stuff and a sink. We also had cups and plates. I was pretty pleased with the room in general.Our friends shared the adjointed room next door. It had almost a full kitchen with oven and microwave, a dining table plus sofa sleeper. The balcony patio was cool but it faced the road instead of the pool. The full size fridge came in handy for supplies and food. Oh yeah, washer and dryer plus complimentary laundry soap! We all did some laundry!The pool was NOT very clean. The hot tub had a whole crap load of leaves in there. I wasn't impressed with the pool but the 24 hours was nice. We didn't really take advantage of it though.The exercise room was decent. It had a stationary bike, treadmill and stairmaster (I think). It also had a full body work out machine that you could do all the basic exercises with weights. They do stock towels there for you and your sweat which was nice.Honestly since I had a rental car, the distance from the strip was just fine. If I wanted to do Las Vegas on the strip with no rental car, I wouldn't stay here. My friends used the shuttle and you're not getting anywhere fast on that thing. In addition it takes a while to get from point A to point B. All in all I would rate this place at around 3.5 stars. It's better than an average motel and it's pretty cheap and decent! I will say that I didn't really hear any neighbors or anything but I wasn't in my room from 7pm to 7am, lol. I was in Las Vegas for the Electronic Daisy Carnival!
4	It's 2 miles away from the strip.  Decent place, had a kitchen with great china & cookware for cooking.  Wasn't bothered by the maids as we didn't  dare have them clean our room, LOL.  Didn't bother using the pool.  Never ran out of hot water and the A/C was on 24/7.  They have an iPod docking station.  Forget what station we were listening too but sounds like the DJs just loop the same music over & over again.Check the drawers for extra towels & blankets.  Nice patio area.Shuttle service provided to NY NY.  Roomed w/ 6 girls & paid $55 for 3 nights.
3	First time staying away from the strip when coming to Vegas and it wasn't that bad. They have a courtesy shuttle service that drops you off at NY NY and the last bus is at 1135p on the weekdays. When we first arrived, I went to registration to check in. Joel greeted me at the counter and checked me in. It was taking a little longer than I expected so I asked if there was a problem. He said he see that I have two reservations on file and notified me that he has to put two separate $100 hold on my card. He didn't attempt to see if there was a loop hole around that. I was tired and just wanted to get upstairs so I told him to go ahead. He gave me the run down about how everything works and what amenities were available. He then told me that our room was actually on the other side of the building. Asked me if I wanted to walk or take a cab. Um, he didn't specify on who's paying for the cab so I took the inititaion of asking. He said it was going to be paid for by the hotel and lightly rolled his eyes. SCOFF ...what a jerk. Same night as we got into our room, we were hungry and I was looking for the Order In menu Joel said we had in our room. Not there so I called the front desk and ask. The lady who answered the phone said it was there so I hung up and tried looking for it again. Nope, not there!! I called again and Joel picked up. He said he would look for one and have it sent up. 20m passed...nothing. Sigh...I called back and Joel answered the phone again. I told him I was still waiting for the menu and he said they couldn't find it and had no extra copies. -_- ...seriously?? He said he'll send up a local menu from outside. It wasn't until our last night that Joel actually found me a copy of the order in menu and he was kind enough to give us a $5 off coupon. My feelings about Joel is bittersweet. Would I stay here again? Probably not...
1	Service was absolutely the worst of any place I've ever been. We stood in line to check in. A counter clerk caled us over and then took three phone calls while ignoring us. When we asked what type of view we had we were told, "None." There is no docking staion for an Ipod in this property.There are two properties and this apparently is the poor step child. The A/C had the service ight on and despite repeated calls and assurances that maintenance was on the way, they never showed up during our two day stay. The noise was from the unit was annoyingly loud, but not quite as loud as the TV in the room adjacent. Apparently soundproofing is nonexistent. The tub had a clump of long hair on the side of it. The carpets felt dirty, looked dirty.The TV was from the 1990's and was enormous. The channel selection was extremely limited. This was my birthday trip and we spent little time in the place. The tub was too small for two people. There is no where close by to walk too, and the neighborhood suggests walking during daylight only.The bright spot was the bell man who was polite, and amazingly efficient.Stay in a motel 6 or other upscale place, this place sucks. This place charges more and delivers less.
4	It is a good base to venture out from. Yes, the TV's were old. There were two in the 1 bdrm unit and they are being upgraded this year. OTOH who goes to Vegas to watch TV. The shuttles are OK and they try and doing extra ones for food shopping, Fremont and mall shopping. I stayed out past shuttle time and just took the bus back, it runs often too and besides a scary jaywalk across Tropicana it was OK. One bdrm layout is nice, bathroom big with an entrance from the bdrm and the hall way.One big note, when the washer dryer is going you really can't hear it from the bdrm if the doors are closed so you can come from the strip, do a oad of wash while you sleep.
5	My boyfriend and I came to Vegas for business, so we weren't planning on staying in a big name hotel and dealing with the crowd on the strip (this hotel is off the strip, up the street a little ways from The Orleans.) We found a deal for this hotel on www.bookit.com. We chose it because of the price, and the photos on the site looked pretty nice, so we figured we'd give it a try. This place surpassed any preconceived ideas we had. From the moment we walked in, everyone stopped to greet and welcome us, and check-in was a breeze. The front desk was very helpful with explaining everything, and even giving me directions to a few places I had asked about (I'm sorry I don't remember who checked me in :( ). We got the studio suite because, again, we were just looking for a cheap deal. The room was VERY clean, very simple and well-put together. It had a kitchenette, a nice jacuzzi tub, and depite what other reviewers were saying about the temperature, our AC unit was working quite nicely (it wasn't incredibly hot when we stayed). The front desk staff gave us a courtesy call a little while after we checked in to make sure everything was OK with our room - I thought that was very courteous.The pool and jacuzzi are open 24 hours, so we relaxed there in the evening and had some peace and quiet. The pool area is simple, but very clean with music playing through outdoor speakers and nice BBQ units outside the gate.We ordered food from a neighboring company that delivers to the hotel, the hotel itself does not have room service. I do have to say, for the price you pay for that food it isn't great. We ordered fried mushrooms, potato skins, and 2 drinks and it was $36.00. We might as well have driven to the local Jack in the Box or something, but we were so tired from driving already.They have a small breakfast in the Owner's Lounge from 8-10 that consists of bagels and coffee. Check out, again, was a breeze - everyone was so nice a polite and gave warm goodbyes. All in all, we will stay here again, and probably will upgrade to a bigger suite next time - I looked at the prices and there isn't much of a difference between the studio suites and the larger rooms. Great service, clean rooms, and away from the crowd. Definitely a quieter, more relaxing side to Vegas.
2	I went through Expedia to book this hotel. From the website, it seemed so appealing with the amenities that they had to offer including a kitchenette, free shuttle service and a pool.Well, they all had that stuff...but with a few caveats. The kitchenette from the website included a full size refrigerator. Mine only had a mini-fridge. And as for the free shuttle service, well they only leave once an hour, on the hour to the strip. And as for the pool, it's big enough for old people who booked this hotel/time share.The rooms were located in an outside environment, so as soon as you walked out of the hallway, you're experiencing outside weather. If it's hot outside, it's also hot in the hallways.The air conditioning does provide solace inside the rooms. But only when it was on, since it kept cycling on-off throughout my stay there.There is a "resort-tax," but I guess that's a standard in Vegas, so don't be surprised when you have to pay a little more when you check-in.Housekeeping service was not offered to us since we only stayed for 2 nights. That was made clear to us when we checked. I guess that's ok?!?They do have free coffee and bagels in the mornings.But other than that, I would spend a few dollars more and just stay on the Strip next time.
1	I had no idea that this was a time-share property.  They have no association to Cirque Du Soleil! (Check the spelling!)  So, if you are a Club member of the REAL Club Cirque, please realize that this place has nothing to do with them.  There should be some type of breach in Franchising but, somehow, they've managed not to cross the line?  After traveling HUNDREDS of miles through rain, sleet, and snow for hours, we arrived at the "hotel" at 3:10/3:15.  We were not permitted to have the keys until exactly 4 PM by the incredibly rude front desk clerk, Maria.  Never have i been told this--i have travelled the world and this beautiful country and stayed in many, many hotels.  Most hotels will allow you to check-in early if the room is available (but, of course, this really isn't a hotel).  There was also some discrepancy about payment since i had, for the first time, booked through Booking.com.  I wanted to speak with the manager but, she couldn't make it before we had to go to our appointment.  She was supposed to contact me the next day but, she did not.  Well, i completed the paperwork by 3:30 and was told to come back at four even though the room was ready to be occupied.  We had an appointment and returned at 8:30.  The manager, i was told, did show and waited until 7.  I was told she would call me the next day--i'm still waiting.  We ate, stayed awake to digest our food and around 11:30 began to get ready for bed.  There was a live, 1.5 inch bug in between the sheets within the bed.  The late night manager was hesitant to allow us to change rooms.  She, of course, didn't waste her breath talking to us.  The manager never called us to see if we were alright.  The second suite was filthy.  My mom's asthma was highly agitated.  The "dust" in the window seals had turned to actual piles of hard dirt.  There were cobwebs, the walls were filthy, the toilets were dirty, the tub was disgustingly dirty and i don't know when the last time they washed the carpets.  My sinuses are swollen beyond belief.  I tried to contact management on several occasions.  Finally, before i left, they sent the head of security to speak with me.  He was very nice and helpful.  He has promised to call me today, 12-18-12; i am waiting for his call.  Today is 12-22-12 I'm still waiting.I have never had to endure such poor accommodations.  I have never been treated so poorly.  I would NEVER purchase a timeshare; nor am i interested in ever staying in one again.  Booking.com should have notified me what this really was.  But, i guess that is what YELP is for, i'll complain on there about the lack of communication to your potential customers.  I feel i've been defrauded; my money is wasted and our health is trying to recover.  I would not allow my dead dog to stay at this place.  Alas, i shake the dust from my feet and move forward.
4	Good relaxing spot to have a vacation. Its not as hype as I would like but its easy to meet cool people.
4	I enjoyed our stay in their one bedroom suite. Full kitchen, wash and dryer units, couch, balcony...etc. We will plan to return for another stay. The only complaint was the view. We preferred to have a view of the strip from our room, but lucked out....stay and enjoy yourself at a pleasant and affordable resort.
4	This place is pretty fabulous. It's a cute hotel that is made up of two sites (Club 1 and 2). Didn't have any issues with parking.They have a small put-put area, bbq's, pool and spa (which are open 24 hrs!). It has a small kitchenette with dishes and even dish soap with a sponge to wash them. The tub was awesome and big, with jets! The prices were a LOT cheaper than the main hotels this particular weekend, since something was going on that weekend (graduation?), but I think they are normally pricier.Few things to know- this hotel is more for extended stays, so they do not do room service until the 4th day of your stay or otherwise requested (with a charge if requested). We only stayed 3 nights. It is off The Strip, but very close to The Orleans, but they have shuttles that take you to The Strip as well as shopping areas and grocery stores! I personally didn't mind it being off The Strip since I go to Vegas plenty. My only complaints are that 1) The ac is way too loud. it woke me up a few times making me freak out and wonder wtf that noise was. It works, though! lol 2)The internet prices per night were RIDICULOUS. The free wifi is only in the lobby area, and it is the WORST internet, if it were any slower it would be going backwards. It was cheaper to make one of our phones a hotspot for a month than to have internet for 3 nights. Overall, I'd go here again! If it's in my price range...
4	Stayed here for an entire week with my wife.  The room was clean and spacious.  The staff was very friendly and always smiled and greeted us whenever we walked by.  The room we had included a washer and dryer which was wonderful (no day of laundry upon returning).  Kitchen was a nice size with all of the necessary amenities.  Bathroom was large and also nice.  Location, in our opinion is wonderful.  Not on the strip so its somewhat quiet but close enough that it only takes a few minutes to get to the strip or the airport.  Only drawbacks were the air conditioner and the sofa-bed.   The A/C was extremely loud, I mean I felt like I was on the plane going home whenever it turned on.  The sofa-bed (we had some friends stay with us one night) was a typical sofa-bed-uncomfortable and like sleeping on the balcony rail but since practically all sofa-beds are like that, I didn't deduct any stars for it.  We will definitely stay here again.
1	At first this place was paradise! Until I forgot my engagement ring in the bathroom.. housekeeping straight up stole it!!!! DOUBLE AND TRIPLE check your room before leaving to make sure you leave nothing behind!! They cannot be trusted!!!!
4	A group of friends and I stayed here and reserved a 2 bedroom with living room and full kitchen. we were pleasantly pleased with the room till morning rolled around and we were woken to horrible nonstop banging, we later found out that they were reflooring the room above us at 8 am in the morning! We were not happy and slept crappy because of this. Joel the manager called us back and rearranged another stay for us, Im really glad I took him up on his offer because the second time around was so much better. I would stay here again in the future.
4	Really happy with this place. We had a one bedroom suite which was fine for our two kids (3.5 y.o. and 2 y.o.). We got lucky because it was really quiet during our stay, so we didn't have to worry about the kids bothering anyone.Kitchen is fully stocked so we could do breakfast each morning and dinner on some nights. They even have a shuttle that takes you to the strip!The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because we only got housekeeping on one day. And when we arrived, we also had to drive across the street to their other building to check-in. Love the location on Tropicana. It's nice to be off the strip (there's a 24 Hour Fitness just around the corner!), which we were fine with since all the casino hotels have free parking. I highly recommend and I would definitely stay here again.
2	The best thing going was the shuttle to and from the strip.  Not really any amenities, no restaurants bar, etc.  one washer and dryer which was fine because we were the only ones doing laundry.  Free wifi was only in the lobby or if your room was close enough to the lobby.  Staff was so-so, depending in who was at the desk.  Overall, would I stay here again? Probably not if there was availability at another resort through my timeshare, but again, the shuttle was helpful!
3	Stayed 3 nights in a comfortable sized one bedroom.  The pool is nice with tables, umbrellas and lounge chairs and it's open 24 hours.  The gym is 3 treadmills, a bike and a weightlifting machine.  The kitchen is equipped with cookware and dishes, has a full size refrigerator, microwave, stove and dishwasher.  The 3rd floor has a lanai, the couch has a pool out bed and the main room and bedroom each have flatscreens.  They offer a shuttle to the strip, but the last one boards back from the strip at 11:30 PM.  It's only about a $15 cab ride back though.The AC didn't work properly and the water heater next to the washer/drier made knocking noises during and after showers.  Stays of less than a week don't have daily room cleaning, which is okay but not described at booking or check in.  They failed to give me a parking pass and left a note the first night saying my car would be towed.  They gave me a pass the next day.  We weren't told about the owners lounge which had bagels, fruit and coffee- but we found it the last morning.  They give you a menu for room service, but there isn't a restaurant on site. Wi-Fi doesn't work in the rooms, but they'll give you a code for use in the lobby. Overall, if you want a more comfortable room off the strip, this is a pretty good choice.
3	I stayed at Club de Soliel for a week in May while in Las Vegas. This an OK timeshare "hotel". Nothing exciting to see here, people. Club de Soliel is 2-3 miles from The Strip so definitely a convenient option if you plan to explore the casinos but don't expect much at the resort itself. The facility is clean and the staff are good. If you're looking for a party scene or amenities similar to hotels on The Strip, this is not the place for you. There's a small pool - wasn't anything memorable so I forgot to take a photo. There's free wifi internet access in and around the facility's club house. This was sufficient for me as I wasn't on vacation to do that but it was perfect to check in on my computer or tablet periodically. I did wish wifi access extended to the pool area though. Other than the pool and a tennis court, there's not much more to do while hanging out here. Although I didn't utilize it, there is a shuttle which leaves the resort every hour starting in the morning going to The Strip. It stops running pretty early (for Vegas antics, that is, lol) at 11pm Mon-Thurs; 1am Fri & Sat - so plan accordingly if you don't have a car or prefer not to use taxis.
2	Nice room, but it looks like the whole resort is slowly going downhill. On their website  they say they have wi-fi, when you get there you find out it is just in the lobby (that sucks). They have one of the worst fold out beds I have ever slept upon. It could be really nice if they would just step it up a little.
2	I stayed here with 3 kids, and 2 adults. I didn't even enjoy it. the website promised a lot more than what it ACTUALY did. It promised free wifi, It only worked in the lobby. The pool was not memorable or good. The staff were okay.. Not too bad. the rooms were fairly decent. The kitchenette was pretty good. The foldout couch was terrible. The air conditioning was so extremely loud. The walls were paper thin and we heard the people next door. Overall I thnk it is worth it to spend a few extra dollars to stay in a hotel on the strip. Didn't enjoy my stay here nearly as much as I hoped.
1	Not a Three Star as averaged by YELPWe are Westin owners at the Desert Willow in Palm Desert, CA. Because of our schedule last year we decided to deposit our time with Interval International. Our daughter was getting married in Las Vegas and we had to be there early in the week knowing we would be moving to the Mandalay Bay on Friday and Saturday nights.After checking several properties we opted for Club de Soleil based in part to the pictures attached to their website. What a mistake to base it on that. Upon arrival we realized the picture of the entrance and what we encountered was not at all like their picture. We walked into the registration office and found the grout on their tiles floors to be filthy black.  We also realized that the front desk person was also the concierge. She told us they served continental breakfast every morning but we would have to go across the street to their other units.We had thoughts of unloading all of our stuff (boxes of things for the wedding) but waited to at least see where the room was.  We walked to our room (two room unit on first floor next to Tennis court) and walked in.  Not to disparage Motel 6, as we've never stayed there, we were sure a Motel 6 would have better suited.  The furniture and furnishings were outdated. (Maybe what was depicted in the pictures is only in one of their rooms because surely it wasn't this room). My wife and I didn't even sit down. My wife opened the blinds to the patio door only to be looking at a "carport". My wife turned and stated, "I'm not staying here". We have stayed at older places, however they were at least quaint and very clean" as compared to this Club de Soleil.  I immediately called the Westin and fortunately they were able to accommodate us.  As I was on the phone we received a call from the front desk that asked that we move our vehicle because it was blocking the drive, a drive as you see in the pictures seems grandiose. We left within 10 minutes after arriving and checked into the Westin. We called Club de Soleil and informed them we would not be staying at all.Shortly thereafter I emailed Interval International to lodge my complaint and I also called them. I have to say the person whom I spoke to treated me very kindly. I was then transferred to a supervisor who first asked me if we were still at the resort. I commented, "If that is what you want to call it, no".  Fortunately we were given credit for our deposit and fee and our week was re-deposited to our account. Thank you Interval International. Our advice to anyone traveling and thinking of staying at Club de Soleil, "DON'T". To drenzi, Manager at Club de Soleil who I see responds to all who submit a review, please rather than respond, fix the problem and do some updating of your property, hire a company that can get your property cleaned and really do something about it.
3	Ok so we stayed here for over a week because it was the only timeshare with Interval International that had an opening for the week we needed to be in Vegas. Check In was fine Deborah was very kind. It took a little while but that's ok. The room was a 2 bedroom lockoff, so like a one bedroom apartment with kitchen, dishwasher, washer/dryer etc and a studio type attached, with a kitchenette, it's own private door and bath etc. the bathroom was nice, spa tub, his and her sinks etc. shower pressure was a little on the weak side but good enough. The lighting in the bedroom was terrible! No overhead lighting, just lamps on the nightstands. But the bed was big and comfortable, there was a tv, chair, safe. The living room and furnishings were like any motel really nothing special or modern but perfectly fine otherwise. The couch sucked, wasn't too comfortable as a couch or bed. We had a patio for smoking etc (it's a non smoking room) it also had a nice view of the strip in the distance. They only clean once every 4th day, so that kinda sucked, especially since they didn't vacuum or anything, just changed the sheets pretty much. The kitchen was well stocked with utensils, glasses, pans etc, and there's a 24 hour Albertsons down the street. We had a problem with a smoke detector beeping and maintenance was quick to come up and solve the problem. The wifi was pretty awful, it made it to our room but was very slow and inconsistent as well as the cable that went out for awhile during our stay. It was my boyfriends first trip to Vegas, and we still enjoyed our stay. But I'd like to try a different hotel in the future closer to the strip or more modern, I'd give this more like 3 1/2 stars I guess. It was so-so.
5	Stayed tgere at Club 1, room 216 for a week in a 2 bedrooms lock off  Villa. Rooms were decent and the staffs were great.  Specifically Helen at the front desk. Qe check on late bit she was still being very attentive and friendly. The people at the third floor were so noisy that made us couldn't sleep.  I called the front desk and they got is another room at club 2 room 2023. It's a better room with a view over the strip. We enjoyed the stay and would like to be back in the future.
1	I'm never staying here again. This hotel is pretty sad. The gym is terrible the pool is ehh. Just not what I expected. People trust me spend the extra 20 dollars a night to stay at a better hotel on the strip because it'll cost anywhere from 15 to 25 dollars for a taxi. In a weekend you'll spend about 200 taxi fares. You could take the shuttle but then you're on their schedule.  I used my timeshare so I don't even get a cleaning because it's only a 2 night stay. Bad bad. Not worth more than 40 a night
4	My girlfriend and I came here and had a great stay. The location was convenient, the price was great and it was very clean and comfortable. If you are going to stay here beware that the walls are extremely thin. We could hear our neighbors watching television and talking all weekend. The hallways are also very loud so you can hear everyone walking past the room. The grounds of the hotel are very nice. The pool was gorgeous, the hotel lobby was nicely done and the hotel had a nice breakfast every morning. I would stay here again but I would make sure to ask for a corner room with no neighbors!
4	Great location near the newest side of Vegas. Well kept facility with nice decor. A very pleasant experience.
4	Honestly, even though the price is strangely low, the place came with no problems! It was clean, it was quiet, and it was close by! If I came back to Vegas, I would definitely come back to this place to stay!-Location is close to the strip-Each day has a different activity provided (Wii games, coffee break, scavenger hunt)-Clean and hospitable-Staff is around 24/7 and ready to help-Price is very affordable-Bathroom came with a tub with jets-Extra roll out bed is $60/night-Updated kitchen and laundry area-Pool and hot tub are well kept-Parking is always available
