5	I bought my first gun here recently and I'm happy with my purchase. The guys here are very helpful and friendly and it's great that its close to my house.
5	Just ordered a Colt LE SOCOM from these guys. Very nice shop, VERY helpful staff. The prices are extremely competitive and they are able to get their hands on special order items more simply than other stores from what I've seen. This is my new favorite gun shop.
5	Just stopped in to browse and ended up buying a bunch of accessories for my girl's rifle and a few mags for myself. The entire staff was courteous and helpful. The pricing was great and they even installed and sighted our red dot for free in no time! They have a nice and organized showroom with good selection. Would highly recommend to all.
5	I've been to plenty of shop's in the las vegas area, and this has to be my favorite shop. Their staff was extremely helpful. I'm currently in the military, but I'm used to firing rifles. John assisted me by teaching me the proper fit of of a handgun and after trying a few out, I found the right one. They also have great prices and you just can't beat their outstanding customer service.
5	Finally a great gun shop in the southwest.. I used to have to drive to Henderson to get everything I wanted.. I came in here the first time to purchase a 1911..john was helping me out and was excellent with his customer service.. Ended up buying a Springfield loaded edition after doing some research on the price and seeing that the gun shop was well below the average.. The second time I walked in here was to install some night sights on my g19...again excellent service and they did a great job with the installation... The third time I walked in here I was looking for a shotgun and started getting into a conversation with Scott and John about an ar I had St home I wasn't happy with... Man, these guys went through everything with me.. They spent nearly 2 hours talking about all the ways I can improve my ar.... I ended up buying a new spring, compensator, free floating rail, drop in trigger, and sight.. They also did a bunch of gun smiting on my gun to get rid of my iron sights up front.. I can't say enough good stuff about this place.. Excellent customer service.. You never feel rushed.. They go above and beyond for customer satisfaction.. And they answer all questions as honestly as possible.. Their pricing is fair and their ability with guns and gun knowledge is exceptionally good. Five stars..
5	Had a great experience there the other day. I had a small issue on a product I bought. The next day Scott, the owner, promptly took care of it and exceeded all of my expectations. Love this shop and their great attention to customer satisfaction!Got my eyes on one of their great selections of scopes and sights.
3	Wonderful gun store. I stopped in one day to kill some time since I was in the area and a friend had recommended them. First off, very friendly staff. As soon as I stepped in I was greeted with a smile. Prices are good compared to other shops. They had a good selection of firearms and accessories all reasonably priced. I picked up some .223 and 9mm reloads they had on sale for a good price. Took it to the range and not one single FTF or FTE. Good shop in my book and will definitely be stopping by more often to pick up some ammo or browse their inventory.
1	Some of the rudest sales people I've dealt with at a gun store. What, do they not think there are other shops I could go to? I won't be going here again and I wouldn't recommend them to any friends either.
5	I just purchased a Glock 42 which the shop installed tritium sights on for free in about 10 Minutes. This is the second gun I have purchased from this shop and both experiences have been great. It is awesome to finally have a good gun store in this part of town.
