4	I've taken my now 7 year old son here for the last 4 years. This location replaced the now closed Elliot location. Its a scene and a wait if you don't have an appointment or get there late on a Saturday but its worthwhile. They have videos and movies to keep the kids entertained and they consistently give my kid a great haircut. Having said that, its not a cheap haircut - $16 without tip. For my money, its worth it, although it meant I had to forfeit star number 5.
4	I like cool kids for two reasons. When you go there, there is a nice play area for your kids in the back to keep them occupied. The second reason is that once on the chopping block...car, or aeroplane, the kids can watch whatever video they prefer while having their hair cut. I am guessing the number once choice in little kids is "Elmo!"The reason I do not like them is that if you do not have an appointment you have to wait for more than 40-45 minutes as there is always a steady stream of customers walking in and typically only one hair stylist. One good thing to know is that if your kid has a code brown and you do not have a diaper...they do not provide diapers for a diaper change and you have to re-schedule the appointment as that is a strict no no when they are cutting the kids hair. My tips: If you have a tiny munchkin, make sure he or she is well fed and have plenty of interesting snacks on hand before you put him/her on the chopping block. Otherwise...be prepared for a meltdown. I would also take the munchkin right after a long nap so they are not cranky.The price is okay for a nice haircut. They have raised it up to $17.95 plus tip.
4	Time flies when you're having fun...2 years hence and I still take the sparkly offspring here. Other reviewer is absolutely correct, especially on the weekend, if you don't have an appointment you'll have a serious wait. I tend to go weekdays after work and its relatively quiet. Even then, I call for the appointment first. Its still a very fine hair cut and I know what to expect - the goob seems to enjoy the fact that he can play Sonic while his head is otherwise engaged. If we went more often I'd probably rethink the expense because it is $17.95 plus tip. For now, its worth it.
2	Just took my son for a haircut recently. Do not go with Barb. She is very bad. I do not like my son's haircut at all.  it's uneven and too short. Other ladies are fine.
5	They did a great job!
5	As soon as we got here, I knew...this was a fun place for kids. Lots of toys, movies, video games. I had my 4 year old son and my 18 month old daughter (her first haircut)  and we got a super nice lady who made the experience so easy for my little girl. She did an amazing job and we got a little memento of her first haircut. I highly recommend this place!
5	The atmosphere is perfect for kids and the service and actual hair cut are always exceptional. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND making an appointment before coming in. They are always busy! My kids love the little car chairs and all of the stylists use words that kids can understand. They also have awesome hair products for kids as well as toys to bribe or reward!
3	I took my son for a haircut here recently and had a good, but not great, experience. The atmosphere was great and the setup for getting the haircut was cool ( he sat in a little fire engine and watched Cars). The reasons for the 3 star rating are: 1) the cut itself wasn't great. After getting home and washing his hair we noticed that it was uneven. To be fair, he was squirming a lot, but I have taken him to V's barbershop and he got a much better cut 2) the lady cutting his hair must have told me 5-6 times that I could buy him a reward for being good and that the toys were 20% off. Once or twice is ok, but it became annoying. I will go back again and give them another shot. Overall my son had fun, and I want to give them a fair shot. I will let you all know how it goes!
2	Have been to other locations before and loved it, so I thought I would try this one.  My son has a different hairstyle than most boys (surfer shag type) and MANY hairstylists have messed it up tragically before, so when I called to make an appt, I asked who would be best to cut his hair......considering they had NO idea what I was talking about, I won't be risking trying them out.
5	We love this place. We went a few months ago for my son's first hair cut and they were very accommodating with us wanting to keep as much of his hair as possible, even with it being a Sunday they were very patient. I came back last week to get my handsome guy a trim and was more than blown away. His stylist was Jazmine. She was very friendly and kept her attention on Declan the whole time. I could go to any kid based salon, but I will continue to bring him here because of their customer service.
