3	I drink here occasionally mainly due to convenience rather than anything else, as I live so close by.Let me set the scene... at any given time of the day there are half a dozen or so old men resting their elbows on the bar with a half-drunk pint in their hand, the jukebox plays '60s and '70s music, and at least one of the regulars will have their dog sitting by their feet... but somehow it's really quite cool in it's own little way.The first time my flatmate and I walked in, the whole place fell silent...  we were the only ones under 60 or female! It was quite disconcerting at first, but very quickly it became clear that the regulars and staff alike very extremely friendly and chatty, and now every game of pool is invariably followed by a doubles game with someone (The expressions on their faces when they see that you're capable of potting a ball was a classic!).The pub quiz on thursdays is always a good laugh, just make sure you take your parents with you if you want to stand a chance during the music round.
3	I went to The Maltings a few times during my first year and I never really thought it was anything special.  A few of my friends, however, thought it was great and did the pub quiz every Wednesday night.  I played with them one night and we lost spectacularly but it was still fun.  The majority of the other competitors were at least twice our age and this is indicative of the customers which the pub attracts as a whole.  It isn't marketed to students and so you won't be getting any great deals from the bar or the latest beats coming from the jukebox.The customers and the barstaff are all friendly, however, and they have a pool table which is in good condition.The Maltings doesn't really fulfil my personal criteria for a pub but it's certainly a relaxing place to visit for a drink in the afternoon or evening.
3	This is a pool sharks paradise. Don't play anyone you don't know, even if you think you're good, you're nothing compared to these guys.At least the pool table is in good nick (this guys would probably murder you if you spilled something on it). The staff were really suprised to see us in there, like the only youths they see are the grankids once a year.Look out for the guy with the wonky moustash, he has last weeks yelp wages!!
3	I used to go here a couple of years ago because a friend of mine used to work here, so we'd generally hang out around the bar keeping her company. And that's kinda the only reason I'd ever go to the Maltings. Not that there's anything at all wrong with it, but there's nothing that great about it either. What I mean to say is that there are better pubs to go to in Edinburgh, but this isn't the worst option either.It's pretty big and seems to have loads of nooks and crannies you can hide out in. I went to a pub quiz there once, which was alright as far as pub quizzes go. I don't like pub quizzes, especially not in this country, where they expect me to know loads of British trivia that you would get from watching television, which I don't. They have pool tables and mediocre ales on tap (the ones all pubs have, i.e. Deuchars and Best). Their prices are average. The staff have always been nice to me, but then again I knew one of them, so that doesn't really count. I guess they hire good people, though.
3	The Maltings is a pub that, over the years, I have not visited that much. Yes, it was near Pollock Halls in first year, and during the last three years I have lived close by, but this has not persuaded me. The pub itself is very much like any other traditional type pub in the city. It has a pool table, a wii, has a couple of large television screens for football and has a reasonable selection of drinks. It even does a decent pub quiz and the staff do seem quite chatty. So why have I not fallen for this pub. Well, from the outside and inside, it does look tired. Indeed, the many locals inside do look tired and might be the reason for scaring away some younger customers. It just lacks that great atmosphere that other pubs have. It's a shame, because it is in a great location. Okay, for a pint I suppose though.
