2	Young guy with shaggy hair this morning was very friendly, efficient, and moved us in and out quickly. Upon returning this afternoon around 3, we walked into a line that was already 3 people deep and at least 2-3 more filtered in behind us. After waiting almost 45 minutes in line, we found out there were only 2 men working and only 1 of them had access to the computer. When we told the man at the desk that our battery died on us, he just sort of grunted at us and we had to ask for any sort of compensation for the inconvenience of jumping it. In the end, he took off about 2 bucks. The man, Del, moved very slowly and showed no emotion or interest in how the customers were feeling. I've worked in retail for 5 years, and I get that being understaffed is no fun, but its all in how you handle it. Del did not handle it well and his partner seemed very frustrated that he couldn't help more. We came back to this site after a good experience last year, but may not come back again. After a day of moving, the last thing any customer needs is to stand in a long, slow line with a grumpy worker.
5	We recently moved from Shadyside to downtown Pittsburgh and made several trips to this U-Haul location to purchase boxes and packing materials. The staff were very friendly and knowledgeable about which types of boxes and materials we needed in order to pack our items safely.One evening we accidentally got to the store just as they were closing (as evidenced by the lights being turned off). The staff never rushed us (we rushed ourselves) and made sure that we got what we needed before we left.Thanks to Seth and the crew for helping to make our big move just a little less painful.
5	If you need storage, this is your place. The GM Mike and his team Seth & Casey will make your life so much easier. They will recommend the correct size storage room, boxes, supplies and locks you will need. This is truly a ONE STOP SHOP. From the inside unload area (great during this most recent cold spell) to the free carts and elevator this place is STATE OF THE ART. Security at this location is top notch as well. Easily the BEST storage in Pittsburgh.
5	This is the best uhaul location I have ever been too. Friendly,  helpful service and even called to tell me my reservation was available early if I wanted it. Couldn't say enough good things about all the people I interacted with there.
5	Very convenient, fantastic service. I was moving my daughter from Columbus to Pittsburgh, and the manager (Mike) gave great advice as to the most cost-effective way to store her stuff temporarily, and then get it moved to her apartment. Having a huge amount of storage space onsite (free for one month) was also very helpful.
5	As usual Mike and Casey were efficient and pleasant to deal with. The check in at the truck makes things fast and easy. Storage is very clean as well.
