5	Home of the John Lennon suite...yes this is the place where John and Yoko had their infamous bed in back in 1969.So I got to stay here, no not in THAT room, but an equally nice one. The windows are big and give you a great view of Montreal. It made for a romantic weekend, with my wife and I ordering room service and looking out the window as the sun set over a frigid (minus 30 degree) day.We had great food, two nights in a row, from the hotel. Which included a delicious burger, a great pasta dinner and one of the best creme brule desserts we had ever tasted.It is a snooty hotel, and with our free weekend (due to points on my credit card) it made for some laughs between the two of us, at these stuck up people that were paying upwards of $300 a night.They have afternoon tea, with finger foods and sweets. The restaurant also has a pretty decent breakfast. But remember, even if you get a good deal, the place is 4 stars and has 4 star prices for the food.The lobby is beautiful and has a door that leads to an escalator that brings you right downstairs to the Montreal train station. So you never have to leave your hotel without getting the train.
3	Another hotel that is connected to the Underground. It's right on top of a Via Rail stop if you want to take a train to Toronto. The Metro is a block away underground.Went here for a romantic birthday stay a couple of years ago. Everything is very romantic here. I have some very amusing memories of my girlfriend encountering her first bidet. She cranked it up full blast and ran screaming from the bathroom when the little fountain meant for delicate bits reached the ceiling.
5	i went there numerous times with family and its a fantastic place. dont  know the cost bc they paid but im pretty sure its really expensive. they have a cool elevator that is outside as well as in so you can see the whole city. access to the underground and a fantastic breakfast buffet. the dinner is great as well becuase there is a salad buffet as well and a dessert buffet. the rooms were always clean and the staff able to help and serve with ease. one time we had booked two beds in a room and they were out of that style room so they upgraded us to a PRESIDENTAL suite for the same price. we were rolling in style and it made us go back every year, 1. becuase it was so fantastic and 2. becuase we always thought well maybe one time we will get that awesome suite again
3	Under other circumstances, they probably would have gotten 5 stars. However, all the service people (maids, food service, valet) were all on strike. That meant that the restaurant and tea lounge were not open at all. The pool was not open. The breakfast buffet was ok, but again, because it was understaffed, lots of containers of food were empty (especially the fruit bowls and bread, croissants etc). They also did not refresh towels or soaps etc. They had a table by the elevator where you had to get your own towels. They did make the bed and take the trash, but that was it. I think they should have given some sort of discount during this time because when you go to a hotel, especially a really nice one, you expect certain things. Despite the strike and limited services, it was ok.
5	I'm from Pennsylvania and this was my first trip to Montreal.I went in February for Valentine's Day and my hubby's b-day so I got a great deal - buy two nights, get one free, otherwise I could not have swung the price tag.That said you truly do get what you pay for. Although I thought the room was a bit small (we were in a Euro-type city after all) there were nice touches everywhere including free chocolates, water and granola bar in our room. : O )The concierge in the lobby was very friendly and helpful. I found other staff to be just as friendly and willing to please. Nice work-out facility and inddor pool and hot tub.Hooray for the free bag check - we were able to drop our stuff off and enjoy the last day without having to do a late (and expensive) check out.But the big plus staying here in the winter is that we were hooked directly into the metro, central station and the HUGE underground city (read very large mall underground). This allowed us to stay out of the freezing cold and wind, and enjoy ourselves.Located right in the heart of downtown this would also be a great choice for business travelers.
4	When I was searching for a hotel for my business trip to Montreal, I came across the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. And after reading this was the site of one of John Lennon and Yoko Ono's famous bed-ins, I knew I had to stay here.I arrived at the hotel on June 1st and was greeted by a smiling Sarah Leblanc at the registration desk. She explained that I'd been given a corner room--which was a bit larger than the other king rooms, with views on two sides of the hotel. Score!I was excited to see this extra large room, but I wasn't prepared for my amazing view. When I pulled back the drapes, I was greeted by the sight of the beautifully patinaed dome of the Cathedrale Marie Reine du Monde right across the street! The room itself was quite large by most hotel standards, and the furnishings were modern but still appropriate for this historic property.Over the course of the week, the Fairmont really did come to feel like home. And Sarah was there to help or answer questions whenever I needed her, like the first night when I had planned to walk to dinner at a nearby restaurant, but found that it was raining. In no time at all, she produced an umbrella and sent me on my way.Other than some subpar experiences with room service, my stay at the Fairmont was wonderful and I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others.The location above the metro/train station and within walking distance of great restaurants made it ideal for me.But the highlight of my stay? When I was passing through the lobby, I saw a poster for the "Imagine Peace" exhibition, honoring John Lennon and Yoko Ono. Even though their bed-in at the hotel had been one of the deciding factors for my staying at the Fairmont, with all the jetlag, I'd forgotten about this detail. Imagine my pleasure when I realized I'd checked into the hotel on the 40th anniversary of that storied event!
1	This update is for the reservations process only. See my other post below for a review of my actual stay.My experience with the Fairmont conference reservations manager almost made me change my mind about wanting to stay here. After speaking to a helpful person at the 1-800 number, I was transferred to the hotel since I was requesting a conference rate. After waiting several minutes for someone to answer, the conference specialist came on the line. Even though this hotel wasn't listed in my conference literature as participating, she assured me that she could offer me a conference rate. Interestingly enough, the rate she quoted me was higher than the rack rate on the website--and I told her so. She basically told me I was wrong, but I decided to book a room anyway, knowing that I could always cancel it up to 24-hours before check-in.A few weeks later, I received a notification from Hotels.com that some hotels in Montreal were having a summer sale. Upon checking the Fairmont's website I discovered that the Queen Elizabeth was included. Daily rates were 20% off with every third night free. I immediately called the 1-800 number again and asked if I could change my reservation to take advantage of the sale. I was told that I couldn't change an existing reservation, so then I said I wanted to book a new reservation and I'd cancel the original one.The reservationist said this was fine and calculated my cost under the new rates. I'd be saving at least $350. The catch was that I'd have to prepay for the room, and changes or cancellations were not allowed. I decided to check a few of the other hotels participating in the sale first before booking. When I did call back to make a reservation, the agent I got wasn't nearly as helpful as the first one.I explained that I had an existing reservation but wanted to make an additional one for the discounted rate I'd been quoted, then cancel the original reservation. This reservationist told me I'd have to cancel my first reservation by calling the conference manager at the hotel; she couldn't do it for me. I said this was fine. Then she told me that even though I was creating a new reservation, I might be charged the original conference rate anyway. WTF? When I asked why, she said that if I was attending a conference while in town, an agreement between the conference organizers and the Fairmont might result in my being charged a higher rate regardless. To this, I responded that it sounded like a highly illegal practice to me. And then I asked who exactly would be enforcing this? The Fairmont? And she said no, the conference organizers. Huh? I told her I was booking independently, not through the conference organizers, so how would they know where I was staying and for what rate? She's lucky I didn't just choose another hotel, but I really wanted to stay at the Fairmont.In the end I told her to book my second reservation using the same dates and room type as my original one. All seemed ok. The total she quoted was correct. But when I checked the reservation online later, she'd put me in a smaller room than I'd originally booked. Argh!By the time I noticed this, the sale dates had passed, but I called the 1-800 number anyway. The reservationist I spoke to this time told me he couldn't make any changes to my reservation, as per the sale restrictions. I explained to him that I shouldn't have to be inconvenienced because the reservations agent had a made a mistake. He said he'd have to put me through to the hotel itself to speak to the reservations manager, so I said fine. Again I had to wait several minutes for someone to answer, and when I explained why I'd been transferred, she read me the details of my reservation, which mysteriously had been switched to a king from a queen during the time I'd been on hold. Still, I don't know why I had to waste my time on the phone with the hotel if they'd already corrected their error.So, after such a horrendous experience with the Fairmont's reservations people, I was starting to think I'd made a bad choice in hotels. But once I arrived at the Fairmont in Montreal, I had a 4-star experience. (Please see the review of my stay at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth below.)
4	perfect! downtown location was super convenient (direct underground connection to the central train station and subway). service was excellent, concierge was friendly and useful and the view from the room was amazing!minus one star for oddly inconvenient pool/hot tub hours and a bed that was a little too soft.
3	We were in town for the Jazz festival.  QE is a central location for McGill University or other events for downtown area.  Walking distance to Old Montreal but subway accessible as well.  It is connected to the underground shopping area, but I wasn't able to explore the underground mall.We sprung for the Gold upgrade and it was worth it for the breakfast, canapes and unlimited perriers, bottled water, or sodas.  The other food presentations were light desserts or fresh fruits (apples, oranges, pears).  The extra benefit with Gold is during Sunday checkout.  The Gold concierge can check you out and no need to wait in line with the others in the main lobby.  The bathrooms are on the smaller side, but clean and modern.  The king bed was on a very high wooden frame.  If you're not mindful, you could hurt yourself on the frame and it's not ideal for the vertically challenged.Parking is valet with in and out privileges $26/day, worth it for the convenience.  But checking out on a Sunday, the line can get quite long but we didn't wait for more than 20 min all in all.  Meters are in effect until 9pm.
4	Maybe it's because I've heard so many grand things about this hotel, that my expectations were raised a tad bit too high.   I would say it's above average 3 and 1/2 stars, but not blow your socks off fantastic.  The exterior looks like a big grey block, not too exciting.  When you walk in, the hotel lobby is fairly modest, once again, nice...but nothing to rave about.   When we checked into the room, it's a nicely done average room.  The bathroom was pretty small, but then again very clean, so no complaints there.   Indoor pool was pretty small as well, but sufficient.  All in all, hotel and it's amenities were pleasant but blah.   Now the one thing that makes this hotel all worth it?  Location, location, location.  It's right above the train station, with easy access to the Metro down below, as well as straight access to the Underground City.   If you want to ride topside, there's a bus stop right at the corner of the church outside the hotel.   You could go anywhere you want, the public transportation is very very good.  It's also walkable distance to Old Montreal, it's a bit far but not too bad either.  If you get a good rate, I would recommend staying here.   Hotel personnel were also very attentive.  All in all - a pretty solid experience, but definitely NOT a top of the line luxury hotel.
5	le reine elizabetha magnificent hotel, very well decorated room, with good amenities chosen, the towels were very nice/clean/freshfront desk super helpful, good restaurant, free local calls & internet etc...excellent locationvallet parking is good tooreally what a good hotel should beP.S.  John Lenon and Yoko did their 1969 bed-in here on the 17th floor
4	i'd give it 4.5 but i rounded down.really good hotel, clean, good service, very friendly. however, did not really like the location.location is close to the metro so it's okay in that sense.but feels far from everything else (aka, at night you have to travel out to go to places since this hotel is located more in the "financial district").plus side, you get free internet if you subscribe to be a member. cool stuff!
3	average to below average for a fairmont.
4	I've stayed at the Fairmount in Montreal twice now, and both times I had a pleasant experience. The hotel is located directly above the Montreal VIA Rail station, and is in walking distance of the Bonaventure metro (subway) stop. However, it's never labelled as The Queen Elizabeth Fairmount throughout the city, and instead is labelled as "Le Reine Elizabeth". The staff at the hotel are attentive, quick and courteous. They pay attention to details you've placed in your online booking, and take the time to help you out. For instance, after noticing I booked a single room for four adults, they provided us with four room keys without hesitation.At the same time, I found that the people working the concierge desk were extremely helpful when finding local restaurants, and when saving me money. For instance, telling me about the free coach services that ran out of the hotel to Montreal's casino.The rooms are quite dated, having older televisions and phones, but since I didn't spend too much time in the room, I have no real complaints about them. Also, air conditioning does work in the rooms, providing a good nights rest on a hot summer night. My only real complaints about the rooms are that, the duvets are way too heavy during the summer months, the bathrooms are extremely tight (you have no room to move around), if your placed near an elevator, you can hear the elevator all day, and you have to pay extra for additional features, such as: wifi, a mini fridge and a cot.Despite the negative aspects, Le Reine Elizabeth is a great place to stay in Montreal even with the hefty price tag. Though, I suggest eating outside the hotel as the restaurants inside are extremely expensive.
2	I recently traveled to Montreal, staying in this hotel as I was attending a conference there. This being my first trip outside of the United States, I had high hopes for a fun and restful trip. I had booked the rooms 3 months prior... so thought that everything was in orderWe arrived at the hotel at 2:30pm along with many other attendees of the conference. When I got up to the desk, I was advised that my room was not ready yet, and that they could not provide me with a time of availability since "they have no control over housekeeping, but can put on a rush". We did arrive prior to the check in time of 4pm (which seems VERY late to me)-- but all other attendees that came in with us were accommodated into rooms immediately. We were offered a downgrade to a smaller room which was available immediately (not really the solution I was looking for). After traveling since 3am, all me and my boyfriend really wanted was a place to drop our bags and refresh ourselves before the conference activities that evening. 2.5 hours later... after several trips up to the desk to check on our room-- all fruitless.... we were finally placed in a room-- 1 hour after check in time. Needless to say, not the way I wanted to start the trip-- and not much of an apology or "we're sorry for your wait" from the staff. We had contemplated finding another hotel to stay in, but I did not really want to have to walk to the conference each morning if I didn't have to. Mattresses were EXTREMELY hard-- both my boyfriend and I woke most days with sore backs. Staff in the hotel's bar and restaurants were superb, and definitely a highlight. I have a dairy allergy, and I was taken care of and accommodated well throughout the stay, which is much appreciated.
3	Stayed here this week for work for a conference.  Was here 4 years ago as well!  Rooms are small and bathrooms even smaller ( I was in a standard King room).  We had food catered all week and the breakfasts were horrible (cold very few fresh selections), lunches were good and our gala evening dinner was excellent.  Today I asked for a late checkout as I had to present at 2 PM and was denied anything later.  I understand that this is the norm but no flexibility provided whatsoever.  I'm a member of many other hotel points programs and have status at other hotels and with my status I can get late checkouts.  Alas with Fairmont I'm a nobody so that's how I was treated when asked!  Location is great but there is lots of selection for downtown hotels in this price range and area!  Benefit of this hotel is it is connected to underground mall and train station with Place Ville-Marie.  Downside is it makes a good warm home for some homeless people in the underground as I saw last night!  Hotel was very busy with lots of different functions going on this week.  Experience was okay, nothing wow great, nothing extremely bad!
4	I enjoy staying in Fairmont hotels.  I find them historic and luxurious, even if the rooms are on the small size (due to their age).  The Fairmont Queen Elizabeth was no exception - it's a beautiful hotel in the heart of downtown Montreal, walking distance to Rue Ste-Catherine and Mountain, among other hopping nightlife spots.  You can also access a good amount of the downtown via underground passages, including the Metro station.The rooms are cozy but comfortable.  The bed was luxurious, and the bathroom was updated and modern (except the faucets which were older, for some reason).  The internet works well in the rooms (wireless and wired) and are quite speedy.  A tip: join the Fairmont President's Club (free) and get free internet access, free access to the gym and other goodies.  The gym was one of the best out there, with lots of machines, weights, weight machines and a nice pool.My only complaint is the nickel-and-dime charges that an expensive hotel should never charge.  $29/day for parking, even for hotel guests (no discount for guests is BAD policy).  Also, if you stay in the parking lot past 4pm, you get charged $23 extra.  $3 for the concierge to hold your bags after checkout - really?  A darn expensive hotel restaurant.  A new $10 service fee for Fairmont Fit gym clothes (if you aren't a Premiere member of the club).  As a frequent traveller, these left a bit of a sour taste in my mouth.Still, this hotel is beautiful and in a great location.  I would recommend it!
2	The Location is good but not what I expected for the price.  The rooms drastically need an overhaul and are very small. I expected a lot more. It is outdated, the Lobby is the nicest part of the inside of the hotel.
3	I love the Fairmont chain - I think it's great that they're snatching up alot of the world's historic hotels and making them into gems.  I recently stayed at the Fairmont in Shanghai and had the most amazing hotel experience ever.  I had a buddy tell me the same about the Savoy in London.  Because of that, it's perplexing for me to rate the Fairmont in Montreal so low.  The problem isn't charm, or even the service for the most part - it's consistency.  I stay at the Queen Elizabeth about 2-3 times a year while I'm doing business in Montreal, and the first couple of times I came it was great: good / clean spacious rooms with excellent service, small touches awaiting me in the room.  The last couple of times have been anywhere from frustrating to plain horrible.  Most recently they messed up my room reservation, and I ended up knocking on someone else's room thinking it was mine - this went on for about 20 minutes at 11PM at night after a grueling turbulence filled flight.  Another time they had to move me to a smoker's floor due to another mix up (I don't smoke).One bright note however is that the room service menu is pretty decent.  I tend to work late, and their late night poutines are a god send.  Gotta love Montreal!
2	I had to go to Montreal for a conference so I thought it was the perfect opportunity to try a Fairmont for the first time. I had heard so many good things about the hotels and I was very excited about my stay. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. The hotel looked nice and expensive on the inside but it was very ugly on the outside. The staff had water available in the lobby which was a nice touch. The concierge was very helpful and did not appear judgmental regarding any individual he/she helped - definitely a plus. However, the room was very small. It was not unbearable, but it was not spacious. The bathroom was also pretty tight. I really enjoy open spaces and larger bathrooms so this was kind of a downside for me. The real downside was the shower that was obviously severely clogged. By the time you finished a shower, you were waddling in your own grossness. A huge major insanely large negative for me as I am VERY particular with clean, open and properly functioning bathrooms. I also noticed the very white sheets had some light stains on them and at least one towel was so worn, it had see-through holes in it but I guess since the threads were still hanging on for dear life, they continued to use the towel and pretend it was plush and perfect (ha). Another downside was the internet access. They charge $15/night and I feel it is a little hefty considering the expense of the hotel already and the fact that internet is such a huge part of everyone's life these days. I guess they figure since the high rollers are spending money to stay there, they will also spend money for internet but it really stinks for people like me who are trying it out on a business (read: need internet) trip and have to limit expenses. All in all, I am not sure I will return to this hotel and it has definitely left a sour taste in my mouth regarding stays at any other Fairmonts. In fact, I've stayed in other hotels that do not have the large "Fairmont" name and the stay was much more comfortable! I am bummed about this experience! :-(
3	Stayed here for two months for work. I got to know the place pretty well.I have to say, the prime attraction of this place is the location at PVM. But other than that, it's just another hotel to me. Nothing special. I'd rather Air BNB to be honest with you for a period that long.
4	Hubby and I booked a night here for our visit to the US Consulate General, which is just down the street. Boulevard Rene-Levesque does not have any cheap hotels, and you don't want to commute in from the suburbs for an ass-crack-of-dawn appointment. We sucked it up and paid for a room at the QE.Yes, they nickel-and-dime you. Internet use in the room cost extra, as did the pretty-much-mandatory valet parking. There's cheaper parking within a ten minute walk of the hotel, but it was all outdoors, from what I could see. If you're worried about weather or crime at all, pay for the valet parking. The valet service is great if you like that sort of thing -- personally, I would prefer being able to walk to my car and get things out of it myself, rather than having someone bring me the car and accidentally charge me for parking twice. (Yes, we got that fixed when we left.)We were too tired to spend time looking too hard for cheap food, especially because it was Sunday night and we weren't sure what would be open. But within a ten-minute walk there's a mall with a small IGA supermarket and two food courts, and if you go up to Rue Ste.-Catherine you'll find all the fast food. If you want to splurge, the hotel has three swanky restaurants plus there are several more a few doors down. The hotel is gorgeous inside, without being glitzy. It's classy rather than ostentatious. The single queen bed room that we got was a bit on the small side, and I think the bed was smaller than a queen, but it was really plush and comfy. Everything was clean and pretty much perfect. One thing that you don't have to pay extra for: use of the in-room Keurig for your morning coffee. If you're sensitive to perfumes, do not open the Le Labo Rose 31 toiletries. Whoooeeee. I liked them but I feel the need to warn those with allergies. The full star off is for all the little extra charges. Otherwise this is a great place to stay for a romantic weekend or a little pampering on a stressful trip. Someday I'll bring lots of money and get the whole experience, rather than just sleeping and being off again.
4	As the name suggests, the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth is definitely one of the city's Grande Dame hotels (in terms of age and reputation).  Conveniently located above the central train station and close to major banks and offices, this hotel offers travelers and visitors convenient, compact luxury.  Budget conscious travelers should steer clear, but those seeking modern amenities should probably look elsewhere.Pros:-Convenient location with direct access to the RES network, central train station, and within walking distance of the Bonaventure and McGill Metro-Super comfortable bed-Great shower with terrific, lightly scented amenities (they are pretty neutral and not overpowering)-Big LCD Flatscreen Television-Complementary WiFi (at least for our room; may vary for other visitors)-Spacious gym-Helpful staff-Free water in the lobbyCons:-Very tiny rooms-Bathroom fixtures seemed a little dated and broken; there was a large crack in the sink, one of the handles was broken, and the toilet was installed askew.-$19 for room service continental breakfast (coffee, juice, pastry)???-Gym equipment would not look out of place in a 1980s Jane Fonda workout video (except for the cardio equipment, which looked fairly new)Even though this hotel advertises itself as a five-star, it's really a four star.  Definitely upscale, but also showing its age a little bit.  Still, it's a classic Canadian hotel and a comfortable way to stay in the city.
5	Very nice place in Montreal.  We stayed here for a bachelorette party.  It was very convenient to everything, you can take the train to other cities or the metro to sights within the city.  Not to mention the underground city is accessible without having to go out into the cold.  There are several eateries to choose from and a mall to shop at.
4	This is a luxury hotel with service to match.  Our check in with Steven went smoothly and he gave us a room on the 8th floor with a view of Mont Royal.  Yes, the room is small and a little tight, but we were on vacation and only used it for sleeping and freshening up.  The bed was wonderful and I had my best nights of sleep in a long time.  I've been meaning to email the hotel to see what brand of mattress and pillows they use.  Superb.  The bathroom was also small but well designed to maximize space and it never felt crowded.The concierge was full of helpful tips on dining out and answered questions about tours.  Front desk requests, like a call for extra towels, were responded to immediately.  And at check-in, after inquiring about wifi, we were told it was free if we joined the President's Club, which is free itself.  Done, although internet service turned out to be weak.  There's a dedicated employee at the front desk for the President's Club which will allow you to bypass long check-in/check-out lines, which we observed on several occasions.  One other nice perk is that the hotel provides free bicycles to guests.  And natch, priority is given to President's Club members.   I rarely partake of on-site restaurants at a hotel because of the high prices so can't comment on those at the Queen Elizabeth.  However, the Place de Ville is directly underneath the hotel and there's even an elevator from the lobby that takes you directly to that level.  Numerous coffee shops and patisseries offer up good value and are just steps away.  Saint Cinnamon's was a favorite.The downtown location is terrific with lots of restaurants and shopping nearby, including all those shops underground.  Plus, there's easy access to the orange and green subway lines from the hotel lobby, so you're just minutes away from getting anywhere in the city.  We loved the hotel, the service and location and you will too.
4	I will take any excuse to go to Montreal, QC, so I've tried a lot of different hotels in that city. I've never been to the Queen Elizabeth because it's beyond my price range, but I was traveling with someone who wanted the style of accommodation to which he has become accustomed, so there we were.I don't want to love the Queen Elizabeth, so I'm going to start off by saying that the cheese curds on the room service poutine were not to my satisfaction. On the other hand, they serve the poutine with the gravy on the side (they describe it as unctuous, but i thought it was light and lovely) and maybe if I had gotten to the meal faster I would have been able to properly melt the cheese curds over those perfectly crispy fries and it would have been a better experience. So there; a flaw at the Queen Elizabeth. If you're ordering poutine then I don't think you care if the gravy is on the side, so assume we are putting aside our calorie counting and pour it on!But will this flaw make me overlook the bright tastefully furnished hotel room? The well-equipped gym  with attentive attendants and fresh fruit on the bar? The four foot deep swimming pool where you can practice your laps and splash around with your kids before moving to the side for a soak in the hot tub, or if you prefer, a steam in  the eucalyptus-scented sauna in the change room?Will it make me overlook the absolute professionalism and pleasantness of every single person I met at that hotel? Can it make me forget that this is the best possible location in the city because I went from train to hotel instantly and had seamless access to a myriad of dining options in the food court, the shopping and restaurants of Ville Marie and the rest of the underground city and the Montreal Metro? Will it take away the memories of the gracious lobby, the scrumptious room-service hamburger or the kindness with which everyone received my 7-year-old's attempts to greet them en francais?I know, I'll focus on the fact that they charged me $16/day for internet that was good when it was working but didn't work all the time. That way my mind won't need to linger, wistfully on the memories of it all. *sigh*
2	For a Fairmont, this hotel was crappy!  First of all, they do not have enough staff to check in/out people and answer questions without waiting in a 15 minute or more line (like every time I walked through the lobby, day or night).Second, we got a room on a 'non-smoking' floor but the bathroom definitely smelled like someone had been smoking in there or next door. When we complained to the staff and requested a room change because someone later on, was smoking in the nearby stairwell (the smoke alarms went off and even after security came and told her should could not smoke there, she continued to do so asking the staff to just 'turn off' the alarm) they said guest services would contact us- they never did.When my husband went down to the lobby the next day to inquire about a room change, they said nothing but told us they could put something in the room to quell the smell (I don't know if they did anything, but it didn't smell any different).I know a lot of people smoke in Montreal (well more than where I am from in California) but, really, if you want to have guests who don't smoke stay at your hotel, maybe you should really, truly have non-smoking rooms/floors. I think I cut at least 5 years from my life due to the smoke.I also agree with what others have said, the room was very small and the amenities seemed old/outdated, again for a nicer hotel.Bottom line- look elsewhere for a hotel, I'm sure there are tons of better ones in the area.
2	Ambiance: GoodRoom: Average (poor considering this is a luxury chain)Service/Concierge: N/A (not used)Parking:Not usedLocation: Excellent (without car) as its right above the VIA rail and connected to STMFor a Fairmont this place is a surprise. My exposure to this chain of hotels has been limited to dinning as I usually stick to another chain of hotel (loyalty cards make you pick a chain and stick to it :) or hotwire in most cases. However we got a good rate and a 2 bedroom was necessity which rules out using hotwire (not guaranteed)/The hotel was booked solid and I was offered a free breakfast if I took a smoking room(bleh). The room was on the 4th floor and the walkaway had a clear cigarette smell so I wasn't sure I got right room (I found out later that the floor above had smoking rooms hence the smoke smell leaks on the floor below).The room was minuscule and the old style furniture it was completely overwhelmed and there was barely any room to walk around let alone put stuff.  The washroom didn't fare better  as the layout is very poor and the shower took forever to drain. One of the friend's got upgraded to a suite since they have the Platinum status on the Fairmont Club. For a suite I think the room was underwhelming as well. The location is quite good as its few min from the main drag and is located on the transport hub. Will I stay here again hmm not likely.
3	Introduction.I had to stay in Montreal this past weekend for a wedding and because I was coming by train, I thought staying at the Fairmont would be the most convenient. What I noticed was that were no obvious signs to the hotel once in the train station, and I had to ask a security guard to lead me down a long hallway to the elevators. Note to whoever is responsible...there should be better signage to the Fairmont (there are so many exits within the train station that you can take!)Check In.Because I arrived at around 9:40pm, it was quiet. There was no one manning any of the check-in kiosks, let alone the President's Club desk, but a lady soon came as she was chatting to a colleague. I liked how she asked right away if I would be requiring exercise gear and I said yes. When I was in my room, I got my work-out clothes (new socks, t-shirt, pants, and gym shoes) promptly delivered. Smooth check-in.Room 1256.The room was old, and although the Royal York in Toronto is old...I don't know...something was off. The room is comfortable for sure and has basic amenities. There is a safe and mini-bar (the ones where as soon as you remove something you get charged).The bathroom was from the 80's and had green marbling all over. It was small. I wasn't so keen on the hairdryer as it was a dingy little thing (attached to the wall) and you had to turn the electricity or current on by first pushing a small button right on the outlet, than turn the hairdryer on. I first thought it was broken! Le Labo Rose products are available and I love anything Le Labo... There are two bathrobes provided, but no slippers!I also got a box of chocolate cookies (first night) and two big bottles of water each night. I really appreciated the water as it is something I always need to buy. I have a feeling this was because of my Platinum status, so it did feel nice to be "rewarded" for reaching that level. Also, I got free WIFI, shoe-shining service, Globe and Mail delivered every morning, and of course, the exercise kit.Noise Level.Couldn't hear anything. Occasional room banging, but nothing during the night. Slept great.Extras.On-site gym facility as well as a pool. The picture on the website makes it seem much larger than it really is (naturally...) and as an avid lane swimmer, I was disappointed at the 12m length. But, a pool is a pool.In the main reception area, there is free lemon-ice water which I thought was a nice touch. Plastic cups available as well.On-site spa and salon (Gibson).Concierge available (I didn't get to use this service).Luggage Room. This was my biggest disappointment. If you have already checked-out of your room but wanted to place your luggage with the hotel, it's $2/piece of anything, regardless of size. I don't remember the Royal York doing this in Toronto, but I hate when hotels feel the need to charge on such little things. This is one of the times where I wish being a Platinum member helps, but nope, you get charged regardless.Hotel accessible through train station, Centre Gare.Overall, I am glad I tried this Fairmont out, but I have to say it was nothing ordinary. Certainly, the Royal York is the much better Fairmont (IMO) compared to La Reine Elizabeth. But, the location and convenience can't be beat. It connects to the underground shops, and metro. At a rate of $139/night (I got a special code), I feel like I got exactly what I paid for. Nothing more.
4	I am a fairmont lover. I have stayed at fairmont a all over the country. It's my second stay here and I will come again. The hotel is beautiful, has a lot of old charm. The spa is very clean and peaceful. As I consider myself a foodie, I would say that I was not so impressed with the breakfast buffet. The selection is small and simple not to the fairmont standards I'm used to. I did not try the Beaver club simply due to the dress code. Sometimes you just want good food without all the fuss of getting dressed up. All in all- the hotel staff, rooms and location are great. I will be returning.
3	Our room looked tired. Definitely not a 4 star. Small bathroom with cracks in the the bathrooms tiles.
2	Does not live up to what you expect from a Fairmont hotel. Very very small room on Gold Level and noisy, I could even hear when the room next to mine turned off the light!!!! Cracked faucet in bathroom etc. on my next stay I had a king suite, but no safe. And no bathrobes which I expected for a suite at that price.
2	I would have to say that this is one of the worst hotels ive visited. The room's bathtub was chipping away and there was cracks in the lighting fixtures, this is not something expected of from a so called 4 Star hotel! The worst part of the experience was the customer service. I hope it had nothing to do with not being able to speak French.
5	The Montrealer restaurant. OKAY I'm a fan and have been since childhood.  My best meal there is the club sandwich...it is very well done served in a proper classic location at a very reasonable price, considering the overall quality, food, setup, service, atmosphere and etc.
3	We had our wedding at the Fairmont Hotel Vancouver and was completely blown away with the service and experience. It is of course why we decided to stay at the Queen Elizabeth while in Montreal a few weeks later. First off the location is great. In the heart of downtown and within walking distance of almost all attractions. The first morning the power went off and we weren't given much information as to why and how long we would have to wait for hot water and power. Despite calling down several times to the receptionist we were told they were instructed to turn the power off due to a gas leak near by. After showering we went downstairs and it seemed like it was a bit chaotic. In Vancouver we had amazing concierge team that literally knew the answers to every question we needed. We only had a few questions about how to get to certain places and our answers was simply this "You can get there by train, taxi or by walking"  To me that is crazy. They are obvious choices and the lady didn't really seem to care much about helping us but rather to point us in the direction of a map that was entirely in French. I hope this is just a one off! As a platinum member of Fairmont hotel I have come to expect a higher level of a customer experience.  This was more of a let down than a wow factor.
3	Great location but expensive - rooms are ok, be sure to request a newer one.
5	we stayed here during a friends wedding in Montreal, I have nothing negative to say about this hotel and would do so again hands down . We paid for the diamond package and it was well worth it. We were treated like royalty the second we arrived. The rooms were impeccably clean, the bed was one of the most comfortable ever, room service arrived hot and delicious,I loved how the on site spa did my hair- the dresser even ran down to the flower shop on a lower level because she decided on the spot that flowers in my hair would be perfect! It was expensive but worth every cent and more!
5	It does not get any better then this!  Go for the GOLD  service as it is so worth it.  Personal and friendly concierge service, deluxe continental breakfast, hor d'oeuvres in the evening, free Internet and so much more.  The hotel is so elegant, comfortable beds, excellent location.  While I had heard of the underground shopping nearby, I was surprised to find the bakeries, restaurants and boutiques just under the hotel with a train station.  I have been to New York, Los Angeles, Paris, London, Rome and other large cities, but Montreal has stolen my heart!  Low crime rate, exquisite dining and a wonderful place to stay, who could ask for anything more?  I will always remember this very special visit and especially the "Fairmont Queen Elizabeth"
4	Stayed here with 2 other friends this past weekend and I was pleased with my stay here at the Fairmont Queen Elizabeth. From Valet to Check-In, each staff member was very helpful and answered all of our many questions. The location was phenomenal....walking distance from great restaurants and bars on Rue St. Catherines and to Vioux Montreal. The room was small and a bit outdated but comfortable enough for 3 women....the bedding was very comfortable. I only wish that the bathrooms had more counter space...with 3 women it was hard to lay out our many products.I will return here when I am in Montreal again.
5	982 newly renovated rooms.  Staff is very welcoming and their chef is the bees knees. Gold floor members are invited to enjoy the gold lobby with complimentary beverages and honour bar. Breakfast included (which in Montreal can be quite the savings). Train station located under the hotel. And access to underground shopping centre through hotel as well.  Top notch.
3	We stayed here as part of a tour group.  The location was good, the room was nice, the bed was comfortable, the pillows not.  The bathroom was okay, the sink was dated and chipped, the air conditioning never worked properly.  It wasn't a horrible experience, just so-so.
2	Did not give me the room I booked. Room was old and small. Carpet in room soiled.Construction outside window for 5 days. Manager uncaring and curt and did not offer any compensation for our discomfort. Water in lobby for quest was empty. Rooms not cleaned in timely manner. Never received morning paper. Would not recommend this hotel. I am a Fairmont Club member.
1	We were booked at this hotel for a conference. It started with arrival a full day and a half prior to the conference and upon check-in told that per our request our smoking room was ready. There isn't a chance in hell that we reserved a smoking room.we were told that the hotel was sold out for the conference and there was nothing to be done; we were well ahead of the conference crowd... Really...couldn't someone checking in later bear the brunt of this issue. I refused the smoking room so ultimately we were given a room on the third floor (view: vents and roof ) which clearly isn't often used...the dust on the furniture was thick, the room smelled musty and the worst part was that although it was a non smoking floor, people were smoking and it was coming in through the air ducts and vents. When we complained, we were told there was nothing to be done. Felt like a tired big city hotel in a good locale.
5	Great service! We also had a nice lunch and breakfast downstairs in their restaurant. Our room was very nice as was their fitness center that we used. I would definitely recommend staying here if you have the $$$!
4	Can be confusing at times in terms with talking to people that works here but pretty nice hotel and close to everything.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here.  The rooms are small, but well designed and appointed.  They are comfortable.  The bed is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in.  The Amtrak is connected to the hotel through the underground city system and this is a huge advantage.  When you arrive in Montreal, you are almost already at your hotel.  The location is perfect for shopping and anything else you want to do.  Join the President's Club online before you arrive at the hotel and you will get your high speed internet free.
3	Over the holidays front desk not staffed to face crowd. Same really comfortable beds but very dated bathrooms. Heard that renovations are in the work. It's a good thing as it can't justify 5 stars pricing in its current state. I personally wouldn't pay regular prices but really good deal on a corporate rate.
