5	I have been going to this Chiropractic/Wellness Center for years. All of the Doctors here are very good, respectfull and friendly.  My husband & I see Dr. Wood and my kids see Dr. Lisa Wood (his wife) that specialized in children and Brain Core Therapy. One of my daughters has ADD/ADHD and has been doing the brain therapy for about 2 months and I am noticing some great changes in her additude. She also has censory issues and it seems to be helping that as well.My daughter used to only wear 1 to 2 outfits and I'd have to constantly wash her clothes trying to keep up with the 2 outfits and now she is wearing about 4 or 5 outfits interchanging.I know that sounds weird, but if you have a kid with sensory problems, you would understand what I'm talking about. She is also eating more things which is good, because she wouldn't touch vegetables no matter how much I threatened her and now she is eating them plus chips and salsa, lol! She has stopped her little raging fits by about 70% and for me, that's Amazing!!       Oh, and they are across the street from Walmart, lol...You would only think that was funny if you read my Walmart review!Anyway, just wanted to give a H-U-G to all the Doctors at AZ Sports Chiropractic for all the years of taking care of my family. Each and everyone of you are wonderful!Blessings,Fay
5	Love Dr Wood! They take the time to treat you before your adjustment with heat or cold, then stimulation of the problem area. Before you get adjusted they massage the trouble area. The appt takes around 45m but totally worth the time. I highly recommend this chiropractor to all of my friends and family.
5	Dr. Wood is awesome and his staff is great too.
5	Dr. Wood is constantly learning new healing techniques. He has walls covered with certificates. He is licensed in rehab and before attending chiropractic school, he assisted a physical therapist. He is a wonderful wholistic doctor who cares about his patients and doesn't mind working hard to bring them relief. So glad I found him.
5	Our family is involved in various sports. Our aches and injuries are unique to each of us and this place addresses our individual Needs. We get therapy, exercise suggestions and adjustments plus great care. They even ask about our athletic goals to keep us on track!
5	I was very hesitant about going to a Chiropractor. You hear all these horror stories about things that can go wrong. But after a car accident and so much back pain I was desperate. Dr Wood got me right in and feeling better right away. He has even scheduled when i'm sure he didn't get a break just so I could get in. His staff is so delightful! They know me by name when I come in and greet me with a smile every time. Even when the pain is rough, they are so helpful and cheerful it helps so much! Without a doubt i'd send anyone and everyone i know here!
