2	There are a lot of Taco Bells to choose from in the Vegas Valley and unless your like me and this one is close by or its just on the way then pass it up!There's nothing really wrong with this Taco Bell in general but every time we are craving some TB we go here because its the only one near by and they just drive me crazy because they never have the new burrito or taco and always seem to run out of the items that I want or like. I mean how can you advertise the new Nacho burrito all over the place and don't have it or we are sorry we ran out of those right now. Wait what. how the crap do you run out of tortia chips, cheese, beef, beans and tortias when that's what you do!All in all its a taco bell and honestly when it comes to the flavor and service its pretty much the same. Sometimes there are good employees there that care sometimes there's not and its not the locations fault its the young dumb kid behind the counter! So I can't blame TB franchise for that. As far as there seating area its pretty large for a taco bell. typically clean and just as any TB you get your food done the same and fast!
3	I always say it's so hard to review chains.  This Taco Bell is located close to my home.  This is where I am torn.  It's also next to Roberto's Taco Shop.  I actually enjoy some taco bell every once and while.  I really think the only reason I go is because of the drive thru.  When you have 2 kids in the back of the car, it's kind of hard to unload the kids and get down sometimes.  When I go to taco I usually order the same 'ol things.  I get a bean burrito and some nachos.  The food is ok. I have left this taco bell missing some items, so that gets annoying.  Overall it's a taco bell.  Chains are consistent.  What ever you get here in Las Vegas will be the same in Texas and other place in the country.  The restaurant stays pretty clean when I do go inside and the workers usually look pretty happy.  If you want something specific from Taco Bell then check it out.  Otherwise, there are plenty of other fast Mexican food joints close by.  Cheers!
5	Drive through very slow at this location...But i love Taco Bell!!
2	Meh.I was having my friend over who I have not seen in awhile for a movie night. I asked her what she wanted to eat and she said Taco Bell so I drove there to get food before she came.I picked the drive-thru and ordered a Mexican Pizza for my buddy and asked for no meat because she chooses to exclude it from her diet. They asked me 3x if I was sure that I did not want meat in the Mexican Pizza and all 3x I said, "Yes, no meat in the Mexican Pizza" I finished my order, paid, picked up the food, and went home.The taco that I had ordered looked like a joke because it was only half filled? Where was the rest of the insides? Lol. My friend bit into her food and immediately spat it back out with a horrified look on her face saying there was meat in there. I apologized profusely and assured her that I did ask them not to put meat in there. Basically, there was no movie night because we had to go out to eat.
1	We r regulars and usually dine in.  Again today I see the girl at the window blowing her nose then handle orders.  Last time the person took money with gloves on then proceeded to make our order and did not change gloves.  This staff needs a refresher on food handling!  Good was Luke warm again.
1	I just moved to this area and this is the closest taco bell to my house. I've been there six times now and not once has my order been right, its always a surprise what I will receive.
