5	We picked Royal Crest Cleaners 6 years ago because of it's proximity to the supermarket I shop and it's convenience from where we live.  Royal Crest Cleaners is one of two dry cleaners I regularly bring my and dear SO's clothes.  It is also the dry cleaner of our not too expensive and not  too delicate clothes and silk duvet covers and silk pillowcases.  It is the cheaper dry cleaner of my two favorite dry cleaners.  Me and Significant Other have been Royal Crest Cleaner's customers for 6 years now and I've no complaints.  They've never ruined any of our clothes.  Neither have they ever lost any item.  Cost to dry clean a men's shirt, $4.25.  Cost to dry clean a ladies' denim jeans, $3.50.  Best thing about Royal Crest Cleaners:  you get your items the next day.
4	Been coming here since I moved to Vegas and haven't had any problems. Pricing is about average for dry cleaning and the job gets done. I don't like how the parking space is yards away from the building, so its a small walk.
5	These guys are AWESOME! Very good price, super  friendly  and fast service
5	This is the only place in town I take my dry cleaning. The staff are very friendly, and the prices are exceptionally cheap. I've never had any negative experience at this store.
1	I don't do a whole lot of dry cleaning, but do get my work shirts done once in a while.I have given Royal Crest a few chances. They have destroyed buttons and forgotten to starch numerous times when starch was requested. Although they have offered to re-clean and starch shirts - They have REFUSED to fix the buttons broken by careless ironing.The last straw was when I brought in a new plain white dress shirt blouse to be laundered. I took it home and the blouse sat in my closet for months in it's dry clean wrapping bag. Then one day I finally took it out to wear it. The tags were still on it. I found the shirt sleeve was ripped and had grease all over it!I finally got around to the cleaners to show them the damage, but they denied doing the damage and refused to do anything about it. So now I have a $40 blouse ruined.My lesson to learn here is to always look carefully at everything BEFORE you leave the premises. They get a lot of work due to their central location, but for sure, I will never ever use this cleaners again.
1	I chose this dry cleaning store off of the internet, my husband passes through there several times per week so I figured it be ok although it's completely on then other side of town. They charged me $10 to clean my coat, which I'm not sure if it's a good price because I don't really use dry cleaners, but it was ok as long as it looked good.  Once I picked it up I didn't check it out until the day I wanted to wear it. It is a cream color coat, and it really wasn't dirty but the very edges of the sleeves, when I checked it out when I was to wear it the sleeves were still dirty. It looked like they grabbed a wet rag and rubbed it on there so it took some off but smeared the rest. And it had a bunch of fluff from another fabric which was darker. So it ended up worst. I'm never coming here again that's for sure.
2	Cheap dry cleaning but Im not big on people eating while they do customer service. I can still smell her food.
