5	Thankfully Max wrote up a review for this.  I was writing reviews for the Sig Derb in the MGM Grand reviews.Best game in Vegas....EVER.  Even better than spot the hooker.Two rolls of quarters can last you an hour and a half on a bad streak ($20).  I've hit the 200-1 here twice.  In July 2010, February 2011.  Each was a $1 bet.  $200 profit?  Thanks, I'll go blow it all on Craftsteak or head to Mandalay Bay and grab a Surf-N-Turf Burger @ Burger Bar (LOBSTAH BUGAHHH!)I have gotten drunk at this game for minimum amounts, I've stayed sober at this game, I've played it with 20+ people surrounding it waiting for a seat on a holiday weekend, and I've played it with 1 other person at the table.Best game in Vegas.......no lie. Note: Last Sigma Derby machine in Vegas.  Thanks MGM Grand for keeping the dream alive.
5	I was here three years ago and my friends walked me up and down the strip for an entire week stopping at every casino asking the question of where the heck is the horse game? We couldn't find it so when I saw the review on YELP I bookmarked so I could come check it out. It was a TON OF FUN!There is a spot for 10gamers a change machine on site to get quarters and in the 3hours I spent there I only saw 1 empty spot. This is by far the only game Ive seen that gets the players as well as the crowd that gathers so engrossed they yell and scream at the horses like they were at the track themselves.There was a group from Germany there last night and speaking German a little I loved listening to them and watching their excitement. These guys were even making side bets out side of the game and I was just waiting for security to come put a stop to our fun. Outside of the machine breaking down three times in the time I was there we were left alone and it was an amazing time.CHECK THIS GAME OUT ASAP it may end up in storage again soon.
4	Who doesn't love Sigma Derby!  Sitting at this machine in the MGM Grand was one of the highlights our our trip to Vegas.  Playing is simple.  You just put quarters in the machine and bet on the combination of horses coming in first and second.  This is a great way to gamble and drink for free for hours without losing too much as long as you bet smart.  I usually put one quarter on the long shot, two on the best odds, and one more on a medium odds combo and play for hours without losing much (or possibly even winning some).  The last time we played, I hit one of the long shots and left with more money that we started with.  I also got some free beer and left with a smile on my face.  This is my favorite gambling machine anywhere.  I've also spent a few quarters on the Sigma Derby at the Mont Bleu in Tahoe and love them just as much.
1	My heart is broken.  The Derby machine has been removed for repairs.  They didn't say when it would be back and I have a hunch it is gone for good. The last vestige of the Las Vegas that I love is gone... :'(  Bobby D was right at the end of Casino.. "Corporations ruined it...  the good ' ol days...  today it's all gone."  The slot person said it was removed for repairs but I know it was moved because of dollars per square foot or the percentage of the take or the profits per hour or whatever these people use to gouge every last penny of profits.  I am sure they are bringing in a digital version instead.The last known to me derby machine has been sent to storage.  This is not about the removal of a game, this is about the end of an era.  Las Vegas has officially jumped the shark.  The last icon of the real Las Vegas is gone.(as of 12-16-2012)in the event they bring this back, please post.
5	PLAY THIS GAME. Oops I mean, play this game if you are into good old fashion vintage Vegas fun + camaraderie. The table is located very near the buffet in The MGM Grand.  The rumor is that its the only one left on the strip and one of two in Vegas.  The Sigma Derby table is a place of pure magic, one of the only games that still takes and pays out quarters, each player sits with their own board and bets on which 2 tiny ponies out of five that they think will win. After each race the odds come up and you have 30 seconds to pick your ponies. I have yet to see the 200:1 odds hit, but because of the Derby Magic, its common knowledge that whenever you have the chance you bet the longshot....You don't want to be the only person who didn't! How can you not bet the 200:1 when the amazing oldtimer across from you with his oxygen in yells HORSE TIME! With the Derby comes amazing company like this. As much money as you can sit and lose playing this game, its ALWAYS worth it, and you STILL have a chance to walk away ahead. One night barely paying attention I won 150 quarters and danced my way back to my room with my tiny bucket of coins.You end up sitting for hours with like minded Sigma Derby lovers drinking free cocktails and yelling at five tiny plastic horses. What more can you ask for? Find the Sigma Derby the next time your in Vegas, it only takes 1 quarter to get yourself into the game.
5	YES INDEED, this is the best game in Vegas...you might have to scavenge for it during the MGM remodel but....but it's SO SO SO worth the stop.
5	I love this game
5	I don't know how long it was out for repairs, but it's currently right back by the buffet.  Just played it all weekend :)
5	I'm at MGM right now and it is not in its usual place by the "win a car slots"It's now right by the Grand Buffet and they moved the Grey hound racing game down by the bar.But both are still at MGM!
5	I love this freaking machine!  It's still alive and kickin' (for now) at the MGM Grand, near the buffet.  We played several times, and there was always a lively crowd surrounding this game.I love that you can play with ACTUAL quarters instead of this "insert at least $1" crap that most of the other, digitized "25 cent" games are pulling now.  Sutton C said it well - you'll definitely develop a sense of camaraderie with the folks around the table with you as you all bet the odds (playing it safe or putting it all on the highest stakes).  I haven't seen anyone "make it big" on this machine; mostly everyone who plays seems to just fritter away their quarters slowly, or break even in the end.  There's something so charming about the actual, metal horsies under the glass running the course.  And it's exciting - any pair of them could win each time!  It's impossible to tell at the start who will cross the finish first, and if there is a pattern, I couldn't pick up on it, making this game a thrill every time.I hope it lasts a long, long time!
