5	Have done plenty of business with BlackSheep over the years, and have to say these guys rock. Whether your bringing your late model car in for tune up or fully restoring your classic ride, this is your shop. The staff is friendly, professional, and well-informed in all automotive areas. Prices are extremely fair, you won't get ripped off here. Hands down one of the best in town.
5	It is not easy finding an honest mechanic in Las Vegas.My girlfriend took her car there a few weeks ago and was quoted "at least $400". It ended up costing $260. I have never heard of a repair shop over estimating. I took my car in this afternoon. I was told I need  $1k repair from another chain repair shop in town. Josh took a look at it, ran a diagnostic test and it was a fuel issue. He told me to use a higher octane fuel in the summer months. They won a customer for life by being honest/transparent. They also won someone that will spread the good word as finding a good auto repair shop in Las Vegas is a challenge. Thank you Mike, Josh and Scott for all you do.
5	The guys here are absolutely amazing at being honest about pricing and labor along with completely backing there work.  I have always brought my car here (originally via referral from a good friend) and they have always done an amazing job.  Also everyone i have referred to them has had the same great experience that i have had.
5	The guys that work here are super nice and know what they're talking about when it comes to cars. I brought my car in for lowering springs, oil changes, window tint, HIDs   and since then it runs and drives perfect. They have outstanding service! My parts ordered were shipped immediately and was done in a quick timely manner.
5	I have known Scott since I lived in CT, he had worked on my 1990 VW Corrado several years ago and since I had moved the car to California.  He is the only mechanic I have ever completed trusted.  As we all know that trust is essential when you leave your car with a mechanic.  You will be more than satisfied with your repair bill as well.  Knowing that you have not been overcharged.  I drove my VW Corrado from Calif. to Vegas, just to have him work on it exclusively.  Since then, I have purchased a 1967 Lincoln Continental, which I had towed from CT to Vegas for Scott to install a new fuel efficient engine and perform other exhaust, brakes, and misc. repairs.  Scott can handle any type of year, make, model car repairs with his over 20 years of experience.  He also frequently performs custom work of all kinds, whatever is needed or customers' request.
5	It doesn't matter if it's an upgrade, repair,  or question, the staff of this family owed shop will help. Their collective knowledge of engines and common problems helped me solve a simple problem with my Audi that other shops guaranteed was severe and costly. My first visit was very reassuring and after a new car new problem visit I wouldn't recommend any other shops in Vegas to take care of me and my family.
5	these guys are the real deal! i got quoted to fix my ac for over 800 bucks and I got referred to Black Sheep and they had my AC fixed for less than 200 bucks! They are honest and will only use good parts to fix your car! I recommend them for any issues with your car
5	Very nice guys. They fixed the problem I had, which was some electrical problem in my truck causing head lights, tail lights, and blinkers not working properly.I will update my review if I visit this place again (which I'm sure I eventually will)
