5	I saw an advertisement for this place on Facebook and decided to check out a new game store on my side of town.  The store is tucked into a quiet strip mall with ample parking.   Upon entering the store, I was pleasantly surprised at how clean, and well organized the store is.  Most of other game stores I've been to were messy and difficult to locate what I was looking for.   Anyway, all of the games are organized in display cases by system and title.  They are laid out flat so it's easy to see the front label and not have to search by the top label.  Also, from what I've seen, they don't have any games in poor condition, which is a plus for collectors.  The prices are also very competitive.  I just bought games from another store that same day, and found the exact same games for about 20-30% cheaper.  The owners, Doug and Nicole,  greeted me as I walked in and told me that they just opened and had a special discount for their grand opening.    They were quick to answer my questions and very helpful as well.  I really like their down-to-earth vibe, it was nice to be able to talk to them about games and all other things geek culture.   I'm really excited for Doug and Nicole and their store, it's nice to have a shop in this side of town that's polite, clean and organized.  I hope others find this gem!
5	My boyfriend and I came in on Black Friday cause we had been talking for a long time about getting a GameCube again and I had my ps2 stolen a while back and wanted another one. They were having 20% off so we checked it out and we got a GameCube with a controller and all the wires for 40 and just the PS2 console (cause we still had the wires and two controllers) for 25 and with the 20% off it was only 56$! WTF for two systems? We were like YES take our money!! They have a good selection of older games and are very knowledgeable and nice! Even better, the disc drive on the ps2 wouldn't stay closed and I brought it back and they replaced it no questions asked. If you're looking for an older system or need a few games for the n64 you just found, go here!!
5	Doug and Nicole are the cutest thing since Link and Princess Zelda.  They have a great selection, always nice and informative.  Traded-in some games for store credit, they give fair credit and they never take advantage or overcharge.   I will be a regular there for sure!
5	Retro City Games is the place to go for pretty much any previous-generation console needs. Doug and Nicole are extremely helpful and I have found myself going to the shop at least once a week ever since I found out about it because they have such a great selection and because the atmosphere is so inviting. I highly recommend them both for their customer service being leaps and bounds greater than every other retro-gaming shop in Las Vegas and for their always-changing selection of games and merchandise, which you don't really see too many of the other retro stores doing.
