4	I had a family member do her post-stroke inpatient rehabilitation at HealthSouth Scottsdale Rehabilitation Hospital. She was an inpatient for 4 weeks and made amazing progress thanks to the great staff of nurses, techs, and therapists. She did about 3 hours of therapy each day (Mon. - Sat.) in Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, and Speech Therapy. They seem to have good PT facilities.The doctors were generally good, but one of the docs she had seemed to just be going through the motions. For minor issues like a potential bladder infection, he would not take any action until she became septic instead of understanding early symptoms and immediately requesting urine tests. Not exactly a model of preventative care. But that was just one of the doctors. The setting outside is pretty nice and peaceful, but inside looks a bit too much like a hospital (cold tile floors, and that awkward hospital pink and blue color scheme). Cafeteria is decent, they serve breakfast lunch and dinner for the patients, and visitors can eat there too for only $3 or $4. Nursing Techs help push patients around and help them with their food trays, and they're very friendly when doing so. They even took my tray from the table, and I was just a guest. I'd definitely recommend this facility for any stroke-related rehab as they specialize in that and have won awards for their service.
3	I also had a family member do post stroke rehab here. Was here visiting for three days on and off. Facility is bright and pretty clean. Nice little courtyard in back to get some fresh air. They have an hourly checkin list on the door for the nurses and aids to stop by, but I didn't see them that much. One aide was nice and helpful when we asked.
1	A family member recently was sent to this facility after a joint replacement. Bottom line: You could die in there and nobody would notice for several hours.
3	First I would like to say thank you to the staff for helping my mother through her stroke recovery. You all have a difficult job in caring for those that are dealing with some form of disability. With that, I do have a couple of criticisms which made you okay in my eyes.1.  My mother suffered not one but two falls while at our facility. This is of concern because even one fall is one too many. I did appreciate the phone call to let us know about it but we didn't know about the second one until my mother told me. She received a heck of a shiner out of it too.2.  My mother's circulation in her left arm and leg were poor and it took me to mention that concern. That's something that should be checked regularly to ensure she doesn't end up with potential bed sores. She did end up with one on an elbow. Yet again, it's the little things that count.3.  Why have a person that obviously is suffering from some form of back pain work with patients when it requires lifting. I watched a person come in with very little enthusiasm to help my mother get back to bed and then she almost pulled the catheter out of my mom when she was moving her wheelchair away. It took me yelling at her to get her attention. Once again, little things count.I will say that Jaynie was very informative and helpful with placing my mother at her next facility. I think she seemed a little bothered by others asking for information on my mother but she called about that and we made those arrangements.This place is an acute care facility and considered a hospital, so don't expect for someone to stay for a long time. They will receive three hours of therapy each day. It seemed to make some difference, but my mother's stroke was severe so we'll only know through time.
3	I visit this establishment with a friend that is getting Physical Therapy.  The PT. staff has always been nice and they seem to care about the Pt's. and they progress they are making.
