5	Just opened in the Meadows Mall food court 1 week ago.What a great idea.An actual diner in the food court here. It has that Great 50's greasy spoon feel & taste. 100% authentic.They also have a counter to eat at, they all wear the traditional uniform and have the jukeboxes at the counter too. 5 cents per song!!I love their burgers/oozing grease-ask for it well done to get the crispy edges/, also the shakes & malts and  The wings are great too.Such a great upgrade from McDonald's here in the mall.
5	In-N-Out Burger lovers REJOICE! Finally a reason to go back to Meadows Mall. Johnny Rockets RAWKS, dewd! Twelve bucks is a little steep for a #12 (burger with special sauce and fries) and a bottomless Pepsi, but the service was good.Think "Happy Days" with nickle-operated, American-made mini juke boxes near every seat. I played "Wild Thing" by The Trogs.More like 50's through early 70's style, but still RAWKS!
5	Salad, All-Meat Chili, Half Fries/Half Onion Rings, bottomless "PeQsi", about thirteen bucks. Totally hard to get a seat due to all the families with little children invading the place, but a real treat! Motivated personnel, and they even did a cheezy employee-participation dance a'la Joes Crab Shack to garner yet even more attention! LOL.Ah, for those that care, the chili is more brown-spicy rather than red-spicy....nice notable cumin flavor in a thick soup. Tasty! Plus, I gotta coupon to return in the next couple of weeks for some cash off my next bill! Woot! Johnny Rockets: The Original Hamburger. ( http://www.johnnyrockets.com )
5	For the last few weeks I have found myself at the Meadows Mall helping a friend find clothes, but I've never found myself to be so hungry as to eat mall food, until I saw that there is a Johnny Rockets here. My friend and I sat at the counter, and it took a minute to order since the waiters were in the middle of dancing! And even with my starvation, I was able to be amused enough by their rendition of Stayin' Alive to wait. When you sit here to eat you get lunch AND a show!The main reason I love Johnny Rockets is because they are totally vegan friendly. I got the Streamliner with a Boca patty, and I added grilled mushrooms. SO tasty! Definitely hit the spot. I love that you can substitute whole what buns and Boca patties for any of the burgers. My friend had an egg salad sandwich with a side salad, and she raved about the egg sandwich. If you're in the mall craving something tasty with a restaurant-feel, this is definitely the place to go. Their menu will satisfy anyone's stomach, and the convenience of it being in the mall is great.
3	Just okay. Burgers are fresh and hit the spot when you've been running around and forget to eat lunch. Onion rings are better than the fries and the chili is forgettable. Staff are awesome, though, and make up for anything lacking in the taste department. I was hungry. They fed me. S'all good.
5	So I am a picky eater when it comes to some home made classic sandwiches but  I actually tried an egg salad somewhere other than my own kitchen.  This had been the first time I had tried a "burger joiny" egg salad and it was really tasty! Try it on toasted sourdough for an extra layer of flavor. After writing this review I really want another one right now :D
1	food was great but they overcharged me for the bill.  Thought I was paying half what I was charged.
4	Great Burgers. Perfectly cooked beef paties. Half and Half option for fries and Orings was welcomed. Crused cubed Ice is the best.  A little pricey. Its like a stripped down (menu) 50s diner version of Red Robin. Not bad at all.
2	I haven't been to Johnny Rockets in such a long time. We decided to eat here today because I had a bogo hamburger combo coupon, so we got two hamburgers with fries and a drink for $12. Pretty awesome deal, but not convincing enough to make me give this place anymore than 2 stars.In the past when I've gone to Johnny Rockets, I wasn't in love with the burgers, but I still thought they were very good. When we got our food today, it looked and tasted like they really downgraded their quality. Look how boring and lifeless my Route 66 burger looked: http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/ewjc4OdQ5_ENVV5dUtoN_g/l.jpg. The buns looked like they were kind of smashed and there was a ridiculous amount of cheese inside (http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/6EO2CMyCBaEiSAYIMjGHjg/l.jpg). The only thing I really liked about my burger were the fresh mushrooms inside. Majority of the fries that came with our meals were undercooked or soggy. Don just ended up eating the two ends of each of his fries (weird, I know). I don't think I'll be dining at this Johnny Rockets again and it makes me a little skeptical to try any of the other ones.
3	I needed a grilled cheese.  I was at work, having a rough day and couldn't think of a place near my new job.  Then I looked up the food establishments in the Meadows Mall.   The grilled cheese and fries were tasty, but this was the most I've paid for a grilled cheese in a long time.  I used to work downtown with a variety of options.  I paid as much of the grilled cheese and soda as I would have at a sit down restaurant.  Sitting at the food court is not as fancy.  But when I am in need again, I will probably return.
3	Johnny Rockets holds a special place in my heart with memories of mall trips with my friends in high school. This location wasn't as fantastic as those of my past. There's only bar-seating and everything is definitely rushed. They've done well with they space they have, but I truly miss being able to tuck into a booth, listen to our own jukebox and sip on a beautifully pulled milkshake. Upon our trip we ordered a Big Apple shake and a Dark Chocolate shake. We received one but not the other and had to fight for the attention of the staff to ask for our second shake, which was definitely not even on the radar of being made. Once we actually received the second shake, everything was delicious - but it's just not the experience we were hoping for :/
5	Great food.   Real old-fashioned burgers and malts!
4	Joined the club, got a coupon  (in my email, you must print it out) for a free burger. Came here when the little one turned 6 months old, after the photo shoot.I'm not a meat & potatoes girl (more like chicken, fish, turkey, and produce), but when I want a burger, only a few places come to mind immediately (red robin, islands, omelet house). This is one of them. Been to the paradise location many times, but this was a first at the meadows mall. The atmosphere is a little different, since it's on the edge of the Food Court, upper level. The three people working there (in 1950s uniform and hats) were really nice, attentive. The decor is 1950s  (just like the others) and the seating options are (1) on the stools/bar surrounding the semi-open kitchen (2) order for takeout (the line for this option, is on the right), sit elsewhere in the food court (tables & chairs- which means, more room). We didn't have to worry about the stroller being in the way because we were on one side of the restaurant. We all ordered burgers and then when we saw one person in our party's milkshake, we all ended up ordering one too! The burgers are really good, juicy, and not greasy (not messy on your hands, yuck). Here, the fries come with the burger (at the paradise one, the fries are ala carte), so my husband said that the prices even out. This is one of the newer locations, so the place is spotless. (The one at the Fashion Show Mall opened up before this one.) A dependable spot for burgers & shakes. It might be a little pricey compared to the other eateries in the mall, but I've been to a few of those places (meh, alright, so/so), and paying the extra $ is worth it.
3	We live close to the Meadows Mall and got a Groupon.  We had not been to a Johnny Rockets since we went to one in So. Cal. many many years ago.  We tried to keep it near the $12 Groupon which was very difficult as the prices aren't cheap.  Ended up splitting a single burger, fry and large drink and still went over a buck ad a half.  Burger was very good, not overlooked.  Fries were o.k., a tad limp.  Free refill on the drink was nice. Lot's of competition out there in this price range, or cheaper.  Probably won't go back unless we can snag another Groupon.
1	Ridiculously disgusting. So oily it was falling apart as soon as I got it. I could've gave the oil to chicken now in the mall next to this place to fry their chicken with. I don't get how people who live here think this is good when u can go to the strip and get steak for the same price. Way too expensive and disgusting quality. I didn't even eat half my burger.
4	Veggie burger and onion rings. Good choice!
4	I did a mistake when I wrote this review but I will update it next week
3	3.5 stars This location is in the Meadows Mall. I purchased a $6 for $12 groupon which ended up making me feel better because I wouldn't pay regular price...ever.The menu at this location is limited so don't expect the regular JR menu if you want to eat at this one. I ordered a rocket double without lettuce or tomato and fries. I really enjoyed my burger and fries. They were both made fresh to order. My total was $12.92 for just the burger and fries, no drink. That is too steep on the wallet if paying full price and not even getting a drink. With a coupon I would come back again.There is a counter if you want to eat at JR or you can sit in the food court.
3	I had the Smoke House, which is smoked bacon, onion rings, cheddar cheese, and BBQ-ranch sauce. Patties are 1/3 pound. I probably didn't need to have the double for lunch, but oh well. $10.95 for the single is a rip off, so I went with the double for $12.95, which was still pricey, but less of a rip off. Both come with fries. Even soda was pricey. $2.95 for a regular soda is ridiculous.Using a Groupon only makes eating here fair in price. Don't expect it to be a deal. In fairness, the food was good. It's on par with a burger you would get at a diner, even though this is a chain.
3	I didn't stop here because either of us were hungry, but mainly because I've never seen the place and I just wanted to give it a try. We ended up only ordering strawberry milkshake, but had the service been better, then we would have gotten a meal to split. Obviously I can't say anything on the quality of the food, but just based off the poor customer service that we received....I wouldn't recommend the place. I mean if you're in Vegas In-and-Out is more of the go to place anyhow. But boys please don't be so rude and dismissing to your paying customers.
3	I tried their Chicken Club with sweet potato fries and it wasn't bad at all, just can't say it was really good. The chicken was grilled, which I prefer rather than fried and the bacon was crispy. I got it on rye bread. Being able to have it made the way you  like it is nice, but the sandwich had 3 pieces of bread which I think is unnecessary. Why not just top the chicken with bacon and lettuce rather than squeezing a piece of bread in between? Sweet potato fries was super soggy by the time I got to work so I was a little disappointed, I'm pretty sure it would be amazing if I had it right away. Service was good, my food was made pretty fast and the lovely lady was very friendly and polite. The counter was very clean but it way of been because I was there around 11am on a weekday. It may be more packed and crazy over the weekend or in the afternoons, being that it's a mall.
3	When I walked up I noticed there was a long line by the cash register and noticed that that was for take out orders, so I took a seat at the counter where only 1 person was sitting. The employee operating the register saw me, but since he was busy taking those orders I sat for a few min before anyone else acknowledged me or handed me a menu. Once someone handed me a menu I ordered a root beer and chicken tenders and fries. A few min after that, they guy that was at the register came to check on me to see if I had been helped.My food came out a few min later, but it took another 5-10 min for me to get the sauce I had requested when placing my order. Service got a little better after that since I was being checked on every few min, but nothing to rave about. The tenders and fries were nice and crispy and pretty good. They offer unlimited refills on fries for most of their burger and chicken entrees from what I saw, however I was way too full. Some of the pricing here is kind of steep for a food court place but the chicken tenders and fries weren't too bad at $8.95.
5	Haven't had a bad meal yet! They are always hopping and you sometimes have to wait a bit for your food...but it is so worth it!!The food is a little high priced, but groupon has deals often.Their chili is fantastic, whether you use it for your fries or just get the chili bowl with onions and cheese. The chicken club sandwich is tender and all their burgers are more than filling.
4	Never a bad burger here. Service Melissa was great today. Used my Groupon $12 for $6, worth it. Ordered a vanilla shake...very thick and malty, yum yum. Bacon burger with added mushrooms and the happy fries all came together for a perfect lunch.
4	Got the smokehouse burger this trip. MELISSA was my server again and took my order in no time. It was the beginning of the lunch rush so service was great. The area is clean as always. I paid a little more than I liked to but the meal was tasty and service with a smile. They don't dance here like other stores, it's a mall location. 2 other workers came in at 12p and the place got livelier.My bad....they do dance....Johnny Be Good
1	Horrible customer service! Malissa the manager would rather have a 2min + conversation about counting her daily calories then acknowledge a customer or even properly cash out a guest.
5	Hubby ordered the smoke house and loved it. I wasn't hungry so I ordered the chili and it was yummy! We also ordered the half order of onion rings and fries and couldn't finish it. Adrian was quick and very friendly. Glad we stopped here.
2	For fast food-ish, Johnny Rocket's is pretty good. The service this particular location, is why they're lacking stars. I ordered chicken tenders from a woman who seemed to not like her job very much. She wasn't very pleasant at all. After ordering, I sat at the counter to wait for my meal. Several employees walked past me, without acknowledging me at all. When my food was delivered, I didn't receive napkins. The employees were again, zooming past me until one nice gentleman asked if I needed anything. He provided me with napkins, and I asked for the supervisor. Turns out the supervisor was the woman who took my order. She apologizes for the lack of service and I'm guessing warned her staff to acknowledge me. After my encounter with her, nearly every employee spoke to me. The chicken tender were good, hot and fresh. They are a bit pricey at $7, and you don't get fries. I probably wouldn't order them again, just because of the price and my experience. If you have the Groupon, it might be worth. Get it to go though.
3	I got to say I love their food specially the chili cheese fries and milkshakes BUT they have really poor customer service at this location. I learned the hard way.  They got my order wrong I asked for BBQ sauce instead of mayo  which they ended up putting mayo I  also paid  for extra Cheese and chilli on my fries  which they ended up putting barely cheese and NO chilli. Is it really hard to take someone's order? Not to mention that when you come up to them and say  hey you messed up my order they give you a dirty look like you are trying to get something out of the situation.
2	Went here last night since I had a groupon, ordered chicken strips, cheeseburger and fries and a shake.  It was ok, I don't think I would return just to go here.  The shake was pretty good, but you can get better burgers at a fast food place..ie..in and out, five guys, etc.
1	The cook here us the slowest cook i have ever seen in my life! The Kid was talking the whole time...
5	They had some great food and really great service! Adrian and Zuly were our servers and they went above and beyond to law sure we had the best of the best of Johnny Rockets! Thanks guys!
