2	Went here the other night, excited to see another sushi place in KW. On the whole, Watami is ok. The TexMex roll is interesting. Service and ambiance was quite good. We were a little disappointed with the overall quality of the fish, though. Especially the tuna. Better than places like Ye's or Sushi 99, but no where near as good as Tomu.
5	There's a second Watami Sushi just north of Toronto, in Markham. The family expanded here to try and attract Waterloo students. And I must say, thank god they chose here.Anyway, where do I start...everything is simply outstanding. The ambience, environment, FOOD!, service. Definitely try the Las Vegas Roll and Watami on King, the creativity is out of this world. Easily, and I mean EASILY the best sushi bar in Waterloo.PS: Waterloo students get 10% discount. Notify the waiter/resses beforehand though.
5	By far my favourite sushi place in KW. Ambiance and service is phenomenal and the sushi is not only well priced, but creative. The last time I went I had the Vegas role - a cream cheese based deep fried roll with 'mystery fish' (hence Vegas) and crab. It by far exceeded my expectations. PLUS I got wasabi in the shape of 2 dice! I've also had the winter roll there, which is a California roll with mango on top. It was also delicious. I've recommended the restaurant to a few people and all have had a great time, so I highly recommend it to you too. It's a nice change from the all-you-can-eat places around town.
5	Have been here at least 5 times since I wrote my last review - and I still love this place. You need to go - seriously.
4	For the past few years I have been getting my sushi/sashimi fix from all you can eat joints. Knowing the quality of those joints, I knew I was in for a huge treat by coming to a legitimate sushi bar. The atmosphere is very intimate and is great for date nights and small group get togethers. Onto the main course: - 24 piece sashimi- summer roll - scallop roll- wasabi ginger rollAll of the rolls were fantastic and the sushi chefs here are top notch!4 Stars, though I almost wish they hadn't been so successful...I will never look at AYCE the same way ever again =P
5	We went to try this restaurant when it was relatively new, about a month old. We ordered the lunch specials and the salmon sashimi that came with it was just amazing. It was a thick piece of fish that melted in our mouths. We were quite amused because it was the first time that we had such amazing sashimi. We went back about a month later, the sashimi pieces were smaller and thinner, but still top quality, melt-in-your-mouth goodness.Overall, you get seated quite quickly and the prices aren't too bad. We prefer going during lunch time to get the cheaper deals though just because we are poor students. I wouldn't recommend ordering the party trays though...unless you love all sushi. I ordered a party tray and a sashimi set last time and found myself not liking a lot of the fish. They give you a lot of the less popular fish that has an overwhelming fish-taste to it. But that is just personal preferences.
5	I consider Watami to be one of the best sushi experiences in the KW area. I've had the 24 pc assorted sashimi at least 5 times, and it has been amazingly fresh and flavorful every time. Other favorites include the house special Volcano Salad (be warned you will end up having VS cravings which will require you to come back to Watami). Wasabi ginger, scallop, and fire and ice rolls are wonderful too. Top quality ingredients, attentive services, and beautiful presentation will have you coming back again and again. Yes, it's more expensive than the all you can eat (AYCE) places, and that seems to turn people off, but you're still getting a VALUE based on top quality fish. You wouldn't go to an all you can eat steak restaurant, so why do people go to AYCE sushi?
3	I came here back when they had the $15 for $30 groupon. I got the 15pc assorted plate that came with miso soup and salad. The fish were fresh and the decorations were beautiful. The sushi were on the bland side.. the tastes didn't leave much impression on me. the atmosphere is good, service is good, price is higher than AYCE. I might come back again to see if i can understand all the hype about this place.
5	Well, it looks like I now have new "value leader" in K-W!Went to Watami  last night and I confess, I don't know how they make any money! Value here is so over-the-top, it's hard to believe. For the quality, freshness and exquisite presentation, the sushi here is not only world-class, but dirt cheap!What a meal! Get there before they have to close due to lack of profit!My only complaint was the couple beside us bitchin' and moaning about how long it was taking to get their order! Given the skill and artistry that goes into creating hand-made fresh sushi, I felt like telling them to shut the hell up! Sushi is not and IMHO, never be fast food, go to the AYCE joints and fill yer boots with food that's been lying around for a while or choose a different cuisine!Well done, Watami. I'm a new regular for as long as you're here!
4	Live in the US, but work in W-loo.  Have tried virtually every sushi restaurant in the area and Watami is the best by far.  AYUCE sushi is an oxymoron and don't patronize those establishments, so I can't compare to any of those.  Watami offers consistently fresh fish, attentive service, quiet atmosphere at a very good price.  You won't be disappointed, unless you're looking for quantity.
3	I been a couple of times, totally nothing like the one in markham. Food is better than most jap restaurants in waterloo, but the service is terrible, not flexible, and they want to add tons of little charges for things I didn't want. They had the bluefin tuna this week, and it was going to cost $3 extra, but I didn't want any, and I still had to pay for it.
5	Feb.14/13: another fabulous meal at Watami. Even better than last time. I was quite shocked when I walked in and they remember me from my last visit. Service was fantastic and sushi fresh. What more could one want?
5	Both the service and the food are great. And the materials are of really good quality! One of the best Japanese restaurants at Waterloo!
5	I've been here many times (a couple of date nights, a couple of failed attempts at using my $30 Groupon because of minor miscommunications between waitress and owner... but that was really my own fault for believing the waitress vs the coupon's fine print). Every time, it has been a pleasant experience for my taste buds!I've had a lot of their specialty rolls over my visits, and I've never really been disappointed with any of them. I'm fond of the Tex Mex roll, along with their Watami on King roll. So delicious! Their standard rolls, like the california roll, are amazing as well. California rolls tend to leave me disappointed, so whenever a sushi restaurant impresses me with a tasty california roll, I know that it's definitely a place to return to!
4	When I walked in, I was greeted and led to a window-side table by a cute Asian server right away. The atmosphere was quite nice, and the dark tones gave the place a surprisingly authentic feel. The miso and the gyoza I ordered as appetizers came right away. I found the gyoza a bit too crunchy, but this seemed like a different preparation style. Soon enough the food came. The presentation was beautiful, truly classy. However, the hand cone was very small, and so were the sushi rolls and sashimi. Furthermore, I can't say that the sashimi was fresh, and the rolls were mediocre at best. I didn't feel full, so I ordered a bit more sushi and another hand cone. This should tell you a bit about the value of this place. I can see it as a nice place to order the cheapest item on the menu and chat, but if you're looking for a filling, reasonably-priced meal (I paid $40 for one person!), steer clear of this place.
5	Love love love the sushi here! Their specialty rolls are fresh and nicely rolled. I had the Tex Mex roll and their spicy salmon salad was wonderful and generously portioned!
5	Hands down the best Japanese restaurant. Would recommend sashimi, Unagi Don, and specials.
4	I have tried this place twice. For the area, it is a notch above everywhere else and they change up the specials every month. The menu is pretty standard.I got the spicy tuna roll, pressed sushi and sashimi platter. The rice was dry so it was hard to eat and made the pressed sushi less enjoyable. I found it ridiculous that with what was ordered, they only gave me one soup and salad when it was a party of two. Although I did enjoy the vinaigrette of the salad.The sashimi was presented very nicely and everything was fresh. The only thing I was not fond of was the bodan shrimp; which was the current special.I also stopped by for a lunch takeout of tonkatsu and this time the sushi rice was not as dry. The lunch of very satisfying and the meat was not dry at all. Perfectly crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.Overall I enjoyed Watami and would go back again.
5	So glad this place is located in uptown Waterloo.  Food is excellent and is comparable to Dake in Kitchener.
4	They are closed on Mondays. The first time we tried to go, they were closed. :(Party of 2, weekend dinner. Service here is good.Ordered1) Baked Scallop Roll: Look at a picture, and it's not very appetizing. It looks like slop on top of a california roll (which I guess it is). There is not much scallop, there are overwhelming amounts of mushroom in it (I like mushrooms fortunately). This is by far my favourite roll (ever), the mixture of mayo, scallop, mushrooms, california roll and soy sauce was very very delicious. Too bad about the $12.95 price vs the lack of scallop though, but I would still recommend it despite this.2) Salmon Salad Roll: This is cheaper than the othe maki because there are four pieces (note there is no rice). Very large chunks of salmon and finely cut cucumber wrapping the roll on the outside. It is very delicately made and quite impressive. It is good, but I personally prefer the taste of the baked scallop roll more.3) Unagi-don was very dry, both the eel and the rice and was not enjoyable. I would not recommend this.4) Chicken udon soup: It was good. The chicken is tough, the soup tastes good and it also comes with a few chunks each of broccoli, mushrooms and a healthy amount of onions!
4	I have been to Watami twice and the most recent trip was a year ago. This review may be slightly outdated but if something still stands out in my mind after a year, it must have been something special, right?I like the decor, place setting and the atmosphere. It is very much a date-appropriate dining experience and lots of couples take advantage of that. First time we ordered various rolls to share and all of them were consistently good. The Tex-mex roll stood out for me because of its unique tang but I also quite liked one of their warm rolls (fire and ice, was it called?). There were a few more and all were very satisfying. Second time I also added a fried rice to my order out of curiosity... and then had to kick myself because why would you go to a sushi bar and order a fried rice? Not surprisingly, it was a stupid decision since the rice was way too salty and the rest were nothing special. Again, stick with the sushi it's your best bet, but I also heard good things about the noodle soups. Lastly, love the frozen grapes... so cute and very nice finishing touch. I kind of miss watami, may just visit again this year.
4	Came here for dinner, it was great! Had the 14 piece sashimi, hamachi sushi, tex mex and fire and ice roll. The sashimi was thick and really fresh, and the rolls were really good. Service was really helpful, and it was a nice atmosphere. Portions were good, but it definitely was pricey. Good quality though, a lot better than expected in Waterloo.
3	I heard that this was the best sushi place in Waterloo, but I wasn't really a fan. The rice had too strong of a vinegar/sugar taste for my liking, but I guess some people like their sushi that way. On the plus side the salmon tasted really fresh and they have a good seaweed salad!
5	My go-to place to satisfy my oft occurring sushi-cravings. Best sushi restaurant in the KW-region hands down.
1	I didn't even get to try their food because the server was so awful to us.Firstly, our table still had bits of food left on it. The two of us sat down and got our menus. After 15 minutes of tracking down someone, a girl that was not our original server finally cleaned our table and took our orders. She was nice, you could tell she was just a bit flustered because she was doing everything. The girl that sat us down, however, had made eye contact with us several times, smirked and just whispered to her co-worker. Otherwise, the only real work she did was slowly walk around in a circle. I was so confused. Looking back, I wish I had asked for the manager. Having worked in food service before, I honestly believe that good and honest customer service is key for the best experience. We waited for around 40 more minutes then hungrily realized our food was probably never going to come. We left a toonie for the one drink that made it to our table. We never even got water. The SO said that they hated students, because he came here with his father before and the service was decent then. I was so shocked and angry. I will never come back.The prices were a little up there, but we heard the quality of the fish was great so we decided to give it a try. At least the Sprite was good.
4	After living in Japan I'm always on the search for sashimi crafted with the same care and quality. Bryce brings not only passion to the plate but an element of surprise and delicious freshness (his fresh fish is flown in from Japan).
5	May 03/14:I do love this place! Avocado Salad, Red Dragon Roll and assorted makis.Thanx again, Watami.
4	One of the best quality Japanese food you will find in town.This place has great food. If you're used to eating AYCE sushi, you might be a bit disappointed because of the portions. However, the portions here are perfect for me and the price is fair considering the quality of their food.So far, I've had their tempura udon, sushi, several rolls, and the ramen special which they have on Sunday afternoons. I have yet to be disappointed! Every time I went, their service was friendly and overall pleasing. The atmosphere is also nice too - quiet and clean.
5	Best sushi I've ever had and the service was great too! Salmon sashimi is awesome. Been here many times. Was just here today but don't let me check in because I'm too far now.
4	This place hit the spot. We'd had a 13-hour day and just needed to sit and not be bothered. We walked in about 10 minutes before they were to close (sorry, guys) and they were kind enough to still take our orders. We ordered the 14-piece sashimi, a spicy tuna roll, edamame, and the homemade ginger ale.First of all, that ginger ale...damn. Best I've ever had. Real crushed ginger, somehow really pleasant crushed ice... I don't know what they did to it, but I want to go back for just that.The sashimi was great. I was expecting rice as well, but oh well. The spicy tuna roll was also really delicious.We inhaled our food and moseyed on out in about 35 minutes. The good: great food.The bad: took a while to get our bill, but they were in the throes of closing, so whatevs.
2	Heard that their ramen was amazing. It really isn't. If you have tried any of the instant Korean ramens, these traditional Japanese ramens will be huge disappointment. $15 for cheesy no taste watered down ramen? Really?I did like the atmosphere and the service though.
4	Although it is expensive, the sushi is different from your average sushi restaurant. Their a la  carte menu is great and you can try things here that you've never tried at other restaurants.The rolls are made delicately and tastes amazing. Be sure you try this place at least once
5	I always come here for special events if I'm in Waterloo. This is the best sushi place in the area, seriously. I love their rolls, but I also enjoy their a la carte and unagi don. The price isn't actually that bad if you compare them to other sushi restaurants (AYCE doesn't count). If you can't stomach AYCE anymore, go to Watami for some good sushi.The atmosphere is also clean and great. The service is pretty good too. I've come here for dates, special dates, birthday parties, post-convocation dinners, and more. Make sure you book in advance for bigger groups (of course!)Maybe I'll post some pictures of the food next time, but you're going to have to trust me on this one for now.
5	Watami is beautiful.I've been to sushi bars and ayce in the past, but this simply stands out as the best. The dragon rolls are meticulously crafted to perfection and the sashimi melts your heart. At first the prices will look daunting, but with some reasoning you will understand that it all adds to bliss. Let's do some math. For the same amount of money as you would spend at a sushi buffet, you can enjoy premium sushi that will fill your stomach and make your taste buds fall in love.Like a lot students, most if my sushi experiences were from the variety of all you can eat sushi places. If you asked me how they tasted or if I liked it, I would tell that I really enjoyed it. At these places we have the instinct to order as much mediocre sushi as possible.  Do you remember the time you almost tipped over? Don't you remember pushing sushi down your throat? You can't forget the time you ordered too much and had to hide it all in the teapot! In the end, AYCE sushi leaves you 5 pounds heavier and full of regret. On the other handWatami truely is a different experience, it really is something everyone should try. You will cherish every bite and remember every moment.
5	The most authentic Japanese food I ever had in Waterloo. Just like the taste of typical 2000 Yen dinners in Tokyo.
3	Solo'd Watami earlier this week on a Wednesday evening.It was a quiet evening in the restaurant - 3 other tables of patrons (2 couples, and another solo diner).SAKETheir Sake selection is pretty extensive (which.. now makes sense given they call out 'Sake Bar' in their name). They were out of cheaper cold sakes so I went with a $25 KIKUSUI PERFECT SNOW (unfiltered) sake. It was very rich in flavour and sweet -- I wasn't really expecting that level of sugar and/or alcohol. I struggled to finish the whole bottle long after my meal was done.FOODI was more hungry than usual this particular evening, so I really struggled with deciding what I wanted to eat. My eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach still. I landed on the BLACK COD ENTREE. I was expecting the meal to come out in a Bento-style box, but instead it came on a large plate with 3 very generous portions of COD, served with stir-fried vegetables in a not-overly-sweet teriyaki sauce with a (VERY SMALL) portion of rice.The cod was DELICIOUS and the vegetables were good too. My only complaint would be that I found the rice portion to be rather tiny. I think it is just something for me to keep in mind if I ever want to order another entree-type dish.OVERALLA good meal. I would like to come back again (on separate occasions) to try their sushi again - and I always like a hot bowl of udon noodle soup especially as summer winds down and it gets chillier.Check out Watami Sushi & Sake Bar and let me know your thoughts on the place!
5	I always go to this rest suen since they have the freshest raw fish in town! Bake scallop roll satisfied my craving everytime, they have very authentic Japanese recipe, love them!
3	I went to Watami on a Thursday night (October 30th) with my friend. We usually don't venture down to Uptown for Sushi for two reasons: we are broke university students and there is an AYCE sushi right across the street from our campus. Now, the reason why we ventured out to Watami was 1. The reviews seemed solid 2. I hated the service of the AYCE sushi (they get so many students they really don't care about service). We had salmon sashimi and dragon rolls (I believe, can't remember exactly about the rolls). The wait was 45 mins because they "couldn't serve us" and had to "set up our table" we gladly waited just because I needed to go pick up some stuff down the street. When we got back we got seated and had to wait an additional 30 minutes - the server was very passive about our presence (we didn't even get a glass of water). My friend and I did not get served until that initial 30 minutes was up. I wanted to get just a full plater of salmon sashimi and not mixed - we were told it would cost an extra 5 dollars because it was salmon from Norway (like I really care?), and honestly my friend would have fought it but I was already in a horrible mood from my day and the wait I just let it go...I just wanted my sushi. It took 45 minutes to get our 2 orders...2 orders I repeat. The restaurant was so consumed with serving the big table they forgot they had other patrons as well. The food was great but my experience was horrible. What was supposed to be an hour/hour and a half dinner turned into a 3 hour nightmare. Great sushi, but if that's how they treat students - I won't be going back.
