5	I confess my love for Potbelly, then a Jimmy John's opens up less than a mile from my house.  Its just too damn convenient!  I get it delivered in less than 30 minutes every time.  You can't beat that.Jimmy John's is convenient, easy and always ready to please.  (That's what she said)
2	Coming here a few times I quickly learned that this is one of the smaller JImmy John and you should most likely pick up your food and eat somewhere else. The employees were mediocre and so was the sandwich. Not being able to eat pork made ordering a sub pretty hard. Their is a very small selection of only turkey subs, which I hate about the place. I feel that if they included more turkey subs, they would be able to have more business. The place also was pretty packed when I arrived so my friends and I could sit and eat their unless we wanted to wait their for another 20 minutes. Anyways I enojoy the subs their I just wish they had a larger selection of turkey subs and more seating for the customers.
2	Just not the service I expect from JJ. Easily the slowest JJ even when I'm the only person in the place. I don't do delivery so I can't say how that is. The bread and ingredients are always fresh but there's always way too much lettuce (maybe to hide how little meat they give you). Not up to the standard I expect from jimmy johns as far as quality and speed.
2	I was so happy to see a Jimmy Johns close to my home! My first few times, no problem because I called in or stopped by as the store is less than two miles from me and I was in the area anyway. The problem lies in delivery. I've been in all day and didn't feel like leaving the house so I called to get sandwiches delivered. I was so annoyed by having to repeat my address FIVE TIMES to two different people I cancelled the whole process. It's not a complicated street name and these people had no problem understanding what I said when I was ordering. OH and how long ago did you take sprouts off your menu JJ's? I know it's been over a year so STOP PRINTING THAT YOU HAVE THEM! I apologize but I get a little cranky when I'm hungry, help is on the way thanks to the chinese delivery man who can write down an address! Bottom line for this place, stop in or pick up because their ears stop working when you try to give them an address.....
5	Looking at my check in history, I go to JJ a lot (once a week). Wow. I usually get a totally tuna on white. At 700 calories a piece, I'm surprised I'm not bigger. They make great chips, but I try to avoid them. Even though I know this meal is very calorie dense, I can't stay away. The employees are friendly and I can be in/out in under 10 minutes.
3	I'm really disappointed with my sandwich. I got a number 13 on wheat easy mayo easy lettuce. There was barely any lettuce which is fine whatever but there was still so much mayo it was disgusting. Im not sure if they switched the tomoatos theyre using but those werent too appitizing either. I love jimmy johns but today was just not a god day for them in my eyes :(
5	I cannot express how much I love this place! I was so happy they started opening them up in Arizona and now just opened up a location close to my work. Does life get any better?  I rarely leave my desk, either I bring my lunch or order out.  I can submit my order online and they are literally walking into my office 9 minutes later! I time them every time and its always 9 minutes!! Delivery guys are always super friendly as well.I am from Milwaukee, Wisconsin and we had JJ's on our college campus. This was our Sunday morning hangover cure every weekend!
2	Yeah, Jimmy really? Really? You ran out of the good bread at 1230. That is bush league.  Step your game up before places like Capriottis and potbelly take you over and you are lumped into the likes of subway and dare I say Blimpie! Oh then you have the nerve to not tell me to wait 5 min and there would be more instead of trying to whisk me through the line and get wheat. I can't believe you charge extra for that by the way. Place has gone down hill since sideburns left. I will go back and it better be fixed...or else i will probably have to find another jimmy johns somewhere else.
4	In love with the veggie sandwich on 9 grain wheat. The layer of provolone, lettuce tomatoes, (extra onions), cucumbers and avocado spread deliciously hits the spot time and time again. If there's less then 3 people ahead of me, I'm usually in and out within 5 mins max.
5	Love this location!! they are fast and the food is always good.They also take great care of there customers!!!
5	I've always been a fan of jimmy johns subs! They havre best fresh bread! And they have a veggie sandwhich! Which is a must since I don't eat meat! Their provolone cheese is fantastic. They always amaze me with their quickness to make your orders! The staff is always welcoming. I don't really have anything negative to say. 5 stars all the way!
4	I love Jimmy johns.   This location lacks parking.   I would visit more often yet parking is too difficult.
5	I love this Jimmy John's they are always nice and helpful. I do a lot of large catering orders for my company and they do a great job!!! I ordered from them yesterday and it took them a little longer then normal and they gave me a free tray of sandwiches as a sorry wow! And let me tell you that made everyone in my office very happy! great job!! keep up the good work!
4	Good God. I'm never going back.Ha! April's Fool's. (Except I'm working on a delayed schedule as today is April 3rd;) This is a great place! We ordered from Jimmy John's and I was delightfully pleased with the experience. Fast, fresh and my name came on my sammie! Alright, fine. Not such a big deal when you're only ordering two sandwiches. But I can see how this would be helpful if you were ordering for a bunch of folks. The online ordering system was very easy to understand.  https://online.jimmyjohns.com*The online site changes the sandwich image as you flip thru the menu. Yep, for people who lack imagination. Or, who are hungry with some bourbon in their stomach, this is *fantastic*.  Only ONE sandwich is required to place an order. That's right kids. You don't have to meet some arbitrary $ threshold. (No, you can't call and order a bag of chips.) The fee for our two sandwiches was slightly over $2. Other neat features Jimmy John's offers is scooping out the bread of the top part of your loaf. I also opted to have my sandwich sliced in half. Sweet! My packets of mustard arrived. I sniffled when mayo did not. (It's alright. I powered through it.)Jimmy John's Rocks!* Website: Isn't on this Yelp listing. Helpful Harriet just called Jimmy John on 44th to suggest they add this. I had no idea such a wonderful, delicious service was right here!
5	Excellent subs really fast.  There is a wide variety of light to large, simple to meaty and fulfilling.  One neat option for the health conscious is that they will make any sub in a lettuce wrap instead of bread.They are always crazy-fast, prices are reasonable.
2	NOT FAST AT ALL!! I ordered over phone waited 20 min later they called me and said they forgot my drink so had to turn back..so I'm like okay at least there getting my drink. 20 mins later the driver calls and ask about my address I give it to her again. 10 min later I get my food.The sub itself was tasteless and horrible like a sub has been sitting out for an hour.  Papa johns took 20 min and they aren't even advertising how fast they are.Only 2 stars because at least they got my drive.Haven't gone to jimmy johns since then.
1	I'm 1.8mi away and the and the crybabies would not deliver to bad I went to firehouse sub instead
1	Worst customer service. Waiting over an hour for my "freaky fast" food to be delivered. Days later, I realized my credit card was charged incorrectly. Instead of the management being customer service orientated and making it an easy situation to fix; they were the exact opposite. I will never be returning, nor would I recommend it to any friends or families in the neighborhood.
2	The food was good.  THE SERVICE HORRIBLE.  They need to teach their staff to be friendly and Smile. Don't try going there to get yourself and friends food alone.  They don't have drink carriers and when I asked for extra bags for my drinks the young man rolled his eyes at me.  I'll go to the other next time.
4	Update: The four stars is for the quality and consistent quality of the sandwiches.  I waited over an hour for two sandwiches last week.  I'd already paid online for them so I had two free meals on file, I'm guessing through my phone number so I decided to redeem today.  The free sandwiches were at my door in less than 15 minutes, which is a good thing.  At least I now know this location is capable of finding my address within a reasonable amount of time.  I have had 100% positive experiences with another Jimmy John's location downtown which is why I keep giving this location closer to home chances.  The sandwiches have always been fresh and tasty, the employees just need a little more training on GPS and customer service.
