3	My husband and I were in Madison for a wedding and stayed at the Best Western.  We picked it mainly for it's location.  I knew his days would be occupied by golf so I wanted to be close to State street (for shopping) and the Capital building (for the saturday farmer's market)  The hotel wasn't bad. It wasn't luxury, but it was fine.  The only negative experience we had was at the restaurant before we checked out.  It wasn't crowded and there were plenty of clean tables, yet we waited almost 5 minutes as the 3 people working either ignored us or told us they would be right with us. We were so annoyed we went somewhere else for breakfast.I would stay here again, but probably get an upgrade.  I noticed some of the rooms have balconies.  They also have a small computer room off the lobby that looks out to the Capital and they also have free valet parking.
4	I'm in town for a conference and wasn't expecting much of the Best Western.  But, I should have known better because the service from the get-go was top notch.  When I called (late at night about a week ago) to make a reservation, the person on the other end of the line was extremely nice (even for the daytime let alone late at night!).  When I arrived (again, late in the evening), everyone was super nice--from the valet to the reception to the bell boy, everyone!  When I got to my room (not great, very cavernous) and I tried to turn on my lights, none of them worked.  A service person (also very nice) came up to check things out (the lights worked sometimes) but they moved me without hesitation and even upgraded me to a suite--right on the park!  I can literally see the capital building right outside my window; it's great!Great location, wonderful service, free wifi.  I would definitely recommend this hotel and especially recommend getting a room looking out on to the park.Note: For those who like to use treadmills the ones they have here are old and super squeaky (i.e., for use in the wintertime--in warmer seasons, run outside-the lake is just behind the hotel!).  Just fyi.
4	You can't beat the location, and the staff were excellent. We had trouble with the hair dryer in our room, and a member of the housekeeping staff was there within 4 minutes of our calling the front desk. The issue was resolved quickly and pleasantly. Reservations at a local restaurant were also made by the front desk staff in a speedy manner. They also allowed me to tour a few different types of rooms for our next stay. Parts of the decor are a little dated, especially in the common areas. I will say, though, that this is the impression you get right when you enter the lobby because of the gold gates all along the side of the bar/restaurant in the lobby. It looks very 80's fabulous. However, there is a story behind the gold, and it's pretty cool - check it out when you are near the restaurant. The decor in the room was okay, and the bathroom had clearly been updated recently. The bathroom was tiny, but it was laid out very intelligently, so it wasn't problematic. We had a standard room with 2 queen beds and a refrigerator, which was fine for our family of 3. The TV was not fancy, but why are you watching television here? Go out and do something fun! I toured an oversized double queen room, and there wasn't much of a difference - the room was a little wider, and the sleeping area was a little longer, but it didn't add much usable space. It did have a desk, but it was crammed in there. If you needed to use a port-a-crib, the extra bit of room in this upgrade might be worth it, but otherwise - not so much. Valet parking is free, which is lovely. The bar didn't have a very wide selection, but the bartender provided generous pours and service that was attentive without being obnoxious. The pool is small, but we never found it to be crowded. The "game room" leaves a bit to be desired, but again - why are you playing video games? Go out!
3	First of all the location is great.  It sits facing the capitol one block from state street and within walking distance of many other shops and restaurants.  The room was furnished nicely and was spacious.  The bathroom had a jetted tub and a shower with a nice head on it.  I only have two complaints.  First, the pillows were too small.  I think they are going for a look using square decorative sized pillows.  They are the size of small decorative couch pillows, which are very uncomfortable to sleep on.  To top it off they only have standard sized pillow cases, so they fold the excess fabric into the case in such a way that there are creases you can feel as you lay on them.  I probably could have called down to the front desk and gotten some standard ones, but I didn't.  My only other complaint is that the bathroom fan was not functional, and since there was no other means of ventilation in there the mirror fogged for a long time and it made it more difficult to get ready.  Otherwise the service was great, the pool area and workout facility was really cool, and the location was unbeatable.  I would stay here again.
4	I've used this hotel for years through work and have always had a positive experience.  Free WiFi, great front desk staff, big rooms and easy access to the great city of Madison.   I tend to be very hard on hotels but this one always leaves me satisfied.
4	Location, location, location! We loved finding a hotel within walking distance of everything that was planned for the trip. It was great not having to worry about parking. We had a small, oddly shaped room, but it served its purpose and the price was great. Gotta say I was bummed that there was no free breakfast. The continental offered at their restaurant (danish or pastry, juice, fruit) was eight bucks. Needless to say, we didn't try it. Overall, a great place to stay.
4	This was a great hotel. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that it didn't have free breakfast.Good service, polite staff, a free airport shuttle and free WiFi. Also, a really ideal location right on the square. The rooms were nice and worth the cost.
3	My significant other treated me to a weekend in a hotel after I took the LSAT. I adore him because he took me to this particular hotel.It wasn't his first choice, but it was subsequently Homecoming weekend and everything else was filled up. Regardless, it wasn't like we were disappointed and distressed over having to come here.The rooms were clean, spacious, free WiFi, and had a decent TV with a view. There was nothing to complain about on that front! Even later when we went down to the hotel bar, we both had found something good--a whiskey for him, and some dessert for me. (It was a chocolate brownie. It was amazing.)Subsequently, that was also where two of my three complaints came about:1. The bartender was a little tipsy and I'd ordered an amaretto sour and 2. the entire thing was practically amaretto. And not good amaretto either. The cheap stuff, so it was basically like drinking almond cough syrup--but without the fun, NyQuil effects. Ugh, you're killing me here, Best Western.Don't act like you've never had a bad amaretto sour before--you know exactly what I'm talking about.The third complaint was in the morning. It was partially our fault for not leaving a sign on the door, but as we were sleeping, a housekeeper came in at about 7:45am and we hadn't checked out yet (obviously.) We were both a little irritated by that, given that we were both also not entirely appropriately dressed enough to handle strangers in our room at that time of the morning.That said, the place isn't bad. I'd probably come back again, but those little kinks are worth mentioning if alcohol and being found randomly by a housekeeper at 7:45am might be deal breakers for you. Or you could just be smart and put the "Do Not Disturb" sign up.
4	The food served here is, in my experience, always satisfying. I enjoy eating breakfast here on the weekends. *Would recommend this place to anyone who wants a  breakfast setting that is typically quieter with less waitstaff contact. Good service. Also, at the bar they serve Great drinks.
4	This hotel is in the perfect location for tourists, great views of the capital. The room was clean and a good size. The tv had alot of channels and the beds were comfy. There was also free wifi in the rooms. The pool was small and I was not a fan of the microwave being on the pool terrace. There was a party going on there and I felt very awkward trying to heat up my leftovers while they all watched me. I think they felt I was crashing their party but i had no choice, it was the only microwave to use. I also did not like the house keeping woman ignoring the 'do not disturb' sign on the door to tell us to check out when we weren't scheduled to check out until the next day. She came back once again to see when i was checking out when I was showering, kind of annoying.Valet parking was nice, but there were times when i wanted to get something out of my car and did not want to make the guy get it just to get something. Also it sucked having to tip all the time because i used my car multiple times. Overall i enjoyed my stay.
2	There was definite kitsch appreciation in the gold 70sish lobby decor, but overall this was a disappointing stay.  The daytime staff were very friendly but late night were not.  Shower was lukewarm and squealed like an 8 year old practicing the recorder.  Bathroom ceiling fan sounded like a freight train.Be sure to ask for a view before booking a room - my room faced an industrial roof.As many have mentioned - the location is ideal.
2	Location is about all this place has going for it.  We stayed here cause the hotel was close to our booth at the art fair.Everything about this place was loud.  Doors slammed, elevators banged and the AC banged so loud it woke me up almost everytime it came on.  Even the toliet was deafing, plus it flushed with the force of 1000 Niagra Falls, which sprayed droplets of water all around.  Yuck!The place really needs a fresh change in the interior. It looked and felt old.  The bar was a dark cave and not busy during the entire stay.It is located near some great restaurants and shops so the location is the thing.  We will stay again, due to the art fair, but I would not recommend it.
4	Hotels in Madison are not cheap and there aren't any that are "great." But the BW is very good value for the money. It's right across the street from the Capitol and walking distance to many great restaurants. State St is just a couple of blocks away if you want a more "college" atmosphere. The rooms are clean and functional and the parking is free. The staff is attentive to issues (there were 2 but both were caused by inconsiderate guests...not the hotel) and helpful. The bar and restaurant aren't that great but there are SO many other options within a couple block radius. I would stay here again.
4	So this place is in a great location.  For that, you must deal with the traffic and the people - including the ginormous buses on Saturdays that wedding parties apparently use.  I am not entirely fond of the valet parking because I hate not having my keys with me but given the level of activity in the area, it worked out ok plus it was free.  Check-in was quick and easy and the front desk friendly.  Our room was on the 3rd floor and opened up to the pool, which was nice - we did not hear any people when there were folks in the pool, which I thought would be a problem. The room was clean but quite enormous and the TV was way too small the size - we didn't spend much time in there so it wasn't an issue.  The beds were a bit soft, with these weird sort of half pillows but once I got situated, I think I got a good night's sleep.  We never heard any activity in the hall and it was generally really quiet even with what we know to have been a lot of people in the hotel this past weekend.  The pool was decent - the area is comfortable and they do have towels that you can use so you don't have to bring them from your room.  If you have little kids, keep in mind that the pool goes from 4 to 6 feet - nothing shallower than that - and there is no lifeguard on duty.  It was a bit pricey and maybe some of the interior is quite dated but it has a lot going for it - clean, good location, free pzrking for guests and well worth the stay!
2	The good: Ask for a view. The suite was spacious and had good amenities. Valet parking is free.The bad: SERVICE. The front desk staff might as well not be there. A computer that spits out your keys would be more helpful than the two college guys who were there when we checked in. I was going to meet my friend (staying with me) there in the lobby and she didn't have a cell phone (international). She arrived first and gave them my name before sitting in the bar. I then checked in and gave them her name before waiting in the lobby for 25 minutes. After an hour of frantically calling other friends in the area to try to find her, I checked the lobby one last time. Luckily she had moved to the lobby after an hour of waiting in the bar. Yes, we all failed on this one, however at any other crappy hotel, the front desk staff would have written a note when she came in and given it to me with my keys. We told the front desk staff what happened after the fact and got blank stares. This place was not that busy and no one else was waiting in the lobby. Wow. Facebook was way more important to these guys than lifting a finger.
4	My wife and I stayed here as part of a wedding block. The wedding reception was held at the hotel and many of the guests were staying here, so admittedly, we might have had a non-standard experience. That said, we really enjoyed ourselves at this venue. The service was good. When we had trouble with the thermostat, someone came right up and resolve the issue. When we arrived, the valet took good care of our car and was very helpful. The front desk staff, who were dealing with a number of people checking in at once, were efficient without sacrificing service or politeness.We were able to partake of the catering at the hotel, and we were really impressed with the food. The food, the servers, the bartenders, they were all well worth it. We also ate dinner in the restaurant/bar on the first floor one night and had a wonderful meal. I had a salmon sandwich that was both creative and flavorful.The location of this venue is a big benefit. We were able to walk everywhere we needed to go during our weekend visit and never had to pull our car out. With so many restaurants surrounding the capitol, we had no trouble finding a variety of food. There was even a Walgreens down the block if you needed toiletries or snacks.
4	After reading the reviews on Yelp!, I was worried about staying here.  Especially after I looked through the photos!  Yikes!  The good news, though, is that it was so, so much better than expected.  Its location on the park is awesome-it's so close to the convention center and the lakes in either direction are accessible and lovely.  The rooms were clean, and much more updated than in those pictures.  And they have refrigerators!  Not mini bars that are prestocked with things, but actual fridges where you can stow your leftovers from dinner or your six pack of Spotted Cow.  Our room was a little weird, in that it had a sliding glass door that opened into the pool area.  Mainly, we were creeped out by this and kept the curtain securely drawn, but I imagine if you wanted to use the pool or work-out facility, then this would be convenient instead of creepy.  No problems with the thermostat, desk persons, cleaning staff, or excessive noise.
5	Sandy at Inn on the Park is AMAZING! Sandy is a woman who really knows how to take care of business - she doesn't sugarcoat anything and she really whipped our wedding into shape. I loved that she helped guide us through every detail, setting up a timeline and coordinating everything the day of the wedding so that we didn't have to worry about a thing. She took my husband and I from a chaotic mess of ideas floating around and somehow helped us create a wedding reception that exceeded our expectations. I loved that the staff at the Inn on the Park was flexible with our Friday night wedding, letting us come in the night before to decorate. The reception itself was beautiful and the food was great! We had a band instead of a DJ and the venue was very flexible with it, letting the band set up early in the day. We also had a photobooth and that was no problem at all. We got married in the Capitol and I love that the Inn on the Park was so close to our ceremony location - no worries about transportation or our guests unable to find the location or our guests driving anywhere after the reception. And I have nothing but compliments about the hotel as well. Our room was gorgeous and we loved waking up in the morning on the Capitol square - and the farmer's market! I would recommend the Inn on the Park to anyone planning a wedding. I loved that the package we picked out had everything included and it was a very reasonable price compared to a lot of other places we looked at in Madison. The Inn on the Park (and Sandy!!!) made our reception planning so easy and stress-free. They even received the stamp of approval from my parents, who were very impressed! Thanks again!
2	You cannot beat this location for downtown Madison. Walking distance to many fantastic restaurants, coffee shops, shopping etc. Love the valet parking. However, it is in major need of renovations. Stay for the location but not much else.
5	For the price we payed this was well worth it. Great location right next to the capital building and within walking distance of state street. The room was very large and clean, it fit four people perfectly. After a long night partying on state street it felt good to jump in the pool in the morning. Valet parking is required but its free. Loved the free Wi-Fi in the room!
1	Derek and I stayed here the very first night we moved to Madison before moving into our apartment. We were so happy in general that we barely noticed the hotel, but had a pleasant experience and nothing to complain about. Because of that, when friends or family have visited over the past two years, I've always suggested this place.My mom booked a room for my graduation weekend (yay me!) weeks beforehand. Then, because of a medical problem, she had to cancel about a week/week and a half beforehand. They had a 2-week cancellation notice which is ridiiiiiiiiiculous!  They said that she would still have to pay for two nights. I got stuck with a room I didn't want that they could have given to some poor sucker who booked late, but nope, I guess they'd rather just make loyal customers into ex-customers.The room was small. My friend and I both woke up with weird skin rashes from the bedding, or maybe from fleas? The affected spot on my arm finally went away after a week. The AC/heat was loud and blew in our faces. The night staff were so unfriendly. I did eventually get to talk to a manager, and he took my complaint down but just looked at me with a dazed face. It felt good to be able to say to someone, "I think you were unkind to my mother. I used to recommend you, but I won't anymore."Maybe I should've thrown in that I'll write a bad Yelp review too?
4	We loved this place. Right in the heart of downtown and beautiful view of the lake. Clean rooms, comfy beds, prompt and delicious room service. Great pool room and fitness center. No complaints and we can't wait to return!
1	Great location horrible front desk told us our room would ready it was not, rooms are dated. Cheap rates but rather they hire better staff that know what they are doing and pay more. Stayed else where on our second days as the staff again was rude, told us the room would be ready and was not, and the manager couldn't care less. Much better hotels in the area to be staying here.
3	A very pricey hotel for very average facilities.However, Best Western Plus Inn On The Park is located literally right on the Capitol square. So, you essentially pay for the location.Good things to note are:* Free valet parking for 1 car* You can check your luggage in early* Spacious rooms* A bar and restaurant are available (I'd recommend eating elsewhere)* An indoor swimming pool is available (decently sized)* A fitness facility is available (don't expect much)* A mini arcade center is available (only 2 or 3 machines)
1	I had a problem with booking and ended up paying for 2 nights and only stayed there one night. They were not helpful and unaccommodating. When I tried to talk to them about booking problem, they were condescending and unhelpful. Room they gave us was next to air conditioning unit. Workmen were walking by our window in the morning.
3	Location was good, right in the heart of the square but my room was as big as a closet!  I could barely close the door after putting the luggage cart in there.  It would have been fine if it were an overnight stay but I was the for a week.  It was a room right next to the elevator, a queen.  The hotel it self was clean and nice.  Bed was very comfortable  they also gave me a hard time about a late (noon) checkout, which I got after some complaining.  I also wasn't a fan of them holding my car via valet.  I like to come and go as I please but having to get my car from the valet every time was annoying.  Also had a fantastic view... of a roof.  One last thing, the toilets are LOUD.  If you're alight sleeper someone in another room could wake you during a late night potty visit.
5	I really liked staying here! All the rooms were clean and really nice! The location is perfect! Everything was walking distance! I highly recommend this place!
5	Long a favorite of visiting political, business, entertainment and comfort-seeking luminaries, the Inn also provides fantastic views of Madison's historic Capital building, on one side, and beautiful Lake Monona, on the other. A friendly and attentive staff provided quality service throughout my stay, and a dip in the pool" released the hounds" after a day chock full  of meetings. The room service meals that were ordered (along with Gin Martinis) were a cut above regular hotel fare, and well-prepared. The hotel's location, just a couple of blocks away from legendary State Street, allowed ample opportunities for walking tours of the surrounding area - including the stunning main campus of the University of Wisconsin-Madison. From the animated activity of people clustered in the  lobby, I was easy to discern that the hotel was a favorite of major airline pilots, stewardesses and other support personnel.
2	I'm updating my previous review after staying at the hotel this past weekend for the 2nd time. After this 2nd stay I have a different opinion on this hotel. Here are the Pros: The hotel has a great location, a pool, mini fridge in room,free wifi, free public printer/computer and free parking. The room service breakfast was nothing to write home about, but it was brought up fast and the girl who delivered it was polite. The hotel overall is very clean which is a big plus!And now here are my Cons:-The hotel and the rooms are outdated for my taste, I guess their going for a colonial look to match the capitol, but some of the furniture has seen better days. -Had to take two separate elevators to any room above 7th floor-The front desk staff on a Saturday night could not be bothered to give me a number for a cab company, he told me to just stand outside in the cold. If the square wasn't blocked off for a marathon maybe I would have found one, ended up getting an Uber instead.-And now to my real beef of the weekend and why I most likely will bring my business elsewhere: The same front desk clerk was unenthusiastic when I asked him to look up the parking ticket I had accidentally left in the room. Eventually after a few eye rolls he looked into it. I thought this was nonsense because they mention to you as you check in that if you forget your ticket they can look it up for you! The night bellhop was equally unhelpful. I fully understand that a lost ticket is probably annoying, but I was literally the only guest around so these guys were not busy at all, they were just being straight rude and lazy. I tried to explain my key chains to the bellhop who seriously couldn't even be bothered to look. He told me to look for it, so I went into his station and looked at a huge wall of keys with no help from him. I was being extremely polite and tried to make small talk multiple times and he showed zero interest. Then because it is valet I had to be walked up to my car by the same rude guy just to get my coat.  Overall the whole experience with the night-staff made me feel like my $175 that I paid for a night wasn't worth jack to them.
