5	Being on a higher floor of it's building and having huge windows, this place has a wonderful view of uptown.  This is a traditional Italian place, but they have some variety in the menu as well.  I had the baked ziti which has always been a favorite of mine, and they did not disappoint.  It had some really nice sausage in it and the pasta was perfect.I liked that it had the atmosphere of a fancy restaurant, but still was pretty casual.  The price was right as well, not as expensive as similar places.  The waiter was really good too.  He was really sweet and took very good care of my friends and I.
5	This is the third Italian place we've tried in the Uptown area and after being big fans of Prestos, this is our new favorite. Everything about it was great. From the location and view of the streets of Uptown to the fancy but casual (as previously stated) feel of the restaurant. I had the Vegetable Baked Ziti and it was delicious. My girlfriend chose the chicken marsala which was even better than the ziti. The prices were pretty reasonable as well. We will be returning. Didn't have a chance to check out the bar prices or drinks themselves, but it seemed like it would be a nice place to have a drink and enjoy some Sinatra.On second visit, the shrimp toscana was awesome as well. Delicious shrimp with a little spice to the sauce.On third visit, vegetable ziti and chicken marsala were still great.
5	I went to eat at Verona this past Saturday night, and it was fantastic!! My whole experience was great from making the reservation to paying what I thought was inexpensive bill. The restaraunt is up one level right in Uptown so you have an amazing view.  Now for the best part....THE FOOD!! I had the lobster ravioli and I think it was the best I ever had.  The prices were so reasonable for what you get. I felt like I was at a fancy restaurant but not paying for it. I will go there again.
4	I had their variation of the standard caprese salad using grape (?) tomatoes instead of beefsteak and small half rounds of mozzarela.  Different but it worked well.  The entree was seafood risotto.  The sauce was excellent: the most flavor I encountered during my visit to Charlotte.  Not all of the mussels were great but I can overlook that.  A very good dining experience.
4	The food was great! It is very reasonably priced. The service wasn't great. We just had a party of 5 and she added gratuity to the check. Weird. Very good food, larger portions, and nice atmosphere. Good for a date night.
4	My favorite lunch place in town. Traditional Italian American menu. Reasonable cost and great service
4	Sad to say they closed the first part of 2010.
