4	I went there for some emergency service for my car.     (I believe I ran over a metal soccer ball on I-79 during rush hour in the middle lane - I did get high score for the day ;-) )Well they were the bearer of bad news for my car (just a lot of work) but I liked that they took pictures of everything that needed done then allowed me to go up and visually look at the issues while the car is on the lift.My car will be there for a while getting some TLC - but who can beat their $2 per day rental...   (There is no typo - $2 per day) for a rental Mercedes...  (which is great while I eat macaroni and cheese for the next few weeks ;-) )I will update my review once I get my car back - but I am not expecting anything less than the best since Rahal is the owner (Indy Racing)...
1	AVOID!Awful sales experience.  Avoid at all costs.  The salesman was condescending, insisted on riding in the back for my test drive and insisted on a particular route.  Then, they hound you for weeks if you don't buy on the spot.  Literally - phone calls and repeat letters come where they beg for your business.  In the high end automotive market I expect respect and courtesy and to be able minded enough to make a decision myself without pressure or salesy coaxing.  Note that we went to another Rahal dealer to look at a Corvette and the experience was the exact same.
5	Greg is an excellent sales guy! Very attentive and informative.
5	Both my husband and I have been in the market for cars for a while and we've been to a lot of bad dealerships so it was a breath of fresh air to come to this dealership.I saw a car online and called the dealership and was connected to a salesman, Kirk, pretty much immediately.  The car I was looking at, a used ML350, had just been posted online and they even included that they recently acquired it that it needed to checked for quality.  I still wanted to see it and Kirk said he'd still be able to show it to me.They run a pretty tight ship. The woman at the desk greeted me as soon as I approached the desk and when I said I wanted to see Kirk, she knew he was with a client (Kirk had already told me that he was going to be seeing a client around that time, so I expected it and was not upset) and offered me and my husband refreshments while we waited.  When Kirk was done with his clients, he was already prepared for me and husband and had the keys ready and pulled the car from the lot for us to test-drive.  Kirk was very helpful, patient, and didn't talk down to me or intimidate me.  I honestly believe he's a nice guy in general, and not just "working nice."  I loved the car so we went into his office to talk about buying it.  Kirk didn't pressure me to finance or add anything extra that I didn't want to, and was patient in answering any questions I had.  He had his manager write us a proposal (which was quick) and he even gave me and my husband a few moments of privacy to talk over the car.  Cargurus.com says I am getting a great deal.  We ended up putting a deposit on the car and Kirk let me know that he would immediately get the ball rolling on getting the car checked, detailed, and ready to be purchased.  Kirk called me the morning to update me.  Update:I picked up the car on Saturday.  Kirk went above and beyond and patiently walked me though all the parts of the car and all the cool things it could do.  Kirk's definitely knowledgable.   Overall, I would recommend Kirk and this dealership!
5	I have bought two cars from this dealership and have been IMPRESSED with everything about the purchases - the detailed advice and information in makingchoices - AND the service is fantastically good!! As much as I like the carsthemselves I would not consider any other agency or car because of theservice. All individuals I have had contact with over the 10-12 years have beencourteous, helpful, and enjoyable!!  A+++  Ben Fish was the sales agent inmy recent purchase and was superior - helpful, patient, and made the processof decision making easy! He's a gem.
