5	This place is great. James provides GREAT Customer Service and Alterations. The few customers can stopped by  he knew exactly what item they were picking up. James is very personable. You can't find these type of Customer Service nowadays. My Husband dropped his Tuxedo and it looked great after a week and it was completed. The pricing is very reasonable. I was expecting it to be double to what the price was. We will definitely continue our business here.
4	Saved the day! I needed an engagement party dress altered with just two days to spare and James made it happen! They were extremely friendly and reasonably priced. Docked a star for the messy and unorganized office.
1	I just called to ask for an estimate of price and had the poorest customer service in my life. Even if you don't know exactly what needs to be done you can explain the differences in cost over the phone. James was extremely rude and kept cutting me off before I could finish a sentence!!!!I have never in my life been treated that way by an establishment over the phone. At no point did I raise my voice or ask anything inappropriate. James himself got flustered and hung up the phone. A man like that who claims to give excellent customer service should not be in business. I come from the service industry and definitely know what it means to respect your customers. I would never ever in my entire life talk to someone like that. By the way, called many other alterations shops and they were all happy and willing to give me an idea of the cost. Please do not go here. Ever. It may be more affordable but you get what you pay for.
4	This shop is rather old school, but a great place for "men" to find suits and other related business ware.While James does provide basic tailoring, I think the real value of this establishment is to get high quality suits at a reasonable price. Keep in mind, it's not Jos A. Bank. As a small shop, James can't compete with the low prices and full inventory that major establishments provide. Instead, look to James for much better quality merchandise and truly expert advice on business suits and jackets.
1	Called and asked about Saturday hours and he said come in any time between whatever and 2:30. So I drove 10 minutes down there and walked in at 1:30. The old fart walks out with his euro accent and takes one look at me holding 5 pants that need to be altered and says he can't help me today. He turns around and walks back to the back of the store and continues his business. I'm standing there and it's so wrong what he did that it was actually comical. So I proceed to talk to him in a loud voice because he doesn't even give me 1 min to ask a few follow up questions and I'm yelling to him in the back of his store. He tells me try back next weekend. I ask him what he charges, he tells me he would have to see it. I'm standing there with everything. The bottom line is, is he really doesn't care. The whole thing was just really funny to me. I thought he would be happy to see a bunch of suite pants to alter but he actually ran away as fast as he could. I felt a little bad because it looks like it is just him and he was under some pressure to finish something up but at the end of the day he could care less if I came back. Typical Euro vs American. I guess I will go to Scottsdale to get these done.
