3	Eh, it's Home Depot. As Home Depots go, this is neither the best nor worst to have ever existed. If you do end up going, they'll probably have what you need at the price of having to search for quite a while  (no one is ever really helpful at Home Depot, are they?) amidst more people than you'd probably like to deal with. Such is life.This location is particularly notable for having way, way more of those guys who try to come home with you every time you go to Home Depot than any other Home Depot I've ever been to. That's a minus one.Two stars.
3	This is one of the 1st Home Depot stores I went to when I first moved to Vegas in '93.  For a few years, it was the only HD on the Westside of town.  Haven't been here in a long time because several other Home Depot stores popped up that were more conveniently located.I was in the neighborhood the other day and popped in here to buy a few things for the yard.  I was able to find a parking space, which was very difficult during it's hey day.  I was in/out within a few minutes.....however, the employees here weren't very helpful.  I tried to flag down a couple to help me find something, but they ignored me and walked past my aisle.  I found what I was looking for on my own.Overall, it was an average experience.Will I return?  Not unless I'm in the area.
3	This home depot happens to be the closest one to my new home. We have been here probly about 15 times since I moved easter wknd for paint and miscellaneous things for getting settled. I have often wondered what exactly would be useful to put in a review of such a large retailer. When you think about it, you get Home Depot or Lowe's and most of the time I chose one over the other because of price. I'm finding that Home Depot is more reasonable on most things and on the things they aren't, you have to start factoring in how much in gas it took me to get to the other options. Did I save anything at that point?So far the place has been good to us. The paint department I would have to say has been the most helpful and courteous. The guy in Ceiling fans was pretty nice as well. The girls up front didn't know where something was when we asked, so I assume its best just to try and find someone closer to the actual department to ask initially.Ask for the Military Discount as they don't ask you if you are in the military to give it to you.
4	You know how sometimes you think you can fix a problem real quick because you're under the false impression that you're a McGyver? So, really, all you need is a piece of tape and a paperclip and you'll fix your fridge? But then you realize you need a ton of stuff so you have to go to Home Depot? Then you get home and realize you need different/more parts, so you go again... and again and again? No? Is that just me? Oh. I bought an older house not too long ago and have spent a ton of time and money playing with it, working on this' and that's' throughout. I go to this HD quite frequently so I know it pretty good. I think the store is laid out well, the people who work there are pretty knowledgeable, and the prices are fair (though sometimes it seems the HD in Summerlin is less expensive...) The few times I've gone where I just had a problem I couldn't fix on my own, I've asked the guys there for feedback. Every single time, their advice has made a huge difference. In terms of what means, it means my fridge no longer leaks a bit of water in the back, my kitchen/bathroom fixtures are newer, my old toilet works like new, and generally my house is cooler. Also, they have a Garden section but I do not have a green thumb so it's unfair of me to say anything positive or negative about that. It's really a cool place that has made a difference in terms of the work I've been able to do in my home. Plus, there's a Roberto's in that shopping center so you could get some tacos on the way in.
2	For some reason, everytime I go to this Home Depot (which unfortunately it is the closest one to me) I have horrible luck with the service and products. There is always 1 person to greet me at the door to send me in the right direction but after I walk away from the entrance door, i'm left on my own. I can never find anyone to help and when I finally do, they have no idea what I need because I had to travel across the store to find them in the first place and what I need is not their area of expertise. Almost every time I go there, when I am looking for something specific, they never have enough or I can't find the product. I like Home Depot the company, but this location is awful.
4	We've been meaning to come to a Home Depot store since we'd been to a couple Lowe's stores in the past couple weeks. We wanted to compare prices with some things that we need for our bathroom remodel- a toilet, a medicine cabinet, a bathroom mirror, and bathroom flooring. We got an early start saturday morning- we had some more stores to check out. It's basically like Lowe's- a large warehouse type feel with cement floors, and lots of home renovation possibilities. (Except I think that the day workers are outside at the curb of Home Depot- sorry, being completely honest here.) There were fewer choices in the medicine cabinet and bathroom mirror department, but we found a couple items that might suit our needs. The problem with an older home (built in 1954- ancient by Las Vegas standards) is that not everything is available (styles and dimensions change). So, we have to compromise. There were nice backsplash options (mosaic tile- which I love) in the tile/flooring section, but I wanted to keep the scheme more neutral (thinking of what might appeal to a home buyer should we sell down the line)- we're going to entertain that option. The white toilets were slightly cheaper at $88 (ours is pink and we really want to ditch it). We didn't find the flooring for the main bathroom, but we did see a nice option for our second bathroom (just painting, changing the theme, and might do the flooring). Samples are available for taking. All in all, it's nice to see that we have other options besides what Lowe's has to offer. We were about to leave when a rep came up to us, but we knew his question/presentation (we got hit up last year with this "promotion"- a renovation project for the kitchen cabinetry which resulted in a quote of almost 10 K), and we told him we were quite familiar with this promotion- he was meek, quiet, and apologetic when we told him our results and went off in the other direction. Sorry, we know the drill.
2	Overall I like HD shopping. I hadn't been to this locations for a dozen years or so. Have to say, I was disappointed compared to the store @decatur/trop. The light bulb section, where I was looking for a halogen replacement lamp, was a complete disaster. The shelves were a big mess and I gave up trying to find the right lamp. Beside that, the store is confusing in layout and it felt illogical. The one employee I was in contact with was helpful but not very happy. He showed me to what I was looking then strolled off like he had better things to do. This is the store closest to me now and I will go back because I don't want to drive all over town. Hope they wake up and make improvements soon. Or maybe I'll switch to Lowes.
5	Over the past month i have been shopping to buy a jig saw. I found onr at Home depot I liked it was by the brand Rigid. the saw cost 100 $$. When i got home to use the saw i went to put the blade in and a cotter pin poped of the blade housing. I took the saw back to the store and exchanged it for the floor model b/c they did not have any more new ones with no recepet and no hassel. so I get home and try to use this saw and the darn thing wont turn on. I take this one and they give me a store credit and tell em that a nother store has the saw i am looking for so i go to the store to get the saw. They let me take it out of he box and turn iti on to make shure it works. I still have the saw. but the level of service was great even thought the tool was not and the no hassel returns are great.
1	I shopped at this home depot for two years after moving in to my home near them.  The staff in every department is less than helpful.  It is very dificult to get any of them to help you.  The employees are rude, and if you can get them to help you, their technical knowledge is sub par.  I went to Lowes on Buffalo and Washington, they are both friendly and knowledgable.  I recommend Home Depot train their employees on customer service.
4	Lots of random ass shit that I don't think anyone ever needs, but regardless, they have it. I like walking around the little kitchen setups they got cause I think they're fun and give me ideas on how to make my house not look like shit.All in all, if you need it, they most likely have it. I visit a lot for gardening stuff, even though I totally fail at it, I try.
3	The worst thing about this store is that you can't find what you're looking for.... and neither can the employees.  I couldn't believe it... OK. Maybe I can... I asked the employee where I could find a particular shower valve part. She told me that they don't make it anymore (it is 20 yes old). I couldn't believe that answer. I asked someone else... they took me right to it and asked if I knew how to install it.    How can this be? The first person could've said they don't know. I'd be OK with that.  The last employee is the only thing saving them from a "1 Star Rating"
4	I had to drag myself to the Home Depot again, after a few years of avoiding it. It's not that the store isn't any good, it's just that when I'm in there, I always seem to buy a bunch more things that I wasn't going there for in the first place.But this time, I had my mind set to just buying one thing. Liquid Plumber or Draino for toilets. They had it, but the plumbing guy who worked there said that I shouldn't take any chances using ANY chemicals for the toilet.So he suggested buying a plumbing snake. This is why I like Home Depot. The snake was half the price of the Liquid Plumber. So obviously this guy was more concerned with me not destroying my toilet than for me to spend more money in the store.That's a nice and rare thing these days. Kudos for them.
3	Nice place, I just got a hard time finding help, in this huge store,  I use to buy over here since 2010, but don't come over here when it's late...
2	The average for this home depot is 3 stars and I say nay- you have not yet earned that 3rd star Home Depot- you get 2 stars. I have been here a few times getting your run of the mill stuff- trash bags, paint, a pick to expand the hole in my basement- the usual. My only negative experience until recently was I bought a grill that came with free assembly but whoever assembles them was apparently on vacation and couldn't do it for a week or so -so I put it together myself and am now terrified that it will explode. Last night, however, when I went to get a drink from my trusty fridge my taste buds were assaulted by water that could loosely be called "tap". Surely this must be a mistake, I mused out loud, because I had just replaced the filter not two months prior. I checked the filter light and it was not on- I was allegedly good. I tasted the water again and sure enough- it was disgusting, unfiltered proletariat water. "THIS WILL NOT STAND!" I screamed, picking up the bell I ring to alert my butler to my needs. After ringing it for about 45 minutes I realized my roomate was not in fact home and I would have to take care of this myself. 3 hours later I had figured out how to remove the filter and was looking online for a replacement. Now, according to the home depot website there were a variety of products they offered that would fit my needs. There was a name brand, a generic, and each offered them in a single or two pack. The two pack of the generic was the best value but since I'm a BALLER I planned on getting the single of the name brand because I make it rain like that. The website has a cool feature entitled "check for availability in store" and what this feature does is it allows you to check for the availability of your product in the store. I checked and sure enough- all four were available at this location. To recap- they allegedly have 4 different products that will fit my needs in stock. So I jump in my automobile, smash the accelematrix and I'm off. At the last possible second a nagging voice in the back of my mind said, "you know what,just in case why don't you bring the old filter with you- worst case scenario you can just throw it out in the store when you buy the new one". While I am usually a risk taker -I play the stock market, blackjack, go out with girls who live downtown- for some reason I listened to aforementioned voice and brought it with me.I arrived at the store and by the time I had walked 20 feet had been asked by about 7 employees if they could help me. Having been worn down I said "You know what Steve? You can". I showed him the website for what I wanted and he said "No problem". Little did Steve know- there was a big problem. Apparently water filters are slightly more valuable than plutonium so they are always kept hidden or under lock and key or both. At this particular location apparently they are also kept in like 5 different locations. After walking around for some time it turned out the product was not available in store- a major defect in the "check availability in store" system. Not only was my first choice not available, neither were any of the other ones. :(At this point another employee overheard us talking and informed us there was in fact a secret 6th location where filters could be found. Once we found this El Dorado of tap water it turned out they did have the generic filter in a one pack that I needed- but the price was like 14 dollars more than advertised on the website. At this point I had invested 5's of minutes into getting it though so I bit the bullet and shelled out the money instead of ordering online/waiting for it. In closing, Amazon for little shippable things. Home depot for other things. This review is slightly exaggerated- but I emphasize SLIGHT.
4	This was actually the very first Home Depot i've ever been to when i moved to Vegas 20 years ago. There wasn't that many around the town and this happened to be the closest. I have noticed that this was the ONLY location (that i know of) that has a rental center. For those who want to rent some tools for a quick project and dont want to purchase the tool, or what not. It's a bit weird that not all locations stock the same things. I have 2 other home depots closer to my house but only this location had the length of screw and size i needed. The other two didnt even carry it, let alone list it. After all these years, this one has yet to fail me. Though that traffic light in front of home depot on rainbow kind of sucks and takes forever.
4	I had great service when I went in to buy paint for my house. The employee working the paint section helped me out a lot. I have never really bought paint for a house before so I needed a little guidance. She helped me get the right type and mixed it for me. I had all my questions answered and was out of there pretty quickly. I had great service and was happy with the price I paid.
5	They have great service here at this location. Everyone is friendly and helpful. We went to the Lowe's at Buffalo before coming here and was not satisfied there so we came to Home Depot. I will always come here from now on.
2	Never have I been so annoyed at Home Depot. And I love this store. First I was a little bothered by waiting 10 minutes for someone to cut wood for my for my apartment Windows, (I'm a little girl with some theft issues). And finally Ryan helps me while "wood man" is on a forklift. I get it. You have to put shit away. But I'm waiting. With money in my hand and you don't want serve me. Wah wah wah, I know I sound so high maintenance. Then, I go to self check out after not wanting to deal with anyone, and this chick "Mary" I believe starts getting my "big items" that consist of Bounty? sticks of wood? Really? You're just thinking I'm going to steal, and ringing up all my items for me, and then proceeds to ask after Ive paid and I'm bagging my items, "do you need help with that". Ugh. Home Depot, you guys need help in customer service. Never, until this visit. This used to be an enjoyable experience. 2 stars for selection of what I needed and tempted to give a whole star for Ryans customer service.
5	We had to return paint, no receipt, and no problem.  We went to get the new paint, and as we walked up Dre ran up to unlock the paint for us. After we got the paint and some other fix it items we walked up to the register, and there was Dre, CLOCKING IN! He went way above great customer service. Ask for him, he deserves management to know!
